what about the victims of crimes by us citizens.  Is there voice less than?
@RonWyden smells of crimes by Jews list in Nazi Germany. Please unravel #TrumpRussia ASAP.Everything else will fall in place
check Clinton first& BHO they gave Uranium & BS US for too LONG.
Trump won. Not Clinton. Quit bringing up that tired argument. She's not president
#Clinton not President, but she won most votes.TRUMP IS USA SHAME
Bc RUSSIA Our Uranium, Hillary &!llegal voters & she STILL LOST!
Hillary received the most votes.Trump the most Russian money/help.
Illegal voters with dead people name R NOT effective against Electoral
there also wasn't 3+ million illegal votes. Come on now
That would be President Trump to you . . . Jeff.
include @potus wife then..she is an immigrant. Damn he would only have 1 child if not 4 immigrants, Tiffany #NotMeinFuhrer
Thank you, Senator Merkley! Please continue to push for a full investigation into Trump Admin ties to Russia.
who gives a fck about his ties with Russia wat u want a president to start a fcking war with Russia b happy theyre not nuking us
#LiberalsAreHypocrits
Liar.  There are REAL victims and their families have NO resources.  Why do you hate them @SenJeffMerkley ?? #VOICE
@freedom_306 LEGAL immigrants..... Legal!!! .... say it !! LEGAL !!
#NationOfLegalImmigrants
A victim of crime is a victim of crime regardless of the perpetrator's immigration status
1 speech without his juvenile rhetoric doesn't cut it. All his negative slurs are waiting in the background at demos
@ORDems it is deplorable that he has requested this unit be created.
I think millions around the country joined the audible gasp in the room when he said that. #NationsofImmigrants
I would expect that any murder would be investigated, no matter where the perpetrator was from.
@HanSolo_2017 
#WeAreAllImmigrants
#NoBanNoWallNoRaids 
No Ban No Fear
Refugees Are Welcome Here
#StrongerTogether 
#resist
no one is trying to paint immigrants as criminals. We are trying to get rid of criminal immigrants! There's a difference!
what the hell kind of Senator are you?
.  He's an excellent senator. Principled and honest, he represents his constituents. He's our senator.
as an Oregonian who doesn't live in Portland I disagree.
legal ones. You should move to Mexico
If they are here illegally they ARE criminals
so jeff if I were to occupy your office would you have me arrested or consider me an undocumented protester
not all are criminals but the ones you are protecting are all criminals
Who makes you the expert on criminals or immigration?  Well work to vote you out and send you away from Washington.
Eh, try again! I think 9/11 , the Boston bombing, & other terror attacks painted the true image. #MAGA
Isn't Trump married to an immigrant?
many illegals are criminals. They abuse the welfare system costing America billions.  That's a crime!
they're all criminals if they are here illegally
Nation of immigrants not illigal aliens.' Immigrants come in front door legally no objections to that.
Time for you to speak up for the American citizens.  Be fair & loyal to America. Do not mix up legal & illegal
I actually thought he was proposing a VOICE for immigrants. Silly me

Federal government needs to do its job and enforced immigration laws. #DoYourJob
Communication very clear.  Merkley you are attempting to put America at risk
are you implying there's no such thing as ileagals commiting crime?
How can you possibly support the criminal that is here illegally over your own law abiding citizen?
I love the idea of repurposing money to aid the VICTIMS of the crimes and not the representation of the CRIMINAL. #MAGA
there are times to set politics aside. Remember Mr. Sin. You work for all those who live in Oregon. Even Trump Voters!!!
You will be replaced. I am a Vet and to not stand for Ryan last night was a disgrace to Ryan, His wife & to all Vets.
By crossing the boarder Illegally makes them criminals. You Sin. Merky think it is ghosts who killed thousands of Americans.
Dear Sen. Headinsand,  Do you want to risk your constituents safety on your gamble? Please read "Adios America" & thinkthru
Dear Sen. Headinsand, obviously you don't know history nor aware of  long term strategy used by Islam to undermine nations.
it's not like there are thousands of sex offenses in Texas committed by illegals every year. WHY DO YOU PROMOTE RAPE CULTURE
The more ignorant you and your cronies are, the more you're going to lose in future elections.
You're so ignorant. It's to be a voice for those victims who were ignored by the last administration.
you ignored Americans who have been victims of crime from ILLEGAL immigrants for so long good 2 have a Pres that listens
PLEASE oppose this with everything you've got!! It is unconscionable and we are better than this.
Thank you Jeff, let's ban together with California in protecting immigrants, in turn our economies will do better!
ILLEGAL Immigrants!When will get that straight??
@realDonaldTrump we are stronger with a nation of laws not liberal BS
Yes, we are a nation of immigrants.   Not a nation of illegal immigrants.  Too many fail to distinguish between the two.
.@SenJeffMerkley You sir were an embarrassment at the speech last night; I don't give a damn what you think after that stunt.
@POTUS is talking about illegals @SenJeffMerkley  Please learn the difference Sir.
Last time I checked we were a nation of legal immigrants 
Nation of White immigrants until 1965. #VOICE #MAGA
#unreal Only native Americans are not immigrants #NationofImmigrants
I heard the gasps during his announcement of VOICE. Sounds dangerous and discriminatory.
agree
agreed! We need people of all sorts. The earth belongs to everyone. Diversity makes us great!
Yes, legal immigrants. All he is doing is enforcing the laws that Congress passed.
What don't you get about illegal criminal immigrants are the problem.
Thank you Senator! I find this really concerning.
the democrats are causing division with the rhetoric. We want our laws followed. Gov Kate wants $55 mil for OHPundocumented
@MSAOregon That's not what he was saying. You need to listen better. Listen to the American people.
how can you be against a victims rights focus?
yes we should have a day that's called a day without a Western European... oh wait they're White never mind
A nation of LEGAL immigrants.
@JumpTheRework how about all the immigrants now being attacked & in some cases killed by Americans bc of awakened hatred?
says a guy whose wooded areas are filled with Mexican drug cartels that use IED's to protect their marijuana farms..
Yes Senator, thank you. His desire to profile immigrants as criminals is terrible and this program sounds downright chilling
how about this one? Is this downright chilling?

illegal aliens are criminals. They're breaking the law by being here illegally. By definition that makes them criminals.
Keep up the good work, Senator! I'm a proud Oregonian & so glad I voted for you & Wyden! Keep resisting, you are appreciated
red white black tan brown yellow LBGT  Muslim Christian catholic Hindu  Jew  We Are The People of The USA. Against tyranny.
will you please tell me the difference between illegal immigrant and immigrant? you seem to think they are the same.
Wide open borders and unchecked mass immigration is a danger to this country.
Shut up!!!!
Since the gov't so far has refused to provide criminality statistics by immigration status, how do you know if it's false?
Shouldn't we have access to all the facts to decide our immigration policy? Why don't you want facts reported?
Why is it unreasonable for our government to tell us how many immigrants are in our prisons?
They are LLEGAL ALIENS. Not immigrants!  We have laws. 

Follow the rules and you are welcome. Otherwise...LEAVE NOW!
Catherine, are you willing to hold Mr. Trump to that same standard?
@pdxindivisible The moment I heard that, my mind snapped with concern!
Sorry I don't buy that in today's world. US must stand united or fall to terrorist. Rep that can NOT unify 4 US, resign.
yes if is dangerous
The illegal that killed a young lady in Council Bluffs IA was released on $5K bond by republican judge. He fled.
Yes, and it ignores that our *food supply* is totally dependent upon those immigrants or we'll have Brazil-style food-lines.
, fight this SHIT like CRAZY!!!!
the rule of law means nothing
immigrants fine, illegal immigrants not so much.
Just hate wrapped in a different package. AWFUL
The idea of it makes me sick. What can we do?
accept that no one is against legal immigration and learn that there is a difference
Focusing law and order, enforcement; targeting immigrants as reason for the non-existent increased crime rates.
Could it be that the Dems simply want the votes? Sure seems like it since every POTUS for decades was 4 immigration reform.
Reagan gave them full Pardon and citizenship.
I am fine with that. No families should be torn apart unless criminal, but then enforce the boarder.
Thank You Senator, #Oregonians salute you! #NationOfImmigrants #NoToVOICE
human trafficking is a huge problem in Portland. Trump's exc order did more on while you chose to bitch about GMO labels
he's taking a page from the Nazi's - they published a list of crimes by Jews to foster fear and hatred
Yes. This is identical tactic to Nazis.
not that hard!!!!
uh no! Illegals are criminals. Legal immigrants are embraced and welcomed
Thank you for fighing for us!
are you illegal?
