BREAKING: White House announces President Donald Trump has fired FBI Director James Comey
What about traitor clintons russia connection ans her giving our uranium to her master putin?  Who then gave big speaking fee 2 billy
Yes!  We need an Independent Special Prosecutor to sort this out!  Please do all you can to get one!  Thank you for your service to USA.
How, specifically, are you, @RonWyden & @RepSchrader working in a bipartisan way to respond to Comey firing & continue Russia investigation?
A political firestorm in the making? Is there support for that?
You mean, investigate HILLARY-PODESTA-RUSSIAN connection?
This attempt to consolidate power & rise above the law is THE test for our republic. If we fail this, we are witnessing fall of Rome
Fuck Rome- they had it coming. The only way to rid the US of corruption is to disestablish the church from it. ASK ANY FOUNDER! Greeks >
Still no Russian/Trump collusion revealed yesterday at the Senate hearing. No evidence anywhere. Please stop wasting our time/tax dollars.
No one so blind as one who refuses to see.
We are in the midst of a Constitutional Crisis. Our representatives need to unify and fight the treasonous Trump and his Cabinet. Go USA
We need to have Hillary prosecuted too now!
Thank you, Senator Merkley.
The need for a  #SpecialProsecutor is cleared than ever. We must preserve #ChecksAndBalances.
CC:@SenCoryGardner
@AP_Politics And I hope he appoints someone as good as the "Denali"
Mark Levin. And yes ----he meets qualifications
He is... he's collecting Tax Dollars with No Effort. Quite the feat, eh? Democrats have that skill mastered 🖒
Let's just hire a special prosecutor every single time Trump makes a decision.
Stop already! THERE IS NO EVIDENCE! There is however evidence enough on Hillary. Lets push for a special prosecutor for her.
Please don't stop calling for a special prosecutor. And can we go back to talking about the fact that Sessions should be charged w/perjury?
Why aren't you outraged by "nobody" investigating the leaking of classified government info to the Washington Post? There's your cover-up.
Fight for us Jeff. The American people are in a state of shock with this unstable Twitter-Toddler in the Oval Office. 25th Amend., Section 4
@AP_Politics Jeffie you realize a special prosecutor is appointed by Rod Rosenstein as Sessions recuse him self not congress
For all who do not know this senator research him...he is amazingingly ,kind , empathetic to all causes. Proud of him .my sate senator
Indeed!
thank you, Senator. a lot of us think there's a Constitutional crisis. please help.
Yes!!! Please Grab up your Arms and Help!! Oh... wait... you're in IL? Nevermind. You gave up the Constitution LONG Ago. Goodbye Francis....
How does Trump get away with this? This is about as crooked as it gets!
Because someone richer then Trump is pay for play. He is a puppet for money. The man is breaking CONSTITUTIONAL law advertising  his brand.
Literally the best summary of the situation I've ever read. Bravo
Keep on it, Senator! Proud of you! From Klamath Falls, OR.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
Starting to see the "urgency" of firing Comey today... https://twitter.com/SamFeistCNN/status/862112154186547200 … …
BREAKING: CNN Exclusive: Subpoenas issued in FBI's Russia investigation. Amazing timing. http://cnn.it/2ptJzgh 
Why are you promoting this conspiracy theory but not outraged by Hillary's destruction of subpoenaed evidence?
Yes, please, Senator!
Hey Jeff! Keep dreamin; Pal! The false narrative ain't working anymore, no thanks to you! Better decisions haven't been made by you dude!
Yes, Please do!!! Waste your time with that, no worries... we'll be busy GOVERNING.

Both of Oregon's senators vote "present" on Comey for FBI Director: Sens. Ron Wyden (D-OR) and Jeff Merkley (D-OR).
Lol. lets move beyond statements as benign as this.
How about Hilary emails and BENGAZI
On what proof. There is and has not been any from the beginning.
This is a full on cover up by @realDonaldTrump !!! He's a traitor to the  people!!! #ImpeachTrump
#ConstitutionalCrisis #sessionsmustgo #TrumpRussia #IndependentCommission
No kidding.
Well said Jeff!  We are with you!  We MUST have someone that the President can't fire, that exhaustively investigates POTUS Russia links.
Thank you! Please keep pushing for one
I agree with you I certainly hope we get one
Time to step up; you all need to do what you have to do
LOLOLOLOLOLOL
You're a piece of garbage. Weird.
Senator, the Dems need to have a come-to-Jesus conversation w/ all those Rs in Congress who are tweeting abt how troubled they are right now
This appears to be obstruction of justice during an ongoing investigation
you people really are nuts.  They put out the truth about Clintons lies?  WOW
you mean the same Comey that said there was no russian ties and you blasted him for it.  now you are saying he was fired for ties?
We need an independent investigation. Now. Please continue to fight for our democracy.
#impeachtrump
#trumprussia
#russiagate
#trumprussiaredrum
#resist
Thank you, Sen. Merkley! Please continue pushing for this!
Thank you for this. I keep finding congresspeople who have put out no statement or one that means nothing.
Constituent here: totally agree. Government needs to GRIND to a HALT until this happens. NOTHING happens until then. Hit the e-brake!
Senator--who do we call?  Which of your GOP colleagues accepts the gravity of this situation?
@AP_Politics Attorney Gen Sessions was not going to put up with Comey's crap in his Crooked Hillary indictment. That's clear
If AG Sessions can fire special prosecutor, only way to restore our government's integrity is impeachment&huge,"Donald Trump, You're Fired!"
Yes, independent counsel, please.
Yes, or maybe it's time to start the impeachment.
Call for special prosecutor!
You need to go see a ololaryngologist and ears checked out  numerous times Comey said NO COLLUSION BETWEEN TRUMP AND RUSSIA.
ENOUGH TALKING U BUNCH OF WIMPS!

Yes, and the sooner the better!
I am 49 yrs old and never remember such a dramatic and disruptive presidency. Please help keep Americans safe. Trump scares me
Independent commission! Not special prosecutor alone! #TrumpRussia #trumpCoverUp
Tell us what we can do to it happen.
Both Trump and Jeff Sessions need to be impeached now!!!!
Yeeehhhhs!
Second that! And quickly.
We the people have been demanding independent investigations for months! Please get congress to make this priority 1!!!
Exactly. Release his taxes too while you are at it!!
Please push for an independent commission on the Russian investigation now! We cannot trust any pro-Trump political operatives.
@RepAdamSchiff YOU ALL BETTER DO SOMETHING TO STOP EVIDENCE AT FBI FROM BEING DESTROYED!
Why isn't an independent #TrumpRussiaInvestigation happening???
@AP_Politics what's clear is roadblock to prosecute the Clintons and others from your party is now gone...Russia? Try RICO!
When will GOP senators grow a pair?

Of course, if mishandling the Clinton investigation was actually the reason for Trump to fire Comey, he should have done it in January.
@LindseyGrahamSC thinks FBI could use a change
or is that stooge
Amen!
Thank you, @SenJeffMerkley. I look to you and @RonWyden for leadership in this time of crisis.
good luck with that.
Thank you
Jeff, tell me you guys are all over this. I'm sick thinking that any new FBI director will close this investigation.
No that's what happens when you fail to do your job and you lie to Congress under oath!
So do something. Today. Now. Lead.
We need you to make sure the investigations continue1
Comey's firing by Trump confirms we need an independent commission.  We cannot depend on the current efforts in Congress.


I will research.  You can do that. If you are approved through Congress. NO secret speeches allowed.That's the difference.  Maybe, Fake News
independent investigation now - or National strike!
Time to impeach Trump.
Somebody better make sure it happens. I am one pissed off American! Grassley is already defending the firing. Where does that leave us?
JUST IMPEACH ALREADY
Pls Senator convince colleagues across aisle to DEMAND appointment of special counsel before confirming new FBI dir.
NO confirmation of FBI dir. without appointment of Special Prosecutor.  cc: @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski https://twitter.com/SenBlumenthal/status/862064465482850304 …
The Russian collusion idea is ridiculous and all played out Jeffy. What we need is an investigation into Obama's illegal spying.

Thank you Sen. Merkley.  I am not a fan of #Comey, but the timing of this is suspicious. We need a special prosecutor #Russia #trump
Yes it does.especially when trump added one short statement..they aren't investigating me...lol..revealed himself
Please. Start the process of an independent investigation. I don't trust @POTUS or any of his cronies.
It is the dems you should not trust
and yet.. what power DO YOU HAVE to do something about that?
You got that right sir! We must have an Independent Commission Now!!!
Hope you get Trump's letter firing him.  Sessions was NOT recused.  He perjured himself and did not stay recused.  #sessionsmustgo
I can hear the shredders from here
It was clear enough long ago! #Trumprussia
Wait, I thought you liked Comey.
Please fight for an independent special prosecutor!
Independent investigation MUST happen now. Nothing less is acceptable! #KeepFighting
 PUTIN WON 
Help make it happen, please!
Who can call for an independent prosecutor?
Make it so!!
