Comey was very clear- there was no facts to connect from Trump to Russia
I'm pretty sure he said he couldnt answer that question because it would reveal classified information
That's not what he said
Umm yeah he did
And he also said this

Thank you.
Thank you!!
Thank you Senator
You're a hero, Senator Jeff.
GIVE 'EM HELL!
You are such a partisan stooge
There is NO investigation on Trump! The investigation was to see if Russia meddled in US elections. Dems wanted Comey gone well before T.
There is an investigation into Trump. And he proved it by firing Comey and by his comments this morning with Lester Holt.
You are wrong
Can you provide a source showing that your assertion is correct? Cause I can show Trump's comment refuting it.
It is correct. Do your own research.
I have. Comey had said more than once that they were looking into Russia & the Trump team's possible collusion with them.
Comey also said Trump was NOT under investigation. Multiple times.
I haven't heard Comey ever say Trump wasn't under investigation. I've only heard Trump say that Comey told him he wasn't. Not the same thing
Thank you!!
There's not a criminal investigation! STOP making stuff up. You loose credibility. I want you to succeed. Tell the truth
Thank you!!!
Thank you!  Stay strong!
Go Jeff
Good luck, DC republicans don't seem to care what Trump is doing,they are either in on it or too worried about their own party & not America
Thank you!!!
Be sure to include obama illegal surveillance
Thank you from Eugene, OR!
YOU LIAR @POTUS #TrumPutin = OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE
@realDonaldTrump

#ImpeachTrumpNOW
@maddow @MSNBC @nytimes @postpolitics @BostonGlobe
Do it up! #trumprussia needs #IndependentInvestigation
Thank you sir!
As a concerned American I thank you, Senator Merkley.
Thank you for your help with trying to save America
Good luckBut McConnell is in deep with #TrumpRussiaEspionage & he'll never appoint #SpecialProsecutor for #IndependentInvestigation 
Thank you x 1,000 for your work
thank you.  please continue to fight for our democracy! #RESIST
Go Merkley!
@funder I'm not your constituent but I thank you for standing up for us
Words apparently don't matter...blackmailing of the entire GOP is a possibility at this point...
Please shout loud.
Good luck!!
Thank you for your patriotic service
Roll on Oregon!
Thank you Senator!  You have this Oregonian's  full support.
Please keep fighting for this! I'm one of your constituents in the 97202 and I find this firing incredibly disturbing.
Thank you, Senator Merkley!
Senator Merkley - YES, and thank you!
Sen Merkley you idiot. Cannot have indp prosecutor unless is a definate crime and charges. Two ind. invest committees now. wait 4 evidence.
You're my hero!
Stop embarrassing your State. You know S. Prosecutors are appointed for criminal investigations not Counterintelligence inv which this is.
Thankyou!!
Thank you!
Thank you Senator, from Oregon!
Thank you Senator Merkley!
Awesome, Senator!
Thank you!  You are a true patriot. Persist!!

Keep it up, Senator. You are fighting the good fight. Much  & support from rural Eastern Oregon.
I love my state. I'm deeply grateful in these dark times to have you and Senator Wyden to fight for Oregon, and for America. #resist
Shut down the govt until a independent special prosecutor is installed
ICYMI ! Acting FBI Director McCabe testified to Sen Intel Cmt that #Comey dismissal did not effect #Russian prob. Ur claim "derailed" wrong!
Keep it up Sen. Merkley!
.Listen to urselves! You want to allow Prosecutor to be able to charge someone w/crime w/no proof of crime but just cuz he feels like it!
Thank you, Senator.
Go go go and bring down the hammer on these faux-regime-wannabe lying CROOKS.
You sound like a threat to Oregon.. js
Go ahead....but you don't run things.
.Thank God we don't live in a country that a Prosecutor can charge a person w/a crime just cuz he feels like it! In Amer he MUST HAVE PROOF!

.Prosecutor must possess EVIDENCE, NOT a dislike toward person, to support said person committed a crime!
Where is ur integrity? You are lying through ur teeth & have as much knowledge of the meeting as a fire ant. Keep ur swamp, u need the mud.
Nice story telling but it's a fairytale in ur mind. Where is the proof ur story happened as u say? The AG & Dep went to him.
Well done...thank you !
What the POTUS said as a candidate & what he says today doesn't have 2 b the same. It started w/ HRC.
#IndependentInvestigation ? #ImpeachTrumpNow
Thank you Senator.
Oregon is lucky to have two rock star Senators when other states have none to make them so proud 
Thank you!
Proud you are my Senator, sir! Keep at it! #strongertogether
Don't stop until it happens. Our democracy depends on it.  #SpecialProsecutor
TY, Senator!  # Oregon is so proud of you! 
#DEMANDSESSIONSRESIGN 
#DEMANDINDEPENDENTSPECIALPROSECUTOR
#DEMANDINDEPENDENTIVESTIGATION
Thank you!
I keep saying this but it needs repeating: thank you. Please don’t ever stop fighting for what’s right.
Thank you! Don’t give up. Though there are many legislative priorities, if we don’t get to the bottom of this none of them will matter.
It's getting harder to maintain the belief that the @gop cares about our democracy and not just power in the era of @realDonaldTrump
It's quite simple, Anyone not supporting a special prosecutor or counsel will require immunity to stay out of jail
Thank you!
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley
Are we clear NOW?! @GOP is OBSTRUCTING the appt. #SpecialProsecutor #IndependentInvestigation ?!?! Call MoCs!!!#TheResistance #Indivisible
You go Senator!
Proud that you and @RonWyden are my Senators!
All this political grandstanding and still no evidence of Russia interference or collusion. Stop wasting time & $$$ and get to work.
Please pull your head out of the sand.
Please produce some evidence.
The FBI is doing that. 3 intelligence agencies confirmed the Russians hacked our election. Collusion proof coming.Also, Russia hacked France
Russia hacked DNC. Revealed their corruption. Didn't change votes or outcome.
Still no collusion proof. Just political grandstanding.
GO, Sir! GO!
