.@realDonaldTrump, there is no moral equivalence between those who fight for civil rights and white supremacists.
Washington and Jefferson fought to create this country. Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson fought to preserve slavery. Not the same!
He doesn't know history. Very SAD! #notmypresident
No more Equivalence between "progressive civil rights?ANTIFA Thugs! Jeff enables them!
The president is inviting and inciting a race war. When will he be removed? #ImpeachTrumpNow
Oh fake news . Looking for your 10 seconds of fame! Nothing to see hear with this individual, move along everyone.....
Jeff...do me a favour and read a history book about how and when slavery was abolished!
Jeff turns a Blind Eye & Won't Denounce America's INTIFA Terrorists!
I am sick of the labels & hate for being white! Black supremacy is also evil. Today, the only blame for failure is yourself!
He only said what the rest of us were thinking
Hey Senator, I'm a little curious as to your opinion on this firmer Democrat senator:
Educate yourself:
Antifa is no different then the supremacists don't pretend like they are.
What can be done to remove him?! And quickly can this be done?!
Sir, ANTIFA are NOT civil rights protesters by any stretch of the imagination.
Civil rights protestors protesting AGAINST the rights to free speech, lawful assembly and protest? Really, that's what you see there?
Liar. He rightly asserted that there are thugs on both sides - something to which you're apparently wilfully blind.
Civil rights protesters who will beat the crap out of you if you don't agree with them
I'm pretty sure he said neither side has a right to bash the other's brains in because they don't agree w/ their opinions, but you do you.
"Civil rights protestors"
"Civil rights protestors"
"Civil rights protestors"
WHAT THE HE'LL DO YOU KNOW, JUNIOR?
We are at the point where if politicians don't start proceedings to remove Trump the they are just as bad as supporting Trump.
You sir were silent when Ferguson burned and your buddy Obama said NOTHING (ass)
"Civil rights protesters?" Holy fuck! Put down the crack pipe, you loon.

They were literally the opposite of civil rights protesters.
Please stop trump. He's truly a madman. #trumpsterFire
IMPEACH his ass.
Now! Today!
You must not have been watching.
Antifa isn't a "civil rights" group.  They are just the opposite.  Sad to see you agree with them.
Civil rights protesters indeed, Antifa was armed with bats.
They both have voice, sorry I don't agree with WAS message but the blood shed for liberty protects them too.
WE WANT IMPEACHMENT NOW!
His "true heart"
He's a disgrace!
Your party is beyond Stupid.  BLM, funding Hamas, IRAN!  IRS TERRORIST, GEORGE (cont) http://tl.gd/no1ink 
Trump is okaying nazis & return to southern succession & slavery& thats treason. Millions died 2 defeat those groups then& will again if nec
Such an embarrassment to the nation
The fact that you tolerate the hate and violence that comes from antifa and anarchists shows your political blindness. Open your eyes
Yes, and? #theyallmustgo now.
Beyond disgusting.  Not fit to serve!
They are criminals advocating against U.S. laws and the constitution. Would they defend sexual predators demonstrating for their values?
Antifa NOT civil libertarians!!! Moron!
#ImpeachNow
I heard a guy there protesting the Nazis say 'white lives don't matter'-that seems equivalent to white supremacy...
It's like an echo chamber in here. Your President just condemned violence whoever is the perpetrator. Shouldn't that be applauded?
When is it enough? At what point is there action?
Yes he did. What are you going to do about it and how can Oregonians help?
No he did not, he put the blame on both sides, the white supremacists and the fascists. That does not equate to moral equivalence, they 1/2
I am so sick of BS politicians vote them out once and for all
Civil rights protesters?
WATCH: This Video Shows Violence From Antifa In Charlottesville http://dld.bz/fZNqk  @kr3ch3k 
@SenJeffMerkley As your constituent, thank you for your integrity. Also, please do everything in your power to remove him from office NOW.
There wasn't a difference, they are civil right protesters they are a hate group, stop trying to change the facts.
What exactly is it going to take to remove 45? He is clearly unfit for office.
Stop your lying and giving a pass to antifa and blm left wing groups that are associated with you and your party.
What is going on? Why is the GOP dragging their feet with impeachment. This person is not a representative of the USA.
So people should STOP asking him to say/do the right thing
More distractions. His justifications are off the Mark and only work to confuse the issues. Meanwhile #WhiteSupremacists are encouraged NO
Civil rights protesters ?- antifa & nazis are one and the same, totalitraion thugs, they deserve each other
Can we finally Impeach him? Can you check that out for us? He is killing America!
Can Oregon lead the way to explore the 25th amendment? It’s there and it’s time
I am so pissed. Our loved ones in the grave WWII and he is getting by with this? We may never rid racism but Trump is feeding that base.
Keep pushing your fake agenda and spreading lies while my city is destroying itself.  #MAGA
false equivalency we protect and love they H8 and  I punched a Nazi years past. Never thought they would get 2 the whitehouse Via russia
What have you done for Oregon today, Merkley?
Censure him. You can't impeach him, but the Senate can censure.
"Look at my African American over here!" –Donald Trump at a campaign rally June 3, 2016.  After that , your surprised?
Thank you for speaking out. I'm so proud of my Senators
#ImpeachNow
Can one of you please link what you are talking about
#Yazidi female fighters in #Raqqa on #Charlottesville: ‘Unite against  fascism’ https://www.facebook.com/YPG/posts/1551001201588137 … 
#World pro #civilsociety #news #BBC
KKK are very happy right now! Heart breaking!
As if on cue... the former KKK grand wizard is pleased as punch with Trump's self-immolating presser. 
* Even we who are not Americans hope you will be one of many senators who stand on the floor of the chamber to explain the difference *
DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS. GET HIM OUT OF THERE!!
Senator Merkley - please, please do all u can to sway GOP we need him out. Please 
Thank you senator for being a voice of reason and true leadership during these dark times.
That's correct, sir. And he will keep supporting and defending WS, publicly & privately. We do not deserve this from our leader.
When are Republicans going to rid us of this threat to our country?  #ImpeachTrumpAndPence
Seriously,you need to get the party together and head to D.C.
I guess we all have a long fight on our hands to stand firmly against 45 and his Alt-Reich.  We know Oregon has to as well.  #45isaRacist
Oregon stands for the Union still, right?  Trump is now siding with the Confederacy.  

Oregon Coat of Arms:
Please file a motion to censure the President
Is he intentionally trying to start a race war?
A total outrage. Comes down to "semantics"?!
He did more than that Senator. Today might well lead to impeachment interest from your Republican colleagues.
Now...can we not hold trump and all Republicans accountable for the damage they have done!
Hell yes
I want to scream. I'm so angry at our president.
I'm questioning our leader's well being. Why aren't our representatives doing more to stop him?
Unbelievable
Except, it's the Orange Perv, so anything is possible.
WHO is telling him to do this? David Duke???
He went even further. This is appalling
