Exchange between @SenJeffMerkley & Secretary @BetsyDeVosED on LGBTQ and religious discrimination. 
This shouldn't have to be a question, but unfortunately it’s a #Question4Betsy today: Will she #ProtectOurStudents from discrimination?
Hard to take @BetsyDeVosED's claims of supporting work study seriously when her budget cuts it IN HALF. #ProtectOurStudents
The billionaire @POTUS and billionaire @BetsyDeVosED don’t get it: college is already unaffordable for regular people.

First thing I notice is the name on the table...HONOR...HON Betsy Devon....nothing honorable about what she is trying to do 2 education sys
She's saying that you guys need to clarify the laws where they are murky. She's the secretary of education. She doesn't make legislation 
The question was inappropriate. She doesn't make legislation. Read the constitution.

Stay tough Jeff! Oregon is proud of you!
She danced her way around that question, didn't she? All she needed to say was "yes or no". I don't respect word games.
She's not! They want ppl to pay for school now. You will start paying for PreK to Ph.D. Stop the TAXES!!!
This was an amazing exchange and showed the continuing incompetence of @BetsyDeVosED. She is clueless, no business involved in education.
This woman is like a deer in headlights. She does not have a clue about the laws guiding education and even less about public schools.
Keep up the good fight Sen Merkley!
@BetsyDeVosED #STILLUNQUALIFIED
Does her name plate say "Honorable Betsy DeVos"...?-Cuz she is anything but to include much of this administration
You did your best sir and we thank you for your service 
Ask her if she knows her brother was setting up backchannel to Russia and her position was a favor
She's such an advocate for our children 
Interesting priorities she has. Discriminating is fine with her. Lying about it, not so much. This would win her points with some people.
She is a despicable, disgusting human being.
Trump Group seem to want to privatize everything in govt. This is horrible. Please show stats on WHY we need good govt for all Americans.
see DMV experience and you will have your answer. Govt is inept- private sector Isn't.
This woman needs to go #impeachGOP
So can't you put forth a bill which would ban such discrimination?  And then be sure to advertise which representatives refuse to support it
U are the problem puppet!
You need to zip it and listen when you have asked a question. Its congress who passes legislation not the secretary. DO YOUR JOB LOUDMOUTH
@BeckyIB @usedgov it's bc she's a horrible woman...totally unqualified for the position. ..shameful. ..
Bec Betsy's "voucher program" is 2 allow religious schools 2 get federal $$ while allowing them 2 say who can attend#SeparateChurch&State
DeVos uses her religion and her money to pass judgement on children
Political runaround
@BetsyDeVosED dumb, racists, and wassup with the "Hon"...ain't nothing honorary about her ...
She is not right for our kids furture. This all about money. Just money with her and trying to take back the US to a time long gone.
She is horrible. Thank you, Senator Merkley.
Can we ask how she'd do with a satanist school- or satanic prayer at a public school? If there's any religion that wouldn't be ok, 0 are.
It was exhausting just to watch! All she had to do was say "yes" or "no". Her not answering tells me "yes, it will be allowed". #pathetic
Thanks. Proud to have you and @RonWyden as my senators.
Thank you for trying to protect our students!
You did a good job Senator with a ridiculously obstructive Devos.
I was watching it unfold:  it was painful!
What I'm getting from unqualified disastrous DeVos is that college should only be for the wealthy and privileged.
He needed to clarify federal law. It sounds like he is badgering.
Thank you Sen. In generally tho, why is it so difficult for politicians to answer a straight question wth a yes/no? Juking if for football
they should concentrate on bettering these schools and incentivizing teacher to work in underserved communities to better education (3)
what many people don't understand about voucher system.. the poor will continue to be disadvantaged due to discriminatory practices (1)
private / charter schools will pk & chose who to accept in their schools, meanwhile public schools will lose their resources and funding (2)
She's a Joke big fat Grizzly of a JOKE!
She's totally clueless
Yours was a professional line of questioning and advocacy.
She weasels out of everything w/BS. She is unqualified & incapable of doing that job. .@usedgov @cspan .@BetsyDeVosED
@DebraMessing @usedgov @cspan @BetsyDeVosED OMG  Sen Jeff you are wonderful, I didn't know that I loved you but I do, bless!
She is beyond under qualified for the position she holds, it's frightening.
She said that federal funds want go to schools that don't follow the law.  Discrimination is against the law.
Thank you senator. You exposed her priorities loud and clear
Thank you for keeping at her like you did. I don't know where you found the patience.
As a public school teacher, I thank you for exposing @BetsyDeVos.
She couldn't be more like Dolores Umbridge! It's official Trump has made me crazy!
Also called segregation
That's because they don't want poor people to get gov help, just the organizations the deem worthy.
Thank you so much for holding her feet to the fire. This woman is evil & she needs to be fired first thing after trump is out! @BetsyDeVosED
DeVos is a fraud!
Keep up the good work Senator! #EqualityForAll
She has no business making these kinds of decisions. She has no experience or background in government. Also is lacking a heart or empathy!
Nice work, Senator. My God she's a cootie.
Can you verify for me that this woman actually graduated from primary school? She's the female Billy Madison sans panache. @AdamSandler
FFS, did you listen to the answer. no one heard because this prick was beating her. Libs look petty to us, she can't enforce what isn't law.
Woooo. Score for you in your own little universe.
She is a Coward. You sir, are what we need more of. Thank you for calling her out and not let her weasel out of answering.
She can't commit to anything without checking with 45 for approval! She's a tool!!
I urge all the Senator followers to stere clear of DJT followers by blocking and uniting as one sole thought of reasoning behind wisdom.
Oh my Mrs Cook we are going to have to sit down and discuss this
Because she didn't use the words you wanted? She answered your question. You're an embarrassment.
Finally somebody call her racist homophobic ass out
Did you offer to define the word "discriminate" for her? I'm betting she zoned out as soon as the words got bigger than two syllables
She is unfit for this position, she's harmful .
Way to go Senator Merkley
Why would she? It's her *intention*.
It''s because @BetsyDeVosED doesn't care about the rights of the LGBTQ+, POC or those with disabilities.
How can she possibly to serve as secretary of our country's department of education when her views are inconcsistent with our constitution?

Why are you against the chance for all kids to get ahead, to choose where they go to school? You hate private school that'll improve lives?
Thanks Senator
Get the fed's out of the education business and the issue goes away. States can grapple with it. better yet freely-associated individuals.
That stupid grin she has! It is infuriating.  She just keeps repeating the same dumb lines.
Are you saying that discrimination isn't defined by law, senator? If not, then Betsy DeVos answered your question.
DeVos is despicable, she doesn't care at all about public ed. Privatization in education WILL NOT work. The writing's already on that wall.
From collegiate standpoint, many colleges and universities receive taxpayer funds..consider HBCUs and catholic univs.  Do they discriminate?
Thank you so much for your efforts, Senator. Shame on you @BetsyDeVos.
Thank you Senator.
So She's Implying That, If Private  Schools Don't Discriminate Against Students Of Certain Genders They Won't Receive Federal Funds ?
#facepalm
Look at the guy next to him  he's like-this lady again...with the not answering any direct questions! She makes your brain wince in pain!
If it's not clear in the law. Maybe someday should change it. Apparently you haven't even though you think it is.
ty 4 trying senator as a recent college grad in debt i appreciate ones like you & am sick of the question dodging dummys trump put in charge
Great job! Thank you for representing Oregon!
thank you! My family, including our transgender daughter met with her in person along with @graceadvocates . Apparently it meant nothing.
Any update? I read that she did say they had to uphold the Federal law.
trump churns bullshit bout not wanting special interests to dictate to Washington yet  devos is a walking,breathing fucking special interest
The Hon should be removed from that name tag
Please change your avi Senator. You are not 15. #BetsyDeVos has my support and I'm a public school teacher 
You need to SUPPORT "discrimination" against the unrepentantly,therefore unforgivably,"LGBT" in their selfish desire to evade censure.
My Senator
She is absoltely spineless. Unfit to have this role ! Get her out !
Thank you for your persistence with this issue. 
@BetsyDeVosED is an embarrassment.
Saying yes to that question, is a violation of our right to practice our faith.
She's a joke. She never should have been let into the position.
@ShaunKing @usedgov @cspan @BetsyDeVosED
In parochial school, would r students going 2church &promoting heterosexual marriage be considered discrimination?
You rocked today senator Merkley.
I went to private schools. I can't recall a single openly disabled student attending any of them. They were discouraged somehow. #resist
Thank you for trying. Her testimony was incoherent.
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley please keep fighting for our children
Her program will allow schools 2 discriminate. What we'll see is lawsuits. What she meant, that it's a matter of the courts 
that is what she bought the job to do.
That's disgusting - someone in charge of the department of education really ought to have some basic values about public education.
DeVos has as much right as being Sec of Ed as Trump would being President -- oh, wait a minute.
Indoctrinated in facts?  What does your comment mean?
You mean they will be able to teach whatever the hell they want with tax payer money?  #fables #myths
Thank you for asking questions that demand answers Senator. It is stunning how the Trump administration misrepresented the public
They legally can't discriminate. What's the point of the question? Did you ask her if schools would be allowed to murder the students?
It still happens ALL THE TIME at the local level. He wants her to publicly make the statement. VERY important question.
She does not make the law, if the law is incorrect then the lawmakers need to fix it not her.
DeVos spent millions here, MI to reduce oversight for charter & private schools to null. She has a track record that reflects her intentions
DeVos paid millions to destroy MI pub schools & to spread hard dominionism. She's a despicable, desiccated PoS. #Trumprussia will end her.
@cspan @BetsyDeVosED this program is a run around to enable discrimination by bigots & white supremacists. #resist
she's dim and bigoted, a very bad combination unfortunately prevalent in this administration
Senator - Excellent work exposing DeVos as a liar and fraud. Thank you.
She's a Kleptocract - plain & simple @BetsyDeVosED cares NOTHING 4 our kids!
Of course she refused, she's a bigot.
Her refusal is the answer, of course they will get federal funding, particularly if they use textbooks praising the Dredd Scott Decision.
She is such a weasel
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley for not letting @BetsyDeVosED get away with this admin's standard playing on both sides of an issue. Keep it up!
Keep at it Jeff! Thank you
Thank you for your service, Sen. Merkley! #WeThePeople need you now more than ever!
"No, it will not be allowed.  In areas where the law in unclear we will work to change those laws."  - proper answer.
Michigan's nightmare.
I will answer your question. No it is not. It is called being pro-choice
@cspan @BetsyDeVosED How did we get here! It's blatant ignorance and hate and it's so sad
Isn't there an all gay public high school in NYC? Isn't that discrimination
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley . You are a man of integrity and you were excellent this morning. Keep it up. Devos is a nightmare.
Her sole purpose is to destroy public schools to benefit rich people whose children attend private schools. Redistribution of wealth!
This lady needs to go you and all Americans can see she is not qualified for this position. Boot her out she is for profit herself and fam!!
She's the worst person for this job. A chimp is more qualified!
Republicans are Bigots.
Thank you Senator for defending ALL our children, please keep it up!
She is fake along with pres. Arrest of Reality is proof of HOAX. Revove and #LockThemAllUp
She's not fake. Garfield is fake.  She is a real, evil fucking person.
She is horrible. What a shame for our children.
Get her! Thank you for standing up  for all peoples senator!
Because she WILL allow discrimination. She will hurt our most vulnerable kids. Stop her and her personal agenda! @SenateGOP
She said she will follow the law, if the law is not right the lawmakers need to fix it not her. The blame goes back to Merkley not her
give her points for honesty?
