either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good "shutdown" in September to fix mess!
so much hate in the heart of a former educator. Did you have this much hate in your heart when you were teaching our children?
The heavily dominated left education system has been falling below world averages for decades.
And when I see an educator make such a strong political statement, I am reminded of that belief.
Rooting for you is stupidity.
I couldn't disagree more. Was Ben Franklin wrong when he said he hopes there is a revolution every 7 years??
Obviously you're an idiot!
Says obstructionist
Good advice but you know he only listens to the voices inside of his head!!
Senator, you are what is hurting our country. Stand up for our president like a true patriot or get the hell out!
It's time for a shut down to stop all the pork pay outs
Trump isn't a leader. He's an authoritarian, a dictator. He is a threat to our freedom and constitution. Congress must unite and #impeach45
He is an idiot who thought being @potus would be easy. Calling him incompetent is being nice.
It only hurts government workers, who are bleeding the taxpayer dry anyway
@ayasacidika1 @realDonaldTrump You Sir Are An Embarrassment To AZ & Rest Of Us! Sickening RINO Join DNC NOW Take McCain With
I agree with my president. Those nonessential workers get time off with pay.
If manipulatuve Democrats like U continue 2 threaten a shut down  when you don't get ur way, it's time it gets shut down 2  ur threat. 
It's not about what's good for the people but what's good for him.
But @potus was against a shutdown a few days ago when he tweeted,
As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!
That pesky Constitution keeps getting in the way! I now understand his fascination with dictators!
He's an anarchist. Look at his cabinet & administration.
Neither is constantly rooting for russia. #trumptreason #russiagate
Glad you mention it because Trump keeps showing his true colors. He cares more about his ego, his business and Goldman Sachs than workers.
.@SenJeffMerkley @realDonaldTrump <=How did we get a six year old for a POTUS? Unacceptable!
If anything, that message would be encouraging for Trump to shutdown the government. Hurting the average American appears to be the plan.
So you can golf?
last time the GOP shut down our government it cost taxpayers $24 BILLION~
Rather than a government shutdown, why doesn't @realDonaldTrump resign if he doesn't want to do his job?
He is a petulant toddler that just wants to be able to say "see? see? I told you so". Such a buffoon.
It's time for our President to call the democrats out on their obstruction and resisting. If it takes a shut down so be it. Amer's approve
#StupidOnPurpose Merkley direct proof of need for government shutdown and #TermLimits
Donald Trump is so unfit for office it is a nightmare. When will Republicans stand up to this liar and bully? Americans are waiting.
@Gop would get more respect of they did but it appears they would rather go down with @potus than do the job for which they were elected.
Jeff merkerly started & supported Portland Oregon roit vandalism on his side of politics  in downtown Portland Oregon.. I've got my  say.!!
Americans want affordable healthcare including people with pre-existing conditions.  Fix the #ACA
#the27percent
Dear lord. He's going to ruin us in one year. The POTUS ASKING FOR A GOVT SHUTDOWN.
Hmm? 38,000 liked his tweet and 600 liked yours.
Neither is total obstruction
Message for @SenJeffMerkley : It was the Dems who threatened a shut down just DAYS ago.  Total hypocrisy. #thealtmiddle.net
This is a slum lord trait/tactic DJT has never shook.No matter how many tacky gold curtains he hangs, it won't overcome that distinct stench
DJT is illiterate in the sense that he is incapable learning, unlearning, and relearning. A biological dead end w/out hope for evolution.
It also hurts active duty military. The last one almost got me evicted b/c I didn't get a paycheck so no rent money.
Can we PLEASE stop thinking that they intend for govt to function? The have publicly stated and written they want to destroy it from within.
He rooted for the financial meltdown.  I don't think a govt shutdown will phase him in the least.
Don't worry. It's just the dementia talking. . .
Ummmm yup. Time to worry. It is the dementia talking and the Free World to lead. Ugh. Not good.
Did that tweet even count?

That tweet didn't count if #PresidentBannon didn't OK it.
Shut down the government and the 2018 Dem number and margin of victories grows.
Are you know what is happen in our hemisphere? In Venezuela are killing people, please help them. ASAP Venezuela!
FLIP THOSE SEATS!!!! #MidtermPurge 2018 !!!!
Too long. Too much damage by then.
Gotta remember Senator, it's "shutdown", like "wiretapping".
I love my Oregon senators 
Perhaps a one week massive strike and massive boycotts of Congress personal investment interests will wake ALL of you up. #MarchForTruth

It's almost as if Trump is trying to instigate a second Civil War. He has no understanding of the general populace.
No, but he understands brutality.
Don has little interest in American workers. Despite being the 'great negotiator & unifer' he is lazy & just wants things Easy for Don
Impeach Trump
Y can't U & co-senators do something about this obviously fractured POTUS. USA needs an intervention We R going down in flames Embarrassment
Thank you! He absolutely has to be called out when he says something this stupid. 
What America needs is a good President!
He's not a leader but a Mob Boss. He's basically saying "do what I want or I'll break your knees".
2/2 We are the bosses not the employees of your company. So, 45 needs to get that straight right FN now...
1/2 This is why we have a Checks and Balances system, So we DO NOT have an Authoritarian &/or Dictatorship. You need to work WITH others.
As far as I can tell, he's not done anything that resembles leadership thus far AND it appears he has no intention of leadership in future
Try learning how to spell.
The Republicans control the government. A shutdown is their fault and on their backs, but only hurt the rest of us. We need less, but more
it's also a demonstration of contempt for the presidential oath of office's promise to 'faithfully execute the office of the president'...
So does a senator
Thanks Jeff, what is wrong with him?  Change the rules??? Shutdown?  Truly scared about what is coming with him in power.
ya...that's the way to get votes...Bully the American Voter....not smart...
