After #HurricaneMaria, 3.5mil of our fellow Americans may be w/o power for MONTHS. They need and deserve our help.
Here’s how you can help our friends in Puerto Rico recover from #HurricaneMaria:
Unlike PR as FEMA Dumped Billions into TX+FL the Prez didn't Question THEIR Budgetary Woes as a Condition of Help
AND causing massive divisions between us all with his Twisting of a protest into patriotic bullshit. Modern day Hitler needs to be Fired!
Funny the Governer of PR says the admin has responded quickly so are you lying or is he?
Many "We the people" sort of tired of the rhetoric. Useless Congress! dialing in @UN @UNGeneva
Anyone in U.S. Senate / Congress, pressing #POTUS for support to Puerto Rico?
And then there's the truth. #MerkelyLies
Briefed @POTUS @realDonaldTrump in #SituationRoom and thanked him for his leadership, quick response & commitment to our people  
I think the word is Disgusting.
It's pretty clear that we the common people of this country and under siege by the elites! PR is just their test balloon!
Help Mary, a veteran, with uninsured medical expenses. Read more about her:
Yes 3.5M need emergency care #now #stat #Healthcare
Thanks for being one of the few members of Congress to address this. Graham-Cassidy is dead, let's help PR survive!
All that approved military spending -  Help & Rescue - Desalination, hospital, communication, coast guard, medics - Do it! PR, FL, TX +more
Sir. Please suggest 2 them 2 park an Aircraft Carrier or 2 in port @ Puerto Rico. They generate huge amnts of power, H2O, kitchen & medicals
These are Americans. We have a 700 Billion defense . Use this power and might to help our own. Then rebuild, repeal Jones Act ,PR bailout
I was just going to ask what we can do! Thank you !
Please introduce legislation to bring federal aid to Puerto Rico as soon as you can.
Spotted a #Russian bot.
Right outside of the Dem play book.  Do you ever have an original thought?!
While DEMS support murder of unborn children who can fight for themselves
In 3-2-1 it's the democrat's fault.
And yet u supported Obamacare, ~40,000,000 lost insurance.  30+ million pay IRS fines to buy food!
Right? And he's still tweeting about the NFL. He's the worst.
Despite its population PR is a territory not a state if PR had representatives this would not happen #makePuertoRicoaState
There not ripping it away. We can't afford to pay for everyone and in oregon it was an extra 50k getting it that did not meet the need.
Who's going to help them? What's being done to address their needs?
So write a check Markley.  Those who can't get there only complain and fault those who do.  Little man
We need help NOW in Puerto Rico.
That's why @lisamurkowski need to put her NO on Graham-Cassidy statement out & help to move on to fix ACA  and help PR in a bipartisan way.
And @realDonaldTrump is more concerned with the NFL. Ridiculous!
I call this a crime against humanity.  Plain and simple.
Say it again
Well, politicians must have their http://priorities.Fox  News &Rush Limbaugh wouldn't have it any other way.
Grab a mop and quit bitching
Many of them in PR that because of the hurricane will become ill
And the Virgin Islands, desperate times there too!
You have been working hard at purely partisan endeavors.  Work for the betterment of ALL, please!
Thing is you know if they did strip health care from millions they wouldn't suddenly start funding programs for Puerto Rico
They don't realize their job is on the line here. We WILL vote you out of office. We WILL NOT forget you wanted millions of us to die.
That's Trumps distraction tactic.
Puerto Rican's are hurting, they serve in OUR military, they fight and die for OUR country, they are OUR fellow Americans! GET THEM HELP!
DO SOMETHING!
3 uncles served #Vietnam, a brother served 12 yrs #USNavy, cousins are #PoliceOfficers...OUR FAMILIES R IN #PR!!!
@MarkRuffalo @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump My Dad is a #Veteran having served 20+ yrs in the #USNavy as a Seabee. He's in #PR!
https://twitter.com/silvercreeklady/status/912432804683583488 …
@gop wants to kill Americans in more ways. Especially disabled, those sick with cancer, diabetes, heard disease + POC
Unacceptable that our press is more worried about NFL knee-gate
Thank you Senator for speaking out. You make Oregon proud.
And American Virgin Islands

Jimmy Kimmel Doesn't Like Anyone Lying About Obamacare .....OKAY Splain THIS OBAMA LIE 36 Times #WednesdayWisdom @jimmykimmel 
ABSOLUTELY UNACCEPTABLE that @SenateDems & RHINO SWAMP REPUBLICANS will not REPEAL The biggest FRAUD ever perpetrated on AMERICA, the "ACA"
Stop your fake news. Do your research on how many peeps are on Ocare. Stop being a drama queen it looks silly on you.
Thank you, Senator. Please keep up the pressure!
Thank you for that focus being brought to where it needs to be!
You just want to sidestep the problem so you don't have to deal with it.
@GOP is more concerned with helping their evil overlords in corporate healthcare than helping sick Americans.
#CrookedDonald
PLEASE (at the very least) SEND THE USS COMFORT IMMEDIATELY
@GOP Appalling. I'm still trying to figure out why the GOP is in government when all they choose to do is inflict great harm on Americans
They already financed recovery 100%  you probably missed that while  trying to make a name for yourself. Quit complaining and do something.
It's called LIBERAL HYSTERICAL PROPAGANDA... that's all the Dems have!
Agree Sen Merkley. The lack of priorities is shameful at best. Thank you for common sense. We need more of this
Less people to kill that's their angle, first global warming and their denial now healthcare or the Republican death sentence. #UpliftPR
Heath care is unaffordable now
You created this mess. It's on you.
Not so
LOL... it's so sad you are brainwashed by #liberalHYSTERICALpropaganda
while putting our lives in danger with NK..
actually what's more unacceptable is his obsession with the NFL as Americans in PR suffer & as he tries to take health care away
They are consistent though, Senator.
I just tweeted them same thing wanna talk #unamerican.thats @GOP @HouseGOP
PR & USVI are @senategop 's test case for what they want to do to the rest of us.
Funny that most here are completely ignoring facts
It should just be OP- nothing Good about it except a few who puts country over party.
and they still refuse to begin an impeachment case against Trump's abuse of power as President
And directing the disabled to be dragged out of hearing
And engaging in twitter wars with the NFL and NBA.
Every senator should drop everything run around shouting the sky is falling instead.
Like Forrest Gump said, stupid is as stupid does . . .
What have the Democrats but resisting?  FEMA is there now..did you not know that?  Also Dominica, St. Martin...https://www.fema.gov/news-release/2017/09/24/federal-response-teams-assisting-puerto-rico-and-us-virgin-islands …
Exactly but they would rather lie to sheep.
medicare for all is your solution. A 2 tier healthcare system: care for the haves and no care for the have nots.
A lot of ppl are missing that why PR aid isn't even 2b discussed for 2-3 wks is that tax cuts 4 wealthy are ONLY important thing 2 Repubs.
Please push Congress to act quickly to get relief for Puerto Rico. And keep up the good work fighting for the ACA!
Why?
Rippping.  You misspelled "giving them the ability to choose if they want healthcare."  Most would leave with no mandate. #liar
Yawn keep lying
I want you to sincerely ask your colleagues if they even know Puerto Ricans are US citizens.
How many 'NO' votes are needed??
Why care about a group your constituents have no idea is part of America when you can undo something Obama championed.  I say, fook 'em!
