Like father, like daughter. So much for #MadeInAmerica week…
Maybe if you didn't vote for such huger taxes it would have made more business sense to be made in America? It's why you're not in business
Wow!  I bet you can't say anything else low class.
No I can't. You're right again. Pat yourself on the back. I'm sure you do that a lot.
You are correct.  I'm getting tired of winning!
Yeah, and that's why you started losing.
?!? Replying to that would be like trying to pick up a turd by the clean end.
Trump won because people like you were so self absorbed in distinguishing themselves as noble & intellectual superior. It's your Narcissism
Not much has been #MadeInAmerica since Clinton & Dems took big bucks to make it both legal & profitable to kill middle class
Yup! Fake President!
That was then.... and now is made in the USA 
Ugh NO none of his or Ivanka's Items are made in America. Nor are his presidential items.
Making bold statements without supporting facts makes you an idiot and not believable
Um, don't you think @POTUS is trying to fix that? Name me a high-end #textile operation in the US. I dare you.

#Opportunist 
Wish you had picture of those damn red hats selling for 50.00. Hope he does not appear this week wearing one.
I ordered one for all the family
Guess they all take turns wearing it?
How cares....the can be naked for all I care. Just keeping his promises is enough
Wasn't Mexico supposed to pay for the wall?
typical liberal narrative! #maga 
Not a lib narrative, it's not a narrative at all. #Hypocrites named trump

"Six months in - it is the hope of GROWTHthat is making AmericaFOUR TRILLION DOLLARSRICHER." -Stuart @VarneyCo
https://instagram.com/p/BWz90ClgzNv/  
You're out of touch.... you and the rest of your cohorts have made it impossible for " Made in America" in the past......
I'm a @POTUS @realDonaldTrump supporter & agree with this 100%. He should pull his clothing line & have it made here in USA. #hypocritical
He is working for America now
You in Congress and the Senate better jump on board soon.....if you don't we'll ban you from the train......
Ok..
wow, in time things will b available made in AMERICA again. More left ugly brainwashing tactics-keep losing
Trump's we're doing business according to laws already in place. They're probably in the process of changing all that.
Shut up
Senator, why do you not understand why we elected Donald Trump?! We want change!!!
Hell at least they have products made .What do you do other than talk talk talk.He explained during the campaign
People like you are so negative.  Your party will never understand.
knit picking like an old hagg.He's helping the country and it's http://citizens.You  are complaining about wardrobe
Gotta Start Somewhere! Proud of @POTUS
Blatant Liar.
Why don't you find out what Hillary did with donated Haitian $$$, Bernie Sanders family stealing $$$, Obama's Iran pymt...
What's taken time to do will take time to undo. Is there anything the Trump family does that you won't hate? Pitiful u r. Trump WON #MAGA 
When the devil reminds you of your past remind him of his future. I too bought foreign to save money. No More! Glad 2 see him change! @Maga
You can pick on Trump everyday!  This is about one country under God! This is a movement demanded by the working class!
@POTUS,Trumps word mean nothing until those jobs are done by Americans, not very low wage workers or child labor. Stop being a liar Trump.
Let's not 4get @IvankaTrump #TrumpFamilyLiarsINC #Hypocrites
Help This RIGHT Here go viral:
#MAGA is Fraud
#Cult45 is Detoxing
#NoSalute45 is Forever
#TheResistance is Proudly ~
#MadeInAmerica
Globalist Puppet
This is fabulous. This is what Trump means: Let's make me great again.
Sounds to me you're using Ridicule of the very things you're guilty of. Typical Leftist tactic by @SenJeffMerkley
Apparently you're not smart enough 2 realize then citizen Trump sold his name or R u just Lying because that's all u Leftist Lunatics have

If you don't like products made in other countries, don't buy them and quit you whining
Instead of criticizing, why don't you and your team do something useful for a change?
Can somebody name the companies that make suits in America for example who makes three pieces in America how many textile companies are left
That's for damn sure
The hypocrisy couldn't be more glaringly obvious.
Senator, did you take ECON 101 or history???
because Trump creatd NAFTA and horrible trade deals?  Because Trump created the taxes and regulations that drove mfg out of USA? Come on SEN
Facts do not matter
Senator Merkley & his Dem colleagues prefer a trade deficit so we can bankrupt USA. Obstructionists responsible for poor GDP the last 8 yrs
Really!!! Lol lol!!!! 
Amen.
Was using Chinese steel in Trump projects during the campaign. He's such a colossal hypocrite!
His response? Basically that it makes him a smart person. He wants to deregulate things like safety. Basically he's an hypocritical asshole
now that Obama is gone and so his corrupted team, and hopefully U, now @realDonaldTrump can push to #MadeInAmerica again.
when the Obama government didn't aloud you do "made in America" the @realDonaldTrump and others had to survive elsewhere
This has got to be a bot with a bold ass lie like this
Bwahahahaha get lost Merk!
He's trying to change things.  Your party has made near impossible to compete in USA for goods and service.  Get a grip on OR pulse!
Love you, Merck.
I Won't buy Anything Unless Made in USA. Fukishima farmers don't Want to sell their food. Read women are kept prisoner in China factories.NO
#maca
Make America Cry Again?
That works. Or Making Americans Cretins Again.
Amen Honorable Senator Merkley
...and this is the difference between whining and winning #MAGA
What's your shirt say, Jeff???
And your liberal point is? It's amazing you made senator or wait no it's not you guys have dead and illegal voters. He is promoting USA made
Not saying everything is USA as we know it's hard to have any American made company's since Democrats sent most jobs and company's abroad!
Get your fellow rhino together and support or president 
Just like Hillary said. Not to do so would be a injustice to the constitution .
Hey all that makes 8 years ago, but not for American in the future!
Seriously. With all that's going on. Don't give a shit about that. He's trying to make country work for all and all you can do is post shit
Um thought You Can't use profanity?!
How many clothes are actually Made in the USA? Only tailor made clothes perhaps? Rarely do i see clothes made here.
The point is that you cannot Scream'Made in America' or you will pay huge tariffs, when all Trump's and Ivanka's products are made overseas.
Democrats should be last to talk about healthcare! You destroyed the people's who earned it!
You know what Merkley how you ever got elected is beyond me. Your a liberal POS who delights at downtown Portland riots!
Amen
suggest you read the Oregonian about the scope manufacturer

We traced every cargo ship carrying Ivanka Trump's goods back to Jan. 2016. Look at 'em go! http://wapo.st/ivanka-inc  
Make America Great Again. Check your labels, there Are companies Made in America. Cheap $ person buying , hypocrisy. Why $$$ buy cheap?
#EXACTLY
Let's add Ms Moderating Influence, sweatshop princess @IvankaTrump
So @realDonaldTrump wants the wall to be transparent so the 60-pound bags of Trump clothing getting thrown over the wall don't hit US?
I'm surprised they don't just use fake tags, like everything else they do.
@POTUS doesn't have time for his own hypocrisy, he has to tweet, golf, & watch  & friends.Other companies need to stay in America though
Just a reminder, Trump buys his steel from the Chinese. #CrookedDonald
And they buy our cooper.
I'll bet there is asbestos in that material.
History.  Try to keep up.
Trust me it's a joke
Thank you, Senator!
burn all that shit

I'm sure they will pass a law to remove the requirement for product labels & country of origin soon. #maga #MadeInAmericaWeek
Or just hire people to take the labels off, JOBS, JOBS, JOBS, #MadeInAmericaWeek
smart politicians would be tweeting pics of products made in their  state but whatevs...
I'm sure the fine Senator has done everything to foster an atmosphere suited for manufacturing here- fought regulations, taxes, energy polic
It SHOULD bother you too. What has been done, not much. The companies who said they r staying r also laying off or moving. What abt that?
I am more concerned about being duped by these liberal idiots for the past 8 years. If this is the best they have, we are all in trouble.
Proud American (and so am I, BTW) - we have to get beyond the labels of "Liberals" & "Conservatives" - and get back to Country First.
I agree 100% Problem is, can America do it...I dunno, I think it might be too late.
The only thing that I see in your pix that is made in America is your finger, Nice work keeping an American employed!
Thank you. Good to know sane people exist up there!
You are so positive as usual Merkley.   You have lost my vote but I suspect you don't care. Do some real work!!
Amen to THAT
You make a good point. But why look at the past and not applaud his (potential) change of heart? Isn't it good what he's doing?
I'll believe his good intentions the moment he or Ivanka announce that their production facilities are moving here. Past time for potential.
Well put.
And you're the last trafficker for Oregon.
Drumph is the ultimate hypocrite. Bar none.
Yes u know him. He has made promise which can't be said for others. Who cares if America does well. Irs just our jobs
#MadeInAmericaWeek  Is this a thing yet?
Right now - why do u think he got to sit in a fire truck yesterday?

Sen Merkley, our President's merchandise is manufactured in foreign countries, his lies are made fresh in the USA daily.
What sort of loser buys products with the word "Trump" on them anyway? I mean, even if you're in a casino, how depressed must you be?
A proud Americans
Not as clueless as you 
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaahahahahahahaha!!!
#somuchwinning
True.

Also? His presidency was made in Russia.
Proof please?
