Sen. Jeff Merkley says he's planning on holding the Senate floor *all night* to protest Judge Gorsuch & a 'stolen' SCOTUS seat —via @MSNBC 
Obama and Hillary Clinton VOTED FOR Neil Gorsuch

News http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8064412/1/ …

Democrats are the biggest hypocrites
They are! And if they only knew how much of a turn off to people this crap is. Do ur jobs and leave the pettiness behind for the love of God
U cannot call Dems in the Senate hypocrits just because BHO & HRC voted 4 him. The hypocrits r the Repubs who stole this seat frm Garland!
All of the Democrats in the Senate voted for Neil Gorsuch in 2006

Was he any different then
How many Republicans voted for Merrick Garland?
U mean Sotomayor and kagan? They got a lot .... or do they not count?
Merrick Garland
Sotomayor and kagan? Nothing to say about that? Figures pick and choose what fits ur narrative and leave the rest out.
Why they want to waste their time is beyond me. Is there seriously nothing better they can be focusing on?
At this point this is the best possible use of their time there is and you should be grateful to them for trying to protect you.
I'm not grateful and they def aren't protecting me!
Oregon loves us some Merkley 
STILL GOING STRONG!  We're behind you @SenJeffMerkley!
Hypocrites! This is exactly what's wrong with America, biting off your nose to spite your face. Screw you Booker and Merkley   
If only some of your GOP colleagues actually listened to the arguments and voted with their conscience and not with the party line.
What a shame! Judge Gorsuch is a fantastic choice to be on the Supreme Court! Also the best for all of us, including you Senator Booker!
Right
Indeed. Where's ACTION from his Dem colleagues? Dems should boycott the Senate & refuse to participate until Mr. Garland gets a hearing!
Proud to be an Oregonian!
Thank you Senator Merkley. We see you and hear you fighting for The Republic.
God bless you!! Sen. Merkley..watched on c-span..fell asleep.. you didn't!!
Thank you for fighting for our freedoms!
THANK YOU!
Mr. Booker, I am a NJ resident and have met you. You're a good man. We need to approve Judge Gorsuch. We need to heal.

We need many many more like him.
Please join him Senator.  We cannot allow Gorsuch to be confirmed.  His views are too extreme.
Gorsuch was approved of by Bush & Obama. Do we really want to see who Trump picks if we deny Gorsuch?? Let's be realistic people.
We are all behind you #holdthefloor #StopGorsuch #Trumprussia
And again, this is why you have lost over 1,000 seats nationally in govt in 8 yrs.
In the most literal sense!
@peterdaou @SenJeffMerkley Senator Merkley!!
A waste of time GOP going to drop a nuclear bomb on y'all
@kylegriffin1 @MSNBC thanks Cory! Make that same commitment to Medicare for All.
Thank You Sen.Booker for making a stand -We hope to stop by today to thank you in person @BlueWave_NJ @nj11forchange
Thank you Senate Dems!  No potus under FBI investigation for treason should be allowed to appoint Supreme Court judge
Thank you Senator Jeff Merkley#HoldTheFloor #StopGorsuch
Thank you for your tireless work !
Your Opposition to @GorsuchNeil  is hypocritical and political. Watching your record CB. Be different and become the change. #DraintheSwamp
You #dimms are pathetic. How you love to drag good people through the mud with smiles on your faces. #therealdeplorables  #shameful
He's not making a stand; he's making an ASS out of himself; Do u realize these kind of things are WHY we have trump??  Good god stop this!!
Jeff is a REAL patriot.  Can't let POTUS whose under investigation for treason pick one of judges that may preside over his case.
sure but is it #righteousness ?
Stand up to the GOP!! Filibuster this vote. #IamWithSenMerkley
And btw, the dem leadership will guarantee 8 years of trump and u know it; clean ur own house out or lose big time in 2 and 4 years
Problem: Our govt no longer obeys the will of the people. In fact, it directly countermands the will of the majority in every possible way.
The seat was stolen. Fight fire with fire.

Ur party is not Democratic Party anymore; it's filled with hatred toward anyone ; search ur soul, sir; you know it's true
And you oppose him WHY, senator??? Oh that's right, Merri k Garland! I agree it wasn't fair but you are voting no on a GOD fearing man;shame
Losers!
@kylegriffin1 @MSNBC he will be voted in. They don't need u. #nuclear! Thank the Lord for options
SUPPORT HIM
Amazing! Good luck sir. I'm with you
What stolen seat isn't it called the Biden rule also Schumer said there should be no Judge for the Supreme Court chosen in a Presidential yr
Can you help & tag team him?
but @GOP won't care and run over the vote
Remember all the years  Republicans harped about Biden 'borrowing'  words from Kinnock? Not a word about slimey Gorsuch
Keep up the good fight, hydrate, and stay limber.
Shame on you and your political sellouts. Qualifications do not matter to you and yours. Searching for witches as in medieval times??
But shouldn't we have justices that make decisions off the rule of law and the constitution?
Go you good thing  we need Heroes
@SenJeffMerkley Hang in there! We are behind you! #NoGorsuch
THIS is how it's done, @SenDonnelly. Do better - Us Hoosiers deserve better from you. #EarnOurVote #DontGiveIn
Good man has come to the aid of his country.
Proud to have senator Merkley as my senator!
thank you Oregon senator!
Go Oregon!!! Together we stand, we fight, we protect our. Morals and Values or Goodbye, no more poli, no more lies!!
Why don't you be honest about your roots in the Phalangist fascist "Lebanese Forces" you were never conscripted
Proud to be From Oregon 
as a dem, who  doesn't agree w R agenda, trying to understand what's gained? Definitely time and effort is loss
#GorsuchPlagiarism
That's cause Jeff is the man! So proud to be an Oregonian 
Hold the floor as if your life depended on it! And thank you!
The guy from Oregon!
keep it up!!!! #StopGorsuch
PS please run for pres Cory.
make. them. go. nuclear.  cause we're in the majority again in 18 short months -
@kylegriffin1 @MSNBC Block Gorsuch!
This is troubling. This man is a better pick than Garland was by a mile. We should be voting % across the board for him. Party politics 
Why dont you jump in a relieve him?
 so...why aren't you out there supporting him.
@kylegriffin1 @MSNBC please support gorsuch
That's our guy!!!!  Go Oregon!  Love @SenJeffMerkley
Why not join in, Senator?
#Recall
Yep. That's my senator @JeffMerkley way to go!
We're in your corner as you fight for us! Thank you!
he is for the people not you, everything Trump wants to do is for the people is not for you Do you care about the people or just politics?
My Senator!!!!!!!!!!!   No Gorsch.  Vote Garland!!!!!!!!!
That's #mysenator @SenJeffMerkley making Oregon proud tonight. Thank you Senator Merkley!
will be judge and the COUNTRY couldn't ask for a better judge At least he will be RESPECTFUL to our President more than any democrat is
Great theater. We should try this at NJPAC.
What is the strong statement? Oh because he is a republican? Or you wouldn't be able to control him for the democratic use? No matter what
sen booker what happens next. Is there anything else than can be done to stop this nomination?
OREGUN!!!!
Yes. 
Thank you, Senator Merkley. One of my grandsons has autism and I find Gorsuch unacceptable.
Lets all move to Oregon
Ummm...no. Work for the right representation in your state...
Thank You Jeff!! can't say it enough!
That's my Senator!!!
Merkley supported Bernie he's not a #CorporateDem like Booker
You're up next, right? RIGHT?????
You misspelled "waste of time"
And becoming a laughing stock of the senate. Way to go senator your truely making Oregon a national joke
Thankful that SOMEONE is taking a stand!!!!
#holdthefloor
Thank you Senator Merkley  An American hero
Why aren't any other senators?
Mr Booker this filibuster is such a waste of valuable time and money. You guys get to actual work.
I hope the others help him out.
Pick up the ball and keep the floor so that NO vote might ever be taken!  #resist
Well at least we can say one politician is working maybe 40 hours in a month. Just another liberal obstructionist out to destroy America
Thank you.  Republicans would never even give #MerrickGarland a hearing.  Paid to block..hes connect 2 dark money.
I am so proud right now! Thank you!
Stay strong democrats!!!
Yet NC's @SenThomTillis is apparently not witnessing @SenJeffMerkley #holdthefloor as he is tweeting about how #Gorsuch is "mainstream."
Not!
Is this fight really worth it? By Fri he'll be nominated & the Rep's will implement the Reid rule. Is all of this tit 4 tat a way 2 govern?
It ain't gonna happen my brother. Gorsuch will be sworn in.
Lots of business-minded brotherhood going on for someone who wants to drain the swamp.
I work with government.  It's a major swamp.
Congratulations, you didn't understand a word I said :)
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley for supporting the American people! Yes, you chose to stand for us in a time such as this!
All I've seen is a group of whiners that continue to loose not just in DC but across the country.  LOL.
ABA has given him its top rating Even the solicitor 4 Obama wrote in the NYT that if the Senate is to confirm anyone he should be at the top
Strong stand on being a D bag
Thank you!!!
Thank you Sen Merkley.  We appreciate your patriotism 
HOLD THE FLOOR!

#ReidOption
@peterdaou @SenJeffMerkley we support you, THANK YOU!!!
No he's not.. Making an ass of himself and making you all look like sore losers isn't strong!!
So you're prepared to step up and fight for #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll  RIGHT! @Medicare_ForAll @singlepayer
And by Friday, Judge Gorsuch will be Justice Gorsuch. Good thing there's not anything more important 4 dems to do, right? Enjoy ur tantrum.
What a patriot!
A hero!
Now this is a Senator I wish we had in #Arizona ! Vote out .@JeffFlake #Flakeout2018
He can keep his seat until Thursday
Perhaps one way to hold a filibuster is to call on the public for testimony to read. You'd have to vet it, but there should be no end to it.
Go Merkley.  Finally a politician I can like.
He better hope his campaign coffers are filled up after this much futile effort.
Cory who else is on the floor?  Anyone there to take over?  He can yield for questions, yes?
Why aren't you doing the same?
My thought is, no nominations for lifetime appointments from a POTUS under criminal investigation for treason.
Too bad that you didn't stand up against #BigPharma Sen. Booker. Just another greeedy hack politician
 SHAME
One good thing about Dems.  They never step out of line, even when they're going over a cliff!
He's just wasting everybody's' time.
Btw we had the votes to kill Garland and we did dummy
Also dumbo next time we vote no on  Sotomyer and Zjagan and RBGs. You better have 51 senators bc no more deference. U killed it w/ thiscrap
God bless you.
I appreciate the Senator's stand! I am #TheResistance
Which will result in what, exactly? Grandstanding, waste of time; what else is new?
When isT-bone going to inspire your speech?
BRAVO'S BRAVO'S BRAVO'S BRAVO'S
get word to him on the floor -->
Gorsuch accepting nom per se disqualifies him bc he supports Senate's abdication of const'l duty for own benefit instead of upholding const
Go  @SenJeffMerkley!!!!! @kylegriffin1 @MSNBC
Thank u @SenJeffMerkley - u r a patriot! Does the Senate accept pizza deliveries?
it happens..... but what you neglect to see mr booker is that he was almost unanimously voted in at the second highest judge seat
Maybe some of you can go help the guy out, just saying. Love ya though, really!
FYI
Support you every step of the way. This was Pres. Obama's seat to fill - don't let the Republicans steal it.
.You do realize that there's literally nothing the hypocritical Dems can do to stop Gorsuch rightfully being confirmed, right?
you guys are ridiculous. And not fooling anyone with common sense.
#BoycottFox & those who advertise on Fox,  a culture of lies. "opposite of family values" condoning sexual harassment.
Oppose that fucker.

Someone might wanna hand him a copy of this article right now:
NEW @BresPolitico @burgessev: Gorsuch copied structure & language used by others and failed to cite source in book http://www.politico.com/story/2017/04/gorsuch-writings-supreme-court-236891 …
is this a short straw kind of thing?  Go Jeff!!!
Really?  A strong statement would be to demand his removal from the 10th circuit if he's so terrible.
And why aren't you there with him, Senator?
How do you know he isn't? I don't know...just wondering how or if you do.
you're fighting the wrong battle
