We shouldn’t accept massacres as the price of living in America. We can do better and still respect Second Amendment rights.
When you have weapons of war in wide circulation, you get war-like casualty counts. Not what the Founders had in mind.
House bill for easier access to silencers = more carnage in these kinds of shootings. Terrible idea.
Criminals will obtain weapons regardless of what laws and regulations are passed. Hence why they are criminals.
what a stupid statement.
U mean get the guns away from the bad people and up hold the law of the land to not have automatic weapons?  Yes, puppet that would be good!
Your party had the votes in 2009.

Why weren't you shaming your peers who voted against gun control YEARS AGO, when Obama had the helm?
Senator, do you have an answer to this? Or, as with the rest of the 2017 politicians--would you rather TWEET than do any real work?
You have the nerve to say this when oregon signed into law abortions up to term and your murdering thousands of unborn children.  Hypocrite
You are ill informed.
How many more democrats need to be voted out before they realize that their job is to protect the rights of innocent peopel
You're a Senator, lead the charge to change the legislature! Stand up against the NRA and don't take no for an answer from your colleagues
It's not the gun  A violent person will use whatever is available pipe  knife  vehicle we have already seen this
How many more? I'll tell you.. thousands more, and the NRA and their captives in the congress could care less, they don't freaking care!!
STOP IT: Misguided socialist democrats like you @SenJeffMerkley don't realize that #1 weapon to kill in US are clubs! Ban hammers and bats?
No, the #1 weapon are armed morons that scream about socialists and democrats.  How many guns do you have?
I'M SWORN TO PROTECT & DEFEND THE US CONSTITUTION AGAINST ALL ENEMY'S FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC: Where are your allegiances sir?
Well, that's real nice, BillyBob. Good for you. I'm sure that makes you feel 'special', but we don't need u for that. Btw, that's "enemies".
Enemy’s is also correct… English is my first language smart one!
They ain't coming! Is also the way to use the word ain't correctly... So put that in your paper and smoke it troll! I see your unarmed wit!
Bot. No way is English this guy's first language
THIS BOT: Just read about 500 of your tweets and replies... I see your a social megaphone broadcasting hate speech.. https://twitter.com/fabulouseileen/with_replies …
What action do you feel you can take to meaningfully reduce gun violence?
My heart hopes there are no more. My head says there will be more. Many more.
Americans killing Americans based on a right written in 1700’s (when rifles were single shot muzzle loaders) amendment it to reflect 1 shot
U cry for change before the facts are known? Spend some time on the heros of the day, puppet! Ur DNC agenda can wait until we know the facts
only should it hit close2 home will their thinking change. just like the band member who says close to home chg'd his views abt gun/control
So what is Congress DOING? You are all pigs at the NRA trough.
NRA: "How many you got?"
Give prayers, Give hope, Give blessings, Don't give warnings they don't work@2amendmentforever
Unless it will happen to their children they will make a change
Yes. Put MEDICARE FOR ALL in place. We need mental health care for EVERYONE. Stop putting profit before people. Please.
Ridiculous. We need mental health care for ALL. We need MEDICARE FOR ALL.
Yes indeed. We can count on you to take some real action, Senator!
Children burying their parents, too.
#StopTheHate? Try hashtagging #StopTheNRA! ! ! @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr #LasVegas . . .
How would "gun laws" have prevented this shooting?
Hmmm, lets see, how many senators voted against gun control ? How many are supporting silencers? Thats probably the number.
Sadly, keep counting, Jeff.
That is a very naive statement.
Stop using this tragedy to push your anti gun agenda you pig! We have a right to bear arms & WE WILL!  Work on mental health issues instead!
Ban weapons that came be made automatic, ban silencers, ban large clips.
More gun laws aren't going to stop anyone from getting guns Jeff they will fin a way around your laws to get them
Going by that logic, why bother having laws against anything as long as there are people out there who are going to break them?
this guy could have wiped out most of congress.
Every politician taking advantage of an adversity to propogate his own agenda.
Yes, please pass a law that requires criminals and terrorists to follow our gun laws.
Thank you!
There will be no action by Congress until corrupt GOP is voted put.
@June4Wanda stricter gun laws now! @HouseGOP only care about the $ they make off NRA!! Vote them Out
Stop using tragedy for your personal political agenda. You should be ashamed of yourself!
Senator , Misplaced priorities and the realization that inanimate objects don't Kill people ..hmm  Alcohol and Illegal Drugs ?
Exactly.
THE NRA AND THE "KOCK"  BROTHERS OWN CONGRESS. NOTHING WILL  CHANGE UNTIL VOTERS CHANGE THEIR VOTES.
Congressmen were targeted not too long ago and they still did nothing. Don't hold your breath.
Congress needs to stop the sell of illegal guns
Millions lost their healthcare so obviously they don't care about children in this country.
Literally Thousands 
I don't think there is a number that could satisfy them. It's like human sacrifice is their bread & butter. At least for the NRA it is.
tell me your solution genius...how would you have prevented this?  Don't act a gun knowitall because you aren't
It's going to be a hell of a lot more. The NRA has deep pockets
WE HAVE LAWS TO PREVENT THIS TYPE OF EVENT, HOWEVER, LIBERALS PREVENT ENFORCEMENT!!!
Can’t you please cite the specific laws you are referencing?

How about Congress addresses HEALTHCARE with proper attention to mental illnesses that can affect everyone's public safety?
Will you raise this issue in Congress? Will you bring change? Will you work to convince your ppl on the other side of the room to make radical change? #enough
This type of gun is illegal...just like those in  Chicago..what would you suggest?
Price to pay to own guns, as long as your 2a continues to exist in times when it's not needed, the more this will continue. #RIPNRA
Do what congress usually does throw money at it and screw the citizens out of their 2nd amendment rights.
How do you stop someone that doesn't follow the laws? Create more laws they won't follow
They only care about unborn babies, not anyone else
It’s not Congress it’s the GOP.
Congress would not need to protect the kids your crying about if the parents were armed and trained on proper handgun use.
How many indeed. if DEAD BABIES in a grammar school in CT couldn't do it. EVIL NRA OWNS CONGRESS - PERIOD!
If you idiots want to destroy the constitution and make this country like Cuba why don't you just move there and leave our rights alone.
So what's your plan. Infringe on our constitutional rights? Or let me guess take guns away from law abiding citizens while criminals keep it
There is no limit. Nothing will be too much. Just watch.
Time is NOW for that discussion of GUN CONTROL, not for a moment of SILENCE.
We must stop the relationship between the NRA and the GOP to even get this off the ground.It's the cruelest greed of all #StopTheViolence


YOU’RE there....you tell us. As long as the NRA owns the GOP we’re at an impasse. American citizens be damned.
#GunControlNow
The NRA is  a Terrorist group.  Name it and dismantle it.
Just tell the police to,enforce laws on books which they will not do in some cities now.
We keep going backwards legislatively. Let's do something substantive instead of praying and apologizing and placating.
  NOW is the time to talk about gun control.
Trump signs bill reversing Obama rule to ban gun purchases by mentally ill 

https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2017/02/28/trump-sign-bill-blocking-obama-gun-rule/98484106/ …

probably the same amount needed to ban cars because of reckless drivers...
@CAPActionGuns
Well senator, it's never their Kids, and there's more money for them when they block gun bills. Nobility cares little for the peasants
How would you do this without constitutional rights violations?
amend the constitution
Over turn citizens united!
Your right we should vette people better, kick out gang's, illegals, and then we should fire congress for all b.s. and lies!
Unfortunately your voice of common sense is lost in this governing body! Look at who we have as president?
How many more blacks in Chicago have to die before blacks stop killing other blacks? Senator, my question is as stupid as yours is.
Using children as political ammunition is disgusting. Politicians will exploit any event to gain more power, you're disgusting
. Your colleagues and staff were shot and it didn't change anything.
Then do something about it

Too many people have accepted the normality of mass slaughter as a necessary sacrifice to an amendment written when guns held 1 bullet.

Yes Jeff, you keep your security detail. Your so special. And we are not..
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley
Stop taking money from the @NRA @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr 
Las Vegas, Orlando, Sandy Hook, http://V.Tech ...
Columbine. When does it end? Assault rifles are not used for hunting, only killing human beings. #WhenDoesItStop
Hate cannot be legislated. Liberal fools.
It’s allllllll about the money. NRA funds the GOP with hundreds of millions of dollars.
Sadly the only time Congress will take real action, is if the Congressmen/women are the parents burying their children.  #lvshooting
No law will ever stop violence
Liberals killing conservatives to enhance gun control does not make sense! Worked great for these guys!!!
And for the Political Leaders 2 remove Mr. Fake Pres:TRUMP.
All of em... because nobody trust lying politicians like you with power over an unarmed populace
Why does it have to be either everyone armed, or no one armed? Most of us would just like to see a lot fewer assault weapons available.
Apparently all of them
One guy goes crazy with rifles and its everyone owning a gun's fault. it's possibly false flag for a gun grab. All the dems suddenly spokeup
That's exactly what it is. FEMA already killing people in hurricane areas and homeless.
Thank you! #GunControlNow #NoAssualtRifles
Guns don't kill people. Gun laws kill people.

#BlametheNRA @NRA
No semi-automatic weapons
#vegasshooting #stephenpaddock #mandalaybayattack
NRA distorts constitution to try to grow.   NRA seeks growth - shame on politicians for buying in! As SCOTUS Berger says - the NRA is a con.
"Bullets kill men.....Dry up the ammunition factories"....DR ALBERT EINSTEIN
As long as we are saving people from Themselves how about Alcohol, Illegal Drugs, alcohol-related deaths Kill thousands  .. EVERY year .
When candidates quit taking campaign funds from the NRA.
We have a president whose Focus is the American people we also have a swamp the doesn't want the president to protect us
only bottom feeders try to further their careers on someone else's tragedy.
Why didn't you ask Obozo that question, you fool.
Really? Politicizing before we even have a body count? Shame! Not to mention, our CURRENT laws should have prevented this. YOU #Stopthehate
It will take those with the real power to change laws losing their own loved ones to a mass shooting, unfortunately.
Exactly!!! No person should be able to have 10 guns!!!!!
Yup something needs to be done about gun control   this is happening too often senseless deaths.  absolutely horrific.
The guy was a convert to  Radical extremist and also a ISIS affiliate from what  I hear . ISIS also bragged awhie ago the would hit Vegas
FBI said they found no connection to Islamic extremists
They have said that a lot of times Isis just claimed responsibility. For the worst massacre in American history
The first question to be answered is "How many members of congress & white house take money/donations/gifts in kind from NRA?" Votes bought.
NRA $$$ > HUMAN LIFE

Congress cannot solve problems. They are bought and sold.
How's that working out for Chicago,New Orleans or Detroit?
If he used full-auto, which appears to be the case, they were banned from sale in 1986 unless Feds give permission to the buyer. Did he have federal approval?
They’re easily modifiable to full auto.
Even with the slide fire, which is a silly gadget, the gun remains semi-auto. Apparently this person did make an actual, illegal, fullauto modification because criminals ignore laws.
Which is also a frighteningly easy thing to do. #GunContolNow
Same tired rhetoric..... 50+ political pawns who no longer have a voice for the shameless dems.  Disgusting
Trumpsky & republican congress made it easier for mentally ill to get guns. I doubt they will change. Lovers of NRA & human violence.
Constitution 2nd Amendment
When do you plan to stop being protected by people with guns? Why is it okay for you but not us?

We must begin with #MedicareForAll! #MentalIllness is treatable! #health @SenSanders @SenWarren
It seems so obvious, so common sense-why would our lawmakers refuse to make laws that protect our children? Then you remember NRA$$
and it's obvious that I don't believe Democrats can win in 2018 or the election next month
Shame on you to push political narrative with Americans dead.., #shameondems
What kind of action could reduce gun violence?
Get NRA out of Washington so they don't have more influence then people's lives
Congress, as currently constituted, is incapable of taking this action--even if it privately recognizes the need. God help us.
Jeff...YOU are part of Congress....DO SOMETHING other than Tweet these questions.   How about draft legislation by 2 pm this afternoon?
Ask President Koch and Mercer
That’s a question for the @NRA my guess is all of them, but who knows with those monsters
