Our health care system is too complicated and stressful. Too many Americans slip through the cracks. We need a simple, seamless system.
Everyone in America deserves to get the health care they need, when they need it, without going bankrupt getting it. #MedicareForAll
We must ensure that every American finally gets the health care that they need and that they deserve. We must pass #MedicareForAll.

Oh no the sky is falling but the jokes on you when you land in hospital and pay over 100 thousand dollars for it. I was saved for dollars
Name ONE, JUST ONE country with Socialized Medicine that is not getting drowned in debt.. The best one has 52% income tax with 25% sales tax
medicare for all equals doctors for none.
I got doctors quick and easily when I needed them. Maybe you should stop seeking help for the sniffles.
I don't see a doctor for sniffles. Blood clots in lungs and heart failure yes I see a doctor.
So you'd rather pay the corporations for the same services that we could pay much less for as a community. Interesting #smh
Agreed. That's where we need to get back to. Pharma needs to have a reality check.  #HealthCareForAll
You go Jeff! A ford CEO said it was easy to negotiate with their Canadian autoworkers- healthcare was off the table!
Health care is a right .
Freaks!! We do not want your Socialist single payer bull crap healthcare 
Rabble rabble rabble! Katherine would rather pay $100k a day when she gets cancer, than go in and out without losing her life for surviving!
No Katherine is already on Medicare because she worked all her life and was rewarded Medicare as a reward not a welfare entitlement!
Sounds horrible. What a terrible idea.
Rabble rabble rabble! "Dirk" would rather pay $100k a day when he gets cancer, than go in and out without losing his life for surviving!
Remove subsidies and prices come down. This is how things work. Insurance and gov subsidies is WHY PRICES ARE SO HIGH in the first place.
We can't afford this and provide quality care. This is a wildly ridiculous fantasy. #MedicareForAll
We have one of the best tier healthcare systems in the world. And you don't have to pay $100k for a helicopter ride! 
Dear Sen.  Great idea. Please tell me how are you going to pay for it??
Same as every other first world nation way ahead of America: for dollars instead of thousands for a single treatment. You're so behind. Sad.
Let's see. Read the Constitution. Read the Bill of Rights. Don't see healthcare in there. Nope. It's not a right.
Rabble rabble rabble! "Ozetty" would rather pay $100k a day when it gets cancer, than go in and out without losing its life for surviving!
You're not coherent. #InstaBlock
We are the ONLY industrialized country who doesn't guarantee health care. Why?
"Quality." The best cardiac doctors are in Toronto. Paying til you're bankrupt does not quality make. You're so damn brainwashed 
Are we ALL going to pay for it? Nope...
America needs to catch up with first world countries. We are definitely not hurting and we don't need to die or go bankrupt for life. 
Like the rest of the world with world class care for all. America is so far in the dark ages it'll take a long time to catch up w/world
TRY GIVING UP YOUR SECRETLY VOTED ON NO PAY HEALTHCARE PLAN & RETIREMENT SLUSH FUND..
THE SENATE & CONGRESS R A PONZI SCHEME TO DEFRAUD USA.
Amazing! Thank you!!!!
Great idea. Latest estimates are it will only cost 23% of what everybody earns. Now we can all duck on the tit of America.
Thank you for caring about us!
So proud of my senator. We're with you Jeff and Bernie!
Thanks to everyone joining together on this! #KeepGoing

Thank you for doing the right thing, senators!  Finally we can talk about health care as being a right and not a privilege!
NBC & CBS Nightly news never mentioned it. DEMs on TV need to call out these TV News Orgs not making this important enough to mention.

Sounds like bullshit.

Model it after the Tricare for the military. Then you might have a chance.
This is important for folks like me who have kids with medical conditions.
The government needs to get out of the healthcare business!
Could not answer MONEY question on mtd
Cool. By this reasoning, I should have a right to your income because you make more than me & have nicer stuff.
Another socialist Democrat, good wire YOUR MONEY? ??
This is what he American people want and need!!! Thanks!!!
HAPPENING NOW- many citizens are hoping you will lose re-election.
Thank you sir
um 20 trillion debt?
Yes...get this done no more insurance
Thank you, Senator Merkley!
Thank you Senator Merkley!
Corrupt Dems throw liberals shiny object that won't pass doing ZERO to END price gouging pharma&ins companies #publicoption
Even you ? you are a liar ! 
you are exempt, you are a special elitist, 
no regular health care for you.
Your pants are on fire.
Godd but get rid of asshole Bernie!!!!!
Tell Wyden to remove his head from the sand
So now your for Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare?  LOL...and you wonder why the (D)etroit party is getting shellacked every election
Current Medicare Recipients don't be fooled by these people again.
Democrats Attacking Medicare
@RonWyden what say you, Ron?

Thank You, @SenJeffMerkley , for standing up for Oregonians!
its a shiny object bc corrupt Dems serve price gouging pharma and insurance companies. That is what you have to fix FIRST.
Never will happen
As long as no one is exempt and poorest to top 1% er's has same insurance at any hospital/Doctors. Never will happen! Totally repeal&replace
Thank you Senator Merkley for supporting medicare-for-all make it happen!
RIGHT ON! THANK YOU!!
Thank you!!! #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
No 
Cost??  Not until then...
Detach: @SenSanders
Yay.  Thank you.
As we are waiting as we the ppl voted deserve only the best for our #1 @POTUS  
No rinos, fake ppl
I had a Nobel laureate professor that used to say: resources are limited, this is the constraint. Let's get real, stop dreaming! #MAGA
YES!
Thank you Senator Merkley!
Fixed it for you: #VAcareforAll
Thank you Senator Merkley for your support!
Healthcare is not a Right. You have no RIGHT to access to Doctors, Services, Equipment.
Amen
