Thank goodness. Tillerson is ignorant of the constitution. He'd actually consider a registry for Am Muslims.
Tillerson shows zero sign of any moral compass.  Not qualified to be our representative to the world.
Merkley questions were Moronic
was Jeff Merkel interrupting Mika from reading a magazine ? She has no interest in this serious matter!
I am deeply disturbed by Merkley's whole career.. he has done almost nothing for rural Oregonians he represents
Appreciate Sen.Merkley's honesty.Respect his decision. Everybody should be upset with his answer's.
Thank you, Sir!  An Oregonian.
Merkley is simply lying-America deserves better than political hacks like this.
All your guests are those who vote against Trump's nominees. Sounds like MSNBC is anti GOP. Traitor Joe.
Good for him!
,,, this guys a lier , I know a lier when I see one ,,,
I know someone who's uneducated when I see one. It's a shame. Please, get help!
,,, ur uneducated u stupid ass , keep ur nose out of my ass or ill Fart & blow ur Brains out ,,,
Thank you!
Because he thinks global warming is a national security issue, you sounds soooo crazy.
a Senator we can all be proud of!
This is the Proof that My @SenJeffMerkley is a man of High Moral Principles!
Joe  keep context on our FPolicy last 8 YRS-OBAMA walks into 170K troops in war built on Adm LIE not intel fail
thank you senator!

stop seating the bigoted Russian operative. Collusion with repubs trump fbi Kremlin. We jail traitors.
Good for you!
No way he should be Approved
Why are you disturbed SHILL? Because you have been watching FAKE LIBERAL "news' and you don't have a CLUE?
So glad you are voting no on this ridiculous appointment.  He is so unsuited.  Like his boss.
irrelevant
thank you senator!!
As was many Americans....
and he was the tip of the iceberg....
Almost 20 years as a career politician and what has he accomplished? NOTHING. Tillerson and Merkley----NO COMPARISON ON WORK ETHIC
You are deeply disturbed.  Leave it at that
There seems to be some distaste for Tillerson's want to have the real facts before making a decision. Why?

Thank you Oregon!
Thank you, Senator Merkley 
SO TRUE, MERKLEY IS DEEPLY DISTURBED
Good choice, Senator Merkley. I have concerns about him as well.
Tks Jeff
That's my senator!  You represent us so well, Jeff!  Thank you!
My Senator. Thank you.
Tillerson didn't have the balls to show up the 2nd day n GOP will properly confirm. He owns oil land in Russia.
agree
you're still a #ClassAct @MSNBC
I find it increasingly difficult to follow you any further. You are what we the people call "the problem ".
thank you, Senator, for your courage on Tillerson!
jeff votes for his own agenda and not that of the people of Oregon. Shameful
he is a poster child for term limits retire
and I am "deeply disturbed" he's a senator
Thank you Senator Merkley from one of your constituents.
Why would a 64yr old billionaire want the SoS job? Exxon has leases in Russia that they want to drill. Get it?
Party lines are you Surprised?
but he thought Eric Holder was fantastic with "Fast and Furious"
Partisan hack! Thanks for the Nuclear Option
he's putin plant like trump
Wow, what a surprise, a Dem voting against Trump's pick, NOT.
Dems, please keep up the kamikaze tactics! Political suicide will guarantee an early demise to the progressives
Tillerson the menace that will serve as proof of @HillaryClinton incompetence, that's what scare them
hahaha I doubt that
wait and see...I don't doubt it, if he gets confirmed we can compare notes
why block me? Advise: if your argument it's not strong enough don't engage
Hey Jeff, what are the results of your support for Mrs. Clinton for SOS? Remember Benghazi?
big deal...  partisan hack.
Good, Jeff. BTW, we no longer watch Morning Joe. Look at who Trump follows, it speaks volumes. #NoToMorningJoe
what BS!
We do not need the DEMS they only think they are important to voters but are losing power rapidly.
This is a time for country, not party.Consider Sessions as well. We will need a watchdog on this "trust"
@SenatorCollins How dare you take away HC from Mainers when you enjoy the BEST OF THE BEST HC for life. Selfish
For all those whining that we need to stop criticizing @realdonaldtrump and his crew, this is just the beginning. WE THE PEOPLE
your ONLY issue is Hillary lost and u don't care abt America. U only care your power & $ from DEM party
Thank you, Senator
You need boycotted!
Anyone in Trump picks you're going 2 try 2 slaughter including he/supporters!Take a break!Stop the fake news!
These senators do not know the meaning of elections act like illitrate people need to grow up
When guest come on mika introduced Joe loud bullying ass takes over every time
What really is all this Russian love about,???
Russia wanted to influence Elections.& did..Are own FBI Directer Comey did a Better job..He sealed Trump
most Democrats are disturbed...The last eight years proved how disturbed, corrupt, and worthless they were..
Swamp creature.
Personal insults to Pres Trump and Cabinet MUST stop. Too much HATE from Donnie. His claim to fame?
As President T Roosevelt said, our public servants are ALL subject to criticism by us, the people
If you want to meet a bunch of Racists for Trump i sit occassionally with 10 guys Dunkin DOnuts.over 70
Yes we should hold on to EVERYTHING he said, because what Maya Angelou said is VERY true.
What was disturbing? Nothing. @realDonaldTrump knows a good people.
Joe did you just say, "We're not doing Trump's bidding?" Who are you trying to fool. That's just what you were and are doing!!!!
YES, it is OBVIOUS that YOU are doing @realdonaldtrump's bidding. OBVIOUS, Joe. We are not fools. #SUCKUP
back to partisan politics as usual...drain the swamp @realDonaldTrump ! Drain it!
Joe continues to be a trump stooge someone tell the 2 phonies they are on tv they are the fuckin media
Memorized response from the get go, any original thought would be appreciated.
no matter who is appointed the Democrats r going 2 always reject that's their narrative cause division
SHUT UP, JOE. You are being obvious. @DonnyDeutsch is right. Trump is the emperor with no clothes. NO FREE PASS
good news. He is not what this country needs
#Politicians are still #hacked that one of "them" was not selected for @StateDept - plain & simple
Wait- At what point in the Campaign Did @realDonaldTrump  say A Deal is a Deal?Nov 22? http://www.forbes.com/sites/timdaiss/2016/11/22/trumps-iran-deal-rhetoric-israelis-say-not-so-fast/#37e2d0b061c6 …
You're apologizing for a childish twit who has no position except what makes him $$$$. He is the #LiarInChief.
You cannot use  #LiarInChief Obama has been that hashtag for eight years, keep your doctor.
democrats need to look in the mirror for reasons why they get waxed every election. Politics as usual.
so this democrat is afraid he won't be enough of a war monger?  Nice
I have to agree with that, what a punk

Oh surprise! A dem voting against a Trump nominee. Being disturbed. LOL. Dems in hysterics since Nov.
I am deeply disturbed by him being deeply disturbed.
Joe, you are doing it again. Take out the ear bud & quit being Trump's mouthpiece. You'll get lip wrinkles.
no words needed!
