@JoanAlker1 Important tweet but how do  55.1 million adults 50-64 lose coverage?  Is this a typo?
Thanks. We have an opening for a copy editor if you're interested.
P/T only  Thx 4 prompt reply.  What is the correct number?
An estimated 5.1 million older adults (50-64) would lose coverage under AHCA according to CBPP.
Thank you  5.1 million
- that would certainly be a sad choice on the part of the parents.
Its not a choice for everyone.
- low income families w/ children can cover them with Medicaid. Me, I spend $620 each mo./$6,000 deductible. Premium almost = mortg. payment
Does that include tax credits?
- No, I did not qualify for any financial supplements. And, no I am not high income.
That seems like a lot. I pay 200 a month and tgats pretty reasonable i think.
- very reasonable. Children?
some parents will think a gun is in order...Juss saying....trumpcare is a death sentence and some won't go quietly
I knew this would start to happen, and we will see this happening even more as people get desperate watching loved ones die due to them.
I told my wife violencecwas inevitable under trump a year ago...trumpcare is a Nazi death sentence folks will revolt
Completely inevitable. Imminent
@LauraLpelg @fragilechildTX #NoCutsNoCap
Repeal is easy. Replacing it with cost effective system is the challenge.
No politician, right, left or media talks about cutting COST. Why?
What are you talking about? It's addressed all the time.
We discuss cutting Services, Benefits, Access,medicaid/care, budget. 
Not COST (18% of GDP) highest in industrial world w/mediocre outcomes
I honestly don't know how these people sleep at night.
Nice going, guys! @MarioDB @carloslcurbelo  @marcorubio  #AHCA
Your polls are total horseshit
When obamacare collapses -100% of the children will have NO healthcare
And I did not even have to do a poll!!
Should be called Death sentence instead of Health Care! Please stop this Congress!
Medical errors are the 3rd leading cause of death, imagine how many lives will be saved by making sure kids don't suffer a medical mistake
Just imagine how well off USA would be if the entire medical system were scrapped
I can't imagine - 20% higher wages, 50% less inflation, no longer handcuffed to rentiers. Sign me up!
You're damned silly
My husband sees the most Medicaid kids in Loveland, CO. Also former Chief of Staff McKee, local hospital. Hospitals take this hit hard.
Not just children, either. I will be priced out of ins due to pre-existing. My new plan will be Emergency Room care and never pay the bills.
Exactly,4those of us who aren't at poverty level&barely above it's a losing battle2afford medication&testing. Fla refused expanded Medicaid!
What kind of people are we?
As opposed to the current AHA options?
Even B4 the ACA, children were covered even if parents were not. Trump care says F Everybody, esp those innocent beautiful children.
Ah, but the freedom!
Maybe we will be able to enlist doctors w/o borders, or unicef, or Red Cross to come to give us medical care when this crap gets passed!!!
Repeal is easy. Replacing it with cost effective system is the challenge.
No politician, right, left or media talks about cutting COST. Why?
This is unacceptable, every child should be able to go to the doctor when they get sick @SenBobCorker @SenAlexander
Don't believe their bullshit -
Way to go after our most vulnerable, GOP.  Dirtbags!!
Only monsters want to take healthcare from kids. No (or insufficient) insurance often means no pro care. Who INTENTIONALLY hurts children?!
You mean Trumpcare
@potus @realDonaldTrump Georgetown study shows Trumpcare will increase # of uninsured kids by 50%. So much for the pro-life party.
Share real stories to make an impact!
Yeah well maybe kids should vote
Pay attention to these numbers!
McConnell & co u can not pass this bill , pay back what u took from Russia another way , not on the backs of ppl
Way to go! @GOP @realdonaldtRump you are the definition of deplorable!!!!
I ask this AGAIN. If the GOP pass the bill while KNOWING that Children will DIE from Lack of COVERAGE is it PREMEDITATED MURDER ?
Is it considered PREMEDITATED Child Endangerment? PREMEDITATED Child Neglect. Failure to PROTECY the Wellbeing of a CHILD?
Well, they're NOT in utero anymore, so...
GOP is at the precipice, staring into the void. Unfortunately, they are too greedy, misinformed, and stupid to realize what is staring back.
@GOPSenate @BenSasse @JeffFlake @JohnMcCain how could you support this bill?
American Health Care Act - they're not even pretending it's affordable.
CBO not subject to Ocare but will soon. Might this, besides faulty analytics, explain their "reasoning." Figures don't lie but liars figure
When you combine politics and economics, you get politics. Guess is none of these authors have insured employees as the rest of us have.
The CBO does static analysis. Only a "political economist" would use such discredited process. Lib Arts programs teach this. BusAd does not
America
Hates
Children
Act
Embryos good, kids bad, right @GOP? Your pro-life hypocrisy gets more disgusting by the day.

Do you care about kids other than your own, @SenToomey ?  This is unconscionable.
AHCA better known as TRUMP CARE and NOT to be confused w-ACA/Obamacare that was working!
@grantstern
#TotalWar is an attack on the civilian #populace/#infrastructure by its nation's #enemy.
Wake!
#GOP doing to USA!
@grantstern 
This is infrawar; devastation of Enemy(US pop.,here)
numbers+wellbeing, by increments damning—when integrated.
@RoyBlunt why would you do this to your Missouri constituents?  What do you get out of shanking us? Repair #ACA or go #SinglePayer
This is cruel and unacceptable.
another Liberal lie.
@senmarcorubio  The GOP health care plan must be changed so our most vulnerable citizens are not harmed. @SenBillNelson
I don't want to be near Republican voters when they realize they've been SCAMMED. When will we learn from our past mistakes?
Under Obama care it would be too expensive to be useful. Liberal media playing games with public. #wakeupamerica
#passthebill
Shocking !
Dangerous threat to our children's health will cost Americans in the long run.
Yes but they're poor
Well that is better then the 125% now
@realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan 'KILL BILL' Despicable
@RepLaHood This is what your bill does, sir. Let me repeat: YOUR bill.
Wouldn't it be great if health insurance was paid for 100% by govt. for all Americans under 18 years of age.
Trumpcare is wealth creation program for the Trump monarchy designed by the  @GOP Senate to keep peasants weak & sickly 
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP And you're okay with this?!? #Shameful. If you truly care about US fix the pieces of ACA that need work. #NoAHCA
Trump sd the bill is mean but what's he doing about it?
This is not a h/c plan. It is a giant tax cut for the 1%. Anyone who thinks this is OK is complicit in the deaths of their fellow citizens.
CALL YOUR SENATORS 202.224.3121 AND DEMAND OPEN HEARINGS ON #AHCA. THIS  AFFECTS EVERY SINGLE PERSON NO MATTER WHAT THEIR AGE IS. RETWEET!!
Unacceptable, immoral, and should be a non-starter for any #healthcare legislation. #AHCAisMean #AHCAkills #AHCA @SenateGOP @SenateDems
Disgusting corrupt crooks !! GOP are the worts , shame , shame !! But the get free health insurance so they don't care!!
Family Values means valueing families.
@DarrellIssa How does this Make America Great Again?
Call your senators now and tell them how you feel about this.
How much more deplorable can you get? This isnt what this country does! What is wrong with R's is Congress? Is the almighty dollar worth it?
republicans: pro-life as long as you're a fetus, then you're on your own.
Know one believes scrotus healthbill helps anyone but the rich.Nacy Pelosi speaking on it right now on C-Span.Repubs need to stop Changes!
Who are these people and how do they sleep at night?????
@RepMarthaRoby guess since YOUR kids are insured, just screw every other kid in ALABAMA.
People do crazy things when they feel that their kids are threatened. When is Congress going to come to its senses? Fix this mess!
You go, @SenatorCollins and support #trumpcare to solidify your hold on the Maine Gov nomination: children will pay for your ambition.
- time for state's to step in and lead fight for single payer universal healthcare.
Bullshit. Between the CBO & our institutions of higher learning,  it would be impossible to predict the most mathematically unreliable.
Just out of curiosity, how great did you predict #ObamaCare would be?
LOL
This needs to be read by every Republican Senator especially! @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake Why do Republicans want my grandkids to be uninsured
everyone who votes in favor of ACHA should have their college Econ classes retroactively nullified.
Mental health is like dental health: if kids who need it don't receive it when young, they'll need much more treatment when they're adults.
Mine certainy would be.
Is this why you are keeping the bill secret? @SenateMajLdr #GOP #AHCA #TrumpCare #NoCare
How does ANYONE win with a bill like this?
@USRepRodney  Thoughts and prayers for the kids.   But tax cut for our wealthiest - YEEHAH!!!!!!
In what universe is this bill a good thing? When did it become okay to pass a bill like this without discourse? Can someone explain?
in the 1% universe where sick, poor people literally die for them to become richer
Paul Ryan and the Price Doctor have made it clear they oppose health insurance, want to create a pure cash economy.
New Analysis Finds Uninsured Rate for Kids Would Increase by 50% Under AHCA https://ccf.georgetown.edu/2017/06/14/new-analysis-finds-uninsured-rate-for-kids-would-increase-by-50-under-ahca/ …
"So much better and cheaper, you won't believe it!" 
-The Orange Jesus while on the campaign trail
"everyone will have coverage!"... except those 23 million people...
@GOP hates the born, just not the unborn
@CongCulberson--you voted for this?! Shame! Where are your morals?
So you're telling me that fewer kids would have health insurance if it weren't required? Amazing. Now prognosticate health outcomes and cost
I say we start calling it Darwin Care = survival of the fittest
.@SenTomCotton please don't let this happen.
Hahahaha! That racist wants ACA gone just because a black guy started it. He doesn't care. He's made that clear.
Not only that. I assume the majority of those 50% will be minority groups. It's racial cleansing by draining the well.
@realDonaldTrump this AHCA is a very mean and bad bill.  Stop it now!!
I see the #MAGA trolls on #copolitics are claiming pointing out the effects of #GOP legislation is "incitement" and "hate". #copolitics
Well of course. They're already out of the womb after all. Get a job, kids. Damn drains on the economy. Next they'll want food.
Healthy Americans should be seen as the number one national security concern. #SinglePayerOrBust
GOP don't give a rats ass about children.
#nohearingnovote
It's criminal.
@SpeakerRyan Proud of this? This the legacy you want? Kids? Children? You know mini versions of you, except with innocence, joy, and...souls
He 100% does not care.
he only cares about bean babies, not real babies.
Good thing they are ProLife!
Kids count, GOP. Think family  values. Please.
.@GOP doesn't have any values, much less family values.
And what happens to children who have chronic conditions like asthma or juv diabetes or 100 other problems?
Mo Brooks R,AL says it's their fault. Bad life style choices!
Georgia Governor Nathan Deal Signs “Switch Bill” Data Center Tax Exemption Legislation: New Law Paves Way for Construction of @Switch’s Hyperscale Colocation Data Center Campus in Atlanta
