Senate passes $700 billion defense policy bill, backing Trump call for steep increase in military spending http://cnb.cx/2hc7UbW 
Thank you!
Thank you Senator!!
Infrastructure and education investments are moot if country can't be defended. Try using common sense instead of political hyperbole.
Except we are the aggressor. There are NO wars being fought in defense of the US   Ask who our occupations/bombings enrich. RESEARCH!!
Which is a deflection from the discussion.
It absolutely is http://not.You  mentioned defense & I'm pointing out we do not need to beef up military since we're the aggressors
Discussion was because Merkley implied "defense" funds should be used for infrastructure and education. Nothing to do with "offense".
you're being ridiculous
Why?
I would like to see more senators make wise decisions.... #Military #Veterans @realDonaldTrump
U need to start thinking for yourself, puppet. You can't see the Forest through the trees. Ask ur handlers for some freedom.
And war solves NOTHING.!!!!!
Tell that to the Jews. Tell that to France. Tell that to Poland.  Tell that to Austria.
Solves, not solved.
Thank you, sir! And thanks to your staff, too!
Thank you Senator Merkley for standing up again for the people of Oregon. We need money to go toward infrastructure & healthcare.
And yet, you keep lying about Social Security financial health. #2020 can't come soon enough. Time for some real leadership, Oregon.
Thank you!
Thank you for your "No" vote, Senator.
At least there is one sane person in the government
Increase?    Too small.  Too little.   Too late.
Do not like it, we could spend the money for more important things
Thank you for voting against!  We need money in our schools
Thank you, Merkley, you're one of the best.
Please keep fighting for the common people of America!
AG Sessions is here in Portland today taling about immigration today. Lots of protests are going to happen.
Keep fighting the Prez and never see these problems resolved. YOU are what is wrong with our Country!
Thanks, Senator.  As your constituent, I support your vote 100%.
Thank you for voting against this unnecessary bill! Wish your Dem colleagues would have done the same....
Thank Sens Gillibrand, Wyden, Leahy, and Sanders as well. Shame the majority of Dem senators didn't vote with what their supporters want.
We'd have plenty of money if the Democrats would quit buying votes with the free stuff for bums programs.
So you are going to address unfunded liabilities that include social security, Medicare, and Medicaid Coming in at $30-$100 Trillion?
Woefully inadequate? We just spent a trillion on 'shovel ready' jobs that didn't work. I'm so glad I left OR to avoid you
Thank YOU!!!
No infrastructure spending. Not MAGA. Dreadful.
Thank you Senator 
Well it's like this Sen. Merkley You make Oregon less safe so many will be glad to vote you out. It's infrastructure 1st always!
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley we need more like you!! Have you considered a run in 2020?
Our defense is in need of much repair after the Obama cuts and neglects to our military.
I hear great things about you from my family in Oregon. Have you considered a run for Pres?
Thank you.
No to blank checks, yes to 2020!

eh eh eh...
(But seriously thank you)
And yet the Dems in control all of those went down. Hypocrisy.
Thank you Senator. Wish we had a majority to vote like you. No countries are invading us, yet we spend trillions on death and war.
Then the neoliberals in your party ask where the money will come for #MedicareForAll Centrist kill the credibility of the Dems. #bernie2020
Thanks again, Senator. Totally agree.
Appalling. Thank you, Sen Merkley, for having much needed principles.
Thank you!
Thank you
Thank you, Senator.
Where's our infrastructure bank? 

Our ports, power grid, roads, bridges, and tunnels need a Marshal Plan
Thank you Senator
Thank you! Please also oppose any attempt to permanently delist grey wolves which directly undermines the ESA!
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley!!!  $80B could pay for #HealthForAll or free education or living wages for everyone. @WorldBeyondWar
I'll vote 'NO' on your reelection. #THEOTHERGUY

I support you senator. We spend too much on military and not enough on our own people.
thank you
Dammit, these cretins are ruining our country and our lives every single day.
Support your vote.
If it passes file a bill to refund all SS/Medicare $ to those of us who die b/4 we collect because our insurance was cancelled #micropoetry
Thank you Senator!
thank you!
Thsnk you!
Welcome to oregon where your vote does not count
You made a wise choice.

WOW. THATS HUGE. Trump planning to go to war with the world???
Dems have taken our military down to pre-world war II level! The whole world has walked all over us!
Hey Merk! R u not aware of all the threats we face? If left to u and Obama, we'd have NOTHING TO DEFEND THIS COUNTRY! military debilitated
Thank you! Defense budget is already too large. Now please vote #noGrahamCassidy and #SaveACA
Thanks for the sane decision in these insane times!
Thank you . Your priorities are in order.
Thanks for your "no" vote.
Thanks, Jeff.  Keep it up.
Thank you.
The whole world is arming up. Only a fool would think it's not necessary to be the top gun in the world. Obama turned his back on us
Thank you sir!
Great idea! Say no to $ used to protect from terrorists & use it for education. Bc education means so much when you die by suicide bomber
You are a poor excuse of a Senator and you better hope Oregon is  included when Trump proceeds on infrastructure.
Look dummy we are tired of sacrificing national security your excuse is unacceptable. Trump will be taking on infrastructure
Why when the people of this country need hurricane recovery funds, health care, and infrastructure renovations. We do not need a wall either
Thank you!
We need more democrats like @SenJeffMerkley ! Thank you for standing for what is right!
thank you senator. No reason to increase spending on the most expensive military in the world.
Thank you!
Well, we're the most fearful nation on earth, so need big guns.
Thank you for understanding priorities & for your caring heart. Take care of yourself & your family. Going to need your help for a long time
Trump wants to use all money for military buildup just like Russia & NK, leaving no funds for domestic use. No health care, food, medicine.
Thank you for representing the people and all of us on this AND Medicare for all bill. -Oregonian
Warren/Merkley 2020 #WarrenMerkley
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you!
Thank you once more, Senator. A great advocate for us here in OR. Please do everything in your power to block GOP's newest undemocratic grab
(i.e., stop #GrahamCassidy) I support using every tactic, including withholding consent.
If you think all those missiles are NOKO your wrong. Either buying or given from China. NOKO will be passing on to Iran very soon an H-Bomb.
THANK YOU!!!
If you think that was an improved NOKO H-Bomb you know nothing. That was the biggest one yet, China cannot test of treaty, So NOKO does it.
I guess your happy with the reduced readiness we are in, China & Russia building new weapons while Obama sat around & did nothing.
If  Obama had not let our country go to hell we would not be facing the huge cost just to get where we should have been yrs ago.
My children thank you!  @clairecmc @RoyBlunt shame on you!
Thank you Jeff Merkley.
You go bro
Way to go, peckerhead.  That bill includes feeding the troops.
And it can be modified through regular apportionment meetings.  Never has there been a dumber senator....
Thank you!  Great work sir!
They're going going along with Donald Trump?! Donald Trump ... the reality guy. The tabloid fodder guy with all the divorces & bankruptcies?
Thank you for trying! This military budget is insanity!!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you so much.
Thank you Senator.
Thank you. We'd be better off spending money on hackers, like Russia. Cyber is the 21stC warfare. It's deadly, and less expensive.
Thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you for your efforts.
Thank you Senator . #welldone
Let's see if we can get our defense spending under $70bil all in.
Well done.
Thank you, Senator. We already have the largest defense budget in the world. We need to focus on other needs now.
Police state!  #TrumpEvil  next: military parades of weapons on the streets!
dude we could cut military spending in half and still spend more than the next ten countries combined, this shit HAS TO STOP
@CNBC don't know about you but I want to be protected.
We already spend more on our military than the next six biggest militaries combined. You're protected.
How scandalous.  Prioritizing pressing domestic issues over randomly bombing people in the Middle East.
Thank you Senator
Thank you, Senator!
