And we know how it ended for her...
And they're all old enough soon to get sick and die, with or without their healthcare!
Sad group with no moral compass.

My @RepLoudermilk just voted 4 #AHCA  to crush strong
legal #ACA Protections to affordable Care for us
#EquitableCare 4 
@SenAlexander
Irresponsible comment, Senator!
I cannot comprehend why rural America embraces these fools -- Republicans hate poor and working-class folks. Wake up Dems! #TheResistance
Very true" but please tell me why did these poor whites vote these fools in office to steal and destroy all values of thier lifes.
And one of them is Oregon's Rep Greg Walden! Shame on a fellow Oregonian voting yes on this travesty.
Time to bring back the guillotine!
Time to target walden! Surely there is someone in his district that doesn't have their head up their asses to take this seat  away!?
@crary4congress is running, spread the word
SHE was so misunderstood. The GOP, not so much.
Jeff,you sound more & more like a socialist every day
"Let them rub some 'Tussin on it".
Shame on them.
have u checked out the list of pre-existing conditions?  Rape is on there but erectile dysfunction isn't.funny how pervy old white men think
I worry that the women in my life are going to be kicked to the curb.
These people are the devil children
A waste of oxygen.
So would Draco, Senator ... 


Where was a sink hole when you needed one?
Let them eat cake! But not too much cake. If you get diabetes, you're on your own, kid.
Already have diabetes.
Can that be healed with #thoughtsandprayers?
Lol
Have you seen pic of GOP AHCA Committee?  100% white male. 
@SenatorDurbin @SenDuckworth
2017 looks a lot like 1950! #indivisible
You mean Ivanka?
Thank you for standing for us, and don't just vote no on this moral travesty, please oppose it with every fiber of your power and position!
Liar. You have not read the bill.
Lie. Health care wasn't "stripped". AHCA will ALLOW those who don't want health care to not be coerced into buying it at supersized prices.
And they celebrated as though they had just won a bet on a ballgame.
We Americans stand with you and democracy not fascist lying bigots
A bunch of white guys
Indeed. Let's make Oregonians keep @repgregwalden home instead of sending him back to DC in 2018 @Indivisible_OR #Trumpcare
Rifampin douche bag strikes again!
Look at the picture to answer the ? Why (ED) Erectile Dysfunction is still an "allowed' pre-existing condition
It's disgraceful that many Republicans who passed this TaxCut #AHCA bill taking Healthcare away from millions of voters never even read it!
Common sense: fix the parts of ACA that need it, rename if necessary. Ppl have hc. Sorry, no tax breaks for top 2%. GOP plan: complete oppo
it didn't bother you when Obama and a bunch of rich white Democrats stripped health care from 60+ mil hard working Americans for the ACA
Get to know the average 50-60 year old who has worked as highly educated professionals for 30+ years but can't afford Obamacare! #noclue
So disgusting
Madame Lafarge needs to knit some more names into her Victory 2018 sampler.
Racist
Sickening..
But Senator Merkley your a rich white man too. And your wrong. Your plan, ACA, was a disaster and fell apart. Rs had to clean up ur mess.
Well, just remember what happened to her.
Hey @SenJeffMerkley my health care was stripped years ago under #ObamaCare I can't afford nor do I qualify for govt handout millions like Me
They should all be prosecuted by the UN for crimes against humanity and sent to prisons somewhere in Europe.
Inaccurate: the RICH WHITE MALE COLONIAL IMPERIALISTS running M. Antoinette's world, for whose actions she was sacrificed, "would be proud."
'Tis possible to express horror at the corporate-fascist takeover without cliched ahistorical slandering of a brutally scapegoated woman.
Thank you for standing up for Oregonians and all Americans.
Republicans saying "Let them eat cake."
Democrats will have a great resolve to unseat Republicans in the coming Midterms. Republicans should be ashamed of themselves. Evil Party!
We employ these GOP lawmakers
Now you know what to do...
Apropos analogy since 45 seems obsessed w/food

Millions losing health care and dying

DT: Let them eat the most delicious Chocolate Cake 
Love you Jeff but Marie Antoinette does not deserve this.
Let them eat CHOCOLATE CAKE!
@HouseGOP @potus As Christians you should all reread Jesus words about the rich man and Lazarus. You have apparently forgotten it.
Wealthy white RepuliRussiaCan MEN make all of us white men look bad, bad, bad. They are triggering racist behavior against ALL white men.
Let them eat cake, the most delicious chocolate cake...
I'm so over the greed in government. They are there to fight for the people that voted for them but yet they celebrate hurting them.
Let the poor eat cake if they have no bread!
@Mompreneur_of_3 They will eat chocolate cake later too... Can they not see the irony of French Revolution & their actions??
So sad there is an Oregonian in that picture...vote @repgregwalden out.
The picture doesn't show the white Republican women who were there and share the same mean-spirited ignorance as their male crony buddies.
PLEASE CONTINUE TO WORK "FULL SPEED" TO KEEP AMERICANS SAFE, JEFF!! OREGONIANS THANK YOU AND STAND BEHIND YOU!!! GEAT JOB, JEFF!!!
Fight for us Senator. Like you never have before.
I am so thankful that we have senators like yourself, @SenJeffMerkley and @RonWyden -- every GOP who voted for this bill must be remembered!
They will be !!!
