Can we Sue for malpractice?
Ok so what do we do about it. What are you doing about it. #Oregondemocrat.
Don't have a clue, they don't want us to know except it's going to cover less people for a lot more $ and my family is screwed 
You mean like if you like your plan you can keep your plan and if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor?  Kind a like that
They still can't tell you today if it was worth voting for then they would love to show it off
Death
If you don't know what Bill you are voting on, why are you voting?
The way your talking senator you seem to be he expert
Just say NO!
You have to pass it to know what's in it.  Ask @NancyPelosi and she'll tell you
The same thing I flushed this morning!
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Hi Senator. Am sure Sen McConnell plans to tell you.
Remember Obamacare vote?
"find out when you read it?"
Full repeal Obama care now
I'm not 100% certain, but I believe it reads, "Fuck the poors, more money for the rich"
Nothingburger, Jeff. Just show up and do what Mitch and President Dipshit want. This is going well.....
Nobody knows. Once they vote yes to proceed, they own it.
Great!
We WANT to own it!
Complaining about OBAMACARE for 7 yrs....full repeal now.
Fulfill campaign promises
Nowadays I've noticed when someone is mean they always have Christian in their bio. Good luck with that.
How come your not upset with Gov Brown she signed a bill that taxes and targets small business and the single purchasers. Demos are wolves
The real "info" here is the destruction of our democracy by the Republican Party & #Trump
No info becuase there's no bill.
No info = VOTE NO! Secret health bill spells disaster.
Just keep fighting for us, and thank you!
DEATH PANELS BABY!  @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr
It's a super secret surprised!  Because our country is now run like Animal House.
This question infuriates me! How does anyone in our government even agree to participate in voting on law they are unsure of contents?
Tell that to Nancy Pelosi...
She was making a joke that GOP was too lazy to read the bill, you know. Bad joke anyway
Oh.Was joke? Meant to be...funny?
Guess she feels like laughing matter.
Joke....could be on HER.
Lol
You don't support whatever #Trump wants @SenateGOP to do, so, NO. #gop #healthcare #fail
Can you tell me why your not upset at Gov Brown passing health care tax bill that targets MC and small business!! Hippocrate
You can bet you and the other Dems will get the blame if it fails. You all will be labeled as obstructionists.
Interesting. How would Ds voting for a bill they haven't been allowed any input on keep Trumpcare from ending health ins for 15M next year?
Ask the Rs. Seems to be their go-to talking point when legislation gets hung up.
Ah. I took "will be labeled" as you doing the labeling, not necessarily R politicians. Sorry.
No worries. Sarcasm is often lost in translation.  I wish I had an eye roll emoji for my tweets but if I did it would probably be worn out.
My understanding is there are 4 floating around and they dont know which one. No cbo no debates just votes.
Screw You America Bill?
Saw a press release from the AMA saying it violated the Hippocratic Oath. Wonder if it's been re-drafted since?
22murders are in that bill. More murders than Hitler and Stalin. Combined. Vote no. Call and kill the bill.202) 224-3121
22million murders are in the bill.
Sir, von Trump und GOP, können Sie nicht Transparenz erwarten, diese Betrüger und Lügner wollen Millionen Menschen zum Tode verurteilen
@GeorgeTakei @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr senator may I suggest you vote no on something that is not clear or announced
Just vote no
All this uncertainty around our health insurance is giving me so much anxiety.Every wk more threats to our basic needs.Please make it stop
So tell them to shove it up their ass
Sort of like making kids or anyone for that matter eat liver.
Vote NO!  End this fiasco!
I'll tell you one thing. It doesn't make insurance affordable for a self employed small business owner like me.
OH DID I SAY, VOTE NO!!!
How hard is it? Can't vote on something you have no info about. You're welcome
VOTE NO.
JUST. VOTE NO.
Proud @SenJeffMerkley represents my family. Republicans don't seem 2 care about anything but destroying @potus44's legacy. Just fix the ACA!
Ask Nancy Pelosi. That's the way it's supposed to be.

O-care passed w/o knowing what was in it, so why not? My prem x3 & I dropped. Was happy w/ & could afford ins b4. I don't matter b/c I work.
Please vote no. If it was good for the people they would be proud to show it off and let it have a full review.
the same thing that was in the ACA.. you have to pass it to know.. we learned that from Nancy P...
Well, voting YES raises Trump's ego. Voting NO raises his blood-pressure. The choice is yours.
It's the best bill, with the best words, written by the best people with the best brains, BELIEVE Trump, et.al
Y'All supposed to be bullied into voting for it.
Please vote 'no'. There is no reason to vote for anything when information is not provided in a timely manner.
Kept in the dark and fed ? Welcome to Trumps America
Like Nancy said maybe u have to pass it to read what's in it
Well then....you can't approve anything you don't Clearly Understand and know inside out!! So this would b a Big Fat NEY!! NOTTA! NO HOW!
Because they know if they do, it will be voted down.   They are not leaders, they are SABOTEURS.
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley for asking questions! We deserve to know! American citizens deserve to know what our representatives are doing!!!
Its your job that we pay you for to find out grow up!#MAGA 2018 those seats are ours
Reminds 1 about stories of 19th century politics & the Robber Barons? 
McConnell is in debt to Trump for his wifes cabinet post & Koch Bros
If they won't tell you what's in the bill in time for you and your staff to research it before the vote, your default vote should be "Nay".
When in #doubt #voteno
Please don't vote for it
McConnell is a fascist apologist. Calling this vote not for the overwhelming  majority of Citizens who want the ACA but for lunatic Trump $$
Blind loyalty to a tyrant who will stab you in the back.
Lies and deceptions.
The rest of us would like to know our future and the future of our children's health too
Are there enough votes to stop McConnell?
Please vote no
No info = automatic no
How can the GOP goons give a blind yes??? #Healthcare #HealthcareBill
Just vote NO!!!!
Something truly awful, at least 4 people.Prob'ly good4 the rich guys, however. And certainly whatever that bloated bully says to vote for!
only lefty weaklings need “info”.
If you don't know vote no!
Senate majority leader continually does the work of 3 famous men; Larry; Curly: and Moe.
I'm disgusted with Donald Trump's bullying of the Senate. American government is not a reality TV show!
Apparently you're on a "need to know basis"
Great question. Keep fighting!
NSA? we give them a load of cash to know everything.
Unthinkable to vote blindly. Can't all refuse to vote until given a chance to read? That is shifty to expect a vote w/o knowing. Would they?
I think... arsenic.
actually, tomorrow is the vote to Impeach @POTUS
How about get involved and Fix the Problem instead of being on the side line Asking Dumb Questions!
Tax cuts for the deserving rich people.  Squat for everybody else.
Vote no if you don't have all the information.  Common sense, duh.
You have to pass it to see what's in it. Sounds familiar?
Clearly that's a stellar idea  so stupid. #killthebill
This bill is horrible. VOTE NO!!
I can tell you it probably won't be in our best interest given the recent versions of the bill.
Let's hope this is their last attempt. This invisible bill must be bad if they don't want politicians & the public to see it
Medicaid cuts
Every version cuts it by 35 percent. That's the priority, right there.
Call your Senator and ask him or her. Oh wait…
@AltUSNavy @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr #VoteNoMTP #VoteNo
Big surprise
Why it's "Let's Make a Deal"
Yeah, it's "undo everything the black guy did", or at least that's what the rest of the world sees.
Yes, please tell the American people
How does this happen?  How can anyone vote (except along party lines and I guess that's the point).
Do your job!!
Therefore, vote NO.
Go get 'em, Tiger!!
Tax cuts for a select few numbering fewer than the crowd at your typical AAA level baseball game.
2018 National Referendum to repeal Congressional Health Insurance- PASS IT ON - VOTE to kill congressional insurance!
Resistance is Futile. You WILL be assimilated! FINAL SOLUTION for elderly,sick,disabled,poor,LGBT. Death saves $$$
U do not know then vote no.
Something something everybody dies blah blah blah.
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr  Please Vote No tomorrow. You serve your community not your party. Shame on you if you don't.
Just vote no so you'll keep your job in 2018-MAYBE!
Yes. It's a massive tax cut for the rich paid for by taking healthcare from sick and poor people.
If you don't know you don't vote.
Then I hope you're NOT voting for whatever it is!?!?!?!?!?
We count on you to stand up against @GOP schemes and death spiral #HealthcareBill
Pain and suffering
Just a thought, but why not just ask the Repubican PRESIDENT of the Repubican Party? He's pushing it so hard he MUST KNOW WHAT'S IN IT! 
The same thing that's been in it all along - nothing good.  They just think that if they don't tell anyone it'll be liked more.
why do you care you have the gold star healthcare..you get on Obama care and see that works out.
You not voting for a bill, they are voting to continue negotiation.  Whatever that means.
Pretty much death & destruction. With a side of slaw.
Nothing good.
Repeal only tomorrow per Senator Alexander's office.
If there is no information available, the default should always be no.
@GOP is this really who you have become as a party & as people? Please, show the world that you are made of sterner stuff than partisan BS.
If you don't KNOW, you must VOTE NO...!
This is so f'n stupid!
@SenateGOP if you let this travesty of a special interest, hate for Americans bill pass, you will both be vilified by history & voted OUT!
How do u vote on something you haven't read?
It's a total travesty of our democracy! The GOP want a "win" so badly, they don't care how many Americans will actually lose.
If you don't know what you are voting for and its implications your duty is to vote no
Whatever it is you are exempt!
Neither does the GOP!!
thehill: Top GOP senator: Knowing what's in the ObamaCare repeal bill is "luxury we don't have" … 
Mcconnell doesnt want you to know......unacceptable
I'm your boss and have no idea.
Yes, it's great. Probably the best healthcare bill ever! And we'll make dead people pay for it!
I'm not surprised #ShadyCowards
I think thats the point. But who in their right mind would vote on a bill w/o knowing the details? Besides McConnell and Ryan that is.
Thank you in advance for voting NO.
Well, tbh, as a Democrat, you're certainly voting against whatever they've got. Let's hope it's of a form that can demand 60 votes.
It is time for single-payer healthcare in the United States!
Not sure @SenJeffMerkley...but I can tell you that whomever votes yes will be without a job in 2018...

Signed,
America #VoteisaJoke
@GeorgeTakei @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr Please! For love of God and your country..PLEASE do not vote for this bill!!
So a vote on a bill no one has see @realDonaldTrump  what trickery is this now Donald
No's all around then, yeah?
Remember when you could buy the stapled shut paper bags with surprises in them for a dollar?

That. That's what is in it.
More proof that you don't have to know how to read to be a politician.
All they know is the illiterate orange blobmonster is yelling at them to just sign it whatever it is, he doesn't know either. Or care. Jerk.
Senator, if you don't know, I suggest you vote "NO." The lives of real ppl are in that palms of all you hands. Do the right thing, vote NO!
With no info, only recourse is to vote no.
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley & @RonWyden for putting Oregonian's first!
A bunch of crap covered in more crap.
Well then if you don't know what's in the bill you probably should vote NO! Thank you.
Then just vote "No" until you know. #healthcare
This is SCARY! How can this possibly be put out for vote! 
The insanity continues....
@ginger_G99 @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr ask @Scaramucci
They can't     if you know you may not like it
If you don't know,
Vote no.
I think they're running under the idea that you can't object if you don't know what's in it.
As one of your constituents, with a chronic progressive illness, I applaud you for standing strong against this horrific 'healthcare' bill.
If you don't know what's in it, you should vote "no" just to be sure you're doing the right thing.
I'm 60 and scared to death. Hoping Massachusetts will take us back.
If you have not read this abomination why should you even consider voting for it? #trumpcare #trumpmustgo #notmypresident
Does McConnell even have enough votes to proceed? Or is he ripping up that Senate norm too?
Thank you!
No, thank you for asking. Wish more of our "leaders" would ask, and vote for a healthcare plan benefiting the constituents, not themselves.
.
Leeches & bloodletting.  Hey, it worked for Lincoln!  Oh . . . wait.
Lay you 1/5 there's tax mega rich and coverage taken away from the working poor.
Tax cuts*
Hey @realDonaldTrump, here’s your obstructor. You expect support from him when he doesn’t even know what’s in the bill. Nuts!
They do know "secret ballot" means keeping the voter anonymous not what is being voted on right?
The fake trump supporters say you've read it
Then hopefully you will vote NO!
PLEASE sir - don't vote yes for something u haven't been able to review. Don't let them bully you. Americans NEED you to do the right thing
Whatever happened to, "We have to pass it to find out what's in it"? :) Bad idea then; bad idea now.
Difference is, the ACA was actually subject to intense debate and picked up more than 100 Republican amendments.
The Republicans have learned that informed decision-making just gets in the way of progress for tax cuts
If you don't know, it's a NO. If you do know, it's a NO.
Sounds like a banana republic.
If you don't know -vote no. It's the only possible option.
The bad one
Dear Sir, please vote NO to a bill that resembles feeling your way, blindfolded, along the deck of the Titanic, hoping for the lifeboats.
No publicly elected representative should ever vote on a bill blind.  That's irresponsible and reckless!
Would your colleagues sign a contract without knowing what's in it or reading it first? No? Then they shouldn't do it now on Health Care.
And why should they. But, would you but a pig in a poke? Vote against it. Voting for will cause more harm.
Just vote Nay.
Nope.  Apparently, no one deserves that "luxury". Good luck, and please protect us. We need your help.
