Not many working families can afford an additional $1,200 per year in health costs. But that's what #SkinnyRepeal could mean on average.
Not many people can afford $1600 deductibles on the current plan!
And HOW MANY will LOSE CARE when #ObamaCare COLLAPSES? Or are you claiming #ACA is working & needs no changes? #SkinnyRepeal or #FullRepeal
The ACA needs improvement, but do that rather than chuck it and leave people w/o insurance.
Democrats also had 7 years to improve on the #ACA, Where was/is their plan to fix it. All they want to do is obstruct ANY ideas from @GOP.
The proposed bills were written by 13 GOP senators in a locked room, no Dems invited, nor were their own GOP colleagues #ACA
And??? FYI: @GOP offered input from the Left & go NOTHING. Another FYI: 2009:>>> Left wouldn't allow input from #GOP.
Dude, you're unhinged. Cut down on fox fake news.
It also means I will not have to pay a fine/tax because I can't afford Obamacare. Do you care about the millions of self-employed folks?
How many are losing coverage due to premium increases with Obamacare?
Skinny repeal increases premiums more than existing law - by additional 20%.
I just dont get US healthcare. I may be a trumpster but im all for single payer.
Single payer is the worst idea.
Tell that to someone who missed the fine print on their insurance form, for that one in a million ailment they found out they have.
Think of the savings to tax payer.
thank you
actually those are the people being forced to buy a product they dont want you simple minded fool
couldn't afford ACA and no specialist will see me w/o insurance.  How's that helping working Americans get healthcare??
Hospitals don't run sick people off. They are stabilized.
There are only 9 million people on Obamacare so how is it that 16 million lose care? 
did you get your facts from #CNN
Why don't those 16 million purchase their own healthcare like the real taxpayers do? Not the taxpayers responsibility to fund subsidies.
But there is only 10.3 million on obamacare now....
Dems are like children with this shit. Young adults usually don't want or need health insurance. "Oh noes think of the children!"
Thank you for standing up for us, Senator! All the Oregonians I know are proud of your efforts.
What, lose the care that I never wanted in the first place and was forced to purchase? Yes please!
Keep fighting for us, Senator Merkley
You mean 16 million could drop mandatory healthcare if they don't want it?
Ok then so how do you fix the continued increasing out of paycheck cost for insurance and rising premiums for avg ppl??
Obamacare is equally treacherous! Trust that!!
So it's not saving lives nor calories? #SkinnyRepeal sounds horrible.
PROVEN FACT:  YES, 16 million WILL OPT OUT after no longer being FORCED to have ACA!! That news released today by CBO (you should know!)!
Don't worry- Jehovah and Brownback will provide for all the rich Republicans. What a POG.
16 million people would be set free from being forced to by Obama care in the first place. This man needs to do his job or go home.
I'm 100% behind you, Jeff!  Keep being my voice.
Liberals made mess. How did we survive b4 BOCare. So great?Why r you exempt! My middle class income wiped out bc of BOCare! I pay-can't use!
Everyone take two min. to watch Steny Hoyer, #skinnybill is a trap
.@SenateGOP should not pass #SkinnyRepeal so the House can pass & send straight to the President--w/o consideration, hearings, scoring. 
Peace of mind has Already been destroyed 4 millions of Americans Forced or Unable to Pay for Obamacare and Unable to get the care They need.
Weird. No one seemed to want to compromise back when the ACA was first passed to begin with. And yet we are stuck with higher premiums.
Why is government in the healthcare business look at Charlie Gard in UK, will be murdered under government run healthcare so sad
Aren't almost all insurance losses people who choose to not buy insurance because they wont have to pay tax penalty with any O'care repeal?
they will definitely lose care under Obamacare! Deductibles too high! have insurance is 1 thing, being able to use is another
How could 16M lose care when only 11M are on Obamacare?
You didn't care about millions booted off the plans they could afford, and liked by Ocare. So stop the power-grabbing leftist propaganda.
Merkley 2020
There aren't 16 million enrolled.. Seriously, were do you get 16 million?
Multiple ripped discs in my back and Obamacare wants to waste money on pseudo-science acupuncture and "pool therapy" instead of pain meds.
And let's not be stupid, most of the coverage is a joke, they signed me up for "pool therapy" instead of prescribing pain meds for my back.
16 million lose care so our children will magically lose 30+ TRILLION in debt (within just 10 years)... where's the problem again?
Unreal! Another amazing move by the current govt!
Shame on you! You all are responsible for the mess we are in. You lied to us and passed Obama care. You keep lying on and on! Disgusting!
16 million 
10 mil only signed up for crapycare
you guys going to exempt yourselves again while you screw us over AGAIN?
1) There aren't that many people on ACA to start with, 2) most who 'lose' will CHOOSE not to buy it anymore, and 3) you know it; stop lying.
11.4 million people are expected to be in Obamacare policies during 2017. Some 10.4 million people were enrolled as of June. (From CNN)
Fear mongering again. My premiums are up %40. 
How about you go under it instead of you exemption if it's so good, why the exemption?
Seriously? There were only 10.4 million signed up for Obamacare as of June!! So you're LIAR! Hmm?
They got that peace of mind at the expense of the middle class. Why do they deserve that?
16 MIL don't lose care.  They will choose not to buy it.  Big difference.
Get back there and vote for #RepealAndReplace #RepealObamacare
I bet if you had the same insurance that other Fed employees and public had you would take this more seriously.
CORRUPT DEMOCRATIC POLITICIAN TWISTING TRUTH! WHAT BOUT PPL WHO HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE 2AFFORD OBUMERCARE & AS RESULT HAVE NO INS? #SkinnyRepeal
More BS
Really Senator why are you ignoring the imploding ACA and avoiding fixing.
You Dems should be ashamed.Millions haven't had peace of mind for 7 years.And you haven't cared about us until now.Repeal ACA #skinnybill
Amen. None of these have cared who had insurance before. Can't afford it still have none.
U mean 16 million choose not to buy Ocare crap, 2 million this year backed out paying for it. Repeal and go back to way it was with preexist
LIAR 16 Million will now have choice, only liberals idiots can make CHOSE = LOSE no wonder you lose so many elections.
Go convince your GOP colleagues. You're preaching to the choir here.
what about taking Sen Daines up on his amendment of a single payor "Medicare for All" proposal?  Wouldn't that be a good thing?
no
Well I had to pay upwards of $5000 before I could even just pay a co-pay to have a routine doctors visit.  And I pay into the system bud!
Stay strong and vote No on #SkinnyRepeal and #SaveACA
thats not true. They get a choice now. #defendthemiddleclass
Nonsense. Choice to do as wish. And some just choose no. Numbers hog wash as history has proven over & over. Save America NOW!
No lifetime caps PLEASE
Is that part of the 16 mil people that were forced to get ins so they were not fined?
By "lose," you mean opt out don't you?  Deceptive.
....... and 34 million will not have insurance they never wanted in the first place. Kill the mandate.
It's all about supporting the pocketbooks of the rich--that's @realdonaldtrump agenda--nothing else.
Mandatory coverage 4the young who don't need full coverage is insane guys don't need maternity etc free market buy what u need&can afford
Blah blah blah
A destroyed peace of mind is not covered.
Most can't go now either paying penalty or can't afford the deductible to call someone insure w a6 or 8k deductible is bullshit
can or can't?
Considering more than half are probably forced to join ACA under the mandates I think they'd be happy to leave http://www.freedomworks.org/content/66-million-americans-were-forced-pay-obamacares-individual-mandate-tax-2014 …
You mean 16 million will have a choice to opt out because there's no mandate.
16M lose care...simply because they will NOT be FORCED by their gov't to purchase something they don't want..good, bad or ugly.
The #ACA and coverage have saved the lives of my family members, some of which got coverage in the nick of time.
And it has harmed many many more.

Jeff Merkel, you will carry Louisiana, just run for President we need you!
On the bright side, the 16 M are probably those coerced into buying coverage by Democrat tyrants though the ACA individual mandate.
Exactly! That is what they don't want to talk about!
And let's just reflect on the ripple effect for a moment. 16 million people--plus families swept up too. Rips community fabric to shreds.
of your supposed 16million, how many people don't want to be paying for insurance because they are young and healthy?
My deductibles robbed me of that peace of mind years ago. REPEAL OBAMACARE!
"...as a standalone proposition it would destroy the insurance markets & we would own the failure..." @LindseyGrahamSC #SkinnyRepeal
@SenRandPauI: I stand for liberty! It's about the freedom to get sick, then lose everything.
load of BS.  the end of the housing crisis is what that graph is really showing.
"Medical bills are the single largest cause of consumer bankruptcy."
That and a 20 % premium increase would further put healthcare out of reach for many.
But only 10.4 million are on ObamaCare 
More. Lies.
No it does not. It means medical device manufacturers can cut costs to customers and expand business. That doesn't affect health care
@robportman cares more about growth of Medicaid and what he thinks that means. He thinks In numbers, not individuals.
BTW
2:
Well..we surely all have ignored that Trump's new Commerce Secretary is probably a Russian money launderer!
…
You should have thought about that before Obamacare. We're done paying treatment-prohibitive deductibles at the expense of our families.
I am sick! I am worried about getting the care I need or becoming one of the 15% that succumbs to #lupus! Call your damn senators.
government shouldnt be in healthcare at all you twit
Clearly that was working! 
