"yea, but that's just a loophole he *should* take advantage of under a weak president!"   Oh wait...
sidenote: it's funny (scary) how all their arguments are basically gone now that HRC and Obama aren't around
Aren't around...  for less than 72 hours?!

Are you fucking kidding me?
Seriously, this wins for most idiotic thing Ive heard today. And I heard Trump was going to nuke on a whim
Stand back and be objective.  Listen to them and understand WHY they voted for him.  It's not racism.
Maybe, just maybe, it's the near $10T of debt Obama wracked up in the past 8 years, DOUBLING our debt.
that doesn't change that DT didn't run a racist and bigoted campaign
Did he now?  Calling him a bigot after you refuse to consider any motivation beyond a single word.
He isn't running the Trump company any longer.  Shouldn't you direct a business matter to Eric or Don Jr?
That's not a blind trust, genius. He KNOWS them.
By asking the President to move production is asking him to manage his business.  Definitely a unique situation.
Not unique. 1000s of people in govt service prior to this have done it. WITHOUT making all the fuss Trump is.
people will go nuts that he is still involved with the business.  This SHOULD have been done by last Fri. 2/2
Agree. And it should have been done far earlier than last Fri.
Agreed.  Each state needs to pass a law saying 7 year's worth of taxes need to be released to appear on a ballot too.
I've been saying this for months. Taxes should be mandatory. IMO, it would have ended Trump campaign.
and Congress should stop buying electronic equipment & office supplies made oversees. Fuck you bitch!
It's OVERSEAS, genius. Sigh.
Thank you, glad to know you are perfect & have never made a #typo. 
#ItsOVERSEAS sigh
Was the vulgar, unprovoked, misogynist ad hominem attack also a typo? #rescuedbygrace
Would that it were!
I hope you are up in two years. GONE
Dors the President own factories overseas? Where? What do they produce?
That's a "knock-off" tie.
Build an environment to promote job creation at home.Dynamic society needs less regulation and partnership btwn govt.&industry.
Boycott anything Trump!!!!
@njm4250 yes, he had said during campaign that he desired to be able to do that to be competitive. You missed that I'm sure
no to his wall, no to keeping out refugees, no to his lousy cabinet choices, no to getting rid of Obamacare. No to T !!!
don't forget the Republicans spent 8 years obstructing Obama. Wouldn't let him bring forth his Supreme Court pick!
I agree
when the fish, bite the trap...
@AmyEWilton JOSEPH A. SPANIOLO, PLAINTIFF-APPELLANT,
v.
CENTRAL CARTAGE COMPANY AND TEAMSTERS UNION LOCAL 299,
DEFENDANTS
Trump begins in the first week of bloodshed of Yemenis and Americans a bad start and the end will be worse   #trump_is_trap
His ffactories are not under his control all his holdings were handed over to his sons
Macolmb co gave Michigan to
@njm4250 Dems have had control of Detroit for 50 years and it looks like a war zone. Thank you!
You're the first person I've seen hold the dunce  @realdonaldtrump accountable. Thank you!!!
#POTUS could have started #MAGA years ago by bringing his own manufacturing back to US.  "Shockingly" did not

Trump plans to lower his own taxes, doesn't care about unions, makes his own stuff abroad. #wakeup

Yes, see how Trump's taxes go down the most?  The richest folks get the largest decrease.
@badgirl_loony one of his biggest promises bring jobs back, not one question to him about all his products made in china??
I mean really!  How does he squawk and still make his crapolla in China?
free trade, he supports other countries.  Isn't that what our past pres. Wanted
@markhachman your mean! Tweet productive NICE ideas or jus zip it! #stop dividing us
(>.<) @SenStabenow what's insane re: your sensible statement is POTUS still owns businesses! #ConflictsOfInterest
I strongly support bringing jobs home. The President should start by closing his own foreign factories. 
@njm4250 
You want a factory in your state?
R U kidding me,what good business owner would not make the same product for a 5th of the cost overseas?Don't prey on ignorance!
Its hard to buy American when you & Democrats pushed NAFTA, high taxation & bad regulations which closed US businesses.
@dfields_23 After all the jobs have been outsourced overseas...where have you been for the last 8 years Debbie?
He will just as soon as he does away with all the ridiculous job stopping regulations & lowers taxes.
@yourcyberpages what his ties aren't really worth $300 each, hahhah
good point. Bringing home jobs is at best only a small part of the answer
A True American would be outraged by this. Never Imagined This. None of Trump’s products made in USA. Hypocrisy
obviously he will be buying American products as soon as small businesses can afford to run them here. Too many taxes!
I called your office today but your voice mailbox was full.  Please oppose efforts to reinstate  DAPL and Keystone pipelines!!
.@SenStabenow he doesn't have "foreign factories" that's not how this works. It's contract manufacturing, as a senator please learn about
sent over 184 shipments
via shipping companies with Iranian ties. http://media.wix.com/ugd/61e09d_c7e440590bb24649b255fe5c0ef9e99b.pdf …
why don't @jaketapper, @andersoncooper  et all hammer him with this every fucking time they see him?
They're busy sucking up to him!
Amen
@paynedc preach and thank you 4 saying it!

@badgirl_loony His supporter read " Mad with China".....ey even bought his red caps and t-shirt with "Make me rich again" ...
@realDonaldTrump Come on Donald
yes! Im a union person but they need to remember who pays the dues, he's playing them just like #dapl once its built then what?
My wife made me donate all those #trump ties and shirts to #goodwill which are probably still on the free rack.
LOL He's expanded not curtailed overseas interests. If wishes were horses, beggars would ride. Not "should"..MUST! Be forceful!
@debbietroche A leader leads by example. ...nuf sadly said!  :(
Can you say no integrity, no accountability, no ethics?It's just the start of his reign. Silencing scientists..#dangerous times
Thank u Senator.
@K_Creations Trump 'Signature' Suits in Mexico, Hats & Ties in China & Bangladesh, furniture in Philippines & Malaysia, etc...
maybe if you pass lower corp tax rate, roll back regulations companies can afford to manufacture here again.
@joshalvrez
BOOM
do you even business
impeach him! No grandstanding!!
Will these products be hugely taxed to come into US
So you do support Trumps principles?  Great, now vote to eliminate Nafta.
I'd only hope that would be part of his plan in creating all those jobs in the first 100 days.
With all due respect, you and like-minded Senators must band together & ride this criminal out of town. It will only get worse.
when will his come to the US and he pay taxes?
@wtfnewsamerica The president has done more in 2 days than Obama did over 8 years.
Debbie the people of Michigan have voted on the hunting and trapping of wolves in Michigan we have to serve the majority
you'd think you'd be more interested in more auto jobs in MI than scoring cheap political points
US should lead world in green technologies, not give others 4yr head start, because he doesn't beleive science
He must fully dewipe US for security
This Michigan voter supports you Debbie. If Trump is going to bash the auto industry, he should damn well follow suit!
Closing his foreign factories will cost Trump...I mean Trump's sons $$.
挺好
I believe Ivanka also makes her clothing line in China
The caps that were sold during the inauguration were made in China although slogan said "Make America Great Again"
15? senate dems voted for POMPEO who sees this as HOLY WAR.  Separation of church/state senators!
.@SenStabenow @SaysSheToday Of course, it would be nice if he would follow the law and divest right after that.
de hecho lo hará, tranquila
Finally!  So happy to see this tweet.  Now I don't feel so alone.
do the country a favor - buy a one way ticket and go do it.
@lavenderblue27 campaign is over Senator, time to get work for the American people.
@DemResistance @realDonaldTrump Ivanka and u both should bring these jobs home. What do think?!?
Fight against interstate #Crosscheck Kobach's next plan is 2 require an OG birth certificate or passport 2 vote!GOP will control gov4decades
@LeslieMarshall @steph93065 

Make up your mind Senator Libtard do you want him involved with his family business or not?
@TRUTH_TWEETERS I can't leave a message on your voice mail it is full haven't been able to get ahold of you.Trump is no good
:I FERVENTLY, PRAYERFULLY HOPE THAT YOU DEMOCRATS REALIZE THIS IS A #NAZIKOCHBROSGOPCOUP AND ACT ACCORDINGLY AND SWIFTLY!!!
Agreed. If not, heavily taxed! Divest or faces heavy taxes, and impeachment @POTUS!
@DemResistance and his daughter's manufacturing in Taiwan & Ethiopia #TheResistance #ImpeachTrump
@SenJeffMerkley As a constituent in MI Trump has prob delivered more jobs in 4 days than u have in your time in office Disgrace
Ivanka just moved her line to Ethiopia, they were cheaper than China. ALL of the Trump family's lines=made USA!
It may come 2 that point if DT happens 2 be satisfied with his new-created tax & other environment - can't be ruled out
DONALD TRUMP IS INSANE.
Great post.  America has been scammed.  He is LOVING what has happened.  Lies, and lies...  Our USA is in danger.   Neo-Hitler.
exactly,been saying that for weeks ,to date Trump hasn't been challenged to lead by example & shut down his overseas factories

How in the hell did MI end up voting Trump? Please keep fighting. Don't stop.
Should u really b worried about where a tie was made? Aren't there more important things to tend to like the water in ur state?
I asked something similar months ago
So is @realDonaldTrump gonna open a tie making factory for African Americans in Milwaukee??? @VanJones68
Why should he damage his own interests to confirm your thoughts?
I am sure he will when factories available in US. Right now there isn't any. Wonder why not??
well said, make it on American practice what he preaches! Let's see this happen!!!
The only thing he does retroactive is make his past inauguration a holiday.
He misses so many opportunities to unify.  Like this, he could have announced this on day one.  Thanks for fighting for us!
Trump should also hire Americans to work at Mar-a-Lago
Right on
@Syndeess yes why does no one ask him that ?
he is playing you all..everyone in congress. a narcisstic person only cares about self. he will benefit it not stopped. Democrats must fight
why can't he be penalize like he wants to do with other companies
maybe he can hold a photo op with himself.
@EJLandwehr Hold him accountable! The more bills he signs, the worse off we all are. Stop him now. #ImpeachTrump
you do know as a Senator u hav the power & support of people to take a stand, take action #TrumpIsAContradiction #AmericanMade
shittiest clothes in the world @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Americans don't want to work in Trump factories. Let's build the jobs if the future, not the 50s.
plus 1st Lady Ivanka also has clothing &shoe &jewelry lines!Boycot Macey;s &Nordstromes!Any other carrying their junk!
Just a little humor. If he closes his tie factory. He won't be able to buy Chinese scotch tape to hold them together.
Or by obeying laws and not committing election fraud! Hi, Deb! -MM
should he be involved in his businesses or not? Make up your mind.
If democrats had not regulated and stifled american industry this would not be necessary. Trump will fix it all
@dsheehy100 It's a great idea, but there are no longer the ppl trained to do such jobs. It's skilled work, undermined for yrs
Seclective thinking is all Mien Kampf Trump &Swamp Rats do best!Laws &Rules dont apply 2 them!Only everyone else!
Keep fighting!! These people are not looking out for Americans best interest.
And maybe not implementing a hiring freeze on federal workers.
The "President" should start by resigning
@Notoriousjrs He can't first he OWES $, 2nd he makes a commission on brand, 3rd he hasn't PROVEN he's divested completely! TAX?
Most of the items in chumps hotels are made overseas too! And it wasn't long ago when he said this...
Finally a senator with the balls to tell it like it is. Of course it would be a woman.
Twitter:all talk and no action$
- thank you! @realDonaldTrump is a hypocrite. #DontheCon as #POTUS is a tragedy!
I have yet to hear anyone from the media call him on this!
Loving how all your haters are exposing their idiocy in their tweets.

Keep up the great work!
and the Democrats socialist factories, starting NOW.and the distribute your wealth.
he shouldn't be making profit on merchandise anymore now anyways?
◆◆Maybe someone should start asking Trump pointedly, why he is saying one thing, and, Ivanka & him sending work overseas..?..
@ArethadKitson lol bring your ties and suits home from China.
@realDonaldTrump When he succeeds it will make business sense to do just that; EXPECT DEMS to DELAY & WAIST TIME.
Same in UK. Both followed Friedman's mantra, both saw their industries decimated to benefit a few, while making millions poor
I can't understand why this isn't reported on ... why wasn't this addressed at press conference ?
he puts spanish translations on the clothes he has made in china
@SenStabenow @NanaDavis_46
I will be the first one to buy one of his American-made ties, but I doubt that day will never come.
We cannot compete with China in manufacture and live on the wages needed to do so nor afford the overhead.

I bought a granite mortar and pestle made in China for $12.99 Cdn. The grind stones to make it would cost over $20. in Canada.
When are the Republicans going to remove these pesky origin of manufacture regulations stifling business?
Are they still producing them? Geez.
Yes!

The president, any president, shouldn't be "in business" at all while in office. Do your real job, Senator.
You are so correct. But he never mentions that.
good point.   @realDonaldTrump @POTUS why not set the example about being Patriotic and paying taxes?  @KeithOlbermann agree?
We could place a 35% tariff on his imported goods.

That, plus stopping his clntrol of his empire while he is still in office, although he will be POTUS for just for a short time.
@JFrancisco999
also daughter ivkana's shoes are now being made n ethiopia even if she's not running it day to day in nyc: she's flotus now
He has to pay his boyfriend Putin off...He can't even show his tax returns...Putin is watching.....

@realDonaldTrump  Hey Donald...whats up with your companies?
@devislaskar I guess the huge border tax will only apply to companies that move & not the ones already abroad, like his.
Yep. Gotta keep calling and writing and voicing our opposition
@inky_mark 
You "strongly support" government economic planners forcing more Americans into low value-added jobs
Socialist fool
reading this: "the Presidents own foreign factories" is surreal
..Another Loser on a Meltdown...Fun to watch...Ha3
agree!
But that would be absolutely contrary to why he ran in the first place! How can one rape a country and do that also!
Does @realDonaldTrump actually OWN Foreign Factories. I'm being challenged on that point #ICareAboutTheTaxReturns
"Hecho 中国制造 by #DonaldTrump" Did I get that translation right? :) #p2 #democrat #tcot #migop #cnn #msnbc #politico
Pathetic
and Ivanka's
they're silk ties. Can you find American silk? No. Silk is produced in Asia.
Stop tweeting & do something about it!  Rise up, we did!
And his sons who are allegedly calling the shots, they are in the process of doing just that?

we need to keep showing these examples. Do as I say and not as I do sums him up perfectly.
@malcolmclarke82 
Its another Trump failure,nothing to bring home and who will have been rip off?
like 100's of apparel firms he contracts in China to manufacture apparel. 
What you out to look into is his holding company.
his apparel firm has a foreign holding company whose profits never see the US.
@cocaine_nd_hoes he's said countless times he's going to do just that once he's in office. Now we wait.
#FraudInChief
he would but he stepped away from all of his businesses. Just the kids now. No involvement at all. (etc)
And/or his products brought into the US should be hit with a 35% tax. Just like @realDonaldTrump said on the campaign.
you go Mrs.Stabenow!
#Americans #wakeup and stop buying his products 
"Look for the Union Label, American Label"
Such a little thing but it would help prove he's not a lying shyster. Never mind, he is.
#AlternateFacts China is part of the United States, @SenStabenow
#GrabYourWallet
@IvankaTrump is worse, she has her products made in china for now, than moving to Ethiopia? Hmm must be the food?!
@marpeesh Can't retweet this enough,Hypocrisy at it's worst.Preach 1 thing and does another,ok.
righton, Senator!
@sgrant525   Been waiting for this question to be raised. About time!!!
@aravosis Shut up. It was US policies that that made outsourcing the better business model. No more!
He's out there bullying Carrier, Ford and GM. Its so sad.
what are you even taking about?
** #Trump is personally excluded from his demented demands of all.
#Trump 's only goal is to try to actually attain wealth now
