as a Buddhist, i beg u guys please don't assume this guy as our representative.. he's too political to be our 'religious leader'..
As practicing Tao follower (Taoist is organized religion/corruptible) I don't follow anyone/thing blindly
I follow truth
Why protect things
i never follow anybody blindly.. i follow a person who wants to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, what's wrong with that?
He's lying to you
The government leaders who he admires 
Is a window to his soul his thoughts are troubling
The list goes on
bla.. bla.. bla.. come back if you already have 100 followers
I don't think China would survive with the Paris Climate Accord if they don't have restrictions and regulations until 2030...
Sono i ~potent~i che hanno deciso di destruggere nos posto terreno bellissimo. Io faccio il mio .Benedizioni per questi uomini 
Why? all he has done is point out the obvious any1 can do that 
But to name the group that is murdering r #environment that would b brave
I could name the group: humankind! #thinkaboutit
So u think all humankind voted to destroy the world ?
Some things need no vote. Just lack of knowledge.
But no 
You will just blame
the poor
The powerless 
And the people who live all there life's in fear

What made u become such a monster?
You are funny man! Blaming the poor is not in my mind. Is it in yours? If not, why stating it? Did you ever nearly starved? I did! So what?!
We humans are the ones who are responsible, so let's take the task and just start a change. Knowledge is important for that, not ideology
We, the majority, cannot protect our environment while the world's resources and all the industries, factories etc are owned by capitalists.
check China if you want to see how the state manages such things. We simply have to restrict the use of toxic fuels
changing who controls their use won't help a thing. It's the fact of their use.
Who controls their use is critical to HOW they’re used. In profit-driven economies, what’s safe & clean gets ignored. China isn’t socialist.
in a socialist utopia, who determines the how?
We say socialism will be far better (“utopia” is your word). With socialism, all the people are in control. Why would they cause pollution?
I'm simply trying to understand how the doctrine applies contemporarily. When everyone owns everything, how is course set?
There will then be full democracy. The whole society would decide on what happens. Exactly how this process happens would be up them.
Hope @SecretaryZinke is reading.
I agree
بدنا حدا يترجملنا عربي، لبناني يعني، حتى كل الشعب يفهم !!
@realDonaldTrump please take note of His Holiness Dalia Lama regarding the environment. It is not a luxury, but a necessity for survival!
@SheffCouncil would benefit from these wise words. The battle of Tarmac v Trees is dividing communities. 5700 mature street trees destroyed in 5yrs and all their essential benefits lost from our city. Respecting nature is respecting human life. #SaveSheffTrees
That tree stump has a heart  shape in it 
It is *also* a luxury we can choose to enjoy Mr. Lama.  :-D

Because if we're going to, I think it will be best done if we love doing it.
Thank you, love hearing your thoughts...
Doing my part of protecting by volunteering at a deer rescue.  This is the newest 4 day old orphan.
how do they get 'orphaned'?
I am a volunteer for a deer rescue. Im qualified to rescue, assess & treat, transport & care for orphaned & injured deer & fawns.
As Stoicism says, the Universe is like a great animal being. And Earth will survive us, if we destroy it. I don't want us to die.
You hold my daughter nicole feraminu machiminu stephan as capture Prisoner .Let her go home to Munich. 017626708086.ilove you Nicole stephan
Remember when we talked on 10/24/1992 you told me it could already be too late, you told me to work hard.  SEE: http://docdro.id/PPwduxg  
We will survive with the majority of our population continuing on withParisClimateAgreement withoutTrump and his minority of our population!
April is Prevention of Cruelty To Animals month #AnimalCruelty And this is our #shelter new animal: Jagger, #moveslikejagger
martinkem  Thank you for sharing the wisdom @DalaiLama #quotes
Private companies can do this too
Meaning what? We should redistribute the wealth to the "enlightened" and make one global religion/set of rules? Like Babel? #antichrist
Wish the Trump Administration felt the same way.
Just learned airplanes can't take off when it is too hot! But global warming is a lie. Right!
how do the Ohlone people respond to the beach block? These are unceded lands. There is 0 reason the Treaty of Hildago should count, Illegal.
Fake News
You could be a real environment leader if you stopped eating animals, and helped to reduce the huge carbon footprint of animal agriculture
True, more we move away from nature less human we become, stay blessed
People's are not following nature rule.that why peoples are suffering.
it starts in every single home around the world.. reduce, recycle, re-use.. and grow veges and fruits.. and remember to bless the water
Get rid of governance of any kind and you will see how you can thrive in balance with nature.
Is Earth a living being? Do you believe that this being which is billions of years old would be threatened by an infant species - humans?
It's not luxury, very true. I'll definitely do every bit I can in my daily life.
Fully agree 
As usual the DalaiLama keeps it simple.
Well stated - much gratitude to you!
Absolutely.  If every single person picked one article of litter up per day there would be a Global Change!
达赖农奴主，接收美国人钱后就变民主了，哈哈
...which makes the US pulling out of the Paris agreement so fatal and short-sighted.
@rustyrockets  And so it is!
I wonder would you get elected in Pittsburgh?
Esli polovina naseleniya planeti kajdij qod sajal bi odno derevo ,to nasha planeta Zemlya prevratitsya v ray..Razve eto ne vozmojno?
Wise words from one of the purest souls on earth-we are so lucky to be living at the same time as Dalai Lama-he's a gift to humanity
Such a simple statement but it packs so much truth.
We just want more people to think this way. #wayoflife #SayNoToPlastic
@breewilliamson absolutely
The breadth of humanity hangs by this thread
If everyone was as wise as you it could happen.
anneepl  Thank you for sharing the wisdom @DalaiLama #quotes
Survival without Liberty is not worth living. Liberty is the freedom to do what is lawful.
Excelent
This is true.
This is the best message of the year for the environment day.
Excellent
Often I choose no poisons. Bless me DL. My yard is weeds and sparrows and bees and spiders and a ridiculous wealth of life!
vad betalr du för att fri ta tibet ?
Protecting our environment is not a luxury we can choose to enjoy, but a simple matter of survival.
Inspirational as always. Thank you.

very true His Holiness Dalai Lama Ji
A por el aprecio al planeta de los jugos 
We may die off, the planet will live on. That may not be a bad thing.
Expound defense
And an HONOUR to tend such beauty, alongside Mother Nature
For the current generation whose survival may be unaffected, it's an indispensable moral obligation!
YES YES!
You are a beautiful example of the best of  humanity
Yes but we have Tories to deal with. All the best mate. #GE
I think this is not an either/or, but a need to make progress on both fronts
Nope. There is no future in a bunch of financial tarts.

We're sleepwalking into the greatest human crisis. Overpopulation. Why isn't it being discussed?
Not sure why this would be a controversial statement, but sadly it is.
The device you are using to twitt...will soon be thrash...What are you talking about!!??
So
Qql
To leave  this luxury to be enjoyed by next generations
Thank you
Agree. But protecting #environment has nothing to do with human #CO2. #climatechange is natural. #CO2 helps the #Earth #Taiji is disgraceful
I think you're so correct we have to protect everything we have here because actually we were made for the earth .
Let us know when and where you find actual damage to the environment.
Trump may need a lesson on the matter from the great teacher soon.
Long life prayer to His Holiness the fourteenth Dalai Lama of Tibet. May His life be secure. May His wishes be fulfilled!
Thank you for your simple, honest words. Everyone needs to be reminded of this truth.Nancy Abrams
@hollyinvt
All countries have to accept this
Seems to be echoing the Pope's sentiments.
顶礼尊者达赖喇嘛
Almost there, "of our survival", man that's a bit selfish.
#Drumpf says otherwise.
Retirate vende humo...
我日你妈
Indeed
Pay up.
Here here nature, environment so important for us all. #carefornature #worldsfuture
your about as holy as a bacon butty
avatdeoceania  Thank you for sharing the wisdom @DalaiLama #quotes
:)
The spirit and body are not in balance. Races migrate because we have disturbed the natural phenomena so much that the Earth is angry!
Sir,
Now we are moving from wooden to artificial and this is the main reason i think. Please do and need to do something.
Go away.
Protecting our environment is not a luxury we can choose to enjoy, but a simple matter of survival. RT @DalaiLama @LUKIKA
Uomo verticale
We must protect the planet for the future of all mankind. Our survival depends on it.
@narendramodi @vertmanhindsikh Osho and Budha follower in social media taunting against hindu dharma, They forget Both R son of Hindu
Request to Govt put full eyes on Communist/Bodha/Osho/ khalistani follower much dangerious in front muslim, attach with Out of country all
@BrendonBurchard Creating love
Unfortunately not many understand that or choose to understand! Some prefer to live in ignorance!
Apparently our brutal prez doesn't think so
@justDrewHorn  @ACDietzy

Absolutely true. Earliest we understand, better it wd be for us and for our future generation.
Our Creator will never allow man to destroy the CREATOR CREATION. Man was one of the CREATOR'S CREATION.Given Dominion over all. EXTINCTION.
#Nithyanandam#it's a matter of humanity
Heres ur truth numnuts..
Not simple enough for Trump to grasp, unfortunately.
Delhi, the most polluted city in the world. India, is the world's No. 3 emitter of greenhouse gases.  Keep up the good work 
I agree-but are you being told to pay trillions of$$$ into a slush fund? When all nations are held to the same standards we can talk!
So everyone do their part and start protecting it you don't need the USA's dollars. 
garbage bags Sheetrock big recycling bins next to every garbage can in public
Yes, your holiness, but I doubt my President would have the courage to meet with you.
So very very very true...
The Earth, the Universe, at any point in time can reclaim their power over our whims.
Grateful for their Mercy ♡
I agree completly
The bells are ringing and only a few are listening
Call Trump...please
It never even crossed my mind the Dalai Lama might be on Twitter.  I am overjoyed.
I don't believe in Greedy CO2 scams.  I do believe in Greedy people trying to make $$ off them.  Pollution in water, air, soil hurts people.
Too bad the guy in the WH is also a simple matter. Another couple of brain cells and he'd have something to rub together.
Those who blame "capitalists": Socialist" nations are major polluters&human rights abusers. Less finger-pointing. It's just the ONE lifeboat
Thank you @DalaiLama
We must come to recognize we are all connected.
we all destroying our Life source
I think you need to tell Trump that before he destroys us all
Agreed but we do not need a phony globalist tax to achieve this goal. Conscious effort not authoritarianism.
Why not just mention @realDonaldTrump
Indeed it is.
Totally agree. #GoVegan
Energy source. Need clean source.
...it would cost US billions of tax dollars..But to the Democrats, that all sounds good. ???
Under #Obama's Paris climate agreement. China&India could still burn coal till 2030 were as we can't..So what's the point?...&
Cause we are the 2nd biggest polluter? And by each individual we pollute the most. India and China area striving for clean energy too.
bona nit figura :D
People should realize this to build all living beings future....
hhh as Chinese, it's the only thing you are right !
You know when the Dalai Lama is tweeting about the environment that it is IMPORTANT! #walkeup people!
Then why aren't the spiritual leaders of earth talking shit about people who are holding humans back? You and the pope are very silent.
China has occupied Tibbet . You should fight for freedom
You realize I don't want to be bloody poor, You can go run off into the forest for the enviorment,while I sit back and relax with meh coffee
all I know is that this man supported The terrorist attack in western China, just like what happened in European.
Min Wiconi! Water is life! Protect our earth.
You are right. This is something tribe that inhabited Shenandoah Valley knew. Decisions based on condition  land. 7 generations away
and going vegan in order to protect it
Amen sir, thank u for speaking out,backing out of the #ParisAccord is a REALLY bad decision by my friends in America,pray things change 
Could you become the head of our EPA?
Kara Dalai Lama, vu es perfekte justa. Ma la homi qui direktas la konsumosocio ne interesesas pri co. Nur pekunio es importanta a li.
Pulling out of agreement doesn't mean the US will not remain vigilant on the use of renewable resources. Just means we won't pay others
Thank you for your wisdom and clarity.
Neighborhoods & worrying about cops murdering us when we're unarmed & following their orders
Well African Americans aren't thinking about the environment we're to busy worrying about gang violence bad education living in poor
those who don't believe just look at the weather it doesn't take that much to recycle and be aware of what we do to this planet just care!!
Simply said
Real Americans are in danger of Extinction.
Bravo
where is gutham butha swamy born, who role the thibaath. what about nepal, one holiwood film made in nepal.
Well Said  ! 
Hope all realise this in time .
We protect ours, you protect yours and we will all be protected.
So.. paying money to the gov changes the weather?
So true
#imagineAworld that appreciates compassion, the courage to help plants and animals live a good life
I feel anger and hatred towards those who seek to destroy our environment and animals.  How can I be rid of this and still love the Earth?
swamy pluse our family
