You spin as much as David Duke, looking for the limelight
Trump should be called out for what he is:  A racist and Nazi sympathizer.
Do something about it. You are a Senator. You have power. Do something. Stop the Senate until he is gone.
Sadly, he's a democrat in a @GOP senate. Unless GOP decide to stand up for what's right & not just hold party lines, his hands are tied.
You libs are lied to everyday by Democrat Senators & Cong.  & too dumb to know it.
No it doesn't. Trump doesn't control what David Duke tweets. Smh.
Why is he defending racists? What is wrong with DJT?
Neurosyphilis
I love you that made me laugh
President Trump is not a bigot and you dang well know it Senator Merkley.
It really is scary that Trump is so afraid to piss off this segment of his voter base....#bigotinchief
Please start impeachment proceedings asap.
Merkley 2020?
@Lijarock @realDonaldTrump That about sums it up.
I agree.
btw - I'm an Independent Voter. Your nonsense helps keep me an Independent Voter. DNC and RNC, a pox on both your houses.
Hey Trump, in case you didn't know already it's NOT a good thing to have David Duke say he voted for you!
It tells us that the Russian conspiracy didn't work out very well so now it's back to everyone's a racist. What a joke.
Denounce trump and use his name.
#ImpeachTrump
Will you move to censure @POTUS ?
Yah. If your coments illicit support from duke/alt right/neo nazis, you're doing it wrong...Way fkn wrong. 
#impeachtheracist45
Really stop get something done for us americans!
RECALL Merkley.  He is more worried about illegal immigrants than American Citizens!!!!!!!!!!!!!
denounce #Antifa n #BlackLivesMatter and stop spreading the hate..you are part of the problem..#civilwar2
What's up with civil war 2 hashtag? If 45 gets impeached through an entirely legal process you want to wage a war?
Thanks for making Oregonians proud, Jeff! Hopefully @repgregwalden follows your lead and denounces this hate!
David Duke also endorsed Democrat Keith Ellison for DNC chair. What does that tell us? Hypocrite.
So, tell me again that KKK isn't a democrat ideology.
Keith Ellison & David Duke are both also very anti-Semitic hence the endorsement.
What was Congress' approval according to Gallup? 10%? Now THAT tells you all you need to know. 26 points lower than POTUS gotta hurt
Duke will be in the cabinet soon.
That's Because they Resonate to Hate Groups..
Are you daff? Hmmm.. Yes you are.. White Supremists were founded by the Democratic Party. We Conservatives arent dumbed down like. You..
Yup
Yes. Guilt by association.  Makes perfect sense.
Don't blame me, I voted for Gary!
So proud to call you my senator.
Today Trump was

100% authoritarian
100% Nazi supporting
100% white supremacists supporting
100% Trump.
Is supporting or covering for terrorists criminal? Does that make u a terrorist?

Does supporting or covering for racists make u a racist? 
Our Country is losing it's soul-We may not have much time left to save her-The majority of Americans & the World are terrified. #DoSomething
And we chug on down the line. We vote for people who promise to look out for us. You're there to stop this. DO SOMETHING!
Donald, how do we treat the racist kkk nicer? Is that your idea for us?
Don't you have some real work to do Jeff? A positve message? Get off twitter and do something.
Yes @CampbellSoupCo #BoycottCampbellSoup
So DO something about it! Lip service has run out for this voter! This is an insanity unlike any in my years of life! Where's the football?!
It certainly does, Senator!
So when you say your party is the party of soicial economical freedom and anti racist just like at history and we figure out the truth
Fact more democrats were members of the KKK than republicans
Your party started this in the first place the confederacy was founded and ran by democrats
David Duke is good freinds with crooked Hillary tells us all we need to know that your party has never changex
WE WANT IMPEACHMENT NOW!!!

Trump's mentally and morally unfit to perform his duties Senator. Time to give a dog whistle to the 25th Amend instead of to Nazi's!
Please work with whomever you need to remove this man from the WH!  Besides being crazy, he's ruining the name "White" House!
He's one of them his supporters like it and republicans are scared of him
If it takes a fist then smash them down.  Never Again!
If it takes a hand then hold them back.
. If it takes a voice then shout the truth.
The only thing important to you is Trump failing no matter what happens to US
Yes it does. Nazis in the white house
You are just performing a political smear job to hurt 63 million middle Americans who voted for him.
Are you that big a fool? Do you have control who endorses and/or agrees with you?
And the plan to do something about it is  . . . ??!
#ImpeachTrump
It's time to remove the 45th President
It's time to remove the 45th President.
Ok, Senator. Get on your phone with your GOP counterparts and make them take action against him.
We already knew. When will @GOP take a stand?
please, Senator, get your colleagues together and do something about this nut job hijacking the WH.
I heard this President say "we're changing culture" yes we'd like accomplish that! For me we must remove this President immediately!
Why does no one ask this crazy President why he is sticking his big nose into local city decisions. I don't recall anyone consulting him
No it doesn't, just because someone likes you doesn't mean you like them. Get a clue.
Stand for all of us and save our country from this President and his hate!
But then again you're a politician and right now I'm not sure intelligence and politicians have anything in common.
Senator it is time for you to stand up to him.
As a constituent I agree, but I now require action from you.  Words are no longer enough.  Act to remove this man from office.
#FireBannon #FireGorka #FireMiller #ImpeachTrump
I've been asking since Saturday: where is the WH rebuke of David Duke's statements from Saturday? Thank God I haven't been holding my breath
As a politician you Senator Merkley should be intelligent enough to know that the President can't control who thanks him.
Republicans will put up with a lot for a tax cut it seems.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P54sP0Nlngg … These character were arming themselves to go to the #MAGA rally. Vice News
It certainly does. His behavior emboldens the already crazed ones gearing up for "a civil war." Each day gets scarier and scarier!
Help us!
CHECK THE RECORDS DAVID DUKE IS A DEMOCRAT!
This was the most disgraceful unhinged rant the gibbon has flung at us yet. #ReclaimingOurTime #25ththe45th
Trump is a bigot. He lies for his base.  As long as Prez distracts the media and you from what repugs are doing in Congress he will stay.
How can Trump not be unanimously impeached by Congress after that revolting and disgusting display? - It's time to remove the Mad King.
The do something about it! Remove this divisive racist "President" from the office he holds. Make him accountable! #TrumpMustGo
I feel our country is suffering as result of the man. I love my country. What can we, the people do to stop this insanity? SERIOUS QUESTION
They speak the same language.
threes company Donny, David Duke and Putin... what a great POTUS you are... Sad LOSER, HATER, RACIST!!!
Actually that means nothing. Anyone can like anyone else's tweets. Klan members like Clintons posts, what does that say?
Many violent people like Clinton and Sanders comments. Many violent religious extremists did also, what does that say?
AND that he doesn't block Duke.
we do not like him  either so TANGO DOWN you are welcome
ANTIFA AND BLM ARE TERRORISTS ...as an Army retired vet I took an oath to protect against Domestic terrorism #MAGA
you sir are a liar that isn't the oath so why then, do you stand with the russian installed Nazi sympathiser and domestic terrorist killers
Please start impeaching proceedings. Our country is in a free for all without a leader
Renovations on the White House is officially done! Now it's The White Nationalists House Of The @POTUS !
Then step up and do something about it. It's time for impeachment

But but but, both sides.... Hillary.... that chick ted Kennedy killed
Censure. Impeach. Remove. He is unfit for the Presidency. He supports Nazis in his administration and in his heart.
https://twitter.com/immigrant4trump/status/896833093612470272 …
It really does show us all we need to know. It’s time to start impeachment or 25th amendment
Trump is a white supremacist. Tells all you need to know to start impeachment processes.

DOUBLE STANDARDS !! Listen to PATHETIC Non-Condemning Speech Obama gave after BLM Member Assassinated Police in Dallas !!

…
Please, as your supporter and voter - I plead with you to introduce Articles of Impeachment!
Soooo.... What's the plan
For Impeachment obviously lololololol
IMPEACH. he is completely unfit.
That's gonna take a lil courage from republicans
