Network news has become so partisan, distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and, if appropriate, revoked. Not fair to public!
Sure ,now you really sound like a dictator .
Also, other than standing aside exclaiming "Wow," please TAKE ACTION to remove him. "Wow" is not helping. Thanks.
I'm sick of people saying wow, they are all complicit if they don't take action. #CitizenOfOregon
It is enraging to picture a US Senator just standing there, mouth open: "Wow." Like he's powerless and befuddled. STOP IT.
AND SO MANY ARE DOING IT. Jesus, grab the constitution, read it, look at the names on it, and get some damn courage.

Come senators, congressmen
Please heed the call
There's a battle outside ragin'
It'll soon shake your windows
.......
Impeach Trump Now! 
Lying and violating the public trust. 1st Amendment isn't free of consequences. Doesnt matter the side, lies are lies.
Never thought I'd say it, Merkley, but I'm with you on that one. Sounds as crazy as the fairness doctrine...
Start impeachment now.
It is shocking that so many people are allowing him to stay in office. If it had been Obama behaving like this...sudden impeachment.
MSM has a responsibility to report the facts truthfully - the Airways belong to the American Public - “Fake News”/Propaganda is not allowed
You can't yell fire in a theater with out going to jail. So how can a news organization continually  lie and not be accounted for. They are not news but propaganda networks.
I'm looking and not seeing anyone in the position to so something, doing ANYTHING. For the love of the USA, be that guy who does SOMETHING.
This is what stupidity looks like. There are no "licenses" that can be "revoked" for network news. Get this impaired Moron out of office.
I'm both amazed and discouraged that more republican leaders haven't come out against this threat to the constitution and the country.
Perhaps some anti-BIAS laws would be good relative to "the media" Corporations MUST be limited in their propaganda.
Jeff,next time you see Him,kick him in the ass for me
ENOUGH!!!
#Impeach
#25thAmendment
@realDonaldTrump Really? I'm seeing what's happening in Oregon ya tool. Oregon # gang bangers welcome. Senator please FO
He is a hateful, negative presence. All I want to hear is that Congress has the wherewithal to begin the process of removing him from office
YOU are do FAKE, you should be revoked!
think #fakepresidentdonaldtrump will start with murdoch's b.s. mtn. empire?
In 9mo time we are now on the verge of isolation from allies, racial conflicts, financial & healthcare turmoil, and war. All by one person.
Scary.
Coming from the chief creator of fake news that tweet is ridiculous.
Correction: That's what a #DickTater looks like!
Horrible!!!
Are you JOKING ????? We will consider maybe if you include that "all fake news " channel. FOX
Get rid of him! Enough is enough! 25th Amendment!
So do something about it.
His approach may be wrong, but his point is on target.  BIAS in the media MUST be eliminated. Revoking a licenses might do that.
Antifa is what authoritarianism looks like, this is what the fairness doctrine looks like.  Sucks right?
How Putinesque!
More like Fascism
Welcome to the jungle republic @senjeffmerkly
Every day Trump violates his oath of office, the Constitution/law & his mental health status is highly questionable. When will it stop?
So what is being done to stop this ? It’s time for Congress men and women to standup go public with their disapproval. Start a conversation
No what have we have seen in the last 9 years is media being bought and journalism is DEAD. It's so corrupt I boycotted NBC<CBS<CNN<MSM ABC
How much longer can this shit go on?? Seriously. Good Lord I can't believe you Americans aren't storming WH by the millions yet.
That's what Nazism looks like...
@SenJeffMerkley @RonWyden @RepPeterDeFazio #impeach
No, this is what authoritarianism actually looks like...derp.
Listen jeffy, we're tired of the lies and deception from mainstream media. We're awake and we see the manipulation. No longer acceptable.
Obviously Donny doesn’t understand the Constitution.
What is the House and Senate going to do with this moron?  We can't go on like this!
So when the hell you Congressman/women are going 2 do something. It is time to take this human garbage out.
No he is just expressing the frustration many of have withMSM. Work with his agenda. He was elected to MAGA. Get out of the way
But the ACA wasn't right government forced coverage was what authoritarianism looked like
We are all in serious trouble as is our democracy. Please do something!!!
Keep speaking truth to power!
Thankyou, Senator.
#Constituent
DITTO: This is What authoritarianism looks like
Yes it is.  Fight this with everything you’ve got.
You didn't complain when Obama attacked the press.
95% negative ,false reporting which isn't good on the world stage an not good 4America ! Other countries laughing at our fake news! 100%PDJT
Hmm. If only there were some sort of government mechanism that could take care of this situation.
This is scary!
I'll go further and say that is authoritarianism. But @senrobportman doesn't seem to mind it...#sad. I like free speech.
People Really  lol
Each and everyone of You Know Good damn well the News MEDIA  Report False/fake/ BULLY/ LIES ABOUT ANYTHING and Anything
He used the power of the pen to implement it. Isn't that what, Dictator Obama did on many many occasions?
Absolutely right on point! Trump actually sounds like PapaDoc. If one studies dictatorship & authoritarianism, the parallels are astounding
I'm pretty disgusted with the so called news agencies--lying, burying stories, biased, etc.  What's your solution to the fake news issue?
You misspelled fascism
It's coming @SenJeffMerkley if we don't stand up for our rights.
Remind you of Hitler at all? Control over the news. Tax middle class. Breaks for rich, How will we continue to pay for the programs the corporate taxes covered? Someone has to pay, hmm who could it be? Middle class?
You are about as fake as it gets Mr Trump.  Does that mean we can revoke your presidency? #ImpeachTrumpPenceNow
At this point it looks like he’s just turned control of his twitter account over to Putin.
Yes Jeff! So glad you are my senator !!
Yep! We like being lied to by #fakenews and #senators! Why should we make real news journalists have to be trustworthy!
No, what we like is the 1st amendment.
So, DO SOMETHING about it.  Please.  Commenting on how awful it is does NOTHING to stop his fascist attacks on free speech.
Can we put the Constitution back together with Scotch tape?
Trump thinks we should all read the National Enquirer for truth. Double check them with Alex Jones--no wonder he's nuts!
@realDonaldTrump Trump is crazy, needs psych eval and exam for dementia!
Jeff, what are you doing to get this wannabe dictator out of office?
PLEASE can't we repeal and replace him?
May 6, 2016
Obama sternly answered questions about the 2016 presidential race.
Scolded Press.
https://www.c-span.org/video/?409184-1/president-obama-delivers-statement-economy …
WOW, another pathetic Senator
Trump taking his base to place where democracy and law are populist. claim to be patriots but care not for constitution or its principals
"Wow" huh? .@senjeffmerkley Pathetic response! trump has already hung himself, please cut down the body and drag it out of OUR White House!
Scaryserioulsy we should pass legislation for Psychological evaluation for any candidate to the presidency.this guy isnt mentally there
Do something!!! Stop bitching about him and vote to remove him. damn it!
If you believe our President can be a an authoritarian you need to take a civics class.  Disgraceful fear mongering.
Do something
Resign immediately if you are unable to be an honest person

Disgusting
Guess he'll be revoking fox Breitbart info wars rush Limbaugh.  This guy has gone from being a joke to being a true threat to democracy
Then PLEASE do something about it!
Just be candid and call for his resignation. What's stopping you? Make it a national conversation. Want to be Pres? Start there.
Yes, and Congress won't do anything about it but tweet shit like this.

Amendment 25, Section 4.

Still waiting.
Remove him NOW!
This is what a demoncrap shill looks like 
@GOP yes it is, I wish congress would do something to get the corrupt idiot and his grifter family out of the WH.
Stop commenting and take action, ffs.
So, how are you and your colleagues planning to stop it?
Senator Merkley you and congress must ACT! Come together & move to impeach on grounds of unfit to lead. The county is in chaos!
Then DO something Congress !
You elected him. You have no voice worth following. Sanders 2020.   Sonmoma county strong
We're ok with it. Seems to be your vendetta.
@realDonaldTrump thank you Sen Merkley for continuing to speak out.
Turns out the Constitution has some big gapping holes it in when we have such a misguided and incompetent President who frankly doesn't care
The Vice President and Congress were never meant to be POTUS right hand men. They were meant to be checks & balances, and are failing us now
it's called speaking the truth,something that might be alien to you&some of the media.
Will the Senate allow him to renounce his oath to uphold and protect the constitution?
No Jeff it's Totalitarianism,the news is what I say it is,History is what I say it is,life is how I define. No freedoms,No ability to object
Let’s burn some books while we’re at it!
Actually, his statements are 100% true.
A1 should be regulated just like libtards have regulated A2.
yep. this man is mentally unfit to be POTUS. He needs to be removed very soon.
Time to invoke the 25th.
Testing limits, seeing how far he can take it. And us.
Imagine if Trump was a more competent authoritarian.
