In what world does it make sense to rob trillions from the nat'l treasury, all to grant a massive windfall to the very richest individuals?
Just think of the possibilities if instead of padding millionaires' bank accounts, we invested this $$ in education and infrastructure jobs.
It’s up to us—all of us—to fight back once again, defeat this destructive GOP tax plan, and stand up for working America. Time to get loud!

If Corporations. get tax cuts, money goes to 2 places, shareholders and executives. Nothing of substance goes to new jobs or higher wages.
BS yourself! Keep drinking the koolaid Trump is feeding you. Our taxes are nowhere near highest in the world.  Trickle down never works!
Like I said, keep being ignorant & drinking the koolaid. Ignore the facts. Will all come back to bite you eventually.
Most people agree with Dem Party on issues. Why do Democrats not control the House, Senate, and White House? What changes do you prescribe?
The democrats are sabotaging themselves. Bernie-Hillary war is very destructive. Dems have no  leader to unite progressives & liberals.
We could use Paul Wellstone. Who besides @SenWarren in 2020? Who are some rising stars? Party did not appeal to younger voters in 2016.
I'm liking Kennedy
Me, too. He has huge appeal and his message and ability to articulate it are outstanding. He's a shining star.
Chris Murphy. Kennedy's a little young.
We tried an old guy. It's not working out.
Chris is hardly "old".
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Murphy_(Connecticut_politician) …
Horrible
#donttouchmymedicare 
Sad.
This tax cut is about theft of earned value of hard working Americans and economic enslavement of middle/lower class. Will kill economy
The GOP has voted for obscene tax cuts to Billionaires Donors in exchange for human suffering. @SenJeffMerkley keep fighting. #TaxMarch
@whatsbeengoing @SenJeffMerkley Hey middle class. Let's jam those phone lines to House and Senate
We all need to march,but organize in
Every city .please don't stay home
This is much more than tax
This is to save AMERICA and our
Democracy
We're working on things in Salem, OR: Indivisible Group SalemResists & Marion Co Dems & Salem-Keizer NAACP & ProgressiveSalem & Library Bond
Wishing you well.  
Noooooo
#Nov4ItBegins 
#NOFASCISTUSA
Keep up the good fight Sen. Merkley! We're counting in you and the other Dems. I go on Medicare in March....if Medicare still exists!
The GOP truly has become the party of EVIL.
Notice McCain voted in favor of repeal. It is a mistake to rely on him to always do the right thing for the people
Nobody believes you or your ridiculous party. Is the budget racist too? We want tax cuts not increases like you would have for us
It will crash the economy.  The return of the Bush depression.
https://www.treasury.gov/press-center/press-releases/Documents/Tax-Framework.pdf …

Look at the actual framework. There are no specifics. As far as crashing the economy. It’s doing well now right?
Isn't it illegal for Congress to refuse to fund mandated programs? It seems like Medicare/Medicaid cuts thru budget process wouldn't stand
Republicans are using different rules to pass trump agenda. Trump wants tax cuts for billionaires and gop are owned by Koch brothers
If Medicare/Medicaid cuts go thru, old white trumpsters are going to lose their shit. Unfortunately, they fucked themselves
Florida with all its seniors don’t care Trump said he wouldn’t touch Medicare or Medicaid. They are happy to pay more
And they fell for his BS. Because white supremacy causes terminal stupidity
Well someone please start doing something about it
These people care nothing about anyone but millionaires and billionaires.
It's not just for tax cuts  this further weakens what the GOP call entitlements Soc. Sec. Medicaid, Medicare.
Fun Fact; Republicans ALWAYS explode the deficit, then when it's the dem president, GOP demand cuts in discretionary spending & blame dems.
well money keeps going for free medical to young, not working, Obamacare.....what do you expect,
Did it while the country was focused on Kelly lying. It was a smoke screen. Those ingrates.
What about selling off national parks. Important too
@realDonaldTrump & GOP should a ashamed of themselves!
Republican Party = Terrorists, attacking American People at every turn. Sad part is were paying then to kill us. Shovels and pitchforks.
Why does very few talk about POISON PILL in this bill: plan 2 drill 4 oil in OUR Arctic NATIONAL Wildlife Refuge 2 offset tax cuts 4 Rich?!
I need bilateral knee replacements. It looks like I'll never get them. At least not with the GOP in control
We have to count on you & other reasonable ppl in congress to help citizens, not take away & hurt. Why is this just simple majority? S/b 60.
Beyond words at this point.
ENEMY OF THE 99% & LOVER OF MONEY & POWER & BILLIONAIRES! Asshole McConnell agreed with DJT since he got scared of LOSING HIS JOBGBA
Affecting service providers and other small business that some of our most fragile citizens and families rely on everyday. But you know....

Or are we going to #Stand4Ourself and fight.
Did pples watch #BurgerKing bullied commercial if so #Trump is doing the same 2 you. Are you the peoples that didn't do anything and watch?
There is no greater priority than to secure a clean, forensically verifiable vote, NATIONWIDE for upcoming primaries & mid terms! #Resist
The current #GOP is the #NAZI party of the past. 
They are attacking the disabled, "undesirables" and the news media. They are SICK.
well, Putin does want to destroy democracy & found useful idiots  to follow his mandate either thru Greed or Kompromat #PizzaGaters.
@DrDenaGrayson it's for Trump and his family no one else
Pay attention America they are trying to sneak this by saying its great it’s not
Fight tax cuts for the rich because they're bad for society. Not because the gov will "run out of money." That's not possible!
The midterm elections will be interesting, diehards will stay, many will go... and "the Donald" will... #Whoknowsorcares
Yeah, they will leave behind a shuttered healthcare and economy for the Democrats to fix
Of course; and the Trump Base *still* can’t see their nakedness, so obsessed are they with their new clothes.
And they were gleeful. Makes ya want to vomit all over them.
This only works if GOP has cooked next election cycles
Zero and subtraction.. too much austerity
I have a Medicare Advantage plan. How will this effect me. Also, Betsy DV she rolled back disability laws. Boooo!
They should be arrested for abuse to the sick, disabled,elderly and minors in need of medical care for withholding medical care. Abusive Bs
Elder abuse committed on a 79 yr old by forcibly flying him to DC and making him vote Pres.'s wishes. If only he stayed in his sick bed.
If only @TheDemocrats had investigated this fraudulent election BEFORE letting this Russian agent into the White House...election obviously stolen & you did nada
You can thank 51 Republicans for this mess and sad to say 2 of them are from Iowa...
The only time this country enjoys a decent economy is when the Democrats are in charge it’s time to change things
51 GOP Sens. voted to slash Medicaid by $1T, Medicare by $500B, & other working family priorities just so the 1% can get BIG tax cuts. SHAME
Another lying Liberal Democrat, spewing hatred.
@GuitarJKlein76
This is how they’re propping up the tax deductions. Have to cut necessary programs to support the loss of revenue.
“and they’re done dirt cheap..”
Bye bye employment.
It seems the majority of Americans aren't paying attention bc they are tired of politics.
All for a lousy $700 /yr tax cut people are letting this happen. While the rich will get millions in tax relief.
Read the tweets, we are all in agreement, WHAT CAN WE DO TO HELP YOU AND OTHERS STOP THIS CLOWN AND HIS CIRCUS OF MAD MONKEYS?!?!

But @realDonaldTrump said he wouldn’t TOUCH Medicare!  Are you saying he LIED?  AGAIN?
Let's be clear, the 1 Trillion in cuts is the House Bill, the Senate passed a far less harsh version. The 2 go into reconciliation now.
they (corp dems and Republicans) have been at it for years.. @SpeakerRyan finally got it done after @HillaryClinton lost to the most unpopular candidate in history of American presidential elections!
GET HIM OUT!!!!!
Sir, Why do your Republican colleagues hate us? Like, they are actually just trying to hurt people at this point.
Do rich people really hate safe free countries with smooth roads and an educated population this much? Gated communities won't be safe!!!
Trump/repubs continue to inflict pain — Kids, women, trans, animals, minorities, military, immigrants, poor, seniors, earth. Sick of this bs
You can criticize all that except the deficit part. You own that.
Hey Jeff. Oregon voter here. My question for you is what do you plan to do about this?
And to think he promised not to touch either one! Backpedaled on every one of his campaign promises, but we knew he would!
Not sure how they can take money out of Medicare. I paid into that. It’s mine. Wtf??
And there you have it.
When will the working people of America realize
Republicans are ONLY for the rich
They HAVE NEVER DONE ANYTHING FOR THE PEOPLE
RaiseMinwage
GOP is the enemy of the American People! Putin’s NAZI BITCHES!

They will blow up the deficit & then decide to cut programs like Medicare, Medicaid, SNAP, etc., to make up 4 it. We've seen this movie b4.
They just want to enrich themselves. The rest of us don't matter to them. I wish more ppl would realize that and stop voting for them.
Trump & .@GOP Congress' attack children & women's healthcare by sabotaging CHIP, PP, ACA, Medicaid, Medicare. All for #TaxCuts4Rich. FAIL

Because the entire GOP has sold out to billionaires 
Go get them Jeff. I would not hold back trashing all who support the current regime; they’re horrid & despicable, w/ no heart or soul.
Calling it what it is
PLEASE READ AND RT
It's getting to the point I think ALL OF YOU SHOULD RESIGN and let normal citizens be called to serve in the Congress for 2 yes at a time.
Guess what, if the wealthy get tax breaks, I just will stop paying taxes altogether.
BLIZZARD WARNING  Call yr MOC 202-224-3121 Tell them #NotOnePenny on this awful tax plan, Text RESIST to 50409 to write same #ImpeachTrump
Thank you for getting this out in the open!
#25thAmendmentNow #pigs #pitchforks
And this is all happening while people is distracted by Trump's idiotic tweets and Kelly's cheap display. That's how it works.
Two things
1 - Give me back my money (SS income taxes)
2 - THIS makes the base happy?

#MAGA is NOT 4left-behind Americans 
A FRAUD 4RICH
And this is the party of 'deficit-outrage' 
oh only when suited 2 feed ignorant obstruction governance 

#DrainedTheTreasury 
#MAGAswamp
Republicans have become such cruel & heartless beings with Trump in office. We need to ensure strong pushback in Senate so it never passes!
And rob fed retirees of what they earned.
Deplorable

Lies. Stop bashing President Trump and respect our country.
Trump should have to make his tax returns public before daring to mess with the taxes of us "little folks."
Yes, this is obvious.  This "tax reform" is a sham and a shame. Also:  Need someone adept at math to help the GOP figure things out.
Liar!  Medicaid and Medicare spending continues to balloon unsustainably.
Gutting support 4 children, #Medicare & #Medicaid - from poor & middle class 2 give 2 the uber-rich #SAD #reverseRobinHood #broken-promises
the democrat's better make sure every family knows this Christ stand up and fight like the GOP !!!
It's good for the Billionaires
All in the name of disarming America through poverty hunger poor health and installing them with a dictator. thank you for that...Putin
Where were the activists who fought so successfully on behalf of ACA? Where are they now?
Tax cuts and bloat military.
How can they do this to the Americans who are paying their salary&health care!? Medicare is paid for by working Americans. GOP are Thieves!
They believe if they take care of the 1%, the crumbs will trickle down to us. DISGUSTING!
Oh, okay
GREED OVER PEOPLE agenda is ANOTHER SHAMELESS ACT to WORKING CLASS FOLKS: NO HC, NO MINI WAGE Gut MEDICARE&MEDICAID TAX CUT 4 RICH FOLKS
Bunch of satan spawn republicans they are russian loyalist and it is showing


Like every Republican WH before. With a Republican White House you always get two things: 
1) a ruined economy
2) a new, un-funded war

I'm poor,disabled and petrified Senator.
This budget effectively guts Medicaid just like the ACA repeal bill tried to do. Why did Rep. Senators vote for this but against the repeal?
And reduce the deduction for 401Ks, too, right? So middle class people will fund the rich's tax deduction with their retirement income?
Once again the Republican Party shows it’s top priority is the 1% of America, which does not make America Great, it helps move towards 3rd
Who was the first PRESIDENT to cut Medicare - Democrat BARRY the FRAUD ! 1/2 BILLION his first term .
This is why...
This is what the Koch's paid for and now the bill is due by the @GOP . David Koch's 1980 VP run platform. 
And still Trump hasn’t released his own taxes—
Blah blah blah
2. No appointments. no military ops. No new legislation. No hearings. Nothing until the traitors are removed.
Maybe it's time to actually shut down the government. This country is in big trouble.
51 Senators have just won tickets for the 9th circle of Hell, reserved for traitors. The Constitution says 'To promote the Common Welfare'.
Medicare is one of the greatest American programs in existence. Like ACA, it requires some fixing not gutting
On 1 hand they claim these programs are going broke, on the other hand, they're robbing from them!
Media just don’t get it, time after time Trump/GOP diverts their attention from real issues, incident intentional or not. Not? Leverage it.
Rich people will not be happy until they own everything and the rest of us are in chains.
We are counting on you to stop this obscenity that passes as the GOP and this continual redistribution of wealth from the poor to the rich.
#fakeadministration
America, remember who did this! Remember when u go 2 the polls! Breaking another contract with Americans that truly did “Make America Great!
Lord help us!
the most deserving 1% are the military & their families
waive their taxes &hike the tax rates on the economic elites
whose sons don't enlist
Yes...and next REDISTRIBUTION Of taxes!!
Just a very few very wealthy ppl in the US are dictating congress’s budget & legislation - the Kochs & Mercers. Say goodbye to democracy.
It is not moral or patriotic or humane to terrify
our weakest Americans with threats of disaster
With imperious cruelty, they terrorize the weakest 
Dangle dreamers - Demolish ACA
Gut medicare/medicaid
@Potus @VP @SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan 
So much for the promises not to cut them.  Bastard!
We will remember, and we will vote.
Where are the decent GOPers? We have a sad state of affairs when our elected officials openly work against us.
Outrageous! This has to be stopped. Whole plan based on lies, hurts ppl so they & donors can line their own pockets. These ppl R disgusting.
Disgusting.
What lies?
How can we stop this? What can individuals do ?
@SenJeffMerkley since they passed the budget what can we do now to stop the tax cuts?
Vote 'em off the island.
STOP the LYING!!
Because there isn't enough Democrats in the House and Senate Republicans can do what they want unless they can get Republican to flip.
@realDonaldTrump  insulted the Fla. Congresswoman to distract from the Medicare/Medicaid massacre Unfortunately the media fell for it again
These so called pple that run in the name of Christian values have no souls or empathy for their fellow human beings! SAD DEPLORABLES
I can't believe @GOP is going to borrow money to give to the 1%. Middle class doesn't get tax cut, must pay loan, and loses Medicare benefits.
This is a savage act of mass murder
#morningjoe #cnn #msnbc #foxnews #amjoy #inners #TheLastWord #maddow @KatyTurNBC @NicolleDWallace
So your plan is ?  Maybe more taxes more give a ways?  I see you voted for aca which stole from the working class.  You're more 4 non worker
You know, this is not unlike what precipitated the French Revolution.  In fact, lots of revolutions.
And just think the @gop gave @POTUS44 hell about the budget. They are disgusting
Headline numbers:
Medicare&Medicaid cuts=$1.4 Trillion
Tax cuts for the few=$1.5 Trillion
You r a lazy indolent person with your head in the sand
GOP should never be voted for again.
The supposed fiscal conservatives are strapping the deficit on our backs & our grandchildren's in order to give a f'ing tax cut to selves.
They’re PIGS!
Fight! Please FIGHT LIKE HELL @SenJeffMerkley - For all us disabled ones, who cannot fight as we wld like, nor w/ your vigor!
I'm old enough to remember 12 months ago when Republicans cared about the deficit.
They were wrong then, slightly closer now.
Awesome.
How can we stop this Senator? I feel powerless. I have never lived thru so dark a period in American history. Trump must b ousted! #helpnow
They gotta move forward setting up their Russia like oligarchy to protect their interests.
Our democracy being decimated at alarming rate.
Wholesale death sentences for our most vulnerable.
@SenKamalaHarris @SenWarren @JohnBoozman @SenTomCotton @SenDuckworth @SenatorCardin @SenFeinstein  GOP GREED. HELP US DEMS
How exactly,GOP. Does this help the middle class?
Me n my kifs hav medicaid. I dont care boutvme but they need it
Snowflakes... #boohoo  MAGA TRUMP2020
Dirty deeds, done dirt cheap.....
Hang in there Senator:)
Jealous much LMAO

Did this pass Senate yet?
And they call themselves the party of "family values" - what a farce
Wake up AMERICANS, Trump and GOP like Sharks take away everything from middle class and low income earners, poor TO BREAK US, 2 WEAKEN US
We will know them by their deeds.
Quiet Jeffrey that's not true. It's only slash will be yo able bodied people who are young and taking advantage of free healthcare.
How Do We Fight This? Can We? Is it law of the land now?   Good Lord, Sweet Jesus, plz stop this cruel heartless man! 

