Wilders understands that culture and demographics are our destiny. We can't restore our civilization with somebody else's babies. https://twitter.com/v_of_europe/status/840724494113206272 …
His tweet does not suggest what you say. You read your own thoughts into it.
#whitesplaining alert! Please, tell us, what does it suggest?
Judge my opinion by the color of my skin? I'm part First Nation.
No, more by the content of the tweet. But you haven't explained, so I'm withholding final analysis until you do.
If it wasn't by the color of my skin why did you hashtag whitesplaining?  Why not just ask what I mean?
An assumption based on the fact that most who were defending King's comment were white nationalists.
Fair enough.  I wish you the best.
and you.
King talked about US nation, not any race, for preservation of American culture threatened by weakening assimilation
Islam is not a race.  But of course you would use the racist tag, cause it is your only weapon.
Pro-tip: When right-wingers talk about Muslims, usually they actually mean Iranians
Pro-tip - when left-wingers talk about muslims they usually brown people - cause they are clueless idiots.
When Canadians talk about Muslims...actually Canadians talk TO Muslims...Muslim Canadians.#resist
And wait to be slaughtered by the less tolerant of them.  Vet, and Vet some more. Paris? Brussels?
both committed by ppl born in Europe.
Let's vote this #racist out of office!
Racism is NOT an #American Value!
#GOPFAIL
Agreed.  I hope peeps in his district will talk it up in 2018/2020 and vote him out!  From here I can RT!
the fact that he sits on Subcommittee for Consitution and Civil Justice??  Are you kidding me?  Isn't he Chairman??  Madness
i'm not sure being 'bigoted and racist' is seen as a criticism anymore with these people. #Resistance
Never seen one day without it. And I overcame and will.
I fought gang members, racist, barely survived, but I did, now at 60  I have to carry a weapon to stay alive. WTF?
wheelchair or walker, lately I ward off attacks,my knife, tomorrow my pistol, most in last few months. No one cares
Women, have abortions because they do not want the baby, not because they can not afford it. That is reality!
@funder @SteveKingIA My husband and "our babies" spreading diversity! How do you like that Steve??
Your love makes him choke. Got anymore pics?
Nasty remark, and backwards!  Don't you mean his love makes her Choke?
No
Oh, so you meant he is choking on tears of Joy !!! Something like that ?
Only reason you condemn @SteveKingIA comments is because you need more immigration to get votes. It's the Democratic Party way.
Actually he is just talking about Western Civilization John, not "all humanity "
We are called to treat others as we would want to be treated even if  we disagree with them...hatred, censorship, really? WWJD
@LisaHendey @ArchbishopGomez @BerniceKing @Blklivesmatter @DMiliband @BishopJakes @repjohnlewis @Crystal1Johnson
What's happening in #Kasai is appalling and demands an immediate response! #DRC #Congo #RDC #Kabila https://twitter.com/GCR2P/status/850029175004176385 …
@Alyssa_Milano
https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/mar/06/ignore-congo-atrocities-africa-drc-horror?CMP=share_btn_tw …
@repjohnlewis @LisaHendey @ArchbishopGomez  @BerniceKing  @RealRobinWright
#KeepThePromise on April 21, 2017 @esrailian 
Everyone doesn't dance to the same tune. World is massively diverse. But we all like to go to the fridge and get a cold drink.
think u slick u catch a brick
.@repjohnlewis The only thing new here is that @SteveKingIA and other white supremacists believe they can now think out loud. #GetInTheWay
Yes that's right snowflakes!    Spin it however you want!   @realDonaldTrump .   @repjohnlewis @SteveKingIA
@RyanGosling vows to #KeepThePromise to help support human rights in #Congo #DRC @esrailian  https://twitter.com/Saphnatpanea/status/856183122769174528 …
@lskurrus And that white people/culture are special and superior . So much so that they must be protected from others.
Are we white's so inferior that we put down others that clearly have strengths,talents& beauty?
uhhh no.
Spit my toothpaste at this AM (@CNN). We should embrace each other's culture - not assimilate. Variety is more fun! #resist
#Resist 

Steve King Office 712.224.4692

Iowa RNC (515) 282-8105

Iowa Department of Tourism 

888.472.6035
Nothing we don't support illegal immigration!   
It is blatantly white supremacist view. Why has this been allowed to fizzle out? Why no censure?
Isn't that what you are advocating about only black leaders being recognized, like MLK and Obama ?  They want to put his face on Stone Mt !
It is not. Stop labeling everything with your crude and nonsensical labels. YOu were elected to serve US citizens, not ILLEGAL ALIENS.
@statefarm2005 Mr Lewis you had to fight this same crap in Selma I am old white man I wish you didn't have still fight sorry
@kg9182 so dangerous. Does this Steve even know what happened in Rotterdam? Wilders lost because of it.  from Rotterdam
He is horrifying and DOES NOT represent Iowans. Big $ Ag put him in office and big $ keeps him there.
but little ppl, acting together, can take him down. Find a good Democrat and get to work!
Steve King is making a call for all white supremacists to join with the Russians to create all white states. @TheRevAl @Pink
If they wanted to go to 'A white country', it sure wouldn't be this one: 'the notorious melting pot'!
@coton_luver I lived in Iowa n King is not representative of Iowans that I knew. He's a flat out bigot
Yet he keeps being reelected with 80% of the vote?
omfg that's disgusting. Shame on the district. Smh I don't understand where my America is. This is right it's just not right
Weren't you who tried denying @BernieSanders was involved in the Civil Rights Movement?  #neverforget #BerniewouldhaveWON
We are all originally from Africa. A party like GOP that regularly denigrates science, including genetics, ignores this.
Paul Ryan "disagrees" w/ S. King, but will not disavow him. The GOP "big tent", by design, includes even blatant racists.
Can you start a sentience with out those two words? Cmon now you can do it, surely A man of your stature. or Was that racist?
The guy needs to leave the cornfields of Iowa once in a while. But he's probably too afraid.
King's middle name might as well be Adolf. Despicable.
Steve king is an EVIL man. He's not worth our time responding.  You can't fix STUPID
@SenJeffMerkley
@SteveKingIA  like I said it's like living in the hole world at the same time !I  charming ( I am from sweden)
You absolutely correct, Steve King will be crying for mercy 1 day!
You are clearly the racist. You want ONLY what  protects and strengthens legal protections of Black culture, nothing for White
Exactly Honorable Sir. They R joining with all the others around the world who are equally as racist & bigoted.

Thank you, Congressman Lewis!
@MzDivah67 how can you take him down
Shh! Don't tell Steve that the oldest civilizations are all non-European; wouldn't want to break his bigoted little heart.
@SteveKingIA it doesn't suggest that at all.  Quit dividing us on race.  Read his explanation/actual quote.
agreed! its a shame hes mentioning a dutch politician
Any way we can get get him out of office?????
He reflects his district. He probably won another term. Those folks put Whiteness over humanity every time. #whitenationalism
The more things changes the more they stay the same !
He happen to be microcosm of a subset humans here in America if not he wouldn't keep getting elected ! We must stay on guard !
@SenJeffMerkley How 'bout we replace him with somebody else? #stevenKINGoftheKLAN
Dear @repjohnlewis would you please excuse yourself from the US! You're blind and you just don't get it. Leave this country
Steve King said a DISGUSTING thing and needs to be kicked out of Congress by the seat of his stinky pants!
@NickyLandETC Sorry someone so ignorant is in a position of so-called power. Hurts us all.
@blackreport   King's words should be condemned by everyone who hears them. His statements are not American.
And then King and his ilk want you to raise their babies ao they can rule the world. No thanks!
Bigotry & racism has no place in this country.   People who want to practice this should go back to Nazi Germany.
thank you sir
Respectfully, this is Bannons agenda. Remove him. We are being bamboozled by the bad guys.
He's !A disgrace to America!I'm still waiting for something to bedone about the racist remark.I'm hearing freaking crickets!
Lewis if you step back and use that lump of soggy oatmeal between your ears for a minute . King is right
he needs an official censure
Steve King's very own (albeit infantile) Mein Kemph.  Heads up on depth, volume & viciousness of haters in white America.
Mr. Lewis, thanks! I admire your courage. Keep fighting for us.
Dude DO YOU EVEN KNOW THE DEFINITION OF A RACIST IF NOT LOOK IN A MIRROR YOU WILL SEE ONE, 3 DECADES IN OFFICE & STILL A LOSER
He wants a homogenous US, as White as a gallon of milk. That would leave out my "baby" and most "babies" I know.
This is how hate crime starts we r all human no one is better than the other God love regardless of ur faith
@coton_luver Can the house censure Rep King?
Yes , it is. What is worse are the colleagues in the House who have contorted themselves to defend it.
One cannot claim to believe in GOD while practicing racism. It is the very definition of contradiction.
Wouldn't be here had you stood with @BernieSanders in the primary instead of implying you "Never Saw Him".
Sounds like a Muslim belief.
Your dignity strength and courage is contagious... Respectively Saluting you SirGBY 
Sickened by this. How is this 2017?
@SteveKingIA how much money Iowa & Iowa St. make off of the black athletes who play sports there? Boycott Iowa University's!
@TeaPainUSA which is funny since Wilders is an Indo meaning he is of mixed race. I'm an indo & proud of both heritages
All DEMS every talk about are identity politics, how about creating some jobs for a change how about writing some legislation?
King said Obama promoted diversity and multiculturalism instead of assimilation . Flabbergasted
of course it is! Which is exactly why he is handily elected every time. 
no, twit it means if you are going to come here assume.ilate to OUR culture, don't force us to accommodate someone else's
yes Mr Lewis, indeed it does. What makes this "person" believe he is superior. Appalling to say the least.
That's right Rep Lewis this is Awful in 2017.
he's the face of the Get Out of Politics party. We must excise this cancer of the American body politic. No room for bigots.
what has happened..  it feels like 1960 all over again... white men in high places spewing racism & bigotry. heart is hurting
.@repjohnlewis There is no longer an opposition party.Only racists,sexists,homophobes,xenophobes and there are Americans. #TheResistance
no its not bigoted or racist,  you're so unAmerican
@SteveKingIA No surprise that Richard Spencer & his cronies have adopted his comments as a new rallying cry.
Good thing we have a Dem challenger - who we should all support!
we know they are racist. That won't change. Now, what are we going to do to combat that instead of dealing with more racists
what are you or anyone else going to do about people like this, because it's bringing the country down. We've lost values
Also scientifically inaccurate.
no you are,wrong. You descendent of slaves and seek in your best interest America's demise and wish of  blacks since freedom.
Steve King wants white babies to  resurrect a white super majority and culture. For King, it's 1950 again.
@RepKClark Please tell him to his face.  From all of us.  Thanks
20 yrs ago, Matthew Hale was refused entrance to the Bar b/c of avowed racism. Why is Steve King allowed to serve Congress?
it's white nationalism, period. Racist crap
Paul Ryan issued a statement that said he's sure King misspoke, King stayed that he meant exactly what it sounded like
just listen to him. I don't think he's being racist by saying that
Play this up big like the R's do. He is suggesting getting rid of all non-whites. Ask him what his next step is - genocide?
@SteveKingIA is in fact a bigot and a racist.  Thanks for speaking truth to his sick worldview.
Where are the republican outcries. The silence is deafening
I guess he doesn't know the ethnic origins of "American culture" like Jazz, Blues, and Rock and Roll came from
"The human species is an organic whole, the leading edge of the evolutionary process." Universal House of Justice
Westerners are not the same as those from the East or Middle East though I wish to God they were like us. The West is Best.
you didn't know he's a white nationalist? Don't know if he's state or federal rep.
John, can't the House condemn these comments??
as a Dad of 11, 3 of whom are adopted, I can tell you that King is wrong about this. Or as 44 says, "Yes we can!"
r u Kraz ??
@SenJeffMerkley so does this mean we put him on a watch list as a possible supporter of hate groups/domestic terrorism?
We absolutely should.
if anyone is bigoted and racist, it is John Lewis who has been a bigot & racist his entire life!
You are criticizing him and most of you have no clue what he meant. He was referring to our western culture being decimated.
@crissles @KidFury Please bring yes up this week it's very important we understand the threat of white supremacist nationalism
@NE_Librarian @SteveKingIA 

Let's all support @KimWeaverIA and get rid of racist king
don't really need a virtue signal John. Get back to making our lives better.
You, Waters, Obama, Sharpton, Jackson & others only see this country as black & white. You are the bigoted & racist.
@nicklewellen @SteveKingIA No it's not because it has nothing to do with race, and everything to do with culture
wasn't this the same guy who said ppl of color haven't contributed much to history?
It's appalling, disgusting, and sad. Thank you for continuing to stand up for ALL of us! We need more John Lewises in govn't!
he enjoys what he says they keep voting for him. Sad
Mr. Lewis, I am horrified by the poisonous racism here on Twitter. No doubt it is worse now than a few months ago, pre-Trump
...this is one of the first sane tweets I have read in some time....
why thank you 
Can you please list all of the things we can do with somebody else's babies.
some kinda statement wasn't it
it says nothing about all of humanity you moron
@crazypastor they're all so delusional and pathetic
@deray playing to the manifest destiny seats
How do the Dems plan to respond to King affirming that he meant exactly what he said and actively promoting eugenics today?
@deray amen.
vile and disgusting. But you are a hero... just thought I'd say it again. 
Iowans who voted for him should be prepared to own King's racism and bigotry...a disgraceful person
#steveking When is #CongressionalBlackCaucus going to let non-blacks join? Segregating races is bigoted and racist. #diversity
He fails to understand that ship has sailed...there is no going back to erase all the COLOR in our world!
@SteveKingIA #steveking
Are Jews who want to keep Israel Jewish also "bigoted & racist?"
@DeanRushlow I am grateful for Rep. John Lewis.
King is despicable!  It's embarrassing.
@DeanLeh  Right out of the Fascist hand book!
.@repjohnlewis what a double standard, how you ignore Islamic “police” trying to impose sharia law on Americans
@ScottFeinberg @SteveKingIA
we're all someone else's babies. This guy's a jackass who doesn't deserve his last name!
He thinks only white ppl built America and other cultures shouldn't impose on white America.
No it didn't. You read into it what you wanted to you senile old coot.
That is not what he said. At all.
What surprised me even more about @SteveKingIA was how he refused to see that he was being racist.
@IndivisibleNC And we're all. Somebody else's. Babies.  Your move, Iowa.
speaking/tweeting opposition to this bigoted language is not enough. Must vote out @SteveKingIA in '18
@GirlHusker84 #CensureKing
@SandyJamison3 It sounds like he wants us to intermarry IE marry siblings - ew ew ew *shiver* gross 
thank you, @repjohnlewis. we need outrage/anger, not some milk toast reaction like @RepJohnYarmuth's, who's merely embarrassed
and #MSNBC just had joe Walsh on to defend and clarify the racism the #RepublicanParty adheres to.
More reasons for #Americians including myself 2 run 4 office #2018-2020 & #RepelAndReplace tem #Rasicts Bigots. #2018-2020.
Destiny!? Where does he think he is the RoundTable?
@repjohnlewis
Not at all what he said, unless you hear and read through a victim filter.
Actually, you black supremacist, he advocates borders and separate people, traditions.
you seem to find everything bigoted or racist, but I agree with you on this one.
What's kind of amazing is that the Dem party has spent over a decade with the strategy of changing society thru demographics.
You just get mad at people like Steve King for pointing it out.
Trump has normalized this kind rhetoric.  People feel encouraged to spew their hate.  45 must be removed.
No, it actually just understands that the United States isn't "all humanity", nor should it be.
The only way to restore our civilization...remove garbage like King from Senate and House. #VoteThemOut #Midterm2018
Impeach Steve King whose racism seems to sound a bit too much like Nazi Hitler's.
Thank you for speaking up against this
@SteveKingIA was he listening to psuedo intellectual @RichardBSpencer?
