Hi and thanks very much - could y'all start calling it the democrats' bill and also get sanders to join our party or else stop trashing us?
Why does he have to join the party? Private clubs don't belong in politics.
Nor have I ever heard Bernie "trash" anyone, let alone the Democrats. He's all about positive, workable solutions to intractable problems.
You're obviously daft, then. Sanders is a major problem.
Hes the most popular politician in the country and isnt in the establishment at a time when the establishment is hated. Problem how?
Serious question, why do you think insurance Execs and CEOs deserve multimillion dollar salaries?
.Medicare for all? Medicare was put in place for people 65 and older who PAID into it you've already got poverty insurance Medicaid, use it
USA never let ppl die, preexisting condition treated before Obama he destroyed charitable & University hospitals USA never turned any1 away.
They just want the rest of us to pay for them it's the socialist way. #IfICantClaimYouOnMyTaxesImNotPaying
Free healthcare for those that purposely destroy theirs at the expense of those that R healthy. No thanks.  Merky remains #StupidOnPurpose
It would incentivize taxes on goods that harm our health, leading to healthier decisions.
Prohibition is a fine example of imposing "morality" on others. "We are doing this for your own good" are the most evil words ever spoken.
... and absolutely never works.
I'm not ok w/ letting Nancy die bec she smokes. I favor raising cig taxes so she's less likely to smoke & has care when she falls ill.
Of course you are.. and controlling how much sugar people use, and how much butter, and banning meat because vegans think it is unhealthy...

Thank you @SenJeffMerkley! You need to get involved in the 2020 presidential campaign. #WarrenMerkley or #HarrisMerkley
We need every Democratic law maker to get behind Medicare for All.
All of our residents get the same quality care, w/o class distinctions.
Yes, Republicans r locked with #BigPharma &  BigInsurance for profit over human rights. Kill the 501(c)4 secrecy & expose bribed republicans
As one of your constituents, I think this is a mistake. I believe we should secure ACA.
Hello AMERICA 
listen UP 
read my profile 
#Trisomy21&Aspergersyndrome 
#Schizophrenia 
#CANCERMummy 
#CONGENITALANOMOLIES 
#Homeschool 
Proud to be your constituent, @SenJeffMerkley. Thank you!
Thank you Jeff.  I predict there will be a flood of support.  It is the only way to go.  The entire world cannot be wrong.
We've always had that here @BernieSanders, no one gets turned away in emergency rooms and county hospitals. USA is not a socialist country.
It's not enough to sponsor #Medicare4All @SenJeffMerkley , you've got to fight for it! #NotMeUs #NowIsTheTime #ResistanceIsPassive
So the Democrats are finally admitting that all they are is a bunch of Damned Communist. No vote for you.. ever.
Thank you!!
great job on NPR @SenJeffMerkley
Way to go @SenJeffMerkley . We Oregonians stand with you on this. Make America greater and better with healthcare as a right
Sounds good. But how to pay for it? Bernie couldn't provide an answer. How to overcome GOP who didn't even want ACA. We barely saved it. 
Saved it?!?...it's collapsing under the weight of its own bullshit!
It would be super impressive if you included language requiring senators and congressmen/women to utilize said health care also! #equalclass
Thank you for standing up
Merkley is a socialist and in this great nation should not be proud of his position.
Good deal
Where's Wyden?
Your plan would bankrupt America.
.@BernieSanders in 1987: ‘Astronomical’ Cost of Single-Payer ‘Would Bankrupt the Nation’ http://freebeacon.com/politics/sanders-1987-astronomical-cost-single-payer-bankrupt-nation/ …
Also, it's really bad form to trash others in our own party! Kamala Harris is NOT what you say she is. What she IS, is a woman w/smarts & 1/
, please hold out! If we let trump have this win he'll get a second term! Let the DEMS win house/ senate back!
It is a right, what you and others like you  desire is to undermine it and turn it into a system plagued by bureaucrats. No thanks.
How is this paid for?GOP want tax cuts/+war spending/wall spending/disaster spending. Everyone taxes will need to increase. Whats the plan?
I  the idea of taking healthcare away from the employer. Healthcare should not only be for the healthy, able-bodied worker.
Who will pay for this? Can working taxpayers opt out of paying for this. Medicare is for working people!! Medicaid is for no to low income $
You think people that don't work should die?
Medicare is for everyone over 65, regardless of whether they worked.
Nope. If you did not work & pay into Medicare taxes via payroll then you will pay a premium for Medicare benefits. Medicaid is the free one
democrats are pre ordaining Bernie 3 yrs before the convention:  and antifa is Bernie supporters:)
While your at it could you fix the prescription donut hole so my wife can afford her insulin?
Thanks for ur strength 
It's just time to transition into Single Pay System & Phase it in over years ... DONE 
And you don't even have to pay for it! Just walk over border. And I'll pay for it.  Sure why not.
I'm with you on this hlthcare for all
You are the flip side of crazy Trump. Fight for the ACA, why would you be following this no win plan. You just gave Trump another 4 years.
Your premise that healthcare is a right is nonsense. Teaming up with an avowed Socialist to takeover healthcare is woefully unwise.
The US government needs to stay out of my medical care. Legalize cannabis and then leave all of us alone.
Thank you, Senator Merkley. As a current resident of the Beaverton area, I truly appreciate your stand. Now lets get @RonWyden on board too!
Medicare's forecast 2 go bankrupt in 17 yrs. Adding 120M ppl 2 the system will exacerbate inevitable prob of incompetent fed micromanagement
What a collossally stupid thing to do when the bill doesn't say how we are going to pay for it. I can see hear the RW PAC adverts already.
Until Dems get their heads straight about immigration, I don't trust them to do anything but screw over Americans in service to their donors
Thank you, Jeff.
Today on the news Sanders wants single payer. Clarify?
Thank you so much for this bill. Even if it doesn't pass this time around, we're getting closer.
Medicare for all? How are going to pay for it genius?
Thank you, Senator Merkley. #singlepayer, #MedicareForAll  Everyone in, no one left out #pnhp
It's pretty stupid to co-sponsor anything associated with Sanders!
Says he who has "Cadilac" health care through the Senate!
Finally! Someone I can be proud of voting4! #ThankYou! @dscc @HouseDemocrats Get it together! This is how u win #2018 #2020 #SinglePayer
Trying to Kiss #BernieSanders Ass and agreeing  with his stupid  Healthcare bill agenda just to help your future Election goals is funny.
The US Governments PRIMARY JOB is Protecting our Citizens from enemies both foreign and domestic, not running healthcare !!!!
Thank you Senator! We can do this. We need to do it well. Not too much compromise to keep it from working. Together we are strong.
So you admit it isn't?
Vladimir Lenin: Socialized Medicine is the Keystone to the Arch of the Socialist State.
Finally woke up late comer
The Senate should lead by example by withdrawing from their Cadillac health care plan and going on Medicare.
It's not a right.  You must be ignorant of natural law.
Thank you for co-sponsoring this bill!  Everybody deserves good healthcare.
Yes!  Thank you!!
Thank you. We desperately need to make this a right for all Americans. Please convince your colleagues to support this too.
So proud to have you as one of the first. Always grateful to have you repping Oregon!
Thank you. Now who will you convince to add their name to the co-sponsoring list?
Dump the high cost of insurance and the 6 digit CEOs we will be better off,  let the rich pay those CEOs if they don't want that coverage
Medicare for all's time has come! #MedicareForAll
Senator, invest in a dictionary.  You are arguing for an entitlement, not a right ...and we're listening. Reconcile with the $20T deficit...
You'll never get it through. It might be rt for Oregonians but America clearly is resisting socialized medicine.
Musicians thank you for your leadership on this issue, Senator.
Thank you!!!!
Thank you
This plan is insane and would skyrocket health care costs.  Supply and demand how do they work? ??
THANK YOU for supporting SINGLE PAYER. Now CONTINUE to SUPPORT IT, DON'T BACK DOWN, TALK TO THE OTHER DEMS NOW!
Agreed. Both party's are corrupted beyond repair criminals all. No more voting for either of these two party criminals period
What took you so long?
Can you show me in the Constitution where health care is a right. If we eliminated health care for illegals, plenty of money for citizens
I like the idea of health care as a right, but where does it stop? Does every person have the right to every procedure? #SeriousQuestion
THANK YOU!!!!!!!
You mean the bill grifter Sanders hijacked from Dems. Please STOP placating the Russian connected POS.
Thank you!!!
Thank you!
#Medicare4All #Medicare4All #MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll
YES! Thank you Senator! All of us who are pre-existing conditions, through no fault of our own, support you and the others supporting this.
Thank you Senator Merkley!
You should be Fired on the spot for Inviting Venezuela into our country!
Bravo
Thank You!
No lmao
Thank you @SenSanders for elevating the national discussion on healthcare. Thank you @SenJeffMerkley for listening to constituents! #MFA
Thank you!
SO YOUR BACKING A COMMUNIST BILL THAT MAKES YOU A TRAITOR YOU WILL LOSE BUYING VOTES DOESNT WORK ANYMORE TRAITOR.
Hear reason for repealing ACA, because of high premiums/deductibles/lack of providers,etc..Medicare for All would answer all these concerns!
Medicare is the GOLD CARD of all insurances and it's run by the GOVERNMENT!!! Ask any senior citizens if they would give it up, OH HELL NO!
If you work you pay for this if you don't work it's free, takes away any incentive to  work.
Explain how healthcare is a right? Senator Do you even know what rights are because if you did then I don't think you would use that way.
Since Drs now refuse to accept new Medicare patients, then no one will have healthcare. The US Govt debt will go down. Problem solved!
Thank you Senator...now get @RonWyden on board please!!!
Thank you for standing with citizens, not Big Pharma.
Healthcare is not a right! Maybe in a socialist country, but this is a free republic. You want healthcare, get a job. We have indigent care.
Govt is wasting healthcare $ on ppl w/unhealthy promiscuous sex habits.
Yes they have that right & the right to pay for their own healthcare
so you plan to conscript doctors to perform forced labor?
You mean care for all imagine  that
YES!!!
The middle class carries the USA on it's back.  Healthcare for everyone and no SSI freezes or cuts.  We've paid for it over and over...
Please also remember to address the quality of that type of care...
So I'm guessing that you and all other senators and congressmen will be utilizing this instead of what you've been using???
Great! Love the idea. How are we going to pay for it?
Thanks @SenJeffMerkley! @SenSanders is right about healthcare being a human right & not a privilege for only the wealthiest in America!
Put the senators on Medicare
Help the illegals and criminals while killing the middle class. Thanks jeff.
You'll only get my support if you throttle both #BigPharma  and the #InsuranceMonopoly else you're creating a money gusher for the monsters
Obamacare is a disaster & Dems own it. Your obstruction of the new administration is a disgrace. The entire congress is a disgusting mess!
Thank you for representing us
Make sure you still support it when the dems have control of the senate again, we will remember.
Tax federal employees at a rate high enough to fully fund the federal government.  Set the private sector free
100 Tax credit for health insurance premiums for all, not just a select few, and tax insurance companies to pay for the subsidies . . . .
Then reduce my taxes so I can afford to buy in.....  LOW FLAT RATE.  8% for all.  No more.  Make premiums a dollar for dollar tax deduction
I'm not seeing a release here, Senator/I hope you are giving Sen. Kennedy (& others who have come before you) a nod!
Really isn't this a bit late ???  Seems that Dems have lost control of this conversation..#demexit
@BernieSanders  I hope the healthcare will cover dental. A lot of prevents health issues are caused from poor dental care.
Thank you both so much!!!! We love you here in Portland!!
Thank you from Michigan You are on the right side of history We must ban together & demand #MedicareForAll policy that is way over due 4 USA
Thank you!!! 
Thank you!
Let us know when you & the other Senators &Congressmen insist that they & their fam are covered under #Medicare too. Until then. NO DEAL
Cool, don't forget the Hyde Amendment.
Will any of our donations go to the #DNC?
#MedicareForAll
This is what this country needs for its people.  #screwbigpharma #screwtheinsurancecompanies laws for the 99% .  My insulin 600/month
I've worked all my life for my health care. It's not a right. You should know that. Get constitutional amendment first and see how that goes

Y should someone else's labor be defined as your right?
A pity it's a safe vote cause it won't pass, I am glad I live in a country where it is a right.
Thank you. I would ask you to try & convince my senators @SenJohnMcCain & @JeffFlake to join, but unfortunately I doubt it'll do any good.
Thank you! Hoping my senators @PattyMurray and @SenatorCantwell are on board, too'!
Corrupt Dems doing NOTHING  healthcare. It will never pass. propose a #publicoption buy in to stop price gouging ins companies. #whorehouse
That's awesome, Senator Merkley! Thank you!
Thank you Senator!
Merkley is the real deal  
So funny.
Thank you!!!
Thank you!
Thank you Jeff for being on the right side of history and supporting Oregon's values. Please convince Ron to do the same or I'll vote....
Against Ron wyden. If he can't be brave like you, he has no place as Oregon's senator. #Medicare4All
I'm just gonna say the obvious @SenJeffMerkley the amount of ppl saying thank you should tell you this is the fight that makes legends
Yes Sen. Merkley
Y'all better figure out how to get around the Hyde Amendment then. If no federal $ can pay for abortions, but all healthcare is federal.....
You're a good Senator Jeff! I can't imagine Oregon without you, Ron Wyden and Kate Brown. You guys make Oregon work!
How much will that cost? We are already 20 trillion in debt.
Thank you Senator Merkley. 
I knew you were my favorite senator for good reason.
Life, Liberty, The Pursuit of Happiness, and free healthcare? Which is not an inalienable right again?
Thank you, Senator Merkley!
Sander's bill? But, but, Hillary has been fighting for healthcare for all her entire career, where was Bernie then?
Cheers matey!
Pathetic that Sanders had to lead the charge... where have you democrats been.... get it together pitiful an independent had to do it
Merkley is a king putz. Not surprised you like him
Thank you.  Its time.  #MedicareForAll
Thank you! Keep fighting.
Keep it real.  No public option crap. I wish I could trust the Dems but I stopped long ago with good reason.
I'm with you, I don't trust the DEMS to withstand the barrage or misinformation that will be spread by the insurance/pharma industries/GOP
Thank you for looking out for the most vulnerable and needy.
Thsnk you Senator!
Thank you so much. It's about time legislators listen to what the majority of people want & need.
Thank you all 
When #WeThePeople have access to health care, watch out world!
I'm for healthy neighbors, like the kids next door!!!
I really wish y'all would stop calling it Medicare for all.  Mess w Medicare,  those on it stand to lose.  Separate the plan from Medicare!
Thank you, Senator Merkley!  Work on your colleagues!!
Medicare is not for the healthy bor wealthy.  It is for seniors, many of whom eke by on funds,  from which Medicare part A,  B and D is pd.
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley !

Our people deserve health care, dental care. Why don't all seniors get dental care?
@SenJeffMerkley I am one of your constituents and I am SO happy to hear this!
Please rename it to #TwoTieredHealthCare...
1-Socialized Medicine
2-Pay Out of Pocket to avoid rationing & Lack of Access
A lot of the wealthy ain't that healthy tho right? Lv red meat, my dad lv red meat, takes 45 mins for the morning shit, fuck dat
What are you doing to make sure that coverage for minorities is guaranteed and equitable? Will women get BC? Trans people, hormone therapy?
Insta-fan.
Thanks

Great we can get half ass care the govt cannot properly run healthcare doesn’t work in the VA as we’ve seen! Sad socialism is taking over
Tell @clairecmc to get on board!
NOOOOOO!   HE'S NOT EVEN A DEMOCRAAAAAAAAT
Thank you Senator Merkley. Grateful
I should have the right to have a job, a car, a house
Senator, there are only a few people we can really count on to champion the middle class. You are one of them. Thank you! #MedicareForAll
