.@SenJeffMerkley: People are "stressed" by "complexity and difficulty" of health care. "Can't we make this simpler?" 
Single payer = Communism.  Socialized healthcare is the cornerstone of communism & Marxism.
You say that like it's a bad thing
If you support #Communism, then you are my enemy.  I will pray for you.
Maybe instead pray for those suffering without adequate healthcare.
I do.  And for a return of the jobs commies have stolen.   In the mean time, feel free to find a communist country you like.
I don't think you're being genuine when you talk about praying for people. You're more about the fight than the cause.
You do know that the Bible states, in the Old & New Testaments, that those who do not work should not eat.  Many get benefits wrongly.
generously lend him sufficient for his need in whatever he lacks.

Deuteronomy 15:7-8
Exactly ,the greatest job growth sector has been in health care too,imagine the jobs as well as HC for all citizens.
Jobs are not a goal, per se.
Yes,HC for all citizens as a right is and should be the goal for all American ppl.First & foremost.
It can't be a right. Privilege, entitlement, etc? Sure.

Moreover, it is not the national govt job. Oregon can put up single payer anytime.
I think it is ,it's my view.Poor unable to buy or get insurance while the top 1% get tax breaks is morally ,ethically wrong.Ppl die bc of it
The 1% pay a larger share of the taxes in US than other nations' 1%. IOW, US gets more out of "our" rich and corps than "more fair" nations.
Corp Tax rate is higher but they don't pay it, they get write-offs & deductions, so they end up with zero payment. That's wrong
If you lift up the poor,job training grants giving employable skills you change from recipients to contributors .Win for all,giving dignity.
Very few nations have a national single payer. If you were serious about this, you'd support a dismantling of federal system.
For example, Denmark is the size of a large city, yet degenerates authority to county level administrations.
So a nation with highly responsive govt says 5 million is too many for one system, while you say an unresponsive govt
With 320 million will produce good outcomes. Considering how terribly our current efforts at single payer work, this is lunacy.
Run for president. We in Sherwood, OR would go to work for you!
People all over the country will go to work for you!
Oregon is a special place. Why not have the next president come from here.
You're going to be flooded with money to stop this. If you don't follow through we may fire you.
Also are you on board with Sanders plan?
Senator: An answer to "what do you see happening this week" is "Well, if the Rs pass their bill thousands will die sick, broke, and alone"
The only answer!
@MoveOn @NewDay Putting govt in charge of healthcare is a complete disaster
Totally agree, the sooner we get there the better.
Fist pump of support 
YES!!! #Medicare4All #SinglePayerNow
Single payer is a disaster. Ask any Native American stuck with the IHS single payer system provided by the federal government.
IHS is government run health care, single payer is where the government pays private health care providers. Big difference.
IHS pays private providers. What they both do is make you say mother may I, before seeing any health provider. way to often the answer = NO
Amen, sir!
#TERMLIMITS  is the answer!
I hope you know Merkely has only been there for like 4 years. Not even 1 term
He's been a senator since 08,  and in office in Oregon since 97.  #termlimits
Yes to term limits but not without campaign finance reform This means constitutional amendment Otherwise lobbyists have even more control
That's right more welfare programs. Won't be long and you can't even print the worthless money to pay for it
It was. Can't those republicans just leave it be?
Socialism is never the answer
Can the @dccc print this instead, would help alot.. Thankyou Sen Merkley
Thank you for standing with us
Yeah - let's put a Washington DC  Bureaucrats in charge of a already complex and personal activity - worst idea ever. @GOPmajority
What are the chance of this Congress doing it?  Be honest you and I know slim to none.  We don't have enough people in office willing.
Not with the wreck first, fix later process. Further, right wants church-based healthcare, not single payer. They want no payer.

MY senator Merkley!  Sanders/Merkley 2020   Though that's probably one more case of wishful thinking on my part .
Merkley is good. Can't see both on a ticket, but I'd be for either one.
We need to #ResistTrumpCare and these #diversions from the DT party that are designed to keep us from watching what the other Reps R doing!
Sen Merkley, you gave the ending away & cost them clicks & advertising dollar$. 
Can you get the New/Neoliberal/elite Dems to wake up the smell the coffee that is called 58% of the public (without party & MSM support)
@NewDay it's impossible to make something simple enough for those who are  getting paid TO NOT understand the issue actually understand it.
DING DING DING!!!
Single payer is the answer
We can make it simpler, BUT the insurance corps want it complicated to fool people into paying way more than they have to.
Can someone please explain how a single payer plan would work? Thank you!!
Thank you Senator for fighting for us Oregonian's and all Americans.
Agree
And you'll exempt yourself like you did with Obamacare.
@NewDay @CNN yes!
The Democratic Party need to get on board with Jeff.
That is why almost every country in the world has it  
Even Rwanda - which has 91% coverage
Push for it Jeff!
100%! Keep at it, Senator Merkley. 

Your proud constituent has your back!
"Why do corporations always get their way?  It's not fair," said the 10 yr. old in me.
SP would be the objective but we must have bi partisan support to be sustainable, as every majority in congress will undo if opposed
Drug prices could be negotiated as well, which would result in lower costs, less waste.
That's the best spoiler alert ever
#Docs4SinglePayer #PedsDocs4SinglePayer

Simply horrific math on Bernie's part.
With what money do you plan on paying for it??? Venezuela has a great single payer system, look how well that's working for them. #moron
Not liking that McConnell just announced text should be ready by next Thurs, the CBO possibly by the next Mon or Tues. FREAK OUT NATION!
Do the Ds have an outline for a Single Payer bill? Anything that's ready to for CBO to score? Can minority Ds send a bill to CBO to score?
If the question is "How do we get longer lines, higher hospital death rates & lower survival rates for what strikes Americans most", sure.
Dude, don't spoil the end of the story
HEALTH CARE IS A BASIC HUMAN RIGHT
#MedicareForAll & #BasicIncome if #CorporateAmerica wants machines to do the work.
Not for #CharlieHurt
Thank you, senator. 
Yes, yes, yes! From the daughter, wife and mother of doctors all of whom care deeply about patients!!♡
Yeah!!!!!

Sir, Single Payer is just a slogan that doesn't lead to #UniversalCoverage for everyone, UC must be our goal
Single Payer is just a slogan, how about basing a real solution on the German system?
A road to Single Payer has to be via a good Public Option based on Medicare Buyin, let corp insurance wither away from real competition
#AuntieHillsays that is why we stopped asking the question in Cali.
screw you big government Liberals are reason we have doubled debt in last 8 years
Senator Merkley, can you talk to my WA Dem senators and convince them of this? Cantwell is against Single Payer b/c it can't be "passed."
Yes to Single Payer!
We Americans have an inalienable right 2 healthcare.

Expand current "single payer" programs 2 protect ALL of US
These 7 steps will:

4 moderates, stabilize private health insurance;…
Single payer health insurance. Reinvent healthcare delivery system. Health starts with clean environment & clean nourishment.
Better outcomes, much lower cost, rest of world proves it works, GOP fiscal conservatives 'should' be ALL over it!
Run for President!
not to mention the added expense of all the administrators and office workers and office space it takes to run all these programs
Someone wants to win elections I see.
Reminds me of Rand Paul talking about how private healthcare is better and accidentally arguing for single payer https://youtu.be/53UEkpONzXs 
Medicare doesn't cover periodontal care, which I need. Medicare for all is great, but single payer is vicious and takes my options away.
The difference between Medicare for all and single payer is that single payer takes away your options when Medicare won't cover something.
It depends on how it's set up. Single payer in Canada still allows for private insurance for dental, vision, etc.,
All of the single payer countries have a private insurance market alongside the public system. A pity this isn't more widely known.
yes!
Thank you Senator for your tireless work on behalf of us all.This is an exhausting issue+your unflagging advocacy is inspiring. #Merkley2020
Little to n0 chance to pass S.P. Why not a pub option? If it does well on exchange w attractive price/good cov, it'd be the de factor S.P.
That's a big if. Too much incentive to undermine it so that private insurance can survive. SP avoids that.
But SP will spell the death of the entire insurance industry, a even worse outcome. Pub option only forces it to compete&it still takes CSR
The insurance industry sucks out about a third of the money we pay for health care without adding value.
Countries with a competitive public option end up with around 80+% on public insurance, destroying it anyway.
The key word is competitive. Grew up w a SP system, not something I want to go bk. Also check some bottom ranked ones, NZ, NOR, FR, all SP.
France ranks higher than the US in comparisons. Norway also ranks highly.
If it makes you feel better you can still pay through the nose for private insurance under SP, or pay out of pocket for more immediate care.
Yes!!! 
YES. Thank you!
Even easier would be just putting health insurers under a special code of public law enforcing the common good of providing universal HC.
You could just copy the German one.Advantage would be a less cumbersome bureaucratic behemoth (see British NHS) responsible for 380 millions
You wouldn't need to change anything in your current structure except force insurers to actually serve their purpose.
You'Re barking up the wrong tree here, I'm not at all opposed to single payer healthcare in the USA.
especially since they also already have a vast single payer system in place.
Then a bit less alarmism in your rhetoric would be a great idea.
Hell yeah!
What evil lurks in the hearts of those that would wish this on their fellow man?
Yes it is. That is why so many countries have gone that way. It is the most cost effective way to get everyone covered. Thank you Senator.
@NewDay Really medicare for all. Remember medicare patients have trouble finding doctors who'll accept medicare.
cc: Ron Wyden
No. This would be wrong. Government is already too much In our lives.
Yes! Single Payer!
Yep
Your challenge, Senator, is to first convince the Clinton Obama wing of the party, then elect a Dem majority who will pass single payer.
JEFF!!!! 
Google Charlie Gard Senator.  That is the end result of State run health care. The State decides who lives or dies.
This is nothing new.
YES
Praying for the day this happens.
This is a good tweet.
An answer but not 'the' answer. Metabolic disease + dog-on-dog so-called society tearing lives families community. No drugs for what ails 
All aboard the Titanic!
Yes it is! No more BS now. Straight for SP!
Even Medicare  requires supplimentary coverage and co-pays so how is that simplier?...   not to mention how we pay for it.
Having you FOR a Senator is STRESS
Yes.... PLEASE convince your "co-workers" (using that term loosely)....THANK you for speaking up!
SINGLE PAYER IS THE ANSWER
Yes, absolutely.  And we could have it if everyone paid their fair share of taxes. Thank you.
Sweetener: single payer is the answer.

It's time we started embracing the better option for health coverage.
If you believe this, write it up, get the CBO estimates & present it to the people as a viable option if McConnell won't put it to a vote.
IOW, stop yer bitchin' and gift to fixin'... words are worthless. 
Signed, 
Frustrated In Cave Junction
go on Chapo
Thank you senator
Yes!!!
This whole issue, like dealing with the "game" of healthcare, is such a drain on societal energy, imagination, and of course $$.  Enough!
yes!!!!!!!!!

