Any discussion on #taxreform that favors the richest 1% at the expense of working Americans is dead on arrival. #NotOnePenny
Stand strong Senator
And Trump should show his taxes
Corporate tax cut helps shareholders the most. 92% of shares owned by wealthiest 20%, top 1% owns 38% of shares
Thank you, Senator Merkley!
Ok the. also fully support Single Payer HC!
Would U support adopting resident based tax'n 4 individuals? Under US only citizen tax Americans can't compete in global econ.  #TaxReform
Thank you 
Yes, all are problems stem from those filthy wealthy people. If we could just take all their money our problems will be solved.
Oh no Jack, it would be the right thing to do...
Did you mention to Pres. Obama who made W's tax cuts permanent.  

Fix your party, so they're a real opposition party instead of Repub-lite.
I DARE 10 @GOP to say the same thing. C'mon!
Yep!! But work instead of fighting !
After 8 years of Obama & Senate Democrats why we Pay more in Taxes  than we do for FOOD & CLOTHING? THANKS RON &JEFF for Screwing Americans!
Thank you, sir. You are greatly appreciated.
Can we just make a deal? Let's just Impeach or #25 him and this whole debate thing goes away. OK?
Yes prez pence won't want to cut taxes I'm sure. #delusional
Aren't a wealthy few working Americans who've succeeded? Why villianize successful working Americans. I'm tired of the same rhetoric.
With the wealthy paying over 86% of taxes, it'll be hard to cut taxes for the other 14%.  #basicmath
Crap!  You wont stand for ANYTHING proposed by the GOP.   Really sad and oh so small minded!
Let's use my tax plan, so simple you not like it, 23,100.00 per person up to 3, deduction.
Plus any government mandatory deduction, after that 20% tax. Equal Justice under the law.
Corporate taxes same thing, all government mandates come off taxes, after that 20%. Run and hide too simple for your brain.
Betsy needs a boathouseokay...another boathouse, sheesh!
I am not the 1% but go ahead and handcuff my business so I can't hire people with my small business. Yes that is the thing to do.
Reducing worker misclassification will balance the federal govt with no new taxes.  1099 v W2 means 7.25% withholding per dollar.
Where were you when GOP planned to cut 875 million from FEMA in the middle of hurricane season so he could have a wall like China?
Here! Here!
The wealthy the power to bring jobs.We don't care if they make more money, as long as we do n our families! F Obamacare or u will all be out
Let's hope you honor your word and have other Senators backing this.
Easy fix, really. Make ALL Americans pay taxes instead expecting a few to cover it. I'm lower middle class: flat tax, 100% participation.
Jeff was mum for 8 Obama Years enriched Democrat Billionaires, Hedge Fund Managers Friends who bought Dems w/$123Mil Trump $19K
Shut up and do your job....
Trump #TaxReform Corporate GREED at its finest. While others suffer, corporatists gouge them further. Like Trump and family fleecing America
Try taking a few economics courses. Corps rewarded for investing and creating jobs helps everyone. Take away their money, folks lose jobs.
This is the country with the best chance to start & grow a business. So they need to #HaveAcokeAsmile&shutTheHellUp 8/End
I'm sick & tired of these spoiled children & their constant complaining about their tax rate! They need to grow up 6/?
How much has the tax payers had to pay to clean up the environment after they fold, bankrupt or just close. 6/?
The #GreatestGeneration who built this Country were paying up to 90% taxes over a certain amount & they still made money! 5/?
To India or any other 3rd world country and deal with their roads, electrical grids. Most are going to automation so there go's the jobs 4/?
Most of these major corporations don't pay taxes anyway. #GasAssOrGrassNoOneRidesForFree if they don't like it here let them move 3/?
When r we going to stop listening to these whinny corporations who use all of our assets but don't want to #PayTheirFairShare 2/?
Jeff, how r we going to pay for #HealthCare #Infrastructure #ClimateProblems #EtcEtc by #CuttingTaxes if anything u need to raise them! 1/?
hopefully you'll sit down shut up and be quiet then, because obstructionism isn't helpful Senator
Please keep your word on that.
Thank you Sir!!
Good anything mnuchin touches and Mulvaney is a non-starter. F*** them all
You are awful #LowerTaxes #MoreFreedom 
Your donors are going to be so upset to hear that Merkley. They may stop funding your election campaigns.... sleazy.
Very important! Frame the debate using true words not Orwellian. Call it by its true name, something like #TaxRipoff. NOT #taxreform
Thankyou.  Thankyou.
Liar!!
also don't let regugs impact #MuellerTime
is that code for u want ur bribe cut or u wont support it?? prob, u guys are so crooked and corrupt
Why do the rank & file GOP voters always support tax cuts for uber rich? GOP feeds them fantasy they can be that too. Wake up. They lie to u
Because you don't deserve anyone else's money. We must relieve the tax burden and lower taxes across the board. More freedom.
Nice theory but in practice GOP has always helped the richest. Why don't any Republicans seem to notice that?
We need to lower taxes across the board and cut spending. Dems want more government. More taxes. Fascism.
So you think that taxes and government automatically equate to fascism? Perhaps you should restate your position.
Yes. High taxes stealing money from citizens is tyrannical. Of course government and some taxes are necessary though
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley for representing the people of Oregon so well
That's because there is a bunch of educated morons in Oregon.
Someone is a moron because they don't want only the ultra rich to get tax breaks & screw everyone else? Got it.
Thanks for stepping up.

You have not even seen a proposal and already trashing it...what a waste of our $ on you.   Who paid your health in this and every month.
Then quit wasting what we do send to DC, you seem to forget it is our $ not the governments.
and don't forget the wild horses please.
Thank you, @SenJeffMerkley. Everyone needs to know the truth about corporate tax cuts.
fight the deficit
Thx u #TrumpedUpTrickleDown
Thank you
WADR, Senator, please stop calling what Rs might introduce "tax reform." Their interest seems to be primarily in deficit-expanding tax cuts.
You care about deficits? Where were you during Obama's deficit-doubling spending spree? Silent, I bet. Libs have ZERO economic credibility.
Make it clear to @POTUS that we don't want to pay for his stupid wall -- even if he lies about Mexico reimbursing us later.
Then get off your asses and do something right. NEVER HAPPEN, too much power and donations involved.
If your position screws tax reform please resign you are not more important than the country.
If "tax reform" benefits the top 1% at the expense of you and I, wouldn't you want him to fight for a plan that reverses that?
As in a plan that gives tax cuts to middle class, at the expense of the 1% (who already pay less of a percentage than you or I)
Look the upper % already pay the majority of taxes. Comparing tax rates is deceptive.
You won't stand for any plan that benefits people who pay taxes is what you really mean.
Thank you!!!
Thanks on behalf of someone who has both senators supporting it and probably all but one of our four representatives also supporting it.

Republican Landslide, sorry!!!

You haven't been in Portlandia recently. Working Americans aren't your voting base. Cosmopolitan young professionals from out of state are
