Remember when you where for the Nuc option? I know,  how convenient it's for you to forget. Well I didn't forget, your a hypocrite!
I guess that makes YOU one HELLUVA CREEP!
For calling out a Senator that praised the the Nuc option when it was convenient for the Democrats? Please go bother someone else.
I don't  need to. Im minding my own business and YOURE doing it FOR ME!
Thanks Harry Reid for Neil Gorsuch
It was a grand day for America. The grown ups in the room took control of the room and made America better! Blessings to Gorsuch!
the "grown ups?" Who stall and obstructed everything Obama tried to do for 8 years? Nope.
So that started the all out warfare. It is not good for America. The best legislation comes from both parties coming together.
Agreed! But the increasingly militant GOP's STATED agenda was simply to oppose everything Obama suggested.
EVEN when it was nearly identical to previous GOP policy suggestions!
Cut it out with your FAKE narrative! American citizens voted for POTUS Trump. Now we have a great man for SCOTUS as well. #CrookedDemocrats
Youre the one with the loooong nose....oh ..that explains it.
Americans are grateful to you for fighting #Gorsuch & Oregonians are proud to have you as their Senator. @Indivisible_OR
This Washingtonian is Proud too! U ROCK!
Time to end lifetime appointments to #SCOTUS
Yeah..make a new rule of FOUR YEAR APPOINTMENTS!
Dem Georgetown prof & Constitutional Scholar Andrew McCarthy has argued cases in front of SCOTUS (unlike yourself) says he'll be excellent.
You would believe the moon was made of blue cheese if someone told you that. THINK FOR YOURSELF...KNUCKLE BRAIN!
1/ When we have the majority next year in 2018, change the rules. Make it possible to void his nomination. @SenateMajLdr set the prcedent

What a full of $h!# statement- Harry Reid
WHAT an idiotic statement re: @Scotus decisions lacking legitimacy. You lack a brain. Try going against a decision & see how legit it is.
I'm afraid for our country. This is not the country I gave I served and gave my health for.

I'm afraid for our country.
Great article.  Shows that the Senate was not checked  by our checks and balance system!  #StolenSeat is a crime against US Citizens
Thanks for doing all you could Senator, they've broken precedent w/unknown implications. Obama's nomination was savaged..1/2
& a right wing justice is confirmed meanwhile the GOP has won just 1 presidential majority popular vote since 1988.
Who said "We believe advice and consent should not be the ability of a few folks to sabotage the functioning of the rest ofCongress" #youdid
You are supposed to review his education, experience, and character, not his politics. Poor, sad loser. Constitutional order restored today.
@SenJeffMerkley - I bet you and @HillaryClinton are good friends. #flipflop #NuclearOption #liberalhypocrisy
You are a embarrassment, Resign!
We won't forget this theft #thiefjusticegorsuch
fantastic nomination in Gorsuch american people want progress not liberal empty dialogue
And youre what MAKE AMERICA DUMB!
Well you are a HERO for what you did to try to stop Gorsuch but obviously the Republicans played DIRTY POOL You r a GREAT GREAT AMERICAN!
So #ImpeachTrump not gonna happen.
Thank you for your effort.
thank you for your courageous filibuster effort. A sad day, but we will prevail.
Thank you for trying.
You are failing our senate seat. You fail to represent the constitution & Oregonians. Resign so we can send a real statesman to that job.
https://twitter.com/peddoc63/status/850832021530259457 …
2be fair,EW made statement,but Merkley fbstrd.Still, Dem hypocrisy,&I think fbstr was part Merkley plan 4 Pres run.
Crap, just crap! You would only be satisfied with a liberal pick! Don't talk about politics! You're the master ideologue! Sad!
You did your best. Gorsuch is a lunatic. That Corporations can have a religion is beyond crazy
Yes it is Senator. Only 4 years too late. #Harry Reid.
TY for your efforts Senator
You supported the Nuclear Option.
Rs win. Ds lose again. Thank u Harry Reid.
plz dont despair sir.Your actions have ignited a fighting fire within the people that care about democracy and building this country back up
1 down and two to go. Libtards will be held accountable to the constitutional laws in this republic before his term is up.
We did not allow a lame duck president or a lame duck protestors such as you resisting the will of the people. Just think 2 more to go.

#Gorsuch joins #Alito to champion "relig freedom" of Christian majority to discriminate. Note wording: "EVANGELIZE" http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/samuel-alito-we-must-evangelize-our-fellow-americans-on-religious-freedom/article/2617573 …
The Dems need to realize that things have changed. The GOP is full of bullies/tyrants/cons. It will take different meaner measures to win.
Oh the racists in the Dem Party are already mean enough, they just have shit ideas.
Strong 2a stance is why he was voted in.
That the way it goes buddy,  The COMMUNIST PARTY LOST.
He's just an asterisk now and we can never let him forget that he should have stepped down. Instead, he evaded questions. NO RESPECT
Who cares crybaby
Snowflake
Not a constituent but I admire you. You are a true patriot, American, champion. Your efforts will not be forgotten & are appreciated.#resist
The end of the senate and McConnell is to blame.
Utterly DISGUSTED.
weird how you supported his nominations to lower courts, but now he is an evil character. always pandering for political points
It was a dark day when you thought they wouldn't nuke...after you nuked. But now whoever has majority has control...full control. #insane
Your tears taste yunny
ANGRY here
How ridiculous are you? It's hard to believe anyone here in Oregon ever voted for you.
Plz GO AWAY ...KNUCKLEHEAD
Thank you. #IstandwithJeffMerkley.
It Truly is. April 7, 2017. #DaySenateDied #trumpkillsAmerica #SyriaStrike "When you're going through Hell, Keep Going." W. Churchill
I hope to God KY votes him out. I live in Ohio. I'd go down to work for any DEM running against him. You will go down in history. Valiant!
I know you were not successful in this case. Your efforts greatly appreciated & we will continue to back you. Thank you
Show me a dark deed comment when Harry Reid did this & I'll have respect. Otherwise U are just another lying hack with a D that you worship.
DUD, You are IRRELEVANT!
Todays GOP isnt conservative- it's reactionary, & shd always be referred to as such. Thank you, Senator, 4 yr leadership here!
I will become a first-time resident of Oregon next month. So thankful to have you as a leader. Honor and ethics matter!
Yes, it most certainly is a dark day.
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley, you did what you could. Now we need to remove #TRUMP, hobble his oligarchy of a cabinet and move to protect USA
Dark Money funded Gorsuch  lacks honor, any respect for justice and will rubber stamp his politics irregardless of substance of cases.
Thank you for a valiant effort!  Have faith We the People shall rise.
Thank you for trying so hard @SenJeffMerkley. You are appreciated. Feels like we are living in an alternate reality.
Damn Democrats are looking stupid every freaking day is the keep it up and you turn the state red
You call your own congressional rules theft?

These are all Dem Senators who voted for Judge Gorsuch before. Why are they objecting now, other than politics? #tcot #ccot #gop #maga 
Lessons learned: GOP will lie, cheat & collude to push their agenda through. An agenda that isn't in the best interest of America. Vote2018!
Elections have consequences. You lost.
Not only that they got curb stomped.
Thank you for all you did! You (and us) are on the right side of history despite this injustice.
not as dark as the day you became a traitor to the United States of America
Caused by you for trying to block an eminently qualified candidate.   You chose politics over country.   Shame on you.
You are an embarrassment to the Citizens of Oregon.
Barry Bonds hhaahhaa
You blathering on for 15 hours was beyond dark
i fear for our democracy!

I voted for a fool. Why did you waste everyones time knowing he was going to be aproved? Fight the fight you can win.
if senate minority can confirm a Justice then Garland's seat were stolen, if not,senate majority confirmed Gorsuch squarely.
Thank you
Yay! So glad #gorsuch was confirmed despite your efforts!!! #win #youdontrepresentme
We're you in favor of doing the same thing when Senate used this for federal judges or was that a theft as well? Hypocrite.
Well said sir..thank you
This is all and only about abortion! Anyone who believes a baby can be murdered in the womb is unreasonable. All else is so much smoke!
As your constituent, I ask you to initiate action against @SenateMajLdr for intentional violation of 5 US Code 3110. #ImpeachMcConnell
Or we could impeach Senator Schummer. Maybe we should find a way to work together rather than continue this civil war.
Since that's how things are done now, Dems should respond in kind next time you're the majority. Only way to deal with a bully: hit back.
how about a statement on shiting on the Constitution yet again not asking Congress to vote on declaration of war
Obama bombed seven nations full of brown people relentlessly for 8 years. Never once did he "Ask Congress". Where was your indignation then?
Next fight sir, impeach!
We are still proud of you and our party. Keep fighting the good fight. The GOP is imploding right before our eyes.
We have POTUS, Congress and the Supreme Court! Now we can recover from 8 years of Nobama! Fool
Thank you Senator for fighting!
Trump just opened a can of worms that is going to make it a national security risk now. This was a show bc trump #'s r tanking. Impeach him.
He was getting in regardless of your efforts,sadly. Going nuclear gave us a completely partisan gov't. Now, we are really screwed.
Thank you for fighting until the very last minute. #Resist
Ur 2b commended Jeff 4 your efforts. GOP stole U.S. Supreme Court seat w/Gorsuch will lead 2 bad things 4 republicans in 2018. #SyriaStrikes
Thank you for your efforts, Senator.
No crime committed. Just politics.
You & lying Dimms are disgrace! DJT had nothing to do with Garland. Dimms will pay the price in 2018 for their obstruction of DJT.
Do the republicans have more crap to push through? Or is Comey ready to pretend he's still a patriot now, and insert the Qtip?
thanks for your efforts to prevent this. Oregon has amazing senators!
Thank you for standing up (literally) and fighting for what is right.  Sincerely appreciate your efforts - a Florida resident.
#SCOTUSnominee #gorsuch/BiggestHypocriteEvr/500 #Filibuster King @SenateMajLdr burns bridge2freedom from Citizens(Corp's&Billionaires)United
Sad, he's making us a huge joke. We are humans, and should have a human as president
It over it, loser. You can blame Harry Reid.
Thank you for you heroic efforts to fight this travesty.
GOT #Domonionist #FireballHurlingPsychos n #POTUS #SenateMajLdr #SpeakerRyan, so 6 #RomanEmpire #Catholics "made n his image&likeness on SC?
IF YOU supported Harry Reid changing the rules to benefit DEMS then you need to SHUT IT!
#SCOTUS #gorsuch #MAGA #Trump

STILL WINNING
From here on every Supreme Ct decision esp. a 5-4 one WILL be tainted :( :/
Thanks for everything Jeff you did what you could
You fought the good fight. Hopefully Gorsuch won't be that bad (he comes off as likeable). But it shouldn't have been Trump's seat to fill
Remember this the next time one of our Dem leaders suggest "working together" with GOP. They would rather burn the world down than share it
Big happy day for Koch bros to undermine democracy in favor of corporatocracy! #Corporatocracy #Kleptocracy #NoGorsuch #IllegitimateGorsuch
Curious if you were one of the Senators that confirmed him unanimously for US Court?
I think the Senator took office a year or two after Gorsuch was appointed to the 10th Circuit.
Schumer didn’t….
Correct, Schumer consented to his appointment. I guess Gorsuch morphed into the living, breathing embodiment of evil in the meantime.
Good 1....I second that thought!
GOP STOLE SCOTUS SEAT LIKE THEY STOLE AMERICA. THUGS
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley for fighting for our Democracy 
Know you are not alone
We will continue to #resist
Thank you for standing up
Merkley you and the others of your ilk set all this up and now you know what it's like to be on the receiving end. You lost, get over it!
Thank you Senator for your attempts huge steps to delay/ reject this appointment. I stood with you.  Dark day indeed
You sure hate having to play by your own rules. #Gorsuch is right for #SCOTUS. Garland's history was deference to gov't against the people.
Sad day for women's rights, working people, healthcare, voting rights, getting rid of Citizen United, environment & Democracy
Wouldn't an honorable man have withdrawn? Given the FBI investigation into Trump?
Thank you Senator for trying!
Yes, you inspire others to GREATNESS!
Sad for Alaska to. Killing innocent momma bears with their cubs and wolves with their pups
Very well said, Senator Merkley. I couldn't agree more!
I applaud you, Senator.  Thank you for fighting. #resist
Joe M.  And the other dem who vote for him need to be primary.  They are not dem.  They gop (grab out pussy)
Blame yourself #StupidOnPurpose Jeff, you called for filibuster before Gorsuch was announced. Actions have consequences....
Worry more about the illegal war on Syria, Jeff.
You fought the good fight...we will remember.
America has passed away
He's the illegitimate justice. It's really quite disturbing.
Barry Bonds of SCOTUS
