U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos plans to visit McMinnville High School on Wednesday. http://bit.ly/2xt0ecG 
Of all the jobs that should not come with #OnTheJobTraining
I told @senrobportman that DeVos never published any professional document on any education topic and he said he'd done his "own research".
Actually she fits perfectly w/ a reality TV star as Pres, an oil exec as Sec of State a Doctor as Sec of Housing & a racist as Attorney Gen.
She probably meant she wanted to know if Oregon was on Common Core or the Ebonics system so she could speak 2 it in the correct manner.
Yes it would be! Betsy DeVos has no business being Sec of Ed

Protesting today in McMinnville
Seems like you are being condescending to a educated women. Jeff are you a misogynist?
Maybe that UFO from the 50s will come back and take her with them
LOL, one can only hope
I try to stay positive 
Yeah, like the Common Core standards that liberals created... that dont work.. and are a book monopoly.
I suppose she is curious why McMinnville isn't failing it's students....ya know....like the rest of Oregon.
@BetsyDeVosED has so much in common with @realDonaldTrump 
Not near as great as it would be 2 have a Congress that understands & follows the US Constitution
And one that actually supported public education rather than home schooling.
Wouldn't it be nice to have a Senator from Oregon who knew something about leadership? Problem is you are not looking to improve.
Ur a typical political jackoff if that’s what u got out of the article.

Watch now: Protesters gather outside McMinnville High, where @BetsyDeVosED is scheduled to take a tour at 2 p.m. https://www.facebook.com/KGWTV8/videos/10154811410295736/ … 
Must be more to it than that surely?? Since when did the taxpayer start funding on-the-job training for the Cabinet.
She should look to Oregon as the education model! We've had libs running the state for 40 yrs and our public ed is top... oh, wait...
Please Send Her to Detention and Not to Our Schools.She is a horrible representation and example of our Beautiful Children Go Away DeVos!
Yes it would!
And it would be great to have a senator who knew about non-partisanship and the sufferings of his constituents (e.g. ACA, taxes).
Her lack of qualifications is dangerous to this nation's future.
Cause you know everything...
We’d like a Senator who understands the diff between illegal and citizen and who’s read the constitution.
@spacemanatee @OPB She just wants to learn a faster way to dismantle it. Evil, evil woman...

You only say this because she is Republican. We all know your words wold be different if she was a Clinton appointee
So that’s why there’s thunder, lightening and hail this afternoon. 
Senators as well!
Well yes.  Would b good 2 have some1 in housing, EPA, etc.
.@OPB Hope she rides coach, not on a private plane with taxpayer funded bodyguards. #SupportPublicSchools
Now that is a concept that Widdle' Donny could look into when he nominates another incompetent to a Secretary position.
Now your just talkin crazy talk! 
That hasn't happened for a long time
Please fight for quality public education for all!
It would be great if any of his cabinet knew what the heck they were doing
Need to get big money out of politics/education.
Will she also go to the nearby George Dickel Distillery in Tullahoma?
I hope the kids boo her
#TermLimits
Yes, yes it would.
At a loss..... SMH
It definitely would, but w/current moron tRump administration, this is asking too much.
Notta! Oh wait, we need more money!
Is everyone an expert? Nothing left to learn?
One can only hope she dismantles that useless department.
This whole white house administration is just incompetent When will congress act 
Before we are pushed back instead of going forward
Who isnt trying to privatize and force christian on students!
Seems like a bullet point listed under “minimum requirements” section
What would you expect from a crazy president.  Few cabinet chiefs know much about their jobs.
We could spend more on kids if not for unfunded PERS...I am happy with someone who knows math.
None of his cabinet picks understand the departments they head. Purposeful destruction through malice and ignorance.
Betsy DeVos & Trump & Nepoti$m : Blackwater founder Prince weighing U.S. Senate run
UNION SHILL: all ur current + past geniuses in education have left USA w/ rock-bottom SAT scores+ignorant illiterates + bigly drop out rates
That's the party line while Gop steals public school funds from taxpayers. Starve public schools publicly devalue teachers and then blame it
Who confirmed this " Swampest " for this job??
When we finally get Trump OUT, Betsy needs to be gone within minutes!
You criticize her for seeking to become better informed, when you could benefit from following her example on a whole range of issues.
if I had $200M from family funds I could have bought job too. So no thx on her as an example. But agree it's good for her to finally learn
What are we ranked in the nation Jeffrey? Seems to me you need to brush up on your own failures for our school system.
She is incapable of learning anything about public schools in a few stops...there is a lot to know and schools vary a great deal.
How far do you make the teacher's unions shove the cash up your rectum, Jeff, to tweet shit like this?

Dear Lord, help us!
Wouldn't it be great to have a senator with higher than an 11% approval rating?
Our senator, the union mouthpiece... #SoProud

 Funny seeing the trump bots tweeting full force w/ignorant comments. 
@SenJeffMerkley it's obvious you're doing things right, it keep up 
You are a do nothing political HACK
@OPB Depending on McMinnville HS, staff and students, to teach her.
Gotta crawl before you walk.
Nobody in education has the kind of money her family had to throw around to buy that position in Trump's cabinet
J merkely is a democrat what a jerk. Tell us Jeffie just what you even know about education when you come off as uneducated
wouldn't it be great to have senators that could use a gun before they wrote laws on guns or had some knowledge about guns
Haha. From insulter in chief who made his bones falsely claimed44 not American insults everyone and cries like a baby if back at em
@OPB Wouldn't it be great if we had a senator who actually fixed legislative programs that are failing instead of tweeting.
What time in McMinnville?  Have wheels can travel.
O one is better qualified than DeVos. It would nice if you knew what your talking about
It’s “you’re”. Maybe you shouldn’t criticize Merkey?

I miss Arnie
I don't. Arnie sold us out on measure 49. Nice guy personally but he's too soft.
new dem mantra we hate Trump,nothing else matters,we hate Trump,nothing else matters.repeat over &over again until he quits.
don't even consider any gop ideas because we hate Trump,nothing else matters.
What GOP ideas don't we consider?
Trying to gauge how much the public still hates her being in that position by demonstrator count? IOW, are Facebooks ads working?
Yes.
