This perverse obsession with depriving millions of health care is amoral,indecent and, frankly, diseased.
You are a dumb ass Jeff Merkley!!
FACISM in action.  This is how it starts (continues?).
I think a protest is in order.
Ha! I have my own fabulous healthcare. I actually care about others. I'm willing to contribute to the greater good.
Next round of tax changes will benefit the top wealth in our nation. 100s of thousands wasted on Trump sec. detail and abuse of govt. jets.
Don't know historical precedent for campaigning, however, leisure trips are ridiculous. Same issue in NC with dem. Gov. Easley. It's wrong.
These people r deplorable!
Agreed.  People's lives are physically, mentally being tampered with by political non-sense.
The President is refusing to uphold the laws & constitution & must be impeached
@ActDontReact GOP is playing w/people's health, public safety because of billionaires, Kochs, Mercers their masters
shameful
You mean like Obama did to get the Obamacare hell passed in the first place?
you mean with months of town halls and meetings?
Sorry meant to reply to @2nd_Amend_Right  not @remtzk1
STOP REPUBLIKLAN BRIBES ,PRESSURE AND LIES TO SELL GRAHAM/CASSIDY!
It will only end when lib politicians like yourself r REMOVED.Experts @ obstruction you do nothing but hinder the political process always
Here dude, have another. This one's on me. Ffs...
We need to blast this from the rooftops.  THIS, DEFINES, un-American.  It is anti-democracy in concept and practice.
What can you do as a senator to hold cabinet members accountable?
Ur support is greatly appreciated What can be done to bring Sen. Collins & Murkowski to oppose TCare and continue to support Ocare?
Isn't this illegal, Senator Merkley?
Previous http://Healthcare.gov  admins under Obama said they NEVER had to do this.
It's a SHAM to suppress enrollment.
@OIGatHHS #AMJoy
#SaveACA
Pls continue to call daily! 202-224-3121 it's super easy to do! Don't trust Rand OR Cruz to vote no! We MUST #SaveACA thx! 
I'm shocked at the level of sinicism and callous, towards people's lives, they just don't care. Top to bottom sociopaths these guys, omg
if you succeed in taking our health care we will protest and take yours awayno affordable healthcare for you either
Time for a #NoPartySystem retire the parties so politicians only serve their constituents not their "teams" #resist
#GrahamCassidy is a smoke & mirrors bill intended to fool the American people into thinking all will B covered. Shame on U @LindseyGrahamSC
You mean like the Dems did with Obamacare?
The ACA is awesome.  You on it?
Too poor for ACA, which funny because I thought the ACA was supposed to cover the poor
Your all alike livers and crooks!!!!
Anything for the "Win". Are we sick of winning yet?
Then why did you support Obamacare knowing it would fail? It's architect told you it would. He is now in jail, BANK FRAUD!
Who can prevent this from happening?
Is it legal? Can it be prevented?

Insidious is ACA itself
Help release the TDA accounts and trust funds of the people and there would be no healthcare issues
I suppose they could have a freeze, but that system was in very bad shape when it went live so they could probably use the downtime

Obstructing the general health and welfare of the American people would be a violation of their oath of office....also grounds for removal!
What in the heck is going on with Congress?GOP isn't interested in a decent government at all. Disgusting. The worst ever. Out of control
I agree.  We need to end the ACA.  Tell everyone!
Uh, no we don't.
Any hope for @PattyMurray Alexander process or Sen Collins' new bipartisan proposal? Can congress force HHS not to sabotage?
What do you expect from a broken down piece of crap??? I don't think maintenance will help it's to far gone
I don't think you know what you are talking about.
Price needs to go.
Like that bridge being closed by Christie's administration in New Jersey. GOP obstruction of the ACA again.
They disgust me
Senator, what is Congress going 2 do about this blatant manipulation? Can u subpoena Price 2 immediately testify as 2 why this is happening?
Mutherfuckers.
The Dem. Party and the GOP hate Trump so they are making Americans suffer they are corrupt cowards that don't give a damn about America !
All 243 congressional D's need to speak out, not always the same few!
Remember when Jeff criticized Obama's incompetent rollout of its billion-dollar Obamacare website? Me neither.
Yeah...that's when I first signed up.  It wasn't that bad.
You created this mess. It's on you.
I love the ACA.  If the GOP would stop sabotaging prices would correct.
"Failing Obamacare" because republicans are doing everything they can to make it so.
Thank you for calling out the clear sabotage that we can all see
Pls do what you can to return Senate to regular order to get vital input, represent the public good. We need a compassionate Senate again.
Single payer is the answer!
Single payer is worse then the crap now. It’s never worked and never will, especially with our population.
NO to grahamcassidy!
I want to know who ALL the mega donors are who demand human sacrifice for tax breaks. I already know who in congress is on board with it.
You anti Trump wrier left out this part...
this is dispicable behaviour and we all see right through it.  How is congress fighting it?
Would that not be of interest to the courts? Kendal v. U.S., 1838. Not the president's prerogative to ignore laws of congress, Supremes.
Should have have left it alone 7 years ago this CRAP we have now is costing us out the ASS
Nope.  The healthcare system was broken for decades.  It needed to be worked on.
Sabotage! Trump admin wants ACA to fail. That's why premiums are skyrocketing. Insurers hate uncertainty. Such a shame!
Out and out sabotage affecting people's lives. Send the traitors to jail, vote the Republicans out. This is not the American way!
Why didn't Price face indictment over insider trading?
Price is as dirty as they come.
Do the heartless, greedy, selfish billionaires in Trump's administration just want all poor people to die??
Distressing to go from Obama to Trump and his nefarious crew. Evil really exists and it's in the WH lining its pockets with your money!
This is criminal, cruel, and malfeasance.
It's certain Senators that are playing games with People's Health Care.
The games are no debates or questions and ramming a tax break through.  You have no idea what you are talking about.
No maintenance takes 25% of every weekend for 5 weeks.   Why don't they do maintenance now so the site is all ready to go?
enough is enough. I am tired of being so fearful for my disabled daughter's life. Shame on these cruel men.
I truly feel for you. The fear and anxiety is like a torture, yet it's being inflicted by those who are supposedly there to help you. Abuse!
LOCK THEM UP! LOCK THEM UP! LOCK THEM UP!
The @GOP plan. Unconstitutional. #constitutionalcrisis #draintrumpswamp
Americans watch out for the 3 "P's". Pence, Price, Pruitt. And the"bama" elf.
Unbelievable!!!!
Uh...they kept enrollment open longer to compensate.  It wasn't a big deal.
Agree. They should extend the sign up period to offset this downtime.
Is this 1996? 12 hour site maintenance-wtf?  Are pogs and Ricky Martin coming back next or something?
Easy fix: extend open enrollment. For every day the site is down, add a week to open enrollment. Wait, they don't want a fix.
Then we will go back to being denied coverage when we need it most.  The old way did not work.
12 hours on sundays...when working folk have time to do these tasks.  Please, please get these idiots out of there!!
...as Price flys out on his next charter.
Pay for your own damn health insurance. I work my ass off for mine
They seriously don't care how many people they kill, do they? That's beyond sickening.
Yes.. great idea.. redo the web site while congress fight lol
Instead of tweeting about it, how about getting some News coverage & colleagues to amplify this warning.
Why isn't this illegal?
This administration is corrupt to the hilt. Unsustainable. He should have put out yesterday
It is site wide malpractice.  It is premeditated.  The timing is meant to sabotage.  There is no error.   They aren't sounding apologetic.
Price's and the rest of the gang's souls floated away a long time ago.  They should be accountable for their waste.
Tom Price is a criminal. I'm ashamed to live in his state. Cabinet members can be impeached. IMPEACH Tom Price. Go directly to jail, Tommy!
Jail Time for Price!  Reprehensible irresponsibility with taxpayers money should be punished.
Like not fixing the failing ACA when ypu have a chance and instead play politics when others try.
Does the Senate know about his insider trading racket?
They do. But it doesn't matter because it's OKIYR.

#ItsOKifYoureRepublican
What makes you think they are there to help us any more senator?
Exactly. When corporations are people these "elected" reps have to attend to their actual constituents concerns. Citizens are fish too small
STOP with the PROPAGANDA. Stick to ORE GONE  WE NEED HELP..VETS, EDUCATION. HOMELESSNESS, NO BUDGET. NO ROADS, NADA DO SOMETHING MOVE OUT
Why is it the Republicans end up fixing the Democrats mistakes? Tell me Obummercare wasn't a big screw up
It's actually pretty good. If they didn't sabotage it I'm sure it would work better. The GOP can't fix anything.  Stop fooling yourself.
And using taxpayers money like it's a ATM that earns frequent flyer miles

It actually is really good.
These scumbags clearly hate the American people
"If you like your Dr, you can keep your Dr." "avg family will save $2800/yr" Yeah, Jeff. Where were you then? The echo chamber.
That was sabotaged by the GOP.  Thank them.
Price must be removed. If this type of financial abuse was enough to remove the head of the FBI - it's enough for HHS Secretary.

“Concern Veteran Whistleblower” by @refee00 TarrefSimon needs help n bringing attention to contaminated water  https://medium.com/@refee00/concern-veteran-whistleblower-3d51ab0d642e?source=twitterShare-5cc87bb4372a-1506147730 …
