I wish Trump would post something like this instead of telling us how great he is and how wonderful everything he does is.
glad one of our senators knows what the Amazon is.
I thought change was good
-@CoryBooker is too busy trying to fix the swamp that Wash DC is now but I would happily go with you to help restore the Amazon
- No thanks. I try hard to stay far away from angry people carrying guns.
fake science, back in the 50s and 60s they said it was a global cooling and that we're all going to freeze.
Dave, it's what REAL science means: challenge, investigate, LEARN, repeat.
where online did you find this made-up story
Hi David. Pls check link to NYT, based on field visits and report by #RainforestNorw & #StandMighty
Hi Cory. We are committed to ending deforestation in our supply chains. We're currently investigating this & we will take action
This is  Oregon's  ClearCut Deforestation year after year! Thanks Jeff!
@SenJeffMerkley Amazon needs to stop deforestation just as we had to recognize the significance of our forests
True - but since you back big pharma what's your responsibility in all of this?
I agree
Nothing contributes to climate change, God controls it all.
Focus Cory pay attention to what's happening here in the United States, big EPA environmentalist but we got to stay focused
give her chance and that woman will take back hers. Mother Nature will only take so much.
Yes it is terrible! Why don't U take some of your democratic friends with their picket signs & protest. I could recommend a few.
Everyone needs to know meat eating is devastating the environment. Thanks for adding this info. Should blame meat more.
@SenJeffMerkley In high school, I wanted to give my oratory on the rainforest & was told it wasn't popular. I did it anyhow!!
Like you give a shit.
if u don't work w/ Republicans to fix HC Trumps gonna let the #ACA fail & u & every Dem will be responsible for people w/no ins
no concern for life on this planet from the smallest bug to trees, birds, all forrest life. No concern for human life.
All about the $.
this is wrong really,we have kids to inherit this earth,what is your solution? The best
would like to know how we'll eat once ocean acid kills it, C&S America stop trading, and other countries buy CN for stability
we no longer care if we have a place to live. Thx Trump!(Facetious)
Lots of folks don't like to eat meat, which I get. Soy has so many uses, but look what can happen to produce it...
...Any thought on how to balance this? The rain forests are too important globally to lose! ps, I had no clue there...
...was such a large Mennonite pop. there. Knowledge is power!
 the lessons learned from ago have been forgotten and greed has raised its ugly head again 
you sticking with big pharma is terrible as well! Keep taking money and selling out the American people.
thanks for highlighting but what can you do being in the minority in the senate? Admin is destroying all we hold dear. Pls help
You're not wrong about the deforestation of the Amazon, but is anything going to slow/stop Trump from screwing up our own land?
clear-cutting for "agriculture" and soy [to feed the "agriculture"]. All so people can cont. electing to eat meat.
No. so sad. We worked so hard on this and now it is a problem again?
people are choking themselves out
thank you for posting this
We have to get him out.
stop eating beef people. Fast food hamburgers are the culprits.
what USA will look like when Trump & his minions are thru
two things we don't believe The Times and Cory Booker
It makes me just want to give up.  How can this be stopped?
In the rain forest when the trees are removed can never grow back. Rain washes away all nutrients.
this is all over the world, Tar Sands in Canada. DAPL, Flint water and so on
How about we address the REAL problem. Overpopulation. Decrease the demand. Slow down on human breeding!!
what issue are u gonna demagogue tomorrow? Youve been caring so much, it must hurt. Worry about NJ and USA please.
they don't care...it's all about the money...always is!
#trumptrauma
It's kind of hard to breathe when there's no more oxygen. That's not to mention wildlife loss.
Brazil would be a good place for you. Why has this story been buried for the last 8 years? Hmmmm
Your pals the Clintons eliminated an entire rain forest in Colombia to line their pockets $$$$. No climate change outrage?? Scum do this
this is just terrible
Cannot understand how people can look at that devastation & shrug when it not only doesn't earn them a dime but hurts all life
Yup, this is bad. For right now, though, please maintain a domestic focus. It will help the . We need a leader. your style.
this problem is bigger, more impactful than Trump will ever be
IP - International Paper. Biggest culprit.
@BillieO2 @nytimes terrible news for our planet.
What planet are their children and grandchildren going to live on?  They're quickly destroying this one.
but now we have an "expert" who chooses not to believe in climate change...so, gee, ,no problem.
now this is a fight to take on ;we are talking about the lungs of Mother Earth;glad to see you bringing it for front
Cory, please focus on your own country. For example, loss of public land and drilling in sensitive areas.
Terribile è chi lo permette
@1st_experts the forests regulate the world's climate. This is more than tragic!
climate change
who profits from Americas ( JFK's ) criminalization of hemp? It needs to be part of the solution
The pharmaceutical companies have been the biggest opposition in recent years to legalization.
thank you sir for fighting the good fight
But you serve the corporate world - You are a banking corporate puppet. Your democratic party is a Republican clone.
Totally Agree
the gutting of the EPA will leave us in trouble like this. Need global coordination .
this gets me all the time: if I love the article it doesn't mean I love what the article is reporting. Hmmm.
Booker u need to get out of Washington and c the real world where do u think we're going to grow our food
As a planet we are doomed and Demon45 insists on making it worse.
omg all that's going on, like VETS dying, Drug plague, homeless, crime..this is all you got!! SMH. Start working with us.
"Making the Amazon Great Again"
I LOVE YOU Corey Booker!! But the  planet loves you more
I do too. I am hoping to see him run in 2020.
What do facts matter for #globalwarming cultists? Actually CO2 is helping green. https://wattsupwiththat.com/2016/04/25/inconvenient-study-co2-fertilization-greening-the-earth/ … The #climatechange scam is over.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP horrible global role models in WH and GOP congress. We cannot let this continue. @GOP step up!
EPA Chief doesn't believe in climate change, it doesn't take a scientific intellectual to theorize cause/effect.
Saw same in Indonesia last year.
need to put an end to animal agriculture
OUR FIRST OBLIGATION AS HUMANS IS THE HEALTH AND WELL-BEING OF THIS PLANET. CAPTAIN OBVIOUS.
#Climatechange? How do you spell #globalwarming cultist. Sats verify zero global warming for 18 years and there's zero proof w CO2. #reality
Who needs EPA anyway?
This is known as the earth's air conditioner, but it is being destroyed at a fast clip. There are still many unknownspeciesthere
you are aware trees are a renewable resource, aren't you?
Amazon deforestation, @POTUS USA #ChokedAir#Discriminate2Depopulate #BannonSpawn will get USSR VX bioweapon and depopulate US
Haven't you heard, " climate change is a hoax!" EPA needs real leadership. #sciencematters
This is totally effect on ecosystem.
Companies rarely do the right thing on their own.  That's why they need regulations. Even banks, too, they need regulations.
FORGETTING all the factories in #Bergen county that DUMPED raw chemicals into the streams that fed into the #Hudson?
remember Gorsuch s big business
