Truly unbelievable
Seriously, @washingtonpost - Fire whichever editor allowed this to happen.
Don't fire em this is a teaching moment
WaPo has like 5 'teachable moments' per day
That's why Nixon thought too, before some of the "trash" figured out what he did. 
some of them werent trash. 45 years later & theyre basically state media
Hey senator you're comments are also incorrect , just because you are in America, doesn't make you American. They had visitors too
Bad headline but fixed in next edition
GovDeal do you care I will be homeless in a few days no proper care from the state of Georgia workers comp. With/10yr/child.
"Nobody knows in Amer-i-ca.
"Puerto Rico's in Amer-i-ca." 
- Stephen Sondheim, "West Side Story," 1959
Ironic you mentioned WSS!!! Maria!!!
@ChelseaClinton @washingtonpost ask a Puerto Rican if they are Puerto Rican or American!
Are you American or an Earthling?
You can't make this stuff up. This not a foreign country and they do not need passports. Facts please!
Both New Mexico and Hawaii still receive inquiries from other Americans as to currency used and whether a visa or passport is required.
Good Lord, what a shame. 
That's easy, New Mexico uses the new peso. Duh!!
I think the Hawaiian dollar is called the "aloha"... 
Washington post....not well educated....
To be fair it is probably News to most people that they are American citizens.
Yeah. Stupid people.
Senator What have U personally done 2 aid P. Rico other than single tweet? Ever wonder why U get 300 bills sent 2 senate & none get passed?
This is a cheap shot by Merkley.
This would help....6.8 billion. Pay up #Mercer
What does the WP know about being American? Do U assume that the communist fish wrapper knows where PR is? Or can they define protectorate?

They’re not all stranded.
Get it together @washingtonpost. What is wrong with you that you would use such a headline and reinforce a general misperception that is resulting in loss of life? On the verge of canceling my subscription.
Hi furious. No excuse - it's a bad headline. Was corrected in the second edition of the paper and never ran online with that headline.
The mistake far outweighs any correction
Uhm... no.  They are not American citizens.
Uhm no. They are.
Uhm...  No.  They repeatedly reject statehood.
Since you clearly didn't click the link to read…here's a picture:
Why would I click your link?
to educate yourself? To be less ignorant?
I'm educated enough to know that your link is garbage.
would a .mil link work? Or is your ignorance too strong to overcome?
#USA should evacuate Puerto Ricans to Florida, Ohio, which are represented in the electoral college. Just sayin'.
#MAGA #ImpeachTrump
They don’t, why they doesn’t have paid taxes to contribute with us to the government? That’s fraud and outrageous stupid stuff
Actually, most everyone in Puerto Rico is American. Im sure there are others who are stranded tourists.
Headline is correct in POTUS mind.  not treating our fellow citizens like Americans.
Sen. Doofus, ur full of more crap than a Christmas turkey. U want more unskilled/uneducated people 2 become Americans and vote Dumbocratic.
Cool experiment: Ask someone from Puerto Rico what their nationality is.
Meh. Hawaiians are Americans but they usually say Hawaiian. Doesn't change much. Islands are weird like that.
I get that. But the super woke army of "BUT THEY ARE AMERICANS" is a little on the annoying side. We all get that they are part of the USA.
FAIR ENOUGH SIR NOW LETS KISS
No kissing. Too personal.
Thank you. It seems everyone has forgotten, including the President.
You mean, "... not just the President," not "... including the President."
I guess the sad act of being a grammar nazi is appropriate in this case, given the topic. Still, it's the low-hanging fruit of any conversation.
Mansplaining is bad enough but incorrect mansplaining is insufferable.
What do you mean? Who "mansplained" what to you? Are you femsplaining me?
Can't take away the Rican out of American
So I hope you'll do everything you can to make sure their president makes their well-being a priority. That's important.
Why is this being picked apart? The headline is correct.
Wouldn't know it to listen to the president
They need representation in the Senate and Congress.
That's odd.  The Compost works for the DNC.
Hearing about conditions, I'm pretty sure right now they ALL want out there
Nah they like Cubans. Ask Raul for help. 
Smackass
Someone should tell that to the president
Unlike the other Americans, the ones living in Puerto Rico have limited voting rights.

Democracy dies when shitty misleading headlines are used to prop up a shitty narrative. 
Perhaps the people of Puerto Rico would be better served if you explained this to @REALDONALDTRUMP!
I don’t see the problem. An American can be stranded in Utah. Hell, I could be one town away from where I live and be stranded.
Why didn't you cc @realDonaldTrump?
Thank you, Senator!!
Ooohhh, ouch! Scored one on him by golly!
Does @realDonaldTrump know this?
WTH? You might want to mention that to Trump and the statistical majority of GOP who don't know that, Senator,
they are called Ricans, does it mean half Ame/Ricans
@washingtonpost REPORTING PROVES TO BE NON-INCLUSIVE OF ALL AMERICANS.
Pathetic!
now tell your president
Interesting. The way I read the headline, "Why can't ANY OF US get out of (this HELLISH nightmare)? We're AMERICANS for God Sake!"
Then tell the jackass that is president your boss
The president apparently doesn't know this.
you're embarrassing us in Oregon Jeff
Don't think that is cheap points at all. We see stuff like this all the time. It has to be addressed. P Ricans don't even get a congressman.
Exactly and Thank you for reminding everyone
Pick your battles.
Legit point, especially when we have a POTUS behaving like he doesn't appreciate the gravity of the situation or know PR's history w USA.
Remind your POTUS of that, please, and stop trolling the Post.
I saw a reporter doing a story from the airport who said they same thing, “these are Americans trying to get home” & I thought they all are!
They're Americans Trump has no idea about shit. Even if they weren't Americans I would still B outraged @realDonaldTrump. Quit playing golf!
then why won’t DT put them first? They’re in mud, water without resources. He’s in sand trap near a golf car
Why don't YOU beg YOUR Prez to help said Americans?!?!?!?!?! DO THAT!!!!
So why aren't you helping them?
Maybe you should focus your attention on what @realDonaldTrump  and the govt can do to help

You may want to inform your CIC
And more to the point, they are human beings
Wow.
You should probably tell trump that.  Maybe then we can put some urgency in our emergency response.
SMH. hopefully ignorance isn't contagious...
So u gonna help then senator?
Hey Senator
Then help them.
@MYMIMISTHEBEST @washingtonpost Really WaPo? This is an awful headline. Suggest replacing it soon.
Wouldn’t know by the response of @POTUS
It's not the Post that needs to learn this-it's the illegal occupier of the Oval Office. He's dumber than dog 

kinda like that time I couldn't get off the moon with those other humans
Because Trump is too busy playing golf to help manage anything concerning PR. His only interests are Golf, and speaking to an adoring crowd.
An adoring crowd left. I would be shocked. Even Repub. Americans can feel some empathy for those abandoned in PR, by this loser President.
i am really shocked people don't know that Puerto Rico is a US Territory and they ARE Americans. I thought this was the age of the  internet
Trump has got to go even the GOP should see that now.
In Trump's America Puerto Ricans aren't "real" Americans. What's that? They can't vote? Screw em. They can wait til I finish golfing.
#puertoricoselevanta 
The miseducation of our nation
@washingtonpost WTAF???????
Ah, hiring those interns at half the salary. This is what happens when you layoff people left and right.
LOOOL wtf
All Puerto Rican's are American.
Trump does seem to think so....
Ugh, cmon @washingtonpost, you know better than that!
That's some blunder

@NyeemWartman @washingtonpost no they fucking arent
Tell that to trump
PROFOUND Jeff!!
How can we say they're all American when they have no voice in our government?
Looks like no room for an S after American duh
.@washingtonpost wow are y'all serious with this???
Oops...
When the left wakes up and realizes how stupid the left sounds..Exhibit A right here! + PS, EVERYONE in PR is NOT American. Tourism exists!
http://www.lib.utexas.edu/maps/americas/americas_pol96.jpg … anyone who lives here is American
And they vote.
#CarmenYulínCruz2020
Thanks senator!
Nominally, at least. After this emergency, however, I need that passport like you'd need a tumor
It seems @washingtonpost went to the school of #BetsyDeVos
Unbelievable. Their hatred for Trump and ilk has made them blind!
The federal government response makes many feel like it isn’t America; sad and unacceptable situation in PR.
Still cannot believe people didn't know.
Good call out @SenJeffMerkley
Whoever wrote that headline should be fired.
Can Congress do anything?
Cuz if U read it properly, its in Quotations, as if a single person was asked a question in turn would be a single American replying!
Yikes. And @washingtonpost all of them are stranded Americans

Aha, they are Americans,? I mean Caribe? Enyway this is not importend, humen is  humen!
They didn't know that? Apparently southerners are smarter than northerners. I've known since grade school. 
Appalling!!!!!
This!
Woah! Bad journalism @washingtonpost
wow, thanks.
on paper. his life is slaves.
cause of rules by the airlines and fed gov't
Si fuera en Isla de Pascua, medios hablarían de un 'continental', jamás de un 'chileno'. No ven a puertorriqueños como estadounidenses.
They meant white lady
Man id hate to be stuck in that country w all those poor people, really feel for all those americans
What in the ever loving F&*%?
False
This is basic History!!!!
#oops
But they aren't White so no urgency
Good lawd ..
Pendejos!
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley I am proud to have you represent #Oregon #PuertoRicansAreAmericans
Do some research on Trump's failed golf course in Puerto Rico and the bond debt left to its citizens. Very interesting!
??? ALREADY  USA DID GRABB PUERTO RICO???
yeah??? tell that to your dummazz president, see how far it gets you.

@politico_z @washingtonpost That's really embarrassing. 
Maybe only one was asking.
That is terrible
Seriously @washingtonpost? And we are asking Trump to be educated when your own editors aren't?

Yes,but Latinos have no value for Trumpski&he has no leadership skills!No assessment needed at a disaster,just organize the distribution!
Not to ypipo
That’s pretty general.  Not even everyone in the United States is American. Statistically this is just incorrect.
Jesus. What's wrong with the Post?????
Ships with supplies were pre-positioned to Puerto Rico before the storm hit and we're ready to go to help people in Puerto Rico thanks Trump
That is why president Trump sent the Marines down days ago to start work on infrastructure and since supplies down pre-positioned

it just get worst.
Your are right.  They are Americans... who didn't want to vote for statehood until they went bankrupt.
Wow...that is a horribly sad headline @wapo
#TrumpsKatrina #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
TRUMP THEY'RE AMERICANS 
He's directly responsible for the 
hundreds of deaths that'll occur
in PR if aid isn't provided!
BLOOD ON HIS HANDS
These are the people who take the temperature of the  voters feelz every day while ignoring the majority of Americans
No wonder twittler is indifferent to PR.
Maybe WaPo they thought they were on Hawaii? Lol
Caroline Yezer girl u betta 
This mentality  is a huge part of the reason it's taking such a grotesque amount of time to send aid to Puerto Rico!!!
You will never hear any Puerto Rican call themselves Americans.
They may be Americans, BUT, they don't have any Congressmen or any Senators. That's why D.C. doesn't GAF.
ACTUALLY....
There’s 3.5 million stranded american
It's a territory not a state.   They can't vote in U.S. elections.   It's a travesty.
I swear how dumb. This article perpetuates miss information and knowledge. Doesn't anybody at the Washington post proofread anything anymore
Actually, there may be other nationalities visiting. The important part, Senator, is the first part of the headline. What are you doing?
And they're all stranded.
What's the Washington post?
These headlines are part of the problem!!!
LOL!
How is this so hard to grasp @washingtonpost ?
Honestly, the grasp of basic geography ... I am stunned.
shush!
cc @fakedansavage
Stranded American? Dies @washingtonpost not know PR is America?
Just like every UK citizen is currently also an EU citizen. We anglos have our own problems grasping reality, don’t we?
This is incredibly shocking.
They're not American. They're just people like everybody else.
none of my puertorican friends is american and when they travel their "american" passport makes it clear they come from puerto rico

I'm urging anyone to help me go to #PeurtoRicoRelief to go lend my hands please I can't keep seeing #Americans die for this!!! 
This is kinda racist..
Trump is waiting on PR life to be reduced to where they cannibalize each other...that interests him.
