Not just stolen - they're tacitly accepting help from a hostile foreign government to get that seat.
harry Reid says "you're welcome". 
Thankyou for standing up for what's right, Merrick Garland should be on the court now.
Democrats would of needed around 20 republicans to flip to their side!
That's ok, at least Dems would have the courtesy to speak to him, rather than blindly follow McConnell.
I doubt it very seriously, as we can see dems are following schumer blindly.
Thank you, Senator Merkley
like a great oak stay rooted good sir and stand proud and tall in your defense of our constitution. #HoldTheFloor
You are a patriot, sir. Thank you for doing your part. #TheResistance #TrumpCorruption
Keep up the great work you are doing to represent OR and our best interests. =)
This is typical politics . The democrats under Biden and Reid started this and now President Trump has just beat you at your own game! MAGA
Stand tall, stand proud, be strong. You speak for Merrick Garland and all those silenced by the GOP. #holdthefloor #resist @SenJeffMerkley
Who?
Thank you Senator Merkley.
So how did all your resistance work out for you?  What goes around comes around.
Article I, Section 5, the Constitution expressly lets the Senate decide how to respond to presidential nominations.
A million thanks!! We really appreciate you, Senator Merkley!
Thanks for your work.
The issue comes down to whether the US is a nation with majority rule.
In 6 of last 7 Pres. elections,"conservative" party lost the vote.
And in the last eight years "Liberal" party lost 1,000 seats at State and Federal levels.

By majority vote.
Presidential vote is the electorate's most direct voice in the Supreme Court. GOP stole USSC majority from the majority of American voters.
Stealing requires breaking the rules.

Name the broken rules....
Failure to take up the Constitutional duty to address Presidential appointments to the Supreme Court. (U.S. Const., Art. 2, sec. 2, cl. 2.)
Senate has no duty to address.  Potus appoints judges by & with advice & consent of senate. Senate withholds consent, potus can't appoint.
That's an absurd interpretation that would only be made by a guilty minority trying to justify stealing USSC from the majority of Americans.
And they didnt "withhold consent" -- they withheld consideration -- of an appointee praised previously by Orrin Hatch. GOP KILLING AMERICA
@mitchellvii You & your Democratic caucus have no honor. Your despicable, childish antics are an embarassment to the Senate, SCOTUS & the US
Oh. And the goofy golfing Twitter guy who has not an original thought of his own is honorable? America has freedom. China Russia Egypt? No.
Goofy, golfing "corruption" guy? That's Barry, the goof that divided the country & with his pal HRC r encouraging resistance & more conflict
Hold the floor ! Resist!
Is he fake tanning?
Your protests will last less than a fart in the wind.......and has less value.
It's not about seat theft, it's about values and proper representation of the people seeking justice in our judicial system, focus
Not a stolen seat. It didn't "belong" to Garland any more than it "belongs" to me.
MORE BS & FAKE NEWS
Its all part of the song and dance. You will talk, the GOP will go nuke, & Gorsuch will be confirmed. Then u will use it when next in power
Did you complain when #TheReidOption was put in place? Be careful what you wish for.
Blah blah blah #confirmgorsuch #NuclearOption
#TheResistance #SVRAV
Poor Dems -- stolen elections, stolen seats, stolen intellect
Quit politicking and confirm Judge Gorsuch. He is a truly neutral arbiter of justice who upholds the law with integrity. Get over Garland
Oregon this is what represents you, SAD.
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley
Bravo!
Yes, please keep resisting,  it just makes it so much more enjoyable! 
Thank you so much. Tremendously grateful
Yeah robust resistance anything Trump. And when it isn't Trump, make it Trump to undermine democracy. Who fathered the nuclear option?
Thank you, Senator! #TrueAmericanPatriot
Thank YOU, Sen. Merkley for what YOU'RE doing to maintain fairness on the SCOTUS. DON'T GIVE UP!
I didn't think democrats could get this stupid. Knowing he is going to be confirmed anyway. What a way to lose votes
Fat lot of good it'll do you #Crybullies We'll have our Justice in the end. You can obstruct for the next 8 years. You'll never win again.
I lost respect for you @SenJeffMerkley when you thanked @maddow
Blah blah blah blah lying blah lying blah blah liar blah blah blah sucks blow blah blah blah liar blah blah liar blah blah stupid blah blah
We stole it by voting in an election. Win next time if you are able.
"To the Victor belongs the spoils"
This Pick Belonged, Rightfully, 2Barrack Obama & GOP Decided In Their Infinate Power Grab, 2DENY USA RESONABLE JUDGE
Go away
Blah,Blah, Blah....you sound like a 5 year old. Grow up and do your job. Move on.
Can't wait till your temper tantrum when Rs nominate Kennedy and Ginsburg replacements and u planted the flag on Scalia to Gorsuch.
by "robust" you mean pouting on @MSNBC?
It wasn't stolen, keep telling yourself that. And if you see Harry Reid thank him for the Nuclear Option...!!
How is it a stolen seat? Was someone sitting on there and someone snuck in and took it? No, eat dirt fool.
As Obama famously said, Elections have consequences...  It's time to release the nuclear option just like Obama did
The GOP refused to hold hearings on Garland, who is more qualified than Gorsich. Even then, Obama knew going nuclear on SCOTUS was too much.
Gorsuch will be confirmed
If HRC had won, & nominated her own candidate for #SCOTUS, would you claim the seat was stolen? No. #ElectionsHaveConsequences #Gorsuch

Your hysterics are tiresome.
YOU LIE! #Snowflake support won't feel so good come mid terms. #SCOTUS will redeem itself soon. #USConstitution
Idiots, all of you!  There is no up side to this. We all lose.
Loser!!!  Going Nuclear.
Stolen? You're using literary license there right? Nothing was stolen. All was perfectly legal. #NuclearOption Thanks Dingy Harry.
That makes NO sense. Republicans made a huge gamble by not taking Garland. And yes they would have confirmed HRCs nominee.
Grow up! Stop partisan politics
Don't worry- I've got this.
Garland would have just been another puppet!  It"s time to follow the laws instead of interpeting them based on libtard feelings!
The stompy-foot temper-tantrum continues. Acting like spoiled children is sure to be a winning strategy for 2018 & beyond...
Didn't you & Schumer tell W in '07 that you wouldn't vote on his nominees? Answer: yes. So blame your owned failed politics. We remember
GET OVER IT CRY BABY.  GO TO THE BATH ROOM AND CHANGE YOUR DIAPER.,KIND OF SMELLY IN THERE.
Sending a heartfelt thank you for your efforts. Sobering and humbling to see such commitment for "We The People". Blessings, sir.
Thank you sir!
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley 
If we can't consider a SCOTUS nominee in an election year, 
we sure can't confirm one in an impeachment year!
Tell me what democracy looks like! This is what democracy looks like.
Nuke on the waaaaaay! This isn't the one that's going to hurt. It's the next one when Ginsburg bites it. By then we'll have 60 Senators.
Stolen is hyperbole, it was PROCEDURAL & more importantly, CONSTITUTIONAL. Checks & Balances

If U don't know that, U shouldn't be a Senator
Bravo, my Senator! Fighting for our democracy. #NoGorsuch #FillibusterGorsuch
Thank you !!
Counting down to when the Nuke goes off and a great Judge takes a seat on the high court.
@peoples_defense @maddow move on, Jeff. Act like a grown up. Gorsuch is a stellar choice,got  % dem support in 2006
An empty suit speaking to an empty chamber about a vacant ideology. Don Quixote meets Don Corleone.
Like candy from a baby. A very naughty, nasty baby. A baby that was fortunate enough to be allowed to pass into life. Robustly resist that.
GET IT JEFF!
Thank you senator!


Golly, Jeff......why not turn around and actually read your prop? You may find that you are wrong....(again)
Elections have consequences. Would you still call this a 'stolen seat' if Clinton had won and made a nomination instead?
please find large blown up copies of his plagiarism to present on floor.
Your robust resistance is feeble and futile.

Psst what's that word that rhymes with "douche"? Oh don't worry, douche is fine #MAGA
You're fighting the great fight! Thank you for being good kind of wall... that stands between American citizens & extremist #SCOTUS #Resist
So garland actually had the SCOTUS seat and it was taken from him. In order for something to be stolen one must possess it or are facts hard
The Biden rule: SCOTUS not replaced during a election. It's your rule
Thank you, Senator. @SenJeffMerkley
Sending support from Boulder, CO! We need SCOTUS to remain free from the shadow of the illegitimacy. @SenBennetCO should join you.
You're amazing!! Thank you!
Proud to call you my Senator! @SenJeffMerkley Thank you for all that you do for Oregon as well as the nation.
#holdthefloor #ThankYou
#holdthefloor Our Senators in #Arizona have sold us out. We're counting on you! Thank you
Stolen? You mean like Franken stole election from Norm Coleman by finding ballots in a car trunk? Or Dino Rossi? Or Rick McIntyre, etc. etc.
Thank you, Senator Merkley! Fight hard--be strong!  I'm grateful that you represent me.
We're with you Senator Merkley. Thank you for fighting for us!
Thank you!
A hero..
If this is their reaction to Scalia's replacement I can't wait to see the reaction if RBG or Breyer dies.
Thank you Senator!
Thanks - glad you are our senator.
If only GOP leaders & mems acknowledge the act of all out political warfare by "filibustering" Hon Garland 9+ months! Senate compromise 2win
Thank you Sen Merkley! We support you! #TheResistance. 
We are lucky in Oregon to have elected representatives in Washington we can be proud of, like @SenJeffMerkley.
This is a stolen seat that demands as robust a resistance as we can possibly mount. TY @maddow for helping to spread the word. #HoldTheFloor 
Very jealous. @SenBennetCO can't see past the "local CO boy" politics to see that the gravity of this confirmation means IT SHOULD WAIT.
Proud of how you represent our state.
#fascist
Thank YOU senator. Tired of dems saying it's not about Garland. We need more like u who are willing to call this what it is. A STOLEN SEAT.
Dems would have done it for Garland without hesitation, but they didn't have 50 seats. Moralizing.
Glad you're #NotMySenator & Glad #IDontWatchMSNBC
#Gorsuch will be on the SCOTUS.
Biden Rule! Biden Rule! Biden Rule! Got it? Biden Rule!
Making Oregon proud
#trumpwon #getoverit 
You're right: That's Estrada's seat.
You always been softer than butter Senator?
Thank YOU, Sen Merkley.
That's why we went  #DemExit. You're all incompetent & cheaters. #Superdelegates #NuclearOption
Keep whining. Constitution. End scene.
you are insufferable senator.  Congratulations on killing off the filibuster on nominations.
Keep up the great work Senator. We're counting on you.
 you go senator jeff. Whine cry complain and rely on the woman who disclosed Trumps 2005 tax returns to the WORLD. Can you get Rosie too?
Thank you for doing this! Keep fighting for the people and our country! #holdthefloor #StopGorsuch
Sore losers
Thank you Merkley for standing up  @tyleroakley @chelseahandler Please pass along and #resist #holdthefloor
So you're saying Obama was so incompetent that he let some foreign power come in and decide our election for us? Is that what you're saying?
And Hillary was so horrible she couldn't win with the entire deck stacked against trump!
Dems love to play hardball politics, but whine like beotches when the same tactics are used against them.
Sore loser much?
Yep, and we are resisting you > @SenJeffMerkley @maddow spiteful little children. All of you.
It's not stolen. It doesn't belong to anyone.
oh so this is tit for tat partisan bull?? Pull your big boy pants up and quit OBSTRUCTING!
Maybe a lifelong confirmation to the highest court in the land could wait until we investigate whether or not the pres committed treason.
he didn't. But I know that those living in a fantasy world like to think so even with no proof. 
Gunna smear Vaseline on myself and crawl around on the floor like a slug when Gorsuch gets confirmed
Don't like the Biden rule, huh?
Hey I got something you can hold! Bout to cram liberty down your throat!
So when Biden said https://tinyurl.com/zml2qff  he was wrong? Dems would have used the Nuke option 2 get Garland https://tinyurl.com/lzlzjpl  #sitdown
Therefore no where in the constitution does it say that Garland was guaranteed a hearing!
You must be a wealthy privileged person or someone who reads very little or only reads from 1 or 2 sources or watches @foxandfriends
Yes I'm watching my minions count my gold as I type this!
Garland may be a fine person but he has no legal right to be automatically given anything, including a vote for SCOTUS. #Bidenrule
Do you think honestly if Hillary she would of picked garland?  He would of gone along with whatever pick she gave them, and no one would
ever get the feeling some people never really left high school?....
Apparently the preferred means of "resistance" for GOP would have been to filibuster Garland's nomination instead of never holding a vote.
Let's just go NUCLEAR!!
You can hold the damn floor for 20 days I really don't give a shit.  We won the #WH, #Senatre #House and #SupremeCourt I agree GO #NUCLEAR
Good, so you'll be tired when u get nuked. 

Thanks Harry Reid.
You're like a 5 year old.
Had Hillary won this guy would of gone along with whatever pick she made!  If Hillary was elected merrick garland would of been a memory!
D-bag.
Something has to have belonged to someone before it can be stolen. Merrick Garland never owned this seat. Grow up.
I can't wait to see Judge Gorsuch on the bench
I wonder how many judicial vacancies Trump will be able to fill now
Stolen seat?  How old are you?
Roe v. Wade .... He would undo!! He also makes rulings in favor of the rich.
Wasting time and money. Gorsuch will be nominated.
Yes they do. And so does #treason
This is so stupid 
When this little ploy fails, as it will, you can add it to the long and growing list of DNC failures. Losing must get old at some point.
Instead of the RNC triumph that they have been waiting and planning for 7 years? Oh wait, they failed miserably at that!
I couldn't care less about the RNC. Trump only ran on their ticket because he understood the challenge ahead.
Please go to nuclear option.  Then when Trump gets to nominate two more Supreme Court justices (a real possiblity), easy peasy. Blame Dems.
lol did you glue your twitter handle to the constitution
Thanks for ensuring that the next 7 Justices will all be Scalia's.. Now back to your other problem. Lying for 5 months about the Russians.
This would be the Robert Bork seat, correct?
No Scalia!  Kennedy is in Borks seat
Thank you. The Democrats have been obstructionists for so long, they all start to run together.
it's been a very long time,  can't blame them this is their last chance for 3 decades to swing Court
Thanks for exposing your hatred @SenJeffMerkley 

Or are you just a pawn of the left?
This is a stolen seat that demands as robust a resistance as we can possibly mount. TY @maddow for helping to spread the word. #HoldTheFloor 
