I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came..
Trump is never going to "Grow Up" He has never been Presidential and never will be. Our Democracy is now BROKEN because of him.
*Please resign!  Corrected that for you!
8 am and he is busy watching talk shows!  We need a working Prrsident!
You are dillusional. Get off the covfefe!!!
And why don't you tell your MSNBC heroes to quit their attacks.  Two years, Jeff.  5 days a week.  Lies and insults daily.
Lies and insults daily?   Sounds like our so called President
Your Prez is over 70. Looks like he lacks the capacity to 'grow up'. You're stuck with a problem child!
he aint a problem child. if he was president of ghana things would  be so different by now, in a very good waay .
Has he changed America yet, in spite of all the resources available to him compared to what's available to the new Ghanaian President?
hes doing well. fake news tells u otherwise. Our president has changed nothing . its like mahama is still president but with a lot of dumsor
I think you've been watching fox and friends and listening to radio gold too much. Not worth arguing anymore live in your world.

At what point will members of the House and Senate accept that this man is unsuited to the American presidency and remove him? Not well.
Love that the President stands up for all the bad month he gets from these two "news reporters".  I've heard them disrespect our President.
'Please grow up' won't cut it. The man is 71 years old!
Dear future grandchildren,

This is a picture of the day America died. 
Fake president
oh be quiet!
He's 70 yrs old. He'll grow cold before he grows up.
Freedom of speech only applies to liberals now.
I hate to remind you, but Trump is 70yrs old.  Grow up?  America is doomed.
Jeff-you've become a Lib's Lib! Praying some day the Oregon I was born & raised in RETURNS to McCall/Hatfield conservatism!You embarrass me!
To ever call Trump "presidential" is giving the word a meaning it was not intended to get.
Let me know how that works out.
we have to get this piece of garbage out of the White House!!!
MSM spreads lies and hate, bullies our President, but heaven forbid he stand up to their crap and push back. You are part of the problem!
Stop sitting around and do something. The man is #unfit for office. #ImpeachTrump
Awwwww - a Democrat that can't resist urge to jump into the fray.  Where is your rebuke of Mika's disgusting and false comments about Trump?
Give it a test Merkley,  your party lost! "
Thank you!
Why can't you find a way 2 lock up Trump like El Chapo? Trump is much worse criminal than Noriega, Escobar, others.
Agree! We've had to lower the bar for presidential behavior too far. This bullying & insulting MUST stop! No one can be a bystander to this.
Where were you when Slick Willy was getting BJ's and doing cigar tricks from an intern 7 years older than his daughter in the Oval Office???
70 year olds don't change.
Real Numbers are huge Vincent and I agree Again
When the guy in the Office is a spoiled..cowardly..name calling.. Lieing..Rich kid ..Prima donie it's ok with the GOP!
Grow up or PLEASE, PLEASE GET OUT.
Yet most of the Grand Old Party leadership barely object.  Backing him will take them all down.
Republicans love this stuff.
I thought his worst tweets were about Mayor Khan after London terrorists attacks. I felt he totally embarrassed America.
Media and lefties like you attack Trump all day long. More power to him
Time is long past for the 25th amendment to be acted upon. #removetrump before it gets worse. #ImpeachTrumpNOW
never gonna happen. 25th Amendment. He's is unhinged and a danger. Grow a pair all of you.
This is a completely unhinged man. His supporters are right there with him if they think this is acceptable.
You know he's not going to #Impeach45
He's teaching hatred. Name calling anyone who doesn't agree with him is boorish and immature. Not even a tiny bit presidential.
Sadly this poor excuse for a Prez is as grown up as ever going to be.
You've got that right, Senator!  Thank you for speaking up!
MSM should stop attacking @realDonaldTrump daily. #MAGA
What are we paying him to do? How much secret service do we pay for?
Bravo, Senator!
Emotionally, you present as a child
Every person who finds this offensive should report his tweets #BanTrump
Done
Would you have told fellow Democrat, Truman to "please grow up?"
https://www.trumanlibrary.org/trivia/letter.htm …
My Senators are the best things about living in Oregon. Love you and @RonWyden . The coffee is good, too.
Because he doesn't know how to be President. He never had to grow up! He lies, steals, cheats for 70 years! Sickening old man!
Not just a moral compass issue here. @POTUS mental health, impulsivity and paranoia, is serious concern. Speak to that please!
I'd attack too if nobodies kept smearing me. @SenJeffMerkley does very thing he is criticizing @POTUS for in this tweet. Try uniting Jeff 
I think it's refreshing.
What's this thing Trump has with women and blood? He's such a sicko!
I agree with your sentiment but I fear telling Trump to "grow up" is like telling my cat to "stop licking your a-hole." Not going to happen.
A madman holds the highest position of power in the country. Something needs to be done!
"Grow up"?? Those words were not childish, it was hateful misogyny. Your empty sanctimony on Twitter does nothing- what ACTION will you take
Ah, but I don't hear you telling these two media clowns to grown up every morning as they spend hours degrading our President.
Please do something. The Time is Now.  Speak up tho your R colleagues and demand better from administration and most importantly the Prez
don't even bother saying "please" anymore.  It needs to be DEMANDED of him!
Your buddies in the media cant take the heat
He is a #swamptoddler
He won't. He can't. @POTUS  is demented and getting worse. He slipped by his keepers & got to Twitter before they could meet to stop him.
@realDonaldTrump @Morning_Joe Your attack is improper as well then.
It is way beyond unacceptable! When will Congress DO something about him besides talk?
Telling him to "grow up" will do nothing. He's a 70 yr old damn man. Action is needed. Be ready to take it in 2018 b/c the GOP isnt going to
HeyJeff what have you done for your state it's becoming a joke libtard state. Embarrassing you are
You realize he is mentally ill and unable to control himself?  God help us if he gets pissed off & starts a nuclear war.
It's not being young that makes one vicious. It's a choice.
You should grow up and look at the whole picture abd the relentless demagogic attacks by @Morning_Joe morningand his GFE. Get to work btw.
Disgraceful!!! Embarrassing!!!
What? Your smile?
.@realDonaldTrump #Trump is debasing the US. He is not smart enough to be a statesman, and he is a crude and crass bully.
Go get them Mr. President.  I, for one, have your back.  God bless you.
Absolutely incredible. I'm shocked that he has sunk so low. A sad time for our country.
Why aren't senators adding @realDonaldTrump to their responses.
Was in U.K. For 3 weeks. I apologized & said more than 1/2 USA is embarrassed. Lady from Canada said she was embarrassed for North America!
A white, priveledged man in his 70's is not going to change. He's the same ignorant, misogynistic jerk that he was on the campaign trail!
Sen. Merkley, we Oregonians are bursting with pride at what a strong voice you are during this unbearable national crisis . Thank you.
Dont needlessly duck up to someone who cant get anything done
-as if standing up with leaders we're in sync with is a bad thing? America needs more Sen. Merkleys, and never again a monstrosity like 45.
He is a terrible person and people continue to enable him with his horrifying behavior.  Enough.
Give Dirty Don enough rope he'll hang himself.
He's 71 years old. Too late to grow up. He needs mental help now.
@realDonaldTrump needs psychological help.
It's also sexist.
He's 71. What do u expect?
We don't allow this kind of name calling in our classrooms or at our dinner tables, but we are being forced to accept it from our president.
Russia Russia Russia. #DNCFraudLawsuit Jeff. #Demexit summer continues
Smacks of desperation. Pathetic
I think US Senate & House HAVE TO demand a formal apology from @POTUS this is unacceptable!
he's 71 he's grown this is him
He's 71- it's too late to grow up. He needs to grow away.
It’s not a question of growing. He needs medical care for his mental illness.
If Nero also had no clothes
He needs to be OUT OF THE WH. Period.
Another distraction from the fact GOP can't pass healthcare bill.  Don't fall for it.  #KeepResisting #NoTrumpCare
It may be a distraction, but it is wholly unacceptable as even that.
It's as presidential as his taking health care from the neediest to give himself and his cronies tax cuts.  Man is not Presidential.
no doubt @POTUS 45 is vulgar and incompetent. But this is a distraction. He's otherwise destroying the country.
Dude, he's 71 years old. I don't think that's going to happen. My 2 year old son has more decorum than POTUS.
Grow up,don't grow up. I no longer care, statute of limitations has long since run out on this embarrassing bullshit. Make it go away. SAD!
He must be removed. He is insane. Functioning adults do not think this way. We are a leaderless country. Please help
Congress, please grow up and remove trump from office by whatever means possible.
Another Senator lecturing the President without @ ing him. If you’re going to kick his ass, DO IT! @POTUS is a nut job with 0 social skills.
President Mean Girl???  @JoeNBC
Jeff, you snowflakes can put down the President, but when he punches back at you flakes, you start crying 
If, at age 70, he is still acting like a 5 year old, then I'm afraid asking him to grow up is a lost cause. #EmbarrassedAmerican
You're asking a man with clearly degrading mental faculties to "grow up." Would you ask an Alzheimer's patient to "just try to remember"?
If he had the nuclear launch codes....yes. But I understand not to expect the right answer.
This behavior would be unacceptable from a 3 year old, imo.
I agree. He should stick to all the political wins and stop personal attacks
What is wrong with this guy?  OMG seriously horrified by his behavior
Amen
He's childish. He won't knock it off. He's not right in the head.
He can't.
