Durbin objecting to McConnell's UC request to allow committee hearings!
the executive firing someone who works for the executive branch isn't a constitutional crisis, you oaf.
The executive firing *someone who is actively investigating executive branch crimes* is.
No, it still isn’t.
You may not want it to be, but sometimes what *is* and what we *want* are two different things.
A possible political scandal is not always a constitutional crisis. Sorry.
A president interfering in the investigation of his administration's possible compromise by a foreign government is.
Which part of the constitution
Surprise! @cordenthusiast doesn't know concept about which he's been expounding. Try google.

Constitutional crisis has an actual meaning.
Agree, Shut it down
Dems need to grow some big balls and stand up for the people. Enough with all the posturing. We need ACTION
As one of your constituents, THANK YOU. We need to stop *everything* in govt until we get an independent prosecutor. #doyourjobdems
U might try reading the Constitution some day, puppet! You may learn something about Ur handlers.
Support you 100%! No new business until the constitutional crisis is fixed. March out of the building and hold press conferences everywhere.
Keep it up, puppet. Your days are numbered.
I sure hope they can find it in their brain to protect our constitution and not play party politics.
This is fake outrage. Dems only seem 2 care about any issues that doesn't require them 2 push a policy lately. Medicare/$15/green energy
William Sessions committed embezzlement, and was not investigating Clinton at the time of his firing.
This is exactly what we need! Dems must resist.
Really?  You're the problem puppet!
Everything should come to a stand still until an independent prosecutor is appointed.
Only if our elected officials, Sens & Reps cant  multi-task. Considering the numbet of "lifers" in DC Multi-task is prob unk concept to many
It's time for a bipartisan, cohesive attack on this administration. The blatant disregard for the truth has to stop.
Thank you. We need to end consent to the destruction of our democracy.
Good news! McConnell should not be allowed to singlehandedly impede what might end up being the biggest national fraud since Watergate.
@ddayen This is a constitutional crisis & until GOP agrees to special prosecutor, NO business as usual.
PERFECT opp to stop biz as usual a week ago (gov shutdown); @POTUS didn't do it. If he had, "GIANT CRISIS" . #chickenlittle #crisisdujour
Stay united Dems. The bloody Neanderthals have to be beaten back! Dems want the truth to the hacking operation. The vote has to be protected
This government is in crisis, has been since rapist Bill got into office! Trump may not be sterling fellow, but at least he is trying. YOU?
@SenBillNelson you better support this
Thank you Senator Merkley for all you do! Proud to say I voted for you! Thank you 
Senators, we need your leadership. The people are behind you. It's time to stop messing around. We are on the brink of ruin.
There is no more "business as usual". Thanks for your continued diligence.
I love my Oregon senators! (And you too, Sen. Durbin!) Go Beavs!
Thank you for your continued opposition to this administration and it's corruption.  Your constituents appreciate it.
Find any arcane parliamentary rule to halt this administration until an independent special prosecutor is appointed
Bravo!  Senate Dems must play hardball and stay focused on the extreme threat facing our nation. #potus45 #trumpgate #trumpRUSSIA
Absolutely. No business as usual while investigations are underway and threatened. Thank you.
Too weak! FILIBUSTER UNTIL TRUSTED SPECIAL PROSECUTOR IS IN. YOU AND @RONWYDEN CANNOT OUTSMART @POTUS WHO OPERATES ON 4TH GRADE LEVEL. WEAK!
No grants of unanimous consent (UC) until appointment of a special prosecutor. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
This is mandatory on the part of all Senate Dems! It's obvious Rs will support all of Trump's unconstitutional, anti-democractic actions.
@senategop @SenateDems we have a spending bill. Nothing happens without an independent special prosecutor. Shut it down.
Trump needs to be impeached. He has mtg with Russians and Russian press leaves out our press? Need 2 get more serious
Thank you sir! I look forward to going to your townhall the next time you're in Portland!
YES, thank you! Constitutional crisis trumps everything
Yay -- that's my senator!! @IndivisibleIL14 @ILAction14th #NotMyPresident
Stand strong, Senators!
This. Keep doing this. We can't stop them. You have to.
TY Senator Durbin. Shut it down till deputy AG appoints independent special prosecutor. Everyone needs to call the deputy AG and demand this
Yes, thank you! Just left a message at your office asking for this exact kind of thing.
Thank you to one of my outstanding Senators from Illinois .@SenatorDurbin ! Things must not go on as usual. This is anything but usual!
Thank You Sen Durbin
This is necessary to stop the madness of normalizing this damaged, compromised administration. Thank you for defending America!
Thank you, Senators Merkley and Durbin!!  #TrumpRussia
Keep going.
@ddayen You need to cut whatever deal you have to cut to get McCain, Collins and Murkowski to caucus with Ds.
I have always appreciated and respected @SenatorDurbin Today more than ever I'm grateful that he's my Senator.
Mitch McConnell is my senator. I hate him as much as I hate Trump. He's evil to the core.
You have my sympathy. That must be really rough. 
More action! This is your job!
Please fight for us!  Olympus is falling.  Don't stand by while America burns to the ground. Please!
The people are behind you. This is about the future of our country! Not normal times, can't pretend it is!
That's my senator!
The master of hyperbole strikes again. There is no "constitutional crisis".
Never forget you have the majority of the people behind you. We want the truth.
Senate MUST grind to a complete halt until the constitutional crisis is resolved. PERIOD. #Trumprussia
The Constitutional Crisis includes the American People's horror and fear in lack of independent branches of government and the rule of law.
Trump has given Congress the means to achieve a shutdown.
Yes! Every Democrat wants the party to stand up for the Constitution. Duty. Honor. Country. Protect the Constitution. Defend the Republic.
Yes.  Please don't roll over.  This is too big an outrage to gloss over or normalize.
Yes! Thank you!
What are you doing to help? Get with some of the Republicans making good noises on Twitter and insist on real action!
Thank you.
How can we help you as Oregonians Senator?
Thank you
Thank you!!!
At least we don't have to worry about the constitutional crisis that @HillaryClinton created getting in the way of business-as-usual.
@ddayen We need you to fight. To save our democracy. We support you.
This is indeed a Constitutional crisis. Administration being investigated for potentially illegal ties to Russia and Pres fires FBI director
agreed!
@ddayen if Trump has nothing to hide then the investigation will clear his name.
@ddayen  Congress needs to start and independent investigation NOW. Those not supportive are traitors.
Proud to have Senator Merkley represent me and the state of Oregon.
Yes!  Grind the normal working order of Congress to a standstill.  Prevent *anything* from getting done.  Do everything you can.
Yes please, NOTHING should move now
Yes! Congress must be brought to a halt until an independent investigation of Russia/Trump is created. We have your back in this fight!
Ditto
Yes! Protect the rule of law above all else. Give McConnell a tax cut deal in exchange for bipartisan commission on Russia collusion.
Bang the drums loudly, Senator. We are indeed in crisis if only because people are so concerned.
Constitutional crisis? 
Yes. Putin is getting last laugh as we are tearing ourselves apart
We need Congress to act.
YES!  We are in constitutional crisis.  We need to move swiftly to regain control of our once great country
Stay resolute and focused on this, Senator.  There is no greater threat to our freedom and democracy than the GOP collusion with Russia.
This moderate Republican from OR agrees. #checksandbalances #DefendConstitution
Thank you! We will support @SenateDems unconditionally if they make and maintain this stance. This is a national emergency.
Yes. #Russiagate Putin is getting last laugh as we are tearing ourselves apart thinks this moderate Republican #SpecialProsecutor
