This senator ripped Republicans for trying to rush their health care bill without a hearing 
Are they really going to get away with this? Is there no way to stop them? 13 Repubs hold t fate of 24 million ppl's lives in thier hands 
This is what is has come to
It's Time to Step up and Use the Constitution and Remove all these Traitors
The fate of the Union depends on it
Yes, unless America wakes up, goes to the polls & overwhelmingly votes for Democrats in 2018 and every election this is what it looks like.
I believe pres.trump is trying to clean up the mess the dumbocraps left behind.
What mess?
It's a bot: 1 follower, only flames, poor grammar, and lousy spelling. The Trolls are back in town.
Illegal at least?! Even FOX say only 17% support so why are they doing this? It must be worse then last time it was rated @SenRandPauI evil
How did Obama get the ACA passed?
Mistakes: but didn't have to cheat to pass it! More importantly he had specialists consulting done for citizens not for tax cuts for rich.
That's the kettle calling the pot black, are you blind with hate?  Nancy Peolsi told the world they passed the ACA without even reading it
Don't even bother to kiss us first...
Gee like Obama did ACA??
Time for old white men to go! We need new young intelligent blood in both House and Senate. Keep fighting Sen. Merkley .We need your voice!
Boy Im taking some shade for that one!  Lol
GOP feel untouchable. They'll continue to thumb their nose at Americans, until they feel some pain at  ballot boxes!
The only pain they will feel is in their wallets. Unfortunately I don't think ballot boxes are going to be dependable anymore.
Goals for Dems should start winning back state local elections, reverse some of the Gerrymandering laws. Then win back congress!
Would be a great goal if dems weren't dropping out if elections bc threats & if election integrity were present.
We can't afford to have candidates drop out. Obama and HRC faced lots of threats , they didn't back down. Dems need strong leaders!
Agreed, disagree w/implication if someone drops bc threats they're not a strong leader. Everyone makes their own choices. No vic blaming.
I agree. Just thinking , it's a bad precedent , if we show them that we can be intimidated, and we'll quit. It's like paying a ransom.
Yes, exactly.
Please do whatever you can to stop this death sentence for millions of Americans.
But when the democrats did it I'm sure he was all for it.
WOW  The flip flop of Dems is astounding. Obama care Dems said vote for it, then read it w/little to no debate. Now it's read then vote.
Am going to like this response, even though I also liked it 3 days ago. Where were you then?
Wow, I'm truly amazed that citizens are ok with this being done. We all need to share this video!
Hahahaha the pot is calling the kettle black lol! "We have to pass the bill so you can find out what is in it..."  smh...
There are over 160 REPUBLICAN amendments in the Obamacare law... you twit.
Knock off the ad hominem attacks. Point to one and name facts and I will listen.
The most famous Obamacare amendment was added by Chuck Grassley back in 2009, remember? I figure anyone who "cares" would already know that.
“My goal … was that we need to go into the exchange so that we would have to go through the same red tape as every other citizen." Grassley
buckle up, it's gonna get rough: Coming soon – “Trumpcare 3.0: Return of the Sociopaths”
Interestingly, I found myself quite ticked off about this until I thought, oh yeah, McConnell's sealing his fate. Go Mitch...'cause yr gone.
Please run for president if Bernie doesn't. #MerkleyGabbard2020
Thank you for fighting for us Senator Merkley! Please demand hearings. GOP knows this bill won't survive public scrutiny. Cowards all!
Kinda like that bill called ACA . . .
Not only disgraceful but also political suicide- ramming a bill supported by only 17% of country in secret w/no input- GOP who support= 2018
Hard to believe they're going to throw their careers away over Mitch McConnell which he knows he's leaving and Paul Ryan knows he's gone
Keep up the good work. I'm so glad that you are my Senator! I am very proud of your tireless work for our state.
I believe you have it wrong Clinton's people were in bed with the russians
Joe, this is one time I am 100% with you.  NO legislation should EVER be voted UP or DOWN that isn't developed in front of the PEOPLE.
Isn't this the exact thing the Dems did with Obama Care?
Not to mention "You have to pass the bill, then we'll read the bill" .....
While I agree, that's also what the Democrats did with ObamaCare.  Both sides have been disgraceful.
The Democrats started this whole "our way or the highway" crap and now both sides are doing it.   Both sides should be ashamed.
But considering that Democrats started it, they don't have any room to throw stones.  They're just whining now that the tables turned.
Senator, I respectfully object to your use of the word "virtually".
Unfortunately thanks to GOP, our democracy and system of government as we once knew it is no more.
"You have to pass it to know what's in it" Nancy pelosi on Obamacare
@fangpusskins @SenateGOP @nowthisnews this is how the GOP operate, they have an agenda to meet at all costs!
Vote. Them. Out.
Wow...we need many more like her!!
They figure they have to get this done while there buddies are still in the white house to sign off on it.
Oh like obamacare
Just what the dem's have been doing the past 8 years.. payback is hell huh lol
Typical Republican behavior! They will lie, steal, cheat, obstruct, bully...abuse power to achieve their goals and call it legal & proper!
Yeah, taking their cues from 2008 when the same was attempted.  They'll probably be just as successful...
Debate for what? So the Dem's can OBSTRUCT more then they already have ? None of you want to do anything else but stop Trumps agenda.
@SenatorCantwell @PattyMurray you must stand up for the ACA. #sayNotoAHCA
They are going to be toast when it goes through and people see it .
How is this the democratic process?  This cannot stand.
Let's all take Republican's names who support Russian loving Prez vote all of them out forever
If DEM would work instead of saying no or refuse anything maybe USA get better. It's only going to get worse,nonsense will cont. Both Re/Dem
@Honey17011 @SenateGOP Time to unleash, Senator. No more nice playing nice. Fight like lives depend on it cuz they do!
You mean like was done with the #ACA ?
they know based on Intel briefings team trump is going down so cramming bills thru so no veto no delay
We have already had plenty of evidence that the @SenateGOP are morally corrupt & don't actually care about #American people #notchristian
They're controlled by the 1%. They are taking over the country, everybody has their price.
Thank you for standing up for the people Sen. Merkley.  Those who subvert our democracy will pay for their subversive actions.
Virtually no debate?  How about no debate,  no female input, no democratic input.  Sad.
What did you expect from low life's like this Repub congress? McConnell is the lowest of the low.
But Jeff, "We have to pass it to see what is in it." How short your memory. #TermLimits
#Ditto he is willfully being ignorant.  All he needs to do is review how the Senate passed obamacare under #Reconciliation  #MAGA
Its a shame dem obozo wrote a bill that impacted 5/6 of us economy & rammed it through in nite what was it called obama care or paris accord
Interestingly...what GOP accused Dems of doing when ACA was voted in to law...how ironic.  Although Dems had public hearings unlike GOP.
O you mean like Obama did?  Hypocrisy is deep in this pool
U mean like pelosi did with retarded obama care pass it to read it.  Fact is Pres. TRUMP has done more 7 months than you anyone in 8 yrs.
You mean kind of like the democrats did with the ACA
There are over 160 REPUBLICAN amendments in the Obamacare law... you twit.
Isn't this what the dems did just a few yrs ago & now dems are outraged the gop is doing the same thing? #DrainTheSwamp
There are over 160 REPUBLICAN amendments in the Obamacare law... you twit.
So the dems have no responsibility in the take over of healthcare, because the gop added amend? We need to discuss not call people names.
None of your questions make any sense... professor.
you mean like the millions impacted negatively when Obamacare was first ushered in despite those who pay taxes objected?
Yes it is, just like everything else #ImpeachTrumpPence are trying to do #CorruptAdministration
She's awesome.
You mean like Obamacare was done. Pass it to know what is in it. #hypocritemuch
There are over 160 REPUBLICAN amendments in the Obamacare law... you twit.
You mean kind of like how Obamacare was done. You liberace's are all the same, do as i say not as i do. You lost, step your asses aside.
Remember when you libs said you would have to pass Obamacare  to find out what was in it?  #disgracefulhypocrites
No...

Because that didn't happen

Man, you suckers will believe anything 

#Sad
If ACA is repealed and someone dies as the result, can lawmakers be held accountable for that death because they basically took away help?
But not at all surprising. Dems need to ask why the @SenateGOP hate the poor so much. Why are they trying to ensure no one gets ahead?
This is not the vision of our founding fathers. These senators should be ashamed of themselves. Procedure, gentlemen.
Hmmm who said "we need to pass it to know what was in it". @Alyssa_Milano do you have selective amnesia?
She won't let #Facts get in the way of her "good" lie.
Totally agree! They don't dare make it public because they know it's a loser, & the only way they can do it is to do it behind our backs! 
they probably are realizing Trump will soon be impeached and are trying to get it done before all hell breaks loose
You have to pass it to find out what's in it.
They seem incapable of revolting themselves.
It's criminal
And how are we shocked?
You mean like Obamacare that fines people for not buying insurance that doesn't cover them? Oh wait, that was the democrats. Never mind.
Greed+disregard for all Americans. GOP are mere puppets of the 1% who have bought them.This is not Democracy+we MUST stop it. #Resistance
Where were you when we had to pass the bill to see what was in it?
Hypocrite! Remember Obamacare?
Keep fighting Senator! DO NOT let them ram that bill down all of our throats!
Go, @clairecmc! Get 'em, girl!
Sort of like House Democrats in Oregon...screwing up healthcare and taxing it into an unreasonable price for full freight paying citizens.
.@clairecmc Thank you, Ma'am. This mod. R from OR agrees with you. Changes in ACA likely to hurt me & my family. #CountryOverParty
Without discussion, debate and a chance for constituents to comment, GOP isn't doing their jobs.
The GOP can't claim to believe in American Democracy & the Constitution when they have no debate on the floor & allow only Repub amendments.
The devisiveness is sad...we need coopwration from all sides for Americas sake!  I cant watch this place fall apart#heartbreaking
And they dared tell Americans Dems shoved ACA, when process took over 9 months and many public hearings!  GOP SHAMEFUL!
How else would they do it?
You mean like Pelosi and Reid?
Not that the Democrats ramed Obamacare through the congress without one Republican vote.
It's shameful that Dems never pushed for single payer while they had actual power. Take some responsibility for once.
Thank you Senator. Don't know what has become of the GOP but they are not about country at all. Keep up the good fight  Sen. Merkley!
@nowthisnews Throw it all out !!! Give me back my "private affordable healthcare"
It is evident that the @HouseGOP & senate are teamed up with WH to destroy America and our people, and they're blatant in their attack!
Great job, Senator McCaskill! 
Yeah!  Democrats would never do such a thing...
Why not go on offensive?  Coordinate with healthcare groups and make ads that run in the cities and states of some vulnerable senators!
Stay alert! Shameful to use comey testimony as distraction to get through dangerous healthcare bill that hurts vulnerable. #Healthcare4All
It is more than disgraceful; it is morally and ethically corrupt. It is taking advantage beyond what is reasonable; GOP in total disgrace.
Oh, are they telling lies like President Obama that if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor.....  #MAGA
#GOPPAIDOFF #GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR #GOPHATESUS #WANNABDICKTRAITOR #COMPROMISEDPRESIDENCY #IMPEACH #HYPROCRASY #AbuseofPower
THANK YOU for calling attention to this, Senator... but what can be done about it?
So what are you and other Senators going to do? We need radical action out of the Senate right now to stop this bill.
#ShadyCowards will see their Karma
You're disgraceful
Like passing Obamacare without reading it?? Hypocrites!!
Gotta do it in the dark so no one can interfere, it's that bad.
I don't know how you can stand to work with your GOP colleagues, Jeff.  Just really evil people.
Older than Trump and still alive
Dem hypocrisy at its finest
And GOP hypocrisy. They yelled at Dems for not reading, not giving opposition time & for ramming it through. GOP doing SAME THING -in spades
without even holding hearings?? WTF is wrong with you?? @SenateMajLdr
Instant replay called ACA
Thank you  @SenJeffMerkley and Sen McCaskill for speaking out in defense of constituents.
Thank YOU Senator. The GOP is a Stain and a Cancer on this Country. There WILL be  Cure for GOPCancer in 2018.
@nowthisnews citizens demand #SinglePayer coverage for all & you are passing a tax cut? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-payer_healthcare …
Please please don't let this come to a vote before the July recess. Filibuster every time you're on the floor. Urge all dems to do the same!
@nowthisnews stand up senators & demand universal healthcare now! Your lack of action and greed are a disgrace!
Indeed. Private sector jobs ACA created.
Thank you Senator Merkley for standing in opposition to the AHCA.
Is this intended to point out the absurdity of what we witnessed in 2009, when D's did that very thing? Or that govt serves elite interests?
I guess passing a healthcare bill that wasn't even read was good Gov.
@nowthisnews Really Senator. Isn't that what the democrats did in the first place.
How does it feel , that's exactly what the Democrats did when they were controlled by "The Obama Destroy America Regime"
@SenateDems @SenateGOP thank you Senator you just expressed what many of us our feeling! Never again GOP- vote them out!
Grammar sorry - ARE feeling
@senator Claire Mc Caskel
MUST LISTEN
Yes they are!Thank god.I can't wait for the day when all the snowflakes melt away!
Maybe if you were offering to help instead playing @TheDemocrats operative you would have a voice. represent Oregon not @TheDemocrats.
This is how McConnell rolls.  He is an evil person and I hope that he encounters some malady that hurts him like he is hurting US citizens
Rammed through? U mean the year long process where GOP was allowed 2 make alterations to the bill (eliminated single payer). Read UR history
The real disgrace is someone like you is a senator...
yet 100% in character
It makes me fearful and sad to know this! Why are our legislators trying to be so sneaky? Please let everyone read and debate it first!
Sounds like Obamacare
Nope,  Obamacare was open for discussion.   Took over a year to be put in place.  Better look back and read the history!
We have to vote for it to see what's in it. Hmmmm
