Thank you!
Ending DACA would be such a betrayal. This cannot happen.
Congress needs to step up and pass some sort of dream act.  Currently it is an illegal law that came from the previous president
Sure you will. While stomping on millions of legal immigrants who came here the right way. Don't US citizens mean anything to you
How does defending DACA result in millions legal immigrants being stomped on? My grandfather is a legal immigrant and he supports DACA.
Senator, YOU are the BEST! Thank you!
Then do your job and legislate and quit whining
I guess you should have passed some legislation, Senator.
I have no issues with the program. It just needs to be passed by Congress.
.@SenJeffMerkley Remember what it felt like to be a senator.
See ya. Try the legal method.
You Dems are pissing us Americans off to the point we want to say GETT'EM THE HELL OUT. Congress lazy, this is YOUR JOB.
Defend Illegals, how American of you. 

Plus they have college degrees and are working what's the matter with that ! They are contributing to society and that's what makes us 
Please stop lionizing white collar dreamers. Blue collar dreamers are just as worthy of dignity, freedom n respect as the white collar 1s.
What about American youth future?
They are as American as my native born kids.
This anti-DACA push is utter BS.  The recipients are vetted...which goes to show you how xenophobically racist @realDonaldTrump is.
Thank you senator!
Thank you Senator Merkley
Thank you for all you do to help. This Oregon voter supports your efforts!!
Your irrelevant
No disrespect, but after all these years why are dreamers not legal citizens
At least the article mentions these illegal aliens sneaked across the border to get freebies like medical care they couldn't get in Mexico.
Telling that these exemplars make a career from enabling their coethnics to sign up for more freebies - "Bilingual Eligibility Specialist."
My American dreamer son has tough completion in Southern Cal....we need to move just so he can get a new dream! #MAGA #HoustonStrong
The US has failed to enforce it's immigration laws for 30 years. It's our fault we have dreamers.
Proud to have you as my Senator. #SaveDACA
Deport ALL illegals
0/2:
They aren't undocumented. They have lots of stolen/fraudulent documents.

They aren't immigrants, which are lawful permanent residents.
First get the story correct. "Worries Oregon illegal aliens"
Thank you, Sen Merkley!
@NCLRActionFund @WeAreUnidosUS  @votolatino @ACLU 
@EllenRosenblum @RonWyden @RepPeterDeFazio
I kept my Oregon residency while in the Army and my wife had to pay out of state rates. You'll find my sympathy between shit and syphilis.
trump is so very wrong to do this.
I got a idea Why don't you RETIRE ? That would MAKE Oregonians feel You have done SOMETHING in YOUR power
As a constituent, I expect nothing less. These are friends, neighbors, students,  & our future.
Back President Trump because we voted for him because we wanted change and with your help he will bring it .
Trump needs to let this go there are more important issues to deal with and the dreamers that are here are here at no fault of their own
LMAO.  You lose.  Get here legally or stay the hell out.
America first.
Time for real leadership in Congress, Oregon. This senator is past his stale date. #2020 #Dreamers #orpol
It's theatre. He will continue DACA, after Dreamers plead and beg, then agree to it as a grand magnanimous gesture expecting adulation.
I'm not so sure about it!
How many times has Congress failed to pass a law to deal with #Dreamers ?

That's on you, senator. You've failed Hugo, Zaira, et al. Failed.
it was the GOP that killed their own GOP lead immigration reform wasn't it?
Yes, but they've had multiple bites at the apple collectively. Why didn't they accomplish when Dems in control? Why ok for pres to decide?
Emotions aside, senator demonstrates disregard for law, suddenly likes 'pen and phone' EC's, and fails to do the job of Congress. #orpol
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley for everything you do for not only OR but for our country!
Deport all illegal aliens!
Defending an UNCONSTITUTIONAL and illegal tyrant proclamation? Proves your lawlessness leanings!
Thank you Senator Merkley. Your tireless efforts for the Dreamers in Oregon helps all the Dreamers in OUR USA.
You mean you'll do everything in your power to help them continue to break the law.
Thank you Senator. We all need to hit the streets if necessary!
He wants to be president and hopes Hispanic vote helps. Taxpayers kids will vote against him.  Hope he's out next term.  Pdx will vote 4 him
You're a loser! Why don't you do everything in your power to help the millions of young American citizens who need help?

You're a traitor!
Thank you Senator.
DACA is absolutely not fair. We need the DREAMERS and they need us. Please keep up the fight, Sen Merkley.
Sorry, I forgot to add that the abolishing of DACA is absolutely not fair.
Thank you
Dreamers should be worried . Keeping you here doesn't appeal to his BASE.  The BASE is the only thing that moves Potus their way
On DACA
It's wrong of America to keep these children from their birth country heritage/culture bcuz of irresponsible actions by the parents
I agree with Elliot DACA Illegals are being placed above Americans this is not right .our kids have to come first.
This Senator wants to give your tax dollars to a bunch of illegal adults they are calling children. Ask him what he has against our kids.
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley, your tireless work for the good of the citizens of Oregon and our country is deeply appreciated.
we must #removetrumpnow
Obama didn't do it the right way, now we must do it by using our laws correctly!
I am praying for you.
Thanks. DREAMers are valuable and productive members of society. Apart from being a good human being, your actions are good for OR economy.
790,000 ILLEGALs receiving TAX Money! What about kicking them out and using that money for US Children? @POTUS @seanhannity @MZHemingway
36 follower bot
Coming from the Senator you protects #Antifa ! get a clue
#DACA & #DREAMers need to be protected.  I served with dreamers in the OR NG who were all committed to the US Constitution.
California as well
For James,John,Luke,Paul, Jennifer,Mary,Martha we will do everything in our power to stop you including voting you out of office! RESIGN
If there is anything I can do please let me know
Me too!
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley!
