#agreed
Nothing should advance in the Senate until after impeachment
Let's remember this:
In today's light, it looks like the makeover to 'conspire' is complete
Clear as day
*conspire
LOCK THEM UP

Re tweeted
Please stop the insanity. The whole world weeps!!
I colluded with the Russians once, got a Free Cheeseburger outta the deal. And You know what..... I Loved it!!!  lol, lol, lol, Get Real!
You've won the dumbest comment on the internet today, congrats!
How many smoking guns do we need to block the GOP's obstruction to this 'witch hunt' .the Witch is ignoring rule of law!
If I retweet it, will you do everything you can in the Senate to kill the Republican attempt to gut the ACA?
Of course he will. Jeff Merkley has been a leader in the fight against the repeal of the ACA. He's our 'Mr. Smith'. An honorable man!
protect the ACA fight for single payer for all
Single payer!
No it doesn't the email states they had info on Hilary and Russia if they did were is the info and what's the link with Loretta Lynch fishy
Obviously tRUMP will pardon everyone, if Muller finds tRUMP org. Money laundered, do they asset forfeiture like all other Americans?
Are you ready to commit to a vote to convict?
Maybe not the legal definition, but undermining the democratic process to assist a hostile foreign government is treason.
why aren't some of your GOP colleagues seeing it?
Yes it shows intent. If you have a date planned to cheat on your wife, but your girlfriend doesn't put out, is it cheating? Ask your wife.
Sure look like it to this Southern Oregon citizen!
@SenJeffMerkley, thank you for your outstanding service on behalf of Oregonians. Whole Trump klan needs to be brought down. No mercy
It also looks like these are not all of the emails and there may be some discrepancies. Please keep pushing for truth for all Americans.
Agree Tamara
This article came out after the emails and one day before the meeting on June 9. DJT knew something was coming IMO.

The timeline just got much, much more damning. And now it includes the President. http://talkingpointsmemo.com/edblog/look-at-the-timeline … 
Where are all the Trump supporters? They suddenly disappeared! Trump supporters are complicit and are also traitors!
What? No. We can't be on Twitter all day spanking you libs, we are employed.
It is obviously collusion.  Thank you for your steadfast leadership on this issue!
I would b just as upset if this happened with the Democratic party & russia.Why it frustrates me when republicans act like this is nothing!
Could this be anymore blatant??
Then there's this:
DOJ LYNCH let Russian lawyer NATALIA VELNITSKYA into US W/O A VISA after She had been refused a VISA) team.OBAMA COLLUSION
Remove the words, 'sure looks like,' and replace with 'is.'
It appears to me that we are at the place where Syria started.  Apparently there are no consequences to treason. Stop talk and do something
#MARKSvSTINSON
@angiegarrett
#CollusionIsTreason
Friendly reminder that DNC operatives actively worked with Ukrainian gov officials to dig up oppo research
HA! HA! Daily Caller! Founded by Tucker Carlson, a conservative pundit, & Neil Patel, former adviser to former VP Dick Cheney. FAKE NEWS!
Perhaps you should actually read the article. They don't deny it and originally reported by Politico. Not fake news just b/c u don't like it
Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump & Help Hillary backfired http://politi.co/2jBNetH  via @politico
HA! HA! HA! Ridiculous, sad attempt to shift the treasonous actions of the whole Trump scum. Support Our Democracy, not Russia. #TREASON
Our 'national identity'? Just what is that? Sounds suspiciously like 'white supremacy' to me. Explain. NO one is eliminating our borders.
What 'push' are you talking about??
You and the Dems probably meet with the Russians to get dirt on Trump or you were part of the set up because Russia collusion  came in Oct
Agree.

Hillary Clinton did FAR WORSE with Ukraine and no one batted and eye.

http://bit.ly/2u5QuSW 
Now the question remains, what are both sides of the aisle doing about this very severe problem?!?!
The lesson here for rich scumbags: when collusion falls in your lap, take whatever you can. Hire lawyer, throw your own kid under the bus.
Someone releasing emails instead of deleting and erasing them. A new concept for @TheDemocrats.

Don't forget this.
And then there's this.
Indeed it does. So, what are you and Senators on both sides of the aisle going to do about it?
And they thought Hillary was crooked??? Lock 'em all up! Make them stop desecrating my country!
Check back with us and let us know what you think about them and Podesta/Clinton. Uranium any ------- ------ONE ??
Jeffie Ever heard of Anatoly Chubais or Ruben Vandanyan? You may wanna look them up before you sling too much mud
Podesta
Can't we focus on problems more concerning to the people such as #singlepayer #collegecrisis #fight4fifteen ##dncfraudlawsuit
Don't believe they got nothing, Jared leaves to cover ass, Manafort too cocky too care, Jr too stupid to not take information. #LockHimUp
Isn't it just amazingly ironic that their names happen to be "Don," a la organized crime?
Aren't you concerned about whether Hillary dealt with Russia as stated in the email?  U SHOULD DEMAND AN INVESTIGATION INTO THE CLINTONS!
Jr. said himself that they didn't have any dirt on Hillary and that disappointed him.
Yes and let's remain on alert for any attempts to move the healthcare bill
There's too much smoke & it's getting thicker. Also very smelly
BS just because she's Russian doesn't mean she works for Kremlin- how about Dems collusion with Ukraine?
fix this now. Please
Trumps administration is filled with traitor and crooks. Please, Senator, keep up the fight.  Help us get our Nation back from grifters.
Even ywhe pope is concerned.
Please start impeachment... like yesterday.
Keep fighting Jeff. You represent us Oregonians well.
I think that this is more important than RTs, Senator. This is what the Justice Dept & Intel Committees need to be investigating fully.
Thank you getting to the bottom of this, Sen. Merkley. Please don't give up!
Disagree.   Seems like the Russians may have been pushing this and the Trump team was willing to hear what illegal things Hillary was doing.
WOW. This regime is so corrupt. Thank you @SenJeffMerkley for everything you do in representing Oregon. #LockDonJrUp #Impeach45
It does he appear he was willing to collude with a foreign foe govt in order to get dirt to on HRC. Whether he got any or not, he met them
I would go a bit further and say at a min jr, kushner and manafort guilty of conspiracy to commit treason. But hey, I'm no lawer
Don't be fooled it's all BS. You have more important things to do than falling for a phony story.
The proof is hard to ignore. Compare dates on the timeline and wake up. Your country is being sold out.
HRC sold herself to foreign governments, wealthy donors and wall street.  Your point being....
yes the cheese for the nothing burger seasoned with GOP tears. how many benefited from this in the GOP
Absolutely.!!
if he's not impeached our government will be guilty of covering up 4 treason...period!
Wow!
Get mad Jeff! No more playing nice. We must fight for our Democracy!
Brace yourself for the Lindsey/Paul excuse tour. "He didn't mean it, he's new to this." He meant it, he'll do it again. They are traitors.
If the Trumps don't go down for this, I'm not sure what country I'm living in anymore
#TrumpRussiaCollusion
@DonaldJTrumpJr @POTUS @GOP
It's time to DEMAND resignation! We NEED to move on and protect this country!
Opposition research..just like Clinton and Ukraine...
Looks like treason to me, @DonaldJTrumpJr.
I don't do the retweet to agree but I do agree. Plus who was cc'ed and the mention of communicating with Trump Sr by Goldstone...
How so? It was a publicist, and it produced nothing. Moreover it was so important Don Jr. put it off for a week.
Paging Trey Gowdy.

we could all do without the "RT if you agree" garbage. Let the damning evidence speak for itself without the lame social media begging.
Absolutely, Senator!
