@JustinTrudeau wants investigation into who did the gas attack...
Trump could cure cancer and the unAmerican leftists would complain he's stealing work from doctors
Yes, probably
a great example of how disingenuous, amoral and hopeless modern leftism is.
It's an example of what's wrong with establishment Democrats who toe the party line. That's why many of us are working to fix it.
when Obama launched an airstrike you all pretended that it didnt count because of rules of engagement!!!!
No more rules of engagement; dirty war played by dirty people, inc ruling class & weak leaders. This could bring bombs our way...but where?
And the US Military, commanded by Trump, can be trusted to HELP the Syrian people?
Jeff you are smarter than this. Aren't you? This has Clinton dem/ false flag written all over it & Trump either fell for it or he's in on it
Clinton/Dem false flag? Yes it's #falseflag all right but I figure #Israel & #CIA probably more involved than they were
They are ALL in it up to their eyeballs. They and all their kids better be signing up for front line duty is all I know
Very easy to push buttons & use a joystick isn't it
Maybe for some this is a game but not for all.
Good luck with that. He appears to get away with everything. Just imagine if this was something Obama did. GOP heads would have exploded
Obama did do it. 538 times btw all without asking congress
His served national interest while tRumps were against Syria in retaliation for chemical warfare. Congress denied BHO when he requested same
After being denied he did it anyway
Not for chemical warfare retaliation

The reason Trump has to do this is because Dems like you didn't in force O's red line
O went to GOP controlled Congress in 2013 and asked for authorization to act against Syria. What did he get from Congress? Crickets.
I still think that the President needs congressional approval for military action, as the constitution dictates.
Nope Obama didn't need them to use drone strikes
Thank you, @SenJeffMerkley. You are a true leader.
Very much so!!
Thank you senator. It's also important to call out that the best way to protect innocent lives in Syria is to offer safe harbor for refugees
You comment on everything EXCEPT why you stated that defending the Constitution is a virus that must be stopped! TREASON OF OATH!
Where's the proof Assad did this? When is the US going to end it's 'reign on terror"?
So, do you support the President's Response? Be clear instead of putting out a BS Mamby Pamby response.
We also need to open to Syrian refugees.
So your answer is "Let's talk about it". We coward to fear of consequences for years and situation only worse. About time we took action
Know how youre being classified? "No clear position with reservations about next steps". Do better. Oppose strikes. Favor asylum.
Obama tried the soft approach and failed..time to stop pussyfooting around and help the good people in Syria.
I remember you issued a similar statement when Obama was droning US citizens and bombing Libya.
If not there yet US on verge of global laughing stock status; who knew future would be haunting tragedy 4 so many?Feel so helpless it hurts.
Fine but even HRC thought Assads air fields should be bombed back in 2013
Way to go!!!
scam...forewarned minimal damages...distraction against Russia
It's nice not having a coward like you as President
No Doubt?!  Really?  Because we don't have any issues regarding accurate reporting?  And we must therefore help the Syrians with more bombs?
That is correct! The mobster don't understand their rules you have to follow. I am sick and tired of his incompetence.
Thank you
did you have the same statement the last few years.  no you dind't.
Thank you AGAIN, Sir for your thoughtful & reasoned response. You are, of course, right. @realDonaldTrump uses USA & resources dangerously
Violations of international treaties should be dealt with in an international forum. Where does the US get off acting unilaterally? Shame.
That is not the job of the US government and not why we vote for you. @realDonaldTrump broke the law, attack was illegal, unconstitutional
You do not know for sure if #SyriaGasAttack was committed by #assad. You have NO business trying to change governments in ANY country
Consult with congress?? So the operation can be leaked by progressive nut jobs ?? Obumer took out a whole country without it
DJT doesn't care about Syrian people...per view on Syrian refugees...he'll take ACA & Meals-on-Wheels away from his own people.  Ratings?
I don't believe he is planning any sustained military engagement.. nor did he need your permission to send a message..
You can't filibuster a maniac like Assad to stop
I wish all of you would take a class on Goverment.  The President  reacted to a threat.
For prolonged  engagement,
He should consult Congres
Trump and Clinton agree? We have no evidence, another Clinton led regime change. Military industrial complex runs these U.S.
I agree w/you on this.
Agreed. He is unhinged & should not go unchecked. He even stated exactly your point about prior admin needing congressional approval
constituent, dem, in eugene. 1. congress debate before, not after, a planned act of war. 2. war->governing syria. 3. humanitarian aid 1st.
There is no evidence that Assad is responsible for any chemical weapons attack.
I repeat: A unilateral attack from a puppet of a puppet of a puppet master, for sake of ego, show, yet who will suffer but innocents AGAIN!
Yes THERE IS DOUBT about all of this dubious warmongering! In war, the first casualty is the TRUTH! Syria isn't OUR DAMN COUNTRY! Leave it!
Good Job!!  You make Oregon proud to have you watch out for us.
I'm sure he'll get authorization, just like Obama did in Pakistan.
Why would KATU retweet this? We dropped bombs and killed people w/o any proof Assad was involved. Have you all lost your minds!?!
Once again you are the wrong side of this issue.
The reason Trump has to is because you Dem didn't I force
Thank you senator. You have done many good things for our country. This statement is a bit weak. This was act of war. Congress declares war.
#ImpeachTrump. DT is out of control.
.@SenJeffMerkley USA, Russia, & Syria all have same type leader: acting out of own interests & playing by their own rules! All are dangerous
Thanks for doing your job. Totally agree
Thank you, Senator. Someone must put the brakes on that man.
BS. No proof Assad did it but like most neoliberals you can't stand up 2 CIA/Deepstate. U R not a progressive U are the same as HRC 
COWARD
funny you don't mention about Clinton and obama selling the weapons to Syria and Libya
WE DONT EVEN KNOW IT WAS ASSAD.
Perfectly in line with my thoughts, thank you
kinda like how Obama had congressional approval to bomb Libya?
Thank you.  We need Congress to hold the line on authorizing military force!
Thank you, Senator.
you really think he's going to do that?
So you're in favor of mustard gas...way to go Jeff...
So what are the repercussions for 45 not getting congressional approval?
Nothing because #congress has shown itself WORTHLESS!
signed -FORMER @realDonaldTrump supporter!
thoughtful, senator. thank you. 
and: i smell a fish. trump is desperate to improve approval ratings, not compassionate for gassed children.
The man don't know what he is doing. He can go and meet the Russians, better known as the mobsters. Time to get them  out THE W.H.
Thank you for the statement, Senator.  Is there anything we can do, regarding removing this person's ability to harm others?
What happened to Congressional approval?
Tell your Digital Director to stop screen grabbing press releases and posting them on social media. Get creative... just sayin 
Can Merkley be president? A voice of reason, a man I could trust.
Wouldn't trust him or any politician with my yard work duties!
I second that sir you are an inspiration.
