Your word doesn't mean spit. Your oath of office should matter, and nowhere in it does it say 'incite' trouble. Do your job!
He's one of the few politicians that seems to be acting on behalf of his constituents. Can't say that abt many.
no he is acting on behalf of a select few constituents not all.
My bad. Not all, just the majority but definitely not a "select few".
Its not the Majority. Not even Close. Look at his district map and see how they voted.
Perhaps if he was a congressman or a local rep you'd have a point about district votes.
His base is Eastern and southern Oregon. Eugene is the only place that voted for him. Sad people.
WHAT? No one wants to resist? We'll go bankrupt when they cut our funding? Sigh...
Jeff: Expose Tillerson, expose Trump, expose the Rosneft deal. They are SELLING OUT our country and our democracy! #Treason
dont worry. with new #voterID laws yours and mz browns days are numbered.
thank you!
I'm one Oregonian who disagrees with you. You're an embarrassment. You're making more unrest & division. Dems lost accept it
it's almost you don't want him to fight for what's right, but give into Fascist policies, why do you hate America?
What is a Fascist. Libs are the party one can't disagree with or they cause riots to stop free speech.

I live in oregon...recently fled southern Texas ..had I known this BS I'd of moved to MT where men are men! Americans first!
Thank you!!!! #MySenator
THANK you. We also must totally obstruct his SP pick. We have your back!!
YES we are! I left you a message yesterday & an email. A Russian Investigation needs to happen and his noms are unqualified.
.@SenJeffMerkley Thank you for standing with your supportive constituents in Oregon!
Thank you for working to stop these cruel cretins, they're the worst. #obstruct #resist #BoycottFascism
You have no idea how much we appreciate your standing up for us.
Thank you so much!
Now come together with senators from other states and stand united!!
Lock arms on the tracks. That'll stop the #TrumpTrain. I'm waving at the carnage. @KahootsiePie @SenJeffMerkley
: Get on the train or under it! Dems lost, elections have consequences. Keep up the crap & lose.
: Stick it, jerk!
Are also Oregonians like me registering our distress with Dem violence and desire for Trump policies, but you ignore us!
I've called you to SUPPORT TRUMP! Left wing radical anarchists. #DemAreDone
What about the people from Myrtle Creek? You know the Town you grew up in? You are appeasing the city and not the country.
thank you thank you thank you.
Thank You! Anyone, R or D, that is willing to stand with the MAJORITY will have the majority's support.
Got your back Dude
You hear Portland.  Electoral College for States now!
Wish you were my Senator
I'm happy with how @SenBobCasey is stepping up but @SenToomey is embarrassing.

@MoveOn stop the hate and try to bring us together
Keep it up Senator Merkely! And thank you!
@postofficetruth U Voted No 3 GOP NOMINEES. ONLY GILLIBRAND VOTED NO 4 TIMES. VOTE LIKE GILLIBRAND VOTE NO EV TIME! No. No.
It isn't working. They just locked the doors and changed the rules to attain their agenda. We are sunk, I am losing hope.
thank you! We are calling to cheer you on!
Thank you! Proud that you're my Senator!
I'm a New Yorker, who lives in NJ, but I thank you for standing with us all. We cannot back down and we must fight, #resist
Yes Liberal fruitcakes want to be lax on terrorism and crime. Not happening, losers!
@LeslieMarshall relax. Enjoy freedom.
thank you for fighting for us!  We appreciate your tireless dedication - we are in crisis-our country is at stake.
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley. And can you please make sure your #senate #democraticparty colleagues do also.
Oregonians are calling & the world is watching. Defining days not just for US, but all. #GaslightingAmerica
@Sarah_Geeeee calling works!
Welcome to a real democracy then, tyranny of the majority when the filibuster rule goes full Reidtard.
you, and your staffers working the phones, are doing a standup job. Keep at it.
America thanks U & your dem colleagues for finally listening! But your not off the hook yet! Obstruct! Kumbaya doesn't work!
Thank you.Resist the GOP/trumpenfuehrer.We want to see all Dems united and fighting.Never Surrender.
Thank you, Senator. Oregonians stand with you.
This is what I want to hear!!!!!
Will call tomorrow!  Keep up the fight!  Thank you!
He simply wants to see it burn.

He & his thugs want to see THEIR mushroom cloud on TV.

It’s that simple.

@SenJeffMerkley @Doyouhaveaflag
@marcorubio Paying attention Sen. Rubio? This is what you referred to as "radical left wing"
, 
Could you please tell the Dems.to find their balls
@Senatorschumer GROW A SET ON EACH AND EVERY #presidentbannon NOMINEES. @REUTERS @AP @NYT @DEMOCRATS @CNN @KeithOlbermann
Good job. We're counting on you.
@senatorschumer GROW A SET 4 EVERY SINGLE NOMINEE 4 ANY TITLE #presidentbannon #FAKEpresident #itsNOTmypresident #RESIST @AP @SenJeffMerkley
Movements start at the grass roots! They don't need a Leader they need willing participants who will demand change!
Or...just a thought - you may want to try governing.
Better talk to some of your "D" colleagues. Some of their conciliatory actions are distressing. Thanks.
@TheNewDeal Hopefully call volume does not determine your ability or level of #RESISTANCE
I want to hear impeachment.
not true for all of my friends. We love that Trump is finally putting a stop to progressive agenda of liberals
u need to get new friends #revoltnow #overthrow hooray for liberal agenda
Thank you so much. I'm proud to have you as my Senator!
@ZeitgeistGhost #CalExit We could could run that wall along our eastern borders.  LOL.
Interesting FACT:  Counties @HillaryClinto won account for 65% of  USA's GDP.

@PatriciaRaye @SenJeffMerkley
thats of those lies that has become accepted as fact, that cons r better with $
let him wreck Obamacare sooner not later. Higher costs for Trumpcare can get Dem Pres and single payer.
Thanks Senator! Keep it up, for all of us. And let us know how we can help!
So you got 10 calls instead of one, who cares?
I'm with you, Senator!  I was one of those phone calls.  I've attended 2 rallies (SEI and Women's).  I support ur hard work
Damn right! Absolutely no cooperation with these monsters.
Thanks for fighting!! #resist
Keep up the resistance @SenJeffMerkley I support you.
vote no on everything coming out of the WH. Nothing is gained by cooperation
Thank you Senator Merkley! You and Bernie are the best 2 senators, hands down!
waaa waaa waaa your all wining children 
Next time Vote!
keep it up!! Where do we call or write? – at Pingree Park
thank you for being such a reliably decent and strong senator! I love knowing you already support the issues I care for!
Thank you!
Keep up the fight! Tried to call, but your line was busy.
Thank you for listening. Stay strong. We're counting on you.
thank you.
@swingleftorg I'm not in Oregon but I called to say thanks and keep up the great work! :)
Thank you for your leadership and energetic service to uphold our Constitution
@HappyFeminist Thank you. Keep fighting!
Thanks! I was one of the calls...first time I've called...Thanks to @AlexLimpaecher who created http://www.mobilizeapp.org 
Thanks Jeff!  We are with you!  :)
Dems are the opposition party, so please, y'know, OPPOSE STUFF!
@Sanddragger Resist what, @POTUS enforcement of existing law? Good luck with that 
NOT From Me your Not!
Thank you Senator Merkley. I hope you are getting our letters to. Please join him @RonWyden RESIST!
thanks for taking our calls. Also, encourage them to call senators outside of our state too! #StandUpToTrump
We are totally distressed because POTUS and company are getting away with being above the law. UNACCEPTABLE!
Washingtonians stand with you too! #resist
and so are those supporting the Supreme Court nomination. The man deserves the position just like he did the Appeals Court.
Thank you. When I can't get through, I simply keep trying.
Thank you for listening.
I don't call. Too shy. But I tweet and I write to you! Help us, @SenJeffMerkley This is awful!
: Well, I'm one who agrees with him, not all OR voters are flaming liberals. And it's not a ban on Muslim's, just terrorists.
the campaign called for a Muslim ban, and it's pretty clear that's what this is.
The names  of democrats voting for Trump noms is public. They won't be re elected. We need you to #resist every fascist move
Thank you.
thank you!
Thank you!  Resist everything!  Everything!  Everything!  Proud you are my senator.
how does that compare to the 100 times on your gun control and UN policies
You don't speak for me. Listen to who you choose to but go home and read our Constitution
You must not be listening to what the callers are saying......
Thank you! #resist
Could you plse expln how the repugs outsmart dems every single time?  It is getting very frustrating.
Stop this futile resistance to pro-American regulations.
Why the yes vote on Haley? We must obstruct obstruct obstruct. The time to play nice is over.
yea right resist= liberal temper tantrum grow do your job not incite riots
Exactly how will you resist? When will we see this resistance? File charges! Launch investigations? Speak truth on Fox
I haven't called because I know you're doing what's right for us.  Thank you.
I’m not an Oregonian, but promise to contribute to your campaign or knock on doors or do whatever you need if you #resist
Stop obstructing and get to work. #DoYourJob
I hope this means you're finally on board with obstructing everything. Never again give Trump cover.
you are what is dividing our #country. #TimeToHeal #StopPromotingHate
As your constituent I have appreciated your efforts and am grateful. Thank you also for maintaining great communication!
it motivated me to contribute to your re-election!
consider this another call!
Thank you for your commitment to democracy and your stand against demagoguery.  Keep up the fight!
thank you senator! Keep up the fight. We are behind you!
and I couldn't leave a message because your and Senator Wyden's mailboxes were full! Go, Oregonians. Vote no!
thank you. As an Oregonian, yes, we are greatly distressed. Appreciate your solidarity.
distressed? America first
I'm one of those callers & I keep finding new things to thank you for. Stop the Bannon/Trump agenda! #resist #indivisible
Oregon should be distressed.

Every day Trump implements more and more Russian Values.
#TrumpInaugural 

I solemnly swear  to uphold the laws and NEVER say a negative word against Mother Russia.
…
I support your efforts, but when the GOP bulldozes votes without DEMs, what then? We're F**Ked.
You're right #Oregon residence are calling to tell you to get back to work. You are wasting our #Tax $. #resist #womensmarch
THANK YOU.
are you hearing your constituents who think you're Schumers lap dog?
thank you for standing up and resisting. And thank you to your hard-working staffers too!
Ten times the #butthurt.  Cool.  Too sore to sit down yet?
I voted for u because many of your views. Dont let us down
You are also hearing from we that dont AGREE with all new policies but DEMAND Congress does job -
participate and compromise
Thank you!! Please thank your hardworking staff for us too! #RESIST #ShockEvents #NoBanNoWall
so you only take phone calls now? never received a response to my email.
Thank you for all you're doing. Keep up the great work for Oregonians & U.S.  I'm very proud you're my senator. 
We have power to stop Trump & Bannon's coup 
Act now! 
#StopBannon #NSC #Resist
No, you don't. #math @CaseyHinds @SenJeffMerkley
Thank you!  #resist
@MoveOn Oregon is calling legislators only 10x more than usual? We know they can do better. We all can. Let's call now!
we elected trump. He won. Suck it up. Be American.
@MoveOn  Thank you for listening, digesting and supporting us!
Pennsylvanians are trying to reach @SenToomey but he's ignoring us!!! Can you tell him to answer his phone? Thanks!
@ArgoJournal Shocker in a blue state. Oh, and stop the BS resistance stuff. You look foolish.
merkeley is a fool.
And he doesn't seem to mind exhibiting it.
I have not called but have twitted I trust Oregon to do the right thing
I am part of the #Resistance
@MoveOn Tell that to the rest of the Dems, who seem to have forgotten the last 8 years.
Stand strong on the filibuster. Even if the R's nuke it, we will have fought. We have your back, RESIST!
Thank you for watching out for us!
thank you for listening
Thank you Sen Merkley!  sad to hear of your colleagues who are trying to "duck" their constituents.  You are a shining star
@asmith83 Though I live in Texas, I've called your office. Your staff was so kind & polite despite overload. Thanks to them!
...and fail. @SenJeffMerkley #orpol #resist #math
@asmith83 Thank you, Senator! Democrats like me around the country are watching. Resist or lose our support next election.
As a constituent, I support you in filibustering Gorsuch and demanding maximum time for questions for nominee hearings
Thank you Senator Merkley.  Can you button hole Toomey and tell him to start answering his freaking phone?
I know! I can almost never get through! Every call I make is to say I support you 100%!
Thank You!!!
Thank you for acknowledging!  What is happening with Senator Ryan?  Why aren't the Republicans being more vocal?
thank you Jeff for having our backs
we will stand with those of you that FINALLY stand with US!  TY Jeff! #womensMarch
hey billybo post your phone number and few hundred thousand of us will call you too and you can keep count
we're behind you 100%. Let me know how to help! #thanks
Your reaction to his policies has been compassionate and immediate. I'm ready to campaign for you! Thank you for all you do.
They're finally starting to get it! 

Trump's a threat to the republic.  Preserve what you can & don't give them an inch.
thank you for standing up
