Hahahahahahahahahahaha
Thank you for your leadership RT @SenatorReid Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done.
Context is important. GOP blocked 79 Obama nominees w/ filibuster before Reid used nuclear option. McConnell used it after 1 filibuster. ha!
The same could be said for you. You didn't like when Reid did it, but like it now?
RE: Reid - the lack of judges being confirmed was holding up people's right to due process. McConnell could have negotiated
... to get the # of votes needed. Or provided another judge. Among other options. He just chose not to.
But you had no problem when Harry Reid used nuclear option
Because #GOP proved by their actions that was the only way to provide governance. They filibustered scores of noms. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barack_Obama_judicial_appointment_controversies …
Obama governed by executive order, that's called a dictator!  I don't agree when Trump does it too.
We The People elected Trump!
He did it alone?  Your former leader Harry Reid started the process.  I don't trust you and I don't believe you.
McConnell will be held accountable for this Capitol crime.
The #Electoralcollege did that to us. The current #administration is setting an ominous tone for #USA #gop doing more of same.
McConnell needs to be taken back to KY, thrown down a mine shaft, and then seal it up.
Or maybe you could just vote him out of   his Senate seat.
You're a real diva!
Thank you for doing your job that the people voted you to do. Will not be forgotten.
When things really change for the better around 2050, most of use will be long gone.
Reality is the Super Majority should never have been implemented as a Senate procedural policy.
Our government truly no longer has the people interest at heart. Today marks the day we a no longer a republic. We are no longer represented
Last time we were a Monarchy it didn't end well for the Monarch. This time I fear it will not end well for us.
Oligarchy, really. We are bothowned and ruled by the rich, and should rise up and eat them...
I do t see the end game here. When the Dems get control back, don't resort to this tit-for-tat stuff. Restore the proper rules. Be better.
I agree with that for the most part, but not on everything.
Can't scream accountability and demand playing by rules unless we lead by example. It's hard to effect change. So hard they changed rules
Fuck it. The Dems have to start fighting just as dirty as the gop or we'll never get anywhere.
except this is something hte dems did first, when they got pissed that the republicans filibustered them after they did so to bush
The Dems did it first bc McConnell vowed to obstruct everything Obama did for 8 fucking years. Now its our turn and we're pissed.
Lol you know nothing...the dems did it under Bush...had nothing to do with Obama or McConnell
and you voted for a game show host who bombed an empty airbase in an attempt to strengthen his approval. who knows nothing again?

Sure, drama queen.
Did you make this same statement when Reid did it?
Or are you being an intellectual fraud?
Lies, lies, he only took a page from your party.
Remember these people in the next election!!
Thank @SenatorReid and Dems for Nuclear Act!
let me get your tiny violin playing sad, sad music. While I get that, could you thank Harry Reid for me? Thanks.
McConnel' has put a knife into your partisan BullShit Senator. It never should have come to this over someone as qualified as Judge Gorsuch.
You sure Reid didn't stick it in first, and @SenateMajLdr is just leveling the playing field? Remember Obama said he won, so get over it?
Idiots. The filibuster was there to protect the minority party. The #GOP will not always be in control. They've slit their own throats.
You're pathetic
NJ
"Leader" in title only.  @SenateMajLdr SHOULD BE ASHAMED of himself.  Clearly THE biggest OBSTRUCTIONIST & liar in US Senate history.
Listened to it all. And now hear a hush on the Senate floor. Do the Republicans know what they have done?
Democrat party is a crypto-religious cult.

Hypocrite!  You praised Harry Reed.  You have no credibility!
I've never seen a @SenateGOP like this. Apart from McCain & a couple others, they really think the United States is their play thing
Waiting for the confirmation of @TedNugent to fill the vacancy. You've broken the filibuster by opposing #gorsuch
I hope he never has another good night's sleep or day of peace for the rest of his ugly life.
But damn. These evil people are sleeping well tonight.
You should have said that to Harry Reed who made it a custom when things did not go his way don't be a hypocrite!
you need to re read constitution that you despise
The first time having been when Harry Reid did it.
SHUTUP Jeffrey-Uwere chosen as the chump with the mike...ppl R still saying who was that guy/what was he mumbling about-Tweedle Dumb
Dude, you're making a fool of yourself. Everyone outside your fringe Uber-committed base is laughing at you. Thank Harry Reid.
Cry me a river. You didn't say a word when Reid did it. #hypocrite
Tough shit. You have Harry Reid to thank.
You're so fucking stupid
Shhhh.  Somebody will recognize your fascination with weapons and anger outbursts as the society threat you might be.
I just noticed that you can't compose a sentence
Baseless insults and harassment don't bother me. Go back to FoxNews where you can grab a jewel at Jared.
And when he goes none will mourn, evil man
I will personally go to KY to piss on his grave or wherever that asshole is buried
Good on you, he's such a supercilious skeleton of an excuse for a man, no redeeming features that I can see
don't forget to gove credit to Sen Harry Reid. You reap what you sow. Gorsich is an ultimate qualified judge.
What a hypocritical, melodramatic lie! In fact McConnell restored democracy to the senate.  Mr. Merkley, you have embarrassed yourself!
Thank you for all of your, literally tireless, efforts.  Very sad day.
We'll remember Senator.  Thank you for your valiant effort.
6 months from now 25% of his constituents won't be able to name him.
Maybe not, but his name is at the forefront today. I like BRAVERY
I'm old enough to remember when Senator Merkley was *for* nuking the filibuster. Good times.
You were in favor of knifing the filibuster in 2013. Care to explain what changed?
See @fawfulfan feed. This is not analogous to 4 yr GOP campaign of dozens of filibusters - more than 1/2 of all in us history, against OBAMA
Shorter: "It's different when we do it". The standard Dem answer when questioned about their hypocrisy.
It actually is different. 60+ is a higher number than 1, for example. But if you don't have any interest in facts, do run along.
#hypocrite
McConnell changed the rules to allow 50 votes to seat a justice. Now they can do what they like. @SenJeffMerkley
Gorsuch is pro-corporation, fanatical right. Will make overturning Citizens United almost impossible. @SenJeffMerkley
Any subsequent vacancies, they'll likewise be able to ram thru their choice with no Dem input. @SenJeffMerkley
That's why government no longer for the people. Now for the corporation.  @SenJeffMerkley
Dark deed was done years ago.
#ff @SenatorReid @SenatorHarkin @SenatorTomUdall. Thank you for your work to make the Senate a more functional institution.
You mean when GOP abused the filibuster for 4 yrs & blocked dozens of Obama nominees - more than half of all FB'd in history? This is 1 fili
just like harry reid.
You knew this was going to happen. Reid never should've opened the door. Yes, Merrick Garland got screwed, but pick your battles. Smh
You're an idiot. If Dems waited till the next one, Rethugs would've done the same thing. What's your problem?
Nice intro. The next one is going to be far right & now there isn't a remedy. There's the possibility of 3 more openings based on age alone
If you can never use the filibuster, it might as well not exist.
It basically doesn't now for judges & justices. Moderates would've supported it for a far right nominee & that's gone now.
After what the "moderates" allowed to happen to Garland, I disagree. The Democratic Party needed to stand against this already far-right nom
Grassley & McConnell are far from moderate.   This is pretty much a done deal, so no point arguing about it now.
And when control of Congress flips back to Dem control, they're going to scream "tyranny" all day long.
And we will not listen.
And we'll keep winning because of it.
Keep winning? Hahaha.
I'm sort of thinking this  what losing looks like
You have no clue what's coming, do you.
Actually, I suspect that the losing trajectory of the dems over the last 8 years can't continue. Dems win big cities, Reps win the rest.

Thank you for your leadership RT @SenatorReid Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done.
Life comes at you pretty fast...
The only remaining way forward is to vote all Republicans out of office.
Good luck. Many obstructionist democrats are up for election in 2018 in states Trump won. His voters will remember their lack of good faith.
This will actually redound to Dem benefit. Trump's approval rating is not going to recover as his voters feel how much he's hurting them.
Brilliant. In 4 years, after 100s of appointments, he'll finally get his comeuppance!
That'll teach him!
Fillibusters are stupid anyway... good riddance to it
No Senator. You and your obstructionist Dems did it. You, your party, and Harry Reid own it. #hypocrite
The turtle killed the Senate in 2016 declaring Garland and anyone nom by Hillary would never see a hearing.
Boohoo!! What a wonderful day!! Congratulations Justice Gorsuch!!
Fortunately, everybody has a heart and there are lots of knives.
Jesus. What would you say if something actually dangerous happened? You are an unserious child.
I am so sick of Liberals playing politics with the American People's lives. There was no reason for you to filibuster. None
For the first time in my life I feel ashamed to be an Oregonian, the dark deed was done when you were elected.
You spelled "Harry Reid" wrong.
Robert Bork says to kiss his ass ya snowflake!
Thank you for all of your efforts, Sen. Merkley. To me, the dark deeds were done when Merrick Garland was refused a hearing by @SenateMajLdr
Senator, thanks for your efforts. Don't let corporate America trump individual rights, we should all have the same privileges.
@SenateMajLdr your "personal worthiness" legacy may join the likes of Andrew Jackson because of the Gorsuch nomination
How's that "Reid Option" going for ya? BTW... DEATH stole the seat on SCOTUS. NOBODY else! Get that straight!!
That doesn't DISQUALIFY the nominee. The Dems are a disgrace and should be ashamed.
Jeff Thank you so much for your efforts and service. You are a true patriot. Time to ship McConnell and his wife back to Russia.
Just another day for the democracy killing Republicans!
You Misspelled Harry Reid.
Politicians think they are so important. Sure, the world needs parasites, but that doesn't make you important.
Respect to you, sir, for putting up that fight. Wish I could've been there to watch & listen.
So you don't want a judge who judges by "rule of law"?
Judge Gorsuch is needed in this court
#SCOTUS
You mean it was done FIRST when Reid did it a couple of years ago, right?  I mean ... you wanna see your tweet when that happened? #NoMemory
He didn't put a knife in, he removed the one that Harry Reid put there.  Lets see what happens now.
What a difference three years make senator
Says the #hypocrite who backed the Harry Reid option in 2013 & still owns the website http://reformthefilibuster.com 
The dark deed is done. McConnell has just put a knife into the heart of our We the People republic.
After umpteen filibusters. THIS WAS ONE SINGLE FILIBUSTER so stop with the false equivalency nonsense. Fact twisting is the same as lying 
You democrats lost the election so stop crying. Trump has done more good for America than democrats have done for years
This is a bit dramatic 
Thanks for handing him the knife tho.
Take your meds. @SenJeffMerkley
Bawaaahaaa - send your complaints to your boy Harry Reid. He opened Pandora's Box. #NuclearOption
Shoe is on the other foot and you don't like it too bad!!
I'm old enough to remember when you wanted to kill the filibuster.  http://ln.is/www.youtube.com/0D8FN … #ThanksHarryReid #ThanksSenatorMerkley
If the shoe were on the other foot, you would have done the same thing.
Is being a serial liar and hypocrite a requirement for all democRAT politicians? #NuclearOption
Throwback Thursday:
Thank you for your leadership RT @SenatorReid Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done.
Except when the Democrats did it. Funny how you liberals think rules only apply to everyone else. Get over it. Elections have consequences

Question 4 you,Sir-if CheetoKing's impeachd 4 collusion w/Russia,can't all his appointees be removed too ( incl Pence)?LOTSA folks want ansr
bull i voted for you but you have to learn to do your job not what your party wants.
We the People love the fact that you Democrats have sealed your collective fate for further SCOTUS nominations by Pre. Trump
perhaps you should revisit your 11-21-13 tweet
I hope there's a fainting couch nearby
God lord get a grip elections have consequences and you lost TRUMP PICKS #SCOTUS
Oh, so when it doesn't favor your party it's unpatriotic?  Ok
Thank Harry Reid!
If only we knew who made the rule....hmm...
Will see you right wingers soon republicans will get their payback soon
Unforgivable. Treason to us all.
It cannot be undone. He will end badly.
@AskCoachLiz when did we elect politicians to work for themselves
You have to be joking....
McConnell just allowed a judge that supports the Constitution to be placed on the SCOTUS. The horrors. I wish Reid hadn't gone nuclear 1st
Reid Rule.
Harry Reid
Thank You Harry Reid.
But you had no problem when Harry Reid used nuclear option
Now You Can Rest..
#TRUMP
Your chickens have come home to roost.
sorry, you already did that in 2013.
Harry Reid put the knife in, because he felt that he was be obstructed, now GOP feels same. Bunch of bratty kids.
Declaration of War is not a good idea when you don't have the weapons @SenateMajLdr
There was no choice! Just using the rule that you and Reid changed!
He cares nothing for anyone but himself, his bank account, and to have his name next to Neros in effigy
No Jeff, you are the one working on that deed!
BullDems did it 4 yrs ago. A lame-duck president doesn't nominate a lifetime judge. Garland was never a option.
He used the same knife that your pal, Harry Reid used, so suck it.
Harry Reid put the knife in. MCConnell just twisted it. Fillibuster reform is now complete.
Something that didn't exist until 1949 is the heart of our republic huh? Spare me the drama.
We are DOA USA
Reid did it several years ago. You're just looking at the corpse and now whining.
I expected nothing less from the party of Doom & Gloom. Democrats need to fight hard & strong against corruption of Democracy!
Thanks for doing all you could
It was an honor to watch you fight for our democracy last night. Thank you!
Turtle Lips, corporate-suckup McConnell shows his true allegiance once more. This is a sad day for our democracy.
You spelled Harry Reid wrong....
Oh Shut Up!!! The Democrats are resisting to resist, Dems do not care about the American People or America for that matter. #Demscausedthis
@ezlusztig like he ever really cared anyways
Senator, you smoke pot much? You sure seemed to be out circling Pluto!
-McConnell has been stabbing America for years.Time for term limits for Senators & Legislators! Right now, people across America are weeping
Never forget. They choose party over people, Everytime. No mercy in the future and they will beg for it because they're showing their true 
You're a silly man.
Wow, McConnell seems like such a mild mannered pol. As for you, the stupidity must hurt.
The knife was planted when Merrick Garland was nominated by Obama. Now @SenMajLeader is just twisting the knife for his sadistic pleasure.
But if the demoRats had done the same thing, liberals and media would be clapping and jumping up and down how great it is?
hmmm
Let me provide you a History Lesson
i think they voted for gorsuch to protect all the republicans when rump/russia goes to the supreme court SAD #resist so sad
Oregon's senator is an 11-year old, goth boy?
Did you sleep thru 2013?
Once Lil Donnie pisses off enough people #mitchmcconnell will be taken down as he did @GovChristie #mikeflynn and #PresidentBannon
Yes. They want to end the 2 party system.
oh you guys didnt do that by forcing abortion, gay marriage and flag burning into law over the objections of the majority of the voters?
Let's try to be two steps ahead instead of three steps behind and maybe we will start winning again.
Thank you for your patriotic work! #RESIST!
What's Good for the goose, is good for the gander! #Karma #GorsuchVote
The legislative filibuster is next. Stand firm against everything. Consider it turn out the vote motivation to win back Congress.
Major L. 
If anyone put a knife in 
We The People
You can start with 
Chump Schumer's Sissy Senators 
including YOU.
No reason for filibuster on SCOTUS pick, he's fully qualified, shd have let up or down vote on Obama pick, then wld have no argument
