Trump in the Oval: "It is frankly disgusting the press is able to write whatever it wants to write"
U Merkley, r a disgrace to our state. The 1st Amendment wasn’t intended to support & propagate lies...probably hard for u to comprehend.
If UR offended by what's printed in the "#FakeNews", you might want to start addressing the lies coming out of the DISGRACEFUL @WhiteHouse.
I was completely and thoroughly offended & disgusted by the lies from  Obama & his admin. as I am also by my state’s current politicians.
Maybe you should consider moving 2 a state where they deny science, and evangelofascists elevate Biblical law over our secular Constitution.
Jesus, it’s like a fing rerun...I don’t have to move. I get to vote their asses out. That’s how this shit works. So don’t u worry about me
I know, huh, that's the message I get from your neofascist brothers in hoods every time I criticize the Trumpenfuhrer & his neocon congress.
Shit, U actually talk to neofascist brothers in hoods? & by that I mean, Antifa. Jesus, dude. Get a fing grip. U know u sound crazy, right?
Yeah, cuz it wasn't your Klan & Nazi bubbas who cried about getting their asses kicked by ANTIFA(scists). Stuff UR neofascist Trumpy grip.
I agree with you Sen.Jeff, it is the first Amendment. That is a mind of taking over the media, I am happy we have people like you !
I call it exaggerated lies, not covered by the First Amendment!
When the constant lies are about you Senator wonder if you will feel the same
His ignorance of “is able” is frightening.
Hmm. Didn't that whole birther movement hurt and upset a lot of people. #fake news. How the tables have turned
Thank you, Senator.
you have the right to say that under the same right to say your a racist!
I call it disgusting to. We're Americans and we deserve to hear the truth not just a bunch of fake news.
Interestingly, that is exactly what Hitler said.
Pointing out what Trump said almost word 4 word what Hitler said against a free press is not a ham sandwich. It is against the Constitution.
Anyine who is being called a Nazi and a white supremacist when only trying to preserve our laws would be upset and say it
Trump lies EVERY day. He's a criminal who wastes our money on himself & hates Pres. Obama b/c he's black. He HATES all who disagree w/ him.
I hate Obama I truly do not because he is black but because he is pure evil who has pitted white vs black against one another.
It's frankly disgusting Trump is allowed to lie on a daily basis and misinform the public and still keep his job
Him not upholding his oath is disgusting!
Thank you for defending the Constitution, Senator. You make me proud to be an Oregonian.
Slander and Defamation laws exist for a reason Senator. But we just call what they wrote birdcage liner.
Maybe you should go to the Universities & impress upon our misguided students the importance of the 1st Amendment?
Seek TRUTH and report it.
Sen. Merkley Are you really saying #MSM has a first amendment right to publish #LIES & call it #NEWS? You're as disgusting as they are.
Something needs to be done. Despite internet, Twitter, etc, they hold great power over the nation.
Is he on crack?
Oh that naughty free press
I've never seen a politiican whine so much about the press; Trump threatening to shut down NBC reveals him as wannabe dictator. Pathetic.
This comes from a man who used to call reporters and pretend he was someone else.  LOL
The very news sources he dislikes are the ones that list their reputable sources. he is a breitbart follower- has no reputable sources
What a lie coming  out of.ur mouth every  time  u it
Seriously. Read the constitution #drumpf
And yet look at all the lies he spews out on a regular basis. That's what is disgusting.
If the press has no standards, it is a tabloid. Then it has lost its credibility. They are close to that now.
Hogwash. You would just rather believe the liar in chief.
It's called truth
This man is completely disgusting, but I tried to tell people prior to voting & no they hated Hillary.
I'd rather Trump defend the Constitution over the Flag! (Don't get me wrong, both are important but the Flag is useless w/o the 1st)
Look in the mirror if you really want to see disgusting, Don.
I think it disgusting that the POTUS is allowed to lie to the American people  and say whatever he wants and the GOP allows it.
It is very difficult to watch the news lie when ever it fits there needs
I think the press has been discussing too. They are no longer printing news just progressive propaganda.
This is America u fools
You better get a better understanding of the 1st Amendment
I know,will Hannity shut up already?
If it's all untrue, why doesn't he just sue?  He loves to sue people!
If you can't take the heat @realDonaldTramp, get out of the kitchen. (Do you understand that metaphor? Do you know what a metaphor is?)
If he had a case, he’d have sued for libel. But he doesn’t. So he whines, threatens, and lies instead to play the victim.
It's disgusting the so-called president can say whatever he wants, whenever he feels like it. He only lies with all his bluster.
and then he endorses @FoxNews 
It's sad that you'll stand up 4 the press' #1stAmendment rights but didn't make a sound in condemnation of @POTUS bullying the #NFL players.
Senator remember FHA provides 30-year mortgages lower monthly payments don't let Donald distract from saving FHA stop Wall Street take over
It's disgusting that #POTUS can just say anything and it doesn't have to be truthful.
I don't think the first Amendment was meant for invented and incorrect news. And I think that's what Trump meant.
I mean, sooner or later this dude is going to quit, right? he hates his job. and really, I don't blame him, he is piss poor at it
It is not the 1st A that is a problem, but rather the false reporting. Just tired of listening to MSM & constant negative against POTUS.
It maybe wouldn't be so negative if he didn't keep saying/doing negative things. If you have to ask "like what?" You're hopeless.
My opinion,  hopeless is being OK  with the constant negative, cherry picking rhetoric of the MSM. Serves no one.
Oh My Goodness.. Has this Man EVER read the constitution? He is DEPLORABLE!!!
We know he's insane,  he must be removed from office.
Technically nobody can write “whatever they want”
Apparently the truth hurts
Impeach the fascist pig already
I call it #Invoke25thAmendment or #ImpeachTrumpNow Here's a guarantee: IF YOU DO NOT ATTEMPT TO IMPEACH TRUMP, I WILL NOT VOTE FOR YOU AGAIN
Freedom of speech doesn't include the freedom to make shit up and libel someone, as MSM has been doing to trump for a year by now
Except vast majority is 100% true and DJT knows it. Otherwise, he would have brought a libel suit by now.
Only ppl who actually believe him calling something "fake" are his blind base. Everyone else can see through his B.S.
The current media empires are deep in it all together, they ignore actual news for their own fucking agendas. Riots, injuries, vandalism...
...all over the damn place at the hands of Antifa thugs and nobody on the news wants to say bad things about the "peaceful, black hooded"...
..."protesters" because they're on the same media side. The LEFT side. 

It wasn't until Trump called out their bullshit at Charlottesvil...
...that the media news started to, begrudgingly, cover Antifa violence as it should be. 

A comedian went undercover in one such group...
...he infiltrated the terror cell andcaught plans to incite violence and spread weapons first-hand. Yet why was the video evidence AND...
Doesn't this violate his oath of office?
Very! Now it seems the new standard is  artist.
If a report an actual lie, charge them with libel. But @realDonaldTrump calls everything reported that doesn't show him being a royal king as "fake".  He tells more lies than all the news stations combined and his cronies believe him. THAT is disgusting
Not disagreeing with you, just pointing out that libel is a tort not a crime. No matter what the media says, POTUS' only recourse is to sue
Thank you for your service, Senator.
So, if I write a story about you, let's say an anonymous source says you committed a murder 10 years ago, that's covered by the 1st Amend?
@abbydphillip that's part of the reason he is in office
Lying is an abuse of First Amendment privileges.  Forefathers never meant 1st Amend. 2B blank ticket for dishonesty. No blank tix for media!
We'er fed up with CIA Operation Mockingbird MSM is just lying propaganda
In this case the press represents the people, most of whom think Turdrump is disgusting. A danger to the US and the world. #ImpeachTrump
Miss being able to vote for you. Want to move to California sometime soon?
Please protect us from our president. A concerned American.
What's is disgusting is that Trump is allowed to tarnish and cheapen the hallowed American symbol know as the White House!  #25amendmentnow
Journalist should be truthful and honest...if not then you must want another Hitler who ran fake news .. BE HONEST journalist.
He’s bummed what they’re writing?Its civil compared to the things I say about him...daily.
MSM lying and twisting words & facts ,just like you Merkley is a disservice, dangerous and unethical. The American public deserves truth
That's right, Jeff.  Freedom
Journalism died when Obama became President stop your silly talk.  These are not journalists, they are however, over-paid personalities.
You however, grossly overpaid FOR your personality...they cheated you dude!!
There are many disgusting things, but 1st Am. isn’t one of them.I thought Potus took an oath to uphold the  Constitution, not defile it!Sad!
Oath or not, Trump's a pathological liar and can never be trusted. He'd swear on the Bible & turn around and do different!
I think bragging about grabbing women in their private areas is pretty disgusting.
This president doesn't respect law.
To our leadership we are in a divided era. These reasons of encouragement towards military might is only for one purpose. WAR. This is not
A word or phrase anyone around the world wants to hear or read. This needs to end.
@abbydphillip even if its not true???
Nope, that's libel, but Trump isn't actually against the press lying if it served his purpose. He rails against demonstrably true reports.
How did Oregon end up with such an ignominious nonentity as a Senator?
Thank you, Senator.
BTW not "anything" it's fact based journalism --something trump rightly fears.
You are apparently not watching. CNN or MSNBC.
You’re a clickbait hack.
The first amendment doesn't invalidate the fact that it is pure slander, propaganda, and cowardice from behind a desk. #MAGA
Most educated people view MSM as total BULLSHIT
Me to DJT: It's frankly disgusting DJT is able to say whatever he wants, but people are looking into it.
I call #BS as #TrumpIsFakeNews:
And if it was not true couldn’t he sue?
No, no law requires them to be truthful

He should move to Russia. It'd be more to his liking.
So if I write an article about you molesting children and sleeping with your mom, that's my first amendment right? No need to be accurate
I heard he is definitely a sick sob, he loves S+M and golden showers.., you can quote me on that just leave my name out
Trump loves "FOX News" which is not even a real news station. It's an entertainment channel. No reporters, just commentators. Not news.
None of them are real news, fox tells you what to think, the rest tell you what to feel
Lies are wrong and hurts entire country of course ppl have right to say it but it truly is disgusting
@SenJeffMerkley 
How can the attack on the press be stopped this is getting crazy
Thanks a concerned citizen
It got crazy Jan. 20th, 2017. There, fixed it for ya.
All anyone need to remember, would or could in a story means it Fake News!!
Also unnamed sources
So you feel the press can report anything with out verification.
Nope.  But that's not what the Senator is saying.
So you trust anything nbc and affiliates tell you.
You like to generalize, don't you?

Speech is *protected.  Big picture.
You jump for the 1st and 5th amendment but you sabotage the 2nd. Hypocrite.
Isn't it disgusting that the POTUS can tweet whatever he wants regardless of the ramifications. Talk about double standards.
So he doesn't have right to opinion but man has right to lie and say something is not a opinion but truth?
He's offended that the media exposes him based mostly on the facts Yet he tweets lies upon lies. Fact check it if you don't believe me
Better yet rephrase your question because it's somewhat rhetorical
You call it disgusting, @SenJeffMerkley. I call it the Second Amendment.
Trump is unfit to govern neither is Pence Remove them from the government now!
Bc they're not Democrats?  You're pathetic
I believe in freedom of the press.  I’m just wondering if their is any qualification or definition of the word “press.” Most is opinions now
I was just wondering about the qualifications of the Tangerine Kitten Grabbing no good for nothing scum bag
Are you referring to the greatest president we’ve had in a very long time?  The one that has the economy soaring?
@abbydphillip Fake news supported by a lazy senator who has no time to fix the ACA.
FAKE News
FAKE AMERICAN!!
Then it isn't press, it's fiction, senator.
Because @realDonaldTrump says so?
Jeff you are so right about this.
No, he's not
Yeah, he actually is.
Why? You say whatever the fuck you want to say and not a word of truth 
Impressive. Try reading the 2nd and 14th.
Isn’t it past time @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP that we got @realDonaldTrump out of the Presidency? He’s supposed to DEFEND the constitution
Well that constitution is getting in the way of his lies, propaganda and our believing that moronic crap he spews. #impeachtrump
Grow up
Trump sees truth as the enemy because truth will take him down. We support the press. We will depose the fascist in the White House.
Law&Order: Special Victimized POTUS Unit..
BumpBump!
Remember that just like you can't yell "Fire!" in a theater, you can't write bad things about me either! I am not to be mocked!
Literally love you @SenJeffMerkley
What this country needs more than anything right now is a source for news, actual news, that is credible, unbiased, and non-opinionated.
Trump is absolutely correct.
He needs to go. This isn't funny anymore. He threatens our Constitution with these tweets.
By thinking news outlets should be held to a standard of some kind, there is literally no law requires them to even try to be truthful
Your colleagues with R's next to their names have chosen to align themselves with a fascist.  They are enemies to this great Nation.
Google fascist. You're using it wrong and sound stupid
