Let's see action on Bannon and Miller, voter suppression, criminal justice, rights of immigrants and treatment of refugees.


Lets see action on Antifa, BLM, & Alt-left criminal actions of violence, riots & destruction of public property. Get off your ass Senator.
It astounds me that you go on twitter and bash POTUS. He is right I saw two hate groups in Charlottesville while the police stood down.
Which group showed up to Charlottesville as a torch wielding mob, and which group defended the city?
And you get no credibility for pushing this B.S.

President Trump denounced-in the strongest terms-ALL racism Probably didn't say it your way b/c doesn't kiss up to fake never-happy media.

What actions? The actions were on the part of the left wing racist hate mongers that created these problems in your party!
Barading POTUS for not calling out WH Natl's..get a grip, call out Dems creation of Antifa/BLM terrorists, instead u call counter protesters
Obama assumed and said nothing. Wasn't  out in front of ANYTHING!!!!! Your the same type of pussy.
Trump's been denouncing the Klan & White Supremacists for decades. But this time, Antifa was also doing the same kind of violent protests.
And what have YOU done for Oregonians lately?...That's what I thought.
Remember: Obama never denounced anyone.  Karma is coming
However...he dipped under that low bar farther with today's rant...uh..."press conference"...
You are such a LIAR! Trump denounced them before election & immediately after riots. Yet, a DEMOCRAT racist stabbed people in YOUR state!
You're not fixing thenproblem, you're part of it!
Why don't you eclipse yourself-we do not want to see you!
The teleprompter remarks Monday were written for him. Today's remarks reveal his true belief and support of alt-right & Nazi rhetoric
Yes,actions do speak louder. @TheDemocrats have one message - attack @realDonaldTrump  That's fine. 2018 will be very disappointing for you.
So how did you like his words today? Do something about that crazy man before he gets us all killed. #ImpeachTrumpNow
These ppl much less US Senators cannot be for real! This literally scares the  out of me! OMG 



When are you going to denounce ANTIFA & the destruction they are doing in cities    TIME FOR TERM LIMITS
Merkley--"YOUR LIES & BS WON'T HELP YOU IN ELECTION!!" TWEETS PROVE-THEY'RE "DESPERATE" TO SEE BANNON GO!
Why the hell are you even commenting on this. Your beloved Obama started all this shit 9 years ago. You don't decry BLM, AntiFa, and more!BS
In a very calm & professional manner (not to mention compassion) he called for peace & an end to this violence from all these groups!
@POTUS denounced violence on all sides, haven't seen one Dem denounce AntiFa, grow up, stop playing identity politics.
Oh sthu and get to work on obamacrap
Still waiting for you to denounce Antifa
There are other hate groups besides these. What is wrong with addressing all hate groups?
Yes and this action screams
We now what he is doing
Thank you for continuing to stand up against this insane presidency and repoing Oregon like a boss.
Why don't you denounce BLM, AntiFa, Muslim Brotherhood?  These are hate geoups! How about Soros. You're a worthless follower lib!
Armed,overt insurrectionists flying Nazi and Confederate flags are enemies, not fellow citizens. Please treat them as such.
Obama never condemned BLM when they led violent protests. What a hypocrite.
So true, Senator.
Democratic hate, violence, and use of resources will lead to bigger losses 2018. We will not be silenced.
But who is funding this global white supremacist movement?  http://aseyeseesit.blogspot.com/2017/08/charlottesville-battlefield-follow-money.html …
You don't get a mulligan on this. Your actions on Saturday count. Your attempt to take another shot on Monday doesn't. #Charlottesviille
Dud you denounce these groups as well as antifa and BLM?
Unfortunately you wouldn't give him credit if he said this day 1. Please stop playing party politics
What we need is to #CleanOutWH  now. #ImpeachTrumpNow
And no one, even @POTUS is calling out Antifa and BLM by name.  He's forced to include them in "others".  Call them all out!
It makes you question his values doesn't it.
Jeff, he deserves credit, he denounced the people who elected him to power. As their leader it must have been hard not screaming fake news!
I can do a 20 sec google search and see he did do this.....in 2000 on an NBC interview. You're full of BS @SenJeffMerkley
Oregon is a cess pool of liberal incompetence. New state motto: Oregon: good people and nature, horrible leadership.
He looked like someone (Kelly?) was threatening to leave if he didn't say the words. Looked like he was forced to apologize but miserable.
Not to mention if you listen to the audio, he puts much more empasis on "other hate groups." He might as well said, "Both sides" again.
Where is your outrage over the 9 deaths in Chicago this weekend Merkley? Unable to grandstand against Trump with that tragedy
Your just another Trump hating hack that keeps screaming useless talking points. Trump is correct. Hate on all sides
Then he goes on to re-tweet a racist's tweet about running someone over with a train.  Attacking the media with more fire and fury then KKK.
What is it merkley? Fraud, embezzlement, human trafficking? What is it that u r fighting to keep covered up??
How much Soros money have u taken Merkley? Or is it not about money for u? It's about keeping your corruption covered up?
Where were you when BLM burned down cities,shot down cops in cold blood! When ANTIFA violently disrupted "FREE SPEECH"at Berkeley? UR racist
When blood runs in the streets it will be because of people scumbags like Jeff Merkley and Maxine Waters
His words were weak. Actions speak louder. #fireGorka #fireBannon #fireMiller #impeachtrump no more White Supremists on taxpayers payroll!
thank you  - time to #impeach45
What about the left that showed up in helmets and carring baseball bats, oh that is Ok? They are all about violence.
DON'T EVN TRY 2GIVE THAT NAZI, COMMIE LOVNG TRUMP ANY CREDIT 4 'FINALLY'  BEING EMBARRASSEDLY FORCED 2FACE VIRGINIAS SAD SAD WEEKND.HES SICK
https://twitter.com/CajPaLa/status/897358174876913664 …
He managed to condemn the CEO of Merck, and then Merck itself within minutes of a perceived slight. But condemning Nazis took 48+ hours. SAD
Will you denounce Antifa and BLM terrorism??? As YOU said, "Actions speak louder than words", eh??
If I didn't know better I'd think getting trump to offend people who voted for him is the most important outcome you want from this tragedy.
https://twitter.com/4truthandreason/status/897317329880588288 …. Then here are some more words #words matter
Democrats and Obama ARE SCARED! Loretta Lynch: "Need more 'marching, blood, death on streets" - #Charlottesville 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=t9bquunDh1Y&feature=youtu.be …
It's still a much higher standard than anyone on the Left has aspired to!!!
Why not blame the Mayor who allowed them to demonstrate and holding back police from making arrests! Your days are numbered Merkley!
Agree, no credit!  Thank you, Senator Merkley!
Jeff you know that means nothing coming from someone who we know will not be happy with anything your president does.

If all states follow Illinois lead & declare neo-nazis a terrorist group, they'll lose their constitutional right to have hate rallies.
Have you sent a request that he remove Bannon Miller Gorka and Hyatt from the WH White Nationalist have no place there
Not a word @POTUS45 said today was believable. His words were no comfort to me and certainly no comfort to #HeatherHeyer's mother.
Man is up tonight retweeting alt-right figures. 
Seems like both words and action all at the same time.
I think we need to lower the bar.
Exactly!  Denouncing racism and bigotry and Nazism isn't hard. 45 should have said it Saturday. Today is to late and read from TelePrompTer
Is this the best you can do?!  Love how you are working to better the country!
Like the dog who finally after many failures goes on the paper and expects a treat! You are discredited by not doing the obviously rt thing!
Trump's inaction and silence was deafening ... & we are closer to civil war. This will embolden his fascistic goals and law&order bullshit.
He didn't write it and sure as hell didn't mean a word of it. Now he plans to pardon Joe Arpiao, for racial profiling. Didn't mean a thing.
You'd think it'd be a given, but he just can't criticize the people who say nice things about him. Like the KKK and the Neo-Nazis, his base.
is yet to apologize for the Dem party having a KKK guy 3rd in line for President- as late as 2010
I would like you @RonWyden @repblumenauer denounce #anfifa n #BlackLivesMatter has hate groups too.
But first he took credit for Obama's economy
So obvious that he was forced to make that statement. F.... him and all the republican politicians that continue to stand with him.Walden.
Yes your actions do speak louder than words.  RECALL Merkley!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nazis and socialists were incubated by the Democratic party long ago, along with white nationalists.  I haven't heard Dems apologize yet.
Trump/Nazi
No credit where none is due
Spinning much Merkley?
Then why do you denouce Antifa?

Thank you @SenJeffMerkley
And then proposes to pardon sheriff Arpaio, the convicted racial profiler.  There ya go America.
Can't wait for you to lose your seat.
Trump surrounds himself with bigoted Gorka Miller Bannon sessions birds of a feather flock together
Trump's statement was wimpy and indecisive ineffective way way too little too late
What is the matter with you?  The Pres. Is damned if he does and damned if he doesn't.  We need healing but you keep dividing. Shame on you!
Banish the Bannomites!
Time to prepare for impeachment!
Never believed him b/c he lies but seeing him read from a paper or teleprompter w/ the addition of his true intent "on many sides". Horrible
Yepp
Congress must remove dt NOW!
yep, it seems we were asking him to endorse antropofagia, which is cannibalism so #trump & those in the #AltRight can understand.
 thank you for speaking truth to power!!!!
Your pathetic.  The you want this country to come together while you preach divisiness
YES...and THATS JUST ONE OF HIS PROBLEMS!!
He then whined about it cuz he didn't get an attaboy and extra ice cream for a belated halfass read. My 9 yo nephew gave a better speech.
I agree, Please help us to remove this sick, sick man from office,
You ought to know  Sen MERKLEY.Do something for Oregonians &  cease the YADA YADA YADA YADA YADA YADA YADA
Cville = San Jose..Dem Mayor and Gov. Demand Cops Look the other Way as Real Americans Rights are Violated by people Criminals the Dems Paid
Oh FFS, he denounced ALL political violence immediately. Do you not want him denouncing your leftist violence too or something?
I have found that to be true Senator.
President Trump has done more good for this country in the short time he's been there than Obama did in 8 years. Quit your damn whining.
Yep, he was not even convincing, second graders can memorize & recite poems better than he read that speech,

Actions, not words.  #MondayMotivation  #TheResistance 
Couldn't agree more!! Do U want to run for president???? Please!!!!
As a member of Congress, you should know.
Congress=Inaction.
Pres. Trump should have ran out and spouted off b4 knowing the facts like BHO did and cost a bunch of people their lives.
Yep. I found those chants of "White Sharia now", "blood & soil", & "Heil Trump" subtle & in need of investigation prior to denouncing !
Theres a difference between speech and violence. Facts of the day are still being discovered. Trump isnt responsible, evil people are.
Trump has set the tone with his campaign bigotry & exhortations to his followers to violence. In my eyes, Trump is both evil & responsible.
Not to say it doesnt exist, but I havent seen evidence to suggest he is a bigot or racist, only ad hominem to that effect.
There are two tapes of him in his own wirds espousing eugenics & superior German blood. My skills preclude posting but you can Google.
While you are looking that up, you might also check out his comments on Judge Curiel who he claimed could not be impartial due to Mexican.
There is nothing ad hominem about his racist words from his own mouth as spoken on tape.
Trump should fire Bannon, Gorka & Miller if he means there is no tolerance .
The time 4 #courage n #leadership passed
Yes, it's very SAD.
#ImpeachTrump
@SenJeffMerkley I think he's got dementia, what a despicable 'leader'
Thank you, @SenJeffMerkley.
 I guess denouncing the #KKK, armed militia & other "white supremacist" #domesticterrorist groups is pulling TOO many teeth...#shameful

What are your plans to confront this travesty of government?  Daily tweets of disdain are getting as old as his twitter attacks
You're full of crap. @POTUS denounced hate prior to today. All you do is obstruct and cause division.
We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!
Trump is a bully. Bullys run away when they are confronted bcse they have no courage. 
Zero Credit for his Revised Hostage Commentary.
Denouncing Nazi violence, not actually denouncing Nazis. Weasel words.
Who put you in charge? The problem with democrats is that they turn a blind eye to those who do wrong on there side.
@SenJeffMerkley #Merkley2020

I voted for @GovGaryJohnson but pretty sure this would be your statement regardless.  I hope Dems get smacked in 2018 so transparent.
If Trump's base shrinks to mostly nazis, he'll resume pandering to them without hesitation; especially if they say nice things about him.
This is exactly why I can't take you seriously either.  tRump is a ahole so would u be comforted by his words? FOCUS on REAL problems
I agree, he did that speach cause everyone told him too, we all know that if it was up to him he would have just went with the racism ppl
Hillary kisses Grand Cyclops of the KKK, Racist Senate Majority Leader who she Chose as Her Senate Mentor!


Phony Democrat Racist Leadership  HONOR their KKK Cylcops Majority Leader Senator Bobby Byrd
There was always going to be a crisis he couldn't handle. The only outcome for Americans is his resignation.
Talk about low energy! Looked like dejected toddler who was told to hug Grandma, didn't want to, but did.
@realDonaldTrump your previous Non-answer speaks louder than your too little too late denouncement.
Like yours and the special interest that owns you
You mean "denouncing".  As in pro forma lip service...
impeach him. For the sake of America and the whole world, impeach him now. His is the swamp that needs draining!
Agree fully.
He was pressured to condemn them, he was reading from the TelePrompTer, he didn't feel it.
where were YOU when riots destroyed property and endangered lives in PORTLAND.. not a peep.. not even today.. you flaunt a double standard..
When you need your arm twisted to give a lukewarm condemnation of nazis you shame the White House and America.
Action: He will attend Helen Heyer's funeral
@JoyAnnReid @realDonaldTrump #25thAmendmentNow Unfit for the office; unfit for America.
True. Now go tell @MarkWarner that, please. He already gave 45* a "presidential" seal of approval.
Domestic terrorists, bigots and racists are his base!
It's not about what Trump said today. It's about what he didn't say yesterday.
Too little too late
Let's see if he pardons racist Sheriff Arpaio!
He father was proud of his KKK affiliation, it seems so was DONALD!
We'll see if his actions include 
#FireBannon 
#FireGorka 
#FireMiller

No one, with good sense,believes what trump said today especially with Prez Bannon (alt right), Miller,Sessions ,Gorka (racists)n WH/cabinet
real men better start standing up. donald whipped up this chaos over the last year or more and everyone stayed silent. might be too late
The *delay* was his actual response. Took that long for his people to talk him into it, then they had to write it. It's all just BS.
He never named them as actually being at that riot, nor did he state that it was an act of terrorism. They are his friends and supporters.
Oh, but he will get credit; will get asked a few ??, will ignore, will tweet some other crap, will slink off into his cave, untouched.
Everything's just swimmingly.
And now, ever republican needs to denounce him, so we can get back to fixing America without him. When will they have finally had enough ?
Once again...why did he add  "...and other hate groups..."? Did he mean BLM???
His politically forced statement today was ONE BIG FAT LIE 
I can see Trump stomping his feet and saying "I READ it! Why dont you LOVE MEEEE? WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME??? NOT FAIRRRRRRRR!"
Yes insisting Pres.Obama & Dems had to say radical islamic terrorists but he can't say radical white nationalists or supremacists #hypocrisy
Thank you for standing up to Trump and holding him accountable.  Keep up the good work.
Thank you! I have seen too many today praising his words, which were staggering insufficient, scripted and came far too late to have meaning
Exactly, let's see what he does. Hopefully, get rid of his "advisors" starting with #FireBannon #FireGorka
