I hope they have to reimburse for EVERY trip that they have made together on the backs of taxpayers.  Nice swamp Trump has filled for us.
Impeach NOW!
He learned that at Goldman-Sachs. Does what he can get away with, not what's right or honorable: the ethical bar in Trump's administration.
To *45's cabinet the sin of not owning your own jet is greater than the sin of getting the American taxpayer to pay for your private flight.
Priviledge trumps the bourgeois I guess.
He believes in GREED read too much Ayn Rand.
Pelosi used the Air Force aircraft 4 a total of 85 trips, 206,264 miles, 3/ 2/09 thru 6/7/10. Pelosi,guests & AF personnel logged 428.6 hrs
Yeah i hope you land europe before me.
Did i mention i knida got somenkgn stassi freinds to.
Grotesque entitlement!
#noethics
Why hasn't he been fired yet? Air Force planes are not his personal planes to use at will. ie: flying to watch eclipse from Fort Knox.
How could anyone think it's ok to fleece millions of $$ from s & foreclose their  during the mortgage crisis?

THATS NOT SMART...
The un-ethical tone is being set at the top.  (#MaraLago , #trump properties, #russian money laundering, the list goes on as you know).
Your job is not sowing seeds of discontent. #DoYourJob #Legislate #StopFightingStartTalking
No, I'm saying we have enough division in this country without our politicians continually badmouthing one other. Both sides.
HUBRIS
pure evil, thoughtless and selfish -
This is why 2018 is so important! 'WE', have to root em out!
It's his white privilege mind set. He thinks it's his right 2 bilk the taxpayers. He feels entitled just like the rest of Trumps cabinet
He said his "staff" wanted him to have it.
Is there no accountability for this flagrant abuse of power by @stevenmnuchin1 in this Administration???
you mean like obama when he went all over the world 10 times.
At least he wasn't going to meet on a tarmac with a former President about his wife's Illegal actions.
Entitlements for Boardroom Trumpies; austerity for the masses.
Did you forget this man profitted by foreclosing during the 2008 financial crisis - foreclosing in non-white areas. (no surprise)
It's their POWER that makes them feel entitled.
While they keep us divided, with our Solidarity broken, they will continue to Rule.
Because he doesn't care
Horrible optics
He can't.   Can you do something about this,  Senator?
I agree. And how about Pelosi and Schumer collaborating with Hitler? Oops. Trump
Why was it okay to take "mother jefferson" on all obamas vacations on our dime? And michaels dog on a seperate AF jet to hawaii?
Have you seen the clothes his wife wears? He's going to need every penny he has.
Privilege.
She called pelooser
Get real Merkley.  This is fake news started by the CNN, MSNBC etc.
National security is his justification.
Someone who doesn't have to figuring out a budget that can include school books for their children..if only they skip a Doctor's Appt. again
Yup did i mention 4 germans built cia and i have the warrant to rights including rockafellar
So this is the part where mueller gets my foriegn agent paper work and goes oh i fd up fbi shares jurisdiction with the rockstar cia proorie
Because he is greedy, self absorbed, lacks integrity, unconscionable.. he works for Trump, so this is no surprise.
The same way you pass a healthcare bill and exempt yourself from it.
How could anyone worth $300 million not support #MealsonWheels, & ask us to pay for jetting him around. How could Pence support such greed?
if only you were empowered to do something about that
It's because all of them are living under the "Entitlement " clause.
#draintheswamp
Repulsive! Just like the entire cabinet
Air Force One is the company jet, don'cha know.......
Twitter folks 
David Cay Johnston's FREE LUNCH..
How the Wealthiest Americans Enrich Themselves @ Government Expense & Stick U With the Bill
A foreclosure king?
White fing privilege
He's just plain pluto-crazy if you ask me. 
Where were you when Obozo was in the White House?
mentality of an oligarch
The same way the Obamas used it for European shopping sprees on the government dime.
Must have been a socialist democrat, and was used too hand outs
This guy is a taker...curmudgeon. Won't buy Lego Batman DVD b/c he's producer. @stevenmnuchin1 & Wife make great Halloween characters.
Is that a rhetorical question 
nancy pelosi asked for her own private jumbo jet and you weren't whining about it.  why is that?
How do you think he became worth $300M
and why is congress allowing that?
@noupsell @ABC I could respond but I've overreached my appropriate language this week on twitter.
Let me phrase it another way; why would that woman be interested in him & what would he do 2 impress her?
Why, it's a matter of NATIONAL SECURITY!  The whole country might collapse if M'oochins aren't available every second for a call from Trump!
Grifters, all of them.
Ha ha! This is all that Mnuchin will be remembered for, via the soon-to-be-infamous clip of @MaxineWaters schooling his ass.
Fake News and by the way Senator you think your going to get me to pay anymore taxes to fund the slaughter of children? You sir are evil
Maybe air force jets are "funner" than all the other toys he has.
The resl story not LeftSnark....
Unbelievably arrogant
No...he just wanted to use the opportunity to take advantage of the system.  Isn't that how he became a millionaire?  Plus, he's so creepy!
Thereal story...
They are not in it "to serve". They are in it for the presumed perks of privilege. It is so disgusting!
I'm not surprised at all! This man made millions robbing people blind!
In a word? Entitlement.
The entire group demonstrates very poor decision making.
Obama did it for 8 years when he and the family flew all over the world
It's always the man worth $300m that feels he's entitled to this sorta shit (and so much more).
He didn't amass 300m by *not* swindling, right?
I doubt if he heard the word no very much when he was scamming ppl out of their houses at Goldman Sachs.
Oh frm ABC?  MAY NOT EVEN BE TRUE. PROVE IT THERE JEFFY.
How about all the millions tha communist traitor obummer wasted?  U ppl dont realize u r hired servants. U wish to be our masters.
Rich + White + Male = Entitled.
A self entitled kleptocratic grifter who thinks he is above the law.
"decided the use of military aircraft was "unnecessary" after it became apparent that other methods for secure communication were available.
As you know....As a Nation Security Member he needs to be in communication when found an alternative, he cancelled request..tell truth,
They get use to the high life
Who does he think he is Nancy Pelosi?
What about their haughty, brand name soaked eclipse junket? #grifters
He got a red Porsche for his 16th birthday. (So did his brother....)
Jeff, I also got a red porsche for my 16th birthday and I am from Oregon.
The bigger question is: why did she marry him (besides his money)?
um...a GreedyOldPrick Republican. #Duh
Why didn't he buy his own jet? Elitists are som appalling.
Time for them to be OUT
Seriously, you don't take a government job for the perks.
3rd wife.
.@SenatorEnzi .@SenJohnBarrasso What are you DOING about this? #DoYourJobCongress !
Having DELUSIONS OF GRANDEUR bc of his new job? Or being a shameless & greedy jerk?
He's the Foreclosure King--ethics and decency aren't a part of his worldview.
Greed has no end point. Its a disease.
They don't think it's okay, they just think they can get away with it. Impunity for this Administration's ploys needs to stop immediately.
Especially when he wanted to cut meals on wheels....
He's just a do gooder that thinks he can have anything he and his high brand wife can get while we're out here working our tails off
Deplorable.
For this particular man and those like him it's easy: they feel they are owed bc they are "job creators". Just read his wife's tweets....
Same guy who stood next to 45 while he made positive statements re: neonazis!
No longer in touch with reality it the rest of us!
Well hell, I going to ask for Abrams battle tank fully loaded. To go to the bank and ask for a loan!
He's the guy who took 80,000 homes away from families no compunction, no empathy, no integrity.
But you were fine with the Obamas doing it. 
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/mar/13/obama-first-lady-flew-separate-planes-la-same-day/ …
#hypocrite #notMySenator #turnORred #liberalsAreNuts
This is... not anywhere close to the same thing. Try harder tho
You're right...Obastards was worse.  #liberalsAreNuts
Buy your own plane
You can do such things when you are adorably out of touch.  Adorable entitled people that they are!  #deplorable
He's a total creep and how does one think he got all that money....
Rich people and corporations mooch too.  They are some of the biggest moochers. Oh, Politicians,  I guess they Mnuchin too.
These people think they're little gods. Everything is ok for them.
It boggles the mind.
The whole Trump admin sees No Problem with keeping their enormous wealth and spending taxpayer money every POSSIBLE chance they get.
You only think it's ok if you're an entitled kleptocrat who's made your fortune off of other people's money.
This is republican 101
Utter Gall
Greed is just a symptom of addiction to money (hoarding).
The right question is not that he requested it, did he get it?
Nope
Because like our President, he's a crook. We need to throw them all out and start over!!
Oh, if only!!
Ask the Clintons and Obamas
The corruption runs so deep.
I think you answered your own question
Just saying don't we have secure places in our embassy's and military bases around the world take a taxi there on your dime you have it
Biggest terrorist threat in Oregon right now is white extremists. Not really sure why you're worried about mexicans.
Ah, but look at the love in her eyes...like she's enroute to the gallows.
He wants to cut meals on wheels but thus is somehow OK?  #deplorable
He's a Republican. Friend of the Working Man.
Kleptomania?
Trump dragged the swamp and dredged up another greedy scumbag. Likes attract.
Thats why he has the $$$. He spends other peoples money...or steals their homes...
This administration and their families believe they are royalty. It's such a shame.
Most of the Congress seems to think so as well.
Uh............that would be someone who works for Donald Trump.
#entitled
He believed this because he is a selfish moron.
Here's the thing about rich people, money is their way of keeping score. If they can spend yours and keep theirs, they have Trumped you.
Paging @PressSec, another great example of a fireable offense. There are tons right around you. Getting it straight shouldn't be that hard.
Our fascist executive branch in action
Rich people are rich because they never spend their own money
Cuz his default face is "incredulous" n he couldn't get a woman unless he was "someone"
Simple. Taking from others is perhaps the most effective way to get to be worth $300 million. It's his thing.
Gee Honey, if the gov pays, then we have more money for fun!!!
It's called entitlement
That how people get wealthy -- having others pay instead of them.
That is a GROSS abuse of power and he should be FIRED for it!
nancy pelosi demanded a private jumbo jet
She dis fly on air force jets while she served a the speaker of the house. She's not now, and didn't want it for a honeymoon. Way different.
Because it's now the #TrumpSwamp Anything goes.  What used to be a scandal is now an everyday occurrence, forgotten quickly by next one
It's the mentality of the entire administration. Talk about #entitlement.
Shameful!!!
He's not of the right mind.
Because the culture around them is one of a boardroom, where they're being serviced, and not one of a public service. They serve themselves.
Someone who pays sooooooo much more taxes than the rest of us commoners.
Aren't they special though? Shouldn't those of us who get to bask in their specialness pay for them to be special? You Can't buy class...
Jealous
Same guy who wanted to impress the new wife by viewing the eclipse from on top of Fort Knox. Not cool, not cool at all.
Correction: he has 300 million. He's "worth" rather less
This is what happens when you work in the most corrupt administration in history
#LockThemUp
#ResistTrump
@stevenmnuchin1 @realDonaldTrump
OBAMA?
He learned it by watching Trump.
A new study suggests that being wealthy primes people to act like jerks.
The same person who thought it was ok to fly to Ft Knox to see the eclipse and whose wife pimps her products on Instagram
Someone who believes he's entitled.
Getting rid of people like him was supposed to be what "drain the swamp" was all about
It's not ok
