Hey millionaires, the #GOP has your back! They voted down my amendment that #NotOnePenny in tax cuts should go to the super-rich.
The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on?
.@gop is so wrong and so corrupt anymore. It's time to end the two party system. Just individual ideologies please. End electoral college 2
This  the electoral college only works with a two party system 

Amendment to end the electoral college
I support a Constitutional Amendment to get rid of the #ElectoralCollege. No tiny body of (538) men should over take the will of the people!
Ur a fool, try 2understand the construct of the electoral college,by design it ensures fairness,or heavy populated  states have more power
That was in 1791 when communication & populations were limited & spread out. Look at the migration patterns most Americans live in a city
Nice Political stunt. Companies put jobs where competitive. Their shareholders demand it. Officers have fiduciary obligation.
Of course they did because you actually proposed things that WILL grow an economy in a stable manner.
Good!!  I glad someone is taking a stand...
Sir, raising the taxes on companies is just passed on to the consumer.
Naturally.  The GOP has no interest in doing anything beneficial for this country.
I hope you guys demagogue the hell out of this. It is time to full class warfare. No more centrist bullshit.
How about ending tax break for all companies and having a minimum corp tax based on revenues for those making 100M or more
Good start but let's fix the reason they send business overseas in the 1st place #WUSA
They vote no when Dems had the majority too. Odd they never mention this!
American companies get tax breaks for shipping jobs overseas, but goods shipped between American ports get the Jones Act. #PuertoRicoRelief
Apparently America First, if it helps their bottom line, otherwise, Made Everywhere Else."
But their base continues to drink the kool-aid
#GOP is not fighting for America. They are lining their pockets while restricting middle-class life.

We are just so screwed No is their answer to everything but PAC $$$.
How is this MAGA! His supporters really chewed off a big wad of shit!
Fantastic @SenateMajLdr
Hang in there. Things will change next year.
Becuz GOP stands for globalist old party.
@realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan   what say ye?   GOP doesn't care about bringing jobs back just want those wealthy tax breaks
Of course they did... 
Wasn’t that one of Moron’s promises? That American businesses will stay in America? What a joke! They are all a joke! 

Thought Trump would be all over this in his “tax reform”. It was a campaign promise to ensure jobs not transferred out.
He is nothing but a liar
GOP Doubles down on outsourcing US jobs
At this point I don't why we are tolerating this nonsense! Every 1st world country has no confidence votes why don't we?!
Senator...thank you for keeping up the fight...the assault from the GOP is inhumane.
Of course they did their boss has  to keep stealing from the American economy!!
That's because we are the Corporate States of America. The GOP will never do anything that doesn't help corporations. Ever.
Of course.
Great idea, please don't give up on it. There will be a day when common sense prevails and greed is not the credo of majority of Republicans
Unbelievable!!!! Well maybe not if I think about it
Why did GOP vote this down?  Not enough breaks for ultra wealthy?  Where can we read the proposal? @SenCoryGardner @SenBennetCO
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR #GOPHATESUS #WANNABDICKTRAITOR #COMPROMISEDPRESIDENCY #IMPEACH
Because the #onceGOP & Those With More Than Enough #TWMTE want to get rid of as many of Those Without Enough ASAP #Outrageous #Shame #tcot
They wouldn't be billionaires if they had to pay workers a real wage with benefits,
the GOP can kiss my hiney.....
Middle Class Americans should be alarmed! I don’t like to use exclamation points but come on. What more proof is needed that GOP is for rich
Your proposal is so excellent. I have hoped someone would do this. Sickens me .@GOP has become so corrupt. #NotOnePenny tax cut for rich.
@GOP = GreedOverPeople
What do we expect?
If your name ain't Koch they don't care
I don't think the govt wants to fix the infrastructure. They want to divide the work up and sell it to the highest bidder.
That's crazy. Why would they vote no?? We MUST clean House & Senate of as many @GOP as we can. They do NOT give a rat's a$$about ppl of 
Are these senators for real! You can't legislate jobs back to US and maintain SofLiving and wealth created.  You can't turn clock back!
Way To Go @SenJeffMerkley !!!!!
Go figure
To understand Republicans you have to follow the money. They will always oppose ending tax breaks for their companies.
GOP wants tax break and keep all their deductions. Totally unfair for everyone else.
Funny, isn't that kind of along the lines of what Trump said he was going to do throughout his campaign? Of course he lied though.
What a surprise, just when I thought they couldn't get anymore rotten. There is no way they care about this country.
Give me more on this. I want facts. Companies are raping the citizens of the USA and they need to be hit hard for shipping jos over seas!
Of course they did
Disgusting GOP 
It's a no brainer, in my opinion.  Thanks for saving jobs for Americans.
What is wrong with GOP? @SenMerkley your idea makes complete sense. Also,  wasn't trump going to penalize companies who took jobs out of ?
No Shit! GOP has no idea who the pesky middle class is.  The ones who pay the BILLS!  VOTE the GOP & Moron Trump OUT! They don't care!!!
@realDonaldTrump I thought you ran on this premise. Help him out with your friends in the #GOP
But of course they did.
This has to be a joke, right?
Outsourcing is the real source of high-paying job loss, not the immigrants.
The GOP hates America and it’s people
Correct!
MAGA
@artsycarol "Rebuild America".  The only slogan you need, the only action we need.
So much for made in America. GOP says one thing, does another. Elected on lies, govern with lies. Making corruption normalized. 
The @SenateGOP are evil.
@GOP #morons will never vote 4 anything that helps US Choosing 2 destroy lives of #poor #elderly #kids #disabled #middleclass Giving2 #Rich
Thanku 4 trying Senator...we r just going to VOTE THEM OUT OF OFFICE...#GOPFAILINGAMERICA.
Unbelievable
They ran on bringing the jobs home. Pathological liars.
Eliminate: tax subsidies for big oil; taxpayer-funded sports stadiums for billionaires; over $40-billion beyond what the pengtagon requested
So much for MAGA- it's all about make the rich richer: MRR! & appease the base with the BS social issues-easy marks
What?!
Of course they did!
@GOP Schizophrenic !
#MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
But they want to raise taxes on the middle class
They would have to end breaks for Trump companies then.
This needs to retweeted millions of times! Every voter in America needs to see this
This is the first thing you ever said that may make sense. Maybe hope for you yet
GOP motto lets keep taking from the middle class, and punish the  poor. Did you hear about Bengazi, oh God you know im a Christian
Wow, another thing you said I agree with.
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP @GOP have never been known to support jobs in the US - yet they insist everyone should have one. America first? NOPE.
They really suck at this governing thing don't they?  Your proposal sound like a win-win for the US. Their heads are stuck up in a uterus.
The GOP would do that wouldn't they? Yet to see them do anything towards the good of our beautiful country. These people are not patriots!
Because...Jesus.
What a surprise. Anything good for the USA is a GOP no!
@GOP ?????  What MAGA. Oh yeah that means My Aggression Goes Abounding. MAGA
You didn't include enough incentives for millionaires to make more silly!
Of course the GOP did. In the absence of any GOP Lucid Legistlation, the only thing they know is "No." Ask em "Know what I mean?" 
"Ah No" 
Because of course they did.
THE GOP ARE UN-AMERICAN TRAITORS AND THEIR PARTY AND PLATFORM HAS TO BE VOTED http://AWAY.WATCH  BANNON AND HIS ILK TRY TO TAKE OVER!
Of course they did, because they’re being bought out by big business and Russia and lining their pockets with our tax money
Fuel for 2018 ads.
They're just a-writin' themselves.
The GOP is insane. They never want to do anything that would actually help the average American. And what has been accomplished they want to destroy. #VoteBlue
The GOP ONLY cares about RICH WHITE people.
Thank you for trying..please keep trying we need some hope!
Thank you, Senator Merkley.
Right. God forbid they cut their profits using slave labour overseas and refuse to create jobs in the US. Such hypocrites are the GOP.
What a surprise
@POTUS @SenateGOP @HouseGOP once again are lying to their ignorant blue-collar devotees about jobs, jobs, jobs. I have no empathy 4 them.
Because they o ky want to help the richest
SAD
Thank you for being my Senator:)
Of course they did, Republicans seem to be in a mission to destroy our country. 
Greed is a powerful thing!
Of course they did, they are only for the wealthy.
Sounds typical. It's all lip service for Rebs, unless they are getting real money from a lobby to actually support what they say.
Put a pin in this for a campaign ad in 2018.
Keep trying Senator Merkley. We support you.
They get better tax breaks in nearly every country in Europe, that's why they are here. We will gladly take all the jobs too. Keep going..
Love it.
Of course - GOP wants no middle class or poor class - they want us to be 3rd world
But then they wouldn't make as much money at others expense, only an enormous amount of money at people's expense! Unacceptable!
Of course they did.
Maybe congress needs to spend its time stopping our president from slaughtering millions of people while he destroys our country.
Of course they did
Of course. There's few things the @GOP hates more than working class people.
That would require Trump and Ivanka to stop making their products overseas, right.Oh wait, laws are for everybody else, not the Trump family
@bannerite you are right, they are so wrong.
If your bill doesn't at least put a minority in a life threatening position, the #RWS aka #Republicant once Republican Party will vote NO
Imagine that
At this point the GOP's hypocrisy knows no bounds. "America First" my eye...
Well you know, #MAGA and all.
Of course they did
Wow. GOP is a waste of our time.
gee - and we thought that was one of Bigly's big projects - you know - American First? #impeachthemoron
i thought so too
GOP sucks.
Wow Jeff, how long have you been in this position and you're just supposedly coming to this conclusion now!

The Resistance thanks you, Senator Merkley.   Can a MAGA person please justify this GOP move? How does it help America?
companies have no incentive to bring jobs back here to the states. they are going to take their Tax cuts all the way to some foreign bank
Including Trump's
Of course they did. Have no interest in infrastructure jobs. Thanks Senator Merkley for being there and trying day after day. Your my hero!
I agree! Plus make the rich pay the same tax rate as the middle-class and the poor!
Jeff did you really think the Russian Puppets would want to do right by the U.S.A..?
thank u for working hard
I think since they want to sell off our infrastructure they couldn't give a 
Anyone from GOP like to explain logic of the no? Clue: tax breaks.
Of course they did.  The GOP has no allegiance to this country or her people.  Anyone who believes otherwise is a fool.
DIdn't Trump get elected because he promised to bring jobs back from overseas?!?
That isn’t surprising. They are putting in the final nails to create a true oligarchy. This is Trump’s true goal. And he’s winning.
Of course they did. They are for American jobs and American workers in words only, never in deeds.
Your plan would actually make America great again, but we know the GOP motives!
Thanks, Sen. Merkley, for at least putting it up for a vote and making them say "No" publicly.  Proud to have you representing Oregon.
Keep on fighting the good fight against the "criminal wealthy", they need to be taught that government is for the people, not big money
I thought GOP was all about keeping jobs in USA. Looks like it was just empty words. Silly me believing in them.
Eliminaing that tax break can be done with tax reform @realDonaldTrump opposes shipping jobs overseas & may want that included in tax reform
Thank you for your attempt to do what will help Americans. GOP is in it for themselves and the wealthy.
I guess this is GOP definition of MAGA?!?!?
Republicans hate our country. They back a treasonous regime hellbent on our destruction from within and without. Their payoff is blood money
Exactly
Keep fighting Sen. we are with you.
I like you, but about 3 decades too late!
Save all that paperwork, Senator; we'll need it after we #FlipItBlue! Thank you for fighting on, even in this nightmare of a White House.
Of course they did
I admire your dedication and appreciate all you try to do.
that makes two of us
You're lying again.
More taxes, dumb!  Pres. Trump has a much better plan!
Thank you senator Merkley for trying.
Keep on pushing on your side. We'll keep calling, writing and protesting.
Someday I’ll figure out why people vote Republican. 
Of course. Did they refund CHIP or community health centers.
What about Trumps plan to bring jobs back???? Did the boys in the senate forget ?
I was just thinking that myself!
Keep pushing for it. Keep it in the news. And good luck, 
Why isn't this being reported by @FoxNews ?
Keep fighting, Senator!
Dog and pony
Can we get a list of the no voters? Time to spread their shame.
Is it true that $10 bill approved for Trumps wall?  Might as well burn the money.
It'll be moved to his reelection funds, don't you think?
That would kill @IvankaTrump product line. Administration purposes one thing while doing the opposite. Shock & awe. Another Trump liar.
Thank you for trying.
What did you propose about gun control?
unbelievable!!
The upper income individuals pay 51% of the total tax revenue. Democrats love high taxes more than middle class Americans.
Please let us know what else was in the bill for this not to have the backing. Please don't play games. You may have portland libs fooled.
GOP will ALWAYS take the side of the corporation over the worker. Corporations pay better, and it's not in their interest to hire Americans.
False narrative

I we all (politicians) just stopped pretending the other side is the enemy of the state then perhaps we could get some work done.
What did you expect...they always obey there masters
DOA.  Terminating the stupid trade treaties you socialist pigs negotiated will solve that.
Why did they say no?
Thank You for trying! Keep up the good work.
Isn’t that kind of what trump promised he would supposedly do when elected ??
Who's voting for these jerks? Hope you will consider running for Prez. someday in a better and hopefully wiser U.S. #Progressives
