RT if you agree: the US should have a seat at the table in the @UN process to #ActOnClimate. That’s what my amendment is about.
Despite @RealDonaldTrump’s dangerous #ParisAgreement decision & unwillingness to act, we can & will fight back to combat #climatedisruption.
Please know that I spent my week off work reaching out to all sitting Senators/Pass Tax Reform. Don't let divisive power rule ur seat. HELP!
Wow, how is this possible?
Is Trump flipping a coin to make decisions now?
It couldn't make worst decisions.
50/50 odds would be an improvement for @realDonaldTrump.
Magic 8 ball for president.

Thank you.
Thanks Jeff.  You continue to make Oregonians proud!
Thank you 
What ever that shit and their alternative motives will not stop them from going after trump 4 ETHNIC CLEANSING
That money can be spent better elsewhere. Stop wasting my tax dollars! Vote Merkley  out of office!
The biggest threat to you and your off spring is addressing climate change. All else comes second.
Throw all the money you want on Climate Change. It is not going to help Americans or the world. :)
What if the funds are used to supplement development of clean energy solutions? Take supplements from petroleum and divert to clean.
What are 'clean' energy solutions? One way or the other, every energy source is 'dirty'
Wind and solar are very clean. Good book to read = A WORLD TO LIVE IN by G. M. Wood well.
This is really great news! These dumbasses listening to Trump have had a Faux News conditioned response that mirrors a lobotomy.
hahahaha Math has never been a Democrat strong suit! Dumb to he last drop!
ACT OF TREASON!
The poorest people on the planet are collectively giving you a virtual high five and telling you to keep it up. Thanks for your leadership.
thank you Senator!  #BeInconvenient #climatechange

Climate change is real. Man made climate change is a hoax. Created in attempt to marginalize natural resources and to make the money.
Oh good, another panel of bureaucrats are safe. Thanks for lookin' out buddy.
Congratulations!!!! Thank you!!!
That's great.  Glad there is still some sanity down there.  Keep up the good work.
Way to go!
Thank you, Senator Merkley!
Thank you, Senator!!
Congrats @SenJeffMerkley nice job!
I wish I could just swallow that, without looking for the but, the if, the backdoor "deal" in which Trump profits. It's somewhere. Always.
Senate Appropriations Committee website explicitly being states otherwise. Chairman's office unable to clarify. ???
So why is subsidizing an international climate fraud conspiracy a "BIG VICTORY"?
Thank you for your tireless efforts, Mr. Merkley
Great timing!
Now if you could only fund decent healthcare, and location nased COLA for vets
Thank you!
Yeah!
Great news! The climate seems to be telling us it's furious the past two weeks.
OUR Amendment - focus on being a servant leader #TheMoreYouKnow
Bravo, that is wonderful to hear.
Do I have to wait for elections to vote for you and Sen. @RonWyden ? Once every 6 years just isn't enough.
Thank you!

Thank you Sen Merkley for your hard work.
Terrific keep up the good work!
Another 10 million dollars shot to hell. 10 million here,10 million there, pretty soon you're talking real money -paraphrase Everett Dirkson
Awesome! Great work
Keep up the good work! 
Boooooo. Throwing are money down a rat hole. What do you expect that money will get us? Publicly stunt for votes for you. Drain the swamp.
Another reason why we love you.

Thank you so much!!!
PRESIDENT TRUMP will never sign it and you know it.  This is just another "photo op" for loser Democrats--for their next campaign.
whoa!!
Boo
DOA
Yay!
There's money allocated to advertise ACA sign-up, too. They're not spending it. What makes you think these $$ will be spent?
Thanks for your consistent work to make the Senate, &government more broadly, aware that climate change is a critical challenge & takeaction
Whooooo ! Thank you and congratulations!
But didn't all the employees quit?
What a waste of money.
Are you donating your pay to the UN? Wasting taxpayers money is wrong.
Yea!!! Thanks Sen Merkley.

Well alright, Senator! Nice work.
Yes!!
Fabulous ! Congratulations  !
That money cost be spent on something we can fix. like roads, school, homeless, or #globalsupertanker for the fires.
Thank you!!!!!
For who?
Thank you Senator Merkley. Please know that your hard work & perseverance are greatly appreciated.
I love Oregon...my daughter lived in Ashland for 3 years.. andboth dem senators! Great!! Climate change is real with fires on West C/hurri
Oregon is a beautiful state. I've been there a few times... Yes, about climate change. Fires here in California and stronger hurricanes.
Thank you.
Thank you for your leadership
Well done, Jeff!!!
Great work. Why do you think bipartisan vote was possible on this amendment given corporate capture of Republicans by vested interests?
Thank you senator for your continuing hard work on this.
So proud you're my Senator!! Thank You 
A spot of good news for today indeed.  Thank you for sharing.
Good man!
Now get a climate test in place to stop all new fossil fuel exports!
Hard to believe. Thanks for your hard work and persistence. Hopefully we are nearing a tipping point against denial 
Well, we're nearing a tipping point that's for sure.  Wish it was just about deniers...
Thank you!  We need to #ActOnClimate  now more than ever
AGREED
I love it when my senator is on a roll! 
Thank you!!! Climate deniers should be ashamed!
What's a climate denier?  I have never met anybody that denies we have a climate.
Or anyone who denies the climate changes over time.
Yeah!!!!!!!
Yeah!
Thank you!!!
Thank you for your leadership. This is our one good created world. Our care for it reflects our faithfulness.
Thank you!
omg thank you
Thank you, Senator
Oh for joy Jeff! We can keep ranting about the climate that is changing because of government subsidies to toxic waste dumping corporations!

#ClimateAction
Thank you!
Great a boondoggle approved by ppl who disobey laws of this country. Lucky @realDonaldTrump is pissed off at @HouseGOP as he knows this is 
Bot and blocked troll
LOL!  That isn't actually going to clear the full Senate OR House.  The UN climate panel has been proven grotesquely negligent and a fraud.
Bot and blocked

A waste of tax money.
That's great. Keep it going.
Congratulations!
Great work.
Congratulations Senator Merkley on this important + crucially relevant accomplishment. This is the only good news I've read today.
Yes! Congratulations on an important success!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you so much! You represent the PEOPLE so well. 
Great Job, we appreciate your hard work!
You're the best!
Wowguess we say good by to a pile of money that does nothing that matters to climate change ! I want to know who voted 4/this !
Bot and blocked
terrific news. Climate change feels more and more like an immediate global problem; thank you for acting!
Congratulations @SenJeffMerkley 
@CollednStockfl1 is Either a loon or a bot either way blocked
Thank you so much. Excellent work, such good news.
Great news! Thank you
Wasting more $$$.
Awrsome! Thank you!
Congrats and thank you!
I figured that would take at least 5 more hurricanes this year to make happen.
Thank you! We must show the rest of the world we are willing to #ActOnClimate and do our part to avert total global disaster. No hyperbole.
Congratulations, great job
Excellent. :-D
YES!!! Thank you!
THANK YOU!
Because that's our gravest threat right now.....
You're a hero, Jeff, thank you!!!!
What's that going to cost us?
Bot
Great. Now get DACA kids safe! (Really, kudos in Climate)
Until DACA becomes codified even this great step isn't satisfying to me.
Thank you!
Glad to hear it
Yeah but allowed #Sessions to go after #StatesRights and #MedicalCannabisPatients. Bad trade
I'm taking all bets that the Rethuglicans will strip it out before the bill goes to @realDonaldTrump.
Did Trump really turn us down?
THANK YOU!
Great job! Thank you!
