Liar
Massive loop holes closed.  Guess what happens?!  Lies and more lies!
You're spreading #FakeNews 
This is a tax hike on Millionaires & middle class wage earners relief You're a millionaire! Pay your fair share
Sorry you are wrong
No, I've always been a middle-class net tax payer, never been subsidized by gov local fed or state. Pretty well informed about DC Beasts
And you think trumps tax plan is a tax hike in millionaires?
Quit knee jerking. Here's the basic outline.
where do you see millionaires get a tax hike?  And middle class gets a tax break?
Read it again. It's not hard
sad sad sad woman
It appears Trump has drained our government of experienced staff & replaced it with a royal aristocratic stagnant pool of Trump selfies.
Render unto Trump what are the middle class "tax cuts"
This is sickening.
@MoveOn @realDonaldTrump hahahahahahaha!

How many jobs are they supposed to generate with the "trickle down?"

You don't think everything the Democrats do is rigged Hillary should be in jail Comey should be in jail Obama left this guy out Obama jail
I'm a middle-class worker and I will benefit. The only ones who don't are the 49% that don't pay any taxes.
Merkley doesn't wants to Double the Standard TAX Deduction for the  Middle  Class or to force His Greedy Corporate NIKE GOGGLE APPLE  Billionaire Supporters to  bring their Billions back to USA to pay Taxes!
Donald Trump is a monster and so are his followers!  This is as evil as the regime's of Idi Amin and Juan Peron!
#LockThemUp! #SwampTheDrain #DrainTheSwamp
Where are the Mercers? At least give the masterminds their due.
I predicted this tweet yesterday prior to release of plan. So typical.  The plan raises taxes on the rich you liar.

No tax reform until we see trump's taxes.
So, your stance is FUCK MY FELLOW CITIZENS!
Will fight every step of the way to make this bill won't pass!  Viva America !!! The land of freedom! 
Poor 45 supporters you love it even when you get screwed.
Actually it helps the middle class all the way down and wil bring jobs back to our country. Thought a senator could figure that out. #MAGA
If corporate tax is lower more jobs will stay here or comeback. To expensive to do business here with the tax.
The cost of goods are more with higher tax, so we the people are paying the corporate tax. #DrainTheSwamp #MagalirMattum
Why does he keep saying that this is going to help poor and middle class? He is not rational at all.
@JoyAnnReid @CNN Trump Billionaires using planes on tax payer funds. All a bunch of liars, tramps and thieves! Our country is in decline!
Now that song is stuck in my head again. Thanks for that
Why would anyone worth as much as they are want to take a low paying Government job when they can make much more elsewhere?
And himself and his family!
.@SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan $2.2 Trillion Deficit 4 #CorporateTaxCut & #DeathTaxRepeal! @SenSchumer http://www.crfb.org/blogs/big-6-tax-framework-could-cost-22-trillion#.Wc0md8GjXGd.twitter … … via @budgethawks
Massive White Helmets Photo Cache Proves Hollywood Gave Oscar to Terrorist Group
So the only reason its bad for #ElCheattoe the #45th is he may get caught? 
#TrumpUniversity #TrumpFoundation #emolument #TrumpTaxReturns
Sen. Jeff might be the dumbest person in Washington,  OOPS I forgot about Bernie.
The insurance for a 100K house is radically different from a $100M house. The rich have more to lose, so need to pay MUCH higher taxes!
You're a freaking Liar Merkley
A larger zero tax bracket
Lower tax rates for individuals, providing relief to Middle Class American families
While those who don't end up in jail are on our way to serfdom.
Ted has been dumb down by CNN,  Ted, please don't speak in public without a grownup.
Don't put this jerk's face in your posts please. We've reached our limit. Enough we have to deal with him, don't need to glorify him.
Does 45 ever study up on the stuff he represents?  Dumbest President ever.
I think all he did was write Tax Reform on a napkin and handed it to GOP. And then says whatever he wants to abt it. All lies.
#healthcare & #mealsonwheels before tax reforms for the elites gain. #enoughwiththebullshit
@potus Senator are you worried that the surcharge will significantly impact your approximately 2.9 million net worth?
@realDonaldTrump can give billionaires all the tax breaks in the world and they'll still have no respect for him
You're a liar!
Clinton,Gore,Obama,Kenndy,Rockfeller.....
greed is evil

It is particularly obscene for Trump to repeal the estate tax which would provide a $269 billion tax break to the top 0.2%. 
We had this conversation before under Reagan(exploding deficits)Bush43(war) Kansas. CEO pay up 1200%; wages 4salaried workers? FLAT
Could you show us the proof, please?
Without even knowing anything about the plan I know it will be bad for the US & good for Trump and his donors. Like everything else he does
Still waiting for those tax returns, trump.

This #TaxReform could be custom made for trump.

No tax reform without trump tax returns.

Stop your lying and regurgitating Democratic talking points. The ACA is failing get to work fixing it.
And the middle class, and literally anyone with a job or wants a job. But you know, millionaires and billionaires!
Plus they get jet flights to anywhere and everywhere!
What a shitweasel.
Take a look at the money you got first before whining that you have less than others...
More juice money from Soros.
So what can we do to take this bunch down? From my point-of-view, it seems hopeless.  They spend $ like it's nothing & theirs to spend.
Senator, why don't you want to help those hurting? This plan helps those whose wages barely support their famlies. Do U not care?

Total net worth of top 5 Democrats:

555,089,000

Total net worth of top 5 Republicans: 

153,625,000

You sure you want to go with this?
Cite your source.

#Liberals before going to bed...
LMAO!!! Love it!

They're all corrupt and unqualified for ther perspective positions in office. This isn't TV, this is real life. -facepalm-
No tax reform until Trump releases his taxes. We the People have spoken. #ImpeachTrump

What are you talking about? You are a millionaire and I haven't seen any of your money in Oregonian pockets. You take-take-take in Oregon.
