dunno, I'm pretty cheerful about it. Thanks @AGSchneiderman #patriot #hero
What does this mean, in layman's terms?
Smart people are going to stop DOTUS from pardoning Team Treason.
DOTUS can't pardon Team Treason. Pardon power has been revoked.
Why does everyone keep saying DOTUS? I've missed something. Donald of the United States? Is this like Justin from Canada?
I won't type out his name it is what feeds him
Wish you could share but seems those in the know keep saying it's much worse than what has been reported. Keep up the good work!
This IS a thread running through many statements "worse than we imagined"---
Even Lindsey Graham said it's now a criminal investigation. Wouldn't be there if there weren't crimes that happened.
wondering about our national security....  
Best I can figure, might get kinda rough for a minute but if we all stand up and ACT, we'll beat these swine.
Some sort of let's roll moment in our history...
Radical non-violence. Defending the Constitution and rule of law. Onward---
Oregon is proud of you, Sen. Merkley.
Isn't this the guy with the unbelievable stamina who held the floor for countless hours for something he believed in??? That was awesome!
Yes!  It's him!  He is such an awesome, involved senator, with multiple town halls.
You have two great senators from OR! Incl @RonWyden  I've got crappy @SenCoryGardner . At least @SenBennetCO is pretty good.
We did get two great ones. I'm glad you have Gardner at least. Next election, I hope you have 2 great senators!
Thanks! Bennet is the decent one, and he's in until 2022. Gardner is Trump's fanboy and we're stuck w him until 2020. 
Both mine, @amyklobuchar and @SenFranken have been mentioned as @POTUS nominees in 2020. Proud to be from MN. #SKOL!
Al! I like Amy too, but what was she thinking inGarland for FBI Dir? (He has said he's not giving up the bench.) 45 wld fire him w/i .
No surprise. Trump is #UnfitToLead has colluded w/Russia #russiagate #DworkinReport & has made money off his position #EmolumentsClause
I don't say that to be rude, rather that this event is reason enough for us all to remember that nothing should be taken for granted. Ever.
Sums it all up really. Thank you.
Could you at least post a GIF representing the level of disturbing we're talking about?
Mensch is using your words to imply there's a sealed indictment for trump.Or were you disturbed by DAG's apathy in his role in Comey firing?
Pelosi President 2018
Trump/Pence Impeached and House turned Blue
If #FlipItAll2018, battle for Speaker will be a battle for POTUS. I say give it to HRC and repair the damage. Pence first, then trump.
Uhhhh.... that's it?
The fact that a Senator used the phrase "profoundly disturbing" tells you everything you need to know Cat. #ImpeachTrump
I agree totally -  just dying for the details. 
Crime bosses have one trusted and loyal man as their firewall, Flynn is that to Trump. "Stay strong?" Spoken like a man with a bromance?
He appointed Special Prosecutor without Trump approval Will Trump  him
Trump can't fire the Special Counsel.
Actually, he can. But it would be a VERY stupid thing to do.
When you put it that way, we should expect it any day now....
Specifics, please? Say, three top disturbing items?
Ok, I'll bite, what made you just think of this?
it's old
Oh
i am so grateful to have you as my senafor. you stand up for us in every important issue!!!
I don't believe he's done 1/100of what the Democrats have done
Get to it then.  Let's get this over with.  Mueller must be allowed to do his work.
I hope when I scroll up on twtr there is more to this tweet!
@SenJeffMerkley for President 2020!!
Please do tell
Go on....
No doubt in my mind that it was disturbing!
No shit?   How utterly unsurprising to those paying attention.
Seriously? We count on you guys for leadership... cryptic scary tweets are not leadership
Especially in that he avoided really answering any truly salient questions, while raising more questions still...
.do you think?
I'll bet it was profoundly disturbing and probably dispiriting as well. Worse yet, we may be stuck with DJT in the WH until 1/20/21. Sad.
Disturbing because things are coming to light or because the new guy is not doing the right thing?
Senate needs to #WithholdConsent on all business until #TrumpRussia investigation is resolved
I imagine international ring of ultra-rich organized crime sociopaths who wanna kill/enslave most of us. Worse than that?
Global oligarchy on a level we could not imagine
Once again, deepest gratitude for your hard work and integrity!
#NudePride I VOTE! Know what will help make America great? Freedom & EQUALITY 4 ALL including MILLIONS of nudists who VOTE! #BodyFreedom
This is typical of the constant BS being put out!  Scare people then go back into your office!  Poor choice Senator!
It's sad that it takes Congress so long to get profoundly disturbed. I mean "sad" sincerely. We the People have been so for a year!
Impeachment levels of disturbing?
What does this mean sir?
He let himself be used! God help him as he now Betrayed Comey. Appointing Mueller helps him little. He's now disposable to Trump #Rosenstein
It would be nice to know why and how. We're all hanging out here bracing ourselves to lose our health ins. and our planet.
Just woke up and noticed the circus, did you?
Please do not release any information that can jeopardize the investigation. The last thing I want is Trump getting off on a technicality.
The entire Trumo administration has been disturbing. Show me one person in it with an ounce of integrity. Keep up the good work. Proud of u!
*trump 
Everything to do with trump is profoundly disturbing. As is the man himself.
Ugh, I wish it was broadcasted.
Keep up the great work @SenJeffMerkley! I am proud you're our senator
Another BS tweet to stir up controversy.
Godspeed
?
I'd imagine so, but can you offer more on this?
Do tell? Dont keep us in suspense!! We'd all like to have a good & hopeful weekend!!
Wonder what this means... 
Don't know about anyone else, but it is unbearable to continue this way. Is our president a traitor? Are we safe from Putin? WTF??
But was it deeply troubling?
OMG! When will we, the American citizens, learn details!'
We are YOUR bosses
Thank you again @SenJeffMerkley Oregon proud! So glad you are on our side to fight for justice and truth for us all. HERO! #Merkley2020
Let's send them all to the ICE deportation centers to stay awhile.
Thank you for telling We, The People what you can. Some of you still remember you work for our benefit.  I appreciate it very much <3
I'm getting the idea this is not an administration, it's a regime.
This treason does not stop at @realDonaldTrump or @mike_pence Top half of @GOP knew and should rot in jail with them #TrumpRussiaCollusion
?
Merkley/Turner 2020
@Ithinkitscatchy  Well, can you tell us anything?
Yes, Senator! You got an impression to share?
Nice partisan tweet.
He's probably next to get fired.
Details?
@SenateDems He threw Comey under the bus to protect his job, then appointed Mueller to paint himself a hero? That is Republican slimy.
Tell us!
I'm thinking our voting was also affected most know about gerrymandering & suppression... this is also machines i.e. Guy in Barcelona
Can you elaborate?
Now you might understand how "disturbed" Americans have felt since Trump came on the scene
Will people be held accountable or will this be like Abu Ghraib? Everyone but a lowly pawn skates & truth is hidden b/c it's too disturbing
Crimes HAVE been committed
They get worse by the day
But let's all "wait patiently"
After all it's not like he has the launch codes
Oh -wait
Hmmmm
Can we PLEASE have a moratorium on the word "disturbing"? Say what you mean. Mean what you say.
How you imagine how bad Trump and company are going to mess up this foreign trip? Bigly!
Clean it all out. We can see this goes deep. Pres. Hatch?
That's not saying much now i think the American people  would like more specifics on what exactly occurred so we're better informed citizens
Battle of good vs. evil will be happening every day in America for many months to come. Be strong, #TheResistance 
agreed.....
And...... What is congress going to do about it?
LOCK. THEM. UP.
@Jerusal53393006 hey no one can complain like Texas with Cornyn and Cruz. Damn how did these jokers get elected.
This man has saved the USA!!!
The world knows they are all crooks! Hurry up USA!!
So stop with the rhetoric... fed up with 'profoundly disturbing,tut tut,what can we do' ...do something!!! This is what you are elected for!
Thank you for acting on your principles. We need more like you!
Also disturbing: tin foil hat crusader Sean Hannity issued a "CALL TO ARMS" on nat'l TV and suggested a "purge" of the "deep state" so yeah
Maybe that's why he called 4 an independent counsel; just to get rid of it! It's too hot!
Yikes. That's scary.
@th3j35t3r @funder @20committee @Evan_McMullin @mikefarb1
As in "this is so much worse than we thought"?
Like that his supporters were drugged at his racist rallies & will attack with Ted inbred Nugent if he's impeached? #resist
#Resistance! #TrumpRussia. #POTUS45 is #DangerouslyStupid!
and?
Tell us more!
And you will.....?
TELL US, JEFF. TELL US.
Hoping We the People learn more soon. Having Mr Trump in the WH frightens me. Is American safe? Are the Russians still seeking influence?
I thought all the senators talking to press right after looked shaken and freaked out. No wonder.
Merkley is very disturbing.
@forevercats Pretend I'm a Russian, and tell me what Rosenstein told the Senate! (Trump would.)
We would really like to have more details. That much is just frightening.
Listen for your Senator.If they are shocked,then they are clean.The ones who say it's nothing took Russian mob money through the R Party
Then they will go after the whole national R party for RICO.Probably a shit ton of em!
The Party itself guilty of RICO,how to run? No party.
Thank you, as an Oregonian, for fighting for the truth! Make them do what is right, always. Tough times, future deciding times, thank you.
Oooh, to have been a fly.
Thank you for your service. So proud to have you there!
Keep at it, senator.
I really wish I could say I was surprised by this.
RICO/money-laundering/mafia, rape, sex w/ minors, and human trafficking, what more is there? #resist
Should #45 be going abroad.  He'll just be repeating his Coast Guard commencement "I, Me, My" speech.

So was that cryptic, useless tweet, A-hole! Tell us or really just shut up, do your job, protect the country from #TRUMP, and shut up again.
Is there a transcript we can see?
What did he say?
And then.....
I'm in kansas. Local radio today, everyone thinks Trump totally innocent bc if he had been complicit with Russia it wd have leaked by now.
Go on....,,
Thank you for your courage.
We the people are tired. I am perefectly healthy according to the dr but im having chest pain daily. Please do what you can to protect U.S.
I am begging you to impeach @POTUS. He is a threat to our very democracy, dangerously unhinged, and UNFIT TO SERVE in every way. #LockHIMup
Sen. Merkley - America is worried. Many are scared. There is a madman in the WH.  Please don't leave us in the dark.  We need answers. Soon
What's taking so long? If things are this bad and the Feds know why are we allowing trump to fly overseas? Help us understand
Care to elaborate?
Greedy treasonous politicians are despicable - neoplasm on society - either party - make no difference - need to stop 
If the "disturbing" part is about 45, and investigation is going to take a year or more. HE is POTUS today with all the power that involves.
Vague statements like this are not enough for the public. We need real information, and soon. Select committee, public hearings.
ewww! 
When will we know how it went down?  We need to know. 4 months is way too long to have Trump with his daily chaos. It feels like 4 yrs.
Senator, I hope those Russian ships that stayed within our immediate shorelines with zero explanation from any party a few mo. Ago are topic
Its too bad that the GOP will do nothing to bring the politicians that are corrupt to justice instead they protect the dirty ones
Yo, tell us what the fuck is going on. This is my country, too.
be careful what you wish for 
So is everything. *gesturing broadly*
Aaaaand????
Trump is already throwing everybody under the bus. That's what he does best.
Come on, leak it. We have every right to know. Okay, so I know you won't leak so how about blink once 4 will be imed, twice 4 arrested.
now convince that old tortious in charge of the senate! McConnell will trade country for party to all ends
How disturbing , do the people of the country have the right to know?
Thank you Sen. Merkley, feels like we are all on the edge of a cliff, waiting to see if it will crack and break, dropping democracy with it.
Why do all of these guys say "profoundly disturbing"? Is it some kind of code word or secret vote they're taking?
I noticed that @LindseyGrahamSC seemed visibly shaken up in the presser. Now hearing this?  America deserves to know!  #TrumpCrimeFamily
At some pt, u Senators r going 2 have 2 admit 2 us that we have been in a declared war w/ Russia 4 over a year & they now control our nukes.
Ya don't say.
.Enough 4U 2 do something yet? #Resist #TrumpRussia #WeHaveKnownFor2Long
I want yall to understand. There is not just a criminal invest going on there is a counterespionage hunt going on. It will be ok pros got it
do tell.
So can you tell us why it's disturbing
Hard as it is we have to wait. How can anyone still not see how bad this man is. Stay strong Jeff.  We have your back!
Did he say that he has the evidence to imprison #treasonoustrump, but only House can impeach?
You can't be cryptic like that. 
America needs elaboration.
I wish the American public could be made aware.
We know your integrity Jeff, and though we want to know we have to "go high". Getting sick of it but I've got to believe this time good wins
In what way?
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachPence #ImpeachRyan #ImpeachMcConnell
I could tell that by the body language of the Senators and the solemnity
It's important for the future of the USA that Trump's behavior not become normalized in our expectations of the occupant of the Oval Office.
Can SOMEONE tell the public??? Posts like this don't help
Release it to the public. The American People deserve the TRUTH
Good or bad disturbing?
So...I shouldn't sleep?
Please tell me more.
Pls DM me or send to mweinbrg.law@gmail.com. Thank you.
IDK, I'm looking for a real American hero but I guess it's not a reasonable wish. Who is going to save our country from this #dictator? #sad
wish you all could give us more details.
Welcome to the shitshow
Do your best, Jeff!  I support you and trust you.
I hope they are investigating everyone who touched that campaign, including the adult children and son-in law.
In what way? Did he mention that almost the entire GOP is complicit in treason?
Get out! No way! Way to catch up with current events!
Thurs. Trump said Comey was fired in response to the Rosentein memo. Weds. he said he had long ago decided to fire Comey. Tues. he said ..
Graham seemed really disturbed but trying hard to keep it together during interviews right after the meeting.
So much so that he needs a distraction.
Same old Graham...talks out of both sides of his FORKED TONGUE 
Exactly.. I'm done with him.
Me too.
WELCOME TO OUR WORLD. #RipVanCongressPeople I guarantee you he didn't say ANYTHING we haven't read online ALREADY.
So, now what? Action or just gonna take an antacid for your troubles?
We've heard this before.  RMocs have thus far, found a way to push pass disturbing things.
Care to share?
Okay/ plz enlighten American voters
Good to see the qualifier 'profoundly' added but they've been saying it is 'disturbing' and 'concerning' for a while now. Time for action.
Do tell.
in what way?
