I just took the Seattle Underground tour, which requires ID.  Why isn't that considered an attack on touring rights?
The real idiots are the republicans and their gerrymandering the voting districts! Republicans are a waste of good air!!
Its not going to continue in the next election, #RepealAndReplaceTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow #25thAmendmentNow #Resist #Resistance #TrumpRussia
Oh, quit it!  We all know you cheat and it's now Game Over!
Game over!!! I couldn't agree more! @Catherine3684
It's not an attack on voting "rights" by requiring that every voter be a U.S. CITIZEN and AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE!!
Talk about a puppet show!  You should be ashamed of yourself Puppet. You should try being honorable and self determined sometime.
No! We need LEGAL voter empowerment!
Strange how all the instances of voter fraud are by and for dems. Wonder why people want some form of ID requirement?
Voter suppression is a myth.
Enforcing voter laws is only suppression to the Obama crowd!
Your insistence that there is no voter fraud is dangerous! More dangerous, democrats lack of desire to fix the fraud!
Denying dead ppl the right to vote is the ultimate form of voter suppression. #TheStruggleIsReal
Denying Russia hacking election was voter suppression!
No, only legal citizens should vote we have a right to not have our vote cancelled out by illegal citizens voting
If you have proof that illegals voted on a mass scale, I'd love to see it.  Feelings aren't facts.
11 California counties have more votes than registered voters.  That alone makes a case for needing checks and balances.
Registered voters don't equal votes.  But if they did...
Being registered to vote in two states isn't a crime as long as you only vote once.  It frequently happens as someone moves.
Voter fraud is a serious problem, when will liberals figure that out?
We are not a democratic republic, we are a constitutional republic.
"Get out the vote" used to be a bi-partisan effort until GOP realized the more people that voted, the more they lost.
VoterSuppression+Gerrymandering+RussiaHacking+DECADES of grooming by Fox, Limbaugh et al + "Election Integrity Commission" = #GOPCheat2Win
They're on the outs and they know it. Last ditch efforts to remain relevant. Democracy will prevail!
Have you look at a map lately?
I have...
Elections have consequences.
You got that right!

But it's not an excuse for GOP to de-legitimize future elections. Country over part - right?
I live in one party rule (Democrat) state. They gerrymander too. #justsaying
Voter ID should be mandatory to eliminate fraud. 
Why are you so afraid of Voter ID? Mexico has voter ID
https://www.hsdl.org/?view&did=29606 
Tell us when our constitution gave illegals, non-citizens, foreigners & even dead people the right to vote
Tell me when it was ok for trump to break our constitution, make up his own rules without congress approval?
We need to get as many new voters as possible. 
Since you can't claim the dead ones anymore?
Wtf?? Because id's are required, legal documentation!! Why wouldn't that ensure that no tampering was taking place??
@SenJeffMerkley south end hurtin bad after 9 years of Barry.  Toilet sandwich. Yum.
Voter Suppression. Uh-huh.
The same in Colombia. Regardless of  level of education or socio-economic status, all citizense have a Natoonal ID (voter ID).
Republicans have been trying to suppress voter right for decades. Now the fake president once again is talking out the side of his neck.

JW has warned California to clean up its messy voter registration lists - or else face a federal lawsuit: http://jwatch.us/yy1raN  

The only scam that went on was Russia propaganda against Hillary that was  hacking of our election! Really? You are blocked so don't reply
The only voters being suppressed are dead, illegal, and duplicate. #orpol
Narrowing voting rights down to original policy - land-owning, white men only policy - slowly, but surely!!!  Thanks GOP men in Congress!!!!
Get back in the kitchen.
Love my kitchen!!!
hee hee
We need Legal voters who are Alive!!!
They can only win by CHEATING !





Thank you Senator Merkley. Please ignore the bot and bot-like zombies. We're behind your efforts to fight for a democratic America.
What's dangerous is non citizens voting in our elections. I'm tired of folks thinking minorities R2 stupid 2 get an ID. They r  NOT STUPID
Ok one more. The American people want this to stop. #TrueTheVote
How many more articles would you like? #TrueTheVote
Apparently you missed this and hundreds of others like it.
70% approve of Voter ID! Secure the vote! Verify voter rolls, enforce voting laws, deny illegal aliens, felons  and dead from voting! Simple
Dems=widespread voter fraud, hence aggressive denials.
Why are clean elections considered an attract on voting rights? Why allow non Americans choose our leaders?
Oregonian here: you don't represent me!  No ID + ILLEGALS + Democratic only = VOTER FRAUD. Voter ID is NOT suppression!! It's FAIR!
@MelissaJPeltier @olgaNYC1211 Ladies we need a movement of women at the local and state level to organize & challenge voter suppression
League of Women Voters?
They have to mobilized as never before in every local - a very grassroots movement
Most take the same approach as was done on healthcare but focus on local and state election boards; governor
We need honest politicians managing the country under the law of the land not political rhetoric to summons illegal non registered voting.
Paper ballots. Default registration. Mail-in votes. Easy, open, fair, transparent, accountable! GOP cheats, can't win with odious policies.
We support voting rights for all Americans. Thank you. Plz continue to fight @realDonaldTrump paranoia & lies abt voter fraud. #illegitimate
No we need voter ID cards.  You don't get to vote if you are not a citizen.  It's that simple.
Do Something.
Somehow you nut jobs think having to produce a valid ID issuppressing voters.
We reed viters who are REGISTERED CITIZENS ! California has more voters than CITIZENS !! NO DEAD PPL ARE TO GITE!! Simple fact!
We need easy voting registration and vote by mail in all states.
Ha!
Fishing license  driving license Library card but voter ID is racist smh
Our voting rights are attacked every time an illegal vote is counted.  But stopping that does not get you any of those illegal votes.
Only #dumocrats cld claim requiring voter ID/Proof of US citizenship 2 vote, like almost every other country in world, is voter suppression
How many less votes would the Dems get if all votes were legal. That's what really scares you, GET HONEST ABOUT IT! No more corruption!!!!
crooks hang with crooks @TheDemocrats need illegal voters ,and they Still lose
Motor voter law is more dangerous
Derrrrr duhhhhh

Requiring identification is empowerment. We need our citizens, who have skin in the game, to vote. I have to show I.D.  to vote in AZ
I registered my kid for school. They needed my ID, his birth cert, and a utility bill proving I live in area. This is EDUCATION SUPPRESSION!
Oh bull
What a load of crap ! Trump means for there to be voting rights for Americans only and 1 vote each ! Dems. Want to keep voter fraud alive !
What insane world do you live in? Requiring an ID to vote is not suppression, fool. It guarantees validity.
Leaving the dead on voter registrations empowers the people? What people the dead people or the lying living people?
Is this guy stupid
I am so sadden to even know that a president of the United States fails to see that of the People and for the People is his authority.
WE NEED VOTER ID...why do you have such a problem with that???
Yeah, trying to suppress those dead folks and Mexicans from voting is against our Constitution. Good lookin' out.
Voter fraud is a HUGE problem. Illegal foreign aliens get fake ID, SS#,and drivers license in order to work. They are voting.
We need voters who are legal to vote, NOT warm bodies that tip the scale. Trump is right.
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley!
#VoterID Time to end VOTER FRAUD.
I love watching Loony Tunes but reading your leftist tweets is real enjoyment. Just when I think I've read maximum wack, boom U top it again
Worried about all those dead and imaginary constituents that won't get to vote are we?
If I need an ID to be seen @ the doctor, why not to vote?
Every country in the world has voter ID but the US.Democrats want illegals&dead people to vote.Obama was just on TV begging illegals to vote
honey we the people are all about that we just think that Dead people shouldn't vote and illegal people shouldn't vote 
So why do you have a problem with voter ID? Because you think it's ok for the dead and illegals to vote? Didn't work for you this time!!
Senator, what we want is for illegals and dead people to not negate our votes who are citizens and alive 
Hey Senator. Feel free to add to either side. DEMS need their base of fraudulent votes. Period. Start siding w/American citizens for a chg!
Oregon vote out Senator 
Jeff Merkel out.
Any Politician against voter ID is pro voter fraud.
Voter "rights" is not being suppressed. Voter fraud is being deterred to make sure voter "rights" is exercised and represented fairly.
Clean up the voter rolls, make voter ID the law of the land. I am fed up with paying for illegals lifestyle, then they steal my vote as well
Why are you demanding that illegals and noncitizens be able to vote? That is what happens when you don't have voter ID.
Your attack on Trump Admin is pure BS. WTP have a right for our vote to not be canceled by a voter that has no right to vote in our election
LOL! Dude, only people who don't want voters verified those who can't win legitimately! Not cause u should rally against-quite opposite!
if you're to stupid to get an ID or driver license you should'nt be allowed to vote! #MAGA
If you need ID to buy boozeor cash a check, what's wrong with needing it to vote? Nothing, unless you need illegal votes to win. 
We need LEGAL VOTER impowerment, tell me how having to have valid ID to vote is a danger to democracy ??
Trump said that from the beginning. She couldnt even get people to attend her rallys without their being bussed in. Probably #SorosFunded
4th grade tattletales.. Miss Teacher "Future pres Trumps attacking me he wants fair elections and is offending my mental capacity"! Fix It
Ivy league? Article 4 Section 4 US Constitution. Spin spin.
What is he doing to supress votes? Making sure that votes aren't cast by the dead and illegal?
TRUMP'S ATTACK ON DEAD PEOPLE AND ILLEGALS VOTING FOR DESPICABLE DEMOCRATS IS DANGEROUS FOR LIARS CHEATS AND THIEVES LIKE YOU! TRUMP! TRUMP!
I especially hate when over 100% of eligible voters in a district go to the polls.
One of the most deceitful tweets of the day and you know it. You should officially change your name to Senator Malarky.
Yeah I hate that you'll lose all the dead and illegal votes. Your cheating is about to come to an end!
I have 1 question for you what are you afraid most' that dead people or illegals won't be able to vote?
Show me ONE case where CITIZENS are having their votes suppressed Just bc YOU need illegals to win doesn't make it right
How is asking for ID voter suppression?
The outrageous hypocrisy of democrats is DEAFENING!! 
What we need is INTEGRITY in our voting system and VOTES.
Which American voter is being suppressed by voter ID laws? I'm very curious.
Unfortunately, you'll never have the guts to answer me truthfully.
So what is he REALLY saying?? Vote whether you're a citizen or not regardless of age??
Are you fearful you won't stay in office without legitimate voters?
States need to CLEAN UP their voter rolls 2 ensure voting INTEGRITY! Fake names, people voting twice/dead voters/non-citizens = VOTER FRAUD!
Lmao. We need legal citizens to vote. Not fraud. Like they have in 10 counties in CA.
We need a lot of cleaning up law and order we need to clean up voter fraud I want my one vote to count
VOTER FRAUD EXISTS> Virginia student was sentenced to 100 days in jail for registering names of DEAD VOTERS for Dems
No what we need is to make sure that everyone registered to vote is a US citizen and legally able to vote.
We WERE a constitutional republic!!
Hey dummy. Citizens with an ID can vote. Illegals can not. Stop with your lies.
Agreed, unless he knows about the fraud and is covering it, that would make him a Washington Insider. Guess he is not an Idiot.
Checking for clean voters rolls is not suppression
What about voter integrity?
Please explain to me how how @POTUS is attacking voter rights?Seriously, I would like an answer.
We're a CONSTITUTIONAL republic. Stop telling people we're a democracy. That's a lie.
Your argument is infuriating. It's voter CONFIRMATION - not suppression! What's dangerous to OUR democracy is non-citizens participating.
Don't worry Sally, you've got enough brainwashed libtards there to keep your seat.  The rest of the country wants fair elections though, k?
Voter suppression? By not wanting illegal votes? I prefer a fair election. By not supporting voter ID law you are the one attacking voters
Allowing non citizens or multiple fraudulent votes by one person IS an attack on citizens voting rights
It nullifies a right of a Citizen
Merkley: Hi I believe we should work together in DC unless it is working with GOP.
Merkley: Hi I believe all humans have rights unless they are babies in a womb, than it is OK to kill them
Merkley: Hi I believe it is racists to ask for ID to vote, but to schedule an appointment with me requires proof you live in my state.
Merkley: Hi I believe in taking guns away from citizens as I stand behind my armed guards.
Your kind of stupid is perfect for DC. Asking for ID to vote should be the norm to prevent voter fraud.
YEAH CUZ U WANT ILLEGALS TO VOTE? NOT HAPPENING
Yes asking for ID's to vote is soooo racist. Is asking for identification to get a driver license racist?
I think we need to wipe all voter rolls
To insure actual legal voters are registering
Why would anyone be against that?
Need voter ID's
There is no such thing as "voter suppression." But not requiring a valid ID to vote suppresses democracy. You must have won by fraud votes.
Why? Worried you won't be re-elected? Or worried your corrupt cronies won't be? Why worry if you have nothing to hide?
Do you know how demeaning it is to say we can not get an ID or know where voting places are and can't get there You are the racist
We need legitimate voting not illegal voting that has been done around the country
America needs a national voter ID to avoid any issues of voter fraud or suppression
You need ID to get on a plane or to travel abroad. Why not protect our elections. We need to make sure everyone is eligible to vote PERIOD.
1964 Irrelevant Voting Rights Act needs Full Repeal as well as Racist 1965 Immigration Act
merkley lying his ass off again.  pretty much any time he opens his mouth anymore.
Voter rights??? . You are defending non voter rights... every legitimate voter has all the rights they need. You want fraud! You are a fraud
How is clearing voter rolls of dead people, duplications and non-citizens attacking voter rights? Legitimate Voters are under attack!
It's what they do...Find a topic, scream bloody murder, offer no solution, then demand satisfaction to an imaginary problem.
Isn't screwing honest registered voters out of their vote kind of a problem to be screamed about besides illegal.
Got legislation that will protect in the States? How about updating voting machines.
Voting machines?
Oregon is 100% Vote by Mail !
Yay!!!!!
We hear your advocacy for Voter Fraud and we understand you...
I'm a 70 year old Oregon Voter and Not Once in all of those Years have I ever seen even one Voting irregularity that Benefitted Republicans
Disingenuous. No dead people, illegals, or duplicates should vote. You need ID for everything else and that does NOT deter anyone. Liar.
How are the following "suppressing voters"?

remove dead
remove illegals 
remove non-residents
TYPICAL DEMOCRAT VOTER REGISTRATION OFFICIAL !

Virginia college student gets 100 days in jail for registering dead voters for Democrats.
The only extremely dangerous are you & your lying @TheDemocrats associates! #MAGA

Attack on voting rights? What country are you in?
Why are you so against suppressing ILLEGAL voting? Afraid you might lose?  Why do Democrats have a problem following the law? @POTUS @VP
Trumps never attacked voter right liberals hurt your voter rights by pushing illegals to vote ppl to vote 2x and by sending ppl to use dead
What is your adversion to making sure that our voter rolls are in order?  That is the very definition of democracy

What the hell are you talking about? What's wrong with having living citizens vote? How does that impend voting rights?

No integrity or character, be real!
The only votes being suppressed are illegal votes.
Not quite....Dead people and Multiple Voters all vote Democrap !
Those would be illegal votes
Still playing the stupid game, but if youbwere honest you wouldn't have to lie! Dead people and illegals voting! You are a crook!
voting is a living citizens right and not having their vote cancelled by an illegal or dead person, is also our right.
Just thought I'd see how many right wing trolls you caught today.  Too many, unfortunately.  But you've still got my appreciation & vote!
What are you talking about? Nobody is being suppressed in this country. If you are illegally here you should not be voting.
Voting machines have viruses, pre-loaded and parking lots with multiple votes
You are a corrupt liberal. There is large scale voter fraud (144% of reg voters voted in LA county alone). Dems want this! Americans don't!
Since when is cracking down on breaking the law a bad thing?
Eight years about.
Next, will u say it is a threat 2 Democracy 2 require that people have a valid license 2 drive? Honest ppl don't object 2 checks & balances
Bullshit. Y'all want to make it harder for the poor and people of color to vote. That's why your reps enact these laws.
When non citizens and dead people vote it suppresses legitimate voters and you know it. Stats show that illegals & dead vote 4 your party
Yeah you know all about voter suppression, 2016 went against the Dem voters of Oregon votes.
How is verifying people's eligibility to vote a threat to democracy? 
Facilitating & engaging in voter fraud is the THREST TO DEMOCRACY
We  have to have voter Photo ID. ID's issued by MV Dept. Congress has messed around with to long as usual. Congress has the get work done.
@senjeffmerkley No, illegal voters is what is EXTREMELY DANGEROUS to our democracy! wake up and abide by election laws and morality!
It's not voter suppression, it's making sure there is no voter fraud..only votes suppressed would be fraudulent ones, how is that wrong?
Why are you so scared of auditing the voter rolls & voter ID? Why not ensure that only Americans are voting? You're a cheater & a liar.
What do you say we let all the southern states' residents cast undocumented votes in Oregon's state elections. Wonder how blue OR would be?
State the truth the questioned the voting.go
Uess what .ca. Is all messed up and we pay million so its correct. Pisses me off.
Having more voters than voting age citizens in California! It also means ALL registered to vote actually did which we know is a lie.
So up some state officials .ca Alex palida thinks its okay for illegals to vote and he runs .ca voting. How is that even possible.
you senator with all DUE respect, you are dead wrong....dead people and illegals have NO rights to vote....switch parties
Huge problem with elderly and proverty and he is working on voter rights. Yeah its rights of citizens no one else. 8 billion we look stupid
