Michael Flynn resigned as President Trump's national security adviser http://nyti.ms/2legIOz 
We need a full investigation into some of your actions also.  Maybe a RECALL Merkley would just solve the problem.
you know that we have the information you seek Keep pushin there we shall  #F17strike to support Impeachment #LockHimUp
- what about Tillerson and Ross? Russia ties cannot be overlooked. Repubs colluded (if inadvertently) through confirmations
,,
- exactly
I'm behind you! Tell us how we can help make this happen!!
@jasoninthehouse can investigate PBS but not 45* and Flynn! Hold his feet to the fire Senator Merkley!
Investigate!
Yes!  Stop the cover up NOW !
America actually needs you to stop being an obstructionist and help make America great again.
..
And what did she know and when
Follow the money. It's a "Trump attractant".
Agreed. Time to call for hearings NOW.
just like the Iran deal
don't let up on this. #russiatruth #russiagate
Keep pressure on @POTUS to tell the truth, officials must testify in person to #Ethics committee
Yes we do, thank you! I look forward to seeing what actions are taken.
Thank you!  Your leadership is critical now.  Oregon and the USA stands by you,  as you fight to save this country.
investigate and push @realDonaldTrump to release those tax returns! DJT has not told truths we cant believe him!
Going 2 keep insisting Mike "Machiavelli" Pence knew too. How is every1 giving this man a pass. Trump we know, but him...??
administration appears to have many ties to Russia. Congress must investigate now!
You should be fired.
please don't try and tell me you're a saint
isn't a traitor
get trump's tax returns
@nytimes No more benefit. No more doubt. Full investigation. #nomoredoubt
The election and presidency are so illegit, Clinton not Pence should replace 45 when he resigns or is impeached.
you know everyone in the administration is complicit.
better question what did oboma know about bengazi and when did he know four Americans died none with Flynn
I truly believe they all conspired...
Jason Chaffetz
UTAH: (801) 851-2500
DC: (202) 225-7751
Keep the pressure on - we deserve to know the full extent of the issues. Much  and support from rural Eastern Oregon.
please say something will actually be done and this won't just be overlooked when another "shocking" news story breaks...
Flynn Calls Russia and Resigns. Hillary Sells them 20% of our Uranium and made 150 Million... hmm...
Independent Commission NOW.
Yes!  Keep up the pressure and get GOP on board.  Where are @realDonaldTrump tax returns? #investigatetrump #russiagate
Reply to @SenJeffMerkley well we know sec of state hillary clinton sold favors to russia in exchange ofmoney
impeachment over consentual sex is far less serious than treason. #Impeach
So where the Hell are McCain and Grahm now?   I can't believe I actually thought they would #dotheirjobs.  Shame on them
And you conspired, with the worst person 2 ever reside in the white house, on the biggest fraud ever on America, THE ACA!
and you R conspiring with the u n 2 backdoor our 2nd Amendment on gun ownership via u n arms treaty, WE WON'T GIVE OUR GUNS!
nobody is taking your guns!
Drain the Swamp. 1 down and TRUMP to go! #ImpeachTrump, #UnfitToLead
@RonWyden go get 'em   
https://twitter.com/davebernstein/status/831524028993138688 …
https://twitter.com/davebernstein/status/831527187345993729 …
the people of Oregon want to know!! #merkley2020
...full public investigation into the leaks.
@nytimes No rest until we know extent of #45's involvement with Russia. If part of dossier is true, maybe it all is. ...Oil?
an investigation into the leaks would be prudent.
yes we do! Keep the pressure on!
YES!  Keep the investigations going, get them all out!
Please stay on this! It's treason. It's frightening. It's putting our country in danger.
exactly..keep pursuing a full investigation..this is bigger than Watergate.
@nytimes What the heck is wrong with your Republican colleagues? They should be calling for a full investigation.
DT, Bannon, Tillerson, Stone, Manafort. So, @RepPeterDeFazio, what about it? You rely on integrity o @jasoninthehouse?
I wish you would resign. Leave the President & his administration alone. Do something for Oregon anything GET TO WORK
this administration doesn't work for you. Wake up. Look at the money. #mostcorruptever
WH staff gossip:
Flynn is not the hottest story, look at the Poland-Belarus stuff
Trump-n-Putin will get another go-between
@RonWyden  Thanks for pushing this. pls tell us how regular citizens can help push for independent counsel
Might want to include Kushner in the group. Also Tillerson and even Sessions (advised Trump on foreign policy)
he shouldn't have resigned.. and you have better things to do.. no one asked Kate Brown to declare Oregon a sanctuary state
but every Oregonian will suffer the consequenses of that declaration.. where were you & where was your concern for Oregon..
they are going to tax coffee and old cars to make up for the lost federal money
since the left has controlled Oregon for over 12 years now coffee and old cars is all we have left to tax..
Don't stop until this happens! Full, public investigation is a must!
Flynn did not say that he mislead the President.  He needs to be asked about that.
isn't @jasoninthehouse responsible for that? Maybe he can convince @repgregwalden to give us a town hall too!
We should not be so ignorant as to see anyone on this planet as an enemy. We need to honor the fact that we are united.
You make me proud to have become an Oregonian last year. #Resist #KeepFighting
Thank you for your dedication to our republic. We need more like you in congress
As my Senator I really hope you #followthemoney This is NOT acceptable!
@nytimes I’m guessing most of the GOP in Congress have conspired with Russia given their silence on this matter.
Please make this a priority.  I don't understand why Dems aren't shouting from the rooftops about this
shouting from rooftops is literally all they can do
The GOP seems complicit at this point. If they are not, they wouldn't be so averse to an investigation...right?
Yes, but will @jasoninthehouse  investigate?  He doesn't seem the least bit willing to investigate @POTUS .  SHAMEFUL!

he needs to be locked up for this acts of treason.
Yes we do!
