Merkly you oppose everything.  Have you offered suggestions? Would be nice, for once,  if you supported America or did  something to fix OR.
U must of missed his all night 14:hour filibuster to oppose gorsuch.&he did it alone. If that's not "doing something" I don't know what is
But so unnecessary as Gorsuch follows the law & constitution & not political. Watching his confirmation hearings was refreshing.
We have different views I see.
BOTH parties unanimously approved of him as a Federal Circuit court judge. What changed? Dem obstructionism!
Yes, and it needs to be someone not already beholden to Trump
The Trump administration is making a mockery of the Oval office.
I saw by the conveyor belt of answers that all you Dems got same memo on what to say.  Thank the Lord above I left the Democratic Party.
U say that now that the politician Comey is gone? Where was your voice before?
I oppose U, puppet! You only say what your handlers allow! You are owned by the party. Not a free thinker. Shameful!
Thank you.  Lieberman is clearly not qualified.
Oh oh!  Are u going to do another all night filibuster?I learned so much that night thanks to u:) u are a true patriot sir.
You haven't failed us yet Jeff, Please continue in the fight to keep OUR AMERICA for the people! Thank you Senator, somebody on our side!
I will support you in this endeavor.  100% FBI Director need not have any political agenda. Thanks Sen Merkleu!
Joe Lieberman will not depiliticize the FBI.  He works for a law firm reping 45.  Resist J Lieberman at all costs.
We did, Comey was fired by demands from democrats!
You would obstruct mother Teresa from praying for women. You need to start working for us! We voted for Trump so work with him.
Thank you! It should be a career law enforcement official with a stellar, respected record.
Could you believe President Trump's speech today?   He was courageous!
A little late isn't it
Amen! Federal law enforcement EXPERIENCE is not OPTIONAL
Stop obstructing progress. You work for us. Get over it. Get to work!
Thank you
Did anyone ask the agent's of the FBI who would make a good FBI Director? A secret ballot wouldn't take very long
right! like heaven forbid they promote someone up from the ranks, y'know, who actually knows people and procedures there. smh.
You would oppose your own grandma if @realDonaldTrump appointed her. Liar. #notMySenator
Trump only appoints liars and crooks so if trump appointed Merkley's grandma I'm sure he would oppose her.
So you're saying Merkley and his family are liars and crooks? I agree #notMySenator
So make some suggestions so we can criticize your choices.
You'll oppose anyone until they give you a leftist that you call moderate.
Got a point there.
Thank you
Thank you
Please do not allow #Lieberman to be confirmed. Shut down the Senate if you have to.
jeez
Yes, thank you.
Thank you, @SenJeffMerkley!
We deserve no less than an unbiased FBI head with law enforcement experience. In other words, exactly what Trump does not want.
Thank you, Senator! So proud of how tirelessly you are working for Oregonians and all Americans. #resist
@JoeLieberman cost us the public option so he can go screw either way
Trump could literally appoint combo of mother Teresa, Mickey Mouse and JFK, and Dems would still vote no.
Yes.  I'd go to your fav Eric Holder!
Yes! Thx you, @SenJeffMerkley!
We oppose resisting senators.
You need to halt ALL presidential authority. Trump is under FBI investigation w/an indictment waiting.
Just wish there was a way to do it. Ideas?
Thank you, Senator. I heartily agree!
thank you!!!!!
Thank you Senator. Please also block health care and tax changes until the investigation into  Mr. Trump is complete. Thank you!
Nah, because we already depoliticized the presidency.
Lieberman lawyer in DT defense Law Firm
Nsugg as personal defense but to be Dir FBI
Politician=opposite separation of checks+balance
Leiberman is a huge democrat. The people our President would suggest you wouldn't accept no matter the background.

Thank you for doing a fine job of representing the citizens of Oregon
@SenBlumenthal @ChrisMurphyCT I'm from CT & don't want Joe as FBI head.  Find as non-partisan a candidate as possible. Don't let #45 win!
Absolutely! Especially with Lieberman's #conflictofinterest. Thank you!
Yes sir!
Thank-you!
Thank you.
Isn't there a conflict of interest between him & Trump? Wasn't he once his atty r worked at firm who represented Trump.
absolutely! I don't like LIEberman in any position at all, unless it's at home, staying out of politics
Thank you Senator.  Please make sure all Dems are on this also.  WTF Trump shouldn't be able to appoint anything at this point. #ComeyDay
Thank you Senator.  #Resist
hear! hear!
Thank you.
And he has legal connections to trump and company. Need someone with no connections to this administration.
Thank you! Are your colleagues on board?
Thank you. No confirmations until russia thing settled
Thank you, Senator Merkley. I agree: the FBI should not be headed by a politician.
I lived in CT when he ran as a 3rd party candidate to retain his Senate seat. He is not to be trusted.
thanku..he also worked at a law firm protecting trump
Agree.
Agreed. We need to call our Senators about this while we also speak to them about fixing the ACA.
Now if you could convince R's to do the same. They seem hell bent on enable really bad decisions from T. Do they remember they work for us?
Agreed.
Thanks for your unbridled integrity, senator! @ChuckGrassley @SenSchumer
Me too
I'm with you. 
His law firm represents Trump. Unacceptable.
@vickscan you should has no moral compass. Can easily be bought.
Lieberman may be in Trump's pocket

Thank you...NO to Lieberman!
We need someone with actual law enforcement background.
Thank you to my Senator for this principled and sensible stance.
Amen to that, Senator. Thank you for  your efforts.
What about this? Is it true?
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you some sanity!
Or, rather, we need to avoid politicizing it in the first place.
Thank you
TY for your common sense. Lieberman has no business in - or leading - the FBI. How is anyone on board w/ this - other than the guilty?
- We support this position. Thank you.
thank you Senator
YES! THANK YOU SENATOR MERKLEY!
You need your voting base in Portland to stop the collective emotional abuse it inflicts with riots. Already voting for Trump in 2020
Thank you
