Thank you!
Thank you for your tireless determination and commitment to OR and all Americans. Kudos!
Another big "Thank You"!!
Thank you, Senator.
Yet it still got 49 votes.
And you rock! Thank you for keeping us posted and engaged.
thank you for your hard work fighting this!
Thank you for being a stalwart warrior in defense of Obamacare!
Not saying "thank you" until its fixed.  Now get to work and stop your incessant whining. ACA is not sustainable!
A healthcare program that is not sustainable is a failure. Obummer & all Congressman should have ACA for their family insurance.
Thank you for defending us, Senator Merkley!
Thank you, Senator!!!
You are an embarrassment 2 the Senate and Oregon. The ACA mandate screws millions for not being able to afford sky high healthcare premiums
Proud to have you represent us Oregonians
And TOO MANY Rs still voted for it! Shame on them! This should not have been thisclose!
Thank you for all your efforts & persistence to hold the line against Rs who wanted the repeal ACA. Thank u @SenJeffMerkley  @SenateDems
Thank you for your effort to defeat this bill! You rock!
Thank you Jeff! Love the constant communication and looking out for us. Oregon is proud of you!
Thanks Senator Merkely!
Thank you for standing strong in this battle, Senator Merkley. Proud to have you, @RonWyden and @RepBonamici as my representatives 
Thank you for your tireless work on behalf of Oregonians and every citizen of this country.  We continue to be with you.
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley for fighting the good fight #GoodTrouble
Thank you, Senator-- for standing up for Oregonians and Americans. 
Please your faux outrage not helpful as we have a failing healthcare system all owned by you and #senatedems.
No different than when Obama Crammed Obamacare down our throats without one Republican vote. Now lets see Obamacare crash!
So you've never heard of Obamacare? Huh.
There's never been a bill more deserving of being defeated — the process was an embarrassment to the Senate, and the substance was awful.
Thank you!
Thank you for your hard work, Senator Merkley!
Thank you for fighting this atrocity!
Good job for standing up, speaking out and holding your ground for Americans.
How much time can it take for her to change or stay the way she is?
Thank you Senator for all your hard work.
Merkley 2020
@RonWyden THANK YOU for fighting for us. From the bottom of our hearts. You are our heroes!! 
Dear @SenJeffMerkley, Im a Delaware resident who has been awed at your tenacity & commitment. A lot of this is down to you. Thank you 
Proud to call you my Senator thank you!
Thank you for working so hard to hold onto healthcare. We  will continue to fight along with you!
Thank you, Senator! Please express my thanks to Senator Wyden as well! Thank you to Three Republicans who demonstrated their integrity!
But then you gave us the failing piece of crap Obama care. No one should listen to you.
thank you
Thank you sir!
Thanks, Jeff! By the way, your 15 hour filibuster was awe-inspiring!
Thank you.
ACA was awful!  I paid taxes for not having it for two years then found something affordable!  You can't force me to buy products!
@SenJeffMerkley Thank you!
Thank you for your fortitude and integrity. I'm deeply proud to be an Oregonian.
Moved here with the family last year from California. Having you and @RonWyden as our Senators was a huge factor. Thank you for doing right.
We did it! So glad to have you representing me tonight.
I cannot thank you & @RonWyden  enough for all your hard work to defeat this bill. Tears of relief tonight.
Thank you for all of your hard work and persistence for Oregonians!
Really?   Where were you when ACA was passed?  Huge fallacy!  If you like your doctor...if you like your plan... all lies!  Go to hell!
Great job Senator Merkley Oregon loves you
Thank you! What a crazy night.
Thank you
Love you, Senator!  Thank you for all your hard work!!
thank you for your "No" vote!!
Thank you!!
Thank you!
Thank you <3 The K Plan was saved!
Thanks for helping people to keep their healthcare!!
thank you we love you
Thank you!!
Thank you!!!!
Thank you Senator Merkley 
THANK YOU
Thank you, Senator.
Agreed. Now we have to fix ACA. Let's show more courage and get to work on that @chuckschumer @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain
Thank you senator
You are an Embarrassment & #Obama is a #Traitor YOU will be unmasked!
Thanks for your commitment!

Thank you for all your integrity and hard work 
2)I see a commercial on TV http://Blinkhealth.com  how are thwynable@to lower,prescription drugs and the Senate can't.
thank you for your leadership on this defeat!!
Thank you for your unending dedication. You have made Oregonians proud.
Thank you, Senator. I am so proud of you!
Thank you!! Thank you for working so hard for your constituents!
Thank you for your hard work
Thank you all for who voted against it. We can see some are looking out for us
It was painful to watch. Horrific display. Thank you for your vote and caring about Americans!
Thank you for all the work you and @RonWyden did to defeat this travesty - all Oregonians are grateful. 
Thank you from Portland OR 
Thank you so much'
Thank you so much for all you do, Senator Merkely.
You are also my guy
Thank you so much for standing up for the American people!
Thank you! Proud of my Oregon representation!
As a fellow Oregonian, I thank you.
Thank you Senator!  Oregonians are proud of you and Senator Wyden!
Thank you, Senator! Proud of my representation from Oregon!
Thank you #ProtectOurCare
Thank you for all your hard work Senator Merkley.
1) But now it's time for the Democrats to really think,how can we better this situation all Americans are facing?
Thank you for your dedication to this fight!
Thank you Senator.
Thank you, sir!
Thank you Senator - glad to have you representing me
Thank you sir, I hope you can get some sleep now.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you for your vote!
Thank you senator for your hard work.
Thank you!
Thank you for fighting for us, Senator!
Thank you, Senator
Thank you my senator!!!
Thank you for your vote
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Senator Merkley!!
Thank you Senator!  You are one of the good guys! 
THANK YOU for fighting and fighting and fighting.
Thank you for everything you've done fighting this POS.
Thank you.
Thank you SIR!  
Thank you, Senator! It's such a relief to be represented by someone with a heart and brain! Please keep up the good fight!
Thank you 
Thanks for your vote Senator!
My Oregonian family thanks you, Senator Merkley. You have been a voice of reason and truth.
Thank you for your service, sir, and for encouraging us to not give up.
TY for representing OR so well!
Thank you for standing strong and fighting for us Oregonians and all Americans.
Thank you for your integrity. Honored to have you as my Senator.
Thank you for your leadership on this. Keep up the good work!
thank you! here's a piece of Pizza!!
Thank you sir.
THANK YOU!
Thanks for your work!
THANK YOU FROM WA STATE
Dear @GOP ... your heart of darkness has no place in modern America. What do you have to lose now by giving compassion a chance?
