Police are permitted to ignore a court order in an authoritarian police state, not in America. #Arpaio
#Arpaio’s racial profiling tactics are unacceptable and must be strongly condemned. It's disgraceful that @realDonaldTrump defends him.
Didn't hear a peep out of you when Obama pardoned 1000s of criminals!!!
IMO he is abusing his presidential powers. This is outrageous!
If you don't see the difference there is no hope for you.
When did it become a sheriff's job to torture people? When did it become his job to defy a court order? Arpaio needs to rot in prison.
Get over yourself. She's done absolutely nothing to you so why in the hell do you care so much? DT abused his pardon power tonight. PERIOD!
What about all the pardons Obama handed out. How soon we forget. Liberals just want it one way, their way!
you can't justify wrong no matter who does it. Its like the blind leading the blind.
Trump did nothing wrong!
He can pardon, but every other POTUS used a process to respect the criminal justice process, not route around it.  That IS wrong.
Lol! Trump could discover a cancer cure and liberals would fine something to whine about.
So you just argued pardoning a vile bigot is akin to curing cancer.  May be stupidest tweet ever. 
Yup.  REAL stupid. But, be careful.  These racists are snowflakes, he'll block you for saying so.
Too late.  He already did it.  His wittle feewins r hurt. 

Pat your vagina before you get on Twitter.
And pardoning a traitor like Manning is okay with you, right?  Trump is right. UR wrong.
Thank you for not falling back on the "rule of law" criticism.  He had the power to pardon. The REAL sin is the racist element.
It's always funny watching a politician fake morality
#IMPEACH!

Were our country not in distress, I would.
@JeffFlake .... this is a proper response from someone honoring the rule of law. Take notes.
This from a man who doesn't know what it is to be an AMERICAN, VOTE HIM OUT PLEASE. Wrong for Oregonians.
This senator is what is wrong in Washington DC today. Vote him out!
Can you really think it wasn't the only sane thing to do for one of the greatest American of our time!!!!!
Ha Ha
...why in #America #ChoirBoys who preach in castrato voices & emasculated minds receive plaudits from idiotic, yet suffering believers?
Like I said before instead of complaining about the president on Twitter Complain to Congress.
@Senate @Congress @SpeakerRyan @SenMcConnell @NBC @ABC @CNN @MSNBC Trump Was Warned Not To Pardon  Him But He Did, So Now It's Your Turn!
Just more words, that do nothing
@Graceann319 @realDonaldTrump Sen please do something!
@SenJeffMerkley PLEASE!  #ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow 
#25thAmendmentNow #SaveOurCountryFromTrumpNow
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow #25thAmendmentNow
America has become a dictatorship under Trump! RNC ALLOWED THIS TO HAPPEN! We will NOT FORGET! Sad!
I disagree and I bet you didn't show a fraction of indignation over Obama's pardon of traitor Bradley Manning.
Pardoning Arpaio should come with reimbursing AZ tax payers over 70 million in court fee's.
Keep stirring the pot Senator.  Maybe you can bring Charlottesville to Oregon.  You seem to be on a divide and destroy America path.
Why does Senate refuse to put our country before parties? @POTUS spreads hate, bigotry; divides our country/Americans; jeopardizes security!
Pardon me senator but you condone racism and abusive behavior in Oregon!. All wrong!
OMFG! State of Commie Oregon! And as a Senator you are even still proud of this! It is outrageous, insulting, and infuriating !
Please remind me why he went to jail in the first place. Thanks
He's again showing his true self and also pandering to his base. You'd think his son-in-law as a Jew would take a stand against this hate
#FreeLeonardPeltier, NOT Arpaio!
And he's laughing at our outrage with every divisive despicable step he takes! Deliberate acts of abhorrence to stick it to liberals!
And yet you're still not doing anything to remove him from office! #Complicit
Thank you. This pardon is insulting to true law enforcement officers.
Emperor Humpty Trumpty will be sending $ 50 million dollars in aid to Bush Country as soon as it stops raining .
Alert!!! Its raining in Texas! Follow directions and bring an umbrella!
Merkley l am sure that you know that HUMPTY TRUMPTY makes his own laws he is the Emperor.
@realDonaldTrump is a Nazi.
Like he & his ilk care(s)! He's either been, or felt he's been, Above The Law his entire life!
I have an idea that you won't be senator for much longer.
Get  him  out . Lots of talk, little action.
It shows Trumps blatant disregard for the rule of law, our constitution. Trump can no longer claim to have any semblance of honor, respect
This pardon was a dog whistle to all his cronies that he'll pardon THEM. That's all this is
What are you going to do about it, Senator?
Constitutional Crisis potential of many. #Townhall it was said we need one to get rid of this un-well Hocus POTUS! Pls note.
Sign of things to come Senator, a sign of things to come.
Democrats never complained when Obama pardoned hundred of convicts and opened the borders to thousands of iillegals ?
This is a blatant lie Jeff and you know it. Sheriff Joe was railroaded. He obeyed every law and targeted no one. Stop your unrelenting hate!
Even this Sheriff should have a jury trial before being convicted of any crime.
Sheriff was following Federal Law. It supersedes state and city law
Since Trump operates from the cracks of the constitution, Congress MUST do the same. Bring State charges to Arpaio where pardon can't reach
And in contempt of the separation of powers, the rule of law, and the american people.
love Sheriff Joe! Oregon stands with Joe! Merkley and Brown are RUINING Oregon!
Nice 2See Uve all dropped the worn-out "Very DISTURBING" comment- WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT IT? Arpaio wasn't even SENTENCED YET!
Was it illegal? No. Other than your sanctuary cities.
Maricopa County isn't very happy this sadist got off.
Another liberal bashing our great @Potus... what else is new? #MAGA
Please get him removed, he's unfit and a lying racist!

The 20 year history of the evil racist.
We've been covering Joe Arpaio for more than 20 years. Here's a couple of things you should know about him... 1/many
Obama pardoned over 1900 criminals
It was a misdemeanor, Senator! And no jury trial. Obama commuted 1,927 people, many, many of them were NOT misdemeanors. So, be quiet.
Less tweeting. More impeaching.
Congress needs to act. Russian sanctions were made law. Same for pardons.
Please do all you can to get 45 out of office. We can't go on like this much longer!! #RacistPresident #ImpeachTrump
And yet no consequences...again.
this all seems familiar...
do you need the waaambulance?
Blah blah blah, dats racist blah blah blah
Congress needs to do something about trump...NOW
How much longer do we have to put up with this Russian spy?
And entirely expected.
Please keep taking a stand against #NaziTrump. We support you and you are on the right side of history. #25thAmendmentNow
DT - a racist bigoted traitor to the core. He must be removed
Your colleagues on the other side of the aisle are not as vocal in condemning Trump, Senator.
And you're going to do what???? Impeachment
Arpaio violated the constitution rights of Americans! Trumps pardon is a failure to uphold his oath to protect and defend the constitution
About time
#Hypocrisy
Joe Arpaio is a true Patriot. Unlike Jeff Merkley. A socialist anti American.
PARDONING an abusive racist is wrong, but being one as POTUS is OK? I call that outrageous.
Respectfully, sir. What's it going to take to generate the will to get this dangerous man out of OUR house? Please hurry.
DO SOMETHING ABOUT HIM!
What are you gonna do about this travesty who's running this country??
When is SOMEONE going to DO SOMETHING???
Then put on your big boy pants and push for impeachment. Anything less is cowardly and we're getting angry.
Wrong on do many levels 
He's a DISGRACE to the human race!
Get real Jeff.
What are you going to do about it @SenJeffMerkley? When will the Senate stand up and fight? It's way past time to impeach.
Senator help save FHA 30-year mortgages food shelter clothing wealth in America home ownership 30-year mortgages lower monthly payments OK
Is it impeachment time yet?
Thanks for speaking out.
Words, words, words, all I ever hear, EVER.  When will someone have the BALLS to do something about this poison and get him out of office.
But nothing will be done about it.
Trumped again...hehe
Sure is tough for liberals on crybaby Street.

#ManySides but as you say ... all wrong
Impeach him!!!  Find  something!!!
What are our options? Can he be tried again on different charges? Can the House overturn the pardon? Was it an abuse of executive power?
We need a 100% Dem call for GOP to act and Imoeach Trump before It gets so bad we can't repair it ! And you know it's coming you all know it
Thank you, Senator Merkley, for speaking out against the executive branch's abuse of power!
There are some of Us Citizens that can see straight through Your Hypocrisy, mr. Merkley @SenJeffMerkley @chickilopiccolo @realDonaldTrump
The Entire US Fed Gov is ILLEGITIMATE for the purposes of Free Citizens of REPUBLIC ~ @SenJeffMerkley @chickilopiccolo @realDonaldTrump
The illegitimacy of our government has become an excuse for people with even less legitimacy.
That's the very nature of Systemic Extortion ~ @westerner222 @SenJeffMerkley @chickilopiccolo @realDonaldTrump
I am hoping that you and your colleagues oppose DT and find a legal way to remove him before he totally wrecks our country.

We all know he is guilt..
Completely predictable that this would be potus first pardon. He continues to lower the moral bar of presidential decency.
It's not racist to protect our border.
My god. You are getting repulsive
He has to go.
Yes, it is. Now, #ImpeachTrump.
Great news.
Who are the racists?
Agreed now show me yours on manning, otherwise ur a hypocrite
Get him out of our White House now. He does not deserve to be our representative.
#JoeArpaio did his job & served #AmericaFirst, you should try it some time soon before you get replaced by an actual AMERICAN, lol
POTUS...undoing the DAMAGE OF OBAMA....one step at a time!!!  LOL
Liar. Obama organized illegal revenge against Sheriff Arpaio since he exposed Obama's fraudulent birth certificate.
Condones a Supreme Court ruling.

http://edition.cnn.com/interactive/2012/06/us/scotus.immigration/index.html …
YEA It was the right thing 2 do. Hey merk, the guys he took in were CRIMINALS & are there 2 serve their time & pay back society ya bonehead!
Where were you bitching when obama pardoned bradley mangirl who's dirty deeds directly jeopardized lives of good people? Don't forget the
Don't forget the thousands of criminals obama turned lose on American streets without even notifying the towns you R getting criminals back.
Trump pardoned misdemeanor contempt, you're apoplectic. Please show your tweets condemning freeing Manning, convicted of treason. #Arpaio
it was a great move, All he was doing his keeping the border closed!!!! you are wrong
Thank you once again for standing up for what is right and for what matters most. Trump must GO!!
Funny... I don't remember you saying a GODDAMN THING when Slick Bill Clinton pardoned all those murders/drug dealers who donated to him...
45 is a racist reprobate and has NO business in our white house. He's disgusting.
Please introduce a bill that keeps Trump from pardoning his felonist family and himself.  The man has no morals or ethics.
Doesn't Trump realize this is NOT how we "make America great again"???
And abuse of pardon power for simply political purposes!! #IMPEACHTRUMP
Senator what is wrong with you. Joe Arpaio is 85 years old. You have made a fool of yourself.
Thank you Sherrif Joe for doing the job that the Anti-American/Pro Illegal Immigrant Democrat party wouldnt do.  MAGA!
No worse than Obama drone struck a wedding and a US citizen, continued Bush policies, expanded Patriot Act and Warrentless wiretapping
"manning"

In elementary school, I lived in Phoenix and went on a "field trip" to @RealSheriffJoe's tent city for a scared straight program [thread] 1/
Hold up there play boy u need to stop being a white supremacist
What about Bradley Manning? Why does he get a pardon?
Dollars to donuts that Obama went through the DOJ and WH pardon attorney before he COMMUTED Mannings sentence.
@JeffFlake this is how it's done for future reference
100% agree with you. We were having a quiet night in so we could be up early to spend wkd.volunteering, but now I am so angry I can't rest.
I'm sorta fortunate. Fused pardon with PDX cops yesterday: I'da looked bad if law enforcement had NOT broken down.
Democrats had 8yrs they could've fought to reverse racist laws like Crime/Welfare Bills U guys passed under Clinton. Oh wait...
Don't just tweet about it, actually do something and hold @POTUS accountable.
Call for his resignation, Senator.
Resistance!!
He has made his agenda quite clear. Muslim ban, DACA/Dreamers, pardoning racists; he's a leader for the white supremacy.
Thank you for fighting for us! You know how close the Repubs are to breaking with Trump, if at all. I wish you cld tell us, we need hope.
Who should we be looking for coming across the southern border, Asians?
But there wasn't any of that. The citizenship checks were valid practices
OMG so tired of statements of outrage from pols doing nothing to stop him. Really, PLEASE STOP. Everybody on the Hill is a capitalist tool.
Where was this outrage over Obama's pardons? #GITMO? Berghdal? Manning? Any comment? Of course not. #WellDone @POTUS!
bULL hockey Jeffery, what is insulting is your libs and Obama ruining the country the last 8 years! Go Trump!
Senator, stop talking about it and DO SOMETHING! Get Trump out! He is an insane, idiotic, racist sociopath. #ImpeachTrump
Got news for you. Presidents pardon. Should we look at who Clinton and a pardoned?  Just stop fake outrage.
Wow leaves the Whitehouse during a storm hides  does a pardon bans transgenders  and Korea fires bomb great potus
Once again 45 believes our judicial system is a nuisance.  Sad!
Trump is acting w/ political motives & not following any normal protocol. Trying to show he is above the law & anyone he wants can be. SCARY
incredible
Go wring out your panties, Merk. So glad I'm out of that moronic state.
Senator, what is ANYONE on Capitol Hill doing save spending time on the dumb-arsery of the Capitol dress code? THE HILL IS BETRAYING US.
Look I don't agree with racial profiling however I do like to believe at the heart of it national security was behind arpaio's motives 4 it
We need to start considering people tend to do things with out thinking 1st we are products of our environment n older people experienced
Things differently psychology 101.  Before u march into battle no ur terrain n no ur enemy no the weather conditions no moon out not
Otherwise we r just going in blind n will lose more than we gain lesson from Vietnam n loss of life is 1 more chance my kids won't explore *
Obama pardoned actual lawbreakers. But thats okay.
YOU are a senator!!! How come YOU cannot get this man out if office YOU were elected to lead We beg of you Figure a way!!!
Do something about it
Then stand up for the CONSTITUTION!!! He thinks he's above the law.
Last I checked, ILLEGALS are not a race 
No offense to the dogs or my dog of course
There's nothing right in anything dt does. He's a disgrace to our nation & is no leader. He's a follower of Duke & envies other dictators.
He's such a dog
