Trump, on his "fire and fury" statement: "Maybe it wasn’t tough enough" http://politi.co/2uuczaL  
What do you know about war
Jeff give me a break
#JurassicTrump & the #RedneckRenaissance.... God help us! @Pontifex
Senator...this POTUS is certifiable!  Do what you can to 25th him out!  He's acting like a 5 year old impersonating Dirty Harry...
Ohhhh but we will let other countries do it to us ????  We didn't. N Korea did.
I hope that you and your colleagues in Congress will do what is necessary to stop that from happening.
Someone please stop him before he gets us all killed!
Your never going to stop a bully by cucking out. That is what Obama did and it never stopped Noth Korea from developing their nukes. Failure
Jeff is appeasement worked North Korea wouldn't be threatening us right now. The way you deal with a bully is to bully back!
He is a cuck that believes appeasement works. Obama appeased North Korea and they never stopped building nukes, so it obviously didn't work!
The president should cower to protect Americans ?
Not even when North Korea nukes Guam?
Trump is not president. Art of the deal? Anyone tell this Fascist wackjob we don't negotiate w/ terrorists? Trump's a volatile misanthrope.
Timeline of #US. negotiations with #terrorist http://sotu.blogs.cnn.com/2014/06/07/timeline-of-u-s-negotiations-with-terrorists/ … #NoMoreWars
Better to be first than second...
Go back to work and stop this potential war
Right so why isn't congress n senate stopping this insanity spewed by Trump on twitter?It's like he wants a nuke war keeps antagonizing Kim
Don't you think it's time to invoke Amendment 25, Article 4?
*never again
What will you do about it? PLEASE do something besides chastise him on Twitter! Does he still have nuclear codes? If so, I don't feel safe
Please engage in any activity that will remove this cancer before it grows and kills all of us
Thank you Senator Merkley, for fighting for everyone
Senator Merkley, what can we do about it now?
Yes plz tell us what we can do there must be somethub2 he clearly is unstable and not fit to run this country
Repeal and replace Citizens United.
@politico If only someone had said that 73 years ago.
@DarylGKimball @politico In order to be sure we need a no first use policy #nuclearposturereview
Could just be a really big MOAB...

Or a large cluster of them.
Trump's mental capacity and stability is clearly limited. It's time for @VP to speak w/Ryan and McConnell to utilize #25. #SaveTheRepublic
Please hurry your bill S200 and get bipartisan support for it.
You are such a more preferable Senatorial Representative for Oregon than #DNC #Shill @RonWyden #RonWyden 
Thank you!!!
Could you guys make him go away..that would be great...Americans want their country back
The problem isn't the United States it's @realDonaldTrump, he's the only one who can use the release codes and "launch option" authority.
1/ Call your representatives and ask them to support Senator @SenMarkey S.200, Restricting First Use of Nuclear Weapons Act of 2017
Nor brag about nuclear forces and "fire and fury" or "lock and load." Irresponsible rhethoric from irresponsible president.
We had fun with a tRump pinata. #FireAndFury
Senator, that argument went out the window in 1945. Or hadn't you heard?
When will someone address Article 25 Section 4? Trump is a raving lunatic and needs to go get help before he blows up planet and us with it
Maybe he is targating another country. Our president said don't mess with us and I'm glad he did. Maybe Hawaii will get hit again
Right. We should Let that little shit push us around. No one said anything about nuclear arms besides NK.by our changing the story again.
I question his mental competence.
No Nukes! Remember David & Goliath? All powerful Goliath didn't last long & back then they used rocks! Bring back #diplomacy not acrimony!
trump is seriously MENTALLY  incompetent!  Surely, there is a law that states any pres.who's this mentally  deranged must be removed ASAP!
Ikr. We should just tell Kim to "cut it out" again, and wait.
Thank you and please work to get rid of him.  He's incompetent and unAmerican.
CNN is not telling you that they have nukes pointed towards LA and SF
and won't - smh 
 Stand with your @POTUS
Um KIM is the one you should be talking against - not our @POTUS 

You do realize they have nukes pointed out #SanFrancisco & #LosAngeles
Yes, let's get threatened with nukes and not push back
We are in trouble with this reckless president. He must be removed immediately
I'm sure you're behind Senator Markey's legislation. Let's get that passed as soon as possible.  Thanks Senator Merkley!
So how will you and your colleagues stop this?
You peckerheads don't know the difference between a threat and a warning.
Dictators like KJU, only respond to threats of force. So called diplomacy is what got us here sir.
Really?  So a WWII land invasion was preferable?  The Cold War was won based on MAD. You're such an embarrassment. Read. History.
Again, you mean?
Ummm Jeff that pony has already left the gate.  We were first 
The US has done it before and they should have learned something, but we have an idiot at the helm. The Senate needs to remove this danger.
Would someone get Trump some Army men a couple of miniature bombers and a few Navy ships and let him pay general...please.
Well you know how it goes the coat holder always got the biggest mouth cause he doesn't have to do any of the fighting...
SUPPORT YOUR PRESIDENT OR RESIGN.
TOTALLY AGREE.....
YOU MUST STOP #trumpIDIOCY
Spoken like a democrat. Remember, the problem was magnified by that spineless #44. @POTUS has to clean up his mess. All of his messes.
Think about it !  
How is the USA Governed by God can allow fear ,bulling to scare your souls? faith to stand up for Peace and Gods will .  Stop oppression
This is so scary!!
President Trump speaks from his heart and gut .  USA will not allow Bullies in our World .  Truth will set US free
Become president and make it happen
He's so brave with other people's children...  
OH REALLY THEN WHY HAD THE DNC BEEN THE MOST AGGRESSIVE BOMBING THE SYRIANS, IRAQIS, LYBIA'S INTO DUST ? You care my ASS
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP the political party w/the power to stop this nightmare-does nothing
Majority of Americans will not forget their silence
Until Bush invaded Iraq we had never embarked upon invasion of a country that hadn't attacked us. #thanksGOP
He's a lunatic. Why haven't you and your colleagues done something? Grow a spine and demand the removal of him and his administration.
Pls move to impeach asap.
Please resign,and end that story as you have become as useless as teets on a board hog
34 yrs ago/Star Wars SDI/Strategic Defense Initiative/220 Billion $/No Star Wars SDI/Where'd those $ go?/Who spent it?/On what?/Their Names
He is a lunatic, who needs to be stopped. Before he gets us all killed 
Right. We should negotiate impotent deals such as Clinton's with N.Korea and Obama's with Iran. We will be soooo much safer.
Thank you Senator Merkely proud of my smart compassionate hard working rep
We really have a nutcase for president. #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
He is not threaten to first use. Only a dumb Democrat would think that.
Please get him out of there?!?!
@SenJeffMerkley is the BEST!!!! We  you!!
Does he realize he CAN'T nuke NK? Someone needs to 'splain to him how close Seoul is to the border. Has 45 even looked at a globe?
No, apparently he only does "maps and charts". 
We already have, it saved an estimated 1 million service memebers lives in WWII.

History is hard for your narrative.
This president does far too many things that should never be done.
Senator, you & your colleagues need to do something to forestall anything crazy.
Oh, so that rule applies to nuclear only. That explains a lot.
Of course. Let us all go out on streets and reject trump and his threats. Dies he know it will kill his grandchildren??????
Impeach

Need Loud Demands from All @SenateDems - Stop Threats! Keep it Simple-Sit Down, SHUTUP! War is the only option DT favors.He must be stopped!
Here's your weiner president
News flash; We already engaged in the first use of nuclear weapons.  #Hiroshima
Please tell me active steps are being taken to remove Trump before he gets us all killed.  I am so concerned.  Thank you.
I respect your statement but it is infuriatingly tame. What do YOU intend to do? NOW?
I am also frightened of Pence
Nuclear weapons isn't even the biggest threat here. North Korean is prepared to launch a fire storm on South Korea, likely to kill 1M+
Any escalation that triggers an attack on our allies is a greater threat than a potentially armed North Korea, however disturbing it sounds
Then impeach the guy who's so excited to use them.The Nasty Boy will do it-he's nuts.
What is being done to limit the president's power to do so unilaterally? Isn't there a bill? What's happening?
Would love to know what you and others are going to do about it. Seriously.Is no one going to stop this lunatic?Isn't that in the oath taken
FDR, Truman, Kennedy and the Vets of WWII would disagree. Nukes are a great deterrent. Plus our President never mentioned our use of Nukes
Just give the technology and money to other nations, so they can develop their own?
Then coward Obama @BarackObama
Wait to get nuked first? Agreed nukes would be excessive against North Korea, but never say never. #NeverSayNever
This is getting out of hand quickly. He need to be impeached, NOW! #ImpeachTrump
He hasn't done anything wrong sorry!!
And if the last 3 administrations hadn't kicked NOKO down the road, President Trump wouldn't have to
You're being so STUPID! what you're saying is sit & wait 2 C if one of the rockets is armed & the only way 2 know that is after it EXPLOADS!
Don't be foolish again, we are about as close to N. Korea as anybody & you're saying Oregonians just wait & C. BOOM there went Portland FOOL
I don't know about other Oregonians but I want someone 2 enact preventative measures against a FOOL who says he's going 2 blow us up. NOT U!
It doesn't https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No_first_use … 

Guess we should just bite the pillow like the last 4 presidents did. Grow a pair Senator.
I completely agree, they are both acting like children with new toys but millions of lives lost is surely not "Child's play." No Nukes!
He is unfit for the office. Get him out of there! #25thAmendmentNow
Nukes are a penis extender for teeny Donny.

Senator, it's time for Congress to get serious about removing this loon from office.
Only loon is the ppl who don't want America to be better or to let some of the 8 billion ppl in the  here illegal. Why do I follow the law
Thank you. Now you get the rest of your Congressman and Representatives and storm the White House and put a stop to Trump.
How much longer must we posture for this dolt, excuse his inexperience? When are we going  to get rid of him???
The fact that Trump as created a situation that puts you in the position of needing to make that statement is astounding.
#Merkley2020 ...just sayin' 
If DPRK now possesses the means to deliver nuclear missile, any Launch of any missile, test or otherwise -
combined with the ongoing threats the DPRK has issued, will be viewed as a preemptive nuclear Attack on the United States,
and thereby will be immediately responded to as such.
That's what should be said!
It's time for Congress to reign Trump in.
And now he's thanking Putin for ejecting hundreds of State Dept. employees from Russia! We are ever more frightened of this man. Help!!
Thank u @SenJeffMerkley  I wish more politicians would step up and fight this man, his words and his actions.  #resist
*again
that might be true but some leaders like the one in North Korea should not be trying to produce such weapons and should be stopped soon!!!!
We are the only nation that has the sin of using them in war. We must never do so again, and see that it is never done again by any nation.
That's not true
What's not? Go do your homework and get back to me
Are we really going to do the 'weapons of mass destruction' thing again?
Go Trump go!

