#GrahamCassidy is just as bad, if not worse, than past versions of #TrumpCare.
Same disastrous cuts to #Medicaid. Same cruel disregard for people's health and peace of mind.
Under #GrahamCassidy, OR loses $6.6BIL in federal funding in 2027—putting the lives of 400k Oregonians who rely on #Medicaid/OHP on the line
Sen McCain won't saves us this time-He is buddies w/Sen Graham-Why is the GOP so intent on killing Americans that can't defend themselves?
Quietly? This is a assault on the American people! We see and hear it!
It if fails it will not be the last attempt!
NOTHING could be more disastrous than what we have now.
You are a fool
Roy is the fool. When it screws up your employer based insurance and your kid gets sick and you bankrupt we will talk
If no repeal, in 6 months to a year there will be no Obamacare. It is in a death spiral as we speak. Then when your kid gets sick-bankruptcy
That is a lie. It is not in a death spiral. Trump is doing his best to sabotage it
Keep watching fox spews.
Everyone should be screaming no vote without cbo scores. By the way, CHIP has to be renewed now or the kids become uninsured too
he has to find a way to pay for those tax cuts for the rich
For himself
What's your plan #MedicareForAll see what @SenSanders has to say. There have been huge abuses in Medicare n Medicaid
No
Unfortunately, this is NOT their last attempt:  they will NEVER stop trying take away health care from Americans! We must continue 2 fight!!
If this crap bill passes b prepared 2have ur nursing home family residents live with u•Medicaid is being decimated under this bill•Gop Shame
nursing home patients would be under Medicare not Medicaid.
#GrahamCassidyBill will make America Sick Again and people will die. Why does the @GOP want to kill Americans on their own soil?
WTF>Only 90second SenateFloorDebate to kill ACA Obamacare>Bill defunds PlannedParenthood•Lifts 15% premium cap•Zaps pre-existing conditions
Get rid of gerrymandering and then the entire GOP
The text gutting pre-existing conditions:
A f....... doctor wrote this shit.  "Do no harm" doctor?  Vote his sorry ass out of office!!!
Maybe for a little while, but I don’t think they’ll ever give up.
Please do not let this happen.
@SenJohnMcCain, this bill would definitely result in a rise in suicides! Please. Sen. McCain, give others the health care you receive.
I'll take this over the prior 16 years of incompetence. Especially the last 8 with the community organizer.
He was an awesome president.
Those who still manage to retain insurance will be savaged financially. 

There will be an explosion in medical bankruptcies.
Deaths will be higher than anyone can currently image. Obviously they don't have math skills or can't because of fear of reality.

Not so quietly.

Senator Merkley, I thank you. I am so very grateful you care. Not just for some, but for all.                              
Andrea White
#LIAR
crossin our fingers
You'd better get with Sens. Collins, Murkowski & McCain that couldn't vote for last repeal of ACA, because this version is worse by far
Gop needs to suffer. What putts.  Winney little babies. No scruples. No heart. No nothing.
The gop really bites my butt thinking they can take away insurance from those who need it most
We have to fight like hell to keep it
Please protect our most vulnerable population, people with intellectual disabilities, including my son
Senator Merkley: all Senators need to ensure this destructive and cruel bill doesn't pass. Please.
What can we Oregonians do to help, Jeff?
What's the pink thing? A new weird Republican condom?
Democrats needs to rip the republicans a new one... take a page from their playbook...
Under ObamaCare millions of PPL WHO PAY for insurance lost healthcare due to increases in deductible where they could not afford to see a Dr
Sent faxes to FL senators. Please work with your Republican friends  Americans do not support this bill
Lmao all about hand outs huh.
Those two need to watch their backs.
not true! Educate yourself!
never liked #sneaks that think they are 2 #slippery #congress #watchingU
Thank you Senator for doing all you can to make sure this insidious plan does not pass
Quit lying Merkley
Lies.  As usual.
Y'know what? Let them try. We'll annihilate them in 2018 and have Congress on our side.
Obamacare is an abuse to any decent American. This law forces people to be insure for benefits that are not needed.
Please stop saying last attempt. gop have to stop this if the want $$$ to run from oligarchs. It will never end....so we have to fight
GOP deathcare will be the death of the GOP! McConnell will be be gone. Dumbo is playing Turtle.
This is ridiculous!! #ACAAwareness 
#SavetheACA 
#GrahamCassidyisWRONG
#GrahamCassidySUCKS
#DefendACA 
#Obamacare 
#callsenatorsNOW
Please withhold consent. @GOP is trying to warp worlds greatest deliberative body to the will of a tiny minority. #Unamerican cc @RonWyden
Wouldn't varying social insurance programs by state reduce labor mobility? If so, this is not productive for the economy.
The #1 thing this bill does is it makes it impossible to advance single payer, which was the true motivation of Obamacare.
Thank you, Senator, for being our voice.

Well get the #MedicareForAll going! Convince other senators
Vote no
Tell me what you did today to stop me from Becoming a number in the body count of #GrahamCassidy . @RonWyden @realDonaldTrump @gop #RESIST
Thank you Jeff Merkley for standing the people of Oregon. Americans want the Senate to fix the ACA, not repeal it.
It's a con job. Trump cave dweller supporters hurt the most.
Point of fact. By 2026, it ELIMINATES Medicaid. Not just Medicaid expansion, but the entire program.
COMPLETE BULL SHIT. GIVES STATES BLOCKS OF MORE MONEY THAN EVER FOR STATES TO SPEND ON HEALTH CARE AS WISH. CA WILL SPEND IT ON ILLEGALS
When will they grow up work bipartisan to come up with real solutions.  You people have wasted 9 months. And I'm referring to the GOP
#SatansPuppets @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP #SatansPuppets #VoteThemOut RT https://twitter.com/thedailybeast/status/909885267695357952 … …
Another Obamacare repeal is gaining traction, but anti-repeal activists may be too busy to notice http://thebea.st/2fvrA72  
ACA is disastrous. An unsustainable oppressive monstrosity. It must go and will.
Everyone please call your senators to vote no on graham/cassidy bill, which leaves 32 million people uninsured.
Hopefully it will make my out-of-pocket affordable again like pre-ACA. Millions of working people and our families got screwed hard.
Congress should have the same ins as the rest of us, or buy your own. You can certainly afford it.
Seems to me, if people that can get their own, cheaper, health Ins, have their own, plenty left for those who can't.
Stop lying now. All it does is punt Obamacare to the states to administer the plan.
Why would anyone on the hill vote for this? Tax breaks?
Medicaid spending is not removed, it only expires. It can be re-authorized, like the CHIP program likely will be.
CBO hasn't provided a coverage estimate, (They actually can't).
For those who choose to keep Obamacare, preexisting conditions remain
Please do what you can against this legislation. #GrahamCassidy
what about the 26-and-under crowd? still covered on parents' insurance?
Remember #Obamacare unsustainable
You created this mess. It's on you.
We are counting on you!
Yes, I love to see a $400/mo insurance bill for Retiree's Escalate to $3400/mo under Obama Care! That seems so fare!
Cassidy is one of those guys who goes on MSNBC & pretends compassion while having a phony smile on his face. Wouldn't trust him an inch.
Show us a better way, actually share the #MedicareForAll bill with us?
I have already called your office today. Will do so again tomorrow.
Call, protest, #RESIST !!!
@SenateGOP 2018 is coming!
#Purge2018
As a constituent of yours, thank you for continually fighting this nonsense.
Unless you have a better plan get back to work
USE YOUR VOICES CALL YOUR SENATORS CALL YOUR CONGRESS
It sounds like the GOP dream.
@POTUS The GOBs (@SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr ha-ha-ha) only know how to skunk things thru last minute, by making it a crisis.  They're bad.
McCains selling out. Cruz,Lee and Paul 4 the 3rd vote? We're in trouble.
Hi good afternoon Mr SENATOR .Is true !!! Iam always a DEMOCRAT .Because this the way of a political republican-democratic in instituitions.
This bill will hurt MILLIONS of Americans.  Please fight it!

McCain is a Yes! Someone else notice! Please!   

*Silently screams at top of lungs into crowded room* 
excellent job of fear mongering...
To the GOP faithful..  This is not making America Great Again....  This is not true conservatism...  This will kill people & the economy!!
@SenateGOP Stop trying to kill off your constituents. Instead kill #trumpcare
Thank you for standing strong, Senator on this + countless other important issues. #QuietHero #Merkley2020
@chick_in_kiev @SenateGOP #GOP has become Fascist White Supremacist Party of old, angry White men. #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
Tell your representatives to vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy “health care” bill. (202) 224-3121 #saveourcare
Please reason with any friends you have on the other side of the aisle.
Medicare  for all cosponsor wants to save ACA that is imploding. What a joke.
Thank you for continuing to fight for us Senator
Thank you Sen. Merkley for standing for us in health care.  To leave millions uninsured is despicable.  We are better than that!
This is the worst version yet. My nephew has a heart condition & depends on Obamacare. He lives in a red state!
Call 202-224-3121 now!  Call as many times as you can!
Thanks Jeff for all you do for us here in #Oregon including you co-sponsoring the Medicare for all bill. We will beat these monsters.
#MAGA
Puts caps on your emplpyer healthcare The GOP healthcare remains the same no caps nothing but the best healthcare for them that we pay for
It's like these guys are just lame ass Supervillains. Crappy costumes, weak motivations, and not relatable at all.
PLEASE TELL ME! How is this "Working" for Americans? WHY do People VOTE GOP? GOP are Paid by RICH to keep Citizens Down & Out! VOTE2018!VOTE
GUTTING our existing weak Healthcare System is not WORKING for Americans. This is not SKINNY Replacement. It's Anorexic. GOP = 9 YRS NOTHING
GET ANGRY AMERICA. But for the right Reasons. Not the Anger that was looking for Trump Chaos. But Angry to Vote Out useless Gov Reps. VOTE!
Apparently there is no "last attempt." They place no value on human life that breathes air.
Medicare for all timing was inappropriate given the ACA was all under threat. Dems need to stay focused.
Democrats need to stay focused on No to repeal. Their preference to MFA is irrelevant to the current GOP problem.
