I’ll keep fighting w/ @PPFA @CecileRichards @NARAL @ilyseh & other advocates—nobody should make a woman’s health care decisions but herself!
If birth control isn't covered by ins.Then viagra should not be either.If a man can't get it up, it's God's will that he shld not procreate
Birth control!is cheap and very affordable. Women can still have it. They can pay for it themselves.
You are so missing the point.
Erectile dysfunction is an actual disease. Pregnancy is not.
Dude you are the reason men should not determine woman's health care.
No man is determining womens healthcare decisions. No woman is being thrown in jail for birth control. If she buys it she can still have it.
WTAF? The ppl making the decisions are all male. Jail? What does that stmt even mean? Are you a bot?
What if a woman's boss or CEO is a woman? Which one knows best in this situation? Which one gets to decide what I subsidize?
Ah. So just cuz you want it, I gotta pay for it. Nice. How do you get on that list?
If it's compensation from your employer, work it out with your employer. Why get Congress involved with your sex life? They've shit to do.
I've no problems with legitimate medical prescriptions of birth control. Sex without consequences is not one of them.
Are you implying men aren't capable of making their own healtb care decisions?
What a deep and insightful thought. Your almost 8th grade education is really showing!
Words of the deranged...leftists as we call them in the States. Now piss off.
Oh yeah. The thread where"independent and strong women" decry having to pay for their own bc. Is that the one you are referring to?
I wasn't aware that a business had the right to practice a religion.
I think that's covered in the first amendment
For individuals, yes. But how can a business practice a religion?
A business owner can run a business however they choose as long as it does not break any laws.
Granted. That position works for sole & closely held corporations. But how can that work for large, publicly traded corporations?
Share holders have the ability to buy or sell stocks if they do not agree with company policy. Isn't that free market?
If that's true…then why should "bosses and CEOs" be required to pay for "womens' personal and reproductive health?"
Birth Control is not expensive and not hard to obtain. Should not be an employer's responsibility. They have a right to their convictions.
Enough nit picking. Try to come up with needed legislation & do what you were elected to do.
I would certainly hope not.
We all have a right to choose and pay for killing  babies out of my pocket  is not fair.Thank you#POTUS
Healthcare is not a right it is a commodity and a good that is purchased. If they want it just pay for it like everyone.
Yes and insurance is a commodity.
Yes and the employer should have the option on what healthcare they provide for their employees. If you want birth control pay for it.
What  can a moron understand
Having an abortion is not a 'reproductive health' decision. Be honest. Usually it's about a reckless person terminating a potential human.
They can finance the stuff themselves. Get government out of the micromanagement of peoples money and decisions.
Women want equal treatment? Pay for your own birth control!
Thankyou!-Why is only my gender legislated?-I kno what I should & shouldnt do w/my body!Mind your own biz U.S. Congress!
Pence doesn't think church and state are (must be) separate.
Then they should purchase their own.. not expect their employer to pay for it.
his goal is to undo every good thing Obama did.
Keep up the great work, President Trump! #MAGA
Apparently it's against their religion for me to have fewer than 5 migraines a month
And debilitating cramps and overly heavy periods, etc.
No, murder is.
Why?
 Get ready for 2018 2020 politicians #NotMeUs are watching very closely  #EnoughIsEnough #WomensHealth matters #FeelTheBern 
Women should pay for their own birth control!
Apparently YOU don't get it... Get out and let a Republican show you how to manage!

obviously. I just don't want to pay for it.
Birth-control is like nine dollars at #Walmart
In another tweet I covered this. No, they don’t.
No you are wrong.  he gets it.  a womans choice on bc is her own, and dont force me to pay for it.  government doesnt know best either
Paul, how do you pay for my medication? Is it any different than how I pay for yours? Please stop taking those diabetes meds then.
Thru insurance premiums we all share in same pool.  bc is not an illness like diabetes, hard to believe you justify
Either way you slice it, it’s a prescription medication and none of your business why anyone takes it.
Then dont make it anyone's business but yours and pay yourself. Free market
Ok well then you should probably cancel your insurance policy because I have some bad news for you...
If Women know what is best then they should pay for it. Companies don't pay for men's personal and reproductive health.
Do insurance companies pay for condoms? No they don't
So do Condoms
Preventing the transmission of STDs and filling them up with water to throw at people
Shouldn't they by there own or is that asking to much
Neither are you to force the rest of us to foot the Bill. No PP!
they don't care. It's all about 
Trump sees himself as Big Daddy giving gifts (to his friends and family) and taking away rights of the vulnerable & disenfranchised
Stop the nonsense!
Every individual knows what's best for their health, not just women. Given gov's track record I'd say keep between patient & doctor.
How is that an argument for demanding employers to pay for employees' contraception healthcare! #birthcontrol
The basic argument (without missing premises) must go as follows: bc a W knows best, her boss Must pay for her BC
I get it, its what she worked for. But shouldn't the content of the compensation be open for discussion?
I wouldn't be in favor for that too, but the why? One has to find a reason why a religious reason won't cut it.
So murder is "best"?
If women decided to close their legs then perhaps we will get more respect.
What do we do to make them get it?
I mean...their bosses and CEOs may also be women, but i accept your point.
I'm beginning to believe WE don't get it...TRUMP DOES NOT CARE
Then say it to his orange face
Like Saudi Arabia where men control women’s lives completely.  They’re disenfranchising half the population, typical authoritarian stuff.  If all the women refuse to work for those employers, or pay taxes, what happens to the economy?
If women in Saudi Arabia rebel, the govt would likely use their method of burying to the neck and stoning them to death.
It’s a choice that should be between the woman her God and her doctor not the GOP not Congress not churches not preachers just the women
That's why they need to take control of their own bodies and not expect the government to pay for their screw-ups for laying down any man
Oh they get it. But we need to be put in our "place," right? Heaven forbid women be empowered. Thank you for advocating for women!
What boss or ceo ever stopped a woman from the choice to have sex ?
I'm sure they get it. That's not the issue. The issue is they want this kind of control over women.
Stop acting like this administration can be reasonable or reasoned with. They have clear goals in mind and they are working towards them.
And not an Obamacare mandate? Your talking out of both sides of your mouth!
Thank you someone who gets it 
Drft dodgr and moron trump is doing what congress won't do.Hes attacking obamacare 1 part at a time asHe cant get repeal and replace passed.
Nothing, as a women, has ever infuriated me more than a closed room full of men making decisions about women’s health or reproduction 
What about the women who are bosses? Do they not know?
You’d think hey? 
you just assumed their bosses/ceo's are men..just sayin
Damn fucking right
Or the employers who are actually PAYING for it.
You're right, and they should pay for their own sh**. Why should Bosses and CEO's have to cover it if it's none of their business? THINK!
Proud to have you represent us Oregonians!
What happened to putting the patient and their doctor in control of the care?  I believe that’s what the @GOP has said about repealing ACA
They know it. They just feel men should decide what a woman does with her body. They want the control. Makes them feel manly I suppose.
if you expect them to 'get' anything, you are the fool. they are morons, what makes you think they will do anything right?
Never forget that the @POTUS has bragged about sexual assault.

How about we make birth control nonprescription like other countries do? Publish risks and side effects and encourage regular checkups.
Where is Ivanka? Oh well, forgot, she is MIA when it matters...
They may or may not "get it" but what is clear is that they don't care.
Men shouldn't have any say so in this!
*Men should have a say in ONLY their own healthcare.
Unless they're a doctor helping patients make informed decisions.
So.. not politicians.
Unless its the bosses baby??? Haha
Or there #Government!!
Must be looking into a mirror when you tweet
#NotMySenator.
Until bosses get to tell men what to do with their semen, they don't get to tell women what to do with their eggs.
It's called think before you lay down with anybody protect yourself you do that is your responsibility not the taxpayers
You are naive. They get it. They just want to control women by whatever means possible.
Let’s get real... it’s 2017.  Woman have a right to choose
Why are uteruses and vaginas more regulated than semi-automatic firearms?
So true!!!!
The GOP wants all of the women in this country barefoot and pregnant, with no healthcare,surrounded by men on viagra covered by healthcare 
Saying they 'don't get it' makes them sound uninformed. They get it, don't want it and are tactically waging a war in women to remedy it.
Also you're a dishonest liar. Women can still have birth control. Their employer not paying doesn't mean they can't have it.
Birth control is the responsibility of the woman not her employer. Women can pay for their own birth control.
No reason the employer has to be the one who pays for it. Women should be responsible for it. Nothing wrong with self reliance
Certainly Not Trump!
So disingenuous and pandering. You should be ashamed. This is about who pays not who chooses. What a sad little politician.
It’s as if they closed their eyes and stuck their fingers in their ears when 500k women marched in DC & 5 million world wide. #WomensRights
That was by 2 PM, not including the million and a half more who showed up by nighttime to march (police on the scene, finding source).
But why should men, or religious people be forced to pay for it? Should you be forced to pay for something you might disagree with?
Funny, it's my body, my responsibility women have same access to condoms as men
Whatever a person wants if legal they should be allowed to obtain. JUST DON'T TAKE AWAY MY FREEDOM TO PAY FOR IT
The Trump admin gets it just fine...they don't want men like you choosing for them. Now they are free to choose what they want & pay for it.
Reproductive health means having children not murdering them
Why should my tax dollars go to anyone's reproductive health. You can't afford an abortion buy a condom!
They don't "get it" because they don't care. Women are not equal at all to them.
You might let Kristen For AZ in on that thought. Why support a rep with a bad progressive punch score?
Easier to pay for B/C then maternity leave,lost production or hiring a new worker. If she can't afford the kid give it to her religious boss
GOD "get's it".   Women, too.   Far from ALL women think abortion should be legal.  (Especially late term)  Check the real Roe's story.
It is.

Donald Rump wants to tell everyone how to live and what to say. I'm not saying he's a dictator,but
& not the federal or state government
nor do any of their oppressive far-from-God religions.
I agree it should be covered. Need to just make BC an over the counter medication by requiring a prescription you still support oversight.
Hey Jeff if your that worried about your Birth Control pills, you can go to Walmart or Targets for $10/monthly
It's not enough to tweet your distaste!!

You better rally your damn troops! 
trump once said "Pregnancy is an invoncenience" to the workforce. So why not cover contraception?
If women know best, let them pay for it. Are you so sexist to assume women need everyone to pay for them?
let's not forget that @POTUS said women who have had an abortion should have "some kind of punishment" and the @GOP said nothing.
No kidding!  #US is bringing back dark ages for women...Actually I don't understand 2nd amend. used as excuse to own #weapons #1791 muskets?
People who quote the Constitution  in that way are the ones who never read it, cover to cover (mine was an unedited booklet from school).
No a child doesn't deserve to be killed because a woman doesn't use protection
When are they going to stop paying for Viagra???????????
Ok great, so they should be responsible enough to get there own birth control then.
Or politicians.
I would not want an old 70 year old hag telling me how to live. The president certainly will not listen to anyone how he should live, so
Why in the f'ing world would a woman want to hear from a 70 yr old sagging shit how she needs to live her live.
No, their insurers run large mechanisms to isolate necessary and unnecessary medical coverages... unless you need, they shouldn't pay.
He won't listen to me either!
Don't speak for me
No, they don't CARE about women or women's health. "Getting it" is cruelly cutting services and putting women down.
You're the one that doesn't get it Jeff...  Cannot wait until the next election, when you are voted OUT!  #obstructionist
Family planning is so important. Undermining women's free access to reproductive health care is fascist.
Reason 1,824,758 why #singlepayer makes sense for a true religiously free country.
Thank you for standing up for reproductive justice!
Republicans are the party of #Death
The Democrat Party is the party of death not the Republicans you people been getting away with too much free shit
Let Women Choose Not Big Government
You are so right, Trump and CEO don't know women sexual issues or their sexual practice, also they (we) shouldn't have to pay for it.
If a woman can't afford birth control or a child DONT HAVE SEX..
And the rest of that sentence begins..with ????
Oh they get it. They just dont think women r equal to men. Trump admitted on tape he sexually assaults women! He just likes to control women
You're trying to get through to a guy who treats the woman he's with like a car he's going to trade in every 6 or 7 years.
What’s wrong with women paying for birth control! Nothing in my book! Men have to pay for their condoms!
It should be a law that if you won't cover birth control for women, then you don't cover erectile dysfunction meds either.
Let's stop saying they don't "get it." What you mean is they don't care.
We CARE about innocent babies & their shattered parents that suffer tramatically after an abortion.   Abortion should not be birth control.
This has been debunked. Most people feel relief after and abortion, not trauma. You're taking advantage of would-be parents.
These bosses will end up paying in the long run.
He just can't keep his hands off of women's affairs can he?
Oh no. Old, white, rich Christian men know woman's bodies better then they do! They know everything better than everyone! Ugh!
#ImpeachTrump
What does the pill have to do with health. It's not a med to fight cancer. Why should I have to pay for their sex life.
You don't actually know enough about birth control to have an opinion, clearly. This is why it should be left to women.
I love the employer  righteousness until.... you tell them you’re pregnant & need time off... & YOU’RE the scourge of office pool OR fired
Fundamentalist, Evangelical, Pentecostal Christians interpet Bible + other religions say man over woman = vote against own worldly interests
If this law had been a few yrs ago my (then)boss would've been right to schedule me when I was getting my tubes tied bc "she didn't like it"
That sounds horrifying. I'm so sorry you had a tyrant for a boss.
Ty. She was an idiot! I liked everyone else there BUT her, but I don't miss it . 
She had to fix it.. I'd put in for it off weeks before 
I agree but let's go a step further, we also know better than the government so stop telling us what kind of insurance we need to buy.
It’s offensive and ignorant that @realDonaldTrump even considers this an option. As his boss I’d like him to prove why he needs viagra .
Trump is just grasping & desperate for anything he thinks he can mess up. He a giant bully & misogynistic moron
It’s more than that, it’s public health. Close to 1/2 of US babies are born to families in lowest income families. Prevent now or pay later?
They get it alright. Feed the religious right base...Kapernick, no gun control, abortion...all right in their wheelhouse.
Men Hate Women, over n over again u See it
Hear it n we live it !
But their government does?
If woman CEOs are religious, may have swallowed idea they're going to Hell if they provide employees w/healthcare counter to their beliefs.
A majority of (white) women voted for Trump....apparently they "know best" @SenJeffMerkley
Fascism and racism were super appealing to those ones who didn't work 4 jobs to (not) afford to support themselves: Time + impetus = voters.
And not elected officials. Please women are not mindless idiots who need gov guardians
Do something about it.
Careful. The concept that women can make life decisions might literally make their heads explode.
you have given me the first ray of hope in months.
License sex. Men must have a licence to have sex. Unsanctioned sex is a federal crime.
That’s the dumbest fucking thing ever... do woman also have to have the license?
& we won once before! The pendulum will swing back-unfortunately many will suffer.Besides if statistics correct most men will b sterile 2025
Hey Jeff, how are those arms sales working out for women in #yemen #libya #syria ?
Push 45 out of office. Impeach that idiot

The judge, jury, and executioner right?
Every human deserves the right to live. That is true pro-choice.
Please make it stop!! It's just one thing after another. This administration is a train wreck.
Unfortunately it’s the religiousright led by Pence calling the shots here.Despicable thatagain it’s men deciding women’s reproductive health
Personal.      Good point there lefty
What about all the other conditions BC is subscribed for ?
Oh they get it. They are backdoor clients at abortion clinics with their mistresses.
No, YOU don't get it. This isn't politics as usual. This is about undoing Obama's policies and hurting Americans any way Trump can. 

The only thing they 'get' is undoing every progressive thing @BarackObama ever did, because they're RACISTS. #CallItWhatItIs
Get government out of insurance health insurance and the morality business.
get ceo's, corportations and FOR-PROFIT insurance companies out of healthcare and morality, because they only care about $$$$ not people.
True. Only caring about profit has brought us a lot better medicine than anything Donald Trump will ever do for you.
What are we going to do Jeff ? Why are they rolling back so much in everything from A to Z. Cant we stop this madness? Cant let them win.
Where do I send the letter saying my tax $ is for everything but Viagra and penile implants? How do I opt out of #PenisCare?
I'd also like to opt out of caring for #MikePence. Can we opt out of #PenceCare?

Not if you call killing unwanted children 'reproductive health'.
Do you know the freaking purpose of birth control? Start with looking up what bc does.
Then they should pay for it themselves. Stop using taxpayers funds to pay for it. Not to be mean thats the reality.
The whole world doesn't get it, but at least the U.S. should be closer to getting it.  It's 2017.
It's a political issue.  And you lose. Pills over the counter and "problem" solved.
How is it possible that he can just change the rules? This moron is destroying our society. Please, help remove him from office.
Well, YOU r not listening to many women/mom's who have complained to u about #Pharma destroying their kids health.
Remember, Senator, he's grabbed so many he considers himself an expert.
True
Thank you for defend us! Please talk to rbert reich. He is real good at helping those if us to see the severity in all of this
Then why do you want to put the government in charge of healthcare for EVERYONE?
So that we can get the ball rolling, have a change in leadership (IF voting isn't further stripped) with Universal Healthcare ready to go.
Actions that will send desperate right-wing Christian evangelicals towards planned parenthood even more than usual
This was posted on May 31, 2017. VERY INTERESTING READ - Meet the Evangelicals Who Secretly Use Planned Parenthood http://www.marieclaire.com/politics/a27333/secret-evangelical-christians-at-planned-parenthood/ …
Has nothing to do with abortion, never has. Men want to control women, they R an inferior species.They think WE make bad choices? FAKE NEWS!
That is the best argument I ever heard to get the government out of healthcare entirely.
(Also, not only women have children and & also should have access to comprehensive and appropriate healthcare)
you mean bosses can prohibit women from taking birth control pills or they don't have to pay for them big difference
well that's OK by me, I have to buy my own condoms
so are my condoms, prevents STD's, kind of like getting a flu shot
isn't that enough
Oh, they get it. They just don't want women in control...of anything! Including their own bodies.
Women have total control, why bring employer into the discussion at all except expectations of them paying for it.
That argument can be applied to any medical issue Why should insurance cover type 2 diabetic medication it's their fault they got fat


I guess you haven't heard yet, Trump always knows what is best for everyone. A megalomaniac.
Women Voted For This Moron. ..#ImStillWithHer
Can you explain why he is ignorant?
I'll never understand their desire to regulate my uterus & why it's more important than working to stop tragedies like Sandy Hook or Vegas.
