At the same time Hillary and the Clinton Foundation releases theirs
At this point I'd hate to see him weasel out of this mess with no repercussions . I'd  prefer they find more evidence
Absolutely.
First let Obama & Hillary come clean about Benghazi, 33000 emails etc.  & No proof of any Trump ties to Russia.

never..trump will lie to the end.
Remember the old Beatles song "Lies?" Seems 2 title fits Trump & company.
We can only hope.
Embarrassed this clown from my state is still quoting @CNN and their #RussiaHoax.
Recall Hillary forcing "Russia" into the debates once she felt power slipping from her hands. MSM ran with it. Sessions recusal was a setup.
How dare we go after corrupt politicians. We should just let Trump give our country away to the russians. so called republican patriots
Yep. I'm looking forward to worker safety going into the shtter& have these creeps  take my wages & my retirement $.Can't wait.
Get real.Go after a real crook Hilary and thier foundation and selling uranium to Russia.
Time to come clean for all those who met with the Russians
Would you Believe him if he did? Nope because he'd only tell parts of truth and then lie.
Get over yourself! Go to work puppet. U have a long way to go to catch up with changes that will get us working again. Do it!
No, it's time for this:
#CNNisIsis
Move on already...there are more pressing issues!
You focus on Russia instead of issues. Let investigation go forward and get back to governing until results come back
The Grand Jury give the presecuter the ability to thoroughly investigate. It doesn't mean there will be in indictment!
Right before his 17 day vacation.
Does anyone know if he's actually going on vacation or fleeing the country ?
Looking for Moose and Squirrel
It's time for trump to resign.

Please take the nuclear codes away from POTUS.  
It's time to demand that @realDonaldTrump resign. Too many conflicts of interest, pres is compromised and the US is at risk because of it.
I pray the whole cabinet go down with him , Pence, Sessions and Ryan included
Probably fleeing to Putin in Siberia! He's on vacation too! Better get their stories together.
Hurry Mueller!
Yes it is!! High time!
Even if there is solid proof, there will be the MAGA crowd that will never believe it.
It was time to come clean before the election. Now that they reaped the benefits of their actions they are entrapped.
They'll never admit "anything "! #ImpeachDonaldTrump #treasonousTrump @leaderm

Radio: Explaining the Grand Jury https://www.pscp.tv/w/bFNABjEyNzY2NDd8MU95SkFycWduWk94YrvY1yaOJkXQZEixSXUF7KdXL2nqYTAr28jbHZ38MEuT …
They are liars. They will not tell the truth unless it is to turn on someone to try to save them self.
Go after Hillary and the uranium deal with Russia there's nothing fishy about president Donald Trump and the Russians
@realDonaldTrump you're the shit. I mean shit
Where there is Smoke. Can Trumps Base really think POMPUS wouldn't use Russia, if it helped his Cause?  Trump actually is the one being Used
Even GOP is tying Trumps hands. Fire Mueller? NO!  Fire Seasions? NO! SOMETHING MATTERS to GOP FINALLY. VOTE2018VOTE CHANGE THIS MESS. VOTE!
Being reported Mueller *is stepping up Russia Corruption*! He KNOWS Trump is *Trying* to Fire/Stop him.
#LOCKHIMUP BIGGLY !! Bring down the crook , lier , fraud trump familly make justice for the thousands of people that this crook has cheated!
They won't come clean; this is why we have Robert Mueller.
No, its way past time for you and the rest of your peers to draft, and back, articles of impeachment.
Trump and supporters  think they're going after hillary
#SenJeffMerkley  Hillary destroys 30,000 emails, makes a deal to send plutonium to Russia and you think this is a big deal?  No 1 wants her.
http://www.dailypresser.com/2017/04/1a-nbc-news-hillary-clinton/ …
Go Meuller, you're the man
If you're expecting him to come clean voluntarily, you're going to be waiting a long time.
I wish Senator but he's  going to continue lying. Been doing it for 70 years and isn t goo g to change now.
Gotta wonder what Scotland Yard & Interpol have of Trump Operations too.
Rotten Russian Rubles, Money Laundering, Extortion, Espionage, RICO, Conspiracy Obstruction, Perjury, Conspiracy Murder, Election Tampering.
Why don't you come clean about your special interest backers
It's time for all the Oregon politicians to be replaced. You and your personal agendas do not represent my family. #MAGA
Speaker Ryan in on tape too. Ryans tape talks about Russian money & Repubs being a family of silence.
No need to come clean. #TrumpRussia

Thank you, Sen, from every Oregonian WEST of the Cascades!
Haha. Oh now it's time.
Democrates will do anything to not accept they lost the election and lied to the American people and waste tax payers money in the process
Dems need to come clean how stupid do you think we are? people wake up read Ominous alliance.https:\\http://www.artisanvintageworks.com . Propaganda
Hey .@SenJeffMerkley , you were great in An Inconvenient Sequel
It's about time.
On what evidence?
Too late...lock them ALL up!
#WatergateWithRussianDressing
No. It's not. It's too damned late for that. Let the criminal system do what it needs to do.
Really.  Focus on health care.   Lower taxes. And jobs.
If you investigate anything check leaked emails.   Uranium sales to Russia.  Clinton foundation.  Destroyed servers and emails.
With all due respect, Senator, wouldn't that put him at risk of polonium poisoning?
It's long time for this to happen. Trump won't release his taxes why? #Hmmm Let's get the answers!
Ken Star Mueller begins the Witch Hunt !
He's been bringing on prosecutors, GJ is next natural process....no surprise here.
Explosive, shmosive. Just another fart in the wind.
They will never come clean. 
There motto. 
Lie til the end.
They wont. Not in their nature. You know #ImpeachTrumpNow in order. It is time to pull the trigger @GOP  AND THEY ALL FALL DOWN. SayURGbyes!
please don't hold your breath.  he'll fight til his bitter end.
According to his rally tonight he's standing by the story of no Russia interference, but let's go after Hillary again.
I think we both know Trump is never going to do that. He might admit to some of it to avoid going to prison but he'll never come "clean"
No it is time for him and his family to flee to Moscow
Judgement Time The Train Just Left The Station!!!
Slippery slope is hard to climb back up.
Sen.?  We luv ya' - but whatever you're smoking? Save me some - it'll be a cold day in Raleigh when DJT "comes clean" about his corrupt past
Finally!None of us will rest however until trump either resigns or is impeached- gop house probably wont do it so 2018 most important 4 Dems
They won't.
#FireHannity #FakeFOXTrumpNewsConspiracy #RussianMoneyLaundering #NotMAGA #PutinPuppet #NonStopLying

I thought this day would never come....
I don't think anyone in this family knows how to tell the truth.  They better learn now.
Oh they will-or go to jail for lying.

Look at:

1. sex trafficking through Trump Model Management

2. money laundering through GOP

3. vote fraud in WI MI PA #unhackthevote
POTUS will be around long after your voted out!
He won't. He lies easier than he breathes. His narcissistic psychopathic condition drives his belief that he's entitled to do what he wants.
Ha! Dream on! Has come clean a day in his life. He isn't going to start now. He will be lying as he cleans out his desk & walks out of oval
Too late for that now. I want to see this investigation come to it's conclusion & justice served (and assets seized)!
They don't empanel Grand Juries for nothing burgers
Thank you for representing us. We will vote for you as you speak the truth no matter what that truth is! Oregon has faith in honesty
History says he won't come clean until he has to.

Can y'all just stop with this Russia shit already? It's under investigation, it'll be taken care of. Just shut up about it. God.
The Trump ties are made in China, not Russia. 
He's such a liar and finger pointer that I doubt every word out of his mouth
As this news breaks @POTUS is spouting lies to his base, what an obvious fraud and demagogue.
He's spewing nonsense in WV and you expect him to come clean? He's going down and either the @GOP joins #TheResistance or they go down too
Ain't going to happen...they will NEVER admit to any wrongdoing...!
Coming Clean is not an option for Trump. Impeachment is the only option for America!
I'm sorry but I'd rather watch them start chewing their own legs off to get out of the #Mueller trap!  #trump is a criminal
You no longer represent the #Oregon people Senator Merkley. #Autism is 1 in 25 in some counties and you've done NOTHING about it.
But they will just lie.  And we know it.
Will they ever? I mean really?
Nothing will come out of this! 
@realDonaldTrump bye bye donnie
Come on Chump, make my day
They're much too proud/ignorant for that.
Assumes that #CrookedDonnie  would know what truth is! Liar-in-Thief and his crime family.

probably too late by now...
They won't because its worse than anyone ever thought possible
They will never tell the truth.
Can Trump padon himself for financial crimes prior to taking office? #TrumpRussiaCollusionConfirmed #GrandJury #TrumpMoneyLaundering
No, but if he did, the AG of NY would have cuffs on him before the ink was dry!
nice!
Here's proof of Russian collusion with @TheDemocrats.
How does someone who was thick in the middle of the IRS targeting controversy have any room to tell someone else to come clean?
Lock him up!
Trump will never tell the truth.  He is a pathological liar

CNN pure-Bull Shit
Can't wait!!
Another nothing burger but keep on wishing instead of working for the people

Your ass is grass. @realDonaldTrump
If you're made of dirt, you can't come clean.

Truth? @realDonaldTrump has never met TRUTH, doesn't understand what TRUTH is, and only believes the little voice inside his head #sociopath

Please do all you can to ensure that Mueller is protected
About time.
@Davidwrg @realDonaldTrump don't worry they won't .  Get the Russian Spies out of WH NOW
That's not gonna happen! Trump never comes clean
I don't expect that Trump will ever do the right thing. Heads are going to roll
When the truth comes out a lot of Trump supporters will be picking their jaws up off the floor.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pathological_lying …
he clinical.. #25thAmendmentNow
Late to the party, but welcome aboard! America deserves better than #45
Not explosive just the next step in a thorough investigation
Trump is the type that would stab you in the guts and with blood still on his hands, look you in the eyes and swear he didn't do it.
Sen Merkley, no way is Trump/family/aids/Org coming clean, they all will go down in flames.  Keep after them, please.
POTUS--33% approval rating--sounds about right. If they did one for Congress it would be 0.1%--IF they polled your families as well.
I await when this comes back to DNC,Clinton,Obama and his staff,Not 1 bit of Russia/Trump proof has been shown to date,
But they're not a threat, Obama said so. Obama also said elections can't be rigged. Which is it?
way.past.time
He's never going to come clean that's why we have an investigation. It's going to be up to the House and Senate to clean up the White House
Wow! It's about time. Thanks for all your hard work, Jeff! You've been a rock star for your constituents and for the American people.
There are no Russia ties but you have been paying blackmail to Awan.

Ohhhh. Wonder if he'll consider posting this fake Time cover in his golf courses!

TIME TO DRAIN THE SWAMP.
with all due respect, it was time months ago instead of screaming FAKENEWS.
Time for all of them to leave! They are destroying our democracy and country.
After all this time do you really think he's capable of telling the truth? Pay attention please.
No shit.
Exactly!!!
By come clean I hope you mean resign. Then head to prison.
Trump hasn't used up his seemingly inexhaustible supply of magical thinking.


Get ready for disappointment... #maga
They are a business they do business with a top economy.. more news at 10.
No it's actually time for Mueller to investigate the real crimes coming from the Democrats
A story from the WSJ and CNN, do you think it's true? Media has lied, is lying and will lie to us, so do the democrats
He will never come clean.  I think he believes his own lies.
trump saying he's done nothing wrong is WAY too low of a bar. He considers himself exempt from rules & laws that apply to common folk
@Shimha18 @realDonaldTrump Indictments are coming!! Thank God! The world is rejoicing! Comey and Mueller saving OUR COUNTRY!
Do we smell tax returns????
More good context here:
Trump coming clean abt Russian ties is as impossible as a street hooker caught doing crack & admitting she didn't when the evidence is there
He will continue to deny, deny, deny.
@simplysous @realDonaldTrump 
Nothing burger with fries please.

They will deny their way right out of the White House.
Trump will never come clean on Russian ties, nor will he resign. Upon impeachment he will have to be dragged kicking and screaming from WH.
