have you actually read statistics and data regarding terrorist attacks? Doubt it. Try it.
Not arguing that fact- just pointing out the stats you cited about nationality are incorrect
nope, just smart enough to do research before spouting off incorrect information. Try it.
@Sanddragger @SenJeffMerkley @CNN The simple fact that they aren't US citizens and do not have any Constitutional Rights.
nobody's doing it on a religious basis. #FakenewsCNN
the president never mentioned vetting based on religion
Merkley is a coward and will never work across aisle nor appear on R based radio or tv. all he does is cry
I say Vet everyone extremely...no matter what country they come from!
Why r Jewish people banned in those 7 countries? Temporary ban from hostile Jihadist gov'ts with no records?
These people are already being vetted. Are they going to be required to become Christians? Come on
all Trump is doing is feeding into the anti-Islamic rhetoric that ISIS points to when recruiting people
why is it ok for trump to use his personal phone?
#FakeNews Alert! No one is vetting anybody based upon religion.

ITS WONDERFUL - MUSLIMS DONT BELONG HERE - THEY CANNOT INTEGRATE - & REMAIN MUSLIMS. YES - BAN MUSLIMS
Senator: you go to a Muslim country to preach liberty of religion. How's that?
Do You know how many children have been trained by ISIS to BE-HEAD AMERICANS, w entering the US as REFUGE'
religion has nothing to do with it! Its 100% about geography!
ever heard of sheria law merkley?  It doesn't exactly mix well with laws of our country.
Let them live with u smerky Merkley
CNN dirtbag news like democrats
nothing in exec action based on religion, only country of origin. CNN says religious ban. False report.
even if ur religion promotes violence to apostates?u can hav a violent ideology,as long as its a religion?
I agree be fair.
Every Muslim is a potential terrorist, he or she may take the Quran's command to kill us seriously!
"vetting" and immigration laws currently on the books YOU ignored!
Yes but we didn't have Maddog Mattis in charge!
thank you for standing up for what's right senator.
The Dems are not afraid of Trump failing. 

They're terrified he will succeed.
period

#truth #MAGA
@Deanofcomedy @SenJeffMerkley @CNN I think a 2-year vetting process is pretty substantial
Bombshell: At Least 25 Million Dead and Fraudulent “Registered Voters” in 2016 http://www.infowars.com/bombshell-at-least-25-million-dead-and-fraudulent-registered-voters-in-2016/ … via @realalexjones
As long as it Stops Daesh - I'm For it 100% 
@ErinBurnett  Best reporting on show came from Yuma, AZ law enforcement.  94% reduction enforcing laws
Why do people ignore the false claim about a religion, it's a pause for a handful of countries. #truth
-be realistic instead of being politically correct. Who is a threat to the US?

Impeach and remove
religious profiling is just as wrong as racial profiling.just keep the criminals out
America has a large %tage of Doctors who push  drugs -we all know that- what is Trump going 2do about that
Good job all the would be terrorists are honest people and wouldn't lie about their religious beliefs.

/s
Hard to be more irrelevant. Must be tough to be wrong about everything all the time. Sad
You r trying to get ppl to support your wall by only showing negative images re Mex. go after American Doc
why isn't there a ban on the countries that President Cheeto has businesses?
Amen Jeff.  --Your constituent
. Why don't the build a fifty thousand Watts electric fence. Now the would solve it , case close.
His ban doesn't include Saudi Arabia  ,Pakistan  ,Indonesia. All Muslim countries. Refutes your point!
Totally agree, thank you!
Hey bozo, isis is at war with us & has been since they started! Where the hell have you been? WAKE UP FOOL
Apparently, the US is only about Christians.
Religious preferences in any direction are a problem.

When did that happen? Please send source.
what is Trump doing to vet the school yard killers and the mall killers? Gun control is a must
Keep religion out of it, damn, learn from the past , it doesn't work
He's not dummy.
At what point do congress move to have Trump medically evaluated.  He tweeted what some fool said he can prove.
can we impeach him yet
What Trump has done singling out religion is unconstitutional. He needs to find a better way.
