FEMA denies Oregon's request for winter storm relief funds after millions in damage in Eastern Oregon http://www.ktvz.com/news/fema-denies-oregons-request-for-storm-relief-funds/497075466 …
Eastern OR suffered the collapse of roofs on onion packing facilities (150mil lbs of onions lost!), hay barns & small biz due to heavy snow.
As Americans, our ethos is to extend a helping hand to each other in difficult times.
I will do everything I can at the federal level to support @OregonGovBrown's plans to appeal Trump's decision to deny Oregon storm relief.
Please help impeach Trump.
Just came from Elgin OR School board budget meeting. Storm damage costs may mean we lay off teachers.
Well I would bet Elgin voted overwhelmingly for Trump. Sad he cares so little for anything except money.
Trump's budget also goes after rural air service. Because turning a trip to Elgin into a 5 day journey will be great for our economy
34% cut to Social Securit Administration is another of the many sins. Passing tax cut cost to the poor
Elgin has a large elderly population. Many people on SSI disability.
They can't afford it because we have to pay $1 mill daily so Melania doesn't have to live in the same house as trump!
Oregon is in the US. If Yaroslavl Oblast needed aid he would have Kellyanne Conway lead the flying monkeys there with funds immediately.
In their defense, they do have a very cool flag.
Very cool. If Trumpasaurus had his own flag, what would be pictured?
Just spitballing, but maybe a very tiny fist with fingers crossed behind the back of a fat man/clown? Colors mimic twitter identity.
Have to keep that money in the pockets of the rich.
Most times you r claiming global warming is destroying the planet. So how come your now claiming ice n snow storms destroyed  Oregon 

I'm assuming this is punitive. Was their a reason for the refusal? Are other states getting similar federal help?
He need de. $$$ for.his own business
Perhaps we could use some of the $705M we are wasting on illegal aliens in our shameful sanctuary state. Merkley remaining #StupidOnPurpose
... but certainly not surprised! @realDonaldTrump wouldn't help a stranded child for free. #ImpeachTrump #resist
Sounds like FEMA made a decision based on set criteria. Why are you trying to turn this into a partisan talking point? Do your job
So is it just Democratic states getting stiffed?
Trump doesnt control fema
Dear Trump supporters. He's not helping you.
They voted for trump and this is what you get.  They deserve no relief. That's MAGA!
Maybe he has joined the resistance group. We blame democrat leadership not trump
Punish the blue states. What's next? Deny CA relief if the big one hits? This is typical Trump retaliation
@repgregwalden How does Rep. Walden fell about that? I guess once he stripped healthcare from his people, the rest didn't matter so much.
Interesting that quote was that FEMA denied but you of course twist to @realDonaldTrump
Ironically, most of his Oregon voters live in eastern Oregon. Make sure they get the word regarding how much he appreciates their support.
Continuing trend, @realdonaldtrump wants to take the US back to the pre-FEMA days where natural events would obliterate cities off the map.
Bc Or is mostly blue state.45 only cares abt deep RED states.Even NC isn't red enough to get relief $ from 45.
Sorry about Oregon's luck, but Trump has better plans for those FEMA dollars.  Just ask Putin.  #TrumpRussia
He is following his scripted campaign promises in the belief that his 36% base of hard core followers will stick it out.
Make Walden ask Ryan, who can get things done in the WH. Trump doesn't read what he signs. Get Walden 2 slip in paperwork on a signing day
And he is supposed to be for the people? Maybe if we all has Russian names he would help
What I want to know is where @repgregwalden is with all this - it's his district that has been snubbed by the administration.
Lest Oregon believe it is payback for the election, he denied NC as well. Not enough money to pay for his family vacays AND citizens needs.
Sadly,  this is just another example of how he only cares for himself.
Make sure he isn't passing by blue states
he hates us because we want him to #resign  oregonians will outlast, outsmart, and outlive 45
Guess @realDonaldTrump wants to punish Oregon for voting for Hillary, but then the counties hardest hit voted for him - Trump is an idiot.
All states should expect nothing from the federal govt- specifically west coast. Unfortunate and despicable - this man is a soulless sociopa
@ruckawriter @realDonaldTrump @KTVZ Could you please measure the aid amount in #MarALago trips?
It's because Oregon didn't vote for him. For Trump, loyalty is to HIM is everything.
trump is vindictive. Oregon votes sensibly.
@vickscan @realDonaldTrump You not really surprised Ryou? He told you what he was before Jan 20. Some of us were listening
Call Putin and ask him to ask trump for the $. Problem solved.
Trump clearly doesn't understand that Eastern Oregon is Trumpland. Screws over his own voters.Thinks Oregon is all blue. He is a petty man.
What, are you surprised?
Surely you are not under the impression that he's here to serve the American people??!!  That would be naive.
Surprise! We are Blue.
Political payback.  OR supported Hillary.  Fight like hell, Jeff. Proud of you.  Devastated by Drumpf in office. In fact, whole GOP corrupt.
Trump too busy lining his own pockets, playing golf, selling secrets to Russia. Sorry OR. Y'all voted for the loser.
#sanctuarystate woes??? You asked 4 it by refusing enforcement of federal laws! #cantpick&chooselaws
Sorry...  But the money for his golf outings at Mar-a-Lago has to come from SOMEWHERE!   *rolls eyes*
Did you try asking in Russian?
Is that the make america great again guy who is giving out every secret we probably ever had to Russia with love
Trump has no money for blue states.
Quid pro quo - he won't pay us because we didn't vote for him.  He is the biggest, non-funny joke of a President I could ever imagine.
And he said he cared about working people. Aren't Oregon farmers, many of which probably voted for him, important enough? Devastating loss $
Another example of how petty and childish he is. It is all about revenge.
He does not want to do anything good for the American people. He wants to take away and put the money in his pocket
He's doing it to North Carolina too. Don't feel left out.
Sorry! That $ was probably used 2 secure Trump Towers w/new, I mean SAFER, windows. Or 2 pay Trumps golf fees ON COURSES HE OWNS!
But prob also important to point out I don't think Flint,MI has received ANY FedAid for long running #WaterCrisis
It's because of your marijuana laws.
That's definitely disappointing but not quite so much as the treason
ITS BECAUSE YOU DIDNT KISS THE RING.
Didn't Oregon refuse help to these same people? I think I remember reading that.
NC asked for $900 m for flooding. Getting $6.1 m.
Knowing him, only states that voted for him will ever get FEMA $.
Idaho same thing happening
Dippy Donald's revenge. Not a surprise.
Didn't he turn down help for PA as well? Anything just to get $ for walk and 1%
They need those funds for tax cuts for billionaires

We need to end this shit show before too many people die
Which is where this is heading
Appalling ... which is his MO
Same here in NC. The damage here ironically impacted areas that voted for Trump.
Trump is so wrapped up in himself he doesn't know other people exist.  He is totally unfit, in every way.
Disappointed but not surprised. Go get em, Jeff.
Thats how every sentence about @realDonaldTrump begins. Sadly this is as far as any Senator is willing to go. #VOTEOUTALLINCUMBANTS
he said he was going to punish states that did not overwhelmingly vote 4 him besides he needs money 4 golf
Trump needs the money for Mar A Lago vacations.
cheetoman dont know how to do his dam job
Why would he care about Oregon when he only has eyes for Russia?
Disappointed?! This is heartless, cruel, and unAmerican. DJT iclearly doesn't care about America and Americans #LockHimUp
Get rid of Brown then making Oregon would have funds.
FEMA denied! It's doubtful Potus even saw anything. FEMA denied, because state should be able to handle! Stop wasting our $ then we could.
He's doing so much damage on his own
Time to rely on ourselves for what we need - Talk to California's Governor...maybe we can work out a deal with them.
Oregonians who voted for Trump & vote for @repgregwalden make sure he is out in 2018. @Indivisible_OR
That's because the $$$ are going to Russia. He doesn't give a flying fuc# about the USA
Disgraceful. You'd think they almost looked at how Oregon voted and decided.
@OMAHAGEMGIRL @realDonaldTrump @KTVZ He won't help any state that didn't vote red. Revenge is his Number 1 metric.
Maybe if you did not piss on the white house carpet every time someone mentions a Trump policy. You would see some federal funds in #Oregon.
That's because Oregon didn't vote for him, to be sure.
Trump likes ketchup.  Doesn't like onions.  Probably just that simple.
I contracted with FEMA. A useless agency. On the other Jan should you support some of his projects, he would reciprocate.
Oregon is a blue state. Since the state didn't go in his win column, he'll NEVER approve any funds coming this way.
Sorry to bust your bubble but Oregon was pretty hard core Reagan county before you decided to gentrify it
Whatever. It's blue now and that's what matters to me.
And you only think about yourself
Grow up. What does MY single voice in the whole state of Oregon have to do with FEMA refusing funds?  I don't need any, didn't ask for any.
That seems his small-minded payback for the election...
So am I but certainly not surprised. We are not his rich bed mates. Besides he wants federal money spent on his golf trips.
Fenton is still *acting* administrator; still no chief @fema, which will no doubt spell disaster for future emergency preparedness needs.
but he has time to meet with the Russian Foreign Minister and give out secrets 
#priorities
They're too busy buying guillotines for fema camps 1 through 47... ;---/  douchebag govt.
I am sorry,but it seems that this administration doesn't care about the country. Golf courses, choc cake, clothing lines. American people NO
Gotta pay for those wealthcare cuts somehow!
Devistating news for our small businesses. 
has he approved any?
We need to adjust our tax structure so we pay more to the states and less to the Federal government since they are so greedy/cruel. #Enough
He's going to need those FEMA funds for himself....
Not surprised. Petty, stingy, not-too-smart Trump team too enmeshed in #Trumprussia. Time to get woke to Trump's tricks. #GOPTrumpwoke.
He's using it for his golf courses & hotels
Maybe if you or your state start giving him some respect than he will start giving you some respect? Ya think?
thats not how the federal govt allocates disaster aid. jesus fucking christ. how about North Carolina? They got less than 10% for their aid!
Predictable. Oregon didn't vote for the fool.  And we all know he holds a grudge. #notmypresident
NC voted for him, and his admin withheld 99% of requested funding for Hurricane Matthew. He just doesn't care about anyone but himself.
Very true. #Sad
Trump is putting that money towards the big tax cut for the rich. Trump doesn't care about farmers or businesses beyond his own business
Call Canada.
No important golf courses there
Y'all didn't vote for him
He'd like to see the whole blue West Coast be nuked by North Korea. But Karma is on the way.....Go, Blue States!
We sincerely apologize for @POTUS cutting @FEMA funding. On the bright side, the top 2% richest Americans are getting a tax break with #AHCA
A sanctuary state denied federal funds. 
You'd think he'd want to help his buddy @repgregwalden for his steadfast support.
I have a feeling any blue state is on their own, He has always been that type of person
Must be @repgregwalden  again, doing his best to screw over the people of Oregon.

He didn't win Oregon, which is what everything is about with Trump. He has maps and everything.
Or you would have money if you quit giving free handouts
