#Breaking: The Trump administration will end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, program. http://n.pr/2wE4faB 
This move to tear apart families and harm our economy is unacceptable. Congress should move immediately to make #DACA permanent. #DefendDACA
Um no it wouldn't.  It would be a devastating blow to Apple, & Amazon who benefit from ILLEGAL immigrants who under cut wages by reducing..
Job supply, kids of the future, & our society would earn higher wages because these big mega corporations couldn't hire an under class to...
Work for them.  I have read the whole GDP argument that stopping ILLEGAL immigrants from taking jobs is bs.  If anything it would reduce...
Unemployment by native citizens who would take up those jobs, & reduce welfare cost thus saving us money while increasing prosperity.
In fact, I think the real reason why politicians like Jeff want ILLEGAL immigrants is because he lost the native citizen voter.
To bad Obama passed a EA instead of Comprehensive Immigration  when ne had the chance...
DACA was an unconstitutional EO shot down by the 5th Circuit Court of appeal and a lie- no job, no path to citizenship, shame on you
Parents who willfully broke the law are to blame - these "children" are in their 20-30's their responsibility to make things right not ours
End DACA. It's time we focus on Americans first. You want American benefits, become a legal resident, assimilate and become a proud American
Why do they deserve gov handouts paid for by American taxpayers?? You Dems are soon to be a thing of the past!!
Well you have 6 months to bring your ideas to the table.  Be sure to tweet your plan it should be good since u want to be next president
Stop trump and his evil agenda. #Merkley2020
since when is upholding the Constitution and legally rescinding an unconstitutional EC (Article 1 Section) Did not vote for Hillary or Trump
Why do "DREAMers" get a free ride to college at the expense of American taxpayers, while American children have to go into massive debt?
Exactly, our kids have to pay to join any school activities, illegal immigrant kids pay nothing! Is it fair?
Do your job, Jeff! The blaming game is too old!  It's the congress's responsibility to do it right, and quick!
I want you to know that I voted for President Trump because I wanted change and change he will bring if everyone helps him!
Oh he's bringing change. Like when a wrecking ball "changes" a building.
Lol. Watch and learn what a good president can do
Jury still out - give credit for upholding the constitution and make congress do their job -the rest ...meh
And you have done NOTHING to fix the broken immigration program of America.    Resign let someone work for America rather than nothing
#PORKUS #NOTPOTUS #LiarinChief #WannabDickTraitor #WhinnyLiar #PrezFraud #IMPEACHMENT #DEPLORABLEPREZ #GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #DelusionsofGrandeur
@SenJeffMerkley is a blow to us economy.
Could you work on the huge fire in Oregon? Call in the super tanker! Use your common sense on priorities plz
I'm so glad to see everybody getting all geared up. Maybe now we might even do something about tax reform. Or maybe even build a wall
Aliens have cost us more than that. Get rid of them
IF U were a BETTER SENATOR you would know that DACA IS NOT LAW. U voted against it. Obama did it on his own. U hv 0 respect 4 LAW & ORDER
DO YOUR JOB.  Immigration needs a legislative fix.  Stop pandering to your  uneducated (or willfully ignorant) base!
@NPR DACA is unconstitutional. In 2010 congress had a chance to address this but Pelosi/Reid hid the truth just like the ACA
Where did this data come from. Please verify or look to be another political stooge spouting baloney
It's an unconstitutional law passed by previous potus. Lay blame on yourself and the rest of Congress for this
How are people "courageous" for being dragged here by their parents?
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 4 gives Congress power over immigration & naturalization. DACA was unconstitutional. U wnt 2 keep it? Pass a law
Devastating to real people and the economy. Trump is cruel and shortsighted in his obsession to end all Obama initiatives.
DACA was unconstitutional. The constitution gives Congress power over immigration and naturalization, not the president.
OBAMA 2011"I talk to immigration advocates, they wish I could just bypass Congress and change the law myself"No DACA Biil from Dem Senators!
Again it shows how ignorant trump is of the facts! His only criteria for ending is the Obama name is attached! He's very sick!
and racist at its core. Call a spade a spade Senator. Trump, Sessions, et. al are racists.
GOP is wrong about everything, 100% of the time.
He gave you time to save it stop cry babying and get to work.  The economic argument is yet another lie you are trying to feed people.
Hey, the states on fire, why don't you comment?
Because he doesn't care about the people of Oregon and the US, only illegal trespassing squatters!
Senator Merkley please protect my husband!   Could loose everything!We need the bill passed fast.  #saveDACA
@NPR No it is not heartless to restore the rule of law. You are just lazy and don't want to actually earn your pay.
We Oregonians know you and Sen. Wyden will do the right thing for the Dreamers. Best of luck!
Ending #DACA is unconscionable. The US will suffer in the world view.  More importantly it will destroy a huge number of lives. Stop it!
When will you impeach - this is getting ridiculous
He can't impeach Trump. He's in the Senate not the House of Representatives. Learn your constitution & you would also know DACA was illegal.
The President wants Congress to do it's job. So do the American people. Less grandstanding, more legislation!
Send T***P back to his tower. He is an illegal president.
??? Did you forget your 8th grade civics class? Trump is your duly elected, legitimate president.
ok we know what happened r u going to lead us and throw out the nazi fascist pig out #RemoveTrumpnow #DeportMelania
DACA is Illegal-legal immigration is the ONLY path to citizenship. This Illegal MEMO by Obama Subverted the Constitution
It is called the rule of law #MAGA #DACA
god Jeff, everyday it just gets worse w this Fakeprez. He ruins the country on purpose for attention, while GOP sits idly!
With this move he is forcing Congress to actually do their job.
460 Billion Taxpayers money that can build A Wall to Stop Illegal Aliens from entering
Do something besides Tweeting. Please.
So now violating federal law makes you "courageous." #EndDACA
#DreamersAreLegal till Trump makes them illegal
Like this one?  It has bipartisan support so it will likely become law and #Dreamers will get to stay.
Thats very American of you.
Perhaps more of our Americans can pick up those jobs and all the educated young #DACA adults can go back to their home country and work
Yep...
#DACA is unconstitutional.
First They came for the alien, they They came for me.  Stop the fascism of the Trump Administration. #ethicsmatter #DACAWorks
#DramaAlert
Facts>Emotion
counting on you, @RonWyden and rest of Congress to counter this racist move on dreamers.
#NationalDreamersSickDay
Then DO SOMETHING! Pass a bill, SAVE THESE PEOPLE!
Enforcing long standing immigration law is not heartless. Illegal aliens are not immigrants.
#Dreamers arent illegal until Trump makes them illegal.  Is this America's greatness?
Yes they were. DACA was unconstitutional. Article 1 Section 8 gives Congress power over immigration and naturalization, nor the president.
...and when Congress passes the Dreamers Act of 2017, the conversation will be over.
Who cares as long as we have our Wall
so what are YOU specifically going to do about it.  3 EQUAL branches of govt. You are one..  DO SOMETHING
Striking to hear Sessions wax poetic about importance of the rule of law in light of the Arpaio pardon.
