You oppose EVERY effort to safeguard our home from Islamic terrorism &  flood our state with even MORE Muslims. This is YOUR fault!
Um Muslims were the ones being harassed on the train.
They wouldn't be harassed if they had not been imported. They should not be here.
You're insane
And luckily in the minority..
No. More people agree with me. Every poll shows most people do not want them here.
America was formed by immigration and we are at the forefront of diversity and culturism. Unfortunately for you the Muslim ban got REJECTED
NO, we are not a nation of immigrants. Our country was founded on colonization by Europeans, mostly from Britain. Don't sugar coat reality.
when i told my mom the first time rednecks threatened me on a max train she laughed at me. now shes calling in fear for my life.
I carry cane, pepper spray, pocket knife & keep flare gun in car.

I urge u, all good Americans 2 arm urselves, selfdefend %.

Stay safe 
One of those little containers of chili lime salt can come in handy thrown in a face.
It is considered a condiment, not a weapon.
And this isn't terrorism because a white guy did it?
thats so racists! white guys can so be terrorists! 
We need equality
yup. not a matter of want. it is a NEED.
@Solutioneer72 @Oregonian this won't be the last time. Especially the longer Trump stays in office.
where were the police?????
Action needed not just words. Congress needs to address this domestic terrorism that will worsen left unchecked.
Any country that can produce heroes like those three is going to be all right.
The murderer was a "deranged nihilist who just wants to watch the world burn." https://heatst.com/culture-wars/why-is-the-media-branding-this-portland-hate-crime-murder-suspect-a-trump-supporter-hes-not/?utm_content=buffer64e7e&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer …
He has more in common with Tim Kaine's son than he does with anyone on the Right.
..he was a true democrat ...imagine that..hateful and racist just like the democrats of the past.
Please don't forget what Memorial Day is4- 2celebrate lives of defenders of our country's right 2practice your religion w/out persecution.
The perpetrator looks deranged.
I can't press the heart button on this issue, but wanted to acknowledge your post. Terrible tragedy. Thank you
you were quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
s watch over peace mercy comfort
Hate against Muslims. Ignorance and fear. My condoleances to the families of the men who tried to stop it.
To the families. I am so very sorry for the pain you are going through. I send my love.
A father, should unit his family not to apart it, speech of hate can be dangerous when spoken by powerful man, let's speak love and unity.
#Trumpski is evil.
There are lots of people in OR who wrap themselves in the flag as patriots but are terrorists. Time to stop coddling them.
So we have a problem, how are we going to fix it?
Trump supporter claimed, "This is America, I can do whatever I want."
White christian terrorists strike again.
This is Domestic terrorism and really sad day. Thanks @SenJeffMerkley for speaking out. Any word from @realDonaldTrump
Welcome to @realDonaldTrump 's America
Call it Radical Republican Terror.Why are moderate Rs not protesting this? We need to ban all Rs until we know what the hell is going on.
How long do you think we will wait for WH to unequivocally condemn this?
Hate is to blame. Not Trump
How very Christian of him.
Terrible tragedy. I admire those three good Samaritans very much & hope this madman will not discourage others. Good he didn't have a gun.
Terrorist Trumpistas murdering people all over the country. Trump has put gasoline on the smoldering hatred here. #TRUMPISM  #KKK #AltRight
One of the victims--my daughter's 23 year old co-worker. His blood is on the hands of all those who incite hate.
Congratulations to Faux terror network, the republican party and mango Mussolini. great job guys and now you can say mission accomplished!
Very sad about deaths of two heroes but proud of bravery and high moral values that are so often demonstrated by the people of Portland.
#Hate is not da #problem. It's #evil intention dat matters. Only #cowardly #men attack #women. No matter da #religion.
I'm still in utter shock this happened here. It's just heinous! Thankful they caught him before he could hurt anyone else!
No one will call this terrorism because he was a Bernie Sanders voter?  His facebook page is all about Bernie and standing rock. Execute him
The last time he was ranting in public with a baseball bat police were present.
People that can freely speak racist hate should be investigated just as suspected terrorist would be investigated.
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
Umm, isnt this what your prez @realDonaldTrump asked him to do? "Ask not what your country.....U kno the rest..Hate begats hate.
Oregon has three new heroes, it shouldn't have to have. No to hate and no to terrorism from any ideology. Yes to brave patriots standing up.
I agree. The gov doesn't call these haters "terrorists." Heck, they never even called the KKK or NeoNazis that. They're as bad as IS or AQ.
Trump has empowered the hating filth that was dormant for decades. He's not going to do anything. It's up to us to fight back.
you were quoted in an article by @TIME
Something terrific should happen to the hero who was injured, let alone those who died. Thanks!
This is horrifying! Hate is on the rise and the leader of the country ignores it. Not acceptable
No doubt he is an evil, Sen. not you but I ask others, please do not bring up this evils' mental issue to downgrade his devilish intention.
Please tell us the names of the victims! GOD I learned the name of the evil fuck that did this first! PLEASE tell us who was killed!
This is a terrorist attack . Please call it what it is
@Jimryan015 Innocent passengers gave their lives standing up for fellow citizens..true courage, American patriots and heroes
^ coming from someone without the courage to defend the innocent
Why does everyone assume he's mentally ill? Is it because he's white? This is simply domestic terrorism fueled by WH actions.
Hate must not be tolerated; those Good Samaritans are American heros.  We owe it to them to keep standing up against hate.
Terror attack? Nah ... can't call it that unless a brown person does it.
Trumps America
I feel extremely sorry for you.
To intervene when you are facing a madman racist, terrorist with a knife that is courage.  To sacrifice oneself to save another.
@HouseGOP on you
Terrible
@Jimryan015 this is #terrorism what are we waiting for? You think justice is going to serve itself? #resist
Actually, watching this Senator act in the Senate, speaking against the deplorable alt-wrong is inspiring.
Heartbreaking loss of brave good samaritans.  Hate is indeed evil.
Was it caused by a mentally unstable person, or is it another example of bigotry and hatred? Very sad in our city. Sign of the times?
I am so saddened by this in our fair city.im saddened for our world.
Horrible
And I see you felt the same way about the London attacks, right?
GOP owns this.
Was there for 4 weeks. My bike just arrived back to NJ today. This is not the Portland I experienced. Peace to my UBI brothers.
Horribly sad. A nightmare. Love this town and state.
Heartbreaking
CALL IT WHAT IT IS, A TERROR ATTACK.
Too bad someone on hand wasn't armed could have possiblely saved a life
Or shot a lot of innocent people in the moment of confusion and horror. Could see other seeing the gun & thinking it was part of the attack
If you incite it, it will come. This is the direct consequence of his hate rhetoric. So sad we lost the good ppl who stand up to this.
SJW?
Ahhh, gotcha

We need mental health care for those who could act so tragically. We need someone to speak out nationally for unity&respect
Holy crap -
Racist yells at Muslims, Racist stabs nonmuslims, is afraid of Muslims stabbing people.

That's illogical Jim.
I can guarantee Trump won't mention this. Thank you for recognizing these heroes that sought to protect others from hate.
I hope you will encourage @trimet to increase security on MAX system. Nobody should have to die while riding public transportation in #PDX
Portland needs federal funding for mental health services. This is making a region unlivable. Today it killed 2 innocent people.
So can you!
I'm so sad that this happened in my neighborhood. We are supposed to be better than this. Hatred is stupid.
This is heartbreaking. I hope this doesn't discourage any of us from speaking out against hate. Best way to keep their memories alive.
Me too. I hope people will choose to stand and be brave. We need more heroes like the persons that lost their lives from this tragedy.
Senator hate isn't evil.  Hate is part of the human experience.  Xenophobia is evil.  Gender bias is evil.  Trump is ...
Trump has done this along with his fear mongering minions.
We can't let this happen Senator.
