With all due respect Sen. Merkley Trump MUST resign. He is beyond help, he's a damaged individual who is unqualified to be our president.
Who do you want to replace him?
Let's cross that bridge when we come to it. Trump needs to go, period. Pence is complicit in the Russia thing I'm sure so he won't last.
What Russia thing. Hillary had more money from Russians than Trump.
I'm not going to discuss anything with one who obviously enjoys and believes propaganda. Have a nice day and take care. &
Good answer, Cheryl.
Agreed! 
I don't believe only I know the truth or that I'm right. But when they say certain things you know they can't accept facts and it's futile.
His rhetoric was not vicious. He denounced all that incite violence on BOTH sides. Antifa is a vile group of people.
I would suggest you smoke more weed!
Cannabis can help my migraines but doesn't help with Liberals
I'm going to help you with one Liberal. BLOCK
Please do
DONE
He can start by resigning. He does not have the ability or competence for the office.
He has done a good job with N. Korea
I support you Sen Merkley but Trump has already proved he is NOT fit to be POTUS. I'm infuriated that it is overlooked.
Yeah, like resign! Only thg better is being led out in cuffs. Srsly need 2 reconsider law that u can't pursue charges against sitting prez!
It's always about the economy, silly. How about implementing Friedman's Negative Income Tax and giving people #Free2Choose policies instead?
You and your party are disgusting race baiters I am disgusted with the way your party handled their loss  shame on you hate is a bad thing
@realDonaldTrump can't save us from what is lacking in him as a basic human being. HE is what's wrong in @WhiteHouse.
This is just rearranging the deck chairs, DT is a full blown racist, always has been, always will be.
And what about the damage done  by YOUR vicious rhetoric.. I see nothing from you about healing the divide.. only trash Trump..!
Moving him out of the WH doesn't mean he is out of the circle of loons.
Bannon's exit is not enough to save Trump's job. Vote to censure and impeach.
The only thing he can do to repair the damage he's done is resign! #ImpeachTrump
No one can heal the country as long as there are hate mongers like you Merkley. Retire
You joking right? There is nothing that can heal this country but Trump in jail
Such BS. Confederate Statues we're all DEMOCRATS. Read letter by J. Palmeria enclosed.
So Bill Clinton DEMOCRAT signed into law making Robert E. Lee a holiday in Arkansas. Confederate Statues we're Democrats. Trump's a Racist 
Senator how many x  r u n the rest of both sides gonna ask him to unite the country? Sad to say not on his agenda, isnt it clear by now? Ugh
Now if Merckley would just go away....
I must be on a crazy page
Yes. He must resign.
Go watch the Eclipse You have screwed Oregonians enough THIS IS NOT ARMAGEDDON
you democrats are tiresome! We lived for over 8 years with your racism, & now YOUR hateful rhetoric
Funny how your hateful rhetoric is actually the biggest reason for the divide in this country.
Call a spade a spade? Srsly. If you are pro- American and Pro your constituents, you will start impeachment proceedings!! get real
condemn AntiFa. Immediately. You want terrorist thugs normalised in your state and country? Why don't YOU heal something?
He won't. He's a nazi sympathizer. Please understand the (lack of) character of who's in the Oval Office.
Confused..Nazi sympathizers do not support a daughters marriage to and conversion to Judism..or hire multiple people of color as key staff.
But they do express sympathy for nazis by insisting that "fine people" take part in their rallies. Hope that clears up your confusion.
Keep up the pressure Senator! Standing behind you!! We will get past this. Thank you.
Just from reading your tweets, seems Bannon is not the only one using "vicious rhetoric".
He needs to be gone!!!
Like resign
Trump is not going to heal any country. He is still trying to burn it to the ground. If we can get him out, MAYBE we can heal from this
Sorry senator DT doesn't know the meaning of the word "healing". Not when u have so much hate in your body.
Bannon is going back to Breitbart to wage propaganda war for Trump.  We are not rid of him.
No it was the media and you cry babies in Congress who inflicted the wounds , his statements were just fine.

U R nuts, you and others like you have the most devastating rhetoric. Listen to the vile speak and rhetoric from the liberal left, RNC, DNC
He can't heal the country. We must do that ourselves.
His best move would be to resign...
You are the infection that plagues our nation.  Enough hate speech from the Oregon Senators.  Grow up!
It's rhetoric like this that keeps country divided. What have you done to heal divide. All I see is hate conservatives no matter what.
Trump is a racist and white supremacist. He needs to be removed. Say it, Senator. Trump needs to be removed. What will it take? #DoSomething
DT is right. Bad eggs in both groups looking for fights. Just like in all other protests. He did denounce them all.
reading Bannon is saying he is now free to ramp up his agenda, knowing what he knows now.  He's not going quietly back under his rock.
It's unfortunate Bannon will continue to be in constant contact with DT, no matter where he is, influencing him in the worst possible ways.
He can heal the country - by resigning.
How do we shield America from your talking points??
trump and his freakshow of family and cabinet all need to leave the admin if we wish to close the divide that he is widening daily!
Be a MAN! @MariaChappelleN If you Do Not Call for Her to Resign YOU SHOULD #Resign THIS IS NOT HOW AN AMERICAN BEHAVES! @gop @dnc @DNCWomen
Why are you even entertaining that?  He's beyond help.  Don't encourage him.  Get him out
I agree. He should start by kicking your sorry excuse for a senator out out of Washington
Senator Merkley we must remember food shelter clothing Wells Fargo stop from stealing FHA 30-year mortgages needed low monthly payments
NO. He didn't. He won't. He must go. That's what you need to be working on Senator Merkely. Please.
Remember, it's not over until He-who-must-always-be-shamed is out too
He must not ever be trusted. He still has AG, Gorka and wife, and Stephen Miller.
Vicious rhetoric?!?!  Lol.  Senator, you're hilarious.  How about getting Healthcare fixed.
CTRL-ALTRIGHT-DELETE
Like resign.
Yeah like resign.
YOU need to do more .! Impeach this joker
Such as in leaving the presidency.
Only option is to remove Trump from the presidency if
For Venezuela.
Donald Trump needs to be "fired". He will never heal or unite this country.
What rhetoric?
The 21 trillion debt, more than half of that in the last 8 years and all we have to show for it is division, look what progressive socialism
u must be talking about the vicious rhetoric of the seditionists Maddow and Larry baby. Their mantra is 'sedition to perdition"
He needs to #Resign. #TrumpRussia #TrumpKlan
Fire GORKA and Miller
And tired of the perverted political progressive hypocrisy which divides we the people for there power and purse, what is truly racist is
Trump against all odds won the Presidency, not because of the Russians or Nazis, because the silent majority and working mid class are sick
Resign Merkley & save the American people from your lies & negative rhetoric.
And hyperbole and downright lies.
He won't. He need to go.
u mean like resign. That is the only thing.
Many of you substitute your hate for Trump by throwing what ever you can at him hoping it sticks by exacerbating what you throw.
He can't do enough even if he works the rest of his days at it. Time for him to fade into oblivion and let someone worthy lead
He cannot heal it.  He needs to go.
Bannon will continue to wage war on our country. He and Mercer battling us online, Trump's armed militias in the streets, and Sessions. War.
Wait until you find out whose behind these bought and paid for protestors ON BOTH SIDES. You'll then know what vicious is & it's not @POTUS
Only thing @realDonaldTrump needs to do is resign. What you all need to do is everything you can to get him out. Fix yourselves get votes!
He must do....he should do....but he won't.  

Trump doesn't look outward, he's interested only in what's within him.
Like Resign?  #PleaseResign    #ImpeachTrumpNOW
Yes he ahould do more.. .RESIGN!!!!!!
How would you know??
He cannot heal us. He is the sickness that is dividing us!
I agree Jayne. Cancer must be removed
Trump could resign or you could #ImpeachTrump

Trump needs to go too, America has to heal from having a fake president! Resign or impeachment! Lets make America great AGAIN!
This will take a miracle. #IMPEACH
No we need to be rid of that monument to slavery called the Democratic party.
Strange, I missed all of the Celebration from you and the rest of you 
Liberal A-holes for President Trump's averting a Nuclear War !
PDJT called out all racist violent behavior , in fact PDJT is the 1st sitting president to call it out! If you don't believe me look it up!
What rhetoric? give me a quote after watching an entire talk in context show me minute and video
Yeah, resign.
Yeah how about helping the most vulnerable foster kids disabled seniors. Homeless. Instead of helping illegals. Homeless 25 %
He said on Tuesday that MR Bannon came to the campaign late, so that means all the hateful rhetoric and lies at his rallies-all him!
What hateful rhetoric? Grow a spine
You're kidding right? Dimms and press will attack no matter what is said. Playing the race card now which never ends well for those doing so
Like resigning immediately.
Heal? He is letting truth loose so society can heal itself.  Hidden elites no longer have a monopoly on the minds of citizens.
#Narrative
What? Have you ANY logical rational thinking skills?
The wounds inflicted upon this admin has come from the party of donkeys and a few GOP jackasses that felt they were entitled to the post...
Not holding my breath
.@realDonaldTrump won't.  He can't see past himself & what he wants no matter the cost to everyone else. #WorstPresidentEver
He is not capable
Agreed. He can start by resigning.
This man is who he is there is no ability on his part to be an actual president.  He should resign then our country can try to move forward
The ONLY thing Trump must do is RESIGN. PERIOD. Bannon isn't the sole problem. Trump's racism is. Basically, Donald Trump is the problem.
He won't. He won't apologize, won't admit fault, won't pivot, won't become presidential, and he will never even pretend to be compassionate.
He doesn't have the smarts, the compassion, or the savvy to do it. Sorry.
Yes...he should just resign.
Trump didn't fire Bannon because of his racism, in fact Trump claims Bannon isn't racist at all. Trump fired him because he UPSTAGED Trump.
He didn't like the on the record article. You are right
No, senator--you and your colleagues should start talking about impeachment rather than asking an unreformable man to reform himself.

Trump's the one inflicting the wounds
Cnn is inflicting the wounds by praying on weak minds
Love you  @SenJeffMerkley now you need to help us get #FireMillerGorkaSessions then maybe the #TheResistance can relax a little. #Impeach
TRUMP PENCE MILLER GORKA & KELLYANNE! The Lunatics are still running the Asylum! Bannon is on the loose with secrets & names not good at all
His resignation would be a good 1st step & he can do it in under 140 characters. 
He can't. He won't. Senator, they're tweakers.
We don't expect jagged knife to heal the wounds it makes, let's move on from expecting @realDonaldTrump  to do anything but make them worse
He needs to RESIGN ASAP
There is nothing he can do - at 71yrs old, too late to display compassion or tell truth other than his own version-usually false.  SAD
Get over it, wimp.
How about #ImpeachTrumpNow remove the #HeadOfTheSnake #trumpTrainWreck he is a #WhiteSupremacist
Senator, I don't think so. (re Good riddance)
If this was a scary movie, don't run into the barn...
It won't happen.
Sir,we will never believe or trust trump,Enough is enough.
Like...resign?
He can fire the whole lot of them. He's still there
...by resigning immediately. There is no hope for Trump he is both a terrible person and leader.
Lets see ur not even American right
