Puerto Rico is  a massively bankrupt island territory. Are you expecting a magic genie to fix their lack of infrastructure ?
They have corrupt officials. They should have buried electric lines. 1000 miles away and they expect it yesterday.
Puerto Rico should have had a massive disaster plan in place. 
Destroyed roads and no drinking water prep for storms is not Trumps fault
Same with people who live in flood zones that constantly flood. If you want to live there HAVE A PLAN !
I hope you have a plan for Oregon if there is a quake, eruption or tidal wave.  Easy to blame others for ones lack of preparation.
Our governor is quite good at preparation and Sens. Merkley and Wyden can be counted on to work with her on the needed declarations and legislation. We're fine, thanks. Worry about your own state.
Then how would your or your Senators now how to rebuild a island territory of 3.4 million people with poorly built homes & roads missing?
Can I just mention Obama=golf. Missed your texts when flooding occurred and he was on the course.
Obama was golfing as he bombed the hell out of Libya
Think about the effect of your Tweet. What does it leave people feeling, effective, empowered? What about a call to action?

Where was your outrage then
Why wasn’t PR better prepared?
With all the supplies sitting behind here during photo op why weren't they distributed? Lead, follow or get out of the way!
Here, choose any inner coastal town. Utuado. Jayuya. Orocovis. Florida. Aibonito. Ciales. What would you do different if you their mayor?
Boy is that true. What a leader! Not
IT’S HORRIBLE LEADERSHIP! She had NO supplies ready!
You are VERY MISTAKEN #WHEREWEREYOUDURINGOBAMA?
You do know the P.R mayor is the one holding things up .there are plenty of supplies sitting there .unions playing a game for money.

The president ran the show from his golf club! He was directing it all!
And then he hints at war with N Korea. When it's proven, Killing innocents is unnecessary. Surgical removal as Obama did with bin Laden!
@Thom_Hartmann Yeah but he just dedicated a golf trophy to hurricane victims. Next dedicating an assault rifle to Vegas vics
Don't confuse myths with History, please. About Marie Antoinette: http://www.jstor.org/stable/pdf/24448793.pdf?seq=1#page_scan_tab_contents …
Mayor Soto’s plan was to bitch and beg!
I love how confederals are not seen as anti American.
Our mayor on Miami beach had Storage containers full of water he started delivering as soon as the storm passed
Ur unbelievable in all U say! DNC BS. No truth or work ethic! U are the one that is doing nothing!
Other mayors appreciate Trump's help. The San Juan mayor is more concerned with coddling terrorists Obama released than doing her job.
Neighboring mayor praises Trump, says San Juan mayor playing "politics," AWOL at meetings http://washex.am/2kd0l5J  
Here, choose any inner coastal town. Utuado. Jayuya. Orocovis. Florida. Aibonito. Ciales. What would you do different if you their mayor?
Marie Antoinette had better judgement than this clown.
You're a jerk meekly for playing politics at this time....shame on you
#appallingtomarathonproportions
Let them eat golf.
Obama golfed while he bombed the hell out of Libya.
Oh, just stop.
Here, choose any inner coastal town. Utuado. Jayuya. Orocovis. Florida. Aibonito. Ciales. What would you do different if you their mayor?
Jeff you are a joke politician
I'd gladly (and fervently) volunteer for your campaign should you choose to run against him, Senator!
And... VOILA!
It is done in PR! FEMA has been doing it! 50% if the roads are already cleared and they’ve only reported 16 deaths.
You know when you help your neighbor out over and over but still they waste their money. When do you stop?
The San Juan mayor is an embarassment, we all know the right way to appropriate funding for natural disasters is to hug the POTUS.
I can't understand the depth of your ignorance.
Exactly my thoughts.
And of course all senators work 365 days a year leading....???Try reading Stephen Covey's 7 habits of highly effective leaders.
“Let them eat cake.”
And your idea of leadership is to continually criticize without offering a solution?  You are clueless.
I'm pretty sure there is plenty of aide and no one distributing it...more is needed, but let's no go into total propaganda here
Actually, TEAM USA won and they raised a huge amount of money for Puerto Rico but don't let facts get in your way.
.@realDonaldTrump hands the @PresidentsCup  to Captain Stricker and Team USA. http://glfdig.st/P1nrP5I  
You are a pompus xxx and a liar hope God brings  you down
Poor leadership is when you have the supplies but can't get truck drivers to distribute them because there on strike, That's not on Trump!
Marie or Emperor Nero. The mean little man golfed while Puerto Rico flooded.
Dear Senator, God knows we had our lot of lunatic smug leaders too but, honestly, nothing compared to Mr Trump (even poor Marie-Antoinette)
"Oh, don't they have water? Well, let them drink  champagne."
We need to take care of Texas 1st. Puerto Rico was offered statehood in The 80s. But they said no.  Just keep sending our welfare Benifits.
Your a hypocrite senator and doing nothing but trying to divide this country.   Better look out the voters are watching
I've got a decent whet stone to sharpen the guillotine ..... but than again blunt would be good.
Thank you. All I keep thinking is, "let them eat cake!" His disconnect with reality is shocking.
WTF are you doing about it Senator? You politicians are all the same. You just suck from different money tits. #25thAmendmentNow #DeposeDJT
Nearer 2Nero. Remember Him? Insane Ruler Of Rome Who Thru Inept Leadership, Caused Gr8 Harm 2His Ppl & Fiddled While ROME BURNED? TRUMP=NERO
Work with us call us now
Let them eat cake.....meanwhile KJU is polishing the hydrogen bomb and has a pic of trump on the head......
More like her hubby Louis XVI. Marie get too maligned by this comparison.
Why not write a book on it!
So when does the guillotine enter the scenario? After the “cake” I imagine....

And just what else can he do??? He has been on top of the work going on. Just ask the governor and even geraldo rivera who are both there.
I refuse to believe that Congress can’t do something about this president.Step outside ur box & remove him!
and what to u want him to do go down there and start driving truck and delivering supplies r u really that stupid I guess so
Upset you weren't invited?

EXCLUSIVE: Fellow Puerto Rico Mayor Rips San Juan Mayor — ‘She’s Not Participating In Any Meetings’

Get a clue @SenJeffMerkley

He only speaks to the very worst
Mr. Senator Jeff Merkley has been dumb down by CNN,  you sir are the SWAMP!!!
Some jackass who has no clue about leadership critizing somebody else about it !!! This is pure Trump mentality !!
Go to hell. Doing 10x what Obama ever did about anything. Corruption in PR is the problem.
You become more irrelevant with each name-calling day that passes.
Notice a theme?

Did you take a shower with the lights on in your air conditioned house while PR suffered? Life doesn't stop.
With 28 ships of supplies in San Juan port.  LIAR AS ALL DEMORATS
Where is your leadership?  Appears your whole schtick is to attack Trump.  Please do something useful for a change other than divide.
And things didn’t go well for Marie
How can he say that someone poor leadership, what is he doing poor leadership
Let it go Jeff, or fly there’s yourself and actually do something about it, whining about it every day does nothing.
Our country is suffering from hateful and daily divisive rhetoric. Sadly our two parties lead this march! Call your Senator/PASS TAX REFORM!
Let them eat diamonds
Hey Jeff instead of running your mouth why don't you try to do your job and get back to work for all of oregon.

Briefed @POTUS @realDonaldTrump in #SituationRoom and thanked him for his leadership, quick response & commitment to our people  
And then there's the truth.
The senator is part of a shadow government trying to undermine Trump as you can see in these tweets that he sends
Along with the golf course  in which he help add debt to Puerto Rico! #45 #narcissist
Poor leadership also includes Congress sitting on their hands for 4 years while Flint, MI residents still have poisoned water, smart guy.

He can do as much as you are doing right now.Meaning nothing. FEMA is at play here and doing their best. You are just as ignorant as she is.
Take your head out of your corrupted ass and tell the truth for once!
Obama was much worse when we flooded in Louisiana
Let them eat Taco Salad, right?  

Trump has a bigger bust size than Marie, anyway.
And for not complimenting him enough...
What's golf shorthand for Rome is Burning?
And what are you doing to help sir? Nothing, your doing nothing but criticizing the people who are. Talking the talk and that is all.
Not a word about Spainish police terrorizing & brutalizing Catalonian citizens. Women, children & the elderly being kicked & beaten w/batons
What exactly are you doing jeff except spewing hate???

Had 4 staff working in #SanJuan this week. They report challeges. But also the incredible dedication of local & federal officials 4/5
Knowing the truth and living is despicable REPUGNANT AND ODIOUS.  SHAME ON YOU.
You know the supplies are there. You know there is a truck drivers union strike.  Still you LIE.  SHAME ON YOU. LIAR
@myfilmchallenge get your head out of UR butt do U expect UR Pres to be there with shovel? Why arnt U? He's doing his job
Irwin, don't use profanity to me. We're twitter friends. Just agree to disagree.
Trump thought it was part of Mexico, thats why we saw the initial weak responses. General Kelly had to remind him.
He's having his "let them eat cake" moment. The best part is next 
#JurassicTrump #BiffHowardTannen @BacktotheFuture #Bully @realDonaldTrump @GOP
That's right Senator Graham calls it the way it is. What do you want him to do? And what are you doing except complaining
Would you like us to build transportation infrastructure?
Local custom Tshirt shop must still have power yes?
No, it was given to her by CNN
He sent FEMA, supplies, the military to help.  Do you want him to change pampers?  
Your a sack of shit
oh I thought u were living in a dream world then I saw you're a democrat
I think it's more like Nero.  Playing the violin while Rome burned.  But blame everything on the mayor. Always blame someone else!
Wasn't she in charge of preparedness of her city?
But no one's using the 25th Amendment to force him out are they? America is rotten & fetid to the core, you elected this disgusting man.
'Inept' Puerto Rican government 'riddled with corruption': CEO http://nyp.st/2fzgVrv  via @nypost
So that's different from the US how?
Fellow Puerto Rico Mayor Rips San Juan Mayor -- 'She's Not Participating In Any Meetings' http://dailycaller.com/2017/09/30/exclusive-fellow-puerto-rico-mayor-rips-san-juan-mayor-shes-not-participating-in-any-meetings/?utm_source=site-share … via @dailycaller

And here we see the Mayor of San Juan bravely delivering truckloads of reporters to hurricane victims 
I was thinking Nero, but yeah, you're right.
Marie Antoinette had political opponents who organized and mobilized. We have @TheDemocrats
#AcmeGuillotines 1-800-555-5555 Just sayin.
Trump has no problem calling out stupid. Political correctness is dying
Trump: ‘let them drink polluted water, let them hunt for food, let them light up the night with candles, let the sick and vulnerable die’
What an stupid and untrue comment!
More #FakeNews from the #AltLeft #Liberals just like San Juan mayor. @POTUS44 fiddled while Middle East burned during his reign. #DTS
Congrats on another @POTUS smear when you know that tons of aid was sent & is sitting at the port. What a liar you are
And you jealous, because he doesn't invite you to play with him.
Hay. Wait now your attacking the French!
Do you do anything outside your office to relax ? It's Poor Leadership. Spend time tweeting about people working hard in PR.
#ImpeachTrump
She has more leadership in her little finger than Trump.

Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt. #helppuertoriconow
Never has a President worked so hard for this country! Lighten up Merk! You Dems would criticize him if he stopped for a pee break!
@realDonaldTrump  How much cake did he eat today?
You mean her. Cuz she is WONDER WOMAN in my book!




Someone should remind him of what happened to Marie Antoinette.
Such hypocrisy!  Demand what you will but don't mock his schedule.  You sound exactly like those who mocked Obama for golfing...lame!
You are not wise Mr. MERKLEY
Nope. FOS Senator.
Let them eat flan?

So sad to see the trolls, & sad Trump dupes here.  He's not playing Marie; he's playing Josef Goebbels.  They will all be called to account

Retweet until Congress takes action. #remove45 
DREAM ABOUT IT
If I remember correctly, there came a revolution after Marie Antoinette. #Resist
I betting he understands more than you sir & doing more too.
Song by Blessed 2 Be Marilyn Marie speaks to reality of the times. "Racism & hatred has gone on way too long." Powerful song.
Might've known you'd get a bunch of MAGA/Deplorable shitheads in the replies trying to defend their orange turd god.

Your comment is beneath a Senator. Hope you're a better role model for your children.
For your intellectually development
Someone’s pants are on .......

Don't associate Marie Antoinette with this monster he's more like Ivan the terrible.
What are YOU doing?  PRESIDENT TRUMP BEST PRESIDENT EVER.          MAGA
Lies
Thanks for calling this out!
His actions are saying, "Let them eat shit!" What an utter disgrace.
The leaders of Puerto Rico failed their people! All the FEMA funds they have received over the years and their power plants still on coast.
Then please help us impeach him. What do senators do.... is this all a scam?
PR hadn’t sent their declaration request for a while! Trump declared an emergency as fast as anyone else. Aid been going around the clock.
The issue is getting the supplies to them with no airfield or port. Then after that was solved getting supplies over mt’s with blocked rds
It is so embarrassing.
You have mistaken him for your previous messiah Barry there Jeffy boy. Do nothing Dems, nothing new there!
Then cowardly deletes his mayor slamming tweets after getting slammed all day.
How long must we be subjected to his abuse? He is unraveling America on a daily basis. We have a political tragedy happening. Pathetic
ABUSE? 
If Puerto Rico has no power and can't watch tv, they can always play golf.
Any republican responding to #TrumpsKatrina ?

Still nothing about the teamsters refusing the haul aid eh?
More Nero fiddling with himself, I think, having set Rome afire by burning innocent Christians as torches...
Nailed it Mr. Merkley 
Thanks Jeff for saying it finally....keep it up. Donnie is a moron and must be exposed as the incompetent slacker he is.
Thank you for speaking out. The American people need you!
Senator UR WRONG! Supplies arrived in PR days ago-SanJuanMayor lacks truck drivers 2 deliver goods-Very UNORGANIZED MAYOR of SJ
Why are able bodied men not clearing roads by hand to allow the trucks running to get to remote places?
Jeff with all due respect as you are a United States senator, get a life.
Why are containers with food and supplies sitting on the tarmac waiting for distribution?
Why are Teamsters truckers refusing to report for duty?  Why are containers sitting on tarmac waiting for distribution?
It’s her own ppl, the union drivers out on strike, who are refusing to deliver the supplies POTUS sent. AND YOU KNOW IT!
https://twitter.com/prouddeplorble/status/914334824176926720 …
How do you and we this? Even the ppl  are finding out about the mayor. This also proves you’ve lied about it too.
Puerto Rico Cop Calls U.S. Radio Station Reporting Corrupt Mayor of San Juan and Request For He… https://theconservativetreehouse.com/2017/09/30/puerto-rico-cop-calls-u-s-radio-station-reporting-corrupt-mayor-of-san-juan-and-request-for-help/ … via @thelastrefuge2

Get your ass down there and do something.
When will inept @realDonaldTrump be removed? He's messing up everything while profiting from presidency. #25thAmendmentNow
MAGA
LMAO. Tweet of the weekend!
Oh Jeff, you have lowered yourself.
Hey Jeff
How about you get on the horn with the hipster mayor & tell her to get her logistics squared away
Where were you this weekend? In PR handing out water bottles?

He's such a deplorable hypocrite
And u do what now?
Are you helping anyone? Nope.
You're one of the goons whining that @realDonaldTrump tweets & uses real talk.  Claiming he's not presidential enough. What are you doing?
Look at you.
Yep
