Whats wrong with BIG OIL?
. Thank you for keeping up the fight @SenJeffMerkley
This is happening with everyone he puts forth- this is truly the most unqualified Administration, I think, ever. Stunning...
go after all those who voted for him
Too late, too bad. Your are no longer relevant now that appts. have been approved. But, you could stay home and foment in OR
thank you for opposing the nomination of Scott Pruitt to head the EPA :( our poor earth..
Yes we do, please share when emails come out! #GlobalWarming #resist #oregon
Trump's #Bannon #leninist swears 2 #Destroy the #State What better way?  Put destroyer in agencies they hate.
Please find out the ties of now EPA Head Pruitt with big oil. His denial of science & gutting of federal protections to environ must stop.
F ing Clown show !
.@SenJeffMerkley Big oil? How about the Hillay's #Benghazi We see you have #CRS as well.
...and most heartily Un-American by way of due diligence, process and the total lack of ability to do the right thing.
thank you for your coninued opposition to all of Trumps actions. He is a mad man.
Republican senators should not want incompetent nominees. It's reckless to approve them.
You only had to delay one Business day for em's by denying quorum and you chickened out. @MMFlint @dailykos @KatrinaNation
shameful
.@SenJeffMerkley Thank you for being in touch with your Oregon constituents. Please keep pressing for the truth.
Keep going strong Jeff!!
Backfire ! What do you think of Reid's Nuke Option now ??? Democrats flattened by Republicans. Thank you Dems.
it's shameful! Thank you 4 fighting 4 our clean air, water, soil, values, edu, & future. Oregonians & beyond r grateful
Here is a solution: abolish EPA and let Congress deal with enviorment via laws like they have done pre EPA
I can't even deal with this stupidity, or are you joking.
in what way is my statement stupid?
why do you think EPA was created in the 1st place? Because industry was polluting air/water, bigly!
Bird populations in pacific flyway made comeback with out the aid of EPA. Congress passed laws to protect habitat and birds.
Well they did something constructive, how amazing!
Power needs to be moved from the executive to the legislative and that's what closeting the EPA will do
oligarchy - corporate handout season is en vogue
when you get the emails, blast them everywhere. Make sure he has no corner to hide in.
fear not, 27 days and he gets the can. Start a clock.
Hopefully checks and balances will force yet another resignation
@7im My heart is broken. Such a shady and inappropriate nominee. Pruitt had better be much better than expected. #truth #EPA
@7im the 3 stooges LMAO
- Thank you for continuing to fight! We are with you 1,000%!
you are why we need term limits
schumernis using you. Knows you're safe 4 reelection you @RonWyden  Are just #SchumersLapDog
Damn right, just like the Damnedocrats with Obummercare!!  What goes around will come around and I hope it's just the start!
You don't need to tell us why, we know.  We will protest for you when those 3000 pages come out and the truth is told!!
would you guys just quit already. We the people voted on nov 8. Get over it sir!!!!!!!
- Cause his hand is going to be in the cookie jar.  Keep pressing on this. Our environment depends on it.
We need to approve this man to see what he'll do. (a la; Pelosi)
God bless you!
Watching @maddow's segment about this guy last night was frightening. Sad he's been inflicted on our environment. :(
There's nothing we can do as they simply keep confirming these fools. I sure hope there's a plan in 2020 & US still ours.
Bravo Senate#MAGA
Congratulations to our new @EPA Administrator, Scott Pruitt! 
can we get the answers or does the country go into the skid
Pruit is a good man... meanwhile 43% "immigrants" since subversive judge Robart blocked our safety are from dangerous areas.
thank you for your hard work. this is insanity...
agreed.  How can this be fixed? Who do we scream at?
THANK YOU FOR FIGHTING!!!
everybody just sick & tired of the BS Delay tactics. GET OVER IT. YOU LOST. Dems need to start working on repairs to US
@KATUNews accept that your party as much as they want to delay every nomination you are powerless. Move aside so USA heal.
they confirmed because they know DJTs days are numbered and Pence will keep status quo! PENCE is involved.
@Lyn_Samuels I can't believe he was confirmed. Something's gotta give here. Dems need to figure something out
and another giant thank you for all your impending hard work to staunch the violent damage he is about to unleash.
It's obvious conservatives have more hate for liberals than love for country. They cheer on USA doom because liberals = sad
omg thats the most ignorant statement ive read all day
Those of us who have a brain that we actually use are disgusted by the GOP.
thank you and the EPW for all your hard work so far in opposing this pit-vipers nomination.
this is so crazy. What is wrong with your @gop colleagues
GOP does not have the best interest of America in mind. Shameful acts by money grubbing opportunists. We will not forget.
Thank you for everything that you did. We will all have to step up now to protect the health of the public and the planet.
Hallelujah! Relief for farmers and industry on the way! Energy independence & fewer Middle East wars. All good.
Can he be forced to resign AFTER the emails come out?
NO!
Ugh! My anxiety level is through the roof since Jan 20.
what do you mean they did it we ar screwed
So glad this is done,  Please focus on representing Oregon not playing politics!  Healthcare, clean energy, lumber, taxes .
I think that by focusing on the health of planet he is benefitting Oregonians as well. You should be proud.
