Thank you, Senator Merkley 
thank you from this Oregonian for voting no on Tillerson
thank you! Your work and dedication are much appreciated by this constituent.
Thank you for standing firm as this circus continues to send in the clowns
thank you.
thank you!! @pdxindivisible @Indivisible_OR
what is wrong with those Republican idiots. Don't they care for our country?  Tillerson doesn't have the mental capacity.
what happens if something goes wrong, he is the cause that our country gets blows up because of him then Republican say oops
Not much They can do then is it.  Oops my bad. Like that will make things better.  Yes, right.
this is why we need good man tillerson.
thank you!!
How can anyone be worse than Hillary?  I so not like anything about Trump, but come on, Hillary was the shits.
thank you for being brave. I wish we had more senators like you.
cute icon for twitter page. Very profession, dignified, serious for a senator. We need some rational leaders here again.
#alternativemorals? Fight, Merkley, fight! Stand up, stick out, dissent, and you're guaranteed my vote next election.
you're an embarrassment to OR, represent the whole state not your county!
Thank-you Senator Merkley for standing up for us!
STOP TRUMP! IF SANCTIONS LIFTED EXXON'S 67M ACRES IN RUSSIA 2 DRILL & GIVE KICKBACK $$$$ 2 PUTIN & TRUMP
& we thank u. now find the vote to block de Vos
@NaYaKnoMi Thank you Senator. You were great on Lawrence.
So you would no doubt prefer a criminal cabol who sells favors of the US Goverment for personal gain amounting to millions!
"the moral clarity to lead"? You're trying to grab power with the Democratic Party aren't you? That's why you're such a tool
While you were fucking us Americans in bashing Tillerson YOUR President was at Dover Air Base welcoming home a fallen Hero.
just for show.
America is in extreme danger. BANNON trying to start End Days. WWIII
he is doing a good job. Bannon is heading us that way.  Maybe he has wet dreams about it.
I like the path you're on.  How does President Merkley sound?
If you can't see the impressive ability over Clinton, Kerry - u shldnt be voting for anything. Start work to get u out next!
Speaking as an Oregonian, thank you. I am glad you are representing us at this time.
Thanks, Jeff, for being the leader we need.
Ha! Confirmed! The juvenile acts by the dems in congress to delay, filibuster and prom violent protest is the real danger.
Thank you Jeff Merkley!!
Yeah it is. President Trump is trying to save America from you terrorist-supporters who are trying to destroy the country!!!
He can just give them free oil, no?
Thank you.
Thank you for that vote and supporting statement.
Wouldn't have to do that were our last two not such screw-ups.
You mean like Hillary?
keep it up!! #resist
thank you senator
the foreign policy damage has been done by your party over the last 8 years.  Wake up.!
we need someone as senator from Oregon who will stop obstructing and do their job.
so if we need to rebuild our reputation around the world you admit previous admin destroyed our reputation. One truth!
Who CARES NO one but the Insignificant  Democrat Party in 2018 there will be less Democrats in Office
THANK YOU for standing up to this bad pick. Your vote counts with us.
Thank u for your words: Respect, restore, rebuild, heal, lead. Important for all-regardless of position #respectrestoreheal
Thank You for doing the right thing. Now could you help your colleagues #FindYourSpine ?! #Resist #DenyAndDefy #NotNormal
thank you!
with your total lack of morals or ethics you are the one to decide
Thank you. We support you and every other Senator that stands up to this pending disaster that is ahead of us.
Thank you for standing up for our constitution & against conflicting interests! Still want to see Trump's taxes!
where are the checks and balances to help assure the citizens of this country are not getting bushwhacked?
Thank you for trying to confirm the right cabinet. Hard to anticipate absence of integrity on McConnell scale
Thank you. We Oregonians depend on you. You give us hope.
Thank you!
thank you!  No on Devos please!  Students need better!
Thank you!
Vote NO on every Trump nominee. They aren't qualified. Stand up for your principles.
hope you were wearing your rain gear when you pissed in the wind?
Thank you for fighting the good fight. The citizens of this country appreciate your "no" vote and the continuous work you do
hahahahaha your vote doesn't matter anymore.  just like republican votes in portland.
Thankfully that is not a standard set for the senate, is it? Too many games being played with our safety
Thank you, Senator. I am proud to be your constituent!

thank you for standing up to this terrible choice
Thanks and keep up the good fight!
Thanks
You're a partisan hack. We need #TermLimits
& you.. having systematically ignored the larger demographic of your constituents.. are the one to edify us on moral claeity
Thanks for that 'no' vote, Senator!
Thank you for being a steadying voice in a broken system. Keep trying, we need you!
Thank you Senator.
Thank you!
Thank you, Jeff. It's good to know *somebody* is putting the American people first!
@All100Senators thank you
Thank you!
You’re vote for Hillary in 2008 for this role undermines your credibility...
, @GoAngelo,  @EricBoehlert  correct. What behind the scenes. You know Rex Tillerson had connection to Vladimir Putin.
Thank you. Keep strong. This is an authoritarian kleptocracy. Sanctions off, Exxon (and SoS) makes profit. Just watch.
rebuild the reputation of America? I though Sec Clinton and Obama did the best ever though?(sarc)
Thank you
