You'll never do your duty, if that means unbiased honesty and integrity.

YOU ARE ALL CORRUPT !
If White Working Class was upset about economy, why re-elect GOP who obstructed polices for them?
If media would have ever EVER blasted that at rust belt workers we would've had a different result.
But they were too concern with e-mails & Trump's personality.  Media did let the voters down.
Travesty! Trump is a product of the media and they will be complicit in the horrors he unleashes.
all us uneducated voters had R say against media-Feeling proud
But a swath of angry bigoted white voters behave like a mob & suddenly the economic factors matter 2 U??
the anger u should address is the paid thugs & lazy non voters who attack citizens but instead u LIE
PS, the msm stopped doing their duty for Americans years ago!!
Excuse me! There are POC who've been angry & hurting for yrs! Did u care abt that? WTF did u do 4 them!
Then answer why you are a Clinton Campaign friendly. Question on plane ? Honesty
much misinformation spread by mainstream #mediots has resulted in false perceptions. @realDonaldTrump

You're responsible for this mess also.  HRC coverage was DESPICABLE.  I hope you harbor guilt.
I second that emotion.  NBC is basically another Trump mouthpiece and she was among the worst
why don't you get out of NYC and try reporting the truth
you caused it..that's rich
But what about e-mails? Any news on them?
a lot of the media is normalizing anger on both sides. President Elects odd behavior is what to expect.
I'd go along with that if you bothered to address the other half of the country, too. #JournalismIsDead
paid protesters & fake journalists like u are fueling lies. No wonder almost 80% of US don't believe you
did you mean to say "address" or Fuel the anger & angst?
Until you can admit you shilled for the most corrupt candidate the Dems could puke up, your cred is 0...
you created all of this for media attention and money. Don't you miss real journalism?
the only anger is the anger that liberal media is promo. This admin. has nothing to do w/ hate groups.
You all lost due to your treachery, media bias, rigging, lack of integrity.. You have ZERO credibilty.
When was the last time you did your duty for America? Angst or Paid Protesters? You look like fools.
don't start acting like you care about middle America Andrea
Just because Liberals are easy to lie to, even though 94% of All Americans don't trust the Media!
What anger and angst? We haven't heard anything about it. Please inform us about it.
u'd need to adress @georgesoros directly then as he is mostly responsible 4 paying & bussing folks in!
You and the rest of #BiasedMedia are the reason for their anger. Own it.
you are perpetuating The Lie. report the protests, sure. Investigate and show the murder of Vet 11/11nPA
uh yeah, then don't pretend Giuliani would make a good SoS.
anger by unemployed look to congress look to republicans look who you re-elected again.
nobody wants to hear it see it or acknowledge it just sweep it back under the rug. Dirty little secret
Thank you.
when you come on msnbc the channel changes.
The anger and angst are because of biased and half truth reporting by media like you.
Absolutely need to fool the Trump Democrats that the Democrat Party loves them
ask hime if he did the same when the tea party was created. I think not #whobelievesnewsanymore
Your duty right now to study why your anger&angst for a Black man&white woman presidents bothers you.
.@mitchellreports <- are you drunk already ?
@MarkWarner @MSNBC
that's laughable. Was it your "duty" to constantly bash Hillary, making false equivalencies with DJT?
U didn't do Ur  duty thru out campaign so why start now..Too Late.
Rudy Giuliani has had ties to and has provided image consulting to Russian oligarchs, records show
Address Andrea your and MSNBC large contribution to HRC election problems #BoycottMSNBC
Arrest them all.
guessing @MarkWarner isn't on any shortlist.
What propaganda BULLSHIT
We all know you are well known as a LIAR & edit much of your "reporting"
you mean white supremacy. it is racism. call it what it is. Shame on the media for normalizing this.
So long as the suckers keep paying you who gives a S _ _ _?
Please cancel Andrea Mitchell's daily show.
why are you still here ?
Mitchell and msnbc needs to admit their complicity in trying to elect clinton, apologize and stop it!
The press will be one of his first victims.
Only if you do that honestly and do not sanitize.
And yet, we're hearing more about Transition team than Russian ties/interference/illegal election, thnx
That's because Andrea Mitchell should be at @FoxNews
We could just do what you guys did to the Tea Party in 2009 and brand them Klan rallies.
Media creates anger.  You cannot deny.
so Trump voters are right!
when r u going to do legit reporting?@MSNBC
It's shows like MSNBC and Limbaugh that help divide.  Americans need to listen to candidates themselves
