This: CBO says Trump Admin sabotage by witholding ACA subsidies will raise premiums 20% and cost taxpayers ~$200B.
https://www.cbo.gov/system/files/115th-congress-2017-2018/reports/53009-costsharingreductions.pdf …
What about you deliberately stealing our profits from the 2 largest financial institutions $FNMA. GET UR SHIT TOGETHER ITS BEEN 9 years
Over 127,000 individual public servants have not received their pensions from FNMA or FMCC in over 8 years,our cash-dividend paid Obamacare.
Let's be clear: What gives the GOV'T, we the taxpayers support, the right to subsidize an entitlement we NEVER agreed to?
lets be clear thisnis about getting rid of exemptions for congress and congressional staff.  same for all
Over 127,000 individual public servants have not received their pensions from FNMA or FMCC in over 8 years,our cash-dividend paid Obamacare.
Sad.  So true!!! #45isadisgrace #45MustGo #25amendmentnow
Lets be real clear yes, https://twitter.com/nsfraudbuster/status/851648729765396481 … @stevenmnuchin1 @realDonaldTrump #maga
Donald Trump Jr & Ben  Carson both confirm Obama admin stole $500 Billion to fund broken & failed Obamacare from Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae. 
Nonsense, your ignorance is astonishing.  The individual market ceased to exist the day the ACA passed. Now it is a bill paying service
Why is this not challenged as an illegal act that breaches the constitution?
Only 20%? That's a breath of fresh air compared to the 200%+ that man are seeing.
Yes. That clearly is the plan. Djt hopes we are too busy with the white supremacy diversion to notice
Sir, your committee work can help to remove @POTUS from office. He is unfit and an enemy of both the nation & the Commonwealth. Please hurry
For gods sake get him out of the white house!
Let's just toss more money in that gaping hole called Obama care eh? How about we fix it so it don't bleed the tax payers to death ?
Let me be clear @MarkWarner my insurance was fine UNTIL you and the Democratic Party decided to sabotage it! #ObamaCareFail
Exactly!  So stand up and do something about it before millions are left without coverage!
Bill was written to give POTUS this option. Own your fuck-ups.   Maybe time to read & debate would have helped.
Lol,Keep tell yourself that
Par for the course! Since he can't have it his way he will make sure everyone suffers!

Step up to the plate Virginia...stop squandering our state taxes with your good old boy developer deals.
Let's be very clear.  Obamacare was never funded by you in congress. You participated in the illegal theft of Fannie Mae to fund Obamacare !
ummm,.. Mark, what are you worried about, the $$ they contribute to your campaigns?? Ins Co's have become profit mongers, U let them do it!!
You're not really the sharpest tool in the shed what have you done to help fix Obamacare are you on Obamacare I bet not
U.S. Constitution, Art. II, sec. 3: "he shall take care that Care that the Laws be faithfully executed"
What a load of crap.  Tax payers are paying the same.  Tax payers are paying the CSR for the poor and the tax credits for the premiums
Convince Senators to remove this POTUS, the country shd not have such chaos. He's divider of our country causing civil war at home, #Impeach
Pursue impeachment!
This must be illegal. How can house & senate put up with this? We need u now more then ever! We're held captive by #NazisInTheWhiteHouse
.Adopting Obama's "Let me be clear". This translates to "I'm getting ready to #LieMyAssOff". I'm  all ears, Warner!
And driving them out of market can't we sue or something!!!
As public servant, u shud be ashamed by advocating theft & stealing private entities,now u saying Trump sabotaging,u  need to get voted out
If my premium goes up 20% more my monthly payments would be over $500/month that's insane & I'd be  better off paying a penalty
Hey Mark. You and your insurance buddies can take your hands out of my pocket now. I'm done paying for the lazy/irresponsible
He do not Care. It will effect ALL OF US. EVEN if you job pays MOST of YOUR INSURANCE
I used to pay $30 a check and could go anywhere before ACA.  Now it's $110 and I have 1 Dr. Great improvement
The changes and price increases are due to insurance companies making changes trying to protect profit margins.
SO TRUE.
And why did they have to do that?  They had to insure everyone. So they passed the cost onto the taxpayer.
Taxpayers were always paying. When people don't pay medical bills at public hospitals , fed insurance would cover the costs
Capitalism is the answer. You want lower cost and better goods it always is
Gather colleagues,get on TV/radio/write OPED's/tell ppl exactly everything DT/GOP's r doing 2 sabotage the ACA. Have a list of yr remedies 2
whatever marktard....
We know the ACA subsidies are being robbed from Fannie and Freddie stockholder earnings.  Is that legal? Isn't it in court right now?
It is a poorly written law that you passed without reading. Stop making excuses!
Being on recess does not mean @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats cannot condemn Trump's actions. #DesperateTimes @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
Well if the Liberals actually read the first bill and cared about the all people then wouldnt be here now would we.
So what can you do about this?  What is the plan?
Not using the non appropriated stolen funds of Fannie and Freddie is not sabataging.  It's called following the law, something O did not do
Paul Ryan is a bad evil person.  I hope he drops dead with a Ayn Rand book in his hand. Try reading the words of Jesus Christ instead.

Let's be clear: it's not trump imploding the insurance market. We're talking about illegally funding healthcare with Fannie Mae dividends
Awful
Nothing is perfect when designed.   It need to be twirled. To let it fail will hurt millions. Why should Trump care, his rich.
I am so ashamed. I am so sad.
So Obamacare was doing just fine without Trump? Interesting. You may want to share that with Hillary.
His secondary goal - Destroy anything "Obama"  and...Obviously his primary goal is to "Line His Pockets"
Good! Either way it needs to go! But it's imploding! Thank God!
You have idea what your talking about.
Disagree
Guess you should have voted to repeal and replace. Taxpayer subsidies with high premiums/deductibles???? Stupid democrats
Well, he sure as hell sabotaged it here in VA now that Anthem has pulled out.
American people are tire of you lies. ACA has ben falling before Trump took office. You and all democrats has to stop lying.
You cant fool us all
you are nothing more than another snowflake
BS, It was designed from the start to implode this yr, after BO out of office and to force single payer, SO STOP WITH YOUR LIES, Hypocrite
Trump you can try to blame Obama or the ACA, you will own this mess.
You are stone cold ignorant
Please Senator Warner get Trump out now, before our country explodes into violence. He's evil, get him out!
No mr. Warner this is at the feet of the Democrats this is Obamacare dying who were you lying to
That's b.s. This thing is imploding right in front of us and it's the bill you have your name on
And @POTUS began the sabotage years before he even decided to run (these things take time).
I beg democrats do NOT help with infrastructure till obamacare is fixed permanently
And he's in effect raising taxes on poor people.
Will someone PLEASE get this madman out of office before country gets flushed down toilet? #circlingthebowl #resist #25thAmendmentNow
Obama isnt president anymore
Let's be real clear! Stop your lying! Trump unable to do anything with Obamacare! It's your baby so quit being deceitful to us!
Anazing people are still listening to dems.thats right you complain they throw you a phone or add a little medicaid or a few more food stamp
And you quiet right down. They have held us down for so long you dont even pay atten anymore. All the whilw lining their pockets. Wake up
Lets make this clear. What dems passed is a pos and the people want it replaced. Get that thru your thick head
The only sabotage is what you and the Democratic Party have been doing for years. Lots out here with open eyes that see through your lies.
Does the insurance market work if it needs govt money to prop it up at all times?
ACA has been going downhill for years, but I agree if Trump withholds outrageous bailouts it will have implode!
Failure to faithfully execute a law is impeachable!
#TheResistance
#ImpeachDonaldTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow #25thAmendmentNow #25Amendment #TrumpRussia
BS
If Obamacare is so great why can NO ONE afford it. It is imploding, if not prove how it is successful!!
All the more reason for the government to have AS LITTLE to do with the insurance market as possible!
So what are you going to do about it? I live in va and we've already been told no coverage next year. We need someone to fix this
And you are saying WE should pay even more toward something that will "implode" without a bailout. Very definition of insanity &! FAILURE
Yeah, let's be REAL clear. Obama created a real Disaster and "Stole" millions from S.S. to bail out a failure. Why does he not face charges?
Is there nothing Congress can do to prevent this administration from sabotaging this country's health care or is it on the republicans?
Just like he not being responsible for Iraq war, Congress passed this terrible bill and is responsible. You have failed America once again
is this "presidential?"
Exactly!!
Sen Warner, how can he? Aren't the subsidies already written into the law?
I beg to differ. ACA was created to fail.
Your ignorance is astonishing.
Stop your lies Mr. Warner!  You are hurting this country.  ACA  has been un-affordable since your party forced it on us!!!!!!
@SarahPalinUSA @theblaze @FreedomWorks @WhiteHouse let's be clear the CBO has never been right
this is such a twisted view and all the lemmings here are whining along with you. Don't pretend the ACA was good policy. It sux
This is a lie. The law is being followed as written and passed by Dems. Why did you vote for bad law?
But but but you said he was presidential now
Isn't this against the oath he took to uphold the constitution and the law? 
impeach

Thank you for all you do to keep us informed.
Isn't he sworn to uphold the laws of the land? He has tried and failed to change it so....
Unconstitutional levy of taxes, mis-appropriated taxpayer funds used as payoff to RICH ins companies who are inflating costs.  Total Fraud!
Mark Warner you are a liar Look how many ins co have pulled out Cost sky rocket can't afford to use it BUT we pay for yours STOP THE LIES
Economic warfare on the middle class, by our own President.  #insurance #ACA
Kool-aid drinker
The ACA is the law. He is duty bound to uphold and enforce it. Seriously, how can he get away with this?
Senator, CareFirst/GHMSI in VA has already requested a 66% rate hike for next year because of this. My premium would be over $700
Then Sir, YOU and DEMS need to DAILY sound the alarm. Shout it from the roof tops exactly what 45 is doing to the ACA. SHOUT IT OUT!
So, what you are saying is that the Ins Cos are blackmailing We the People using threats of loss of Svcs .  I demand a RICO investigation.
Putting what out there?  Trump passing the cost of Healthcare to the people who use it the most?  Seems fair to me
Good overview here.
"Dump Comstock". Probably a well thought out piece void of any political bias
We have an editorial slant but the articles are factual. Try reading before you judge.
I cannot believe an antifa flag was raised in downtown Charlottesville he will not denounce this terrorist group. His silence is deafening!
Thank you @POTUS for holding these funds from Big Corporations. Expenses should be passed to the ppl that use it the most. Bravo 

This is an outrage! Pay your bills Donnie, that's what the rest of the grown-ups do everyday.
Senator Warner what's the status of Kushner's security clearance? Putin probably has all state secrets by now, right!
Why not blame the Russians if it won't stick on Trump!   This ocare has been hurting my family for years!
Why don't you sign your family up for Obamacare. Quit flapping your lips & lead the charge. Put your money where your mouth is! Sign up!
Actually, members of Congress and their staff currently DO have Obamacare. Thank Sen. grassley for that
You are getting fake news!  They are exempt!  That is why I knew it was a fraud from the get go. Typical liberal elites, good for the
I'm not getting fake news. It was written into the ACA that congress and their staff buy their insurance off the D.C. Exchange.
The evil @GOP is an active participant in this effort to destroy Obamacare.
Obama destroyed our Democratic Party! No president has ever lost so much for his party. What a mistake he was. Should have had Hillary in 08
What a vindictive disgrace.  Thank you for your ethics and good work, Senator
Thank you for saying this Senator. People need to understand neglect & abuse by Trump administration is at the root of the "failing ACA."
The GOP allows Trump to sabotage us and sits silently by while we and/or loved ones lose our lives with no options.
Let employers supply Health Care as a benefit. Get Government out of  our Health Care!!!
EXACTLY!
