MARK WARNER says Facebook should release the ads bought by Russians: "I think at end of day it’s important that the public sees these ads"
The problem goes way beyond ads. The Russian psy-ops are all over FB with fake users posing as "patriotic conservatives."
I'm conservative & when I started on twitter I followed MANY Repub accounts some of which began pushing Tea Party propaganda & attacking>
Moderate conservatives as RINOS. Then as time went on unnoticed many of these same accounts began to grow pro-Russia/pro-Putin. Interesting
I'd noticed the same thing on Facebook. Had family post a meme asking Russia to bomb us if Hillary won.  How's that shit conservative
Because of many Conservatives hatred for Hillary & liberals, they easily fell for promoted propaganda from a foreign adversary 
Let me interject that the actual word "liberal" has been demonized by right-wing media for quite some time.
Indeed and then the insults were magnified via propaganda terms "Libruhl" 
"Libtard" 
"Liberal snowflakes" 
etc
I am Christian and it bothers me that so many other Christians equate the word "liberal" with immorality.
Um, wasn't that the problem, that the public saw these ads?
No we didn't. The ads were targeted. If you are not friends with the targeted audience, u never saw them
So it was bad for them to see them, but good for us?
Umm? We want to see what lies the Russians were feeding Americans.
Will they be different from the lies official party and candidate ads fed us?
There are rules that candidates and campaigns have to follow in distinguishing campaign ads as such.
You can't regulate what foreigners put on the internet.
Yes, yes you can.

You can especially regulate how foreign entities buy ads on private services like FB, twitter, YouTube.
If you read the ads on any social network you need to get a life
Yeah, WTF do you care what I read?

And why are you reading them?

Troll or a cult monkey?
Warner I'm going to send you something more official but I hope you look into reddit and 4chan as well as Twitter/FB. They are important.
And You-Tube...there are videos compiled that are just wrong in so many ways
YouTube & it’s comment sections are like stepping into severely disturbed ward of a mental hospital! Conspiracy theories nuts everywhere!
Search Hillary or Obama OMG the disgusting videos that come up make u want to gouge ur  out. I was just trying to watch a HRC 2016 rally!
They spun tales that she stole from her foundation, ran a child prostitution ring, opposed Israel, planned 2 take guns away . . . all lies!
Pretty obvious she opposed Israel,Clinton foundation was a $ laundering scheme
Yes, and men lived with dinosaurs 5,000 years ago. #ROTFLMAO https://twitter.com/witmercarl/status/917743856652881920 …
Money laundering scheme? Trump is king of laundering Russian money...& not very well. Trump can’t find Israel on a map or probably spell it.
25-я поправка
25-я поправка
25-я поправка
25-я поправка
25-я поправка
25-я поправка
25-я поправка
25-я поправка
25-я поправка
25-я поправка
I would agree. Let Americans view the ads and decide for themselves the degree to which the election may have been influenced by them.
Let them see how easily they were pulled into this mess. Even the smartest are still gullible.
ie. My EX Republican friends from WI & TN who fell for all the propaganda on FB. Thanks, Mark Zuckerberg. You're responsible!
Lmao.  USA has propaganda. Propped up so many political figures world wide. Which have changed whole country’s. now it’s a problem
What?
Lol. They wont because it doesn't mean anything since most were anti @realDonaldTrump after election!
Senator, I deactivated FB. I can take losing friends, ceaseless ads, but not Russian collusion.
You can install a plug in that removes ads. You get Facebook from 20 years ago and prevent them from making money on your use
FFS TEN YEARS AGO
I only partially agree.  It depends on the context and whether they can be used to inflict further harm.
Mark you have an agenda that I disagree with. When are you conspiracy theory ppl going to realize that there is no there there! What will it take for you to accept @realDonaldTrump as YOUR president and sincerely move to foster cooperation share UR ideas on how to improve the USA
If FB doesn’t release their Russian ads we should all leave FB
Go ahead and leave. They have so many users they won’t even notice you’re gone. Futile effort!
Almost ever look at my In Your Facebook page anyway!
So no one saw the ads??
Yeah, why don't you do that?  You can't because there aren't any.
ANYTHING Mark Warner wants should have a warrant to search & seize.
Yes please publish far and wide. Maybe then everyone would understand that the Russian deza campaign was real and far reaching.
And if they were ALL pro-Clinton & anti-Trump, then what? What happened to the Reality Winner revelations; Russia 4 Dems/RINOs classified?
WTH is going on that all the country can’t see the info that attacked our free election process and helped Russia choose the president????!!!!!
Hey @facebook I am going to hide every ad you show me in my timeline from now until the end of time.
Even better, install a plug in that removes them for you
I know someone who has collected these for years, along with conversations he had online with those involved with planting them. He would like to share with an agency or someone who would find them useful if it would help an investigation. YES, convince gullible re fake "news".
Probably #GoHillaryGo
Very important. You want ppl to use FB. We need transparency. I closed my Acct when you deleted info. No way to do business
Cost spent is important too. Was it a material amount worth quantifying? If material, absolutely.
Mark Warner who is being paid by Soros and the Russuans
Got To Agree With That One.
Yawn!
@kasie how about we push for @jeffsessions to lift gag order @FBI informant Russian Uranium scandal ?? Americans need to know!!!
NO! End this farce! You are wasting MILLIONS of taxpayer money
If you get the GOP to repay for ALL the Benghazi investigations I’ll consider it.
Do the right thing FACEBOOK. U wouldn't exist if Putin was n charge
YOURE NOT MY SUPERVISOR!!!

You’re just one of my top two Senators...of course, out of two.
Don’t we already know most of the ads were bought after the election ? Or did something change ?
I absolutely agree. These were ADS-paid to show! There can be NO reason they would be considered private.
I wanna know that I saw them!!!!  Send them on!  It will make them more real to the naysayers too!
I'd like to know why I keep getting ads on Twitter like the ones below...I get ads countering my beliefs, weird my data would reflect this
I saw Hillary's deceitful behavior, that was good enough for me.
It was Russian propaganda. The things you read about Hillary on FB were Russian lies & you fell for it because you were targeted. Truth.
Right, you keep telling yourself that.
Dead & gone, false flag distraction
If U believe Russia had effect w/divisive ads then U must believe Americans R dolts
Assess who benefits
CLOWN PUSHING RUSSIA LIE ON AMERICAN PEOPLE!
YOU NEED A JAIL CELL
And don't forget - how/where they were targeted.
(2/2) during campaign I barely  used Facebook due to people Sharing such garbage.
I also think @facebook & @twitter should notify every person account that shared/retweeted Russian bought ads.(1/2)
Not until the FBI and grand jury are done
If they release the ads by the Russians, they need to release all ad sources. Numerous fake news opposing Trump went up as well.
Didn't they already determine the ads were in support of democrats?
Funny how the Facebook story went away!!  Caught red-handed so DEMONCRATS shut or down!!!
Why would FB not reveal the so called Russian ads. Any kind of true evidence to uphold propaganda will be hard to find. More fake news?
It was already released that the ads bought helped BLM and by extentsion Hillary.
a must. If we don't see it we wont believe it. I wouldn't trust zukabugger at all nor do I have faith in our intel agency.  show your cards
That would be grand. In addition, @MarkWarnerVA, should they release the ads paid by, say, Billionaire Robert Mercer and other tycoons?
We see the ads and then what? What is the consequence?
Expose the con.  The public has a right to know.
{Facebook Headquarters, 2016}

Russians:  We want to corrupt U.S. presidential election.  We pay in rubles.

Mark Zuckerberg:
Get off Facebook!!! It is evil!!
While you're at it, please get to the bottom of the Obama Ad's efforts to interfere in Israeli Prime Minister election a few years back.
1)It's not really interference if it didn't work. 2)Russia manipulated our electorate and IT DID WORK. #RobertMueller
Will you demand the same truths about the funding of organizations such as blm, new black panthers, splc etc? Nope, you're a fraud.
I think that's a little spoiled milk
Who votes off of Facebook adds anyway?
I think it's the taxpayers interest to stop wasting money.The national debt is in the trillions.Do your real job.
THE PUBLIC thinks that our elected representatives should represent the people who elected them, not their own financial affiliations.
Prof David Carroll suing CA in UK Court for data on him... Important to Trump/Russia investigation.

Too bad we can't get all of the Correct the Record posts. Those would be fascinating.
As long as they release the HRC & DJT adds right along with them. For context.
I would like to see the ones bought by hildabeast
Why, she is not a hostile foreign nation.  This is less about ads and more about interference by an enemy nation.  Clinton was a candidate!!
SOMETHING has to be done, similar to the Fairness Doctrine. 
What legally prevents release by Senate?  Just do it
Damage control!
Have you ever explained your 6 million dollar deal with the Russian firm Yandex?
It's so important we see those ads. We need you to bring our family and friends back to us. Insist, Mark! They've been #PutinPunkd.
I believe the public "were" first to see them. I want Facebook to pay the biggest financial fine in history. They deflected, they denied.
Yep. They r culpable in putting this mistake in the WH.
Totally agree!
Right, and the crazy bastards on the left will see that none of the Russian ads were pro Trump.
Bless you, Mark Warner,!  How do we go about starting an impeachment movement?  BillieAdrian@iCloud.com
It's important to see these ads so anti-Trump people can try to understand why perfectly sane friends & relatives voted for the man. Trump supporters can learn what was fake propaganda. It could help repair relationships. We can't heal if we don't bridge this gap. #betterideas
Yes,yes, yes!!!!!!!!!!!

It's only Insanity to believe that Russians would prefer right wing Republicans over socialist Democrats! Give me a break!
Didn’t seeing the ads cause all the trouble in the first place?
Clearly identifying them as the propaganda they are can help us learn to spot them.
*scratches head* So I can try to figure out who would *follow* them...and why.
Not actually sure that I agree with this. Releasing the ads seems unlikely to accomplish anything...
Except for forcing corporations into gray areas in terms of the privacy of the companies they do business with. I’m more concerned ...
that Trump’s Russia connections are thoroughly investigated and investigators fully understand the degree to which Russia aided Trump.
What part of "thorough" does this not qualify for?
Not sure, I understand. Is your question suggesting that releasing information to the public makes the investigation “thorough?”
If so, I would suggest that exposing information to public has nothing to do with investigation criminal activity. It’s to appease the mob.
I’m more concerned that investigators are able to do their job thoroughly than appease the mob mentality.
I’m also concerned that “fear” may cause us to erode freedom, repeating the  cycle of the Bush era.
Hypocrite @MarkWarner made $6.75 Million in Stock w/ Russia's Top Search Engine,Yandex. MOSCOW.
@FBSaunders you win today. @justingehrts gets the blame for the bad weather.
I’m taking a screenshot of this
i have no idea why mark warner is in this, but whatever.
@ImmaJuJu Zuckerberg is stalling because FB's aid to Trump way, way exceeded running ads-They fucked us over using our own data.
I think it's time for MW to come clean with it all. Burr is a snake that is using Mark's manners to take advantage. no more mr nice guy
Release the ads or be arrested. When is treason treason?
Fix this too.
I would like to show them to my mother (74) and my brother who talked her into voting for and fox watching
What should I do if I don't give a shit?

Electronics, especially proprietary electronics, in elections make a sham of the principles of standing & of one person, one vote.
Agreed, wholeheartedly. I’m positive the they diluted Hillary’s votes with pro Sanders & Stein ads. I want to know.
Russians spent lots of money to make trump the president ! They want to destroy USA! Americans need to wake up and stop being Naive !
It was Russians who pushed 'white lives matter' .... they tapped the underbelly of America
I say we launch a petition to have them released.
@MarkRuffalo @kasie You buying the 'Russians-ate-Hillary's-election' makes no difference, you know #Berniewouldhavewon
I'm just afraid that people who see them will become trump voters.
And how are you today, Mark, definitely need to look into this disceptive and malicious activity from Russian operatives?
Russian ads Russian ads they sound meaningless unless we see exactly what they were. People have 2 read the lies that destroyed our election
Hell ya!
In fact, anything Facebook's "hiding" now & on-going, consciously, Mark, or not.
I can RT all day long, but You have a podium. Speak the hell up! Burr spouting lies.  Trump's Damage is unbelievable
@PuestoLoco @kasie  I want this vile treasonous traitor,Zuck, doing life in PRISON on DEATH ROW ASAP @AGSchneiderman @Scotus
Better question: WHO saw them? Facebook knows.
I think all those who belieothe crap need to know who was behind it
Why did you lie about hitting a wall with Michael steel I did have confidence in you and you just shattered that!!!
MARK WARNER says Facebook should release ads bought by : "I  think at end of day it’s important that the public sees these ads"

 lol JK
Yes all need to see how foolish and fake news looks like!!  Sad the ignorance ppl choose
@faithfulmeg3 If you think buying advertisement some legal or ethical problem you’re not familiar with economics.
Ads are ads, they’re all selling something. I feel the same way about Hillary Clinton adverts. The idea Russians can’t buy ads is racist.
Yeah... it's not like they are confidential
Lets have em
I don't trust that you trust Sen. Burr. I only trust Mueller. Couldn't care less if you see any evidence
Agree. But funny -  people in Denmark France Germany....Know propaganda and seemingly can discern fake Russian disinformation from real.
It is also important that Virginians vote you out of office when you're up for reelection. There's no "secret sauce" at Dar Al Hijrah Faifax
Zuckerburg already said there isn’t any, unless, they were ads for Democrats and he is lying
@Hillaryh4444Hos @kasie 

Perhaps some senator could subpoena?
I think there is merit for them to turn over them but we got to be careful about freedom of speech that's what Facebook will say
This makes me mad  I know people that "couldn't vote 4 Hillary cause she killed 60 people" yes they read that and believed that shit
Inquiring, and voting, minds want to know. We need to know. AND have a right to know.
Agreed, release the ads, but I predict you'll be disappointed in who they wind up helping.  

(Bet it's Hillary and / or BLM.)
Retweet if you agree: Mark Warner should also have to explain why he and burr are bs'ing about being unable to meet with Steele.
Dirty secret is that huge amount of people have more than one #fakebook page. Most people I know have 2 or 3. Figure that mess out.
So by your logic then, those ads you proclaim were such an influence in the election actually have yet to be seen by the public? Good one
Hey did @SenatorBurr lie about Steele? If so why? Oh & I support these bills to protect Mueller. Thanks!!
Just SubpoenaDT em. Order then to bring them forward
Absolutely
i am not on Facebook i quit when they censored our Ron Paul primary adds they are biased and they interfered as well blocking Wikileaks.
Why don't you release them?
because they seem much stronger for his case right now
shit! said it outloud
@kasie 
Absolutely, if one cares about honesty and being a patriotic. Country first, rite?
ABsolutely!!
Mark, whats the scoop on the dossier?  Why are you and Burr dodging the Steele conversation. Talked to Mueller? Why not you, come clean
Question every Facebook ad and Twitter post
Facebook did not create that public cyber space - it just squatted there first.
why does Facebook get to own (and sell space in) the cyber equivalent of the public airwaves?
Agreed
The stupid trumpians will just start thinking that its all current news and just get riled up again.Nope bad idea they won't know difference
I understand only Democrats pay twice for things. We need to stay with impeachable things, not trying for a two-fer when she didn't pay.
You bet. Maybe people who voted Trump because of a fake Hillary story will snap out of it.
So idiots can believe them all over again.
j ai rien compris et j en suis heureux
Absolutely..  it will be most beneficial for all those who liked and reposted all those Anti Hillary memes to see the lies they believed.
Enough of Silicon Valley bull.
Oh HELL yes!!
#ReleaseTheAds
You can also release them, 10 million ppl were already exposed to them.There is no excuse not to release them. At least we know which are 
Mark Warner please tell Rs their president is a crook.
Ppl should see the fake ads to know if they fell for it. How else will ppl learn from this?
What other media category would not allow public to see the ads published on its site? Fbook is operating in a mo fo fantasyland!
#exposefakepatriots
I agree, and just wanted to thank Senator Mark Warner for everything
I'm torn. Yes, they should. But I'm still torn. 
1) I can go to the profiles of some in-laws and still see them b/c they shared

1/2
2) isn't that re-publishing this propaganda? Sure, knowing they're from Russia is important, but will they believe it or just refuel it 
2/2
Senator:  statement about the fact Steele has spoken to Bobby Three Sticks' staff this summer?  More resources in that office than yours.
This is the answer to  Facebook "problem".censorship isn't.
Sen..u have a tell IMO..'those offers have gone unaccepted' says Burr abt Steele @ which u half laugh &look down. #DidYouJustTakePartInALie
Mark real quick, Why haven't u & Mr. Burr interviewed Christopher Steele? Why haven't you set a date to meet? Heard he's amenable?
Are you promoting Russian ads for free?
It's called free enterprise Mark, let it go
@Facebook do you all get it! Come clean.
Why would they need to be kept secret? Everyone has seen them.
Also think it's important for @SenatorBurr and MW set up time &place 2 meet w Steele. Nat'l Security, Democracy, This American Life n peril
Also twitter deplorable's spreading propaganda,lies concerning Las Vegas shooting,(1000's a day)Fake Narratives do harm,and are not Benign.
And we should see Donnie’s Taxes, it would be interesting to see how much the Russians received & his other shady dealings!
Yes, especially my son-in-law who shared this garbage on @Facebook, which is tearing our family apart! TY @MarkZuckerbe1rg for nothing.
Why are we waiting until the end of the day?

WSJ: Facebook cut references to Russia from April report on election influence amid concern from lawyers. https://www.wsj.com/articles/facebook-cut-russia-out-of-april-report-on-election-influence-1507253503 …
The not-so-funny thing is, the public has already seen them. That's the whole problem.
Feeding the flames of discontent.
Please make this happen, Senator.  Even the most low information voter may then recognize what may have influenced vote was propaganda.
Of course! Facebook is an unethical company so it’s not surprising they haven’t yet.
Steele said he would meet with u, but u say you've got a brick wall????
Why did you and Senator Burr lie about hitting that brick wall trying to meet with Christopher Steele?  No longer trust u
I think they might be playing Trump...
Yes show these ads.  Should ads in the future be certified.
They have the right to know if they were mindraped by Putin. I'm sure @POTUS would agree
Yes!
They should.....but I remember how Zuckerberg acquired FB.....
Facebook would want to be paid first and track you as well.
Apparently everyone already saw them... 
