James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
It's funny u Dems r wondering about possible taps but didn't care about all the emails HRC deleted.
well Trump brought it up so fair game
Just goes to show Dems double standards
But Trump has no standards. His new hero is anyone who gives him a compliment.
Kind of funny because he has done more for America and it's people since Jan then Obama did in 8 years.
You're another no credibility dem who wants to divert attention away from the real reasons dems lost White House.   More spankings 2 come!
Yo mark stop wasting my money on Russia and other crap. How about pass some meaningful laws
u can bet there r plenty of tapws but u can also bet trump will lie his way out & get away with it just as always
Thank you for standing strong & for the people!
WH is REQUIRED to preserve "tapes".
Senator, Doesn't your committee have he power to subpoena those tapes?  Do you trust the WH to do it?
Trump is lying as usual!
This man is shaming your country and the world is simply aghast waiting for him to be removed!
Must. Not should.
Must.
Not "should", Senator, MUST. It's called obstruction... and why is Congress not bringing charges?
Take a look at them? Better idea, Senator: LISTEN TO THE TAPES.
And once declassified, copies would become a hot item in stores. #$$$$$$$
#TrumpRussia #Kremlingate #COMEY #SallyYates
Indeed, wouldn't preservation of those recordings as public records be required under federal law? And aren't they subject to FOIA request?
stop lying you partisan hack whose infective and needs to be fired by VA voters. I'm one of them.
We already know what happens when you destroy and bleachbit evidence....... Absolutely nothing! Or, is that just for DNC Royalty?
POTUS is not bluffing. He is a hell of a lot smarter than you or any of your cronies.
Start impeachment NOW.
Investigate Mark @MarkWarner for his ties to Russia @wolfblitzer @DanaBashCNN @donlemon @maddow @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson
Shame on you for helping obstruct justice and destroy our democracy by not demanding an immediate impeachment of unstable treasonous #Trump!
Hubba Hubba.  
IF COMEY HAS TAPE IT WOULD PROVE TRUMP LIAR.
BUT TRUMP TWEETS BS & IT'S ALL OVER THE MEDIA LIKE IT MEANS SOMETHING
.
Great GIF
SEND TRUMP A FORMAL EVIDENCE PRESERVATION LETTER ABOUT ANY COMEY OR RUSSIA-RELATED! Saying he ‘should’ retain them is not the way to go.
Agreed! Please put in a formal letter! @timkaine #resist
Even odds the recording is on his bloody phone.  Hack the thing.
take him at his word (?) @MarkWarnerVA , subpoena the tapes... no tapes, then let Comey testfy publicly.
Not should. Must.
What will it take for our elected officials to put country before party. It's as if the Republicans will sell out for tax cut
"Should" is not the right word. "Must" is the right world.
This sounds so lame. How about this: either Judiciary Cmte or SSCI must subpoena the tapes.
If Trump has tapes, WH is REQUIRED BY LAW to preserve them.
@realDonaldTrump SHOULD?  I think you mean MUST.
Trump clearly colluded with russia and is trying to suppress this truth. This is TREASON. Cut the BS and impeach him to protect america.
You know , this double standard crap is not the argument. Trump is blackmailing Comey in a desperate attempt to obstruct justice.
Tapes or any kind of recording.
@neeratanden @realDonaldTrump Those tapes R being destroyed as U speak
Please request "records of conversations" not "tapes". Probably digital audio recordings, but notes on paper count too.
Mark do something positive for your country dont just talk!
Senator, since congress obviously knows about Russians in the WH, when can we expect impeachment proceedings to begin?
Your a LYING LIBERAL with RUSSIA TIES ALSO
@realDonaldTrump Must, not should.
"Should"?  Try MUST.  Frame it accurately  and not pussy footing around it.
You're such a partisan clown
You mean like the crooked democrats. The ones who destroy evidence. #criminals #dems
if there are the president had every right to tape Comey and you know it. Where was your rage when he let Hillary go?
#Virginia #VA cant the good people of this gr8 state with incredible history of stateman do better than a Hack like #Warner ?
@MarkWarner
"Tapes" can be subpoenaed! Do it now!
Comey hopes 4 tapes, makes me wonder who's telling the truth, LOL, not really ;-)  Would believe Comey over that orange baboon any day!
Pls request #Sessions to resign. He obviously hasn't completely recused from TrumpRussia after he committed perjury.
THIS ! 
Honestly, Senate Dems should be willing to grind Congress to halt until conditions on this & Special Prosecutor are met. It's that important https://twitter.com/Susan_Hennessey/status/863446989652058113 …
Up yours
If they exist would it not better to listen to them. Just looking sounds kinda ineffective
Senator, likely all the VOIP phone calls have been recorded.  Start there.
Of course there are tapes, ask Barry Obama for them. What a joke Libs like you Mr Warner are
Yes, let's have Comey sing like a bird about the crimes of @BarackObama & Killary, both of whom were & are funded by Lyin Lynn Roth-shit-fly
ISIS is looking for you
Do you think he realizes that phones can "tape"?
Sen. Warner, "should" is not good enough.  MUST is the appropriate word, and I hope your committee will find the facts.
Maybe those "Tapes" have Hillary's e-mails on them too, comrade
Oh my god.  What would happen if by some strange twist of irony they prove #trump is being truthful!  How weird would that be?
@realDonaldTrump if there were tapes his bloated ego would never allow him to sit on them. He would have turned over to Fox.
Trumpanzees are unable to distinguish betwn legal transactions with Russian companies, &, say, Flynn breaking the law vis-a-vis Putin
That is good. I also like MAGA'Ts
If there are tapes, the belong to the fed. Government not Donald trump. He needs to hand them over. If erased, he could face felony charges.
#ImpeachMarkWarner #FireWarner the guy is horrible. Get rid of him.
Has your traitorous votes helped your state
Please help save our Country and Democracy. I'm counting on you even though I live in the very pitiful state of Alabama. I am a Democrat.
You MUST Protect James Comey 4 the SAKE of our Democracy & TRUTH & petition w: all you've GOT 2 allow him 2 Testify in Open Hearing
Seriously Mark Warner?!? JamesComey RIGHTLY is Refusing 2Testify in a Closed Hearing because he does not TRUST people on the Committee! 1/2
I believe that president Trump is referring to all their conversations not just once . Comey is suspected of FBI leaks
Tell us Mark about the 6 mil you made off of the Russians.  I'd love to hear the details.
You do realize that Comey is corrupt don't you?  You & the Dimms can't fool us anymore. We are on to all of you. Truth will be revealed soon
At your next hearing & opening statement, need an explanation on your taking 6 million from Moscow based Yandex-search engine tech company
We do NOT Trust Richard Burr, need Warner to Step up Louder!!!
if there are tapes, we need a supoena asap before the WH destroys them
The democratic party is running around acting like a bunch of rabid dogs.
Hardcore anti-Trump  Senator   Mark Warner, made $6 million from Russian search  engine and tech company Yandex back in 2012.
The hypocrisy is real.
Subpoena Comey , let America here the truth , all this bluster is making Americans lose faith in the process
Trump's Very, Very Tremendous *hits - If Oval Office "bugged", might want to listen in on #Trump #Lavrov & #Kislyak
Exactly!!  And I hope they are of Oval Office meetings.
Let's talk about that 6 million YOU received from Russian company, shall we? Quit the b.s. rhetoric about @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
Warner and VC of Intelligence is an Oxymoron. Or Warner is a Moron. He is disgustingly partisan.  Blinded by Ideology not truth.
Dude, you are moving WAY too slow on this.  Democracy is in crisis, Mark.  Pick up the pace.The Commonwealth will back you.
Please do something about this imminent threat to our nation.
Thank you @MarkWarner for your hard work & dedication to VA and the USA.
@Only4RM @realDonaldTrump If there are "tapes" they will be phonies concocted by the KGB.
good luck getting them...
Please listen to these "tapes"!!!
Yes,  please,  and soon!
Y wont comey testify? I wud think u wud be outraged senator!! How do justfy getting 6 million from a russian bizness? Please answer-thx
Beyond scary. He has to be stopped. So much worse than I thought possible
Well see the "tapes" just like well see his tax returns
Guess U'll add that 2 the warrant. These things need 2 B implemented ASAP U kno Trump is not above destroying evidence. #TrumpRussia #resist
Bigly IF
Why are you so anxious to investigate everything Trump?  Not once did you care to investigate Obama and his inappropriate actions!
Such as...
IRS, Fast and Furious, Benghazi, Clinton & sale of Uranium to Russia, just to name a few!
Forgot a big one:  Money secretly transferred to a terrorist country (Iran).  If not illegal, why the secrecy?
Subpoena his phone(s). Bet he uses phone to record conversations. Maybe Comey or others re Russia?
Senator, you seem to have some profitable Russia connections.  

Care to investigate those?
Like yours!
Yes. When the GOP grows a set and starts putting Country over Party that will happen. Till then we have #MostCorruptPOTUS
sing Comey sing!
Why isnt Trump's tweet clear obstruction of justice. It's a threat ("or else") meant to intimidate a witness. Same charge vs Nixon & Clinton
All of them
Unless putin has some tapes of it
I doubt there are types, he would have contacted comey privately and threatened him if there were tapes.
Why wouldn't he preserve them? You want a dem committee to look at them? No thanks! @PONTUS will keep them till needed as evidence!
I wonder why 45 assumes that everyone is as unconscionable as he.
Unbelievable this isn't watergate
Bannon probably has them. Trump is exhausting....
There better be an executed and enexpected subpoena tomorrow or it'll all be gone.
The sad thing Mark is all @Whitehouse correspondence was recorded prior to George W Bush.

Republicans used 9/11 to do away with them.  
Read his lawsuit history. He stonewalls and then, oops, records have disappeared. This won't be any different.
Wd any Comey tapes be covered under a pre-existing "preserve evidence" order? If not, I'd get a new one out soon dear Senator.
They should preserve them, but would they if Trump asked Comey about his loyalty to Trump?
Why keep talking this way? The WH couldn't care less about what they "should" do. They may pay attention to a subpoena, but nothing less.
Please, Mark you and rest of Dems need to do something.  This circus is getting to many.  The lies, the crap won't stop.
Stop pussyfooting around the chairman and push him to subpoena the tapes. NOW! #TrumpRussia #TrumpTapes
Seriously?  Watch for a bonfire.
Speaking of tapes...
We need aggressive action, Senator. We trust in you, but need other patriots to step up. #criticalmass
What is he afraid of?
I've given up on my Country. No good men seem to be emerging. Congress and the President are dysfunctional
There are probably as many "tapes" and there were wires "tapped." None. He's just feeding everybody yet another line.
Wouldn't they be required to preserve them under the Presidential Records Act?
This administration needs to know they are not above the law. Turn up the heat!
He's probably edited them by now
Who uses Tapes Anymore? That Alone shows He's Bluffing Just Like Old Fashioned WireTap Claim onObama then had 2Change the Statement 2 Update
The quotes on "tapes" means not actual tapes but recordings of some sort maybe? Like Nixon had tapes = Trump has recordings. #distraction
If there are tapes... Like Watergate tapes! Play them loud and clear for all of America to hear!
Right. So let's see if anything is *actually done* about it. At worst, they don't exist, and POTUS is just being his usual infantile self.
Can u show the rest of us how to make $$ off the Russian co Yandex like u did in 2012?
You have the sub power.  Use it!
I know GOP controls everything, but there has to be patriots amongst them. The POTUS threatened the ex FBI director today. Enough is enough
I agree - subpoena. Intel Committee wasting time by "demanding". However, I don't know if there is some legal glitch that prevents this.
what is the source of your 100s of millions of dollars? you great public servant?
Since you have asked for Flynn's paperwork from the WH, and they have so far ignored the committee...I'd say they will comfortably decline.
Would you like @POTUS to preserve his  for you all as well? Maybe he used a personal recording device. He still has rights too, you know?
If not, I recommend that he preserve the tapes #CrookedHillary style! 
No consequence for destroying evidence, right?
Mark, I grow ashamed of you; now glad I live elsewhere. All Congress is now complicit in harms to US by WH/criminals as you fail to impeach.
Is trump trying to 'blackmail' or 'extort' James Comey?
I'm sure they are safely stored on Hillary's bathroom closet server.
Can you prohibit them from being erased?
Destruction of the tapes=obstruction of justice. Take note @realDonaldTrump
GOP committee chairs have to go along with this?
Oh Geez Louise,.. it was an asinine statement, no evidence. STOP grabbing onto every little thing Mark! He's YOUR PRESIDENT!! get over it!!
Spicer answered: “that’s not a threat. He simply stated a fact. The tweet speaks for itself.” No other info. This indicates tapes are fact.
Exactly
Your Republican colleagues should be ashamed. This traitorous clown needs to be removed from office NOW. No more time please.
I hope he preserves then. Otherwise he should be charged destruction of evidence .
You are a Senator and on the IC Committee.  Show more respect for your position and stop acting like a childish member of CNN or MSNBC.
EVERYONE should take a look at them
Suckers!! Who said there ARE any tapes?!?
Everyone is SO gullible!!!
@POTUS #MAGA
You know if there are tapes they are deleting them at this moment.  Issue the subpoena already.
Lol lol. Hilarious
