Thank you. Here is what I submitted.
R's money & resources into military interventionism while depriving Americans of the basic social safety nets & Health Care. #BlueWave
I Agree with You! you are absolutely Right!
Senate GOP members can be impeached for excepting campaign donation for passage of bills & laws. Bribery under U.S. law.
Monday night we have the "Bernie debate." The danger lies in making it look like either/or with single payer. We must focus on bill at hand!
The danger lies in looking voters in the eye and defending $1,000+ monthly premiums and $10,000 deductibles.
Thank you for standing up for our lives.  Health care is a human right!
we need health insur that won't increase premiums as we are on a fixed income; same with taxes. eliminating all deductions will increase tax
how long is this hearing. Is this  to satisfy @SenJohnMcCain so his conscience will be clear when he votes yes?
I'm trusting the integrity of my Senator, @SenJohnMcCain and his word that this bill is one that needs full process
Lie!!!!
Why dont you votes yes and get onboard? Cross the isle. You going to look at us Oregonians in the eye and tell us how great #ObamaCare is?
How can you ignore your fellow Oregonians and say it's not?? My mother will die without it.
Thank you for fighting for us all!  With a Smile and Great Admiration!  Geri
why not get real americans to sit before committee and say what they mean/feel instead of all this pc bullsh..  i would sit there and say..
I sent my comments to the committee.
Is this the hearing no one can attend because the GOP uses small room to  keep details "under wraps"
i would tell the hearing that all americans aren't looking for jobs or new jobs. what about those of us who r retired or on diability?...

Just go away
Repeal and Replace Obamacare with Over State Line Health Insurance and Change the Pharmaceutical Patent Laws from 20 years to 5 or 10 years
#GrahamCassidy will literally murder untold thousands of Americans. It MUST BE STOPPED!
Agree. My mother was diagnosed with cancer a year ago at age 76, and it just metastasized. Drs offer + prognosis, but without ACA she's done
My letter to the committee...
Terrific letter. I’ve sent my own, but wish I could have cribbed from yours first!
and say "do u people know what its like to see your child in icu for 12 months? to have a doctor tell u he doesn't knw what yr child has? ..
Is this the same hearing that disabled, people in wheelchairs , elderly, children ... we see dragged out of #shameful
I sent my letter, please, everyone, drop a line or send a screed, volume of "NO" is critical!
Please make Congress act on Puerto Rico now! The situation is dire!
Ron when did disrespecting the American flag,our national anthem,our military,and our veterans become agenda items of the Democratic Party?
I can't wait for you to be voted out of office next term! You disgust me! Sick of your liberal double standard and desire to socialize USA!
Why is this getting NO attention from Democrats or MSM?
It was getting attention but then McConnell squashed the bipartisan effort to fix ACA to push their new monstrosity they call healthcare
Obamacare was the biggest pork bill to date in this country @RonWyden you hypocrite. You are the model for term limits.
I sent my comment of opposition and the bad results for my mom, if this passes. gchcomments@finance.senate.gov
Submit comments on GC gchcomments@finance.senate.gov. Make your voice heard
Sent my e-mail!
Jumped up from Wednesday to Monday
I'm furious about the new version coming out tomorrow to manipulate Maine & Alaska with more money for those states!
ditto- no reporting on it.
@finance #GrahamCassidy Done! Too important not to comment.
I sent an email.  Thank you for doing your best for Oregon and the US.
Medicare for all! Get on board!
@VanessaRumbles  @tedlieu @DebraMessing  @Deanofcomedy @tedlieu @JohnFugelsang @chelseahandler please RT
What time do they have to be submitted by?
Just sent my email.
I've sent an email, Senator.  Thank you for your work in trying to block this deathcare bill.
don't be complacent. make those calls, faxes, texts, emails.  http://www.5calls.org  good resource. #grahmcassidy
Done! Thank you.
Shared the link on FB, emailed some family, and retweeted. Just emailed my comments. Thank you, Senator!
As an Oregonian I just sent my email off to the Finance Senate Committee urging non passage of the Graham Cassidy bill.
@KamalaHarris This is an easy, practical way to have input into the process - this week is crucial!
Comments submitted.  
https://twitter.com/ne1for23/status/912086353046884353 …
Done! Keep up the fight @RonWyden.
Thanks!  We just wrote our letter:  https://www.getyourpacktoact.org/?p=1942   #ProtectOurCare #KillTheBill
Sent mine. It was cranky. But I didn't use any cuss words.
Mine too!
#LiberalShitShowThatsOregon
All hands on deck! Please email if you haven’t already done so.
Left a message. Thanks for all your hard work. Kill the bill!
Done and thank you!
Thanks, Ron! It took me 3 minutes to type an email. I appreciate the address!
Done
Here is the email address.
I sent a letter just now, FWIW.  IDK what I am going to do if I lose my coverage or it becomes impossible to afford.
Isn't it impossible to afford now? Is it Medicaid your worried about??
I definitely will today!  I have something to say as my family was personally affected pre ACA and understands its benefits.
https://www.finance.senate.gov/hearings/hearing-to-consider-the-graham-cassidy-heller-johnson-proposal … says statements need to be mailed. Will emails to this address be considered?
@krista077
Done
GrahamCassidy is NOT a Healthcare Bill!  It is simply an attempt to fulfill a spiteful, harmful campaign promise to GOP Voters!  Vote NO!
It is definitely an ANTI-HEALTHCARE bill! That was their promise to their dwindling base. Their base will feel the biggest cuts by far!
Thank you. Letter sent.
I sent my email!!! Have you sent yours?
PS submitting comments will count for 5 phone calls Karma-wise. 
Done
URGENT!!!
@LiberalResist  @kylegriffin1 @AP @tribelaw @Salon @peterdaou @LawyerRogelio @Resist_USA @maclaineshirley @IndivisibleTeam @NursesMedia
Message sent!!!
I has to be done on paper!
Thank you.
Done. Please read mine. No one talks abt 100s millions of us w employer-based coverage, and how neg Graham-Cassidy affects us.
Sent my message on.  Encourage all to do so.  Not hopeful, but it's something.  They need to understand they are proposing killing Americans
Thank you.  This is good to know.
Ty I did email. We all must retweet this so everyone knows.
How Obamacare is crushing the middle class.
Done
Done!  Thank you Senator for fighting for us in Oregon and throughout the U.S.!
So, when are you going to support universal single-payer?
Single payer is not the only form of universal health care. Most countries with universal health care do not have single payer.
Is it true the state can use block grants for non health purposes?
Medicare for all nothing else
They do not care they are heartless.
you're arguments on poor invalid. Or. WA CA all have expanded medicaid WHICH covers illegals too! MIDDLE CLASS ARE BEING SCREWED BY ACA!
Are you purposely misleading or uninformed? Medicaid reimburses hospitals for emergency deliveries which show up in ERs 1/
Will the bill streamline funding to create state-based exchanges allowing innovation, #telemedicine, deliver rapid results to flood victims?
No.
If it passes you can add it to your list of thing Russia did.
Russia Russia Russia
Full repeal is only solution.
Thank you!  Shared on FB, too!
Done
If you would just release the TDA accounts trust held by the federal reserve on every citizen there would be no issues paying for healthcare
Glad you’re opposing #GrahamCasiddy, but defending the ACA is not enough. We need #Medicare4All
Sent. Thank you, Ron Wyden, for representing US.
Most of my comments would be nsfw. I'll try to restrain myself to something productive.
Cap the insurance company premiums, Keep current existing conditions rules, cap hospital and pharmaceutical charges. We're getting screwed
@IndivisibleTeam CTA for Citizen Activists for healthcare by Mon at 8am.  Act NOW.
We HAVE No Power sir..Only the Politicians who are in the power loop have any ability to be anything more than a shrill online. STOP THEM!
Done!
I sent my message. I'll send more messages everyday until this is defeated and the Republicans in Congress work across the aisle to fix ACA.
Dens were adamant not to work with gopsadly schemer/pelosi resisted? Why ?
Done, I sent in a very specific letter with a picture!
Done.
We submitted  95 Stories and reasons to vote no on Graham-Cassidy yesterday. Here is copy:  http://bit.ly/2xrPwkM    Please read each.
Excellent!!!! Bravo  and thank you 
Comments would be a mild word for what I WANT to say.
Thank u Ron. May I suggest u all take a knee b4 the meeting begins?
Done! Thank you Senator Wyden for, as always, setting the standard for honor in Congress.
Done! Thank you sir!
Done.
Done!
@IndivisibleVA @IndivisibleTeam
Done! Thank you Senator Wyden for standing with my Senators Warren and Markey. Let's fix the ACA! And better yet Medicare for all over 55!
How many families lost everything when Congress failed to extend COBRA subsidy in 2010? https://usatoday30.usatoday.com/money/industries/health/2010-08-18-cobra18_CV_N.htm …
Thanks @RonWyden  & I shall also do my darndest to not swear.
Admire your self control 
Thank you and I will be making comments.
How does this hurt seniors. I am a senior and want to know so I can include in my comments.
Why aren't you supporting @SenSanders bill???
@JeffMerkley I have just sent an email to gchcomments@finance.senate.gov-that if GRAHAM/CASSIDY passes, I will single-handedly make sure 1/2
@JeffMerkley that no Legislative or Executive Branch Employees or their families have Medical Insurance again. 2/2
Submitted!
Is our healthcare in danger?
Are you taking it away if Graham/Cassidy goes through?
It releases full control back to the States to decide.
Are you saying that the ACA is the only thing forcing you to be a decent representative for us?
You would toss us off without it?
What if our individual system is so good it becomes adopted by the rest of the States as have many of our policies have before and still do?
Fight for Oregonians and we will lead by example!
the man @RonWyden playing for real.
Done!
done. Murkowski is the dark horse. Will she sell out her countrymen for this shameless bribe?
Done & Done. With over 1mil ppl currently filing for SSDI we have serious health concerns in the U.S. that @GOP won't acknowledge
Email sent!
HEALTHCARE CANNOT REMAIN A LUXURY FOR AMERICANS. We are the only first world country who DOES NOT take care of ALL of their citizens.
SENT MY EMAIL! Thanks Ron!
Let's improve #ACA and move to #medicare4All.

Please stop Bernie Sanders from debating Lindsey Graham on Monday. He will only be helping them repeal ACA!
Just left a comment
Thank you!
Did this yesterday. Can you tell me, please, why this is different from calling? Need to understand.
Or if your in Cali and your Representative is Paul Cook call him at (202) 225-5861, make your voice heard!
Democrats do not want to admit that they screwed up. So, naturally they will be against any attempt to replace the ACA by Republicans.
Done!
"Why do you hate people so much?" 

Feel free to steal and submit. My letter is already sent. 
Stop Bernie and Amy on their suicide mission. Please don't take the bate.
Done and shared
GOP trying to please McCain with this attempt at "regular order." 
https://twitter.com/Debradelai/status/911058182944018432 …

Done
Need discussion of regulating Medical & Drug prices! We should not have to BEG for healthcare! PLZ stop the madness. #ProtectOurCare
I can't wait to vote against him, we shouldn't even be having this conversation
Yes! Yes!
Done! Keep fighting for all of us @RonWyden ! I'm proud you are my elected official.
We did a big blast on it today! Thank you for working to #ProtectOurCare
Why isn't there a CBO account of this bill? Are you freaking lying you GOP conman and women?
"Four states get 40 percent of the money under Obamacare: New York, California, Massachusetts and Maryland,"
@AmandaJK12 As a FQHC pediatrician, I was happy to submit my comment to the committee
Spread the word.
Just submitted a comment. You should do the same.
I love Grahan crackers.
Use this @GuitarJKlein76
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you for everything!!!!
Here's a comment: if you value the needs of your state, pass it.
I value the needs of my sister first.
will you post to Facebook too..so we can share?
Done, thanks buddy!
Thank you, just sent mine! Use @botresist daily!
Thank you. Keep fighting this DEATH SENTSNCE BILL disguised as healthcare
Just a sliver of how my son will be hurt. Obamacare needs some updates so work together to fix it! Put country over #ProtectOurCare #amjoy
Im so sorry you have to worry about HEALTHCARE coverage while worrying about your sons health and care SOME THINGS JUST SHOULDN'T BE.
Thank you!!

Potential cost increases by state:
- AK: $31,790
- AZ: $22,074
- ME: $16,437…
Biased organization. Leftist all the way. Cannot trust them.
All 50 State Medicaid directors have denounced this bill!
I hope this is true
Done!
It's bad when my first reading of this is "RT" (as in Russia Today)... Concerned re:what word they were spreading.
STOP THE INSANITY
This presidency is like an acid trip where the acid has been cut with PCP. No fun at all and it seems like it will never end.
Couldn't agree more.
Thanks for getting this out! Graham and Cassidy really believe that Monday hearing is "regular order?"
Address to Graham/Cassidy? Who is included in the hearing?
@mjswenson71 Done again!
Done!
Thank youagain Sen Wyden. Please fight like mad...Oregon is being targeted in bill to be punished for ACA/Dem  support. Sick bill must die.
Done!! I will also be calling about it tomorrow.
Sent comment to gchcomments@finance.senate.gov. We have a disabled child and this health bill must not go through.
Im with U. Any bill allowing lifetime caps would spell death 4 me. Ins & PHARMA have made it too expensive to be sick. But both OWN  the Rs.
Pharma owns everyone including the FDA.
THIS BILL MUST NOT PASS!!  #GrahamCassidyBill
Done!
Done
I have sent my email. Thanks for the tip!
Done
Hoping this hearing does not satisfy Sen. McCain's concerns about process.
