BREAKING: Senate Republicans unveil health care bill scuttling Obama law; plan cuts Medicaid, slashes taxes for wealthy
It's not a healthcare bill for the millions of Americans who will lose their insurance under #Trumpcare
#Trumpcare is not a healthcare bill for patients with pre-existing conditions like diabetes, asthma, or depression.
#Trumpcare is not a healthcare bill for the elderly, the disabled, or 1/3 of Virginia's kids who get their coverage through Medicaid.
#Trumpcare is a massive tax cut for the wealthiest Americans, and it cuts taxes on the backs of our most vulnerable. That's downright cruel.
dems R proving 2 b 4 themselves & no others we R seniors & traveling vets,we R asking 4 more trumps in washington,less u,VOTE NO 4 CROOKS
Thank you, Senator, for all your hard work on this and looking out for the best interests of the American people!
Obamacare is breaking the backs of American workers. Not that you'd know, after making big bucks in RUSSIA.
Oh look everyone - a representative who spends our tax dollars trolling another member of Congress by throwing random sht at the wall!
Is it untrue? I hope Mark clears it up.
Do you understand that, whether this is true or not, it has NOTHING to do with health care? You're just making yourself look ignorant.
Mark is the one continually wasting time in the Senate with his conspiracy theories. Now it turns out HE has "Russia ties"? Figures!
[taps mic] Is this thing on?
THIS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH HEALTH CARE.
Please try to stay on topic, yes?
U r a crook,liar,cheater,we the seniors & vet's R traveling,spreading r word,we want more trumps in washington working 4 us,doing fantastic
Ur holding on 2 this 4 ur own benefits,not r's..u do not work 4 us,that's why we want more trumps in DC,U r fighting him so he can't cleanup
Vote no 4 all political people,we need 2 clean the cesspool,I'm 67,travel with vets,never believed how crooked DC HAS become,cover up
Please fight this travesty, Senator Warner! This is as unamerican as it gets! Please vote NO!
Please speak out re what Trump is doing to Sen Murkoswki.  Relying on you and @timkaine to reign in this thug and his bullying.
Well doesn't she look chummy with failed legacy of America beside her,watch hillarys America& obamas america.both on DVD & books.true facts
Hey folx,watch hillarys America & obamas america.both on DVD & books.true facts very scary,we were being led 2 slaughter,a must see 2 learn
U get 75% subsidies 2 pay ur healthcare,why,?that's why all u dems R holding on 2 obreakme care 4 us,ur getting urs super cheap & WE NO IT,
We voted trump in 4 a reason,we R sick & tired of politicians.u should punch in 40 hours a week,4 weeks vacation,1 week sick pay,cut in pay
You are fibbing again.
Do your job get off the Russian trump witch hunt. Get to work on Health Care and tax reform . Don't you need a crime before u investigate?
Thank You for doing YOUR job and working in a BIPARTISAN manner to improve our current health system.
ALL need 2 learn about fusion gps,group paid 4 by DEMS 2 get fake false facts on trump,2 slow down his successes 4 us the people CROOKS
Vote NO 4 DEMS,THEY HAVE 75% SUBSIDIES PAYING 4 THEIR HEALTHCARE,THEY LIED.SAID THEY R SMALL BUSINESS OF 50 OR LESS 2 GET IT,WANT 2 KEEP IT
Don't call you a senator
Can't you be honest forn once? It does a lot more then that and as a rich business owner  you know the impact those tax cuts have.#StopTheBS
Look up facts folks,find the truth,they lie,cheat on healthcare,check fast & furious,obamagate,chinagate,now we have deb wasserman schultz
There is more crime in cesspool than we knew,watch FOX news,their slogan is we report you decide.do ur homework,I'm  67.we switched parties
Saw u on tv 2 day about kelly,DON'T U EVER SAY R PREZ WHO WE THE PEOPLE PUT IN SHOULD CHANGE HIS BEHAVIOR,I DON'T WANT ANOTHER CESSPOOLER
#WouldYouHaveVotedFor the 
#13Amendment 
#IfYouKnewItWouldBan
#WomenAsProperty and
#ForcingGirlsToLaborForAnothersHealthcare ?
How could they have ever thought this was the right thing to do
Tell #Republicans that employed #disabled pay #federal taxes. Put more to work #ADA on fed funded contracts & they will get more money
millions of stories like this while MARK WARNER GETS 75% SUBSIDIES 4 HIS HEALTHCARE,VOTE NO 4 POLITICIANS.CLEAN THE SWAMP,MORE BUSINESSMEN
Lots of us switched,see how many by watching FOX NEWS,THEIR SLOGAN IS WE REPORT YOU DECIDE.GET FACTS,NOT OPINIONS THROWN AT U,FEAR MONGERS
Dems want 2 keep obreakme care 4 themselves folks,they get 75% subsidies,CLAIMED they were a small business of 50 or less 2 get it,THEY LIED
Don't call this man a senator. Vote him out!
Stop lying to people, use fear factor .
The truth is we are all going to die .Period.
Biggest waste of r $.& will all be 4 nsught,2 many conflicts of interest 2 hold up in court of law,covering up hiding all clinton/obama lies
I expect a full repeal
can the Dems charge GOP with Crimes Against Humanity for dropping 30M from healthcare. My son and grandson will die w/o ACA. Both epilepsy
Please encourage all to set their political allegiance aside and actually give allegiance to the American people & supporting their welfare!
Your job depends on how you vote today , we are watching in VA . Vote Yes! Aetna health care ends for my family in Dec . ENOUGH!!!!
@MarkWarner @timkaine Thank you for supporting real healthcare discussion not the sham @SenateMajLdr is shoving us
And please look into this. The gall displayed by 45 is astounding.
This is Alfa Bank.
Thank you for supporting the most vulnerable Virginians. We need to protect our neighbors. #HealthCareVote NO
Can call that a lack of healthcare bill! Keep opposing the repeal of ACA with no replacement. Pull up a chair to GOP. Don't leave! WorkTgthr

Expand Medicaid. Remove the SS income tax ceiling to fund it. Repeal Obamacare totally. Get rid of all the Democratic Pork in Obamacare
Cut that mandate and the tax penalty it's unconstitutional!  I can't afford 820 a mo with a 6250 deductible so I have to pay a 1600 tax !
ICYMI #resist the bullying op ed by former GOP senator https://usat.ly/2eIjBWB 
The government should never have involved itself in health care. Democrats are to blame for this 2010 disaster! Get involved and fix it!
You have enough money to pay for all medicaid  and by the way you lie medicaid stays the same as before . Illegals should not get medicaid
Kim Jung Trump
Please vote against repealing Obamacare.
Warner, vote NO ON TRUMPCARE
What have you done for the past eight years? Obamacare is a loser? Unconscionable and unacceptable! All talk no action! Disgraceful
I see you are up for re-elction next yr
You also know ObamaCare is the culprit -- as well as the Dems with these remarks! @TeamCavuto is correct. IC dem mbrs biased for HRC.
All things work together for those who fear the Lord.
Making more jobs means more people can afford own ins.
Forecast: fewer medicare and medicaid recipients means less to dole out.
How many $$ do you get from healthcare lobbyists?
Saves money by booting millions of trough eaters who are lazy or illegal,  redundant admins and corrupt thieves.
Democrats are against Americans.  Democrats only represent the rich.
Are you guys working on anything to counter this mess? Please put something out there from the Dems to FIX the problems.

You voted for Obamacare! It is a loser !!! Why didn't you fix it? All partisan talk and no action
Dont call this guy a "legislator" !
And ACA is?Give me a break!You're a sick HumanBeing,no care for what is BEST for country.All U want to do is criticize @realDonaldTrump
So what are you doing about it? Tell us YOUR plan specifically. ARE YOU PASSING FIRST, THEN WE READ? #You'llNeverScrewUsAgain
Thank You Mark for all of your hard work and everything you do!!!!!

#trumpcare will go down in history as an act of #hybridwar backed by Russian #darkmoney. @FBI Price is a criminal 
it was another factor on trump's scandalous agenda,& another factor you rightist had complained about,you 2 face liars if it was HRC oh,no!
Oh__,please Mr warner trump jr meeting was publicized like trump admin. receiving money from Russia,when it happened at timeevery1 saw &....
#HealthcareBill 
#HealthcareBill 
#HealthcareBill
Start at the bottom.  Look closely at how healthcare actually works.  Follow it to the top-how we pay insurance companies for coverage.
Should start with cutting actual costs of healthcare.  Too much waste.  Then deal with how we pay insurance companies.
I won't. There is no way in heck anyone on the hill has any idea what's in bill. Who will be capable of enforcing it. Cut it to 10 pages.
Senator who is your insurance carrier?
TRYING TO LEGIT, LEGALISE & NORMALISE THE STATUS QUO! MIRROR TO FOOT IN MOUTH! DATA INFO.
it has been put on hold so hold the lies we have heard them all
OBAMA SHOULD BE IN JAIL ALONG WITH PELOSI AND THE REST OF THE DEMS WHO PASSED OBAMACARE.IT HAS BEEN AND STILL IS THE WORST HEALTHCARE SYSTEM
and while you're at it don't @POTUS a president.. the laziest president in history.. waiting at desk, pen in hand
So Mr. Warner, how high are you wanting Medicaid to go to? How can u justify this?
Can you believe there are people out there stupid enough to think Obamacare was a good Bill?
Former POTUS Regan reduced taxes for everyone & it created jobs & a better economy a fact the last 8 years Democrats in charge very few jobs
Warner you need to get everyone on board to impeach Trump before America is gone for ever
Trump healthcare bill sucks Trump can't even tell the truth Medicaid would be gone
you realize the more y'all push this Russia crap,the more sins the Obama admin did to create all this. They will go to prison.We Thank you
Don jr was set up by Obama DOJ, state dept, comey, they tapped their phones illegally. The Russian lawyer then met w/ Obama. Set up!!
"His Excellency" Really? 
Ask your friends. Obama,Clinton,Kerry. All this crap happened under their and your watch. You hack
They used to be. I know I was one for forty one years. When you want potus to fail for your own political gain,you want America to fail
Of the corrupt B.S. in Washington. You hate Trump because he's not a politician. He scares you, that's evident. Dem. Party is not party
But that's not going to happen,to much politics as usual. And the Dems and media are to busy with your coup. Trump won because we're tired
You can't call Obamacare a health care bill either.It was health insurance reform not health care. Would love to see both sides work united
Dont call this guy a legislator !
Please don't vote for any health care bills that will hurt millions of us Americans. Thank u for being a wonderful Senator.
Good luck  prayers.  All tyranny needs to gain a foothold is for people of good conscience to remain silent. Thomas Jefferson
What a phony !
#ThankYou Sir for your health representation & #leadership of #Virginia !  #Health is everything! #Nurses #VoteNoBCRA @RNAction
Marky, when I was a kid 30 years ago, my dads health care was awesome.  So tell me why pre-OCare is so bad? Tell me why we need OCare?
Paying into a health plan for young people is not viable. It is delusional.
Can't you get on Fox News entertainment to convey to trumpites what they will lose under trumpcare? Fix Affordable Care Act.
Can't you persuade moderates to vote no???  They want to slash Healthcare to give to their friends that get rich off the war machine.
Tell us about $6 million you received from Russian tech company. One who lives in glass house shouldn't throw stones.
Dems should have come up with something to counter Rs health care bill.  Give ppl a REAL choice. U knew problems.. fix it.
HEALTHCARE SHOULD BE A HUMAN RIGHT! DATA.
HEALTHCARE BILL REV. WELFARE BILL NEUTRAL BLOCK MODE TAX CUT FOR THE WEALTHY.
http://1.You  have been a hero.2.Quit calling it Obama Care, the bigots want to make it as if he was never there. Impeach,Imprison
do you agree theres a problem with Obamacare???   If you spent 1/2 the time moving forward it would get  done.  Easy to say no no no
Repeal Obamacare,stop the monopoly of health care ins companies
Why that's what you guys called Obamacare you guys must not look in the mirror in the morning
Free the American health care system.cut this health care Monopoly #stopthehealthcaremonopoly
Obamacare wasn't a fucking health care bill either. WHERE IN THE CONSTITUTION DOES IT SAY HEALTH CARE FALLS UNDER FED GOVT CONTROL?
It about time. Set the American people health care system free. Get out of the way, cut this gov. Corrupt politicians say bye bye
it's #ObamaCare without the penalty. You #Hypocrites voted for it!
After your appearance and what you said on @BretBaier I don't call you an honest person.
His face was red
No wonder your party in shambles and GOP has house congress and POTUS. No leadership, no direction, no plan. Resistance is not a plan loser
It's the same healthcare as Not-Yo-Mama Care without the penalty! Remember you Demon(crats) voted for it & now are not #Hypocrites
"obst, collision, treason, ground for impeachment" and jeopardized POTUS, election, US security, but no talks 6.5 mnths into presidency?
Intelligence Agencies know all govts spy on all govts. You are on TV everywhere. PLEASE STOP RUSSIAN NONSENSE. Help @GOP fix WTP healthcare
At least they haven't LIED and rammed it down the throats of hard-working Americans like Democrats did with Obamacare. Shame on all of you!!
#WeThePeople don't call you a representative of US! #DrainTheSwamp 
Please work with the Republicans to repeal and replace Obama care thank you
U said on Baier no other evidence of "collusion/obst" Bc we haven't talked to them yet. So what have you been doing?
SIR how about a BET your wrong, your like Tim, another DEM. NUT JOB THERE ARE WAY TOO MANY SWAMP PEOPLE DO LITTLE . MAKE ME A BET
Repeal the forced mandate! Now!!
Senator please tell me that the Republicans didn't remove Congress from falling under the new healthcare bill, just the rest of America!
Thank you @MarkWarner for opposing the bill. (Can we just count this as a call to your office?)
Don't call ACA a healthcare bill either. Partisan slimy sounding hack
We know what this really is.
It is designed to cause the deaths of as many Amers as possible to decrease the drain on SS leaving billions to be stolen by 1%
Yourself and Tim Cain stop this obstruction nonsense and look after your voters.
Our health insurance premiums have more than doubled and the amount of coverage has been cut in half to basically a catastrophic plan.
The ONLY HC system w/ a death panel is the SINGLE payer sys which u support. Ask Charlie Gard's Mom & Dad! STOP lying about the HC bill!
How about no healthcare bill and let everyone get and pay their own insurance?? Obama messed up everything!!
Please stop this bill!
Who cares,   U had 8 years to do something and did nothing. 20mil on obama care out of 350 mil i call call that a FAIL.
Thank you, sir, for holding the line on healthcare. Lucky to have you as my Senator.
We voters and citizen in this great country are fed up with intel committees , budget comms, hearings, fighting, fuming, you name it ,
Saying and doing just what " SENIOR " SENATORS do  ,belly ache!
Your a joke!!
And. By the way , we citizens are fed up with you SENIOR POLITICIANS. go home ...make a living o n your own not tax payers!!
Call it DeathCare every time you're near a mic. GOP wins with buzzwords and inflammatory language. Play the game.
I don't care who any of them meet with...just fix and secure the damn country. Prosperity will prevail and silence MSM..
Repeal Obamacare care totally!  Lower Medicare age to 62. Expand Medicaid. Pay for it by removing 106k income ceiling on SS and Medicare tax
Look at the baby in the UK. Little Charlie. Government run health care is not allowing his parents to utilize all means to save his life
And I won't call you Senator but traitor to American people! #RedNationRising
Plan does NOT CUT MEDCARE, STOP LYING! Plan changes growth rate to reasonable rate, NO CUTS!!! Dems are liars! Stop obstructing! Do ur job!

Please do not let @potus @vp @speakerryan @tedcruz @SenateMajLdr launch Putin's weaponized #hybridwar bill #trumpcare. Trumpcare is #treason 
Don't call Obamacrapcare a healthcare bill either if you get ill.
Dont callthe bullshit you passed without reading a healthcare bill its imploding and you dems don't give a shit
Neither was the ACA. Both are insurance profit bills.
You remain an embarrassing numbskull.
