If true, it will be incumbent on State AG's to step up and investigate to determine if State laws were broken.
Precisely why Preet Bahara was fired he had a case going in NY
Mr. Bahara was a federal prosecutor.  trump has authority to pardon for federal crimes but not State crimes
Yes federal but committed in New York turned over to Schneiderman
Thank you!

if @realDonaldTrump had nothing to do with RUSSIA no loans ,no ties then why look into pardons things that make one go hmmmmm
Exactly. The man does not have a poker face.

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RbpBxJ3QNyvts_w16UcSSGeH7cSrXK9U3wIq0OOq-Xs/mobilebasic …
If you are not guilty, why consider or think about a pardon?
If he does this let it be known the American people will not agree!
45 continues to diminish our leadership in the world on an hourly basis!
SHAME ON YOU @MarkWarner - Jared Kushner, needs to testify in Open Session & Under Oath!! Not a private chat fest! Disgrace!!!
This isn't Warner. This is a power play by Chuck Grassley as just reported by @maddow
I, understand that to a certain extent... He's on the committee... For the record... think very highly of Mark Warner...
May be? And may be not. So you put information out that you have no clue on. Typical dramacrat bs.
No worse than obamas pardons for real criminals.
How many @GOP do you have on your side? I bet 0.
Please subpoena Jr., Manafort and Kushner for public testimony NOW!  Grassley is a Trump-puppet for canceling. Do the right thing!
"Something is rotten in Denmark" -Mandela
Why is Jared Kushner not under oath for his testimony? Why should he tell the truth? No accountability!
Once again can you focus your energy on a real issue. Like repealing Obamacare. Would you get your government hands out of our lives
Pres. Obama knew about the Russia meddling and did nothing.  Where was your outrage?
Good! There shouldn't be all this time wasted on the democrats Fake News!
I don't think you and others will be part of any pardons.
Admission of guilt.... snicker, ops..
So what Warner Every POTUS pardons who they want. Mueller is investigating everything but Russian interference
BOT
Where is @SenatorBurr and other Republicans? @ChuckGrassley @SpeakerRyan @LindseyGrahamSC @marcorubio @SenateMajLdr @GOPLeader @GOPoversight
YES!
If they don't start speaking out they'll lose any remaining credibility.
DEMS must be united to take advantage of it!
cc: @DemsWork4USA
Do they have any credibility remaining?? I don't think so!!
TY in advance for guaranteeing GOP landslides #election2018 #election2020  
#outoftouch
Thank you!
This is extremely disturbing.
"Complete power to pardon": Can also levitate buildings, bend spoons, guess your age and weight...
as I always believed the 1st & 2nd day the lier & thief laugh but on the 3rd day honest people celebrate cs the truth comes out
I thought Sessions was supposed to recuse himself from all things Russian.
That be a sign trump & crew Jared guilty of something
So #RussianAgents can continue to move abt freely n theDismantling of U.S. Govt 4 interfering w/efforts to oppress Ukraine's ppl
It does appear w/Trump n office both Russia &China R joining togethr to threaten & discredit America as a super-power #Checkmate
Here's theQuestion: Will #Putin REALLY allow Trump &family 2FLEE2 Russian or China or will both suddenly leave'm hanging out2DRY
Senator I know that you are on Intel and not on Judiciary, but we will not accept this BS with Don Jr. and Manafort in private interviews.
to be clear, if Feinstein and others dont DEMAND public hearing all of you will be blamed. It appears Feinstein is assisting in the cover up
Anyways one step ahead. Suckas
Report: 
Trump's legal team working to intimidate Mueller's team by "investigating the investigators."
Above the law didn't work for tricky Richard. 
Don't think it will work for Trump either. There's
a Co. In Texas that makes rope though.
i could be wrong (and may be a little too hard on @RepAdamSchiff ) -but it seems to me that you're the most effective/productive Democrat
If you try really hard, in this current situation, you might even be able to find a woman to put on that pedestal.
Snark?  Really?  We're not on the same team?
We are, gentle reminder. 
Back in '74 I was friends w/a 60's feminist - who turned me onto some amazing books - which helped. We're on the same team
Where there's smoke, there's fire. Get him out.
Sadly, nothing will be done. Right Mark? Be truly honest. Nothing will be done and they will get away with everything
We haven't even charged them. And, why is that?
'Crossing a fundamental line' doesn't mattr to #ToxicTrump SURELY stratgy is remove #ToxicTrump 1st so he doesn't hv the 'pardoning power'!
investigation. All findings will still remain public domain, so in essence firing would still be counterproductive
Sen Warner. Ty for your service. If the donald seeks to fire Sec Mueller the Senate always has the power to subpoena the records of the
Does anyone know why the House Intel  Committee was not mentioned in statement? Mueller's investigation is? Just curious if it's relevant?
My statement on Sen Warner- balance budget, repeal Obamacare and work for Va. Stop wasting time on this USSR witchunt.
You are nothing but a shit stirrer.  No news in your statement...just speculation to feed the deranged @POTUS haters, including the MSM.
I was thinking of making a pitch to Wal Mart for this. Do you think it'll sell????
I never knew the President could pardon someone who wasn't convicted.
Good thing is pardons are only for federal charges..state charges can put them ALL UNDER the jail!!
To me this is proof that Trump is guilty and it's frustrating that we can't just remove him now #TheResistance #Resist #NotMyPresident
Innocent men don't ask to be pardoned!!!
#ImpeachTrumpNow ! ! !
@HouseJudiciary @senjudiciary
This should not be allowed to happen. No one else gets away with crap.
Russian delusion is strong today.
How many time is he going to "cross the line" before you law makers stop redrawing it.
Not.Gonna.Happen.
There's way more evidence of Dems colluding w/ the MSM, Russia, Ukraine, Saudi Arabia, Iran. You have no evidence of Trump-Russia collusion.
Committees investigating this Russia issue need to draw DJT a red line publicly
I think that's what Mark Warner just did!
The committee needs to be more forceful. This elected employee of the American people has no right to make veiled threats to Mueller
The plan was to use his pardons power before he got elected!
You are a slime, Mr. Warner.  Duplicitous, underhanded, corrupt. You're part of the problem.
Please do not let this happen. What r all the republicans doing this is so wrong if Hillary had done this, she would hv been in jail
Wow! Did Sessions really balk at outright lying in defense of Trump. Hey maybe the guy can learn. Still wish he'd veered all the way 2 truth
@ROMO212 I dont recall. I dont know. I dont remember. I cant answer that.
Please tell me, How are the American people supposed to trust or have faith in ourvPOTUS anymore? Rep. Sen. & Reps. ignore what he does/says

All I see is "No comment @ this time". Independent & non partisan, Investigation and Independent Special Prosecutor NOW! Sally Yates is good
@SenSchumer please rally !
Go get 'em Mark! We gotta stop this disaster now! We all know he did it 
Get #45 &#TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpCriout of our Whitehouse NOW!!
Thank you!
Thank you Senator!!
you don't pardon innocent people
WTF
This country was attacked just as we were on December 7, 1942 or Sept 11, 2001.
Thank you @MarkWarner for standing up for all Americans & Virginians!  We Virginians have your back - keep doing the right thing on this!
Isn't this a clear admission of guilt in and of itself?
If they get away with raping the United States of America with the help of Putin/Russia the 's gonna hit the fan all across America!!!
1/ Obama spying and unmasking, pay for play, IRS, fast and furious, uranium deal, Benghazi, Tarmac meeting, Comey lying and leaking,..
2/ Mueller conflict of interest, Podesta & Dems links to Russia, fake dossier, Fusion, Seth Rich & DNC &Hillary email witnesses 'suicided'..
3/ I could go on. You criminals and obstructionist lost an election. You don't want all your crimes investigated hence the Russia fake story
5/ so carry on with your whinging. You have your supporters and @POTUS has millions of us so bring it on. We will not give up this fight.
6/ we will not allow our country to be sold out to a bunch of criminal political elitists who think of themselves. I'm done with u. Grow up
Don't you have anything real to do in that office of yours are you just play into this BS that you know was totally set up by the Democrats
@jfuller49 Can't ANYONE ANYWHERE STOP THIS MADNESS?
How is there even discussion of pardons going on when investigation's not even done?! THIS IS WHAT DRIVES PEOPLE CRAZY.
Tell that to Trump.
I think he blocked me, so. Guess I got that going for me.
They know that they r guilty of treason. Why don't u know that?
Crossing a line?  Really?  He crossed over to the dark side long ago.  REALLY?  He's insane.  Nothing Shocking, so says Jane.
And what was your response? When will we see ANYBODY from the WH at a public hearing? Tic tock Senator We are losing patience and faith
More fake news, stop already your better than this, I will pray for you
Real question: if DT & Co. are found guilty of "collusion" wouldn't his presidency become null and void and therefore unable to pardon?
He can pre-pardon others; Ford did it with Nixon. Theres debate on whether POTUS can pardon themselves-Constitution is not explicit about it
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats 
If the line is crossed, what will Congress DO, besides being very concerned and troubled?
If Grandpa trump pardons his kids and himself, his followers will erect a monument to him and declare him President for Life.  #MAGA
Thank you, Senator.
The http://S.I.C.is  doing a good job asking questions. It needs to get more answers & get all these thugs out of office
Blah, blah, blah...you always say the right thing but, like Nero, you and your colleagues fiddle with words while America burns...
Time 2 put America1st & Stop this witch hunt GodBlessAmerica ThankYou President Trump4  your service DrainingTheSwamp Won'tHappenW/OFight
What crazy universe am I in, listening to this on CNN and hearing all the president's potential option. LIKE THIS IS OK????
how do u know that?  I hope the media is not your source?
This has been blown way out of proportion, how about Clinton campaign working with Ukraine? Is that problematic or not, because Democrat?
Keep up the great work, Mr. Warner! I grew up in Virginia and have always respected you & your leadership!
A precedent must be set. We cannot allow Trump to walk off into folk hero status. There must be consequences.
Statement on reports that President Trump may be considering pardons to individuals involved in the Russia probe:
Thank you!!!
Crossing the line? If Trump pardons the Russians, he should be kicked out the back door! What a total disrespect for our Country!
We really just need to impeach this guy already.
You guys up on the hill need to re-draft the Special Prosecutor bill, to re-hire Mueller, if Trump fires him!! This is wrong!! 
keep working!
yet obama used 'executive privilege' on holder's behalf after countless people were killed due to their negligence, and you stayed silent.
Where are these reports coming from, CNN?  Go get him McCarthy Jr.!
Trump is Under Investigation.  Why is he allowed?  Can't Congress Stop this?
That's not right, that he can pardon people for crimes. WTH is the point of having laws, if this degenerate can just trample over them?!
Enough is enough
Love u man, but with all due respect he crossed that line a while ago. Throw out the nets, reel him in and end the madness
So where is Sen Burr in this? Mute?
Wouldn't preemptively pardoning individuals mean they can't then claim their testimony might incriminate them under the 5th?
Crossing a fundamental line? What will you DO when he crosses it? Because he will. #Impeach45
impeach
Why is he still in White house?
Consequences?
I can only hope when you say "crossing a fundamental line" you mean crossing a fundamental line right into prison... #LockHimUp #CrookedRump
And, What is this anyway? Another leak. Are you going to  become the next leaker @MarkWarner? Do you guys have no morals?
"Trump MAY be considering issuing pardons" r u guys 4 real. @MarkWarner  may b considering becoming a karate master. Would u call that news?
No, nothing illegal about Karate. Not surprised this has to be explained to a gullible #Rumper but come on, at least TRY thinking...
Do you have proof that Trump is planning on pardoning anyone?
Great statement. But you/all under oath to protect US are out of time given 45s plan & new DOJ asset forfeiture rule https://www.dcreport.org/2017/07/19/is-this-trumps-vision-for-america/ …
If he finds a way to do that, this nation, as we have known it, is doomed.
We need your vigilance, Senator Warner. And thank you for calling Russia's actions what they are - an attack on our democracy. #nopardons
I would never have thought this would be happening in the USA.  The character and quality of the next President is critically important.
I love you Senator - but we/you have to move past "disturbing". A full blown "Winter is Coming" is more appropriate at this point. 

ENOUGH
Sessions' memory lapses, 5th whenever feels like it-maybe has brain tumor, too. God Bless McCain. Don't usually agree w/ but McCain is real
You cannot allow a precedent set to collaborate w enemy to steal a US election and then work to damage our institutions as cabinet has done
Thank you Senator Warner- I hope the Senate and the House work on a way to block any sort of pardon he may attempt #Guilty #TraitorTrump
thank you, sir
His power to pardon on this matter should be revoked immediately. This is treason, not a 3rd rate burglary.
There are many facets to this. Pardons are legal concessions of guilt of the pardoned. They also loose their 5th amendment protection.
I just want them all to face severe consequences for the circus they've turned our White House into.His actions & lies have been disgusting.
Agreed. Up to & including the noose if evidence so convicts. Liquidation of assets & humiliation. His cost to our country is beyond measure.
I agree with you 100%
Bravo! @JeffFlake and @SenJohnMcCain need to speak up on this as well. COUNTRY over party! #TrumpRussia
What are the potential consequences of crossing that line?
Who has the Authority to tell DJT that He can not meddle with Pardons or Firing Mueller? If He does that what is your response? Handcuffs?
Def sounds like trump & Sessions hv been busy planning pardons 4 their gang of cutthroats. The 1 they can't pardon is the chief criminal....
Amazes me people keep thanking this idiot. He is costing us money helped pass obama care and lied to you about it. Then sits back while
People are suffering and now sits on his ass and comes up with nothing to fix. How well he is working for you
Thank you
How many times did DJT slap democracy in her face? Where is justice? Never a word from @SenateGOP, surprise but not surprised.
GOP continues 2 fail the country,by staying silent&putting party before country.Can they really not yet c their president is nuts?
Because they're ALL making money off of being in office! Greed "trumps" everything for them!
Kind of like dems getting immunity under obama.
Trump thinks he can pardon his self and still be president
History does not die - just brain cells. First 10 comments here are scary ignorant.
Get ready because the delusional one in the WH thinks he and his comrades are untouchable. Stand up for America and show him he is wrong.
Is it legal to issue pardons to someone under investigation? If so, what is wrong with our laws??
@SethAbramson just wrote an incredibly detailed tweetstorm on this... if he keeps this up, we'll all be tempted to play lawyers on Twitter
The number of seats Dems will take in the midterms if GOP cowards don't stop this... will be LEGENDARY
Gonna hold you to that one.
Note that we've heard nothing from the GOP.  (Well ... I haven't.)
Statement on reports that President Trump may be considering pardons to individuals involved in the Russia probe: 
@MarkWarner Keep up the great work, Senator! We know that the intelligence committee & Mueller will get to the bottom of this. #TrumpRussia
When R the dems going 2 stop focusing on the "what ifs" & "maybes" & start focusing on the "did happens" & "is happenings"?
Yep, he'll pardon them all, perhaps himself too. And there's not a damn thing anyone can do about it. 2018 elections can't come soon enough
Ooooooo a statement...oooooooooo. Pardon power belongs to the President. Suck on it..
Pardons for WHAT
'Extremely disturbing' is quite the understatementIt's very similar to GOP saying 'our prayers are with family' after lunatic w/gun kills
please don't say "extremely disturbing", we are way beyond that! #ImpeachTrumpNow
You are defending our democracy. My deepest thanks and support.
Thank you. Why don’t you purchase a sack of bull testicles before work and pass them out to Republican Senators. Don’t seem to have theirs.
Thank you, I wish you were my senator instead of the unspeakable ones I do have. 

Hint: they are the 2 worst ones.
Are you from North Carolina?  If not, we would give you a run for your money--
GOOD! I bet you approve of Marc Rich pardon & all the unconditional immunity deals given to those involved in Hillary's email scandal tho...
What a liar you are @MarkWarner. He can't pardon someone that isn't convicted and there is NO evidence for conviction and YOU know that!
.@SenateDems, QUICK!! #25THAmendment that wackjob!! #TraitorTrumpMustGO
what about this?   REALLY?   Senate Intellegence Committee in CLOSED SESSION....NOT UNDER OATH Monday?
WTF is the point!?  More #GOPCorruption.  The SIC is a shill 'investigative' body re:  #TrumpRussiaCoverup #GOPIsComplicit  #DontBeFooled
It is My Understanding That He can't Pardon Co-Conspirators.
I have little doubt that Trump would pardon any found guilty of offenses connected to the Russia probe. Impeachment would then be an option.
Pardons= admission of guilt
So you take that he is unable to comment that pardons were discussed. Sessions is following protocol on not commenting, not admitting, #ffs.
@ChurlSands I'm impressed. Warner is being proactive. A stark contrast with typical Democratic reactive posture.
Scary stuff.
Unfortunately we seem to be living under a monarchy now? Thank you @MarkWarner for standing on the right side of history
@RulingVenus Just another impeachment charge to put on "The Mango Flying Monkeys Ass" Eff u trump.  Ur time is near its end
Guilty guilty guilty. I hope he pardons his family and friends and then they all get hit with state charges. NY State charges.
Thank you Senator @MarkWarner! We the people deserve to know the truth about what happened & ensure it never happens again! #TrumpRussia
@MarkWarner Article 2, Section 2 of the U.S. Constitution: the president has the power to grant pardons EXCEPT in the case of impeachment.
Keep on with the good fight... find it all and take then down! #TrumpRussiaCollusionConfirmed
Relax ppl. He will be impeached. In which case he will not be able to pardon.
He might now...
There should not be ANY pardons.
He absolutely could have commented. That douche STILL doesn't have executive privilege. Statement should Read, "would not comment"
Federalist Papers clear .. A President can't pardon himself
Under both parties, DOJ legal guidance flatly refers to prosecuting a POTUS after he leaves office- which assumes he couldn't pardon himself https://twitter.com/AriMelber/status/888234752636887041 …
@ProfessorShakey - This seems a valid argument. Since a pardon can't be issued unless indictment possible & indictment requires removed1/2
POTUS (no longer in office) and if he is no longer in office, he no longer has pardon power - so can't self-pardon?
An indictment is "possible" at any time in the future after he leaves office within statute of limitations.
So it's still unsettled law as to whether he can pre-emptively self pardon before he leaves office? Good grief!
Yeah.
Geez we need to lock down some reasonable damn future legislation on this issue.
I say bring on the pardons - Federal crimes only! Then @AGSchneiderman, #NYState, will bat clean-up. Make Trump U case look like jay walking
Sen Warner we'd love to have your clone in Texas, desperately!!!
6) best for America. So PLEASE Stop the nonsense. Listen to the PEOPLE who don't want to hear about Russia ANY MORE! We voted, HE won! DONE!
You are very sad cali mom of 3. Your lack of intelligence and patriotism is obvious. I hope your children get a better education than mom.
The 'people' you speak of are the minority in this country... so PLEASE save your whining for after the impeachment. #TrumpRussiaCollusion
5)over it. None of this changes the fact that DT is the PRES & now we need to do what's BEST for America. Talking about Russia isn't whats
4)The American people elected him NOT Russia, WE cast r votes & the election has 0 to do w Russia. Its just an obsession & u need to get...
And what happens when that line is crossed?
 Q
Senator, are there any Republican Senators who feel trump has crossed a line?
3)provable collusion is w Hillary & her camp. Y do u want to overlook that & make DT the focus w Russia. Its SO WRONG.  DT won fair & square
Can Congress preemptively protect Mueller's investigation by making him an Independent Counsel? Trump's abuse of power needs to be curbed.
Interesting question. Even if that were possible, it would never happen - not while the GOP's in power.
so far R's (graham & McCain) have been all talk and NO ACTION.  They pretend to be outraged and then support him at every turn.  
#ALLTALK
In McCain's defense he does have a little bit of other pressing matters going on right now...
yes, going forward absolutely he gets a pass.  He doesn't get a pass on the last 6 months.
Agree!
Impeach NOW!!!
2) them so much, what about us? We Americans want u to move on. There r better ways to spend ur time & r money on than THEM. The only ...
