VA: Sen. Warner doesn't have a position on Sen Trumpcare bill. Call his office now! (202) 224-2023 @indivisibleVA05 https://www.indivisibleguide.com/resource/stop-trumpcare-senate-call-script/ …
Thank you! He wants to kill us all! He doesn't give a rats ass about anyone that doesn't worship him.
So what are you doing to be part of the solution? It's easy to say "no" and obstruct.
Apparently @runkefer can't spot what a real position looks like, much like the other #MAGA sheeple out there. Way to go, Mr Senator!
No need to insult me. We are on the same team. I repeated information that was given to me on the phone
Apologies!! Just so used to the darts from the trolls, I throw swings. Need to reduce my caffeine 
Doesn't make up for your failure to condemn weapons sale to Saudi's even though you know they target civilians. Lost my vote.
I guess that's better than a Trash Mouth So-Called Woman thing of a Senator Gillibrand's "F*** No"
Thank you.
You're still a hero and truth seeker, Mr. Warner.
Thank you. We're counting on you!
yes let's do nothing as Obamacare fails you dishonest fraud
Thank you @MarkWarner
That is the kind of attitude that moves this country forward
Then u need to pay my premiums. Can't even take my kids to doc cause of the high deductibles & premium charges
Hey @MarkWarner, it's time to withhold consent on ALL Senate Biz & #SaveACA
#TheResistance #Indivisible #DemForce #Resist #RebelAlliance
Of course you are. You're a Democrat with no intentions to help REAL AMERICANS.
Yes, that's MY senator saying 'Hell No'!
Mark, honest???, look in the mirow every morning, what is your true agenda, honest with yourself....
@runkefer @indivisibleVA05 if you try a little harder you may garner 2% of the electoral vote in 2020!
Did Warner have any involvement with Russia maybe a business transaction
thank you! But can you commit to withholding consent on senate business until there is a public hearing?
Thank you for doing the right thing for Americans, and not the richest of the rich. We need politicians who CARE about us as well as U.S.
Because you're still a hypocrite and fraud
Your just a hell no to Trump period. Get out of the way Warner. Quit wasting our nations time
Thank you! Don't let them pass anything that will kick people off health insurance or price them out of it! Demand a hearing on this bill.
And that's another reason I'm proud you are my Senator. Thank you!
and we will say Hell No on you come next election

Thank you. Still very concerned about efforts by GOP to rush a bill through w/o a hearing. Too much at stake for this nonsense.
Hmmmm were you this concerned when the Dems pushed through the ACA? Pelosi's comment about having to pass it in order to read it?
The trolling doesn't stop! Get lost Troll! Bite me!
Thank You Kind Sir!!
Thank-you Senator!
You are a hell no on everything. Except all things anti Trump.
Why would we expect anything else ? Like you care about everyday Virginians  anyway. So out of touch
This Idahoan thanks you, Senator!
Please do all you can to avoid this secret bill from passing. This is outrageous even for republicans.
Thank you
Obamacare's imploding, ins companies leaving states/people uninsured-premiums through the roof. Can't blame Trump you own this disaster!

You don't listen! Typ Lib!
SO does that mean your still a HELL YES to the failing Obamacare? What are you doing to make #Trumpcare better beside complaining about it?
Sen Warner were counting on you as a no!
ur a HELL NO on anything trump, we get it., we got it! OBAMA LOST, get over it!
I'm still a HELL NO ON OBAMACARE Mr. Warner
but you never worried to fix the failing obamacare? What were you doing senator, you knew Obamacare would #Fail
Of course you are, you're a Dem, you only seem to care about destroying @POTUS, the man that Americans put in office
American citizens are still a "he'll no" on Obamacare. It's the citizens that matter, not u clowns in DC.
Warner continues to embarass Virginia with his verbal assaults on the President and the Attorney General. A sad time for the Commonwealth!
Because you do not want Trump and Americans to succeed. I have a feeling you will be voted out of office.
Thank you Senator Warner!
Thank you!!! And keep up the good work!
and we thank you!
@Mppennekamp valor in writing
Thank you from Prince William Co.
if the Reps push it through - block every piece of legislation and blame it on trumpcare! what's good for the goose can strangle the gander
please be strident and vocal to get your waffling colleagues on board - trump care will hurt millions of people!
Thank you, Senator Warner, for your diligent efforts on behalf of Virginians!
Good to hear. But what ACTION have you taken today other than this tweet to STOP #Wealthcare? Actions = louder than tweets. #ShowUsTheBill
Thanks. But we also need your leadership to force the GOP out of the shadows and make sure they can't shove #Trumpcare down our thrusts.
Work TOGETHER with the GOP for ALL Americans now. ACA is killing US.
@ActualEPAFacts Find some Republicans to join you!!
Time to #WithholdConsent & grind congress to a halt! #thisisnotnormal #ShowUsTheBill #noAHCA #saveACA #NoBackroomDeals
Please bring Senate business to a halt. Don't allow them to ram this horror through.
Thank you.

#NoHighRiskDeathPools!
Please use your massive stage to decry this secretive Senate bill. #ShowUsTheBill. We need dems to fight!
Thank you! Now can you and @SenateDems please grind business to a halt until Rs agree to public hearings on the bill?!
Do what you can to stop it!!!
Then you are a "hell yes" on Obamacare and it's perfect application in VA!  Thanks for reminding the voters why they need a new Senator
Senator Warner - the moderates need to assert themselves - run for the Presidency
Thank you! Will you commit to shutting down all non-Russia-related Senate business until the GOP agrees to open #Trumpcare hearings?
Good--no, GREAT to know. And I'll see your "hell no" and raise you a "hell yeah!"
Thank you, sir. What are we going to do to stop this monstrous thing?
Calling this poor excuse for health insurance Trump"care" is an insult to the millions who will be kicked off. Find a new term that fits.
Thank you, Sir!
Not good enough. You must withhold consent and filibuster
I like your way of thinking and speaking, Senator.
Thank you.
I'm a Hell No on voting for you.
Another solution provided by a leading democrat
 thank you @MarkWarner!
Thank you from Annandale.
But you're a "hell yes" on #Obamacare, which drove premiums and deductibles through the roof. Okay, central planner.
please refuse to consent to any Senate business at least until they agree to hold public hearings on the bill
Thank you for sticking to it, sir.
THANK YOU
This healthcare plan needs very smart ppl to make it the right coverage for as many ppl as possible. Rep can't do it alone. Accept it!
That's proof that you #StillHaveASoul 
Thank you sir.
I am sure all those you stuck with the ACA and now only have 1 option in Virginia are happy with your lack of concern.  #demJOKE
I like that!!  
Thank you for being awesome!!
#GeeksResist 
thank you! And what else are you going to do to stop it? Calling your office today to find out. @VanillaCrunched @smdalbrig

Thank you Senator, when are they going to show the bill? And can we stop it from passing? TrumpCare would be disastrous for my family.
Seems to me the Virginia Senator has a VERY clear position on #Trumpcare.
"Premiums have on average doubled, & in some cases, tripled, in the vast majority of states on the federal #Obamacare exchange" & U ignore.
Thank U thank U thank U thank U thank U thank U thank U thank U thank U thank U thank U thank U thank U thank U thank U Please don't change
Thank you, Senator!
Run for president!!
Thank God!
Thank you, Senator Warner!!
Me too
Thank you, sir, for your unequivocal answer.
Don't let the ship sink without a public & heroic fight. We're drowning out here and need heroes!
Thanks for saving me that call!
@runkefer @indivisibleVA05 Thank you Senator.
Thank you for your position on this important issue. Glad to have you as my Senator!
What are you doing to thwart the progression of said bill?
@Jen_Marden thank god
I have grown such respect for your skills in law and politics. Thanks so much. #IPledgeMyLoyality to you.
Thank you!
But do you have a position on unanimous consent??? What about you, @SenSherrodBrown??? We're paying attention!
Thank you for all of your hard work on our behalf, Senator Warner.
Not good enough to be against. @SenateDems need to shut down the Senate until regular order is restored. Hearings, Amendments, Debate.
But do you commit to withholding consent?
Thank you for fighting to save the lives of my family.
Thank you, @MarkWarner !!
Thank you, Senator 
Thank you Senator
Do you plan to give unanimous consent in senate business?
Knowing it was not going to last and now refuse to redo it. Way to help the people who need help. You make me sick.
Thanks, sir. Stand fast.
U & ObamaCare going down. U can't smoke screen yr way out of healthcare disaster u voted for. Even in NOVA voters know this. Yr time is over
thank you!
+1 for enthusiasm! Thank you for protecting our healthcare! Now, please convince your @GOP colleagues!  #ProtectOurCare
@MarkWarner  also please do obstruct senate ops if republicans don't allow their bill to be debated
Thank you, Sen. Warner.
So you probably have a great solution, what is it?
fillibuster! Slow this down so no vote before August recess.
Thank you, @MarkWarner
U democrats are set on Obama care or nothing. What's wrong with looking into other options?
Thank you!
You politicians amaze me u get paid all that money and get absolutely nothing done and that includes both parties
... Get some Republicans to see it your way.
Please keep referring to it as "Trumpcare", Senator. Make him *own* this disaster.
Mr warner instead of hell no why don't you work with republicans on a health care that works for everyone
I'm still calling...and calling.....
Thank you 
Yeah...well... convince some Republicans.
You & your colleagues among @SenateDems need to relentlessly obstruct to draw attention to secret HC bill. Legislation by stealth is wrong!
Please withhold consent. This is antidemocratic & unprecedented to not see the bill until the vote
Thank you!
Careful senator, lest your swearing offend the delicate sensibilities on Fox and Friends
eh, he's male. it's probably okay.
Thank you!!
Thank you, Senator.
Thank-you, sir.
Then what do you have for us.....well. Oh yeah just obstruct. Vote him out!
That sounds like a position to me.
Thank you!!!!
Thanks Hang in there & we'll support you
Thank you!
Thank you!!! 
Tried to call rwice today. Got dead line. Cmon Mark.
Thank you!
target dems in safe blue states for this
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Senator Warner
Thank you @SenatorWarner for your excellent service! Proud to have voted for you many times!
thankyou
Good. Now, #WITHHOLDCONSENT so it can never move.  @SenateGOP doesn't deserve respect if they don't respect us enough to #ShowUsTheBill.
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Warner!
Oh hell yeah! 
Thank you. Hope others share your desire to actually help people who need it.
Lovs it. Somebody isn't doing their job at indivisible
Thank you for standing against #Trumpcare
Thank you, Senator Warner!

Thank you!
Thank you for this strong statement! Keep fighting; your work is apprerciated.
Then a staffer in your office gave out incorrect information this afternoon. I was told you had no position on the proposed Senate bill.
So how about offering suggestions to fix the elements of Obamacare that are clearly not working
Thank you, sir.  -- A constituent
Thank you!!!!!
Thanks Senator Warner.
Grind the senate to a halt until this abomination has been defeated once and for all.
Senator, as a Virginian, I ask you to work with Republicans to create a bill that will benefit everyone, because what's there doesn't work
Thank you for this senator Warner
Senator, who is on the fence? Who should our first call be to?
Thank you!!!
Thank you! If this plan was any good at all, they wouldn't be hiding it. We deserve to see and discuss it before a vote!
Thank you! Can you talk some sense into my senators @SenatorTimScott & @LindseyGrahamSC since they don't listen to their constituents?
Thank you, @MarkWarner & withold all Senate business until public debate!
Thankful to be from a state where I don't have to spend every day calling my Senators!
Is that legal for the GOP to not even show you Trumpcare and then vote on it.  Seems insane!
Must be, I think that's pretty much how the current health care bill got pushed through in 2008.
Thanks Senator Warner
