PLEASE KEEP FIGHTING FOR US!!!!
Plus repeal of employer and individual mandate
Keep fighting for us, Senator Warner
THANK YOU, Mark Warner!!!! 
I thought it was 17 millions.
Thank you, Senator Warner, for being a strong voice to #ProtectOurCare. Stay strong and press on!  Lives as stake!
Buddy, I pay $10k per year and get no care. What do you pay? Ridiculous.
Funny
If it passes, no surprise. If it fails, the GOP senate will have declared war on the WH & Trump. Take cover!
Based on your record with SEN Corker ref housing, Fannie and Freddie,TBTF Wells Fargo, not sure I can trust you on anything.
Now, let's fix the ACA!
Not anymore.  it failed.
Save us from the Creepy Billionaires! I'm glad you are my Senator. Thank you!
When the public is no longer REQUIRED to buy something, that's called losing that something? Right...

Have you seen this @LaurenWern  @windmillcharger  @carlreiner  @robreiner
It is a shame what this government is trying to take everything from the American people. We all ready are living from paycheck to paycheck
Thanks for speaking out so often and helping get people informed and active
Thank you for your continued dedication to the both the people of VA and the USA.
is done- now go defend #DACA - no wall and no 53 aircraft carriers
Only mean Rs will call loss of health insurance by 16m people skinny.
It's expensive enough living here, please stand against this!
Thank you Senator Warner for trying so hard for our country! I am so proud to call myself a Democrat tonight!
Americans shouldnt have to choose what state to live in because their governor is a DICK! ! ! VOTE NO
The Republican Party, people....
Dems should have another sit in....
Hoping silver lining is that 1) Dems don't own it, the GOP does and 2) when it comes crashing down we can finally push for Single Payer!
agreed
The most infuriating part is their lies. The ACA is NOT RESPONSIBLE for premium hikes. Premiums increased 58% under Bush & 33% under Obama!
Why dont they just find a way to lower medical school debt? As long as they served a community with top grades provide reduced housing.
We should do a singlepayer system and reduce medical school debt. That would dramatically lower costs.
Ahhhh! Can I just say how refreshing your common sense is? Like a cool glass of cucumber water after a long hike lol
Not to mention the catastrophic impact this will have on HC sector jobs not all Docs & RNs but everyone connected right down to maintenance.
We are looking at an economic crisis once again under @GOP rule.
That's their m.o. They manufactured dotcom bust,housing/financial crisis&Bush Great recession cuz old $ billionaires HATE the American Dream
But you were ok with tripling premiums and restricting healthcare when you passed obamacare- you're a fraud and hypocrite

BS Warner
My premium went up 120% under the ACA so kiss my ass.
#JeffFlake and #SenJohnMcCain  WE the People keep score
Obama care destroyed health care. Explain that.
@StevenMWolfe3 and you voted for Obama  care your a hypocrite. You crushed the middle-class.
I'd LUV 2know how any1 of #GOP could possible trust #ryan,#McConnell any of them at this point #MUSTBENUTS
I'm disgustd with GOP saying people choose not have Ins.Not a choice if its unaffordable, unavail, doesn't cover whats needed.
Didn't they vote for this?
I hope not!!!!
Even striped Naked the BILL still contains measures 2Gift Terrorists of @VP Religious Cult CONTROL of Girls Vagina
Don't forget. We need tort reform! Crooked lawyers/politicians colluding to write laws punishing drs is morally irreprehensible!
20% increase next year hurts families across America with no benefit? Why? @GOP on ACA levels off at 12, just go to committee &work solution
They threatened TWICE that number losing healthcare, so they think we'll feel LUCKY if ONLY 16-23 MILLION lose their healthcare. #Evil
Americans live week2week. 16 mil by 2026 has got to seem unreal to them. 3.2 mil in two yrs is a little closer to home&may be more helpful
Does the weird term "Skinny Repeal" refer to people who may have to choose between enough food and getting medical care? Sheesh.  #VoteNo
They are going to kill us. @JohnBoozman @SenTomCotton They don't care. THEY DON'T CARE!
Call it Trumpcare!
And diabetics not being able to afford INSULIN as early as THIS COMING TUESDAY. THEY WILL DIE. GOP are passing #LegalGenocide
Now Ryan is saying he might pass this monstrosity that even insurers are telling them not to,and now the 3 stooges are saying may bcome law
All of twitter is aware, but thanks.
this is what @Scaramucci was distracting trump voters from. An increase in price gouging policies
20% premium hike, per year!
Amen senator! That little Italian Mafia man needs to be banned from America's Whitehouse along with 45!
Make your calls!
#Singlepayersystem
Which is a reduction of the 32 million already losing coverage and a reduced increase by over half due to heightened competition.
What is 'Beltway speak' for "'put your own sorry ass*s on Ocare, then tell us how great it is"?
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenDeanHeller @SenJohnMcCain Demand a return 2 the regular process & #bipartisanship. #VoteNo
Any repeal will hurt state economy. Ppl opting 4 minimal coverage will be 1 crisis away frm bankruptsy = Fewer w/ $$ to spend locally.
Why isn't @SenateGOP goal to INCREASE the number of AMERICANS who have health care coverage?   #SaveACA
Please keep fighting.  It's hard to tell if this is really happening.
U should've thought about that before you allowed Lobbyists Super-delegates to impose the sure loser candidate @HillaryClinton 
@SenSanders
Thank you @MarkWarner for fighting for all of us!!
Thank you for all your work, Senator!!
Keep fighting the good fight on all fronts!!  I know this is all insane, but thank you for keeping your wits about you and standing strong!
You can tell some bold face lies.
That is if they don't choose to buy health care.
The majority are worse off after OCare.
Saving ACA also means #NoLifetimeCaps #NoExclusions #EssentialBenefits The self-employed depend on ACA for our insurance! 

#SaveACA
@SenateGOP #skinnyrepeal will cause insurers to leave market & premiums to skyrocket. Isn't this the OPPOSITE of what you said you wanted?
True and with this vote everything will be on them they will own ACA as Trumpcare
Yep - Pottery Barn rules - you break it, you OWN it! #SkinnyRepeal @SenateGOP
Got email from employer saying that it's possible our coverage will end at end of the year because of this. If passed rates go up 32%
Who cares about "beltway speak?" The GOP is debating how many Americans to KILL by taking away their health care. For tax cuts for the rich.
But but but Republicans say their only goal is to bring premiums down! How can this be? #SkinnyRepeal
Enacting "The Tax Refund to the 1% Act" was never necessary (aka repeal/ replace).All that was needed was 2tweak the law. Everyone knew this
#AnorexicRepeal
Yes it is
"Party Politics" KILLING America... GOV Programs Make Economic SLAVES of the UNBORN... U CARE.??  IF SO, Give Up Your HCare  & Go On ACA..
You mean 16 million people's freedom to choose NOT TO BUY HEALTH INSURANCE will be reinstated. #SkinnyRepeal
thanks for fighting! GOP cares only about the super wealthy and what they can do for them. The working class is drowning under taxes & hc!
The anorexic solution.
From one of your grateful constituents -- Keep fighting for us Senator Warner -- we need your vote here, + yr efforts to persuade others
Constitutional crisis. I will NOT pay more for my health care. I WILL leave it to taxpayers to pay my bills.
Toe the line and stay on them Mark - we are counting on you!

#VirginiaProud
I liken it to a pile of Jenga blocks. Skinny repeal is Orwellian for removing the bottom blocks of the Affordable Care Act: it will collapse
Honestly, if I were @Bethenny -- I'd go after them for trademark infringement and also cynicism in how they are naming this joke of a "bill"
Choosing not to buy health insurance does not equal losing health care
#VoteNo #SkinnyRepeal we need FULL repeal. This is a tax we don't need.
Thank you, Senator!
It's also a way to let the ACA implode without saying overtly. No medical device tax means premiums go even higher. Ins. Co. Leave in droves
As one of your constituents, for the sake of millions of fellow Americans, NO REPEAL OF ANY SORT without simultaneous better replacement.
Think it is much much worse
#HealthCare & #Insurance are two different things. #JohnathanGruber said it right. Only #dumb voters believe in #ObamaCare. #2018Coming
What you get from one depends on what type of the other you have. Please enlighten me, oh wise one.
#BeltWaySpeak 16 million that will not take out insurance. Your #InsuranceLobbyist are spreading #DoomAndGloom over good insurance coverage
There is not 16000 Americans and what about the other88% of us??
Plus, it will be couple with House bill that takes away Medicaid!
Thank you @MarkWarner now we can #voteYES to you.
If you guys know this then vote no do what is right stand and stop being intimidated by Trump weak threats
10M on ACA, yet 16M will lose it. Common Core Math??? ACA doubled my premiums. Discuss that!!!
Do something Mr Warner
you need to keep telling Americans what Trump is doing that puts millions in peril.
I already can't afford to go to specialist for my feet and I'm covered through my job but those co-pays are difficult . Please vote"NO" !
How many do not care for insurance and only have it because of the law? Where do you get 20% figure?
Absolutely! Can you twist some arms on the other side. Who r they working 4? R they working for their GOP constituents, no, as they want it!
Bull...
Best thing the @GOP could do is REPEAL @SenateMajLdr @MikePenceVP @SpeakerRyan 
A good start to rebuilding the Party.
And those who are still by some miracle able to have insurance still won't be able to afford the deductible. But I bet the 1% taxes improve!
contact your Senators NOW.  contact email and phone numbers in the link:
https://www.senate.gov/general/contact_information/senators_cfm.cfm?OrderBy=state …
AMERICAN PEOPLE NEED A WORKING UNIVERSAL PUBLIC HEALTHCARE SYSTEM FOR ALL AND NEED TO TAKE UNIVERSAL RESPONSIBILITY TO FIRST BE HEALTHY.
It leaves the ACA intact, except for the small parts that make it economically possible to work.
Skinny is what u'll b when u give up food to pay for h/c. Cruel.
What do you call these rising premiums that have been going on since ACA has started
#TrumpCare = #TrumpDontCare
#SkinnyRepeal = #GOPDontCare
Stop it! You know darn well your statement is not true!
In first year
Yesterday's tweet said 32 million now we know for sure you're lying!
From one of your constituents, thanks for fighting for us.
30 million according to the BO
Keep up the fight! Republican leadership is not proposing solution - they had 7 years & did nothing but choke ACA #ShameOnReps
Thank you Senator Warner for everything you do. You're a warrior -so proud of you.
As opposed to the 300 million who lost it under #Obamacare with 300% increases? Better deal.
Lead. As in, lead us through this oligarchy, back to some semblance of a functioning republic.
Thank you, Senator Warner, for all your hard work in protecting Virginians and their healthcare.  (Also, please hurry efforts on Russia.Thx)
It's not losing it if an individual chooses not to buy it. Also, where did you get 20% price increase? Please show proof!
CBO:15 MILLION WOULD OPT OUT OF OBAMACARE IF THEY COULD!
If ACA mandate were to be repealed and Americans were no longer required
How can you HONESTLY represent Virginians in lying to ALL AMERICA! Sad day Mr. Warner!  #VoteWarnerOut
Are you and your family @MarkWarner covered by the ACA?
He is, but read this:
It's "skinny" in the same way that Jabba the Hutt was "skinny"
Or chump
Sad, You are selfishly lying!!  We The People in Virginia know! 2020 out of the question to represent us!  #VoteYes FOR Repeal O’Care!
That will definitely make a lot of people skinny-- but not the Fat Cats who will get the big tax cuts financed by health access cuts!
Kill the Bill #VoteNo for anything that repeals #ACA.  Improve ok. @dumptrump33 . What about #Benczkowski confirmation & ties to #Alfa bank?
Will you vote yes for the Medicare for all amendment?

2/2 to the doctors because they cough one damn time in a week
More accurately 16M not forced to buy ins they don't want and also not pay an IRS penalty. Why does the govt need to meddle in Ins. anyway?
I'm sorry but I completely agree with the repeal of health care. I don't want to pay for shit I don't need or people that go 1/2
You told us Obamacare would lower premiums. Were you mistaken, or were you lying? Either way, why should we believe you now?
Not sure public grasps how big 16mm ppl is - 46 states have populations lower than 16mm. New York pop is 17mm.
It'll be really bad for those of us who are self-employed. 

#SaveACA
Are you the CBO?
Thank you!
Any good sides, or are you just ignoring that? (That is also Beltway-speak to only report one side). Everyone's lost credibility.
U do mean in addition 2 the 150-200% premium hikes under Obamacare? Or 8 million choosing 2 pay the fine? Or 500% increased deductibles?
It's skinny repeal because we will ALL be skinny before it's over with,,,
Their excuse is that it won't be the final bill.

The House punted to the Senate and now the Senate wants to punt back to the House.
If the individual mandates would get repealed then there would have to be an expansion of Medicaid states and more secure regulations.
Your decision is a wise one at the moment but a tip; the mandates are unpopular but if repealed, there has to be new bipartisan amendments.
#SkinnyRepeal sounds like some disgusting McConnell policy terrorism to me, much like literally everything he tries to do, BAD 4 AMERICA
Low premium to waiting room. Get billed for rest. Then declare medical bankruptcy. But still pay premium.
