You have my full support Senator!
Thank you!  Every single Senator and Rep should put out this statement!
There isn't one GOP member who will officially question anything about @realDonaldTrump @POTUS or his administration.
A statement for you. All you trouble markers are eligible to be impeached just like the President. You are destroying the USA.
Thanks @MarkWarner for investigating the troubling ties between @WhiteHouse and Russia and Who Told Flynn To Call Russia.
there is No Way he did this on his own, did it on Trump's orders, we want the truth, now 3 of his admin resigned w/russia ties!
Thank you Senator Warner. Americans need to know the truth. Please pursue an investigation
@SenateDems @realDonaldTrump We demand full, independent investigation of Trump's relationshp/collusion w/RU NOW & NEW ELECTION
don't let the administration try to make this story go away with Flynn.  Thank you!
Thanks for speaking to @vicenews. Please reconsider running in 2020!
Demand the truth!
@scyeatts we demand an independent investigation now. Russians compromised our election w help from 45 aides. #impeachtrump
Warner is a loser bringing failed socialist agenda to Virginia.Thank God, can't do much damage with a Republican SS
Thank you, Senator Warner, for pledging to investigate this possibly treasonous situation.
Thank you for showing leadership on this important issue.
THANK YOU! Never give up fighting for the American people!
Yes, Senator, do not stop pushing for a full investigation into these very serious allegations. Our nation & Constit at risk!
Thank you.  This is the beginning of a larger story.   Please keep pressing.
the American people deserve to know what is going on with Russia & the President.
Thank You Senator
Independent investigators need to look into this treason.
Please quit unfairly supporting Big Pharma and let us LIVE, DAMMIT!
@THVotes Thank you!
Thank you! #resist
Thank you! Please keep pushing for this. The truth must prevail.
Virginia is counting on you to pursue this all the way!
Please, PLEASE continue to investigate! @MarkWarner
: We call on the Intel Cmte to investigate Mike Flynn & release transcripts of his call to Russian Ambassador; we want the truth.
thank you for taking action. This Virginia voter appreciates your work on this.
also, need investigation of financial ties to Russia from administration for risk of blackmail, leverage
Say, where's your statement about the Benghazi video, Hillary taking bribes from foreign countries, Obamacare, ISIS, IRS, etc
You're right. Now it's time for the indictments, now that we have a real AG.
Get over what? It's time for the next phase, criminal trials.
Putting people on trial for their crimes is one of the few legitimate govt expenditures.
thank you - and keep pushing for Trump-Russia investigation
we should investigate Hillary Clinton's email not just general Flynn.
It was a TRUST Issues So Sorry You as Well as the DEMOCRATIC Party Need to Move On Clinton She Already needs to Be Behind Bars
@scyeatts @NSAGov @CIA @NewYorkFBI release the transcripts NOW. WE the People have a right to know
Investigate. This isn't a game and the administration needs to be reminded of that.
Keep pushing for a complete investigation - we are with you - we are strong - we will RESIST!
need to protect analysts from pressure for certain outcomes to investigations, ways to report concerns to your committee.
Fight for an Independent investigation Senator
Please Senator @MarkWarner , please keep on them about this. Our country's security is at risk.
Investigate @POTUS and @VP. They both knew what took place and gave order to make the call. Stop saying Flynn alone lied.
AGREED
How about connections between Clinton campaign and Saudi Arabia.
this is part of the reason the people of VA have elected you three times, the courage of your convictions. Thank you, Senator.
This is not at all a partisan issue. This is preservation of all American government. Thank you for continuing to investigate.
Thank you. Many people left, right, and moderate, feel the same way.
So why did HRC lose?  D/FBI?  Russia?  Recounts needed?
How about doing some actual work for middle class?  A little more time working and less time whining would be appreciated.
thank you for your leadership.
now where is the rest of the investigation into Russian meddling during the election?????????
Thank you Senator.   We need a complete and thorough investigation.  I am sure there is much more to uncover.
Thank you for investigating. These are valid and deeply troubling concerns.  The admins propensity to lie cannot be overlooked.
National security has never been a concern of yours until now.  Hypocrisy on full display.
We need to get SenBurr, JohnCornyn off this committee. They are Trump loyalists. This needs to be more impartial. This runs deep
please fight for the truth
@johncornyn @RoyBlunt @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorBurr Thank you for leading the call to investigate Trump/Russia connections!
Great... what are your intended actions?
I agree with you! I wish you the best with the investigation. There are plenty of us out here supporting you!
Thank you for standing up and speaking out! Please investigate. This is troubling!
yay!  investigate 
please work to get to the who knew what and when. & the trump resort is not the place to discuss National Security
Thank you! On behalf of many Americans, please pursue this. If the WH has nothing to hide, then great. And if it does, [1/2]
then we deserve to know and the public servants who deceived will be held accountable. #democracy
Your statement is exactly what I expect of you. Thanks.
great job!
Where's the investigation? Tweets are not action. Trump-Russia needs to be investigated fully.
Thank you. This is vital to our security.
Yay-they will continue to investigate! Thanks and good work!! @MarkWarner
Thank u, thank u, thank u!!!  Glad someone is looking out for our country!!
please investigate this administration! #Trump #Bannon #Pence
but yet you sat idly by while Obama made a deal with terrorists Iran? Really? Time to stop playing party politics
thank you Senator
Please continue to push for more investigation and transparency. All of us deserve the truth. Thank you for your work!!
TY. When can American public expect findings from intel comm'ee &/or FBI?
@timkaine  @GerryConnolly keep calling for a full investigation! This constituent demands it
Flynn didn't break law only trust! Where were you when 7 (D) committed treason?
Please investigate this. We need to know what Russia has been up to.
I think Trump and Pence knew about it,I think Pence lied on the talk shows he has covered up before!! I smell more dead RATS!!!
hope Flynn will be called up to answer under oath if Trump knew before hand and after he spoke with Russia. Did Pence lie to us?
if this was a warning 3 months before the election that was Obama Trump our president he came in office in January your point
Thank you, Senator Warner!
could you remind me of the statement you made for/against the Drone Campaign and enlighten me on the US. Code that governs it?
This would be a respectable statement if not clearly politically motivated.
Please don't allow Flynn's delayed resignation and the admin. possible dealings w/Russia to not be investigated. -VA constituent
Intel committee definitely needs to continue investigation of Flynn and entire Russian hacking activity and who helped
I never saw u produce a statement when Susan Rice went on TV saying Benghazi was from a video.Why not? Obama's muzzle? Hypocrite
@MeatballMom2 Thanks Senator! Give it hell from the Commonwealth. We must protect our nation's rule of law!
connect the Dots! Should pay attention to @MalcolmNance he called this months months ago! All WH in on this! Investigate DT!
Thanks for looking out for us. The majority of the senate doesn't seem to care.
The actions of the administration demand a full investigation, thank you Senator.
Thank you.
thank you! We can't let up on this!
thank you!
Thank you Senator. We, the people of Virginia, want this matter investigated to its fullest measure.
Please follow the trail! America deserves the truth!
@womensmarch We will get the word out to ensure your Republican counterparts engage.
Thank you Senator Warner. Please push for an investigation!
What did he know and when did he know it? Its time for an investigation. #LockHimUp
INVESTIGATE DJTs level of involvement.  I'd say he knew.
Thank you! This exactly!
Please call for a full investigation.  Your constituents support and thank you.#Flynn
thank you from this VA voter @RepComstock @timkaine
Seconded.
Agreed! Who in Trump circle told Flynn to contact Russian Amb. & message to be delivered? Was it Trump? Bannon? Others?
We must have a full and public investigation into who knew what and when.
this is great! need to investigate #Trumprussia ties. This is the bigger fish. (I'm still unsure why you voted yes to tillerson)
Yes, it is urgent. Please keep pressing for this info on @POTUS and his ties to Russia.
.@MarkWarner force the battle all the way to the WH it took 2 yrs to take dwn #TrickyDicky after Watergate do not give up the fight #Resist
