We still don't know the truth about the uranium deal Hillary cut with the Russians for Clinton Foundation donations
But we know that russia interfered in the 2016 election because Putin was afraid of Hillary. And Putin knows trump is a puss.
The only person who fears Hillary is the schlub who forgot to buy her Jack Daniels.  #MAGA
The answer should have been Donnie Jr can prove it:)))
Senator, Trump & Co create ethical chaos 24/7.
There aren't enough committees & manpower in DC to investigate & shovel the piles of .
HELP!
Maybe it is time for an independent commission?
It's time, Senator. Read POTUS Tweets this a.m. The longer we stay in this game, the greater the victory for Putin. The Puppet must go.
You really need to step it up on the investigation. Jr, Ivanka and Eric should've already been interviewed. They all took part in the camp
The COMPLICITY of the Senate and the House needs to end NOW. DO YOUR JOB! PROTECT OUR DEMOCRACY!
Mark, not 1 tweet about Comey memos? Not a story? Maybe his memos don't exist? It's been 2 weeks since this article!
Hold your ground against BOTH these cyber bullies! Americans need your protection.
13 investigations, now down to three, and yet NO ONE HAS FOUND ANY EVIDENCE Mark!! The business of the United States suffers at this crap!!
I don't believe for one minute that he even brought up the hacking of our election
Thx for stating clearly which prior to djt would have been an obvious & thus unnecessary counterpoint.  Painfully ridiculous.
and poor Former President Obama feels useless so he runs after @potus schedule trying to look like he's relevant. Shameful.
did you question ovomit/satan when he said on an open mic,to Russian Dimitri Medvedev.wait till after the election,i,will  be more flexible
@SenatorBurr 
 Collusion
<Placeholder> This is Emin Agalarov, son of Aras Agalarov, Russian realty tycoon who hosted Trumps Miss Univ, Moscow 2013. Note tweet date. 
#Gone2018
You need to condemn Trump & Putin's attack on Journalist Their joke was an insult to our first amendment
IMPEACH THIS MAN NOW @realDonaldTrump!!! DO YOU WANT YOUR GRAND KIDS TO GROWN UP AND HAVE A LIFE.. NOT STOLEN BY RUSSIA!!! ITS HAPPENING NOW
Trump is brazenly transparent, too, to point of being naive, stupid, narcissistic or just used to getting his way. Fans r wishful thinkers.
Remind Don Jr how an American is supposed 2 call FBI if foreign agent tries 2 discuss election. Then lock him up!
I would not believe ANYTHING that comes out of any Trump's mouth. If their lips are moving they're lying...all of them...period!
What do you know?  You weren't there.  No need to comment.
Tell your colleagues Tougher Sanctions on Russia.
Oh please Trump undermines you everytime he puts his feet down getting out of his bed! Everything that have put in place mean nothing now!
Why didn't you stop the sale of weapons to Saudi Arabia to be used against innocent people in Yemen? #PrimaryIn2020
Report: Hillary Clinton’s Campaign Mgr John Podesta Sat on Board of Company that Bagged $35 Million from Putin-Connected Russian Govt Fund!!
It's a lie! Get over it.
What happened with this?
What about US interference in Ukraine and Israeli elections? Does that not matter?
Senator Warner, I am counting on u 2 stop trump! And stop Ivanka, too! She has no business sitting @ the leadership table @G20 summit.
I feel trump should be Impeached as soon as possible.He has fear of Putin & does not want Putin to expose his connecting with Russia.
Thank you Sen Warner for standing with Americans to protect our freedom, and fight against this treasonous Admin.
Is this the view of the Republicans in Congress?
Ivanka who had 2 year course on hotel management is sitting at G20 this morning, no 45. Nullify the election. Treason committed. ENUF
Thank you, Senator Warner. I have not always seen eye to eye with you but I feel confident in the job you are doing investigating this.
Hold his feet to the frying pan.
Proud to have you as our Senator fighting for Democracy. Thank you.
I'm sure you'll invite entire Obama admin to testify in front of the committee to layout what was done about the Russian interference.
Thank you sir! You are a Patriot!
Democrap hypocrite
The Russian foreign ministry says @POTUS & @PutinRF_Eng have talked on the phone, several times, did u know? http://en.kremlin.ru/catalog/keywords/82/events/55006 …
I hope this is something positive. Not putting down our president. This country has to come together
I am hoping that you will be able to prevent this so called joint cybersecurity with Russia as well. Trump is up to no good.
Thank you.  Please don't let Trump give back the compounds here in the US either.
SenWarner, I'm more worried about the direction of our gov't than I've ever been in my life. POTUS is a serious danger to the ppl of America
You're Hilarious
I'm still waiting to see the proof just because someone says it happened,  doesn't mean it's so.
Fair enough Mr. Warner....what did the Obama admin do to stop it when it was happening?
Thank you for making America safe again!
Keep fighting and investigating.  We stand with you. #factsmatter #TrumpRussia


Thank you !! He only cares for his money !! But Ryan thinks that is ok because he is new !! Russia must pay biggly for what they did period!
Thank you senator.
Spot On
You have pushed this story til you believe it. All the bs dems are pushing makes me sick. Get back to work for the people
#WarnerForPresident2020
NEVER warnet needs to admit millions he has made in russia and also money made from insurance companys
Obama could have prevented Russian meddling in August but chose not to. Now Podesta refuses to turn server over to FBI.
I got news pal, the whole country wants proof, something nobody seems to want to provide. Proof of what?
Hurry Mueller someone help us
He is a traitor and should be removed from office
Only Jesus can save us
PLEASE DO SOMETHING NOW @MarkWarner - I don't want to live in an authoritarian dictatorship do you? You need to *ACT* before it's too late.
Investigating and such is all fine and good, but while you're doing that, this admin is SELLING OUT THE US lock, stock and barrel.
We need *ACTION* now, not more delay while you investigate. We can't tolerate more attacks on the first amendment free press rights or
undermining of other US institutions. We *CAN'T* have the president inviting Russia in to 'consult' on our cyber/intelligence capabilities.
We need you to hobble @potus immediately so he doesn't cause more harm WHILE the investigations are ongoing. He can not be allowed free rein
to do whatever his delusional mind dictates regardless of the consequences to the American people. So fine, go ahead with your investigation
but please don't abandon the people while you do it. We need immediate, *TANGIBLE* action from Congress *NOW* limiting Russia's access to
and power over US institutions, systems and infrastructure. We want a *PLAN* as to how you will stop any future interference in elections.
I think you may need to turn up the dial on your outrage just a bit
@MarkWarner it is obvious trump is owned and operated by Putin I implore u & ur committee 2 stop the insanity of this administration #please
The speevh,speevh outcome of private 2 hr meeting was a slap in the face, gut wrenching kicked to the curb of the IC, US infront of the 
Again, thank you for your patriotism and all of your hard work!   We will never forget it, Sen. Warner.   Truly.
WHO WILL SAVE US FROM TRAITOR TRUMP!!?!?! WHO WILL STOP PUTIN!??!?

Great statement! VA 8th Landinis
Thanku..could u believe trump consented to a joint cyber security commission with Putin..totally incompetent
You are unreasonable.  You can't acknowledge when president crazy did what he was supposed to do today.  Go away
Maybe the proof should have been shown to Trump and Tillerson to show Putin during todays meeting so his denial could be challenged as BS. ?
Ty but America needs help fast..just saying
It would have been a stronger message if Pres. Obama would have done something
Used to vote for this guy because i thought he was bi-partisan and a different type of politician.  I was obviously wrong. Never again.
You are FAKE!
Thank you for doing your part and reporting back to us sir.
Sir, while concentrating on disrespect for @POTUS might you please take a little time to actually accomplish something in the investigation?
Weak Mark.  Do better.
Putin owns him. Sad. And. Frightening.
Where were you last year when this was happening?  Oh I know, yucking it up with Kaine and Hillary when you thought they were winners!
Nice words @MarkWarner @ma, as a Wythe County native, I implore you and Congress to act soon
Sir, can't tell if the outrage or the fear is driving this message, but please help us.  This is beyond belief.
The calm but unequivocal voice of reason--thank you, Senator!
Thank you
You should resign
It's called flexibility @MarkWarner Go back to 2012 & figure out what giving the Russians flexibility & that's what Trump is doing.
Amen!
Many thanks!
Perhaps we should just hand Putin the US on a platter. Go ahead and let us know when someone decides if that's ok.
Wht precautions are in place to secure American people safety frm Russia FULLY infiltrating OUR society? #Weak45 #ToxicTrump is poisonous!
Thank you Senator Warren. America looks forward to your proceeding with the Counter Terrorism Investigation. DT & Kushner. @Michael36776349
Yea Then when done look at yourself, Clintons Comey and Top Intelligence Directors-all 17? Of them
What about the continued Russian hacking, like on our nuclear power plants? Our next elections? 
https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2017-07-07/russians-are-said-to-be-suspects-in-hacks-involving-nuclear-site …
Thank you Mr. Warner for your courage, conviction and commitment to protecting the US and it's citizens.
It's time you guys presented the evidence. Constantly whining does not make it true.
It is true. They have the evidence.
Like he said.  Prove it.
Make it so.

Tell it brother Mark.  Save us and save the US.
Although Tillerson didn't mention them, can't believe Putin didn't bring up current sanctions.
Senator Warner Trump's handing over of America to Putin is an outrage!
Mark: Save Healthcare
Laughable.  Warner destroyed healthcare for millions of Americans.
#BillClinton 1994 dealmaking with #NorthKorea leader's father started a process that led to #ICBM capabilities.
Jesus Christ, why not go back to Grover Cleveland. So stupidly idiotic.
