Bulls$$t Mark!!
I watched the whole thing. What a sham. You know Trump is duly elected Praying you are gone as soon as possible

Okay Miss Resist.  The eggs are starting to fly into your face.  Get out while you can.  You knew it was BS.
Declassified version of the US intelligence community's report on Russian activities & elections in the Nov election https://www.dni.gov/files/documents/ICA_2017_01.pdf …
No collusion.
"and if it's what you say i love it especially later in the summer"
More BS.  Why are you putting your critical thinking in the freezer.  Run from the leftists.
You can’t verify the Steele dossier? Do u think we’ve forgotten about traitor @DevinNunes who sent staffers to UK?
BTW, the traitor deleted/closed his official twitter account @Rep_DevinNunes. I hope that account is archived.
Lest we forget 

#gopCorruption = #tRumpRussia = #tRumpTreason = #gopObstruction
Just sayin’…

Don’t. Trust. You.
So why did you lie?
Why are you a liar?
Because of your mentor, tRump?
BREAKING: Associate of Steele tells #Maddow that Steele said yes to Senate Intel meeting request. 
In conclusion, it might be good to know
who commissioned the dossier BUT
we don’t NEED to know. 1/2
We only NEED TO KNOW the confirmable TRUE PARTS.
So do your job, which doesn’t involve protecting tRump
OR any part of “lock her up”. 2/2

You need to come out and state no findings.  You have breathlessly said there was something.  Come clean and stop embarrassing your state.
Got NUTTIN!! Y’all r Beyond Sad!!
Stop wasting taxpayer money! There's more important things to get done. Voting REPUBLICAN in VA because of your nonsense.#MAGA
Won't stop till Donny's in prison and in penury.
How about for those of us who cancelled our FB accts after the election interference? How can we watch?
I'm hoping he puts it on Twitter.
WHAT THE HELL? Why did you go along with the farce of a presser when CS is willing to meet? Get Trump out before he kills us all!!!
Self gratuitous BS ! Facebook ads were pro Trump. Twitter is out of control. Collusion? It’s called Treason ! #TrumpRussia
It appears Senator Warner stood by as Senator Burr implied that Mr Steel refused to cooperate.Is this a hmmm moment?Should we be concerned?
Now would be a real good time to address the @Maddow scoop directly contradicting your statement regarding Steele.
Still nothing huh? Can't wait to vote u and Burr out in your primaries or when u r up 4 reelection. We r not stupid. U will see swampdweller
Why did Burr lie and say you couldn't get Steele to meet with you???
I don't facebk. Didn't B4, not planning 2 now. Mark Zuckerberg went 2 Moscow, met w/Dmitry Medvedev in 2012. Plz put update on Twitter. Thx
How much extra money are you guys getting for this BS, put an end to the Witch Hunt. There are over 100 bills that need to be read & passed
Russian Dossier is the known Russia collusion. PERIOD.
Senator Warner, you are a fool.
Washington Leaks like a Sieve!! America knows there was no Collusion and y’all do too b/c y’all would Leak it to b HERO!
You've had all this time-have nothing to show collusion & want to  continue to spend taxpayer money on a witch hunt. How STUPID
An I am sure it will be full of innuendo and bull shit
On Facebook? Really?
Will be on TV
I know.  Was just a j
I just know they're g ay you see the way Senator Burr looks at Mark Warner. Warner is the top and burr is the bottom
Don’t care
The 2 of you have done a beautiful job showing respectful, bipartisan leadership in this time of intentional splitting of the two. Thank you
Time wastd. Nothing new. Disappointing
Mark, you'll find 'evidence' of Trump's collusion right next to those WMDs that Hillary's Russian Uranium Mule #Mueller also swore existed!
Great to hear more confirmation of no collusion with Trump!
You're doing a good job. Keep at it.
Thank you for seeking the Truth
You laughed when you heard Trump was going to run. We will see who laughs last. I am a registered Va voter and will NOT be voting for you.
Senate Intel will keep probing, & looking for Russian collusion.
Evidence found so far:
Zip
Zilch
Nada
Zero
It's a BS Waste of &!
#MAGA
Add this to your Russia investigation:
Russia smusha, didn't have no Russian holding my hand when I voted against u totalitarian Democrats
Don't bother.  Russians didn't influence my vote.
In future, people who do not/no longer have Facebook accounts need a non-Facebook video link. Thank you.
I find ur timing impeccable 2 talk on russia,Prez left 4 Las Vegas & the kids start running the halls.who runs u guys & lines ur pockets
What a complete embarrassment!! Nutjob!!!
You and your committee are nothing more than dunce puppets for the Soros-Clinton-Obama Corruption Syndicate. Stop this Witch hunt  now.
Good job Mark
Was disappointed in Burr’s blatant denial that Russia wasn’t helping Trump’s campaign we all know that bullshit
Mark has no proof of anything cause there is none.Can’t find nothing when it was a made up narrative to begin with
Collusion was Proven in Don Jr. E Mails
Obstruction by President Trump twice seen & heard by us
Russia helped Trump GOP knows this
so do we
Lol awww
Funny if Hillary had won Mr Warner there would be no investigation and you know it.These committees are a disgrace waste of taxpayers money
WHY Mark? You still haven't come clean about YOUR little multimillion$$$$$$ deal with the RUSSIAN tech company....Mark?.....Mark?....Mark?
You are correct he made over six million dollars
Why is Senator Burr sweating and you are calm and relaxed?
I watched and I DO NOT TRUST BURR.
Mr. Warner, please have our backs with truth & transparency. We are counting on your integrity. Thank you
Truth is there is nothing and never was
There absolutely is and that's what they both said at press conference.
#Putinbot
lol wake up mark is full of shit.Its only because Hillary lost
#Putinbot
Lol everyone is a bot to an idiot like you
Warner stupid as usual, Burr sweating like a whore in church
What scares me more than your Russia BS?
DEAD & ILLEGAL ALIEN DEMOCRAT VOTERS
Amer ppl not buying your stuff about the Dossier. You could get that info if U wanted to. U just don't want to incriminate certain players.
I Want FBI, Clinton emails, DWS and IT from Pakistan, fake dossier investigations .  We the people don't trust Mueller or FBI or DOJ!
libs are the true criminals and you doors know it & You can't #TRUMP THAT!
New #MAGA Video
IMO British Intel is likely guarding Steele; probably WAS interviewed by Mueller; and being a material witness he's being protected. Relax
Who posted all the lies about Trump mocking disabled people, which was disproved? Hillary Clinton even put that lie in a commercial.
Resign.   Start helping Americans.  Tax cuts, healthcare, national debt,
Sew "chaos and division"? Mission complete. Warner a willing dupe of Russia. This is not the government we voted for!.
Lies all over Facebook & Twitter today from major news sources about Rex Tillerson wanting to resign.  Why only interested in Russia lies?
None of you "intel" retards find anything wrong with CLINTON, CLINTON foundation with russia ties???
Really????
Warner is a waste
#collusion
Why does it matter how long or hard this was worked on? I work hard too but praise comes with success- you need an 'A' for effort?
No Warner gets an A for Asshole
If i wasted this much time and money i would be fired!
Appreciate the hard work that you all have put into this, and I want it right but PLEASE HURRY! Our country needs help!
All this did is tell us how much time & tax money is taken away from other important matters. If its not there by now...! Same w/Meuller.

AMERICANS WANT HEALTHCARE, TAX REFORM, SAFE BORDERS, KEEPING AMERICANS SAFE NOT THE SHIT U ARE CHASING. RUSSIA HAS TRIED TO MEDDLE 4 YRS
Warner called out @FoxNews. Blatantly biased. Lost all/any respect left for him. Will remember "both" of them at elec time. @SandraSmithFox
To afraid to reveal mccain as the dossier dirtbag who used taxpayer $$ for garbage...the swamp covers for the swamp
Mark is a democrat so he won’t do nothing because democrats are above the law
ISN'T ENOUGH ENOUGH? ALMOST A YEAR SINCE AMERICANS VOTED. LET PRESIDENT WHO WAS ELECTED DO HIS JOB WITHOUT BIRDS JABBING AT HIM DAILY!
..try interviewing the president ..'obstruction of justice'
Try interviewing Loretta Lynch and James Comey that was collusion and obstruction
what about ICU ?
@MarkWarner SUPPORTS CENSORSHIP. SAYS WE'RE TOO STUPID TO DECIDE FOR OURSELVES WHAT WE SHOULD OR SHOULDN'T SEE & SHOULD OR SHOULDN'T BELIEVE
Termendous waste of time and money. Classic #witchhunt

GET OVER THAT HILLARY LOST. YOU ARE SPENDING TAX DOLLARS ON CHASING RUSSIA. TRUMP DID NOT DO THIS GIVE THE MAN SOME PEACE!!
@1776BetsyRoss @MarkWarner @SenatorBurr dim bulbs both for even continuing their farcical "investigation"
You don't have a damn thing.
And, you'll waste your time and our $$$
for months to 'resist'.

Shameful BS.
please do your job - please don't become one of them
Trending story, lie about Trump owning golf course in PR.  Going to stop it?
Only dumb libs go 2 social media platforms like FB as news sources. If u do as well, u should be voted out. Hilary outspent Russian FB ads
Wasteful useless Senators. Pure garbage evil losers. They have ruined our country and lost any credibility.
There is only one truth-teller in the entire USA. Guess who.
Such hypocrites!!! USA spies on friends & enemies.
How about you update us on all your GOP votes?
Atleast 11 counties in Cali have confirmed voter fraud
Obama admin accused of using dead people and illegals to vote.
You dems have nothing that matters.
Why not address how many foreign elections the USA has tried to influence???
250 hours that could have been spent on health care and tax reform.  Russians continue to succeed in underming our government.
I'm sorry, but you said you're from NC? The ethics of NC Republicans is a joke, and might be where future Repubs train.
we continue to look into #collusion No initial findings discussed #trumptaxes HOPE YOU MENTION #senateintelligencecommittee #bipartisan 
hope you mention @realDonaldTrump #taxes #senateintelligencecommittee
WHEN THE 2 OF YOU STAND TOGETHER SO MUCH CREDIBILITY! #TrumpRussiaInvestigation THANK YOU! #Bipartisanship #TRUTHTOpower
250 hours that could have been spent on health care and tax reform.  Russians continue to succeed in underming our government.
THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I don't think you're gonna enjoy the result  #CrookedHillary
Sen Burr at least gave link to C-Span broadcast. Not FSbook lolz!
Watch Senate Intelligence Committee's Press Conference today at 12:15pm on @CSPAN here: https://www.c-span.org/video/?435050-1/senators-burr-warner-hold-news-conference-russia-probe …
There are many many more real issues facing this nation 2 #MAGA. Russian meddling of our election is not one of them, so don't waste time
250 hours that could have been spent on health care and tax reform.  Russians continue to succeed in underming our government.
That’s because people like mark Warner  are corrupt
What have you done for Texas, Florida Puerto Rico and Las Vegas?
I hope it good news!!! #25the45
Please tell me @cspan will be broadcasting it too... some don't use fb
thx...
Please please please don't allow Burr to kill the investigation.
I think you already knew the truth deep down :)
If Russia did this, it’s an example of Obama’s incompetent lazy work ethic & feckless administration. It happened during his Presidency.
Whole GOP going to jail?
Hey, Mr. Warner, might not wanna be sending out facebook links. They're still pushing Kapersky "anti-virus," and are an enemy of the state.
So is he
Why on FB? Why not on national TV?
We'll be watching, Mark.
Every member of congress having taken money laundered or otherwise from foreign govs should be expelled from congress and senate.
Again no pressure but we are counting on you two a hell of a lot.
I hope that you will address how you are handling Jared Kushner's obvious attempts at obfuscation.  It's an insult to your committee.
Already ate so you can keep your nothing .
Hurrah! Looking forward to it Mark x
No one will watch.  Just write a press release
The witch is twitching 
Ummmmmmm
Hide!
