JUST IN: Putin says Russia can provide Congress transcript of talks between Trump and Russia Foreign Minister Lavrov http://cnn.it/2qr739w 
Demand an independent prosecutor!
I know, can u believe they secretly taped inside the Oval Office???  OMG somebody stop this madman
Have you heard it? Why do you instantly believe it to be true. Why not wait for actual recording?
So U doubt Putin???
You don't???
U know we have sanctions against Russia so No, I want nothing from Putin... as it should b.. unlike trump who brings these folks into the WH
We have to talk to them. We need to get some things done together. Trump is president-complicated job.
When all IC's says Russia is  bad and are not to be trusted. Then Russia invades countries killing innocent people they cannot b our friends
Only saying that inviting adversaries into WH is sometimes necessary.And we do share intelligence.Must
My family is so grateful for your honest defending of our democracy. Thank you to all who put integrity above all else.
Yeah, we trust MSM CNN for sure...
You are more of a threat than Putin
He's just reminding us who's in charge in the WH @TheDemocrats
When did we get here? Did I wake up in the twilight zone? Russia telling us what happening in the Oval Office? Excuse my language but wtf?
Sir, don't forget Prez called Chaffetz into Oval & said: No investigations. To which Chaffetz replied: Okay. So asking Comey was not new.
Please knock it off, Your Excellency. You know better.
Wouldn't that indicate they recorded? Geez, in the Oval Office no less.
Why would you just accept it as fact? Now? Do you have any experience with news changing over time? Frustrating.
Whatever could you mean,Senator?Of course Putin is just trying to help his friend @potus. (ha) #mothersagainstcrazypotus
Senator you need to respect the election results....show evidence not anonymous sources. Respect democracy with FACTS not hearsay.
Who else is undermining? Richard Burr is Devin Nunes in a nicer suit.He must recuse as no thinking person can have faith in his ability here
Thank you for standing up for democracy!
Putin is terribly dangerous and we need to kick trump out of office for kissing up to him.
You are doing a lot to undermine our democracy too. How about some problem-solving legislation instead of investigations?
Everything must proceed carefully. Haste makes waste.
Putin has been acting like he's n charge here.
Just breath taking mind blowing unbelievable..
Embarrassing and Insulting. Putin's campaign to worm his way into our democracy. Hearts and minds campaign!
We don't have to worry about Putin , we just need to be concerned about people like you and your comrades.
future historians: Please record the fact that good people put a stop to this assault on our Democracy. Enough. Convict him now
Now we know there are bugs in the office. He is having a great time with all this and his ability to take down American democracy.
Please keep working on the Trump/Russia investigation until all the facts are known. You're doing a great job! #PersistInsist
Actually he's just proving the democrats are known liars world wide!  Sad when the world hates you Dems more than you hate @PONTUS!
It's so neighborly of Putin?
If you have proof of this alleged collaboration, STATE WHAT IT IS. Otherwise, I'd start prepping for reelection. Yours isn't looking well.
So again today , instead of continuing to let senate intel committee do their jobs & senate intel, Cummings and shift day not good enough
Are you just doing this to stay relevant? To stay in the cool kids club? Shit. Or get off the pot. We are tired of hearing about it.
MW, you are so embarrassing to me as a Virginian. 10 months you have spewed this madness. Not a shred of proof. Nothing. Shame on you.
It was a Subtle Threat to Trump, to stick to the plan!! #kremlingate #russiagate 
Just in, Russian leader Brezhnev says he can provide helpful transcript for Nixon's missing minutes.
Someday soon I hope our Congress will work for the American people
Mark, I am surprised that either side can make transcripts of such meetings?
BIG GVT Dems, like Warner, are more politically aligned with Putin than American voters. 'The Senator doth protest too much, methinks.'
Everyone needs a friendship like Trump and Putin.
Glad you know it. Others won't. Will believe Russia over our Intel.
& people would believe the Russian transcripts haven't been tampered with  & Now Putin has them? This corruption is astonishing GOP it's 
You're a disgrace. Will never make the mistake of voting for you ever again!
We know!  Impeachment NOW!
Unbelievable.
And can probably provide transcripts to every conversation after that "little visit!"
It's just another way for Putin to stir the pot. He isn't trying to say @realDonaldTrump is innocent- he is trying to prove his power in US
When Russia wants to help prove our president is innocent - I'm  thinking it's so damn messed up that they are even involving themselves
Surely no one is falling for that one.  Don't trust Russia.
Yeah, we'll believe what Putin tells us... who does he think we are?  Trump?
After the Russian meeting in the Oval Office, I wouldn't be surprised if Putin can now give daily transcripts.
It sounds like he is just getting started, Mark. What is our comprehensive plan to defend our nation against this Russian aggression?
The Ultimate Ruler of Misinformation offers a transcript.
@SarahTheNasty 
Russia still getting involved!
Um. Yeah. We should most definitely not be accepting those, I don't care what they say.
TY @MarkWarner for all you are doing for our country.  Stay strong.
Please DO SOMETHING!
Just make certain the rest of Congress doesn't fall for it. Seems Rep. Loudermilk says Comey memos are hearsay.
@CNN anyone who will believe anything Putin provides is living under a rock
I'm confused. You want the transcript, right? Or don't you?

So disheartening to see how far we have fallen as a Country under this buffoon and his enabling @GOP.
And how quick everyone convicts him without actual evidence. Stand down. Wait. Stop jumping- circumstantial.
"The 1980's called. They want their foreign policy back"
Dems use Russia like a tool. It's use depends on political gain only.
Hypocrites.
Demand a Special Prosecutor and Independent Investigation & shut down govt until that happens. #trumprussia
@CNN  If the US takes Putin's transcript as truth - omg!!
Putin offers Congress Russian Transcripts which will be edited or fabricated to substantiate Putin & Trump approved narrative.
@NPR Who is the real threat to world peace?
C'mon Mark... stop towing the party line and act responsibly and represent the American Citizen.  Please support America First agenda
How much peripheral evidence of Russian/Trump relationship needs to be exposed? They are not even sneaky anymore
Please @MarkWarner enough is enough...he is putting us all in danger..no "special commission", "scheduling of witnesses"...IMPEACH NOW!!
@realDonaldTrump since The Donald only allowed Russians (pols and press) to the meeting, he can say what he wants with no checks/balances
Well they were in the room
Why do Putin and Trump think this helps?
No surprises.  He is happy to undermine Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump.  It's about the USA more than a person.
UN-FREAKING-BELIEVABLE SMH this is madness
@CNN Senator, you need to remove his puppet from office ASAP
Do not give him the time of day!
Why now?
You asked for transcripts. It will be provided from both sides. What are you complaining about Now?
Take that bullshit to Russia and go with it!
Enough of the trumped up games
Utmost confidence in YOU!!!
