@lisabolejack Any man who claims the title of His Excellency is a fool anyway. Who is ur choice for DOE sec? Someone from NEA??
I am a constituent that is disappointed that you keep voting yes.
so was Rex tillerson and you voted him in.
vote no to gorsuch
how about your vote on Tillerson, Senator? I'm ashamed that I voted for you!
Tellerson didn't need a job. He just wanted to help on our troubled nation.
R u going to vote against ANY of Trump's nominees? U have no "no" votes. Way to stand up for us.
Very disappointed about your vote for Tillerson.
thank you for opposing! Just moved back to #AR but still counting on y'all staying strong!
Ugh looks like I missed your Tillerson vote. #dobetter @SenateDems
And sad to see you join administration in confirming Tillerson.  He is uniquely unqualified.
baloney!
You seriously voted for Tillerson?! I thought you had our backs on this.
Agreed. Thank you for standing up
thats great, but why the vote for Tillerson?  #RexTillerson
you're all uniquely unqualified. Don't deserve benefits and retirement you voted for yourselves.
So was Tillerson!
As is Tillerson, but that didn't stop you from voting for him. Stop voting for Trump nominees, you're letting down your voters.
not me & my family. By the way we're a minority. A Retired Vietnam Veteran 20 years mil service.
@timkaine @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski ++ THANK YOU for NO vote - #DumpDeVos as Educ Secty- Our children deserve SO MUCH more!
look at who you've been voting for. Looks like you are also uniquely unqualified.
unqualified like Tillerson? I am so disappointed. You really let us down. I don't understand it.
And we'd like to see you oppose ALL @realDonaldTrump pics.  @OTIndivisible #standindivisible
Thank you for opposing DeVos!
So was Sec of State!  What happened?
she has so much more integrity than you do. Sorry I voted for you. You DO NOT represent me!
Just another constituent registering my disappointment and outrage that you voted for Tillerson
Thats a lie. The three senators on this aren't qualified. Come election day it will be clear
She is "uniquely unqualified. So is Tillerson. Why did you vote for him?
#noDeVos
retired Vietnam Vet. In Virginia, support strong military. About time we confront lawless Iran.
as VA Residence in poverty support school choice. Son & 4 grandchildren goes to Catholic school.
sorry we did not see you opposing Tillerson.
Didn't Collins vote FOR her in committee?
Senator, I am a Virginia voter.  You need to do a lot more opposing than we've seen so far.
Thank you for voting no on DeVos. Please also vote no on Pruitt. - A concerned Virginian
How do you explain DeVos not qualified and Tillerson is?  Tillerson=big oil interests not US.
Will be glad to say NO to Warner in 2020, join opposition to Warner, he is GOP/Exon/Russia fan
Yes! So encouraged by this! I hope @SenToomey has a strong a spine as they do!
so is Rex Tillerson, didn't stop you from voting for him. Spineless. Traitor.
glad you see you're joining the resistance too, Senator.
.@MarkWarner But you're just fine with Tillerson.
don't you see that devos is a gimme, a throwaway? They got their Russia man tillerson.. #smdh
@SScottWhitaker @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski keep it coming!
hard to care abt/believe anything you say after the Tillerson vote & your yes on all Trump nominees. You've gotten 2 comfy in dc
How do we get started primarying this traitor to the party and Country?
- thank you all for standing up for continued excellence in public education!
term limits!!!
- thank you, Senators!  She is not an adequate choice for our children, or for educators.
let's not forget Mr. Hardees! Please vote NO!
@alfranken Thank you @MarkWarner for standing up for Our American Public Education System! #educationfirst
Can't you turn just one more.  This woman is a disaster in waiting
as someone who will not be voting for you next time, she is very qualified.
Too bad you you were bought for your #tillerson vote. America is watching and #willnotforget!
Clearly so are you. You had one job. Way to vote for Tillerson.
as a Virginian, your vote for Tillerson did NOT represent me. Good luck keeping your job.
what about Tillerson? He has no experience in this realm; he is uniquely unqualified, but you were 1 or 3 to cross aisle. Why?
where was your opposition to the uniquely unqualified Rex Tillerson? Disappointed in you. Please filibuster remaining Trump noms
Just an ordinary citizen here...Thank you Mr. Warner for the yes on Rex Tillerson.
thank you for protecting our future!
Demand Steve Bannon be removed from NSC per violation of fed law
you are also uniquely Unqualified! Along with the rest of your party.
.@MarkWarner but Senator, what made Tillerson qualified for SoS? Why'd you vote for him? Do you not understand what's at stake here?
angered in your backing of Tillerson. Why would cross party lines for him?  You have disappointed your VA constituents.
Thank you for voting against her. Keep up the good work.
stay strong she is not good enough for our children's future
you are finished
why Uniquely?  @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski
warner will wimp out again, don't believe what he says
please demand that all Senators who rec'ved $$ from her recuse themselves!
Indeed. As a parent of a public school student in VA, thank you Sen Warner, and your colleagues @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski
Too bad you're spineless and voted for Tillerson.
You don't seem to understand what this maniac Dictator wannabe is doing.  We don't like the #NAZIS, but it seems you do.
Thank you 4 your courage. Please persuade @DeanHeller to Vote No on DeVos 4 the children of NV!
Equally unqualified was the 'big oil' friend of Russia and Putin that you voted 4 Sec. of State.  We're SCREWED! #disappointed
so was Tillerson.
& you voted YEA on ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson for SoS . DeVos is about as qualified as a bag of rocks #resist
not glad to see you voted for Tillerson though Sen. Warner. Cower and Courage, I think we know which you've fallen in.
why did you vote for Tillerson?
still gave yes to Russia's b!tch #traitor
Happy to see this, not happy you voted for Tillerson. I'm asking you to NOT vote for Sessions, Price, Mnunchin.
You voted for Tillerson.. your constituents are going to get you primaries. You were warned @MarkWarner
I see Obama has removed his muzzle off of @MarkWarner - where have you been 4 the last 8 yrs?
Glad to see you actually oppose one of these clowns... Tillerson? Really?! An oil tycoon?!
the same opposition you DIDN'T show to Tillerson?!
So is Grouch.  Please vote no.
Not pleased U voted 4 Tillerson. Hopefully U will vote against Sessions & Price appointment.
agree on De Vos but WTF on your Tillerson vote?! If you're supporting trump change parties. :(
Please, DeVos is not qualified. VOTE NO. She won't take care of ALL children in America.

But an oil exec making backroom deals skirting US policy is qualified to be secretary of state?
Exxon's interference over oil rights nearly led to a civil war in Iraq.
Don't get cozy in DC Mr. Warner. 2020 isn't that far away.
I agree she is extremely unqualified. So is Tillerson and a vast majority of the other cabinet nominees. Very disappointed.
.@MarkWarner How do you explain your vote for Kremlin-named "Friend of Russia" Rex Tillerson, Senator? You're a traitor to the party.
.@MarkWarner Tillerson. Mattis. Pompeo. Every time a national security matter is on the table, you turn into either a Republican or a ghost.
Why are you confirming any of Trump's appointments?
Are there any other GOP senators on the fence about DeVos? I'm sure constituents would petition.
you voted Tillerson in no doubt Devos will get through, shame on you.
disappointed you voted for Tillerson. Need to go get another vote against for DeVos.
So disappointed in you for voting for #Tillerson.
finally a couple of Republicans who are brave enough to stand up for our kids! About time!
I'm livid at your vote to confirm Tillerson. I will support you being primaried
Very disappointed with your Tillerson vote.
Hopefully you can get 4-5 to oppose EPA pick.
Mark Warner: You just lost my vote for voting for Tillerson
This #milspouse - 22 years, 2 children, 6 states, 13 schools - thanks you for your leadership!
disappointed you voted for Tillerson.
Disappointed you live in this country.
& Tillerson is uniquely friendly with Putin. I hope your Intel Committee investigation continues.
So disappointed in your vote for Tillerson.
Yeah, anyone know who flipped on Tillerson?
disappointed you voted for Tillerson
but you're fine with Tillerson. i see.
@All100Senators @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski thank you!
Not even close to being unique. Just look at Tillerson.
And Trump. Can't forget the most incompetent of all.
