First of all cock soccer Trump never said there was fine people chanting anti-jewish rhetoric what about your antifa who started the riot
I like how you wrd it two sounds like that's exactly what he said when he f n didn't when Obama talks about his Muslim faith nothing said
WE WANT LAWS BANNING HATE SPEECH & HATE GROUPS!  Condemnation is nice but does nothing.
Banning hate speech is unconstitutional. The supreme courts already affirmed that.
Banning hate groups that regularly terrorize people with their behavior- including speeches- I feel like there's a little wiggle room there.
At which point let's get rid of some rappers and music artist that talk about killing people and doing harm where is the outrage over them??
You're telling me you can't tell the difference between a rap performance and a hate group rally?
I'm simple stating you can't pick and choose who the freedom of speech applies to.
You can't stop a person's right to free speech (as part of the government). But you do get charged if you yell "Fire!" In a crowded room.
Thank you, Senator Warner. Please continue exercising your duty to check.
This is all great but WE the people are fed up! Impeach #45 enough is enough.
Thank You!
What a stupid waste of time. 
When will you condemn Antifa and BLM?
Sir does your resolution also insist that Trump put the KKK & white hate groups BACK onto the Federal domestic terror watch lists w/funding?
Don the Con better sign~ Why would he hesitate ? Oh yeah, because his own Father was a KKK member The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
Obama has the award for starting the division not Trump, but hey keep telling yourself that.

Liberalism is truly a mental disorder!

Like I said, liberals R incapable of an intellectual conversation because they allow facts & reason to B replaced with feelings & emotions.
I find you pedantic, boring, and the conversation irrelevant. @realDonaldTrump has done and is doing great harm to our national interests.
Actually the harm was Strategic Absence from Obama, Trump is repairing it. UN passsd 2 res. under Trump on N. Korea, Obama 0.
@realDonaldTrump is way too busy cozying up with the white supremacists and not condemning their actions in #Charlottesviille.
So sad when a resolution is needed for morality, but thanks  #markwarner
Condemning hate? Wth does that mean?  the entire dem party should be condemned.
The party of murder
Ah well good for you. Does it include BLM and Antifa?
http://bit.ly/2x1V6Yg 
And you should send a clear message to your constituency that you feel their pain and join the other Senators who support Medicare for all!!
Good for the House, yet @realDonaldTrump signing it would be meaningless. It would be a "forced" lie. Problem- he is a white supremacist!
Trump, a great man of honesty and patriotism! Love Trump!
Now we have Susan Power! Is the whole DNC corrupt? It never ends and no one goes to jail! Do your job!!!
Doesn't mean anything if he did not initiate the resolution, meaningless. Just like asking @MartinShkerli if he was sorry to up the prices
Hate and any kind of discrimination are un-American. Here, "....All men are created equal."
I agree that there is no place in our nation for hate groups.  But, let's not forget that there were multiple groups in C'ville menacing.
Considering POTUS made it clear immediately that he denounced ALL hate groups! ANTIFA was there being violent! POTUS had it right!
Mr. Warner...signature without sincerity is worth nothing.  Don't cover up his racism!  Blotus needs to be #Impeached.
Another useless uneducated blind braindead FOOL.  Just another waste of a human living in MY COUNTRY
Why hasn't Congress at the VERY LEAST censured @realDonaldTrump for his role in the post-Charlottesville disgusting display of support?
Hypocrate, you and your cronies love Antifa. Have"my heard any Democrats condeming Antics.
How come Obama didn't sign one?
Mark, who decides what speech is "hate" speech? Hate speech if you do not like it?
I would like to condemn the pitiful Virginia Democrat leadership who made it possible.
But he WILL NOT! He is the product of a long line of racists...his grandfather & father were #Nazis...and he's a racist. So there's that.
Unfortunately the fat dumb racist bigot in the WH won't sign it.  Remember his mom and dad were actual KKK members
God bless you Mark Warner. SO proud you are my Senator! Keep up the hard work!!!
Let's hope it includes Antifa in the list of hate groups...a very VIOLENT hate group that attacked peaceful protestors in Berkley recently.
We won't be hearing from libbies about their own hate group antifa. They love "the right kind of 'getting some muscle here.'"
It's a nice sentiment. Unfortunately the white supremacist and all those type of groups know Trump is one of them...
I can smell your hatred from here
No deals with the trump crime family!
Let's only deal with the Clinton crime family. They are much more snuggly.
As much as this was made necessary by Cheeto Benito's idiocy and I appreciate that you did it... Those that need to understand it don't read
Those people may be lost. If so, all the more reason for people like us to promote the democratic process.
Good luck, Mark.
What's going on with the DNC Pakistan computer hacking? How about Seth Rich? What about Obama wire taps? We want answers...
Evidence Congress needs to parent the boy President.
Thank you Senator Warner for all you do. Trump will stall on signing it & then will only do it quietly & with no publicity. That's his base.
Which hate groups? Does it condemn BLM? Does it condemn Antifa? Does it condemn Planned Parenthood? Does it condemn anti-speech colleges?
He won't because @realDonaldTrump is a white supremacist
It's veto-proof, right?
It's a resolution, this is why you shouldn't be allowed to vote.
Why does this only condemn "white" hate groups?!? Seems every race has a hate group.  @realDonaldTrump
He'll send a clear message by not signing it.
What about political Islamic groups?
Thank you Sen. Warner for all your hard work. #LoveTrumpsHate
Watching you with Rachel. Trump may sign it but he will hold a campaign rally and send out the message he didn't  mean it.
Is AntiFa, the Kkk and their sponsors the Democrat Party on the list?
He won't.
He won't.
Thank you #sensenbrenner for doing the right thing @JimPressOffice #wi05
Now it's time to IMPEACH a POTUS that CHEATS with the help of RUSSIA to win the PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION."There's your sign"!What will you do?
He'll sign at 3am and hide it at the bottom of the amendments he's signed
Wath do we have to do to inpeach Donal Trump the dictato.
@realDonaldTrump isn't going to sign it. He'll lose his base. #KKDon
yea, right after he sends the other $975,000 of his million dollar pledge for hurrican relief
Please bring in a handwriting analyst to check his signature.
Where is the text of the resolution?
Unbelievable that you guys have to tell POTUS it's not nice to hate. He has to go now.
Pretty sure that Trump is sending a clear message by not even acknowledging it yet.
He won't sign it unless the pressure grows.
& no cameras
I applaud the house passing this. But, President I'm an idiot isn't going to sign it. It would be admitting he's in bed with the KKK.
Yeah, good luck with that.
I wish you would start representing me. He has condemned hate groups as every other American has. Keep proliferating the hate from Democrats
He's checking with David Duke to see how to spin it. Most of the paper he's signing is white.
I hope you mean to also target hate groups like BLM and ANTIFA.
to open American HISTORIC racism & add misogyny - so what are the American people going to really DO about it (?)
Thank you
22 hours ago
Are you white?  Princess!
Why the voice vote? Why not a roll call so we could see who opposed it?
He should, but sadly, he won't.

Good effort. Now. We will all know exactly where 45 stands, no question, if he does not sign. Taking bets. How many say he will?
Betcha he will not sign it!
Instead of passing crap like this that amounts to a verbal scolding of WS why not actually pass some laws that help people
He won't, he is redecorating the white house into a Nazi headquarters.The only other person with that many eagles was Hitler.
You passed a law condemning hate? Wow you people really are worthless
Well its 3:46pm eastern time......where is the signature???
I give it a 95% chance of #PocketVeto  
https://goo.gl/JWR4Rs 
Trump will not sign since most of the them are his base!
but he won't-these are his people
Don't count on it unless someone is holding the pen with him.
T-Y for this Rep. Warner! Curious to see if Trump signs this bill. Very curious!
Thank you.  I'm struck that in this day and age, we even need such a resolution.
I don't think he will sign it.
I must agree with you. I think #TrumpRussia  is way too mean to sign such an important piece of legislation that would help to heal.
Nothing more pressing than ppl's feelings huh? I mean, we want a wall, a full repeal of ACA & tax reform-but Feelings? U send the wrong msg
Keep dreaming. A President who is clearly a White supremacist will not condemn his brothers. It's that simple! Hasn't he made himself clear?
He won't. He's an ass.
He'll be as happy to do that as he was to sign the Russian sanctions bill
Donald won't sign it because he is a sociopath and gets a thrill out of seeing the violence and hate. His followers are sociopaths too.

Don't hold your breath, Mr. Warner.
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow #NeverthelessShePersisted #GuantanamoforTrump #EVIL  @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  @nytimes @WSJ
I imagine this will be signed as quickly as his donation check clears
What about resolution condemning Antifa and communists?
Trump WH refuses to commit to signing it!!
You know he won't.
Put a plaque on the Confederate statues saying how their fight was immoral to the American principal  that all men are created equal!

It looks like he won't, so what now?? Can you and the rest see he is clearly a racist in chief?? @realDonaldTrump
Its all very lame and just for show until they are labelled as the terrorist groups they are and face legal penalties and limits.
What does it actually do? Does it criminalize groups like antifa and the KKK as the hate groups they are, or is it just paper.
Good on you for your resolution, but why should he sign it? That  racist doesn't agree with it. If he signs it's a sham. #Charlottesville
Get the impeachment going please hurry
@North2North make sure you discuss this when speaking on #jemelehill
I doubt he wants to alienate his voting base. Besides, he's one of them.
Comments like yours will be the reason he'll be re elected!
Oh honey, I feel so sorry for you & people like you. It must suck to wake up being you every day.
Don't feel sorry for me! Feel sorry for yourself and people like you ruining this country!
Don't hold your breath
Political posturing
Trump DOESN'T want to sign it and lose DUKE&SPENCERS SUPPORT.
I love your optimism.  But we all know trump only does things if it feeds his little brain and oversized ego.
- Presdent Trump has blood on his hands and is responsible for Charlottesville.
Good.......ty
Right after Trump gets done with his golf outing
Would that be the antifa attack on peaceful, permit holding demonstrators?
Thank you!
And Congress had to do this because the American President couldn't condemn white supremacy to the American people's liking. He is divisive.
By hate groups do you include BLM and Antifa?
Sorry bot. Those aren't hate groups. They're groups organized to fight racist movements.
Annnnd that won't happen because he is the one who incited all of this to begin with.
So what does that do to change the  racist attitude so pervasive in the Oval Office?
Nothing.
Exactly, it'll change nothing! This is all the left has now since no Russian collusion has been found. The only narrative they have left!
Um, not what I meant. He is a racist, sexist xenophobic LIAR who will do anything 2 protect himself. & he's absolutely in Putin's pocket.
Any credible evidence on any of those accusations? You'd be the first to do so!
Let's see - he is an accused child molester, sex-offender, self-admitted pussy grabber who has been sued numerous times for racial & sex
Discrimination with respect to his housing developments. His father was in the KKK and he grew up believing in white supremacy based on
Eugenics studies. He affiliated himself w/ the alt-right, a more politically correct term for white supremacy. Everything he said about
If he doesn't, BIG SIGN!
Big deal. What does that really mean?  Nothing.
It will force the president to publicly condemn those groups in writing. Or maybe he won't sign it. And that will be telling.
He'll sign it. But he'll still court them. His rhetoric will not change.
Good luck with that. @realDonaldTrump going against 70% of his base?
Thank you
Well, if he does not sign it, is it an admission of incompetancy in upholding our human and/or civil rights?
This is meaningless. The GOP are the Nazis. As long as the GOP exists there will always be Nazis.
Oh, he sent a message.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Trump is sending a very clear message every minute he delays signing it
Good luck w/ that Sir..
Be sure not to hold your breath.
BFO: brilliant flash of the obvious.
.Respectfully.
Congress didling around the edges only enables the destruction of USA to speed along.

Fix it.   #Remove #Unfit4Prez.   ASAP!
Thank you!  Let's hope the Cheeto in the @WhiteHouse will sign it.
Thank you, and the House. 
Please keep fighting the good fight. Small steps in an uphill battle are huge strides.
Trump won't sign... He's still furious he *HAD* to sign Russia Bill/Sanctions.
Nothing that comes out of his mouth is true. Why force him to lie again?
Just get rid of this traitor.
#LyingTrump
#CrookedTrump
#LockHimUp

So you want white supremacist Stephen Miller to write a hypocritical, insincere statement for white supremacist Trump to droningly read.
You should be forcing AG Sessions back in front of the Senate to face perjury charges, thats what should be happening
lol good one Mark, a white supremacist is not going to sign that
He won't
He won't sign it or sign it in secret
But of course he won't.
He won't be sure which hate groups you're talking about. He won't think he's ever met any of them. He'll need to research before condemning.
He'll probably have Sessions sign it.
Please let us know if he signs! Thanks 4 caring abt America/Americans! #Muellertrainrolling #theresistance #indivisible 
Now how bout passing some real laws that really do something for America instead all this symbolic stuff
See, that's the thing, tho--It's SYMBOLIC. Oh, to see them sweat & squirm if it was BINDING. 
No mention of ANTIFA, the group that actually started the violence? The group that attacks people across the country to block free speech.
FLOTUS should resign
Does it also condemn antifa? ?
But he won't. Doesn't want to alienate his baser base.
Please stop adding validity to his charade. What is wrong with you? Let him continue to hang himself. Don't you want him gone? Guess not.
The saddest part is that this resolution is actually needed in 2017.
He won't. Muddying the waters is his specialty. nazikkkdtthat he is believes opposite of what resolution states.
Thank you
He already sent a clear message. :-(
Even if he signs it, they are only words that mean nothing to @realDonaldTrump. His actions prove he is on the side of white supremacists.
Thank you
@realDonaldTrump won't sign willingly
He aligned with #WhiteSupremacists 
Another reason people fucking hate 45
I doubt he would condemn what is obviously a large chunk of his voter base.
Put Antifa on the Bill as Domestic Terrorists!Trump gave the correct response the first time! #BothSides @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
How many people killed by Antifa? Please enlighten me.
But what does the actually mean other than just blah blah blah?
Need to convince Republican leaders to hold their breathe until he sings it..
Haha @Potus? Signing a resolution condemning white supremacists? You know he's done all he can to not offend his base.
But POTUS advocates hate and violence.
Bravo to you Mr. Warner!! 
If he signs it, he will have statement like with Russia sanctions, he will mention both sides to blame and both sides are hate groups
Good luck
I personally don't want to see him once again reading a script he doesn't believe in. No need for that, we know where he stands. But thanks

Senator Al Franken doing what he does best, catching trump nominees in all of their lies. Love this! 
that's great but Der Fuhrer tRUMPolini & his Nazis have already sent a clear message they support racism
Now get the GOP to pass a resolution condemning the entire alt-right movement as not welcome in their party
Thank you!
Tell Omarosa to tell Trump that.
Agree wholeheartedly.  Thanks for pushing this through.  Now we will see POTUS true colors.
What happens if he doesn't sign it. What do we do then?
It would be vetoed. Then two thirds would have to pass it in a filibuster.
Took long enough...!
ASSSSAP!
Tonight the House passed my resolution condemning hate groups & the Charlottesville attack. POTUS should send a clear message & sign it ASAP
Grateful, @MarkWarner  ♡

Well, good luck with that ...
Please finish the investigation NOW! Thank you.
Thank You
You should make the President sign the resolution on...both sides.
You saw the tape?! It was Putin's idea! I didn't want the prostitutes to pee on me, just the bed!! Ohhh, wait, you mean the signing thing...
I doubt he will.
Thank you though.
Get those Nazi-KKK fucks out of America. Nobody wants them here. They're evil and not welcomed.
Nope. If he signs it there will be too many empty seats at his rallies. Trump loves the white supremacists. Ratings. All about ratings....
He can't find his pen. It is shameful that this resolution was needed in the first place #Resist #raceinamerica
Words.   Just words.  While your rhetoric cons the masses.
@JustSchmeltzer @realDonaldTrump Sad Old Racist
And this INCLUDES Antifa correct Mr. Warner? Calling them out specifically as a hate group???
The demonstration was a result of the permissiveness *he* fostered.
He supported the supremacists after the fact.
It's doubtful he'll comply
True profiles in courage ...
