Our intelligence leaders could have laid allegations against POTUS to rest. They chose not to and didn't explain why they wouldn't answer.
That tells me we have more investigating to do. The American people deserve to know whether these allegations against the President are true
After today's hearing, we’re left with more questions than answers about POTUS' conduct. The President is not above the law. None of us are.
Seems @HillaryClinton is. Undeniable proof of her corruption so where's the indictment there? Hypocrite.
She was cleared by the FBI, did you forget?
FBI doesn't determine indictment. But I guess a private meeting on the tarmac doesn't raise liberals eyebrows.
You mean how everything Trump does, doesn't raise conservative eyebrows? That's the hypocritical part.
What he does is beneficial to USA unlike Obama and Dems.
It's astonishing how intelligent individuals are choosing to protect someone who is a CLEAR & PRESENT DANGER to the US and the world!
Your investigation has gone nowhere and won't until you get rid of @RichardBurr_DN. His phony statement about no one answering was for show.
Thank you Senator Warner. Subpoenas should be handed down  and be forced to speak the truth.
Why were they allowed not to answer?
Just read the Comey memos out today - you have enough now get that embarrassment out of office
Great job today sir! The majority of Americans appreciate your persistence for truth.  #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
They cleared it up perfectly and your still Blowin Smoke you are extremely dishonest
Comey said he can find no collusion. I am so tired of the dems trying to undo the election.I was an independent but now I am a repub.
And they did. You just didn't like what you heard.
Why are they not being held in contempt of Congress? I guarantee you none of us would get away with not answering.
And they did. They all told you unequivocally there was no interference. What confused you? How much of hearing did you miss? #AmericaFirst
Did you watch it? Your a loon. They refused to answer the question using words like "not pressured" "not directed". Your ignorance is sad.
I watched a fair portion of it. Not pressured and not directed would seem to indicate no interference. They can hold a closed session lol
The truth will come out eventually. With the smoke of a 1000 fires above DC, it would be shocking not to find the fire. Obvious cover ups.
Yes, the cover-ups of the #ThanksObama DOJ will take a while to unravel. Those are the only cover-ups there is evidence of. #AmericaFirst 
Just when I thought you were slightly reasonable. Good luck with that. The kool aid your drinking is about to get very bitter. #Comey
I guess you haven't read Comey's written testimony? Lol cmon man, I'm a lawyer, we do FACTS and the law. Everything else is white noise
They should all be subpoenaed and required to answer your questions. Tomorrow. Immediately. They work for the taxpayer and so do you.
Agree
I'll finish that sentence for you, "and they did"
And so dear Mark, what did they tell you behind closed doors?
It was a disgusting show of anti American sentiment by those 2 men
Thank you 4 your questions 2day. Appreciate you trying 2 get answers 4 us regular folks. After hearing these 4 speak made me feel worse.
Yes and they took full advantage. They gave you the finger and you did NOTHING about it! #Impotent
WE R W/ TRUMP. These FABRICATED "scandals" r supposed 2 distract frm the great things he's doing ie economy, jobs growth, axing harmful regs
Mum was the word...
How did that work out?  Stop dicking around and balance budget and do the people's business.
mr. warner, i am consistently ignored by 1 of your colleagues, @RoyBlunt. would you mind asking him step up his question game? it's weak. TY
Will u charge them w/contempt? they refused to answer without legal standing to do so. Protecting trump is not a reason it is contempt
And you should have charged them w/ Contempt of Congress. You and @SenatorBurr must keep our checks/balances legitimate to secure democracy
USE YOUR SUBPOENA POWER
You will NEVER let it go and always have unanswered questions, even if they're answered!! Lol you just want to drag this out until 2020!!
And how many jobs did you create for your constituents today
You Leftards had a bad today. The looks on your faces when they all told you what you didn't want to hear. PRICELESS!
Today's #senatehearing was deeply disturbing. Flat out denying to ask congress committee about the criminal activity in the WH is an insult.
because there isn't any!!!!!
Senator, THIS is our generation's Watergate and we MUST continue to insist on answers until those in the highest positions held acctable.
Thank you for your effort Senator. Keep at it, we're with you.
And they flat out REFUSED
100%, they told U NO, that POTUS never asked them to interfere. ARE YOU DEAF?

No there there......
Lets investigate the guy that got killed who leaked the documents from the Democrat Party
Cut the bullshit senator the preamble the hearing was impartiality quickly went down the shit tube when answers did not fit narrative
This was supposed to be about FISA Act. You used it to continue a witch hunt. You need to concentrate on the current topic. Not Russia!
You committee is a joke. That is why they didn't answer your questions. Because everyone knows Democrats will tweet about it then go home.
See no evil 

Hear no evil

Speak no evil

           &

And one that just don't know what the hell he is doing
Not understanding,Sir,how "Let it go" and subsequent firing of Comey r NOT Obstruction Of Justice, Sir. I think millions of Americans don't
Even if convo w/Comey in "purview" of Mueller's invest. - Mueller set no limits, no Trump exec priv. & not classified. Comey will answer Qs.
Thank you Senator. Glad to see some moving forward and trying to get the truth for America
Oh God when are out of office? Not soon enough. You are doing a horrible job. Do your fingers hurt from being in someone else's pocket?
That's why Obama spyed on Americans and you didn't t have more questions about that! American people are tired of the stupid games!
And they failed
That was very shoddy treatment of our Intelligence Heads. They HAD to twist to protect Mueller's investigation. YOU KNOW THAT. WE KNOW THAT.
They cleared it up pretty well. How many times do they have to tell you? Didn't say what you wanted because it was untrue. The people saw it
Cant wait for the clip going viral to show your lies 
Thank you for your leadership. Your NVA constituency is behind you!
RUSSIA IS FAKE NEWS, SETH RICH MURDERED BY THE DNC ISNT
Classy all the way! Can't say the same about your colleague, .@senatorburr.
I think perhaps they preferred to testify in private hearing not public.  I understand but disagree. So, schedule an immed. private hearing
"I’m not sure I have a legal basis,” Coats said.  Contempt and obstruction of justice. Lock them up for contempt until they answer.
They did not do it. Only thing Rogers said, was he didn't feel pressured. Who cares. Americans just want to know if Obstruction of Justice.
@realDonaldTrump is a traitor to the American ppl colluding with Russia to interfere with our Democratic process.
Thank you for your hard work on behalf of Virginia and the US.
But since Party is 1st, lines have been blurred. Separation of branches mean nothing. No fear of Congress bcuz Party will circle  & lie
Are these the same "reports" that were revealed as Dem strategy in the Podesta emails?
And they couldn't do that, so it is obvious that he did.
Thank you for all that you are doing! I was very frustrated today that none of the witnesses could cite rule of law for not answering Q's.
he did not interfere in ANYTHING he simply wanted his name cleared as ANYBODY would and comey played GAMES would NOT clear his name
Closed session required for discussion of confidential and classified information.
And they didn't clear anything up. They cast more suspicion and doubt in WH, intel community, congressional oversight, etc. Travesty.
That's what Warner said, too. 'More questions than answers.'
and they told you all to go pound sand.. it wasnt privileged! it wasnt classified! they committed CONGRESSIONAL CONTEMPT.

site them for it
Excellent questions today, sir. Thank you for demanding that America deserves better.
And it was a BIG waste of time. Nothing new revealed, no questions answered. Way to go. Have you forgotten YOU work for US?
Senator Warner, I am so proud to have volunteered to work on your campaign. You make all of Virginia proud.
They whiffed!
It's a shame they did not take it.
Everything you just said in your opening statement is a distortion of reality
I check the audio and the video and all of them said they were willing to talk in a classified setting.There must be a reason.
Trump orchestrated the whole clandestine affair! But! What do the Koch Bros influence have to do with Putin's involvement!
You dislike the pres and u will continue looking for Russians as long as possible.In the meantime health insurance taxes, etc are not fixed.
Our founding fathers did not anticipate a time when an entire political party may be complicit in deceiving the American people.
Keep digging, the truth is there. #TrumpObstructed
And from everything I've been able to read and see they failed in that wonder if they were obstructing
You dont want any answers you want to continue this dog and pony show
If you don't enforce your authority to insist on answers to your questions, these guys will continue to disrespect the Senate.  Penalize!!
You are the person interfering with real investigations by pushing your agenda. You should resign.
They threw it in your collective faces. We now await your response. Meekly swallow it, or stand against contempt of Congress.
As a Virginia voter, I'm asking you to subpoena these men to answer, and hold them in contempt if they do not. They swore oaths to answer.
......and Senator, they FAILED
Thank you from Nebraska! cc:@SenatorFischer @BenSasse
They didn't feel pressure but clearly got the message. Interesting distinction, when it is coming from your boss.
Why were they not held in contempt?  No one was asking for the nuke codes. No one was asking for a reveal of classified information.
Comey had the decency to meet w/Prez, Jan 6th, ALONE.  The Russian pee story, so yeah, maybe stuff should be said behind closed doors.
Asking people to prove a negative - is not exactly what constitutes an "opportunity."
You, Sen King and Sen Heinrich we're awesome!
Your opportunity missed - to ask witnesses why they didn't find out before what they could not discuss. They had advance notice, So did you.
Well how did it go?
that is because he did NOT interfere he simply asked a question..FOR A MAN WHO SERVED THIS NATION FOR OVER THIRTY YEARS IN THE MILITARY!
Reports? Ha! 9 mos, we still have no evidence. Never was any. Never will be. Dumbacratic diversion to stall Gov't. #Gettowork #MAGA
Did you forget. NSA,CIA,COMEY,WATERS, ASSANGE All said no evidence. When asked Mark Warner studdered. PATHETIC CRIMINAL OR STUPID. WASTE
It seems your role is to only impugn the president.  Meanwhile, your job of working for citizens goes ignored.
It is strange though that as part of the gang of "8" U knew that POTUS was not a target of any investigation, yet you continued act opposite
HA!  You FAILED!!  All you accomplished is to show your true self.  America is taking notice of parasites like you, Al Green, Schumer, etc.
Fake news ! Waste of tax payer cash!
You were so incredibly disrespectful yesterday and tried to force your agenda and not giving Coats chance to answer and cut him off.
And they failed their mission. Have they been compromised?
That got cleared up Mark,.. you refuse to accept the fact it did!!!
THANK YOU.  KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK!!!
Went over like a lead balloon! Maybe giving Trump time to claim executive privilege. Seems like asst AG was also complicit in this cabal!
And fell flat on your faces !
Seems to us they lawyered up in advance; fearing your next question after what Pres said, i.e.: "Did you report Pres illegal act?"
The Democrats lost the majority in the the Senate and took the White House! While James Comey led the FBI! Trump made a mistake in judgement
Can you hold those 4 in contempt?
More like verify
Couldn't agree more, they really put on a "Stonewalling Show"
Lucky to have known you in same section as one L's, so I attest first hand to everyone your high intelligence and ethics.
Russians may not have "changed" votes-but did they alter voting registers thus blocking/invalidating ballots??
we need 9/11 style commission
Drop it Mr. Warner. You guys continue to lose. You're embarrassing the good people of VA.
Keep at it Senator. The truth will set us free
WE THE PEOPLE want to what's the committee going to so now?  We need answers.
These 4 are showing they care more about Trump than the country. Not good for the 4 in their positions. No longer trust them with security.

Listen. Everyone with their panties in a twist. IC are consummate pros. End game is important. Public feeling all warm & fucking fuzzy…
Why no threat of contempt or note they were obstructing justice?  No legal requirement that they not answer questions and they get a pass
Do you not realize we were all watching??  You seem to be the only one who doesn't get an answer. You need to be held accountable!! 
@StevenMWolfe3 they did you just didn't get the answers you wanted.
