The GOP health bill will hurt Americans. Bad backroom deals won't cure that: Column https://usat.ly/2svX05b  via @USATOpinion
The Heritage Foundation is behind the Affordable Health Care Act under President Obama. He ran on "Single Payer" or Medicare for All.
How do you have the gall, the nerve, the audacity to tweet this after 8 yrs of Dems corruption with Obama?
You keep doubling down on stupid.
Mark, I want @realDonaldTrump to just let Obamacare to fail.  There is no such thing as Trumpcare.  Dems still own it!
We rely on you and Tim Caine to fight back and guard people's rights. Stand strong.
Living in bizarro world?  What rights do these knuckleheads guard?  @timkaine  calls for violence in streets like an Alinsky disciple.
this is why they don't want reporters in the senate gallery etc. and want to block all  from asking questions. (R) Congress is corrupt
who can fix it?
Dems have to do much more, because they doing what they want and if there is nothing to stop them It will be law without you knowing #resist
Witthold consent! Filibuster by amendment! Use the tools you have to #STOPTrumpCare!
The ACA was a Democratic backroom deal.  "We have to pass it too see what's in it."
You can say that again Senator. When will we be getting back to the business at hand instead of months & months of unfounded investigations?
Please obstruct and delay using every tactic available, even if it means introducing 40,000 amendments to get us to midterms.
What are YOU doing to stop this! ?? Stop all senate business!!!!! (Except the investigation of course!)
This isn't how are institutions are suppose to work. We the people are  growing very weary & angry with the WH & Gop. Each day is crazy.
so much for working for We The People of the United States who pay their salary.
See how they like premiums based on health rather than shared by the whole. Their bill will be a catastrophic restriction of coverage.
Accusing Dems of secrecy when their were at least 15 debates on the floor-See how they like preexisting conditions & mental health denied.
As my Senator, we have to pull out all the stops to expose these Senators who think this is not one of the most important issues of our time
Need to be in the room where it happens
Backroom deal #6 ... show us the bill before we proceed any further.
What about how Obama care was written? See WSJ editorial yesterday for background senator. Either the bill is bad or you are in dark.notBoth
Dems must invoke "filibuster by amendment" when the toad McConnell does reconciliation. Endless amendments til fixed or tied up 4 good.#AHCA
trump admin is doing illegal activities
Republicans are more concerned with how bill affects Big Pharma & insurance companies. They don't give a damn about us.
You need to move for debate on constitutionality of a bill written like this and filibuster by amendments. Save American lives
This is wrong thank you @markwarner keep the heat on
Learning from you so called professionals. You competing with @timkaine about who can say the dumbest shit?  God help VA, Please.
Time for them to come out of their closet & be accountable to their constituents instead of doing the bidding of Trump
& party politics!
Thank you for trying to shed some light on this & protect our healthcare!
#Obamacare hurts Americans. You promised not to vote for a bill that wouldn't lower HC costs & kicked ppl off plans they liked, but you did.
You wouldn't even answer the question, "Did you read the 10,500+ page ACA bill?" This is not how government is suppose to work.
Keep fighting, Senator. Our lives depend on it.
#ShowUsTheBill
You are SOL if you are relying on government to save you. Wake up and take responsibility for your own healthcare.
Oh give me a break.  You were silent as the democrats did their business in the dark of night so you have no room to complain now!
Use the tools you have to fight this monstrosity #WithholdConsent #NoDebateNoVote
#WITHHOLDCONSENT vote-a-rama we are depending on you
asked your help U declined  Your party did ACA in backroom even from rest of party & author said Americans too dumb to see how bad it was
Please do everything you can do to #StopTrumpcare #SaveTheAca
Filibuster by amendment!!
Did you invite the GOP into discussions for the ACA?  Did you have to pass the ACA to know what was in it?  Time to stop bickering!!!!
Nothing can compare how Obamacare was down our throats! Your net worth is > $254M. You're not concerned what working Americans can afford.
So, do something about it. #WITHHOLDCONSENT. Filibuster by amendment during vote-a-rama. It's time for action. No more Mr. Nice Democrat.
The ACA has distorted healthcare. I don't see that we will be abe to fix this easily. Once a benefit has been given, you cant take it away.
No but it was just fine when you and the Dems were the majority...can you say hypocrisy?
didnt here you crying when the dems did obcare,besides get to work,your not being paid to tweet tweet???
They're desperate & worried. Obviously they don't have a worthy bill & are just going to shove it through quickly just for political gain.
Same ad obama care. How did that work for you
And how did Obamacare pass? How many Russia probe hearings?.... How many #AWAN AWAN AWAN AWAN AWAN AWAN AWAN hearings--0
This health care bill could affect all Americans, ACA or with private health insurance. I'm very concerned about the catastrophic caps.
Your right time to get rid of corrupt political parties #ArticleV #conventionofstates
perhaps you should withhold consent for daily legislative business and slow the senate to a halt until they make it public. just do it!
#NoDebateNoVote  ... Thsnks, Senator!
Mark Warners hypocrisy: infinite
@SenateGOP STOP THIS MADNESS!  Show US the Bill!
Neither is the way the IC Committee is working or the unconstitutional Special Council.
Oh but Mark u are forgetting abt @realDonaldTrump super secret magical healthcare plan that will knock your socks off.
Thank you for fighting!
