He did. Has he screamed dake news yet? It was on the news before Comey even knew. Trump loves to blindside & humiliate.
Mark Warner VA has $6 million ties to Russia. He's worth $80 million. Seems he is getting fat of the American people. 2012 Yandex

Omg!! Democrats wanted Comey fired now that he is fired they are mad he is fired! Hypocrites! Big baby hypocrites!
No, we just put country over all parties. You should try it.
Oh please! 
Work with us call us now God bless America
This is a prime example of the hypocrisy you represent. The american people are tired of this BS. I hope your constituency vote you out.
While watching the front door u should see what came in d back door. Remember you r dealing with a student of Machiavelli.
Lucy has some splaining to do too.
so do you  @CNN
You should talk let's investigate you Mr warner
Confidence comes from minding your own business
@POTUS @seanhannity @LouDobbs @realDonaldTrump Mr. Warner, how many MILLIONS have U invested in a RUSSIAN stock? Hypocrite!!
maybe the DNC needs to hire attorneys to investigate the WHITE House & Congress.These legislators don't seem to know what to do anymore
Rosenstein apparently never heard the methapore about selling the soul and working for the devil.
You Dems need to get it together. Six months ago all the way to last week you wanted to hang Comey. Get it together!
Partisan hack - you and your colleges just voted for Rod... now no confidence? Sure... This why Congress has 20% approval rating #hypocrite
What Democrats strategist came up with this crap,it's no wonder your Harvard spank initiation types are detached from mainstream society
Mark Warner VA has $6 million ties to Russia. He's worth $80 million. Seems he is getting fat of the American people. 2012 Yandex
The only thing smelling rotten is trump. This Repub now going to register independent
i have already done that  i just can't pretend this is ok behavior
we want some answers in why was Hillary allowed to send classified info to Weiners laptop when some where labeled top secret.
Then when @realDonaldTrump fires horn, @MarkWarner will cry about that too! Also, how R u investing anything w/Russia when U R paid by them?
Sorry you have to promote yourself and can only get few likes...EVER THINK THIS IS DIRECT INDICATION THAT YOU LOOK FOOLISH AND NOBODY CARES!

#VoteThemOut
They all do
because he agreed with Schumer and other Dems that Comey needed to be fired
Blah blah blah fake news blah blah blah
Deputy AG is a stooge for trump
Also must ask
If #COMEY  asked 4 more funds
& if he were aware of rumors of Grand Juries
#Rosenstein  #comeyfired #RussiaInvestigation @1a
Ask Rosenstein how & when he did research
that led 2 the letter
why he had the idea
& which agents lost faith?
#COMEY #ComeyFiring @1a
Guess I have to add Deputy AG  to my #lockhimup list
Moron change his mind? Confirmed 96-4 hypocrites
Trump dose not pass the smell test
To Who, Not You nor CNN , he explained it perfectly . F**k a Democrat and CNN
Thank you Senator Warner.  Keep the pressure up. #IndependentCommission @SpecialProsecutor not chosen by Trump or his associates OR #Impeach
Can't have a special prosecutor if there is nothing to prosecute   Sheesh
This was the administration's Humptey Dumptey off the wall moment...You can't put this back together again, time for an IP nothing less
@MarkWarner Sir when b/s probe is finished & no evidence Russia convinced voters to vote @POTUS I'll b suing U for theft, gross negligence
Rosenstein...A paid stooge for TRUMP AND ALL HIS PARTNERS IN CRIME!
An Assistant AG that got praise and votes from both sides of the table.
Rosenstein's reputation far exceeds anyone in the Senate at this moment in time.
@MarkWarner Senator Warren get your facts straight.  You are the SWAMP.
Really?  Try again!
You are the new puppet?
You were calling for Comey's resignation in October you lunatics!
Senator, we have your back. Ignore the bots and trolls.  WE THE PEOPLE...  WE FIGHT FOR OUR COUNTRY. #RESIST every damn day! #TrumpRussia
Senator Warner. Do more than lose confidence. Solve the problem with a full independent investigation.
Sen Warner gave Rosenstein resounding confirmation 2 wks ago now says he's lost confidence in him!  Just like Trump lost confidence in Comey
Dems are hysterical. Warner now says he's  lost confidence in the brand new deputy attorney general.  Unbelievable. These guys are priceless
Let's ask @Sen_JoeManchin how he feels about his unnecessary vote now!
Where was the smell test when u tried to fire your own ethics committee first day back to work senator
A man just starting a job two weeks ago  shouldn't have Authority in making such a decision as to remove head of FBI; what the hell???
so, senator, how are you going to hold his feet to the fire? And, when? Get on it before the country implodes!
So he did the job you sent him there to do and now you cry about it. Typical immature liberal.
This is a very sad time for our country when everyone stands by and does nothing to hold Trump accountable
no prob we lost confidence sen. Warner eons ago cuz he's an idiot
Sen Mark is good at finding currenr buzz words, isn't he?  Unbelievable.
Ridiculous let's get on w USA no matter what cannot please everyone! Don't even try peace in Middle East when USA cannot find it within
He has no explaining to do. He doesn't work for you, Senator. Comey refused to prosecute those who believe they are above the law.
Comey needed to get approval from his boss before taking the prosecutor role. He was not to big to fire. A few more GVT drones need fired

SNOWFLAKE CRY BABIES EVERYWHERE... NEWS FLASH IDIOT'S ANY FBI INVEST. STILL CONTINUES LOL SNOWFLAKES
Oh...please! Stop and give the American people a break.
He doesn't report to you Mark.
Actually I think the Dems have a lot of explaining to do for playing the Russia card. It is smokw but no fire.
How can you have an independent investigation when the president fires the man leading it in the middle of it.  Must be getting too close...
Just because it didn't go your way i think crybaby chuck is throwing a crying party go join him cnn is the sponsor and hilliary is speaking
The whole GOP and this fraudulent administration is on the ropes. They're acting desperate because they know it's coming apart.
Did he call him Lucy?
We can't be so polite and nice when something so DANGEROUS IS HAPPENING to OUR DEMOCRACY!!! We need an outroar of PROTEST!!!
I think you all should hide in your safe spaces and lock that door forever....
Lucy! You got some 'speaking to do.
And some Splaaning too
You liberals need to buy clean ex a bunch of cry babies.....
Remind the senator that the deputy AG came from the Obama Adm then remind him of the quotes from his fellow senators just 8 months ago. Darn
He did explain it in a lengthy and detailed recommendation statement
Fire Warner next
Wow.. can the partisan hacks get any more blatant... he had lost confidence in Comey too. Liberal MSM reports like it real news. #Pathetic
Wait, Wait. Wut? Warner lost confidence in Rosenstein because... He agreed with the democratic assessment that Comey needs to be fired?
If anything, that should raise confidence in Rosenstein. But the timing of the action should cast doubt on Trump. NOT Rosenstein.

You got that right. Everyone hold your nose!
Rather surprising to think Deputy AG Rosenstein would decide to fire FBI director as his first action. After two weeks on the job?
Cajones.
Mark Warner and a major of the country too.
#ThisThingReeksMoreThanRottenFish
And we'll be all ears tomorrow at the hearing
If you've already decided someone "smells bad" everything they touch "smells bad". My 9 yr old girl says the same thing about my 14 yr son.
If Hillary were President Comey's Firing day would be declared a National Holiday 
Yes, the main Democrat character stood against Comey in every way, did not follow the rule of law.
So Senator Mark Warner basically quoted Ricki RiCardo. ?
Ahhahaa...this guy is a moron
I love this chasing the Russians,you dummies I think voters out of work in the Rust Belt our parents w/kids hooked on oxy give a crap?
Oh shut up Warner! If hrc had fired him you'd be all in. Worthless lefty
fake nees
Its time for an independent investigation @make5calls
How so?

In one week?
