@ABC13News if you Democrats would stop taking history down maybe this would not have happened!!
If you conservatives stopped praising traitors to this county we wouldn't have these statues to begin with..
if you liberals will quit kissing the ass of black lives matters things will be different too
If you conservatives quit acting like hundreds of police shooting each year is ok...
if we do away with the monuments than the Civil War never happen!
Or we could just remove the ones of the losers...
Funny claim to be keeping terrorism out of our country. He just creating terrorism in our country with these white nationalist Nazis.#WH
So hate groups on the left get a pass? Antifa was there, but, have you called them out for their violence and hate?
U do know that Antifa was there too! They have shown themselves 2 protest w/violence & hatred also! Check the left!  Stop IDentity politics.
Since obviously @POTUS refuses to do so.
#WhiteSupremacistsTerrorists
#Antifa also.  They are violent and a hate group and they were in #charlotesville today.
All Americans should be standing tall against the Nazi movement - you're not standing tall when you put out BS like this - take a seat !
Time to talk with @SenSanders and his Antifa Peeps u think ???
Maybe they could sit down with Trump and his alt-right peeps and figure it out
Who are Trumps alt-right peeps ?
Bannon& the loon from Info Wars, the rest of the white nationalist crazies
don't know or follow them,
Steve Bannon is one of Trump's advisors, helped found Breitbart. Both it and InfoWars are tabloid rags.
Do u buy into the Lunacy of Dimm Nation and the MSM ?
Do you buy into Trump's everyone else is lying to you but the guys I tell you to believe?
Thank you for representing our great Commonwealth. We are better than what happened today. We must be.
Thank you Senator. This cannot be allowed to happen in our state.
Why don't you condemn #Antifa as well?
Why were the names, KKK, Nazi and White Supremacist so carefully avoided in this statement?
Because they are the 30% base that he caters too in every tweet, NK threat, Venezuela threat, wall he promises and ban he proposes.
Sen Warner if ur going to say that there's no place in US for the hate of "KKK's", etc,,,are you also going to include "Black Lives Matter"?
Blood+Soil + #HeilTrump chanted by @POTUS' #altright NAZI fans in #Charlottesville #trumPIGnorance is dangerous #trumprussia #treason tragic
Your opinion really don't matter,you and your Liberal friends would have nothing to say if it was Black Lives Matter!
Thank you Senator for not making this a political statement
Such hate statements from BLM as: "What Do We Want? Dead Cops! When Do We Want'em? Now!"  And, "Pigs in a Blanket, Fry'em Like Bacon!"
This is milk toast statement. Why didn't you call out white supremacists, neo-Nazis and swastikas? Call it like is is Sen. Warren, please.
its easy 2 point fingers & say that person is a Racist but how about fixing the problem? Sow seeds of peace, equality and listen 2each other
Please stop them! Virginia is for Lovers, not killers! 

Clash between protesters and counter protesters. Police says "We'll not intervene until given command to do so." #Charlottesville 
@realdonaldtrump, this is what a leader looks like.
No mention of the Antifa and BLM groups being bussed in many of which were dressed for battle? Both sides need addressed and condemned.
Senator, Dems must insist Gorka & Bannon out of WH now.Nothing gets passed until they're gone.
VA born values? You can't deny that this is part of our state's history.
Virginia is actually one of the most racist states in the country.  No values there. But you can start the change. #Charlottesville
The man driving the car... was he attacked first?
You are the cause of this division in America! You continue your fake Russia investigation into our President duly elected!!!!!
Pleasantly surprised Warner didn't ignorantly connect this craziness to POTUS! It's usually his style to say dumb shit
@pccc trained/paid ppl to attack a peaceful protest. Were you included in the email with the #MSM ? Promoting unrest to gain #Votes?
Have any proof, a source to back that statement up? I see you several making this claim but nothing to substantiate the claim.
Senator Warner, Pls help us get him out before anything more happens. 
Mark - for the 1st time since being a child, I fear for my life in this country!     Member of GLBTQ ; Jewish roots; military disabled vet!
Mr Warner, Why was this allowed? The violence that followed came with no surprise, why? Please let us know.
please, take a look at https://sites.google.com/site/tweetsfront/ …
Show up and and stand by in person.  Statement is not good enough!
Prayers for victims and for those filled w fear/hate. As difficult as it is to consider, the latter may need our prayers and love evenmore.
I was there. I talked to a few of the Cville residents. They are very pissed at their city council right now.
TY for reminding us there are still thoughtful, well-reasoned ppl in our Capital seeking truth and http://solution.You  give me hope.
Thank you for taking a stand against terrorism!!!
We need you and all of congress to condemn the group responsible for this White Supremacist, Nazis and fascists you know trumps base
Nope, too wimpy. Not good enough. Was it simply out of towners ya didn't like?
Watching and listening to Sen Warner for months hoping he might be someone to lead us from the chaos.These are the words of a leader. IMHO.
Protecting the white power movement by not naming them.
Please run in 2020.
Thank you.
Take a look at others (@TomPerriello/@MarkHerringVA: such as https://twitter.com/MarkHerringVA/status/896468848790179840 …) & try again re (neo)Nazi terrorism in Virginia.
The violence, chaos, and apparent loss of life in Charlottesville is not the fault of "many sides." It is racists and white supremacists.
Warner's statement is what Trump should have said.
You forgot a few key words-
KKK, nazi, white supremacist, domestic terrorism
Can Congress hold Sessions accountable to do his job in the case of #Charlottesville?
Sessions needs to open a DOJ investigation into today's hate violence. This is what the FBI and the Civil Rts Division are meant to do.
Sessions will not condemn this he is part of it wouldnt be surprised if he was a card carrying KKK member too.
What gets me is the violent protest after Trump was elected was ok! Bullshit
Could you direct me to your statement on antifa and violent leftists?   I must have missed it.
call out White Supremacist Nazis BY NAME
Carpetbagger?  someone's living in the past. The my lost. Get over it and move on..
Well said, handled strongly. Thank you!
Your's and your counter parts assistance is greatly appreciated in protecting us,the citizens from hate especially the law enforcement.
I'm very disappointed that you didn't call out the White Supremacist by name. They need to be called out for violence they incite.
If the POTUS won't NAME white nationalism (as he said Obama wldn't say 'radical Islam') how r we to overcome this? Kind of hypocritical.
Good start, but you need to calll out @realDonaldTrump and @jeffsessions by name. Name the problem to solve it.
I truly support the right to peacefully protest, but how could these bigots be allowed to enter a city with weapons, flakvests, helmets,etc?
Read David Dukes tweet to Potus then contact FBI.
The German NAZI party was formed in Feb1920. ~ 100 years ago! The greatest generation BLED to wipe out this scourge in EU. Unfinished biz!
I would be more worried about the anarchist!  Antifa is much more dangerous.  You were looking in the wrong direction. #Charlotteville
Thank you, Senator Warner.
Prayers aren't enough, sir. What are you going to *do* from your position of power to dismantle systematic oppression?
@realDonaldTrump Remove him now!
Vets to dump trump now !
This is obviously NOT a political movement and should not be associated as such. This is pure evil/hate and nothing else. #charlotesville
You can do better, Senator.
You really can. Stop worrying about offending white supremacists in your state. Just stop.
..... Why won't you say the words "White Supremacist"?
Been waiting hours to hear from you!

 
Ugh, finally some leadership.
We beg you in the Senate and Congress...Regardless of the outcome of the investigation, Trump is still incompetent! Please impeach now!
Veterans to impeach trump now      please remember how Hitler used his army  we veterans know what is up to  time to impeach
