Trump signs executive order on Affordable Care Act in his biggest action yet to undo the health-care law http://wapo.st/2i7s4V4 
@washingtonpost @goldsteinamy what a  you are. All @realDonaldTrump did was get rid of subsidies to Big Insurance.
It will increase competition between companies and lower rates. The same tactic worked for car insurance, so if you want fixed, fix it.
Make no mistake. This tweet is a lie and Mark Warner knows it. He just wants to control the narrative.
Nope. It's true. Donnie said he would. Repubs complicit.
Obamacare was already failing because it was built to fail (and ultimately lead to single payer). There never was any way to save it.
Nope.
Okay.
Congress must Stop @realDonaldTrump Stop @POTUS
We know that. Do something!!!!! The people and senate do not want this. He can’t rule by royal decree but he is.
You need to educate yourself better! It's called executive order sweetie and every PRESIDENT has used it since George Washington...
@POTUS  @KellyannePolls @foxandfriends  so the LIBs,  DNC and media all start their crap with  " Make no mistake about it"   look at tweets
Republican voters are equally affected by this careless act. Don't sacrifice the health of your family for politics. Do the right things.
Declaration of war against America. Putin’s order?
Seriously did you read it? Be the example
Trumps putins wet dream
Very true! What can we do??
And what have you done to make it work.  NOTHING.
Trump's Pet SEAL Barks w/delight/takes vacation week while millions lose coverage. Parents/Children/Vets Trust Betrayed by @Scotttaylorva
Sic, please he is destroying america
The GOP attacks have already destabilized most small hospitals. Most are on hiring freezes and cutting benefits of employees, dropping care.
Please do more to get rid of Trump! He is destroying our country tweet by tweet. Thank you!
#25thAmendmentNow
Your implementation of ACA caused the destabilization DUMMY!!
https://www.facebook.com/ralph.northam/posts/1601239926637379?comment_id=1602358606525511&comment_tracking=%7B%22tn%22%3A%22R9%22%7D …
Do not negotiate with him Senator!
Trump is the most evil man in modern day America
Obamacare is a failed policy. Now liberals are saying that it's Trumps fault. Whatever happens Obamacare doesn't work. Be honest
So, what can be done?
Build wall, require e-verify, punish sanctuary cities, eliminate chain migration - MUCH more to be done. Become accustomed to being a loser
Mark Warner ignores rising premiums and insurors quitting to lie to Virginians about healthcare. Insurance they can't afford is NO CARE!
Are the actions he has taken even lawful?
#WTF @clairecmc they sell #Rubbers in truck stops for 50cent,thats Birth control,or is Government #Obamecare 2 buy your #Douchbags too? #WTH
Help
Karma would demand that the first ppl adversely affected by this atrocity have stupid red hats in their closet. Sadly doesn’t work like that
Can't wait til your out of office.  TRAITOR
Democrats have already destabilized the insurance market
We need to repeal Obama care, it is driving up insurance premiums as to where sane Americans can't afford health care. Way to go Trump!
It will actually help create competition which will bring down prices.
Make sure u call it #trumpcare bc #ACA #sabotage is owned by @gop and @potus who refuse2listen2docs,patients,hospitals,insurers
Please don't let trump kill us. I have pre-existing conditions.
What are YOU going to do about it?
Get him out! Get him out!
Too bad they reminded him that he forgot to sign it. Talk about White House Adult Daycare.
This is what the country needs. It is impossible to get and afford insurance .  My insurance just doubled this past week. Wake up!
I try to be charitable, but @realDonaldTrump is looking more and more like an agent of deliberate evil with each passing day.
That’s not factual at all
Make no mistake...it's the Russians!
That is Trump's intentions. It's trumpcare now, he owns it ...
And drive up health insurance costs, which #Trump can then blame on #Obamacare.
Get him out!  25th Amendment SOON
Sen Warner, please help stop his madness. Out here in America, it feels like our country is putty in his hands. I'm at panic level 9 of 10.
@joemamma_1 which is exactly what he intends
@joemamma_1 so we sit here Trump kicks millions off of HC and CAUSES Ocare to implode ALL bc the rich need billions more!   
So DO SOMETHING about it.
Wow, there was almost some emotion there.  Good grief.
DT's ordering death.He's trying to find pple to kill b/c he's headed to prison to rot& die there& upset about it.Thinks no laws apply to him
How about we hurry up on that investigation & start this whole impeachment process. #ImpeachTrump
Yep! It's wht Trump & GOP want. Don't care about ppl. The ppl w/pre-existing conditions cost 2 much! Cheaper for them 2 die. #NMAGA
I am feeling that it will be futile to hope you are wrong.
Still polishing your resume with the basement dwellers?
QUIT OBSTRUCTING
If you think Obamacare is so great then give up your unconstitutional plan and enroll.
I guess you read all of the affordable care act and understand why it was doomed to fail?. Thank God Trump is doing something about it 
more choices, lower prices, & tailored benefits.. the horror!  these things plus health association plans should've been available all along
Only C to E? How about Zeichi-Ceide syndrome? Or AIDS?
Yes Trump seems to be tearing this country apart, Little by little his stupidity is shocking
Never here in my country Achtung Baby!
How is this allowable when it is so undermining to our people's safety and welfare?
isn't there a judge that can halt it?
Guberment schooled? Read the Constitution
At some point the federal government loses legitimacy and we need to figure out how to actually govern. China is laughing at our weakness.
Trump wants to replace the ACA with Jared Kushner and his brothers insurance co. Google it Please RETWEET what u find!
I don’t believe you. When premiums go down and people now are able to acquire insurance I will tweet your lie
There has to be a way to stop this.  Americans have made it clear we support the ACA with a bipartisan fix. @GOP needs to wake up.
Trump really cares about Americans
More than sabotage, This is trump being king. What happened to the other branches of government? The GOP put their heads up their asses and look the other way. The GOP is as guilty of Treason as our president. #ImpeachTrumpNow
looks like executive orders aren't as popular as they were a few years ago 
We are holding #POTUS accountable! See GoFundMe to contribute to placing @realDonaldTrump on Mt Rushmore.
http://www.ebay.com/itm/292274149398?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1558.l2649 …
Enact Medicare for All.
Can you sue?  The Republicans filed suit after suit over the ACA, you should do the same. #Repairnotrepeal #TrumpLiesMatter #SaveLinda
Senator can there be a class action law suit of Americans that can sue the President for trying to dismantle the ACA Law?
#25thThe45thNOW And his entire administration of traitors
So, no ideas again.  Just more Democrat FUD (Fear Uncertainty & Doubt) from ppl who haven't any ideas.  Are you going to start contributing?
Quit your lying
It's trump care now. He changed it so has his name on it. So you know who yo blame when it fails !
S.O.S. Senator! Anyone who is diagnosed in past up until the time this goes into effect will have a pre-existing condition. Eczema to cancer
All should be voted out. The @GOP continues to support the disaster in the WH. No legislation, just EOs. #FailedPresident #SpinelessGOP
Well,then, end it. Seems like the only correct thing to do.
This program should be referred from now on as "Trumpcare"!  This is no longer the program as it existed under the previous administration.
Robert Mueller we need you to hurry and come through!
Can't take much more of this circus being led by an incompetent, insensitive man!
I used to think you were the statesman this country needed.  Turns out you’re a partisan hack  just like the rest.  Disappointing
How can he be stopped? A couple of days ago, a drug I had been taking for years that was covered under ACA went from @$15 to $69. Didn't get
Hope you're not looking for sympathy. My meds are $625 per month under Obamacare.
U sabotage Americans
The priority of our leadership s/b getting this @POTUS out of office as quickly as possible. Nothing the #FakePresident does is legitimate.
"if you like your plan or doctor you can keep them" and other such #ACA fairy tale nonsense
Make no mistake: you are deluded.
Bull Hillary!!!
Put a fucking sock in it pencil neck
Only thing affected is the amount big insurance companies donate to democrats
It's now Trumpcare's less.
Make no mistake this is genius and will open up competition driving premiums down. Don't you have some Russia stuff you can go work on?
It's time for brutal outrage. No more political games or politeness. Please rally some of your GOP colleagues to start the 25th!
Politeness? Surely you jest.
What is it going to take for the GOP/cabinet to deal with Trump? We don't have time for investigations.  He's intentionally killing people.
Shame on them !!!!  No compassion for those suffering illnesses they live with daily.
Go cry to mommy lol
And insinuating pulling FEMA from PR. How long do we have to allow him to rip apart the country before someone exercises the 25th amendment?
YOU DEMS ARE HILARIOUS!
Come on Mark Get trump the hell out of our house
#fake
It only sabotaged the value of insurance lobbyists.  Which seems to be your bigger concern.
So allowing more choice and competition will destabilize the market? Really?
Let's stop him.  Do something.  Action Action.  Use a court order to block it!!!
It is now Trumpcare
Can’t someone please put him out of our misery???
AHAHAHAHA!!!! Your demented plan for eugenics, genocide & organ harvesting will soon be useless.
I love how warner fear mongurs and people crawl out to praise him. He is lying to public and trying to further his bid for higher office
How about filing lawsuits against this travesty instead hand wringing & do something!
Boy You're country is in pure cleaning mode..need sum lysol wipes kills 99.9% virus and bacterial.?? #USA no half steppin
Step up your intel investigation then! We’re waiting and can’t wait much longer.
looks like the orange fucked up again #FuckTrump
Single-payer ObamaCare is. Big Government Monopoly.
This will turn the #ACA into a high risk pool.
Let me guess! We hard Working Americans are paying for your insurance. Go to work
Why can’t the Dems do something?
What are you doing to help??
As a card carrying member of the Soros-Clinton-Obama Corruption Syndicate you know ObamaCare was a direct violation of anti-trust statutes.
Trump is pure evil.
the insurance #sabotage is #obamacare that YOU voter for, continue to support and made yourself exempt from. #liar
One of my friends' premiums just went up to $30K per year starting 2018 b/c of destabilization in the healthcare market. We'll all suffer.
The president just signed this, there is no way you can atribute this increase to what he has done, this was going to happen no matter what.
You helped pass this crap sat on your butt and complained but did nothing to fix so dont have a leg to stand on.
I don’t believe your hyperbole Senator Warner. I think you are only concerned that Obama’s legacies are being dismantled.
Yep. Ppl are going to flood the emergency departments and we will see the number of bankruptcies due to health care increase
Thanks, Sen. Warner.
Please help pass #MedicareForAll and expand coverage in #Virginia
Says @MarkWarner , who is exempt from ACA. One system for lawmakers, and another system for their subordinates.
#Equality #Hypocrisy
#25THAMENDMENTNOW TRUMP'S mentally ill and dangerous to America.
IMPEACH
Keep yelling for us, Sen. Warner. I feel so powerless. My 20-something children, who got some relief from ACA, are going to take this hit!
Or He's fixing the sabotage of healthcare and your praying it doesn't work
You guys HAVE TO CONTROL THIS NARRATIVE. Make Trump OWN this failure. Many ppl are going to be hurt. DO NOT LET THE GOP blame this on ACA!
like obama owns the aca? ok. good trade.
Exactly , this is treason aimed to hurt the most vulnerable among us. tRump&Co are a domestic terrorist CO. ( allegedly) IMPEACH/INDICT!!!!
@tburages WE KNOW!! Convenient after golf w/ Lindsey G. Monday.
My thought also. It was right after that when he spewed that crap about making the decision "with the pen" or whatever. Sickening.
Mr. Warner, sane Americans are pleading with our people in DC to remove our Lunatic in Chief. He is letting people in #PuertoRico die.
He is dividing our country. He is tearing everything apart. He's insane. DO SOMETHING BEFORE WE'RE IN A NUCLEAR WAR! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!!
bot
Too little to late.  Get 25th ammen started he even forgot to sign the EO
I need to google sycophants. I have no idea what that is.
Undoing itself the last few years
can't you do something to help us??
So get a backbone stand up to Donald Duck
Please take 5 minutes to Call Congress
202-224-3121
tell them to vote No on #TrumpTaxScam Insist they stand Up against Trump's BS!
Seems and unstable now
