Senator ... We are appalled at Dems !  We have convened our families. 167 members..All Irish!  Never Dems
why?? They fought Obama 8 yrs. Now in power and going to rape and pillage as much as they can as quickly as they can. (1/2)
then go to work!
you have had enough time to ask the important questions!!!  It's not your job to slow things down in Washington!!!
that was fine for obstructionist GOP senators for the last 8 years, though, right?
your drunk on kool-aid Gillian
*you're.
I know you know about this but I'm concerned about McConnell moving on removing the supermajority requirement for SCOTUS noms
congress should be limited to one term that way all these guys would do their damn job instead of worrying about next election
we elected you as a bridge builder  to make government work. Stop being an obstructionist.  Approve the nominees.
If you were doing your job, they wouldn't have had to do it. Stop acting like a spoiled child. Do what we pay you to do.
vote no on these hacks.
why didn't you bother to show up to ask questions. Boycotting is theft of salary. Work for your pay.
McConnell allowing mockery to be made of US Senate. Party over country. Shameful, no proper vetting.
Astonishing & cowardly that some D's would give US foreign policy to Tillerson/Exon/Russion given known priorities. U R out!
Do something #SenatorResist tell @SenateGOP that you will #FilibusterEverythingElse #ifTheyDontNegotiateNow
why dems done it to get ovummers through
Stand up Speak out
@indivisibleVA05 Astonishing you're 1 of 3 dems to vote YES on #Tillerson. Do you even *want* to be reelected? We won't forget.
.@foreverresearch he IS representing constituents, "egg", go back to your Siberian clickfarm, troll. why u hiding? @MarkWarner #resist
In real world you don't show up for work world keeps spinning #bepresent make argument #copout
What is the point of having rules if you just change the rules?
Dems need to stop being "astonished" and get ahead of GOP, anticipate moves, control the narrative, play the game, be dirty too.
why did you vote for Tillerson?!  Why do I have to question your vote?!  Unacceptable.  #sad
@cdbachy astonishing and unprecedented that you'd confirm a ghoul like Rex tillerson for sos.
is it astonishing?
you can thank Harry Reid, Mark. He left us quite a mess
that's what happens when ppl don't show up for work. You can't boycott meetings then act outraged when things happen without you
so disappointed in your numerous Yes votes. You're handing over our country to white supremacists  & unqualified opportunists
You apparently are not taking the hostile government takeover very seriously. Thanks for voting R...you're gone too!
You're really surprised after their behavior over the last 8 years?  Please!
Do what you can to slow this down.  I don't think the "pick your battles" approach will work.
If you did your job instead of act like a 2 year old you wouldn't have anything to complain about. #noshowwhining
Our Democracy is rapidly being dismantled. Open your eyes!  Emperor DJT and his cleptocracy of billionaires
yet you still voted in Tillerson for literally no purpose except for being a traitor to your party. Change your affiliation R.
- And you are voting for some cabinet picks to rape the land. We can't fix it with phone calls. Do.Your.Job.
Not all that astonishing, dude; your Tillerson vote had already sent clear signal of how etiolated is the Democratic Party.
please continue to be as vocal as possible. We are counting on you. Thank you.
Astonishing you'd support Tillerson!  You've lost my support #Tillersonconfirmation #ClimateChangeIsReal
Astonishing that you would go against fellow dems and vote to confirm Tillerson for the cabinet. What were you thinking?
What is astonishing is that you joined the Republicans in confirming Tillerson.  I will not forgive or forget your decision.
you forget this is exactly what the Democrats did when Obama was in office where is your problem
another coward.   All talk.   Voting like a sheep.  You can leave Washington as well.  I Will work against all of you cowards.
hold them to 30 full hours on the floor. We are not happy with Tillrrson vote and expect to see you fight the entire way.
so why did you vote yes on a crook?
Not nearly as astonishing as your Tillerson vote. Guess you're never running for president.
.@MarkWarner I find it astonishing and unprecedented your distress isn't stopping you from voting for every last one of his appointments.
Astonishing that you ignore the many outstanding Q's on Trump's Russia ties and confirm Tillerson.
.@MarkWarner can you explain why there were no dems there? I don't quite understand what happened.
why did you vote for Tillerson, do you have no soul?
you are done
Is there nothing you can do? When the best Cabinet pick is called "Mad Dog," it's bad. (So far Mattis is OK. Semper fi.)
But then you go and vote for Tillerson. You can't flip flop like this Warner. Stand form. Grow some balls. #StandAgainst
I applaud the ban. It showed democratic solidarity. Outcome would have been the same. Keep fighting for us!
They have not played by the rules for over 8 years.  Why would they start now?
It's even more astonishing & unprecedented that no Dems showed and the committee had to do this to get work done. GROW UP!
Tillerson really?  Represent your constituents
SHAMEFUL that you voted for Tillerson! How much did @Exxon pay you?
What's astonishing is your confirmation vote 4 Rex Tillerson, friend of Russia and Big OIL.  Progressives are watching. #RESIST
Astonishing that you would vote yes on Tillerson.
was coming here to say the same thing
you voted for Tillerson you traitor
if the Dems were on the job instead of partying in their office the R s would not have had to move forward.  Do the job or quit!
what's astonishing is that you voted to approve Tillerson #Fail
Traitor.  You voted yes on Tillerson.  Get ready to lose your seat, if we're all still around to vote you out in 2 years.
rule changes wont matter if dems cross and vote so whats exxon and tillerson paying you
We no longer live in a democracy. @realDonaldTrump and the @SenateGOP have destroyed it.
Do not vote yes on a single one of his nominations. Defend our people, constitution, and land please!
"Astonishing" = voting for Friend of Putin for SOS for Putin-loving dt WHILE under investigation for RUS ties! Disgusted!
I look forward to supporting any progressive challengers in VA. A vote for Tillerson is indefensible #VoteThemOut @FernBrew
It's not astonishing at all, to anyone paying attention and taking it seriously. STEP UP.
WHY Tillerson? You let AMERICA down!
You voted for Tillerson. Shame on you, Russian puppet
And yet you vote Yes on #Tillerson ? What the hell?
You owe your constituents an explanation on your vote for Rex Tillerson- his ties to Russia, climate change denials merit a NO.
yes, but even more outstanding is your vote to support big oil, and Putin's buddy. Where is the Dem unity?
.@MarkWarner astonishing and unprecedented that you have voted yes on nearly every Trump appointee
Astonishing that you would vote Yes on Tillerson. Disgusting capitulation to Trump. Hope you have more spine on Gorsuch.
then why did you just vote yes on Tillerson? Way to legitimize this behavior.
what recourse is there?
What is astonishing is that you voted yes for Tillerson.
Please push back.
Why do you care when you're voting for them anyway. Somebody needs to primary you. On-going Tillerson vote:
stop delaying progress and get behind president Trump's agenda or you will have no job.
Also astonishing that you would vote for Rex Tillerson. Disappointed 
Please continue to stand firm at the R's attempts to make over the USA into an unfriedly place to be (unless you are 1 of them)
Not fucking astonishing. Expected. Now get it together with the rest of the dems and DO SOMETHING ABOUT before you are obsolete.
Why did they boycott? Do your jobs and show up. We're paying you to work not throw temper tantrums.
Show up for work like the rest of us.
Show up and ask your questions then. #NotMySenator
I'm glad l. If you were trying to get real answers and stop posturing, they wouldn't have had to. We want solutions that work.
what can Dems do about that?
Dems made similar changes when they were in power. Why all the issues now?
Liar! You should have been present at your committee meetings. You don't care about Virginians. You put party over Virginians.
You didn't have enough room to say "disgusting" and "unDemocratic".. but it is. We're losing our democracy one item at a time.
then why did u vote yes on 5 of his other noms?
Astonishing that you would advance Tillerson. Despicable.
Just like Obama's last minute funding of Palestine? Just like D's last minute, oh forget it. The list is too long for Twitter.
Let this be a lesson to you.  They only work with you if they need you, not when it is something a Democrat needs.
Call these senators to protest.  Here are the members
https://www.finance.senate.gov/about/membership … See my list of senator contact phone #s on thread
Senator contact phone list:
US Senators' phone list (DC Ofc)
Area code = (202)
First 3 digit of ph # = 224
http://Senate.gov  for District Ofc phone #s #Senate 
I'm more frightened than I've ever been in my life about the lack of a moral compass, ethics, and integrity they have exhibited.
they learned these actions from Harry Reid.
@meg_gruber they've continued to do what they did during Obama's presidency - time to stop being on the fence and lead!
can anything slow down this runaway train?
It looks as though you have voted Yea on the nominees so far so what difference does it make? FIGHT NOW!
If there were a # of outstanding Qs, Dems should have shown up to ask them.
let's get going
Bet on that! I've already helped @RepDaveBrat unseat Cantor. Don't assume you're safe there, Mark!
They're both turds. Well done!
Someone needs attention 
Aww bad day?
my day is fab, little man.
Yeah, i see you've got a lot of free time to troll. What, no marches to attend? Your insults are feckless btw
#superdelegates changed the rules to pass #ACA and you didn't even know what was in it
I'm confused about something: did you vote to pass all of Trump's nominees???
sorry to hear that you were outmaneuvered welcome to the new game. Sharpen your skills!
really when the Dems don't even show up for work to boycott. Shouldn't surprise you. Get with the program so we can advance.
Isn't there anything that can be done to stop this dictatorship?
We need you to stand strong and united with Democrats to stop trump and GOP do not be a traitor to party NAY TILLERSON & PRUITT
feels like USA is lawless. What's the plan for Not Politics as Usual?
Nothing surprises me unfortunately. What is left of our democracy?
of course they did all you guys do is obstruct obstruct obstruct
... McConnell has no interest in comity, and # of reasonable R Senates <half a dozen.
.. u r a bright man. By now u shld realize there is no compromise possible, they want total surrender.  .... more
uy r u surprised given what they did 2 Garland & what they promised on a Clinton SCOTUS pick? Open your eyes.   ....more
I fear they'll do this every time. Every pick is a shoe in at this point
Astonishing is not the word. Brazen disregard for the rules. Our govt is broken We are in the throes of a coup.
astonishing and unprecedented to boycott committee? In VA's best interest to show yourself Democrat 1st - Virginian 2nd?
have a feeling @TheDemocrats need to have a plan for as many unprecedented moves as possible. They're going to play all of them.
this is going to be a rough 2 years
so where are the elected officials who took oaths to keep our country running constitutionally? Can't keep changing the rules
It's time for limit terms for all the Lifers!
Term limits...
Sometimes you have to admit your mistakes and move on.  You shouldn't have voted for the "nuclear" option.
Astonishing that you would vote to confirm a #Nazi #Putinspuppet to represent the US. He's a Russian puppet What's wrong w/U?
you must do SOMETHING
Unprecedented, yes. Astonishing? I'm afraid not. Keep fighting for us!
Yes??
it's not astonishing. Decorum/rules gone (for now) & has been trending that way for 6 yrs. expect worst & fight w/ what you got
have staff assemble bill of particulars of  violations to Senate comity. I promise it will take longer to read than bladder can
Ds must find leverage.
You failed to mention that you refused to attend the meeting for two days in a row.
Astonishing that you didn't attend the meeting.
what is the plan now?
what can we do to make a difference? U r representing me and couldn't stop it.  The ball is on our court!
Will they also thwart a thorough investigation of Russia's intrusion into our election?
I am beyond angry that they did this and against a majority of the people!  Unconscionable.  What do we do?
You have to show up to ask questions.
so what's the game plan?
NOT astonishing ... WRONG !!
Democrats need to do something to stop them, what are you doing besides tweeting?
