Striking from Sen. @MarkWarner on Twitter's testimony: "deeply disappointing” and "inadequate on almost every level" https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/twitter-finds-hundreds-of-accounts-tied-to-russian-operatives/2017/09/28/6cf26f7e-a484-11e7-ade1-76d061d56efa_story.html …
Hundreds? I've charted thousands, including the Ahmed series, the Mohamed series... Oh, and I might have done a few password resets on them

And @Twitter, as it's easy to track them, I assume 1) You have incompetent data Scientists or 2) you're fraudulently driving up valuation
Every minute, of every hour of every day
IDEAS: 
1.Facebook needs to add option to 'report' BOTS & Trolls.
2. Also option to 'report' FAKE NEWS esp those that link to 'legit' MSM webpage then converts to fake.
3. Talk to folks that experienced relentless BOT/Troll propaganda. (Lies, Vile Hate, Division, Deceit)

Thanks!
ext. to twitter (maybe as browser-plugins) users need an independent way to tag other accounts, annotate behavior, associations, etc.
... need way to track over time; nobody can evaluate a user just looking at profile because profiles can be faked. Behavior is spoofed.
we need to be able to annotate our personal evaluation of others' reputation without interference from community (which can be gamed).
And yet they're focused on 280 character expansion
Let Mueller take over. I bet they will take it serious then
He's a little busy right now...
Yeah with a bogus investigation started by a lie. special counsel is corrupt just like Warner... this whole Russian collusion is bs.
Bot.
Liberal kook
Mueller Mueller Mueller
Do they follow @realDonaldTrump on twitter?
They don't care! What they care about is their bottom line.
One more note, you know how many Canadian friends I have that were pushing Anti-Trump propaganda via Facebook?  What about them?
With respect Sir, what are you doing about this problem now? Trump is quite literally gaining about 100k followers per 24 hours this week.
Did you ever think that maybe they are a big part of this circus? It's 45s communication main tool.
And that comment I find stunning. It's the difference between innovators and business people. The latter know that data matter.
I can't find a statement from @Twitter about the hearing. In their minds this is a problem that does not exist.
@Twitter doesn't want to know is more apropos.
When Russia's influence changes who we pick for our leaders WE HAVE LOST!  Control of our democracy weakens. Russian picked for key DOJ spot
Please investigate fake news that is still being shown on @YouTube. They had a huge role as well.
That would be naive.
FB employees used to joke that they could
"sell the entire election to the highest bidder".
They're computer geeks. Watch Big Bang Theory.
It's still happening. This isn't just an election issue. The Russians appear to be using social media to amplify our divisions.
This is a witch hunt. It’s the same with an electrician signing off on a house. If they want to find something wrong, they can and will.
Said a bot
You would think Twitter could come up with a way to identify bots and delete them. Aren't these tech people the smartest in the country?
If you have seen the ads in question, you would realize that they weren’t really backing Trump at all.
Yes, having a good economy would be terrible for the Democrats getting re-elected! The more on welfare..the better!
Please put them wise.
I hope someone's building a better, new platform to replace Twitter.
OH THEY DO. ITS THE MONEY LEBOWSKI. PEOPLE HAVE BEEN TROLL/bot reporting and hunting for years.
1) (THREAD) @MarkWarner. No, #Twitter doesn't care. Yes, it's a serious problem, more than most understand. 200 suspensions are a joke.
2) Greetings Senator, Tek Knowledge, #USTrollArmy, #BotMaster, #InfamousPirate, representing my group STEMI/O, we have folks in Washington.
3) I am here to assure u that u are correct, but it gets much worst. It's not in #Twitter's interests to help you, and this is nothing new.
4) As a music performer, I always hated having to practice these Blackhat, SEO, Botting techniques. But that's what they ALL do.
5) T.V. stations, celebrities of all kinds, even politicians pay for fake hype...bots, Mr. Senator. Almost half of everything is bullshit.
6) Suspending 200 is a joke, there r thousands more. The paid trolls like things like "Disqus" under online news articles. Twitter has bots.
7) My group has many lists of Bots  & Trolls.  We hunt them, using free & paid tools, & expose their tactics. All 200 means, is bunk.
Really....TELL THEM....Again and again and again!!!!
If @Twitter gave a they would have banned Donny and all hate groups a long time ago. And would have done something about the Russian bots.
@Twitter is a publicly traded company. All they care about is ad revenue and earning reports.
correct: 'member when Ashley Madison was hacked? 23 million female accounts were fake? That was their business model. NPC's.
They don't care to understand.
Frankly I don't think they CARE how serious this problem is
They don’t care
They don’t care
And again, @twitter doesn’t care
In conclusion
libertarians are insufferable 30 year old teenagers
Are you speaking of Nick Pacilio?
We are the commodity. As normal consumers in the modern world, we become products for Facebook, Twitter, Equifax, etc.
Senator...you are correct. And the problem is even more serious than you understand. @Twitter has allowed our country to be attacked.
Twitter loves Trump & Russia. Both bring in increased traffic and advertising. Which increases Twitter value.
They still haven't stopped the bots
They absolutely do not. My first letter to Mark Zuckerberg was sent on November 15th, 2016. I'd love to share it with you.
@SenWarner: ^^^ this guy!
They do. But Twitter will not bite the hand that feeds them. I'm sure you know Russia invested $800 million in twitter @SenFeinstein
Dear Congress: Has Twitter moved our user data to RU servers? Danger!! @senatedems @RepSwalwell @RepAdamSchiff @SenSchumer @AGSchneiderman
Divide up google/Facebook monopolies....it’s like Obamacare...no competition to lower cost and provide opportunities....
Say that you'll oppose @AjitPaiFCC's confirmation. A vote for him is a vote to ruin the Internet. #netneutrality #firepai
Oh yeah they do.  They put money before our democracy/republic.  Twitter was going belly up.  Zuckerberg funds CPAC.
I think they understand. I think they are willing participants.
Senator: They understand all too well. If you haven't already, take a look at Russia's 2011 investment in Twitter. Just might be one of the factors.
They do, they simply don't care. Money is the only thing that matters.
@iamfonda And, they really don't care. These are nerds who don't give a crap about anything, except their toys & snacks
One perfect way to handle Putin, pull the Internet in!That's right babe,he gets no internet connection,cut him off
Even better,cut Putin's internet connection off permanently! It's a sanction that cuts it to infinity, frozen,buh bye
Don't you think the testimony from some in DT group "deeply dissapointing" ? Seems they get soft treatment
They dont use their product. They should be forced to read every @ until doomsday.
My impression is they do not CARE and are extremely arrogant as they continue same behavior. All the while, try to rationalize it to public.
They know. We know. They know we know. We know they know we know. They just need a little incentive.
Clearly, when brains were issued you were last in line
Twitter's mismanagement of anonymous accounts literally helped cause a global crisis.
I think it already has. No DOJ and no accountability for any of these crimes means the swamp monsters are in charge.
or...they (FB, Twit, etc) see opportunities to exploit for their own gains.
Please info @realDonaldTrump too
@SarahTheNasty respectfully Senator, I think they do and that is the larger problem. Keep digging!
Agreed. Thanks for sounding the alarm bell.
Why is our #congress ALWAYS reactionary vs #proactive ?  Worst healthcare, tax code a joke, and military in disarray. How long 2 react 2 AI?
Make them understand. And perhaps it’s time for a special commission
Frankly it's your job along with congress and the various three letter agencies to be sure THEY DO UNDERSTAND. #DoYourJob
.
i couldn't agree more. do your jobs - and don't blame $TWTR or $FB
.
The #bot problem @Twitter has moved from the press to the legislative @jack @ev @biz @peterfenton @Alwaleed_Ta I told you this was coming.
Thanks for focusing on this. We need to change the relationship. They can't be regulated like the telephone industry.
Mark @jack has been notified by the @twitter community for a while now. I don't know if their investors are RU but lack of action disturbing
It’s Congress a visit to we do nothing land
Seems like they don't WANT to understand.
Go get em, Senator!
Hell, if the hypocritical @MarkWarner truly understood or followed Twitter he would have blocked me by now! DR
It's almost like the Tech companies don't feel like the rules apply to them.
That sounds familiar. Aren't there some other people in the news that feel that way, too? 

…give me a minute I know it'll come to me…
willful ignorance!
They are not ignorant of course, they don't want to admit the magnitude of the problem
Take a look at Google news too. Spotlights anti-Clinton news from trash site The Daily Caller
People on Twitter have been telling them this since last year. They choose to ignore this information. They do know.
All due respect, Senator, Silicon Valley is stocked with visionaries who can see the marketplace yrs out. They understand. 
Or they do.....and.....
Correction sir: @jack doesn't give af as long as the numbers look good i.e. Bots
They know Sir.  They just don’t want to admit it or fix it.  They need to feel the full impact of criminal investigation
Or more likely, the understand very well and don't want to admit it.
Or they do, and they simply don't care.
Just this morning Assange is tweeting Russian propaganda source rt accusing Facebook of colluding with Podesta. @Twitter doesn't care about ethics/abuse.
they have to see it. millions of us see it. how can they NOT see it except via willful cognitive dissonance?
I think that, with their attitude, they are attempting to convince all of us that this is no big deal.  All about perception.
Many of us on twitter find and report them daily, easy to spot one you know how. THOUSANDS, not 200!
Thank you sir for helping in this fight. Would love Twitter fillled without bots
Imagine that they are concerned about the stock price if half the users disappeared just because they were bots
There are Russian spies under your bed
It sounds more like they don't care!
How do I know you're not a dupe of Russian dissidents?
This is the penultimate moment when you & Sen. Burr will decide whether you will let witnesses talk on their own terms or truthfully answer.
They don't know or is it that they don't care? I'm guessing the second one.
I don't think Twitter understands much more than how to turn the lights on.
They do, that's the point. FB too. #Complicit
Hey @Twitter here's an example of a Russian who hijacked my email address to create an account FOUR DAYS after DJT announced his candidacy
@markfollman If those of us who use Twitter do, how could they not?
Frankly we think they *do* know and they have been caught. Don't relent!
The scandal of the 2016 election is 1) the Obama Administration spying on & unmasking Trump aides and 2) the Democratic Party colluding with the mainstream media. Neither of which do you care about. #DoubleStandards
keep saying it. Nonstop. Make us understand
I support new federal rules when It comes to social media. @Twitter won't even embrace an easy fix like enhanced multi-teir authentication.
Thank you for helping them understand.
Freedom of speech and thought is great, until you lose an election.....
Too bad @jack #JackWontDoShit about the bots because it's all about his money.
Democrats are the most corrupt and utterly morally bankrupt group in the history of US politics
Facebook knowingly suppressed conservative views and touted liberal views in their feed yet you are unconcerned.
Twitter has hundreds of millions of accounts and you're concerned about a few Rogue Russian tweeters?
I don't see any interest in investigating the fact that the DNC is completely corrupt and Debbie Wasserman Schultz should be in jail
There is no problem you idiot. You guys just cook this up because you're sore losers
Oh, I'm sure they know. They just care more about their bottom line than they do about our democracy.
They have a strong economic incentive to not get it, sir.
The hubris in the social media/tech industries is blinding.
Well, boo hoo! get a life Mark. You're just part of a corrupt democratic government. You're actually "THE PROBLEM!"
worse, i dont think @jack cares.
@MarkWarner
Has IC made them aware of how their platforms might have been used? 
Seems they and IC shld sit down togeher 4 a serious talk.
Or they do understand how serious it is and just don't want the rest of us to know.
I dont think they care
You might try explaining the seriousness of the problem to Twitter and the public!
Please don't give up - don't stop what you are doing.  We cannot survive this happening again.  Hopefully we will survive this nightmare
But you guys are moving too slow to expose and fix it. This world has out paced #Congress ability to act in time to make a difference
Or they don't care. Or worse, they care but their allegiance is to the other side.
Dishonest @MarkWarner did not disclose that Russian Twitter & Facebook ads were pro-Democrat
@markfollman @washingtonpost Developers don't appreciate the government telling them they missed a security problem.
Now it's serious? Where were you 3 years ago? Democrats allowed it & now you look for a patsy. #Inept
#GameOnVa
The only people colluding w/the Russians were Obama & the Democrats.
Uranium One, Crimea, Russian alliance w/Iran/Syria, Ukraine, Flight 17.
You're pathetic and your party is subversive and corrupt. Your lies are blatant. Your incompetence profound.
#GameOnVa
How serious is it? Is it as serious as this: https://www.alternet.org/media/editorial-googles-threat-democracy-hits-alternet-hard …? How about working on the real threats to our media freedoms?
2 bad #CrookedHillary was inadequate on every level  #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
They'd miraculously understand if it happened under Pres Obama.  Those morons understand perfectly well, just won't take responsibility.
I don't think any of you or the press took it seriously a year ago.  All of you complicit.
You are being too nice
I agree. Yet we've just signed an understanding with Putin's government to include them in #DeepSpaceGateway. Have they earned this?
I've seen msg aft msg begging Twitter to do something abt these accts. They've known abt them because they've bn reported. It's abt $$.
ALL the platforms understand completely. They just don't want to accept any responsibility for it or lose any profits from it.
http://www.breitbart.com/big-journalism/2017/09/28/nolte-cnn-reports-russian-facebook-ads-promoted-black-lives-matter/ … via DuckDuckGo for Android
They should care about their country and want to help on this.
They have also used You Tube and posted as Anonymous too.
That's a charitable interpretation.
I think @twitter @jack does understand & doesn't want to do the hard legwork. PLEASE KEEP UP EVERY PRESSURE! THE RUSSIAN BOTS R UBIQUITOUS
They think it's funny. The white man's rage over his dethroning isn't only a game for the commoner or your standard deplorable.

And it's still going on in a massive way. It needs to stop and can we get Twitter to suspend Trumps account so we all don't die pleeez!
Right?...
Agree with your  Twitter comment. My Twtr account was taken over online and Twtr response was "that happens." They are clueless on issues.
You might want to check, very high percentage of potus's followersR either purchased or bots
I block dozens of bots daily, & I'm not on much
For realz!
I don't think pretending Hillary lost because of Twitter should get airtime. She was a bad candidate.
@markfollman @lizzadwoskin

Wonder why? 
@markfollman @lizzadwoskin
They understand. They just don't want to cooperate; trying to avoid regulation. Hopefully you will keep after them!

This has been obvious since last year, and no one did anything.
We do, thank you Mr Warner for your persistence
Or we all know that you are an over-dramatic, pathological liar who has usurped impotent @SenatorBurr's control over ur lying Committee
I’m sure @Twitter execs know exactly what is going on
@AdamSchiffCA It seems Twitter could also do more to stop fake accounts from appearing like John Doe promoting political stands or opinions.
The problem with the Twitter and Facebook inventors they are young and don't remember the cold war that we lived and had to hide under desks
Or they know more and are deflecting and playing dumb??
I just saw your comments.Recommend checking Periscope (connected to twitter)There was obvious signs of major bots & trolls  same time period
Considering the extraordinary amount of wealth that Facebook and Twitter make off of our country, perhaps some REAL economic fines are due
Billions of dollars... Millions are peanuts to these companies

Wonder why? 
Do you mean the seriousness of democrats never holding power again?

Wonder why? 
Russia did much more damage than anyone knew abt,so hope ur down 4 some stronger payback bc they're still at it, so something isn't working
@jack I am not American but even I can see that the Senator is giving you a pretty strong hint. Investigate deep & fast or else...
: Globalization is the tide and this is its waves. Want it to stop? Stop trying to control the world.
They know. Just like GOP they took the money now covering themselves slow rolling&stalling the truth the selling out of  #Complicit
They do sir. They just DGAF.
Perhaps they believe there will be no consequences for them
Got a magnifying glass handy? Espy Russian election influencing via FB here. The other $960 million (10,000X more) didn't influence anyone! - @DA_Stockman #Fakebook #Facebook
Oh, they know!
They completely understand. $ talks.
Frankly, I do not think most of the nation understands this either and it is your responsibility to educate us all please
They won't care until finances or ideology are affected.
Stay on them Senator!
Twitter  and Facebook were only concerned about making money
Or else they're confident gop congress will do absolutely NOTHING about it. Why would that be?
Neither does Trump or the GOP
They feel protected by the Trump WH. Why shouldn't they? We're seeing the biggest conspiracy/treason ever & yet no one's faced consequences.
US Election subverted by Russian cyber warfare. Trump, Admin, Cabinet .@VP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr all guilty. Legs, apptmts 2 b reversed
- Frankly, I don't think you understand how Twitter, or reality for that matter, works. Only disappointed twitter didn't lie 4 u
Well, maybe u can use this to leverage more cooperation.  I snapped this today:
Twitter knows the Russian troll farms are taking over and it is complicit bc of Russian money flowing into it.
@markfollman @washingtonpost Incredibly disappointing. I expected @Twitter to be better than @facebook
Frankly I know you don't understand what a disaster the current administration is, and how the republicans are not acting in good faith.
You might be surprised to find that much of Twitter/Facebook disinformation originates with the Aussie alt-right and WLeak rather than RU
This has been noticeable for quite some time.
Twitter doesn't have the tools to prove that the source of the data was Russia or another source.   Hackers can use Vault7-Marble to spoof.
.Senator you soft-pedal this at your & our peril. THIS ISN'T ABOUT THEM "MISUNDERSTANDING" FFS. This is about ass-covering & profit.
oh they know.
I think Hillary should come up with a new revised edition of What Happen with your list of additional items to appended to her unending list
Require Digital Certificates for all accounts.
That's how Twitter/Facebook could STOP Russia from weaponizing them.
No more impersonation.
Block all bots and cyborgs. Automatic geotagging to country of origin.
Geotagging / geoblocking alone is easy to circumvent. TOR, ExpressVPN, and other methods.  Easy peasy, once you know how.
Russia also recruits people in other countries to create/control these accounts. Prob fake IDs. No real personal risk. No one gets caught
Require a cert issued from a CA though, one that requires verified valid ID, and its a different game.
Your social media account activity and abuses are now tied to your real identity - personal and for businesses.  True accountability.
Won't most netizens chafe at losing true anonymity/adding bureaucracy? Move to a new service located somewhere else?
The loss of anonymity would only be w/ the social media service. e.g. Twitter would know you, while your public profile is still anonymous.
Twitter knows the problem much better than you or any politician. Russia caught all off-guard. Twitter can handle it the best
Frankly I don’t think you understand the Internet. Focus on your payoffs from your lobbyist buddies
I think they do. There is some complicity with some upper level of Twitter.
Internet giants are utilities - they are essential services used by the majority of Americans. If they can't act responsibly, break them up.
Well, it might be that their continued existence relies on the President and the Meme Wars. And I’m not even being snarky.
Russia’s winning the Cyber War
Yes, and it's not even close. The fake news being propagated by bots and sympathizers has been disastrously effective.
Thank you for your persistence on this topic, senator.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foundations_of_Geopolitics …
@twitter here's some homework
You completely comprehend Senator, thanks for following the bouncing ball
Fake accounts were SO obvious (+ still are) - no or few followers/following, no photo or fake photo, etc. - completely ignored in 2016.
@FoxNews Who was in charge in 2016 and taking Silicon Valley $$ don't act surprised
Trust me the rest of us do.
Did you see this Mark??
@Policy @ColinCrowell MORE BAD NewsTwitter! http://ir.net/news/politics/127533/oxford-releases-shocking-findings-2016-election-twitter-bots/ …

How much Facebook, Twitter and other tech stock does Yuri Milner own? How about Theil?
