This literally says IN the photo this is a list of pre-existing conditions BEFORE ACA (obamacare) went into place in 2016. At least read ppl
Pregnancy. I thought these people WANTED women to have babies...
They are not pro life they are just anti abortion.
anti-choice. It's all about control. Over you, me, everyone.
Yeah, it's always been the women who have problems with control. Grow up Steve!
I think you might have mis-understood my post? I believe Trumpcare is anti-choice, etc.
It's fine. I was on a roll. It'e hard for me to joke the way I do on paper. Sorry..
no worries!! I'd like a Spring Roll...
I haven't seen anything about how the AHCA will effect mental health coverage, but I can't imagine it's good.
Not covered
At the bottom of the list in the small print, this says it's from pre-Dec 12, 2016? Does this apply to the new act?
change homeowner ins rules as well. If my house was on fire and the insurance company said I need to buy insurance b4 it burns its no fair
So a baby born with a life threatening condition should just deal? #Wow
Of course not should be covered under parents insurance or have medical care provided at a reduced cost.  Insurance is not med care.
but insurance companies will be able to charge parents CRAZY rates or deny their child
Unfortunate but what business wants to not earn a profit?
They have no prob with profits. But by all means...protect the poor multi-million $ corps...
Or they go bankrupt andthen who will pay for our care?  Ourselves.  I shudder to think what's going to happen when other people's runs out.
This is exactly why healthcare shouldn't be a business and why US care is trailing other dev nations
Not canada right? Cause that would affect me!
correct, not canada
Yeah ,But make insurance companies more profitable MAKES AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ,right
trump wants to pass this horrific bill so he can cut his taxes for himself and his family screw Americans and the rich benefit act up now.
Like, everyone with XX chromosomes.
"You should have thought of that before you decided to be born a woman!" ~ @GOP
"You should have thought of the costs before you irresponsibly decided to get a debilitating life-threatening congenital condition" –@GOP
"You should have thought of the cost of chronic illness but you're probably just lazy!" - @GOP
Hey guys, don't worry! The GOP is coming out with a cure all drug made of boot straps.  I'm sure we'll all be fine
Barrett's Syndrome
My 25 year old daughter was born with aortic stenosis.  She'll soon be 26 and off our insurance.  She'll never be able to afford premiums.
I guess being a #woman is a #preexistingconditon.
GOP hates average Americans.
The republican who voted for this heinous bill are murderers.
Are we talking about the coming recession as millions of healthcare providers experience a sudden drop in clientele/visits?
This is shameful.
Will all these exclusions now be part of the Medicaid Supplement policies too?  I thought seniors were safe but I fear they are not.
It's super cool how people old enough to be on Medicare never care about fellow citizens not yet old enough to be on Medicare. Super cool.
People ages 50-64 are the big losers.  Medicare doesn't want them, insurance companies don't want them.  GOP doesn't want them.
I have sleep apnea and asthma which is also a pre-existing condition.
Wait, being trans is a pre-existing condition that will allow them to NOT GIVE PEOPLE HEALTH INSURANCE??
AND having bipolar disorder, AND diabetes!!!!
Auughhh! I have those too!
I worked for Anthem BCBS in 2006-2013 trust me pre existing conditions are no joke! it will be death panels
@CNNPolitics @washingtonpost AARP is all Democrat
@MSNBC @dcexaminer they're all democrats
Erectile dysfunction is not on the list, they keep their viagra. @GOP
Does this include medicare? "Quadriplegic of 11 years from SCI"
It's the pregnancy that gets me. Who knew the way to create the next generation was a 'condition'?
so being human....basically
What is covered?!!!
I have sleep apnea so I am permanently screwed
Also the house bill as passed does not denypre existing conditions to anyone.
AARP lies through their teeth. That list is only a guide for ins cos. Also AARP got a waiver from OCaRe coverage. Hypocrites
Is ED a preexisting condition. Just asking. Especially since the old white guys are in charge of healthcare.
Maybe @HouseGOP men w/ wives shld never again have sex and risk creating a #PreexistingCondition. #AHCA #SundayMorning #DontNormalizeThis
The GOP "healthcare" is inhumane & idiotic. Consider, among many other problems: ppl who've sought drug/alcohol treatment punished for it!
You better not sell out to these bullshit artists who will try to bribe you.
So we R all angry! Will U now talk 2 that fellow  who grundgling vote 4 #Trump? I have & moved 10 to #moderates that lean conservative
It'll affect me! My premiums will finally come down
And erectile dysfunction isn't a pre-existing condition? Hmmmmmm
Handel supported this. #Flipthe6th for #Ossoff who is for equal and fair healthcare for all. #resist #GA06 #Gapol #voteyourossoff
even if it were *only* cancer and diabetes -- who doesn't know someone who has diabetes? Who's had cancer?
Fuck, and sleep apnea! Okay, fine, I'd be screwed. But pregnant women?!? And god, THAT LIST! Fucking EVIL.
As a diabetic, I'm...
I'm surprised they haven't included:  female, gay, black, hispanic, senior citizens and such fourth
%PayAttention and talk w/friends and family... be active in advancing  those who will work for your Health needs!
Pretty nearly affects ANYONE WHO BREATHES...but hey! That's not bad! IS IT? #NotMyPresident #NeverWas #NeverWillBe #GOPileTheMoneyOnTheRich
Pre-ACA, insurance companies could refuse to cover respiratory conditions if you'd had bronchitis or pneumonia before.

Quicker, probably, to list only what they do cover: anything that doesn't include illness or pregnancy. And Viagra.
WI’s Walker says he will implement higher premiums for people with pre-existing conditions. GOP Failure
Don't ever believe a repug
I'd like to know who put these in there. Must be the Ins Co's. GOP congress is too fucking dumb to pronounce most of these.
Insurance lobbies and their own pet peeves (i.e. Transexual) .
I think that's more a GOP congressman peeve. They are scared of sex because their "Mommy-Wives," tell them to be.
Sleep apnea????
That is what I thought. Of all the things...sleep apnea?
Hey, AARP, how do you feel now about that money you spent on those TV spots saying Trump promised? Maybe you should create a new one?
& C-Sections of which I HAD to have 3 & they take a long time to recover from & are scary enough. #Trump hates women & sick people.
Ugh
From the AARP who I frankly trust more to have our best interests in mind than the GOP:
Lest we forget ... DJT has acknowledged having "high cholesterol" ...
Can someone tell me what exactly does this HC plan cover?
If there is a hell @GOP that is where you will spend eternity.
Being alive is a pre-existing condition...
The #GOP has lost its mind
When you voted for Trump, was this what you wanted?
Honestly, this was absolutely 100% foreseeable. I genuinely don't understand the surprise. HE SAID HE WOULD DO THIS!
He never said with WHAT. There is no other reasonable way of doing it, which experts TOLD THEM. He sprinkled unicorn dust on fairy feces.
They believed his repeated and obvious lies, while screaming MAGA and FAKE NEWS.

They deserve what they get.
Cerebral palsy. Really? Too much.why don't they throw in rare blood types like B- also
Ever notice ED is never on the list. Isn't it god's will, too? Or just bad choices?
pre-Ocare perfect health was required. Add migraines, asthma, c-section, back spasms,sinus infection,high blood pressure/cholesterol & more.
Now with Internet privacy rules stripped I would advise each of your followers not to even think about using a Fitbit like device.
VOTE 2018 2020
Remember...good people don't get sick...@GOP
This covers so many people I know, and it's far from a complete list.
Life is a pre-existing condition. #AHCA
@riteaboveit_ 
Woooowww
Erectile dysfunction? Still covered.

#LimpDickIsGodsWill
Gosh, if only older people had listened when Trump REPEATEDLY SAID HE WOULD DO THIS.
Wonder why the @AARP supported all the candidates that PROMISED to do this?
I assume sickle cell disease is the list.
cancer???? In the midst of a world epidemic when patients are only presenting with symptoms at StageVI
Where's the Erectile Dysfunction?
Those people with Lupus and Crohns and Parkinson's didn't "lead good lives" (ala GOP congressman and asshole Mo Brooks)
I'm confused.. did Obamacare not affect EVERY citizen? Y'all will be sorry when your opposition drives to single payer.  Everyone loses.
"transsexualism" is a disease? wtf. 

the old fucking white dudes need to.....i'll let your mind fill in the blank.
Thanks to the AARP and its support of Obamacare no one in my state can buy insurance. I will never listen to AARP again.
You have a gripe with your state government then.
@seanhannity  this can't be for real  how the heck is pregnancy a pre existing condition this is bogus.
So wait, doesn't the GOP say "transsexualism" is a choice. So how the fu¢k is it a "pre-existing" condition. It can't be both.
Victims of sexual abuse (rape) are also considered to have pre existing conditions! Shame! Who EVER asked to be raped????
This
Notice that erectile dysfunction isn't considered a pre-existing condition!
Also essential service coverage - emergency room, labs, mental health, substance abuse, preventive care!
@PPact And one of these will affect almost everyone at some point in their lives!!
the people who most need it
Some of the other lists I've seen include acne, and allergies.It's just mind numbing to consider the future.
what if I trade in my I-phone, can I be allowed to live then?
What about substance abuse that I don't plan on seeking help for?
WHAT THE FUCK
Smdh
I knew epilepsy was on there. I read something else that said things like Down syndrome and autism could be included. 
being trans though? lol confused
I didn't even see that! But not surprised coming from the republicans
No it won't. It's about time obamacare was trashed, planned parenthood will no longer be funded by the government!
is ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION  on the list? Shouldn't old men have some skin in the game?
#TheUptonLongAmendement 

Stop lying to the public! Read the bill yourselves!!
Amendment has only two "e"s.
Guess you aren't always right.
No. I have fat fingers, but thanks.
And a deplorable misspelling gene. Do better.
Deplorable because I have fat fingers? That's not very nice.
Obesity is a preexisting condition.
Good thing I weigh less than 120 lbs.
"transsexualism" we're really going back to trans being a mental illness. when this will government fall
Pregnancy is on there, that means you just made your mom #iamapreexistingcondtion
just be reminded congress voted to keep for themselves the best part of Obama care.  The big one coverage for pre existing conditions.
Also eliminates funds for brain injury and special ed services. They are coming for Medicare and Social Security next.
alright, then what exactly is not limited or declined by the insurers? These are every disease I know!
W/ACA carriers can increase premiums & deductibles to point of making coverage unaffordable while claiming coverage is intact. NOT coverage.
Unless you have ED...then your good. SMH
Get over it and move forward. There is another group paying for all this and they have no coverage because of high premiums and deductibles
Add "allergies" to that list.
Wow..at 34 years old I already made that list 5 times. Guess I'm really screwed!
Mesothelioma??
Sick just sick
obesity?!?!? Do trump supporters know about this.
"pending surgery"?!  That's not a condition, it's a status
Life is a pre existing condition. Sooner or later we all need healthcare at some level.
These bastards don't mess around.  I hate them.
It is insurance that covers nothing & a waste of money.
@MDAnews we must #resist #persist
Great reason to buy your own insurance, you rotten commie bastards.
So basically if you are breathing then. SMH
It's legal genocide folks! The old, the poor and the pre-existing will eventually not be around.., that is their plan...
List more extensive. I can't figure out what IS covered? No meds, hospital, ambulance, ALL illness is Pre-exsisting before you go to Dr.
I wish I had time to look into this claim, knowing what AARP stands to lose and how they championed Obamacare, not sure I believe them
Pregnancy!  It's a 9 month limit on that baby!
What the hell... This is a joke right?
Pls RT http://this.GOP  didn't read AHCA Bill.They don't know for what they voted but they are exempt. Vote GOP out!
Oh u guys are just a slanted liberal org that is circling the drain. Good luck.
where is the list of pre-existing conditions not covered when no insurance company or doctor is taking Obamacare in your area? 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS   How can you sleep. You are killings millions of Americans who now lose. The answer. You don't care Disgraceful SAD
I only see negative replies to this message but I'm sure someone somewhere is gonna vote yes to this bs
So sad for fellow MS sufferers.Stay healthy.If needed, consider friendly Canada. All our MS meds are covered by private or public insurance.
Read! And resist!
With employer based health care it effects everyone
Pregnancy
Cancer is a pre-existing condition. The list = suffering. Poor US.
@kirkwood_mia
Isn't transsexualism a misnomer or am i going batshit?
The term "transsexualism" is considered dated and less-than-ideal, but it's also the term used in most exclusions from health insurers #AHCA
Thanks for that explanation
Does anyone know the odds of this passing through the Senate?
Senate has come up with an "all men" committee to provide its own version of #AHCA which will eventually be passed. Dems are losers.
Why would you feel the need to end your comment with an insult? 
You offered nothing to this conversion, but thanks.

What a bad day. Regardless, we still have work to do. We have a nation to save, and world looking for our leadership. We are #TheResistance 
I feel like I'm playing bingo and winning... er, losing.
-__- aren’t we all at this point
They should add "being alive" to the list.
Breathing.. #apreexisting condition
Alzheimers. A "pre-existing condition". What? *shakes head*
Left off developmental disabilities. Medically necessary therapies for autism denied as "educational" by health insurance/denied by schools.
Remember when @AARP members cared about their grandchildren?
I just don't understand how anyone can see a pregnant woman and decide she doesn't deserve affordable healthcare
I'm not feeling so copacetic anymore.
And affect them in the worst way possible.
@VA_GOP And for good measure - here's one more list.
@Brehmily

RyanCare gives Insurance Co more focus on RISK than on Preexisting Conditions. How many lbs can we be before we're high risk?
You do know you have to pay to get tested before results come out and that's a pre-existing cost. Lol.
Hey AARP. If we young progressive liberals fight for you today, will you stop fighting against our futures as #LGBT americans?
hilarious if it weren't so sad how many fucktards out there voted against themselves & their families #becauseemails
It's not just cancer and diabetes, the list of pre-existing conditions is extensive. This bill WILL affect you or someone you know. 
So sad insurance companies are the winners  Corporate Greed.
This is a disaster!  His voters will wonder what hit them. Prepare for a lot of needless suffering. AARP should publicize the yes voters.
I fell into "kidney disease" category pre ACA 'cause I had a Kidney Stone once 5 years previous. Would not cover kidney issues for 10 years.
a fcking kidney stone? SERIOUSLY? insurance cos are atrocious, but ofc we've known that for years. smh
& they were mad I didnt mark kidney disease on paperwork. Only went to PCP after 2 days of pain & just got pain medicine & waited to pass
We're going back to ER care again huh? Always a fun time...
I had an insurance company tell me they couldn't insure me because I had a PEC...because I got a (noncancerous) mole removed.

#ButHerEmails @AARPadvocates
It's not just cancer and diabetes, the list of pre-existing conditions is extensive. This bill WILL affect you or someone you know. 
From what I have heard, Pegnancy, Transexualism, Rape, Domestic Abuse Survivors, C-section, STDs...WTF, This is one hell an attack.
What's the point of having insurance if you can't even be sick?
They say they will cover some preexisting conditions. Which ones would this new bill not cover
The only thing they will probably are rich people's diseases. Gout, perhaps.
You don't know much about gout if you think that.
AARP against Trump Care 2.0 @RepAndyBiggsAZ @RepMcSally @RepTrentFranks @RepGosar
this is a bunch of lies!! you dont believe this shit either or you wouldnt have agreed to be opted out of it and still HAVE OBAMA CARE!!
Pregnancy?????
I doubt it
:(
Transsexualism -> they're really ?!#($)!
Pregnancy affects EVERY MOTHER in the country. I'm so angry this is happening. Every person who votes for this must be fired by us in 2018.
@EvangForTrump @TeaPartyOrg @TBN @CBNOnline @TeaPartyExpress @foxandfriends @FoxNews @CNN @joniernst @SenJohnMcCain #PartyB4Country @VFWHQ
Careless bill.
Pregnancy. FFS. It's an assault on those who bring life into the world. Having ever BEEN pregnant=pre-existing condition.
if these insurance co can not cover everything on this list, they cannot sell insurance in our country!
It's not that they can't offer you insurance, it's that these things can be used to calculate higher premiums and limits on future care
...sleep apnea.

You can get charged more on insurance for *snoring.*
its even more serious than that. If my father doesn't use his breathing machine at night, he's at high risk to have another stroke.
Yeah, but that's a pretty extreme version, and it doesn't look like they even differentiate, so long as you are bad enough to need treatment
My preemie was turned down and United Healthcare "said" it was because he had tubes put in his ears. I think prematurity was the reason
Is this what their trying to pass now?
I got M.S. Aholes.
@HouseDemocrats @NancyPelosi 
@TomPerez Facts matter.
It's not just cancer and diabetes, the list of pre-existing conditions is extensive. This bill WILL affect you or someone you know. 
@Reince45 @OMBPress 
@housebudgetGOP @TomPriceMD 
@GOPLeader @SenSchumer Facts matter.
It's not just cancer and diabetes, the list of pre-existing conditions is extensive. This bill WILL affect you or someone you know. 
@CNN @MSNBC @realDonaldTrump 
@VP @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP 
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr Facts matter.
It's not just cancer and diabetes, the list of pre-existing conditions is extensive. This bill WILL affect you or someone you know. 
Destroying healthcare for those who need it most is beyond deplorable. Tell it to my daughter's face.
Rep. Mast, meet Ella, my daughter, she has intractable epilepsy. Her life depends on access to healthcare. #NoOnTrumpcare, #YesForEla 
This healthcare plan is the MOAB being pushed through without proper financial evaluations on an artificial deadline. #DeathPanels #VoteNo
