The fact that some of these hate groups are claiming a victory after this tragedy reveals their dangerous agenda & disregard for human life.
48 hours and a TelePrompTer..too little too late. Don't give him a pass. #IMPEACHMENTNOW
Trump using teleprompter?  Obama cudnt speak 1 sentence w/o stuttering w/o one
Go pat yourself on the back for caring more - doing nothing of course but really, REALLY caring - I guess that's what politicians do
Do not let her die in vain. Open a congressional investigation into white power domestic terrorism. Sessions and Trump won't do anything
Investigate Black Lives Matter and the Nation of Islam right along with White Power groups. Too much nonsense on extremes
We should demand an official designation of domestic terrorists 4 Unite the Right, use the Patriot Act & send them to GITMO! Indefinitely!!
Bless this child. #HeatherHeyer Strong, independent woman who decided to fight against hate. We need more of her with a strong moral compass
@SkyWater576 what a shameful display of hurt. Writing negative remarks that her parents can read is hurtful. She didn't deserve to be murder
Signer & McAuliffe used Charlottesville to launch their 2020 re-elections. The violence & death is on Signer & McAuliffe.

Thanks for all your help preventing this - not - useless as usual
But you think Trump and his Nazi filled administration is Presidential? Shame Senator
Honor her in some real way. Maybe a healthy America where #Nazis and the #KKK aren't in power in our WH. #FireBannon #FireGorka #Impeach45
Jason Kessler, organized Unite the Right, was formerly Involved in the Occupy Movement and full Obama Supporter. Now he's white supremacist?
If only your state officials didn't give approval to these horrible people to be there!?this young lady would be alive!
She represents the very best of America.
In her name Nazi white supremacy must be outlawed.















THANK YOU calling it terrorism. If it were a muslim, it would have been screamed from the rooftops. Race doesn't matter, terror is terror.
Tell her family how presidential the white supremicist president sounds!

WATCH: The Hate He Dares Not Speak?  Here's a supercut of 6 of the MANY times Trump has disavowed David Duke and racism on national TV. 
Please also remember that two VA State Troopers were killed in the line of duty. No one is mentioned them. That's disgraceful. -A VA Voter-
Too bad you don't think of all victims that way, just those you can twist to political advantage!
please never again say Trump was presidential.
I never knew her but I will never forget her!
Saw you on Andrea. No, Trump not presidential, disappointed in you. He's a white supremacist...period
I call bs. You're thinking about the money lo I eat are givingbu

And I am thinking of NK. What's your plan? The usual talk talk talk

#WOD  #photooftheday #EXO #BTS #FelizLunes
#FireBannonMillerGorka #ImpeachTrump
Heather Heyer is not a victim, she is a willing participant of her own ignorance.
You are a great man and a great Senator Mark Warner! Thank you!
Will we see you in #SWVA?  Safe travels.
Thank you for your service! Follow new website, later a blog, for Democrats struggling on a new path: http://democraticyouthvote.org !
Rip and my u now and forever be at the side of the lord and may God give all those who u leave behind with peace love and comfort
Then go to seattle where antifa and blm protested last pm. You make me sick defending or ignoring these groups for what they are
A tragic loss, like #KateSteinle .
Oh look Mark Warner isn't a racist because he denounced white supremacy omg vote for him!
Then she should have stayed home, instead of joining the madness.
Stop posting.
Go pound sand!
You and your colleagues need to start impeachment proceedings NOW.He needs to go.Handwriting is on the wall.What will it take? more deaths?
More deaths by antifa and blm terrorist groups
Je suis Virginia. I stand with Virginia against Hate & Bigotry.  
white privlege. black people cant travel through virginia
We all have her and her family in our hearts and prayers. STOP THE TERRORISM SENATOR. CALL A SPECIAL SESSION.
yea but if the fbi told you she was gulty yould throw her under the buis like you did to hillary

Thank you Senator for calling it exactly what it is, Terrorism.
Are you going to introduce legislation to allow the department of Justice to take down these hate groups before they kill again?
Thinking of her is great. Doing something about the problem in her honor would be better.
It's time to dust off the censure & start removing Nazi/KKK sympathizers from the WH.
She will not be forgotten.

