We need to be ready for Russian interference in future US elections. The more we know, the more we can be on guard to protect our democracy.
You can read the full letter here: https://www.warner.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=F2DFD437-93F8-4231-AB17-F5768EDCBD5A … I hope tomorrow’s Intel Cmte. hearing on this subject will shed light as well.
Better talk to Comey: Former homeland secretary says FBI delayed notification of cyber hack" -
#AwanBrothers
You are wasting the Americans money. Stop the investigations and get to work.
Its alot and wikileaks showed the world that hacks can be made to look like theyre from anyone. Defense and TRUSTED SERVANTS!!!
Mr. Warner, the vote tallies WERE ChangedDon't know why everyone is denying this.If Russia can hack into software,they.can.change.votes.
All just fell into place on election night. What would be the odds? Don't believe it 4 a second. DJT couldn't believe it himself.
Thank you for continuing this important work.
Thank you! Americans deserve to know the truth! Our elections system needs a serious overhaul to make it secure & unhackable! #UnhackTheVote
It's amazing to me that we don't have the most secure, amazing, election system in the world! C'mon America!!!
True that. We don't. But stealing elections is the GOP mantra. Nothing honest or honorable about them ... it is win by any means.
Agreed!! We really have to address all this BS redistricting/gerrymandering, etc..or we won't ever win anything. It's really a "situation!"
Right. I'm sure a trump appointed cabinet member will get right on that.
Senator, It is doubtful states that showed a Trump-GOP Win will release any information that puts the legitimacy of their results in doubt.
Ask about affect of Hate propaganda spread all over FB&Web Dumb Donald's help. Hate inciting Bullshit & he knew it! #Overturn2PopularVote 
Ya that#Overturn2PopularVote Fr&SqAnsNullifyNewAdmin&EC R UnethicalUnPatrioticUnfair&Unacceptable HRC1&UNOITValidateNr3MillMor
Trump owns every agency thanks to the house and senate. His people are in place. Who ya gonna call?
Hey dummy, you lost and last night the democrats lost again. Change your attitude or you will be let go also. You are in a sinking ship
And how'd that work out for ya Mark?
Why not address the fraud that allowed illegal aliens to vote and prosecute them? Hacking? Really?
Why homeland security?  Jeh Johnson cronies?
Please keep pursuing this Senator.
Why don't U also ask the DNC why they did not let either the FBI or DHS see the server that was "hacked"?  That would be easy.  #JehJohnson
We understand the implications if GOP Congressional wins are proven illegitimate.
In my opiniop I don't THINK Russia tried to hack our election I am one who is for sure they did the totals in swing states show that
So many issues n you are rocking it Senator Warner. Thank you.
They're still doing it.
We, the people, have a right to know this information. Why is it being withheld? Could cynical politics be involved? God save us.
Reality Winner is sitting in jail because she did try to tell us.
And you know this how, Comrade...?
https://youtu.be/1thcO_olHas 
Have you seen this @MarkWarner ?
I doubt they want that public or even for Dems to know. Secret society.
@SenatorLankford when you going to tell your constituents the extent of interference in electoral process? Oklahoma affected? Action taken?
Stay-At-Home Heathen is a cool user name. I used to worry my Twitter in my name would be a prob if I ran for City Council. Little did I know
Better include 2017 while you're at it. GA voter suppression happened
Bless you. Let's go back to paper until we figure this out.
The people picked Hillary; Putin gamed our system and installed our puppet Prez. Dictators abuse our free speech to get subvert our electons
Thank you @MarkWarner I want confidence in the electoral process.  1 person one vote and representative Goverment. #unhackthe vote.
@FlanneryElise @Jaqcd
@AltHomelandSec thank you 
Each state needs to be audited. We'll never know, will we, until that happens.
This is BIG! What exactly did the Russian Hackers accomplish? Change Votes? This would explain Trumps electoral votes! The Election!
Known fact, RUSSIA hacked VOTE MACHINES software company,Q is, after that discovered was there any attempt to INSPECT, TEST VOTE machines?
Unless HACKED 39 States VOTE machines inspected, tested & VOTES AUDITED no one can tell for sure it was just an ATTEMPT.
Thank you! We've got to get on this now to have any faith in 2018.
Thank you!  We deserve to know!
Will they? Who's side are they on? I know we pay their wages but do they still work for us or Trump? What about Trump Alfa Devos Mercer etc?
Just fix the stuff if it's broken, stop with the IIIII, did this and that just get off the news and go to WORK
Thank you Senator Warner.
Let's see June 20th 2017 how to stay on top of it
Keep up the good work! Proud to live in your state!
That's great Senator. You have the skills & intent to get the facts! Independent of the WH. Thank you. @Michael36776349
Russia, Russia, Russia! Do you think of anything else? Haven't you heard this country is sick of hearing about it. Stop wasting our $$!
Thank you so much!
Per Spicer today, Trump hasn't said that he believes Russia interfered in our election. How can it be fixed if WH doesn't care?
Thx u !
Best of luck. It seems like no one in this Administration is willing to share anything except unpleasantries. 
Facts: Russia interfered w/our 2016 Election, therefore illegitimate! #Trump & Co. communicated & urged Russia to hack DNC & @HillaryClinton
Good work. Now spearhead a lawsuit because of the Trump Tastic consequences
Go git 'em, Sir. Have no reserves. If you don't, we won't have a country left--assuming we still do. I work for DoD--PEWtin can bite me.
The real threat to free & fair elections is The Democrat Party. Why won't you investigate them? Show some integrity, for once in your life!
You mean "free and fair" as in "one party and one candidate," Dick? Joe Stalin would've LOVED you.
How did you get that out of my tweet?
It was DHS that attempted to hack Georgia and Indiana.
there is no hacking
@gop works hand in hand with #KGB to the satisfaction of everybody
Pssst!! I have a boat with some deck chairs that really need rearranging. Unless you're busy with something else..
Don't back down on this fight.
Great, now Trump/Russia investigation can stop.  Hacking occurred on Obama's watch. No Trump involvement.
TY @MarkWarner !  A sound election process is vital infrastructure for a democracy.
We need to know WHAT they are doing and what has been done to block it!!
Russia hacked, but the GOP helped. #unhackthevote
Now call for public disclosure of 4th Amendment violations by NSA and all government agencies. Charge them all and clean house.
Thanks, Senator. I was at the RVA Chamber meeting where you alluded this. Glad you're pushing for transparency.
Hack Job! Witch Hunt! Political Theater! Stop wasting my money! TRUMP WON! TRUMP WON! TRUMP WON! TRUMP WON! TRUMP WON! TRUMP WON! YOU LOSER!
THEN how are 1e 1voting in Georgia and why if it can be hacked? How do we trust the election  is fair??
Why not look into that it started in 2015 per Comey and obama told him not to mention it?
Thank you, Sen. Warner. But note it's not only the Russians. Pls ask a staffer to spend an hr looking at @mikefarb1 's work & report back.
Most people have been saying that no votes were changed, but there's quite a lot of statistical evidence indicating otherwise.
At some point, I'd like to hear an admission that targeting ppl w/fake news did affect their vote, and there4 vote ttls. Happened! Now fwd 
@datagoodies Wow! Thank you for stepping up to the plate!!!
Did they pick up the phone?
Thank you, Senator, for working to protect the integrity of our democracy.
Just tell us Senator. Better than conspiracies.
This is a fairy tale. No one is buying it.
Of the first 20 replies, 19 agree with @MarkWarner. You're the only "not buying it."
Show me the proof.
Thank you, Senator, for doing everything you can to protect our democracy!
Thank you!
Awesome news!
Great call!
Senator Warner--You must review #unhackthevote & @mikefarb1 . There is proof votes were changed. Please stop saying otherwise.
@TeaPainUSA
Wonderful.  Thank you.
Don't forget the DNC & HRC server.
Thank you!
THANK YOU! I'm from Michigan and I am sure our system was hacked and/or tampered with. Detroit had major problems.
What if we actually received bogus information last Nov.?
TY SenWarner We need to know the extent of Russian hacking efforts in our election. This issue isn't partisan & affects all American voters.
Stop wasting tax payer money on frivolous partisan obstruction tactics

If u support violence to silence opponents then #VoteYourOssoff
Well good for you Mark Warner good for you not being a head-turner like Senator Burr on most of these issues
That happened under bho's watch
How do we know,they didnt hack smaller area vote counting machines?Can they be checked and were they checked?
Thank you @MarkWarner.
Why is it so hard to prove and thank you
#FireBurr #FireNunes #FireSessions #FireJaredKushner #LocktrumpUp #Lockpenceup #LockthemAllUp
To be fair, I've actually been pretty impressed with Burr on this ordeal. He's been doing a pretty good job imo.
Um Yes he's done better than he was doing in the beginning, But I'm totally not trusting him a %100
I wish this would provide actionable intel, but the wall of deception this administration has built makes it exceedingly unlikely.
.@MarkWarner Pursue the truth re #RussiaGate. Right after you block #Trumpcare because American health is job #1 #healthcarebill #SenateDems
Watch as GOP manipulate the votes in Georgia.
This might expose certain crimes that GOP would rather keep hidden.
Thank you! FIGHT! Our Democracy depends on you all.
Why didn't you ask Obama? He was in charge of preventing hacking in 2016
@mikefarb1 #UnHackTheVote
This is cyberwar calling it "hacking" makes it seem innocuous
for all we know they could be messing around in GA right now, today, but GOP doesn't seem to think it's a big deal.
They undoubtedly are. I expect it will be stolen.
THANK YOU
SEN. Warner please-SUBPOENA POWER!!!
No more requests/ invitations !
So, you think that the Russians just stopped at tampering and they found morality when it came to changing results.  I'm not buying it.
And they will ignore you, like all the other depts.
Could we not have one technology standard for all states yet allow states to still run their own elections? This seems reasonable approach.
Paper ballots only, must leave a paper trail
And same day voter registration to void the voter suppressions. Many states have same day voter registration, mine does.
Sessions and Trump have shown they don't care, so thank you for this.
Thank you for all of your hard work!
We deserve the TRUTH! Nothing but the whole TRUTH!
You know they freaking  tried as hard as they could to  get in the machines .... it seems There's Something Fishy going on every election
Bravo Sen. Warner! Bravo
I thought that was why there is a so-called investigation?  Are you doing the investigation? or is Mueller doing it?
Good luck. They can't even spell sheriff.
Good luck with that Senator! Im sure homeland will take care of it. It boggles the.mind why ppl don't care if Russia takes us over. Boggles
Russia is not taking over, that's ludicrous. Illegal voting in Virginia seems to be a problem though.
