Mark, read this speech very carefully, adon't FORGET your 2009 vote to push the SECRET Barack Obama healthcare thru!
https://www.facebook.com/bearingdrift/?hc_ref=ARStYM1RG54cabJB9MmMJjNAkwx4cNnDHmUioaQlwqvPqn3325rXpZH2p5Qv_4RUkWg&fref=nf&pnref=story&hc_location=ufi …
Stand in there. We're behind and support u
Thank you, Senator Warner, for your courage & your FIGHT.   Take down that evil "man" thinking he "leads" our country, please.   #FightOn
Thank you so much for fighting for us.
Thank you
there is no one else in the picture
Way to go, Senator Warner!
no you are trying to stop debate. That is it. Stopping debate!
Save it from what?  The millions made dependent on Medicare? Obamacare is an insult to every hard working American.
well, wait until Obamacare implodes, then it is really over!
Shouldn't u b running VA?  If I charged my time to my customer while blowing into a horn, I would be fired immediately! Get to work to MAGA!
we do not need socialism you are on the wrong side of this, we need a free and open market but we can then write some laws to care for least
Then give me a free market health care, driven by Dr/Patients, NOT by Washington!!!
Thank you!
Sen. Warner, thank you for your unwavering ethics & advocacy for the betterment of health, not the managed dissolution of basic & fair care.
keep up the good work, p.s. you are really good looking!
Don't give up!  Virginia stands with you.
Mark, help us! Even McCain is a traitor to the needs of Americans!You all should be forced to have the same coverage as we do!
Obamacare needs to be fixed NOT taken away! Thank you!
I pay $1,397 monthly and husband $800 under Obamacare! Middle class America! You'll fight for this??? I pray it's over! Former Dem!
How embarrassing to see our senator acting like this.  Not for long
HYPOCRITES DEMOCRAPS
Say, Marky Mark, remember when a million of us stood there with bullhorns pleading for you not to destroy our healthcare? Did you hear us?
Keep it up please!!! Your constituents
Thank you, Senator @MarkWarner !
Thank you, @MarkWarner, for standing up to the tyrant traitor @realDonaldTrump.
Thank you!  Now propose amendments that give good low-cost coverage!! And Congress has to have the same coverage as us!
This picture is great ! Brings hope . Thank you
Thank you Senator!
Thank you for speaking up for & working on behalf of the American people, but your words fell on deaf ears. Please keep fighting for us.
Dems will now have to explain to Americans why their plan is better than Republicans'
Thank you Senator. All Americans have a right to healthcare. Not the right to unaffordable 'access'...the right to actual healthcare.
Hey I have an idea..how about you join the pp's  health insurance,  then just maybe you would get off you high horse & fix the current Ins
Thank you for all your hard work.
Thank you, Senator Warner, for standing up for Virginians and Americans across our country.
You Dems own this clusterfuck
Thank You! Don't give up the fight!
Time to get those seats back in 2018! Even though both our states R blue, we need to all work together to help turn the others blue.
Who r u trying 2 save? O care is too expensive 4 working citizens You seem hateful and unhinged
You go, Mark! Thanks for looking out for us!
You have my vote Senator Warner! Virginia will continue to be Blue
Are the PAKISTANI BROTHERS blacking mailing Mark Warner?
If you hurry & impeach Yrump - this will all go away
Yes it was over when he made the announcement....  no more federal funds for expanding something no one  asked for sorry  life isn't bad
Its really scary that the man yelling to save a collapsing obamacare just to keep his kickback money! Is also part of biased intel probe!
Glad you got a photo out. Sen. can you look into why Capitol police are not allowing videos and even forcing ppl to DELETE them?
Jesus Mark get off the front steps and get to work.  What is your plan?  You all are LOSING. Get your butts in gear.
Now's the time to push for #SinglePayerHealthcare! GOP bill is deeply unpopular & scramble to come up with something new will be fractured.
U r amazing!  Americans are so lucky to have u fighting for them!
Thank god...your good work is very much appreciated..xoxo
Thank you.
Good for you time to take the gloves OFF... THE RED PARTY BLOWS  !!!!!
VA is blue and we're gonna keep it that way
#SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
It's over! Ur only hope is for republicans to help you. Even with that they can go nuclear. Your party was rejected in 2016. Get used to it
Can't wait to VOTE you out of office
Term limits
Thank you Senator!
What the dems are really fighting for is welfare so they can buy more votes
Thank you!
Thank you Senator
You voted NO to even start debate, shows you don't want to fix failing Obamacare #Demsarepartyofnoideas
Thank you Senator!
wow what did we do without you before an unfinished crappy bill was passed in 2010? Bodies were everywhere I guess?
Thank you sir!
We will never give up. We are the people, we will always fight for what is moral and right.
Thank you, Senator.
You and your rich Democratic buddies can pay for it.
Thank you, Senator! I'm not sure how much fight I have left, but it helps knowing you're all out there! ♡♡♡
TY!!! #ResistTrumpcare #Resistance #ResistTrump
Thank you Senator! #WeThePeople are behind you! #SaveTheACA #SaveDemocracy #FixTheSenate.
Great pic. Keep fighting and we'll support. Thank you.
Filibuster it. Keep proposing amendments forever. Don't let it go to vote. You can stop this!!!
