Our new bipartisan resolution sends a clear message: The United States rejects the forces of bigotry and hate →
You are an embarrassment.  This is a made up issue.
Move on Senator
What about the left they where there too
Yes.  From one of ur Virginia constituents.
He did, do you condemn antifa? Who started the violence in Charlottesville.
You're nothing but a Political Troll! There's a difference between Nationalism and Nazism you communist!
Hahah years before  he was president  toooo  your democrat shi+ bags had no problem with trump for years but now bahhh
Why this now? 3 weeks late. Stop politicizing hate. Can't believe we still have to have these conversations. How embarrassing.
Politicizing, how about perpetuating?
Who is perpetuating hate?
Warner
Hey Mark, that is so "last news cycle "... Hey look, a hurricane!!!

What about ANTFIA, did you forget about them?
I can show you 29 videos of trump condemning kkk etc Iam still waiting for OBOMMA to condemn isis and radical Islam go ear
Thats been done!! Go get a new soapbox and do your! Job
Absolutely! The people of our country deserve it and other countries need know we're not the hateful ugly people that were involved! Thanks
he already has you hack
Potus has condemned the groups over and over...why don't you stop spinning request that's done! We know a spin when it's tweeted.
Well POTUS only condemns them when he is forced to and then he takes it back so really it's POTUS that makes my head spin
It's pretty horrible that a month later, we still have to say this. And that we're still waiting.
Thank you for staying on top of this, @MarkWarner
You mean Antifa, I agree agree
That's why we marched! @cville2dc #ConfrontWhiteSupremacy
Whoa, Congressman, acting like a branch of Govt.  Does this mean the house will hold the POTUS accountable?
And as long as he refuses to unequivocally condemn hate groups, Congress should condemn him. Heck, feel free to #Impeach while you're at it.
Get some sleep, you're very weary! Hate has over taken your common sense!  We love Trump!
And you must condemn ANTIFA
Chuck Schumer & Sen Warner must unequivocally condemn Antifa, the RESIST& BLM hate groups behind the violence in Charlottesville & America
He did that already! Clean the wax and hate out of your ears!
Won't happen, my good Senator. But you know that. Thanks for always stepping up for we who need you. Virginia is so lucky to have you. 
Just a quick question why and how is Bannon allowed to get with members of congress to plot against Paul Ryan Ryan needs to go but seriously
2 Bannon is a scourge on America and a white supremacist fired from the administration yet how is he even allowed anywhere near government
He already has! Many times during his campaign. How many time does he have to do it?!?
OMG - dude, really?
Also why does Kushner still have clearance?
 stop the anti semitism! Ridiculous you certainly are! Get a life!
You do know hate is "allowed" in the speaking and thought realm? Unanimous US Supreme Court just this summer!! Better to focus on violence.
Read up. https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/volokh-conspiracy/wp/2017/06/19/supreme-court-unanimously-reaffirms-there-is-no-hate-speech-exception-to-the-first-amendment/ …
Please start with @RepDaveBrat!!!  He supports Richard Spencer!!
Wake up. He condemned all hate groups. That includes those that you listed and also antifa, BLM, and radical violent religious orders. .
You mean the violence you help incite?
I care about this but now it's as if they smacked the kids, killed the cat and dog, and set the house on fire. Which things do I focus on?
HE HAS!!!!  MANY TIMES!!!   WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN???  WITCHHUNTER!!!
Mark Warner and his crone democrats must condemn Antifa  and Black Lives Matter who OBama supports
Well he's one of them so.......
Although you admire Antifa's political agenda (a Communist America), you must condemn their violent behavior, too.
Why would he, he's part of them!
....agile leader....you don't look agile..... you look like southbound and out
Just as your counterpart @timkaine should with his son's alt-left ANTIFA violence. Any violence is unacceptable.
Trump has condemned the neo nazis.im wondering y u r not condemning #antifa ? Y did u condemn Trump 4 stating violence both sides?
Just another lying political hack! Warner needs to retire!
Give it up Senator. You are an embarrassment to the Commonwealth. Instead, try working on reducing the deficit. Hint: cut spending. Thx!
What an old, tired talking point.
Stop spreading shit
Aren't you a little late to the party with this tweet?
Well he's one of them so.......
He is a pathological liar. The @gop have never been more crooked (saying a lot) and every day it's biz as usual. Put these clowns in jail
Good luck with that
Make sure you include ANTIFA Senator. Those were the real thugs.
Nope.
Did Warner just wake up? POTUS correctly denounced the WS and neo Nazis! And ANTIFA from the left who was also there and violent!
Dems are angry Trump called out violence both sides.
Then you would have to condemn Sen Tim Kaine.
Talking about living in the past.  That's so 2 weeks ago
I know you'll never condemn Antifa because your comrade in arms,Tim Cain's son is a card carrying member.
I'm you're going to slander someone, at least get their name right. Troglodyte. @timkaine
As soon as you condemn the #antifa violence. Just because @timkaine son Woody is a member &was arrested vandalizing other people's property!
They need to do exactly what the President did: condemn all violent extremists no matter which side they are on. Drop the PC talk.
How many times must they did this?
You Must continue w/ Russia investigation!!
I think they have found their answer.  Nothing there, but, a wild goose chase.  Zero evidence after a year.  Trump /Russia dead end.
Why are you not saying anything about BLM?
I can't imagine the fragility and self-interest it takes to see the message "stop killing black people" as "we hate white people".
BLM has been using it to start riots and they are no better then a black KKK.  All lives matter.  You must not keep up with the news.
Historically, only white male christian lives mattered. All BLM is saying is they won't tolerate further systemic abuse + discrimination.
Agreed! I assume you have unequivocally condemned the violence by antifa, those who wish to shut down free speech? No place for hate!
Lol.  So silly.
As soon as dems condem antifa and blm and label them as terrorist groups. Havent heard you speak up against this violence. All you do is
Create violence and division while your silence speaks volumes. There were mote than obe group causing problems that day but not one dem
Has condemed groups they are paying to keep violence going. Shame on you and every dem who has remained silent
You keep making the statement that people are being paid but have yet to produce one shred of evidence backing it up.
No actually you need to call out ANTIFA. The FBI has even declared them as a hate group. Quit whining about Charlottesville and step up!
Call a waaaaahmbulance, Freulein Snowflake.
That's my Senator, thank you Mark Warner. Now get down with #ImpeachTrump
Yes but we shouldn't have to tell them to
how about an investigation on your orders to stand down in #Charlottesville?  How about you pay for that girl's death?
I don't think u really want him to unequivocally condemn the entire Democratic Party! There r some good ppl in your group.
I agree but I think we also have to call them what they are... bigots, white nationalists, fascists. The time for politeness is over!
This is who the @GOP, @realDonaldTrump are...
I thought Trump said they were fine people.
Along with blm and antifa . I guess demo whacks don't support free speech.  Typical
