Mark Warner chooses to endanger Americans! YOU are out of touch! Majority  of Americans approve @POTUS keeping us safe!
#FAKENEWS
bot
Democrats don't care if our country is attacked again! ISIS is infiltrating w/the refugees! They're already here! #BuildTheWall
zero Americans have been killed here by anyone from the countries on the ban list. Illusion of safety and nothing more.
where were you when Cubans turned away  by @POTUS44 just days before he left?
@speedingisfun @MarkWarner @POTUS @POTUS44 you can't blame that on #Trump , he hadn't been sworn in yet .. he will fix it ..
Not blaming Trump.  Blaming the senator for not blaming Obama.
now we need help with all the underserved and LGBTQ they want to persecute and alienate
@timkaine it's not a 'ban,' it has nothing to do with 'religion,' non-citizens are not covered by our Constitution
YOU"RE MISSTATING THE FACTS SENATOR. WHEN YOU'RE NOT REELECTED WORK AT THE WSH POST or NY TIMES.
TY Senator. I support your efforts.
Good for you. Now start obstructing all nominations. Must send message. I live in VA and vote.
thank you Senator Warner. You have our support as you stand up for American values and the constitution. Voter from VA.
Nice to introduce a bill you know won't pass.  Doesn't stand a snowball's chance in hell of passing.  Thanks for nothing.
Do not agree with you on this Warner.
as a virginia resident I do not agree with your position. 90 day hold is not cause for overreaction. Stop it.
@DiligntDiletnt @POTUS Thanks!
He is listening, just not to you. He has the American voter with him.
exactly and the liberals just don't get that. American's have spoken.
you are delaying progress and not listening to the american people.
thank you Senator Warner and all the other Senators who stand with you on this bill.
Thank you!
Thank you for having the courage to speak out against the Muslim ban, your decency & principles have not gone unnoticed.
Senator Warner can introduce any bill he wants to, but it won't pass out of the Senate!  So, why waste everybody's time?
IT IS CONSTITUTIONAL, NO QUESTION ABOUT IT, suggest return to leaving doors, windows, auto, churches unlocked FREEDOM
please dig deep real deep into GOP Ryan Mitch protecting the hacks and knowing about them in July look at this
.@MarkWarner Your boy Rex is sure gonna help with this, right? An oil company CEO? I'm ashamed you're my Senator.
@timkaine Why not show this concern for the poor & needy CITIZENS in cities and Appalachia within Virginia? @POTUS
I teach @ GMU. Stories from real students. Why such suffering?
How does it feel to be included on this list? SHAME ON YOU.
14 Senate Democrats have voted for every Trump nominee so far (5) 
Why don't you head to the front lines with the military and get this straightened out. Set up your own "vetting" office.
It's about time. Guess you decided you wanted another term after all. #resist
Thank you, Senator .@MarkWarner for standing up to .@POTUS!
@joshuawgilman God bless.  Someone has to break the yellow haired despot.
Good luck with   Democrats lost election incase you were unaware
what do you do when ignores you like he's ignoring the courts? What then?
You do not represent VA other than northeast corner. Did you throw a fit when immigration was halted from Iraq a few yrs ago by Obama?  No
Proud to be a Virginian!
Thank you for your leadership and bravery.  It takes guts to stand up to tyranny.
@imraansiddiqi @POTUS thanks Sir. Your stand for our country will not be forgotten.
thank you for standing in defense of immigrants on this issue!
Thank you. Keep fighting! #nomuslimban
Thank you.
Outstanding!  It's bad for business.  It hurts businesses and universities and people with their papers already in order.
@timkaine Thank you for standing up against @POTUS 's unconscionable EO.
EXPLAIN THIS.
Sen. Warner, you can't obstruct our POTUS. Get out of the way or get run over, citizens fully support him!
Thank you, @MarkWarner - proud to have you represent me.
Thank you for being a true American patriot.
maybe confirm his cabinet and go on with the business of actually governing instead of all the hysteria?
Thank you, Senator Warner.
thank you, Sen Warner, for your leadership. You will be in the right side of history on this one. #stlouismanifest
@timkaine I'm so thankful and proud to be your constituent! Keep up the excellent work!
@timkaine @POTUS Thank you. Keep fighting!
Yes!! Thank you! Stand strong and fight back. #NoBanNoWall #ResistTrump #noBannon

it is constitutional, Pres. Carter banned immigration from Iran in 1979.
thank you for acting against this dangerous policy. Proud to have both you and Senator Kaine as my senators.
YAAAAAASSSSS. SLAY!!
you are a disgraceful representative of Virginia.
@AnneRiceAuthor @POTUS thank you Mr.Warner at least you are doing something unlike some others
constitutional scholars on both sides say it is legal. Stop feeding the chaos created by partisan politics.
thank you senator Warner!
did you read it or just introduced it?
as a Virginian, I have been wondering where our senators have been. They've been kept quiet over the last 8 yrs.
yes! Keep it up!
Thank you for doing this!
Make sure you keep up the opposition. Vote NO on DeVos. Still not happy about how you went about with Tillerson.
That's right, Sen. Warner! Rise up! Much better actions today than yesterday's vote. Thank you!
go and vote Mr. Warner on the cabinet members. We would be fired if we didn't do our job!
thank you from all of us.
Here's more information on the bill, for those curious:
Proud to call Virginia home.
shame on you Warner! President Trump doing his job why won't you?
you don't speak for all Americans or all American values.  @POTUS
this is fine, but you shouldn't have advanced Tillerson. You can't have it both ways. #resist
Perhaps this might help endear you to trump haters when you seek the D nomination in 2020. #politician
@timkaine Thank you for your leadership!
but yet u sat back and let obamas misguided orders fly by really?? U democrats r so sad sore losers
Great job. Keep fighting Senator!  65 mil have your back
I do not support your decision
I am soooooooo proud of you and Senator Kaine. It's a pity our congressmen are not outraged by the actions of POTUS.
@SCClemons @POTUS these guys are morons. Muslim ban?  Please. Indonesia isn't on the list.
@timkaine You make Virginia Proud! Thank you!
This VA resident thanks you and @timkaine!
Hold him #accountable
Thank you Senator Warner!  Please keep up the action!  Also vote NO on DeVos and Sessions!! (Voter from VA)
@CapehartJ @POTUS thank you
this is the hardest mark has worked in months and that aint saying much..your a dam clown mark..lol
@timkaine Thank you for your sensibility and stand in this matter!!!
thank you and @timkaine for putting #CountryFirst #NoBan
Damn proud to have voted for both of these gentlemen.  Thank you for listening to your constituents!
Thank you!
@timkaine Way to stand up to @POTUS @realDonaldTrump! Finally some Senators showing they have a backbone! #resist #NoBanNoWall
This is why I voted for you for my governor back a million years ago.  Plus, you have normal hands. @POTUS
take action on CBP in LAX who won't accept rule of law and are refusing lawful court orders
@CapehartJ @POTUS great. Now. Impeachment. The level of incompetence and number of lies in just 11 days deserves nothing less.
Not a Muslim ban. I have greater concerns about Central Americans migrating here as those costs are too high. Review http://CIA.org 
http://Cis.org 
Why Sir is it unconstitutional when POTUS Trump does it but it wasn't when Obama did it? And sir, it's not a "ban"
@timkaine Not a ban but pause 2 refine visa/vetting. Pew research indicates majority in favor of this. See Dems 2011 & 2015

@timkaine Thank you both for this. Proud to be a constituent.
@timkaine ~ Thank you! Y'all are making Virginia proud!
Your wasting time! We pay you to represent us! Stop these BS attacks stop stiring things up. #OBSTRUCTIONIST!
Well done Mark Warner! #stopMuslimBan #StopTheTyranny #StoptheDictatorship
And @timkaine as well.
That's cool, but @vademocrats could use your support on lowering prescription drug prices instead of voting against debate. #ACA
Thank you for your representation!
Much appreciated Sen Warner.
Thank you, Senator.
