.@MarkWarner Golly, what purpose is there for them holding on to material on Republicans and not releasing it?
Because sometimes nothing can be a real cool hand--unless you show your cards.
Yeah..or blackmail.
The better question is, why are Democrats sitting on their compelling evidence of Russian hacking?
Not "The Democrats", but intell community.  
Don't show you know theifs tricks unless you have to
Or maybe there's as much reliable evidence of Russian hacking as there was of WMDs in Iraq.
But the CIA qualifies their conclusions in Iraq
http://www.businessinsider.com/heres-the-full-version-of-the-cias-2002-intelligence-assessment-on-wmd-in-iraq-2015-3 …
Not so much here
Point being, their confidence in Iraq WMD conclusions not as high as Russia hacking
@RobbyMook It behooves us to ask if Republicans are working WITH or in fear of what Russia has against them.
It would behoove Democrats to actually provide some evidence, rather than exploit idle distrust of RU.
Houston, if I get a dollar every time I you guys' tweets ask for"evidence" I'd be rich. None of this is made up. None.
Or our old, out-of-touch leaders don't know how to lie effectively to tech-savvy folks born after the Cold War.
We agree on that. I never believed 17 intelligence agencies were wrong or lying. One has to be tech-clueless.
And let's keep in mind that those 17 agencies are being spoken for by one man--DNI Clapper--who just announced his resignation.
If you think people won't have work integrity because of which administration they serve you're confining yourself.
If you think the intel community hasn't earned skepticism after the "slam dunk" case for Iraqi WMDs, you're deluding yourself.
Translation: Please back up our lie about Russia, and we'll back up your lie when you want to blame Russia without evidence.
I understood RNC was NOT hacked. They had proper security whereas DNC was arrogant and wouldn't listen.
Anybody worried about the mass murders of the last presidency ?
anyone give a shit about victims anymore ?
Killing By Any Gov't/Person is SHAMEFULSince The Dawn Of Time Killing of Innocence
The fact that this information hasn't been released proves its usefulness in other ways - as blackmail.
Attempted hack, big difference. Buy some decent programs & maybe it won't happen again.Republicans made sure they didnt succeed.
Reveal info regarding Russian interference. Mentally healthy people are sick of hearing about 70yr old mans sex life @MarkWarner @objkshn
please don't get caught up with the Clintonistas. Virginia will loose our love affair with you.....
Trump will get his,a little to late.Look what 1 man did to our country.
When, please? ______Need Congress on this ASAP!
@RobbyMook you guys (DNC) are like Al Capone complaining about a kid stealing a chocolate bar
@RobbyMook How do you know GOP was hacked? Maybe GOP doesnt fall for fishing scam
This is something that the media will not report. Allows DT to blame DNC for being careless for hacking. You folks need to say
@RobbyMook according to Reince Priebus  RNC was not hacked
@RobbyMook They attacked OLD/OUTDATED GOP info, correct?
And?? So thats ok? What if there is nothing, like on DNC, i.e. Cheating, Corruption, Racist talk, MSM Collusion, etc.
The Russians could NOT hack into RNC or Republican systems... BECAUSE WE'RE NOT STUPID LITTLE WHINERS!
We know Russians hacked Republican systems. They just haven’t released that material, but may very well do so.
@RobbyMook  NUTIO and his supporters will STILL say it's a lie!
@jabaloney Putin/KGB/FSB propaganda curtain to divert attention from A Trump investigation/impeachment.
@RobbyMook Still waiting for PROOF.
@RobbyMook Did the #Russians hack into the popular vote as well brain surgeon ?
that's like saying " we know you beat your wife but, well, maybe tell you later. Are people like you really the best he US has?
Fake News, huge difference between trying and doing. IC confirms efforts at RNC not successful.
There was nothing criminal found so it turned out to be boring business-as-usual. Give it up. It's over.
"Gov. Romney, the 80s called, they want their foreign policy back "
Do you have evidence or does "know" = "wish it were so"?
Maybe none were selling access to the State Dept, suppressing their own voters in primaries, or going to pedo island
@tkdmike hmmm, but MrGoldenShowers just told us they didn't get hacked? Is he lying? I'm shocked!
@tkdmike more than likely use it as blackmail!!
@tkdmike 
It really couldn't happen to a nicer President
and it's scaring the HELL out of Trump, while Pence is salivating at the thought of it!!
Hey, Pence and the rest of the GOP knew what was going on as well.  They are all guilty.  TRAITORS!
what will happen if that is correct.
Hacked you as well...why any surprise? Start looking at the Chinese next.
@VA4Hillary1 they won't release it as long as Donald Trump gives Russia whatever the fuck they want!stop him Senator Warner
don't pander this information without proof. Where is the definitive proof?
Just like the info on Trump...blackmail material. This is why GOP is laying down and/or defending Trump!
Who is "we"?
@RobbyMook 
 https://twitter.com/cernovich/status/818996127148056576 …
Senator,  the embarrassing parts are on Buzz feed already.
Time to stop Inauguration.We cannot let this criminal in Whitehouse,he is so tied in with the Mob,Russia etc
WE KNOW THAT OBAMA INTERFERED (HACKED INTO ISRAEL'S ELECTION IN 2015) TO REMOVE BENJAMIN NETANYAHU.  WHAT ABOUT OBAMA ACTIONS?
I think elections must be renewed.
They already stated that RNC active systems were not hacked. Perhaps a password should be something more than "Password1"
how did CNN find this out?  Can't trust intelligence as you can't trust #Obama & Dems.  Remember IRS BS? Come on 1/20/17.
it's their leverage over the incoming administration they helped install. Please resist these clowns!
@RobbyMook it's coming.
At a most critical time of course. Dangerous unprecedented compromise of Peotus.
No you don't
18 U.S.C. § 2382, Senator.
@Carolyny1948 Mark Warner, you're my hero Please help us #resist. First by resisting rushed confirmation hearings I heart u
you don't know shit. #FakeNews
We know Vlad has got the goods on Trump which is why @realDonaldTrump keeps smooching Putin's sweaty taint. Disgusting.
(3/3) invalidate #TrumpTheFraud election. How desperate will #CorruptGOP become?
(2/3) evidence of #GOP hacking claiming "balance", but might also expose #RussianHacking known by #BLOTUS and
They are faced with a dilemma here. If current info shows it affected election, they might want to release (1/3)
Do you believe they will try to blackmail President Trump with hacked material? Trump,blackmailed?Never happen.
Senator, are you saying the intelligence community *lied* in the #GrizzlySteppe JAR that mentioned only one party?
HOW do you know exactly again? I mean seriously, they haven't released the specs on the DNC alleged hacking.
He knows stuff because liberals are much smarter than us. #Streep probably told him! 
Oh, I forgot! Silly me! I found @FireEye themselves wrote FIN4 & APT28 licensed to them.
, how do we know?

@RobbyMook
@RobbyMook I don't get how Republicans aren't visibly shaking at this inevitability. Russia's about to put the red in blackmail.
or they are already using it as kompromat
@KirklandReader Or use hacked material for blackmail KGB style against members of congress to approve cabinet, judges, etc.
@vancouverboomer They are saving it for "insurance". Although dont think they need it.
I like this side of you, Senator!
Trump will not piss off Putin any time soon. Let's see the "goods".
@ZackKopplin - At a time and place of Putin's choosing, to attain maximum effect. Watch out @realDonaldTrump ! The day is coming
@RobbyMook they should let some out!
Why would they? Holding it over their heads seems to be paying off well. @MarkWarner @Token12ga
@MarkWarner @RobbyMook 

... And you can bet that WILL happen once Putin's Puppet #Trump and the #GOP doesn't tow the  line.
Leaks/hacks will affect all eventually, and we also know the GOP had better IT security than the Dems did.
says who
use google.
why would they release it when they can use it to pull the GOP puppet strings?
Mr. Warner, when will you be releasing this material? It will show that Trump is again line.
Who knows if they hacked Trump's lawyers/accountants. Tax returns.
Please block Sessions and the repeal of the ACA
@RobbyMook We know, cnn, msnbc, nbc, cbs, abc, nyt, wapo and so on colluded with the Clinton campaign
- yes we know Twitter has all the proof you need- look at Mook Twitter acoount
@JesseFFerguson Like DJT, Putin knows all about leverage

It is sad, but I hope they do.
You do huh? Were they as stupid as the @TheDemocrats in their IT security?
or simply hold it as leverage over the incoming administration. chilling.
