republican healthcare gives $600 billion in tax cuts that would save the wealthiest 0.1 percent of Americans, on average, $200,000 each
Let's hope members of the Senate show to be more educated to understand insurance principles & be there for all members of our country
NOTHING could be worse than Obamacare., it was a disaster
You should read the actual bill that was passed (and not the Brietbart/FoxNews edition). You MIGHT reconsider.
Just going by MY OWN experience with Obamacare. It was awful! Cost me $$$
This  Is  Infinitely  Worse. Please inform yourself. Congress even exempted themselves from this horrific bill, are u aware of that?
Don't let ur bias cloud ur judgement . Obamacare was awful. Just speaking from experience., has nothing to do with today
Inform yourself. Did you know that these sleezebags exempted themselves from this disaster? If that doesn't piss you off, then nothing will.
Stop with The hateful bias, NO BODY CARES about ur temper tantrums.
That makes no sense whatsoever. You can't defend this madness, so you sputter a string of nonsense.
@NikitaKitty good to hear but last I saw repubs have a majority. Also, they might water it down but keep the intent of horrible bill
McConnell is a Koch Puppet, the senate bill will only get worst.
Dear USA, you're now officially the stupidest country on the planet. Because you have so much power, you're officially the most dangerous.
#FuckTheRepublican #Midterms Voted Everyone Out! #VoteNoAHCA #impeachtrump
Keep resisting Senator.  Rape is not a preexisting condition.
Cuckoo clock
I've heard this before...then Trump became president. We cannot be complacent!
Lets hope he's right...
CNN and it's propaganda.It's sooo boring.
Why follow then, ken?
Just so he can be an annoying Trumpster troll 
Coming from a wanna be average looking girl (thank God for shades),with what looks like moles on her back.A shower might take care of that.
Ken, you sweet talker you.  I bet you are one handsome stud huh?
Let me keep this simple(because I think it's the only way you'd understand).The last time a woman asked me out that look like you wanted $50
Hey! I found your pic on the internet! And I'm so sorry that you have to pay for sex. Quick tip. Lose the belly and the mullet. 
I guess those 2 hours at the gym everyday aren't working out as well as I thought.Seriously,I don't like what I said,sorry for being a jerk,
#fakenews
We also were told @realDonaldTrump had no chance in the Presidential election.
Crooked! Colluded with the Russians! Betrayed our country, America. Now, killing millions of people, 7 millions are vets.
Back to you @CNN @MarkWarner Same bill, first introduced by @newtgingrich during your first campaign. 36 Cosponsors in 2007, Chuck?
Yep... and @HillaryClinton is 20 pts up, #Brexit won't happen, @realDonaldTrump can't win, #Gorsuch will never pass Senate, yada yada yada.
We want your health care program
Thank you, Senator Warner!!  Do all you can to be sure our health care is not the victim of GOP selfishness!
@MarkWarner I pray you are right but we must not be complacent. We have to reach people, address their needs/concerns, and get them to vote.
#VoteThemOut
(2/2) Stooge, flunky, robber baron, psychopath, pro-rape activist, mass murderer, fascist, Nazi,  monster, ghoul, vampire, bloodsucker
Senator, in the spirit of Gingrich's '96 memo, here are words you can use to describe your Republican colleagues as regards the AHCA: (1/2)
It guts medicaid! That affects more people than the ACA 
 It's also Trump's CORE voter
@realDonaldTrump  " But we have to pass the bill so you can find out what is in it, away from the fog of the controversy. " Pelosi
Why doesn't one of the BRILLIANT CNN people ask Jackass Pelosi how she could say this in 2016 and DARE criticize the REP today ?
@MarkWarner thank you so much for what you said here! Healthcare shouldn't be political, because it is a human right!
Please remember the haves don't give a crap about the have nots. They are killing off Trumps base but taking alot of us with them. 
YEAH!
We'll see...
Let's hope they do not pass it
CORRUPT NETWORK NEWS
I'm a registered voter in Virginia. I rely on #ACA to stay alive. I hope you're right about  #AHCA not standing a chance in Senate.

#VoteNo
I hope Sen Warner is right
fake news
Yall seating in them high seats because of Jesus not no Dam Donald Trump he only cares about his self think about when you get old
Mark Warner , what is going on with the Russian Trump Collusion?? We have a Lying Crook in the WH !!!!!!!!!!!! You gave your word , update?
You better vote for it or beef up that RESUME
Medicaid wrap around of Medicare for low income seniors over age 65 is the difference between life and death. Call your Senators.
We Virginians are rushing you out of office on Election Day. You are completely useless.
#VoteTheGOPout2018
Mark who ?
Get real you liar. Why don't you and Pelosi get Obamacare?? We all know why, your platinum health plan is great.
#FakeNews #CNN airing #Democrat #TalkingPoints 24/7
Don't get complacent
We thought Trump had no chance....
Guess again  !
Obama rushed thru it initially-be patient buddy whatever it takes to make it perfect. You can do it Dems/Reps! Americans need it fixed!
Mark still trying to deceive people. How about some honesty for a change!!!
Thank you for speaking the truth.

we can only hope!
If The House members that voted for it had to try it out first for a year and then pass it on to us would they sing a different song
Trump is the insane mad hatter.
You better make damn sure of that Senator. 
#PaulRyanSucks 
#TrumpSucks 
#TheGOPSucks 
#ImpeachTrump 
#FireThemAll
Sen warner I sure hope you're right.... this is too scary for mere words
Warner, you just a user.
well Obama & Dems rushed their bill thru-parties need to come up with something-we need coverage! You fools play around with us. Shame!
Think maybe they should remember they serve the American people. A yes vote is a vote out of office.
Then you adjust the bill to perfection & make it work. Obamacare is sinking. Senate should stop talking on TV & get to work for the people.
#BreakingNews is something that just happened. Not news that yous have been reporting on all day. 
Time to stop the divisive rhetoric and come up with solutions for America time to put America first stop the partisan politics
This bill is an abomination. These thieving SOB's exempted themselves from the disaster they're inflicting upon the rest of us. Unbelievable
As my beloved late grandmother used to say: "From your lips to God's ear" @MarkWarner #Senate #DeathCare
It is a shame u do not care about the USA and helping people where Obama Care has failed Don't u care people need this insurance to succeed
Then work on it now @MarkWarnerVA
#americans over profit
This bill will never pass, the way to go is fix Obamacare not destroy it. Republicans should stop playing games. Stubborn people.
How does senate vote work? Does it need 60 votes to pass? Is there a Nuclear option for this kind of bill?
He also said Trump wouldn't be elected.  
It will pass.
I sure hope that you're right! We need the senate to stand for the voters.
Hope he is right
From your lips to the Senate's big EARS!!
I pray he's right
Trumpcare, is just that.. Rushed without thought
From his lips to gods ears.
Americans, it ain't over yet - FIGHT for your Health Care with every last breath!
I pray that is true but my faith in the decency of ppl in this country is wavering.
Thank you, Senator Warner, for fighting to #KeepKidsCovered.
No one will be covered once Obummacare goes down the toilet.  How are you and your kids going to like it then??
@MarkWarner all #superdelegates should not be allowed to speak on the issue then. We know they are way to partisan
I'm fairly sure he could dress up like the joker and everyone would be like yeah it works.
I'm hoping he's right. This is bullsh*t.
What is his answer?  Obamacare was going under.  What does he propose?
GOP better hope he's right. Midterms will repay the GOP for every unChristian act of a bunch of morally bankrupt partisan twonks.
I'm praying that he's right!
Say's Obama's cock holster. #fakenews
That's okay, make it better.
How is something a "big win" & it is DOA in Senate? More like "schoolyard I told you so".  GOP colors are showing & not red white and blue.
Get ready to be Trumped again! #AHCA #DrainTheSWAMP #RepealObamaCare
These cry babies come out and say what won't happen. Yet it happens. How about taking care of your people w/affordable health ins!!!!
will not pass
I hope Senator Warner is correct
Provlifers should demand ALL children have health are in this country OR r they just st pro birth
Hopefully he's not lying.
Hope springs eternal! I'm recovering from cancer. Repubs in House are heartless bastards. May this come back and bite them in the ass!
So he says for now. Watch him reverse his position shortly. DISGRACEFUL REPUBLICANS.
Just like Obamacare was. History is repeating itself and we are the ones who suffer
Trump is blackmailing and bribing tho. Running credit reports seeing who's in debt prolly n giving some of that inauguration money @maddow
Yeah I read that somewhere on Twitter that I'm he was making all kind of financial promises to them 
money for their reelections
I didn't  think Donald Trump had a chance in hell becoming President! We MUST PERSIST and RESIST!
Well he is.  Sorry you lost.  It's going to be a long 8 years for you @RJNel61
Of course he's dem
If support for a bill is 3 to 1 against, and the House of 'Representatives' votes for it anyway, then we do NOT have reasonable people.
I would hope so! Horrible bill...anti-american
He never participate in Obamacare..he is clueless how this effects people on Obamacare...Dems are for liberals & hurt American people
Win win for Trump. If Dems block in Senate then Ocare spirals on downward to its death anyway.
God I hope he's right. My representative sold her soul to the GOP and doesn't care about people like me who is a breast cancer survivor.
I'm so sorry about your cancer. I hope you're doing ok. I can't believe what the GOP is doing. 
Thank you, Kari. Fortunately it was caught early but now with a pre-existing condition, I'm afraid what might happen to my premiums.
Trump has no chance of becoming President.
All right Gary, we got your point, now please just put your hood back on and go burn a cross or have sex with your sister
Stop whining and provide solutions!
GOP Troglodytes In The Senate, Will Bloviate, Pontificate, But In The End, Will Pass An Obnoxious Trumpcare Bill, Is Big $$$ GiveawayTo Rich
He's a Democrat, of course he'd say that.
Bet your life on that?
Democrats = The Party of No and Resist. Sorry hypocrites Na na na na...Goodbye to you.
CNN fake news Sen Mark Robot. Could not think for himself. They forget 1100 pages Obama care. Never read. Do you know to think 4 yoursef??
Give it a chance lets not be negative let's work together god bless
And Trump had no chance of sitting in the Oval Office. This anger better carry forward during these asshole's elections. #TheResistance
We'll see
Criticize at your own risk.  Most Americans want the Gov't. OUT of our healthcare.
ObamaCare was a scam, most couldn't afford the deductible
Have u noticed every time the Dems get their butt kicked they always have a ''doomsday'' scenario they preach
Sour grapes democratic party is a failing party !
@MarkWarnerVA WONDERFUL
That's the process now the Senate makes changes it goes back to the House then to a joint committee
I've come to this thread to drink the liberal tears! :-)
Pompous ass! Is congress on ACA ? Nope
Thank you!
Meanwhile, all this uncertainty causing insurers to drop out of Obamacare. #sabotage
Bwahaha
Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums & deductibles - and be great healthcare!
@SenatorWarner thank u for your dedication & I hope @SenateGOP does better b/c @HouseGOP just committed #PoliticalSuicide aka #AHCA
Please Senator Warner keep saying NO to them. 24 million now without insurance so wrong
There will be 300 million without it once Obummacare circles down the toilet.  How are you going to like it then @TinaKel90377431?
@MarkWarner
Thank you Senator Warner for Representing VA so well.
Thanks for replying to my emails
I WILL be voting in midterm!
@RepDaveBrat
Wrong!
It's refreshing to hear someone speak about PEOPLE instead of party.
At this point will anything shock you? Not me.
call your representatives and tell them why they should say No Hell No to this.
#BlueWave2018
Government has no business in healthcare
thank you @MarkWarner I trust that you will do your best. Can they pull the nuclear option on this like they have everything else?
When the debate is that  the poor get screwed as CNN claims, I say those that those that  really pay for it all get screwded the most.
Empathy Gifts to Health Care costs for the Poor, give monthly 

U.S. Department of the Treasury  
P.O. Box 1328 
Parkersburg, WV  26106-1328
#Democratic #Hypocrites Same way Obamacare was rushed through the Senate!! @MarkWarner you are a disgrace to #Virginia #MERICA #M
He admitted Ocare needs fixes and that he has the list -- so why didn't Dems fix it past 7 years when they could? (BTW, Tapper did not ask)
I don't understand why we don't fix what's broken instead of destroying everything and killing humans. Red and Blue alike #BlueWave2018
And Trump had no chance of becoming the US President. These Libs are living in a bubble. Believers in Serendipity ,Land of OZ dreamers.WAKE
@MarkWarner  @JoeNBC  Senate makes good changes, freedom caucus says no and house Dems get on.# RP reasonable prognosis...
Obstructionist. Yale it all in Tapper
Republicans may change the rules.
NEW VIDEO: We'll just cut to the chase. @realDonaldTrump and @SpeakerRyan can burn in hell.
Do you support the Republican health care bill that just passed in the House?Make sure to VOTE!
Because the GOP doesn't CARE ABOUT AMERICA
We're deplorable ... but WINNING!
No, you're just deplorable. They just f'ed you up one side and down the other, and you have no clue. You low info ppl are gonna kill us all.
The Senate won't be a cakewalk like the House but I hope Warner is right. But then Trump is actually POTUS so anything is possible. 
We hold our hope in the Senate and your hands. Why would they make such a mockery of our democratic process and scares so many people?
Rushed through!!! You can't be more rushed through then when #ObamaCare was rushed through. In the middle of the night. Obama was shady. DJT
YAY!!!!!!
You have no say.
FAKE NEWS! Just kidding I hope this bill dies soon. Sorry Mr. Bill.
Isn't this guy tired of looking like a fool?
We heard these words B4 and each time #Trump beat the odds. Are you guys not tired of loosing??
I hope he's right
Democrats need to stop whining and make a case for 2018, use this bill to defeat Repubs..i hate democrats, weak in making a case
No whining here. I am calling and blasting daily - what are you doing?
The simple fact that it got this far is shameful.  Proud of yourself now @realDonaldTrump ?  You are #Shameless
Yes! WINNING!
I hope that is sarcasm.  I really, really hope for that.
Hopefully so since this is just a not a well thought out bill to put it politely.
Hope he's right.
Thank you for hearing the Heart of America! You put America First! Good job!
Pleasepleasepleaseplease
Everybody knows Senate won't allow this dumb Bill t pass as is!What then? Will Stock Market stay stuck in place?

Me too! He is the best!
#Dropyourinsurance
The American people don't understand any of the healthcare plans
A boy can  dream
