@timkaine ... Are you two planning on joining @SenMarkey concerns with his letter to the head of the DHS?
You must vote against his cabinet picks and all his unAmerican EOs and proposals. We need you to stand up against him!!!
How would you know about our values???  Stop talking and look around!!!!
Thank you Sen. Warner, for opposing the ban. #wearebetterthanthis
Thank you for speaking out.  Please follow up with whatever is within your power to make America Free Again!
Thank You  for Voting NO on Muslim Ban!
Thank you, Senator Warner - I'm proud to have you representing me in the Senate!
Thank you  but I am very disappointed in your support for Rex Tillerson. Shame on you
Thank you for opposing the ban and lets #removebannon @MarkWarner
Thank you, Sen. Warner. PLEASE keep standing up to Trump and his UNAMERICAN agenda! It's not who we are! #impeachtrumpnow
Please do everything you can to confront Trump and fight his illegal, immoral, un-American actions toward Muslims now!
thank you Sen Warner from your constituents. How will you help organize Congress immed against this threat to democracy?
Senator, R  U aware terrorists posed as refugees, were admitted into Europe & killed hundreds? What is wrong with you?
Neither does Rex Tillerson's appointment as SOS, but you seem to have forgotten that today.
Thank-you Senator from a VA voter.
Thank you Gov Warner. what the POTUS is doing is a disgrace.
Thank you sir for opposing the Muslim Ban
damn right it does ,you people in Congress need to stand up to trump n do it now stop this before it becomes a world war
You are either Leonidas or Ephialtes. Our airports are Thermopylae. You are a traitor if you do not want vetting.
Thank you Sen. Warner for speaking out against this ban.
As one of your constituents, I thank you for opposing this unconstitutional and ethically repugnant EO.
What actions are you taking?
Mr. Warner you don't reflect Virginia values
Thank you @MarkWarner for opposing this hateful action by #45.
TY for opposing this ban. I would like to see you take stronger stands against ALL of administration's insanity!!
thank you for standing up. Do not back down. This is not what America wants. Block all action until they fold.
He's saving the nation-you're betraying US and our COUNTRY! Shame on you!!
Thank you for representing Virginia well!
very proud of my VA senators for standing up for true American - and human - values
      
Thank you for speaking out against this unAmerican order by the @POTUS
Senators need to represent all of the people in their State while not aggravating the rest.
The Senate needs to ratify the Cabinet so that the Executive branch can get to work.
Thank you, @MarkWarner
Send State Troopers to arrest Dulles Custom & Border Patrol Officers. defying court order to stop Trumps Executive Order
Ask Gov McAuliffe to arrest Dulles custom & border patrol officers defying  court order stopping Trumps executive order
thank you for opposing the ban
True! But also, please go to Dulles personally to make sure that CBP complies. #muslimban #DullesResistance #NoBanNoWall
Go out to Dulles and demand answers, stand up and defend your voters NOW!
As a Charlottesville constituent, thank you.
Thank you, Senator. You need to reach across the aisle reverse this immoral, illegal, unAmerican ban.
where is the Virginia delegation? Why are you not at Dulles?
Please no more Cabinet confirmations.
@danieljhicks @POTUS 
.... And yet his list of countries came from a 2015 Obama doc. He enforced Obama's concern!
Thank you senator for being a patriotic American!
Rock on, Senator Warner.
@meg_gruber @POTUS Well that statement was hardly enthusiastic resistance to Trump-Pence-Bannon.
Thank you, Senator!
Sen. Warner, how can you oppose national security?  It's the role of our govt.
Great. Now, what are you doing?
please, can you work with @timkaine &others in Congress to overturn the #MuslimBan? Congress has the power to overturn it right?
Donald Trump is a grave danger to America and this world and needs to be removed from office immediately.
.@MarkWarner Your statement gives hope. What will U propose as legislative solutions to the destruction @POTUS is waging? #TheResistance
Thank you, Senator Warner. You and Senator Kaine are a light in the darkness for your VA constituents. #ResistOften
Bravo Mark!
@MarkWarner what should citizens be doing to combat this?
Thank you Senator Warner for your leadership
Senator, will you lead the way to #ImpeachTrumpNow? America is ready!
So does the "shuffle" in the National Security Council today pretty much giving Bannon control. #speakout now!
@K3UG @POTUS Is Refugee resettlement program a goldmine for Attorneys,groups?Getting rich on illegals too?Who     Gets contracts
Nice tweet.  Now DO something.  #Letthelawyersin
Then go to the fucking airport and help detainees who are not being released
Thank you, Sen Warner. Now where's your statement against confirmation of DeVos? We Virginians are watching & waiting
Please know this is affecting lawful residents.  We need to do more!
Thank you! You are my hero! Keep fighting #resist
As the descendant of Syrian and German immigrants, I thank you @MarkWarner for opposing @POTUS @realDonaldTrump's un-American actions.
Extremist groups will now use the muslim ban to spread that we are at war w/ Islam rather than targeting terrorists #realfact
Thank you mark warner for standing up for what is right!
Please go to Dulles and speak out.
Yet you voted yes to confirm first four @realDonaldTrump cabinet picks.  #FakeResistance
#Kudos for Senator Warner
Thank you for taking a stand against Trump's illegal and un-American EO.
thank you Senator Warner.
Mr. Warner,  I am fearful of this new Trump administration. This is so appalling and comprises our military efforts abroad.

Thank you @MarkWarner for rejecting @POTUS unconstitutional actions. #NoBanNoWall
thank you, my Senator! So glad to had you have you leading the way!
It's unconstitutional. Don't need a statement. We need checks and balances through immediate action from Congress.
Thanks for issuing your statement so quickly, but a pause won't enhance national security. You can do better, @MarkWarner #refugeeswelcome
Thank you for standing up for Virginians that feel this way! It is a stain on our current ethical status.
I’m glad to see this, but words =/= action. I’m looking forward to see what actions you’ll take against this.
thank you, Senator Warner! This EO sickens me; we are a nation of immigrants; perhaps Mr. Trump has forgotten that.
where is select committee on hacking?  Where is Comey's investigation?
THANK YOU.THANK YOU.The genie is out of the bottle and Bannon is his name. Embarrassed & scarred.
Department of Homeland Security: Green card holders from 7 Muslim-majority countries banned from entering the US http://read.bi/2jANFmV 
please organize the Dems for a strong response against the #MuslimBan. It's unAmerican. We must fight.
Correct on both counts, Senator.
Another Senator pointing out the OBVIOUS and doing nothing about it. Say anything but DO nothing? WHEN?
Thank you for being a real patriot!
and exactly how many refugees live with you and your family senator?
thank you. This is outrageous and Congress must step up to stop his entire agenda.
It also may feed into ISIS narrative and help them recruit
thank you for speaking out against the EO on refugees. It is a terrible affront to US values and I hope Congress acts against it
This EO is a pause, you boob. Senator, you are out of touch. You are wrong.
Your existence in the Senate harms our national security. Dem talking about national values is really choice!
ur 100% Wrong This Is What We The Ppl Believe u @TheDemocrats Have No Idea What We Want @Heritage @CR
Thank you for defending our Virginian and American values
can't believe our new president's racist executive orders. And Nikki Haley "taking names"? Lost respect for her...
That is an understatement. It also doesn't reflect the desires of most Americans either.
how in the world can real Republicans give up everything they believe in just because this man won?
pls oppose this EO every way u can: antithetical to US values, history, constitution! & counterproductive to foreign relations
@LesleyHandel @POTUS Thank you for representing me, a Virginian, and what we actually believe.
Thank you for such a firm & timely response & for seeking to uphold both security and the religious freedom we hold dear
Are you tone deaf or something?   @robertcaruso @POTUS
Can we see birth certificate of  @realDonaldTrump I hear he was born in Syria. I mean that's what people are saying.
Thank you @MarkWarner - you speak for me and my family!
.@POTUS executive order doesn't reflect our American values & harms our natl. security interests. 
please vote #no for #DeVosconfirmation!!
on Holocaust Remembrance Day DJT in effect pins a star on muslims. Can we learn from mistakes of history? Sad
Thank you! So glad to be a Virginian during this whole debacle. You and @timkaine listen to your constituents.
@puppymnkey @POTUS 
He is unfit to lead this wonderful country. I don't see the same Americian that I was proud of.
Thank you Senator @MarkWarner
@swoozyqyah @POTUS 

But grandpa trump tho
not to mention this specifically targets a significant portion of your constituents - and our families and friends.
@puppymnkey @POTUS Well Senator,  I hope you follow thru on this. Some of your colleagues are to chicken to keep their promises.

This order only serves to give terrorists propaganda material. Thank you for your opposition, Sen. Warner.
We need to do something about Donald Trump. This can't go on.
@puppymnkey @POTUS 

https://twitter.com/MarcusC22973194/status/825131645950951424 …

We want an public hearing now
This is not the America we all know. This is NAZI Germany.
Thank you for this statement!
DJT is making our place in the world more dangerous with our leadership withdraw, starting public war of words w/ allies
you are my Senator and I thank you for speaking (and standing) up to @POTUS
Thank you @MarkWarner #neveragain
Thank you!
i dont understand why dems want to import terrorist?  Just the risk of doing it
Thank you, Senator Warner - from a proud Virginia Democrat.
Thank you, Senator!
THANK YOU, Senator Warner.  Nothing about this Admin reflects our core values.
-Thank God someone has learned from #Merkels 'cultural enrichment' of #europe
thank you Mark!
thank you Mark & his team!!!
And so does Trump. Trump does not care about anything but Trump. Uses America for money con artist sick liar
