Congressional Dems send Ltr to CBO asking for a full score of Graham/Cassidy (@LindseyGrahamSC would like that too, tbh) 
How could you possibly vote on something you haven't seen?
An excellent ? for the @SenateGOP who evidently thrive on disrupting large sectors of the economy & ruining lives on a lark. #GrahamCassidy
Well the democrats certainly aren't coming up with any ideas to fix their crap Obamacare they shoved down our throats
Patty Murray is working on a bipartisan ACA fix right now with Lamar Alexander, in the Senate. Paul Ryan said he won't support it.
We don't want to fix the ACA, we want it gone
No CBOscore, no vote!
This is the only impact I care about--the lives of real people:
This is my brother feeding my mother, a Medicaid recipient. Her care was $11k/mo. #GrahamCassidy would eliminate Medicaid by 2026. CALL! 
Riots in the streets & return of guillotines for your #DonorClass, sounds about right.

#GrahamCassidyDeathBill
@SenateGOP careless attempts to hide & push through bad/"thrown together" legislation that will kill many will b unveiled. We won't allow it
Would also like to know if some r being promised extra $$ for their states in exchange for votes!?
YES
We don't need your vote. All you alt left ate obstructionist.
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan WE INSIST THAT THE BILL BE AMENDED TO GIVE CONGRESS THE EXACT HEALTHCARE  THAT THEY GIVE TO US. EXACT
ACA can be fixed and will work fine for All America you Coward Republicans, why so much hate for Obama ; Democrats can Help work together !
You didnt want to know what was in ACA before passing it. What changed? Partisan hack!
You "want" or you "demand?" Hire George Lakoff & learn how to frame things. I'm sick of weak images from Dems.
I should damn well hope so.....isn't that the minimum requirement we could ask of our Senators?
If McConnel et al support it, the impact can only be devastating to Americans.
It'll kill people & put them in the poorhouse. That's all you need to know!
It's pretty crap seems to be consensus & takes care away from people and is more expensive. So there's that.
Uuuuhhh so do Americans... we want to know what the freak is happening in our damn government! What are we paying for???
Why? You will vote no anyway.
DEATH TO MILLIONS OF PPL. HOWS THAT FOR IMPACT??
Total annihilation of my state WV, 2/3 rely on ACA, $600 million in debt, 50th in most important categories, except death and drugs...#1.
The "G" in @GOP stands for GENOCIDE.They want to kill off anyone who is not wealthy.
More like, Senators want to know just how screwed they'll be the next time their seats are up for grabs.
The impact will be good luck on getting re-elected if it passes!!! #KillTheBill #NoGrahamCassidy
Really?? You can't just tell it's horrible??
Not ALL Senators want to know or even care, Mark. Just those who are actually in publc servce to do the job of, you know, serving the public
Well Mark, how can you score a plan that gives the powewr back to the states when no one knows how they will implement it? # yer a genious.
If you could pretty please filibuster the fuck out of the Senate if they refuse?
The #GrahamCassidyBill will result in less health care coverage for so many Americans! A vote 'for people and not party' is  a NO vote!
Impact? Here's the impact.
I can't get past the fact that an adult filmed a child being hit in the head. Any parent could see that coming! What is wrong with people!
Any more unbelievable than adults who want to strip healthcare from 32 million Americans and send most still into bankruptcy?
Nope, same kind of disregard for others.
Please do not vote for this bill. It is simply a plan to give wealthy a tax cut. This is Trump/ Pence attempt to scuttle healthcare
@JenTromans @frankthorp @LindseyGrahamSC 
Common sense would dictate that
Seems like a reasonable approach
@SenateMajLdr America will be satisfied if you are all to receive the EXACT care in the health bill as everyone else. We demand it
Republicans don't want us to know the impact of #GrahamCassidy. That oughta tell us something
Mark Warner is so, so naive to think the Dems have a dog in this fight. Won't matter what CBO says.  GOP calling the shots.
Regular people flooding phone lines and storming town halls have held it at bay so far. We can block it.
Anne. Regular people have no say. Last time it failed bc McCain's one vote bc he had brain tumor. Now he'll go for it bc of Graham buddy.
Tell your colleague @SenCoryGardner, face to face. Nose to nose, preferably.
Dems continue to play fair while the GOP chucks the rule book out the window. If The GOP was fair they would need 60 votes to pass this shit
Please vote no
Maybe the Democratic senators but the Republican senators are more than giddy to slam this horrific wealthcare bill through!
You have to pass it first to see what's in it. Right auntie maxine?
Thank you for all your efforts to ensure affordable healthcare for all citizens. #noscorenovote
Why would want to know what a bill would do before voting on it? People just sign things and cross their fingers, right? [Sarcasm Font]
You can read. Go with Bernie.
The rush to push any bill without true debate and with such huge implications is irresponsible beyond words.
Keep up the pressure, Senator! I'm proud to be your constituent! VA7th #flipthe7th
perhaps a "common core" standard for Congress? Could you, would you, draft that Bill?
Call your senators now.Especially if they are GOP.
Republicans too??? Shocking!
not going to make any difference, the Repubs will try & ram it thru b/c they know it's a killer but they want the 'win' no matter what
Their healthcare is a market share whereby / They don't care if u get sick or if u die https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdPSQDKXy0s … #noGrahamCassidy #ACA #Resist
Be nice to know exactly how bad it will be prior to voting.
Well, for one thing, you'll have less control over my health care. I know you don't like that.
This vote is not about Healthcare, it's about fulfilling campaign promises!  @GOP doesn't care if Americans are harmed.  Illegal?    
Bastards wil pay at the polls no amount of Gerrymandering or hacking the voting machines will work. Americans will lynch them in the streets
That's easy: BAD

Some Senators and House Members losing their jobs in 2018 will be one result
Good luck with that, maybe if you wld have investigated the GOP for Russia money laundering they wouldnt have time to pass #DeathpanelCare
Only normal to ask for this
.@gop @GOPSenMajority should get same healthcare as everyone else
Wow, that's rather drastic don't you think
Please don't vote on this.
Ofcourse. That's called regular order.
dont cave in this cant pass it hurts more people than helps stay strong us elderly have limited funds.
Sad commentary on the state of affairs in congress if this is considered breaking news. This was once standard and responsible practice!
It's the same darn bill just a name change!!!
This is more of the same. TrumpedUp Healthcare that will ruin American lives..the Americans who pay you and elect you.Think and vote no!
It will cause deaths,cause millions to go w/o health care and since you don't have to share it,you have no right sticking us with it.
All Senators that are Supporting Graham and Cassidy Bill  you go to Hell 
Just ask @ASlavitt what the impact is.
Democratic Party Senators need to do more than just write letters to GOP requesting impact of #GrahamCassidy . PREVENT THE VOTE.
I am a taxpaying American with a job who just needs help getting out of bed and other ADLs...dont let me be institutionalized #GrahamCassidy
I will die you home and community based services are taken away, and I will lose them with block granting Medicaid  #GrahamCassidy
More Disabled people will end up institutionalized in nursing homes or worse end up dead if Medicare has caps/block grants. #GrahamCassidy
Or call your Reps #TheResistance needs to come out in full force and kill this Zombie of a bill #GrahamCassidyNO #SaveACA
But then you might vote no
Whatever happened to the promise of bipartisanship on any further healthcare proposals?
Why are our own elected officials willing to legislate in a constant state of ignorance and fear? Why not just have a dictatorship?
Only "breaking" if it were GOP senators.
Well, that's the way a bill should go- get info on legislation, get score, listen 2 constituents, debate then vote.
It sucks, BIGTIME
Well decent senators do but I'm not holding my breath on the @SenateGOP
GOP motto = Knowledge is dangerous!
Are you asking for the same info on continuing ACA or Medicare For All?
https://www.facebook.com/NowThisPolitics/videos/1706916949339788/ …
Just when you think you've scrape the bottom of the barrel with these Republicans they show you the barrel has no bottom.
Congress should NOT be allowed to vote on this stuff without debate and cost effects analysis. This should be thought of as criminal intent
Call these key Senators now:
 GOP Senators meeting tomorrow to discuss ACA repeal. FLOOD THEIR PHONES NOW. 

SHARE => 
Did they care what anything else said before they signed off?
So do the American people,  Senator Warner. #FixTheACA
Not GOP senators.  At least 48 of them anyways
@frankthorp @LindseyGrahamSC How thoughtful. How about @gop stops trying to kill ppl by taking away their HC? Bunch of bull!
Impact? Everyone else dies.
It's as if this is the proper way to vote on legislation, particularly a bill which holds millions of our wallets and lives in the balance.
(Wallets listed first as the GOP appears to care more about your money than your life.)
Why in the hell isnt a CBO score mandatory before ANY legislation is brought to a vote???
Imagine that!
The impact is the same as the last two attempts to repeal, but the GOP doesn't care if people die because of their arrogance.
U don't need CBO score 2 kno that the Graham/Cassidy bill will deeply harm the millions that have ACA.Why not fix the ACA, not get rid of it
typical of GOP 2 use$ as excuse 2 hurt millions of citizens, but will spend $B 2 send r young soldiers 2 war 2 die, but take healthcre away.
That seems a bit needy? Surely you can trust Donnie?
GOOD, they SHOULD, they work for US
Thank god someone wants to be ethical @SenateDems
You'd think, but R's know their bill is crap and will hurt ppl. Why else attempt to pass something, anything? Are R's that desperate?
You mean you think you should read over something that will impact millions?  A novel idea. But Republicans prefer darkness and ignorance.
Seems more than reasonable.
GOP doesn't care if this will hurt millions.
With respect, Sir - do ya reckon? This should not be "breaking news". It's common sense. 

Hang in there America.
Yes, please!!!!
Why would they do it any other way?  Oh forgot. They have no moral compass.
Hey Senator, you have to pass it before you find out what's in it! Remember? That's what YOU did!
#NoScoreNoVote
As it should be. This will affect the lives of every American, and the livelihood of many in the health industry.  We want to know HOW.
@adriana7077 They need to know full impact. Cost etc. also hearings and discussion let's do it right GOP !
We would like to know the impact before you vote on it also
If any of your reps are GOP, let them know that on the phone!
How amazing is that breaking headline. How far away from normal we have moved.
Please do not allow @GOP to kill millions.
Please do everything you can to defeat this horrible bill! #Healthcare4All #HealthcareIsAHumanRight
No shit! Heaven forbid legislation is investigated, discussed and voted on based on its merits FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!
What a radical idea!
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR #GOPHATESUS #TakeMineHC #TakeYoursTOO #HEALTHCARE NOT #DEATHCARE #GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR
Will this be like Sessions? Just one vote? Just asking.
Hopefully they are vetting bills a little better than they were.
Thank you, Sir.
Thank you Senator Warner for holding the door! Hold the door,  HODOR!
So this means a delay and some real info about what the bill contains. How can we work to stop this horrible bill from becoming law? Ideas?
Yes!!
It Is the do nothing GOP in House and the Senate that have refused to make corrective actions to the ACA. Trumpcare is get sick and die fast
@GOP figured out less the collective we know the better it is 4 them hence Trump, unconscionable de-regulations and #ACAGoneIn90Seconds
To know what is in a bill you have to read it and study it, that is work. The GOP does not work in the Senate or the House.
Oh heck yes!!!  These Republicans just want to screw all of us for the sake of passing ANYTHING!!!
I bet they do. Expect the Republican spineless to join you shortly, when the impact of Manafort and wiretaps set in.
Do Anarchy and Revolution count as impacts.
Indeed
I want to know why I am questioned about not being able to give my patients enough of my time when I have 6 patients. CA is a 4:1 ratio.
I want to know how you will adequately staff hospitals with nurses in Virginia.
I want to know why you blindly approved BILLIONS for war mongering while schools are underfunded, healthcare is a shambles, etc...
Mark let's get the CBO score First and Medicare for ALL next. # Just say NO to GrahamCassidy
We can tell you without thinking...it will kill millions. You know it too!
Horrific results for Americans
No score, no vote.
Ya think?
GOP is going to remove millions fr health insurance Many will suffer and die Just to give a tax break to the rich This T swamp is deadly
I think this would be implicit Sen. Warner. Not breaking.
Full repeal. If the government was in charge if f the ocean, fish would have to learn how to walk on dry land.
#MoreCareNotLess #healthcarebill #GrahamCasiddy 

#Article25 #HealthCareIsAHumanRight #MedicareForAll

http://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-rights/ …
We need to vote on it before you know what's in it! JS!
I trust you and @timkaine are planning on a "no" vote.
Yes the DEMOCRATIC senators want to know. The other team would prefer no one knows.
#SaveACA
This Bill must not pass, let's keep calling
It will actually help hasten Single Payer, in an effed up way. CA & NYwill take $ & make single payer state programs. Others will demand it.
Please, @MarkWarner, this will affect so many of us. Don't let @GOP do this to the American people just to do away with Obamacare-Stop them!
American people should refuse to pay 2017 taxes unless critical information is released. Seriously, with GOP CONgress, what other choice ?
Thank you Senator Warner, keep up your great work on this bill, and on the Intelligence Committee probe. We are counting on you!
This should not be breaking news. ALL senators should know the full impact before voting on ANY bill. It should be mandatory.
Impact of GrahamCassidy is STATES will have to pay a share and decide on pre-existg conditions. OMG you might have to actually do something
We all know it's bad just look at the skulduggery... "return to regular order".
If mental health care is cut, my adult mentally disabled daughter with schizo-affective disorder will be hurt immensely. Vote NO!
Only the DEM Senators
I hear alt of no, no, no from Chuckles and Nancy, when will they give some kind of input for fixing the mess of Obamacare that they created?
Thank you, senator. Is there any way to stop this juggernaut? Seems there are no sane thoughts among gop Congress.
Would that we had asked that of Obamacare, eh? Guess we'll just have to pass it to know what's in it.
Not only Senators. WE The People MUST DEMAND 4 The CBO TO SCORE this proposal. NO SCORE NO VOTE. @MarkWarner @jupiter896 @SaysSheToday @ACA

Yeah, so would the people of the entire country! We are sick & tired of being pawns at the hands of the @GOP
What a great idea! You mean like actually know what their voting on before they vote !?  I wish I would've thought of that.
The Republicans don't want people knowing what the are voting on.
True, also most the republican lawmakers didn't even know what they were voting on. They voted on McConnell's orders.
Ya think????
They better not pass this heap of garbage!!! You think Americans are upset now? Take away our healthcare!
Any R’s with you in this?
@frankthorp @LindseyGrahamSC You need to vote NO on this, will hurt so many Americans. #CassidyGraham #KeepUsCovered
That wouldn't be news in a sane world. 

Headline worthy in this one.
Voting for a bill before knowing what it contains, w/o CBO scoring, is NOT governing. It's vile-and both insult and injury to the voters.
Damned Right!  We deserve to know what this is going to cost us!  Cheating bastard Republicans are always trying to slip something by us.
What a novel idea.
Markie what happened with Obamacare when Moonbeam Pelosi said we have to pass it to see what's in it
People will die.

You wouldn't vote on it anyway, because your head is still up obamas ass, Can't wait till your out of office
The American ppl would like to know impact of #GrahamCasiddy. We won't be bamboozled. @sengraham2016
Just vote no.
What a concept - know the impact. Wow.
Vote NO !
Is this the only way R's can get anything done is during the cloak of darkness & secrecy?
The American people want to know also ! After all we will be the ones that it effects !
Why they're going to vote for it anyway
THE CITIZENS of the U.S. would LIKE TO KNOW what's in it, BEFORE IT'S PASSED TOO.  It will AFFECT US, and we HAVE A RIGHT TO KNOW.
.@timkaine  You're my senators and I need you to block this! I'm chronically ill and losing insurance would be end of me! #Trumpcare #Resist
NO NO NO NO!!!
Smart!
