Good pick!!!
Go get 'em Sen. Warner!! #TrumpCrimeFamily #trumprussia
He's accepted money from the Clintons you actually think this bipartisan? Warner is a loser! Can't wait for election time! #LibHypocrisy
This is an abuse of power. He seeks to control all 3 branches of government. This is unconstitutional. #IndependentInvestigation
I voted for HRC - (& unlike many others) have seen Mr. Comey all along as a true patriot. You need more staff & independence, Sir.
Thank you. #resist #impeach45 #TrumpRussia
No one cares about your thoughts #ClintonFluffer
Proud of my Va's Senator Warren! Stand strong, Senator, and keep pushing for the answers of #TrumpRussia.
President must go under oath immediately before his coup is complete.
We need to organize immediately and go out to the streets. We are in a full-blown constitutional crisis
Please hurry. All 50 states
I finally thought some Republican has some balls and is speaking the truth. Then realized @FoxNews made a mistake.  Nice talk!
4 a minute thought another traitor to replace next election. Wait a minute still feel that way. Dems wanted Comey  d by P Obama. Hypocrisy
From what little sense this makes, I retort, why not in Jan? O probably wanted to but was allowing investigation to finish. 45 scared now.
Asked/answered. No cabinet in place new non partisan Dep AG confirmed 24 Apr. Investigated/recommend fire. Learn to do your own homework
#FakeVotesDontCount  Gov knows  votes that got him in,shouldn't count. He should be removed #TrumpRussiaCoverUp DJT is playing games w/WH
Thanks for your statement @MarkWarner ! Will Dir James Comey be able to release info and share intel now as a private citizen?
Because of Uranium 1, the only person to benefit from Russian collusion would have been @HillaryClinton.
Thank you!!!
Lawlessness? Really? Where have you been for the last 8 years? Out to lunch? On my tax dime? Go suck eggs. Better yet, resign.
1) #CitizensArrestDJT. Anything 2getOut of our WH He's screwing our Gover & Ppl & causing chaos worldwide hourly.
Probably the funniest twitter thread I've read all day! The comments are a hoot. 0+0=0. You have nothing! MAGA!
2)DJT is not Our Gov allowing this to happen DJT has hurt us daily example  at who's in our WH today. When is this going 2b Removed
Don't forget to add that the press corps was kept out of the meeting with Russians today.We need Articles of Impeachment for obstruction etc
Thank you!  We need that Special Counsel ASAP! #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #ComeyFiring #truthnow
Yes. Investigate away! Let's get the truth on how AG Lynch and Comey fixed the Clinton email probe so she'd not be indicted!
You were for the firing before you were against it.  How very Dem of you
He is mentally unfit. He believes that he is not under investigation. OR he's lying.
We need things to move through and Articles of Impeachment need to be filed NOW!  This is serious and us citizens are very serious!
Pareet Baharra for "Special Prosecutor"?
Well said
Time for the Senate to follow the examples of Senators Ervin and Baker during the Watergate investigations.
#draintheswamp
Hillary and Susan Rice are likely to be prosecuted this time around.  Especially if there is a Special Prosecutor.  You good with that?
@realDonaldTrump is one Orange man but we are many.We cannot allow this wanna be Strongman,Tyrant and Bully erode the principles of the USA!
Comey #spillthebeans if you are ANY kind of patriot AT ALL.
Here's Trump's letter of termination to Comey. Zoom in guys. #TrumpRussia
At what 3 separate occasions is Trump claiming in Comey's dismissal letter that Comey told him he wasn't under investigation?
The American people will stand for NOTHING LESS than a completely nullified election.  Re-install Obama until it's re-done with.
we've been here for months. take action.
I have been and still am taking action. This is no time to back down.
All of your democrat colleagues had no confidence in him months ago. Now u love the shit out of him. Your party is a clown show
You are a joke.
Senator Warner, I strongly encourage you and the senate intelligence committee to investigate trump and his team's involvement with Russia
We are counting on you Senator. Our country and republic literally are in the balance.
thank u senator
Thank you for all your hard work and dedication to getting this right
Thank you for raising these salient concerns. I pray the GOP will be grownup and honorable when it comes to appointing a Special Prosecutor.
Senator Warner you are my senator thank you 4 all ur hard work u r our last hope 2 get 2 truth counting on u to make sure we get truth

These 3 conspired & attempted to steal a Presidential election, doesn't get much worse than that #LockThemUp @POTUS #susanrice #ObamaGate
Thanks for your continued strong leadership, Senator Warner. Virginia appreciates you, and the nation will, too.
Trump appears to be an authoritarian that is destroying our democracy and constitution. We need independent investigation now.
What about when u wanted the Director fired when he was looking to crooked hillary
Thank Christ my senator is actually a sane man.
Nice words. Now act!!
Glad you're my senator. Independent investigation is necessary
Any person for independent counsel appointed by the DepAG or AG will not be honest.We need 9/11 type commission untouched by any Trump ppl!
https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/862098637731635201 …
Way to go Mr. Warner.
Your response claiming pundits said things they didn't on Fox was priceless. Used the talking points too quickly. You are a fraud!
If not previously, people should now be fully aware and skeptical of @POTUS motives based on disregard for basic tenants of law and truth
Yes!
You liberal doofuses will treat any independent special counsel as bad as Ken Starr.
Please play this like you're a Republican and get us an independent commission & special prosecutor!
Well said
Full of propaganda. EVERY new president fires all the the U.S. attorney's and attorney general. Even the @nytimes admits that.
Thank you for standing for the truth. You will continue to have my support in the next election cycle.
Thank you, Senator.
This is a great day.  Justice was served.
Now please do it don't just make statements
Thank you, Sen. Warner--& I hope you will make an independent investigation your top priority. Our democracy depends on it. #Trumprussia
You have got to do something about this tenuous situation it is totally unacceptable 
Too many lies, too many distractions...the smoke is fire. Sound the alarm!!!!
Thank you, Senator. This IS the most important thing you'll do in your public life. 
Subpoena open hearing AG, DAG,  and Comey.

Public
We need emergency hearings NOW! This stinks of a coverup- we cannot allow this comprised liar continue to lead the free world! #comey
If you were for the people and not your party you should have spoken up about Hillary, bill,Loretta on National Security under Obama.
thank you air
The citizens demand independent invest.
Yes!!! We can not let @realDonaldTrump get away with this!!!
HOW DO YOU SPELL COVER-UP IN RUSSIAN???
.@MarkWarnerVA Go after him like our lives depend on it (because it does!)
@TheFreak5000 was it written in crayon?
Independent investigator sir, we are demanding it.
Independent prosecutor now
Both sides need to stop being Dem, Rep, first and be an American for the people. We the People are put last. Be a TEAM
COMEY MUST TESTIFY!!!
How do we make this happen?. So many are saying the same, but who's in charge of this? What can *we* do?
Sen Warner is 1 of my senators & I agree with his statement. We are on the path to peril. The question is how Congrss responds.
You are so full of it and so partisan.
We need an independent special prosecutor now more than ever.
Call Comey to testify before someone "takes HIM out!"
This is an ongoing purge that will speed up in the coming days. A peaceful transfer of power to the next @POTUS is increasingly unlikely.
We need you & your peers to stand up to Trump now. Trump's latest actions can not be tolerated. He is a corrupt dictator.
.@MarkWarner thank you for leadership, once again!! Must have #SpecialProsecutor for #Trumprussia NOW! 

#COMEY #ComeyFiring
@GL650_LynneG  That’s just all you guys have to cling to isn’t it
THANK YOU! Do it NOW!
@MarkWarner I'm a constituent- lead the charge for an independent investigation NOW. This is the time for leadership. We'll support you!
So very troubling. In my 72 years I have never seen such blatant behavior. Such a disregard for the law and the Constitution.
Where you looking the other way the past 8 years?
You have closer ties to Russia than anyone in the Whitehouse.  You continue to be an embarrassment to Virginia.  2020 can't come fast enough
Agreed. And it should happen ASAP. Too much is at stake.
Trump fired someone who reported to him. End of story. Stop whining. Move on.
The president can not appoint their own investigator, can they?
Make the special counsel happen
Thank you Sen Warner. Virginians are counting on you to carry on with your investigation in this troubling manner Ind Prosecutor needed
Thank you sir. Once more you make me glad I voted for you and will again.
I have every confidence in Sens. Burr and Warner to lead a bipartisan investigation. But don't have confidence that committee has the tools.
T is a flake
Put him in shackles and make him read Dr. Suess.
Your face, your body language on Bair, so obviously fake. You're lying & everyone watching knows you are. How do you look in the mirror?
Trump must be removed immediately.He is a danger - a dictator abusing power of our democracy. Save us now, no time to spare. @RepAdamSchiff
Please save our Country from this man
Utmost respect for you @MarkWarner , can you please see to it that it happens??
Nice statement. Now it's time for an #IndependentInvestigation
Wait so you wanted him fired for how he handled the Clinton investigations?
do your relatives know you're just a little lonely snake in the grass? #DemsAreSick
Your response shocking. Investigate Clinton illegal server. Russia Uranium & Trump team but Dems  for Comey to be fired now bad Hypocrisy
Clearly the Democrats just wanted Comey there to kick him around.
Will Comey be invited to testify Thursday
Wow!? There is no investigation of President Trump & every Dem wanted Comey fired because #CrookedHillary lost Comey is a liar he had to go
And the guy who recused himself made the recommendation. This is insane and wrong in so many ways.
Thanks for sending this letter. As a citizen, I'm extremely concerned about the actions of Trump & his administration. This is outrageous!!
.@MarkWarner, with "friends" like you... Did U even try to understand POV of Trump Admin? Y jump to neg conclusion? #Comey made many errors
Because he's a politician he can't help himself
I know you are doing all you can.  But we must #resist.
Thank you. Keep standing up for our system of government.
Thank you!  Please keep pushing for the truth.  Something is indeed very shady with Trump and his admin.  America needs to know asap.
Senator - will #Comey still testify on Thursday?
@katiensmart trumps not out of the funk yet!
None of you should sleep until this is figured out.
Are you sure you're not a democrat?

I fully agree Senator Warner.

Please call Mr. Comey to testify. Please please get to the bottom of this. The nation will support you.
Thank you, Senator. Please continue to fight for what is right for our country.
Mr Warner, while I appreciate your leadership, for the love of the US we need a special investigation into Russian interference
@allmurphallthex Will Comey be able to testify?
Yes
Thank you for thinking clearly!
Pls demand an independent counsel and special prosecutor!
Senator, I beg you to get this tyrant out of office before only a coup can do it.
I hope you do everything you can to ensure that this is investigated, like any foreign meddling should be! Why are folks defending ??
It's up to you now sir.  This may be your moment in history to right this ship of fools and miscreants.  Fair weather and following winds.
Bravo  go for it Trump & Regime are Committing Treason 
Thank you and please keep fighting
Trump needs to be impeached
Talk is cheap. We need your action and leadership. Please. Your country needs you. We are scared 
We Deplors looked at U today as a Never Trump/U & No One else can prove anything/U know Comey,Sally, etc. are liars/U need to support POTUS!
Who picks the people on a special or independent committee?
show that to Sen Feinstein.  She needs bucking up.
Trump needs to be fired...I'd say after 2018 we need an impeachment process for Trump.
Today's action are an abuse of power by the White House.  Citizen's deserve the truth!
#ImpeachTrump
Call for impeachment. This is plainly the Saturday Night Massacre all over again.
Thank you for your leadership Sen. Warner.  Keep pushing & investigating--the republic is in danger.
Thank you
it hapoen d now because it took the Democrats in the Senate so long to approve Deputy AG who reviewed the Hillary email investig
"No there there?" Has this administration told the truth about ANYTHING?
The Russia is BS. Lynch refused to allow an investigation of HC and Comey went along with the flow. The Russians didn't effect my vote.
Sounds like a good way for you to waste more money on something you know will produce nothing.  Typical for you!  Good bye in 2018.
Thank you sir! We need to save our democracy!

Of course, if mishandling the Clinton investigation was actually the reason for Trump to fire Comey, he should have done it in January.
Help us!!!! SOS! Save America!  You are a true Patroit!!!
An Independent Prosecutor is needed NOW!! This stinks!! Remember Nixon?
@SenatorBurr   When will u guys interview carter page, Michael Flynn, and Jared Kushner????  It's way past time. #TrumpRussia
The investigations continue. This isn't partisan, Coney had no authority to exonerate Hillary for her email wrongdoing!!
Thank you, Senator Warner.  Please loudly speak these sentiments on every occasion that you can.  We won't abide a Saturday Night Massacre!
Maybe the Senate Intelligence Committee could, um, maybe get, um, a bit more aggressive?
Find out the truth Senator Warner!
This is disturbing. What are you going to do about it?
Release a press release. Dems release press releases, Repubs support the president. And nothing good comes of it.
@RobWittman it's time for our Republican representatives to stand with Dems like Mark against White House and POTUS interference. It's time!
http://www.breitbart.com/radio/2017/05/09/tom-fitton-on-yates-testimony-no-new-evidence-of-collusion-between-trump-administration-and-russia/ …
 "breitbart" 
Maybe if Mr. Comedy  did the right thing from the very beginning with the @HillaryClinton investigation, he'd still be working.
 that was supposed to be Comey, lol. Sorry
WHOSE SIDE ARE YOU ON??? Are YOU a #NeverTrump er?? Ride the fence, Mr. Is THAT how u get elected? How about actually BEING a Republican!
Please guard our democracy!
Please tell your colleagues not to let this go down quietly! DEMAND ind investigation NOW! - from one of your VA constituents
@MarkWarner until our Senate/Congress stops Trump he will fire anyone that is investigating him and Russia.  take his power away
As everybody but you tinfoil hats know, President Trump isn't under investigation.
bullshit. That's why he fired Comey you dim bulb.
After taking a look at your profile picture it is pretty clear who the moron is. Your claims are baseless, and I have the facts.
What can we the People do other than vote these people out. Tell us what else we can do and we will do it.
Just a reminder: #HillaryClinton complained last week the reason she lost was #Comey. Hey H, He got fired today. Welcome. #Tatiana
You guys can't let this go. This is the time, this investigation must continue at all relevant agencies.
We need an independent prosecutor!
Thank you to my Senator for speaking up
Give me a break where were you when President Clinton fired the FBI Director.  Hypocrite #NoRussuancollusion
He got fired for using FBI funds to redecorate his house. You're a very, very lousy Russian troll.
Lousy Russian troll I don't think so you lousy democratic hack troll.
