No LAW prevents any American from participating in this agreement. But not EVERY American will be forced to PAY for it.
Excuse me, you are a direct threat to Virginia and our jobs! Shutting down our Coal and driving costs up is a threat, NOT TRUMP
Did you vote for the treaty when President Obama submitted it to the Senate for ratification?
WRONG AGAIN   THEY DO NEED TO GET OUT OF IT ............NOW
You're welcome to send 'em regular checks, Senator, sir.
National Security?? Mark, the Earth has been experiencing "climate change" for BILLIONS of years!! What part of that do U not understand??
Sen. Manchin  (D) disagrees
#superdelegate talking points. Try representing pearisburg not Paris
All the mistakes #Trump has made so far this has to be the most detrimental for the planet so far #ActOnClimate
Really? Wake up, FUKUSHIMA RADIATION & FUEL RODS MELTING DOWN IN OUR OCEAN KILLING THE WORLD, chem trails & weather manipulation, RESEARCH!
Let's fix the bigger mistake and impeach Trump. https://www.amazon.com/dp/B072BX6FL3?th=1 … #resist #impeachtrump #trump
Here's a news flash, snowflake. Impeaching Trump won't make Hillary president.
Thank God for that . It will never happen. We won.. we are thrilled with  @potus. No evidence has been discovered no crime as been named.
False
Facts please.
Sessions lied under oath (felony). Kushner lied on security clearance form (felony). Flynn lied about Turkey (felony). That's just so far.
Proof or snowflake assumption?
You're fired.
News item: India set to build 370 coal-fired plants.
It's a great mistake because others countries will not buy green energy from USA and lose many jobs. It is sad 
How are we loosing jobs when we no longer have  restrictions on our own companies ?
You can't talk to snowflakes, basement dwellers or sheeple. They are brain dead and I have found that they only wake up on their own.
Partisan.
Because you want the American people completely broken and enslaved. Why don't you stop the weather manipulations & Chem trails & FUKUSHIMA?
Figured it out what @realDonaldTrump is great at "F-ing" shit/ships up that float well already.
Time to put aside politics and positive it America and her citizens first . God bless America Thank you President Trump for your service 
I'm so sorry and horrified. This feels like a death.
Please elaborate, for entertainment purposes.
Of all the things I need to do today, entertaining a moron isn't even on the agenda.
Well then, back to your cats.
We are leading. We're refuting this laughable attempt to impose global Marxism, and moving forward with clean coal and gas.
Yes and hopefully we will be getting rid of another globalist from Virginia when Warner gets his walking shoes! Sick of his back stabbing!
Climate change is false.


How Was A Climate Crisis Denier Elected President of The United States? #ParisAgreement #ParisClimateDeal 
Watch http://bit.ly/ClimateDenierPOTUS … 
Please encourage clean energy & eco policy cause its effects our health
Please get rid of Tangerine Caillou. Please. For the love of mankind.
Thank you, Sir!  Proud to be #Virginia 'to ourselves & our posterity!' #ClimateChangeIsReal Invest in climate, our future! #ParisAgreement
we ARE taking the lead.  This is a money grab scam
You would think,  as a Senator,  you would concern yourself with the American people and not foreign interests that want our money.
You can still act on climate and not be on the Paris agreement!
Virginia can go on her own-joining CA, NY and others to maintain the Paris Protocols. @timkaine @TerryMcAuliffe
You are the "Historic Mistake" dear senator.Settled science?? "Eggs bad for you." Government "settled science." Do you tire of being a hack?
Thank you. Virginia can join other sensible States.
Then Obama should have acted on climate constitutionally by making it a treaty thru Senate. Obviously wasn't that important
Why don't all u money bags pay for it? That amount of money would go a long way to help this country back on to its feet
.. a mistake selling out America to globalists? Why are you in politics if you are not for America or Americans being successful?
So what can we do about this?
well we know now that Mark Warner is just anothermoney grabbing politician .. His interest are of himself .. NO TO MARK WARNER FOR ANY POST
sad day for usa and the planet keep the air clear anyway possible
Disgraceful.
keep speaking up!
we are already in the lead,why should we pay for everybody else
No... a new great beginning... the American way
If this was so important why didn't Obama go through the process of making it law? Bc it was always BS designed to hamstring our economy.
No, an historic victory for America. There is NO science behind this fraud. Data known to be manipulated & the research can't be replicated.
We are taking the lead- by walking away from a bad deal.
What is settled science?
Look at the picture because if you examine us with a magnifying glass you won't like what you see.
I just want to say, I'm so grateful to live in a state with two very cool Senators. 
@timkaine @SenateDems
Oh God...Trump just saved our economy from total collapse. Of course all other countries want us in - they have a direct line to our wallets
Congress needs to act & needs to act now!!! Get that treasonous half wit out of office please I'm begging you 
But Paris is always retreating. President Trump is winning.
Climate reparations and self-flagellation is not intelligent.
Why isn't it called the Paris Treaty, Senator? Care to explain?
If so important & good for US, why didn't obama get ratified thru congress?
If we do as you ask, the poor will not be able afford electricity, businesses will close, & our debt will skyrocket. All for -.3C in 100 yrs
Thanks for your predictably shrill, Chicken Little response. The sky ain't  falling.
No worries Mark. We will keep moving ahead towards a renewable energy future.
Man is not right
Another colossal blunder by the Master Blunderer, POTUS45. Given the demonstrated depth of his ignorance, this is the expected decision.
I can't help but see a possible pattern here--that he is trying,piece by piece, to obliterate Obama's accomplishments, to try to damage him?
Obama will far overshadow him,even if POTUS45 survives all of the investigations currently underway.The world is starting to figure him out!
What a disgrace for our country! Joining Syria & Nicaragua as the only 3 countries to withdraw from #ParisAgreement adds injury to insult 
Nicaragua didn't sign up because it didn't go far enough. That leaves Trump and Syria. Congrats! #ParisAgreement
You go right ahead. Lead the way. Let's see what you give up first. Instead of us being affected, and not politicians. You pay a price!
Put the pedal to the metal on this investigation. We all know he & his GOP bedfellows are guilty-get them out!!!
You have always been a hyper-partisan hack posing as a centrist.
you are so brain washed 
Senator how did you make 6million dollars while a sitting US Senator?  Pls tell me so I can run for senate.
So PROUD that we have the @POTUS that we do who actually does what the American people want and what is best for them!  Look and learn !!
It's not.
Please do what you can to fix this
In a sane world we would. Unfortunately our world has been thrown into a bizarre dimension where Donald Trump is POTUS (I know crazy)..
You and the other democratic senators abdicated your duty when you allowed Obama to call it an accord rather than a treaty.
Taking the lead doesn't mean shouldering the worlds burden. With #voterfraud in #Virginia you shouldn't even be a senator.
#ParisAgreement
STOP THE MADNESS PLEASE
"An" historic
Lol so dumb
You'd figure as a senator, you would know this crap had to be ratified through Congress. Doesn't ring a bell does it?
Lol....for once, THANKS OBAMA!!!
You need to do a better job.  This country has ACTUAL issues that need to be addressed and your partisan attitude doesn't help.
Look fool, why don't u care what China & India are doing. He did say he's open for better deals. Why are all the Communist countries exempt?
Why was US bearing most of the burden?
Ask al Gore!!!
His mistake was waiting so long to get out.
Tell me why we should subsidize energy for other countries?
EXCELLENT POINT. There will be a lot of judging on here before @potus could finish his speech. Some of them want a one world socialist govt
A historically bad president... how the most powerful country in the world ended up with a man like that in charge, I will never understand.
I'm so very angry!  Speechless
Go to Sweden 
turn off your power and walk to work
Woodrow Wilson said the same thing about the League of Nations, a few years before the League started WW2
Historic mistake Markie, really.
2/10 of a degree in 80 years? Couldn't you take the lead on a deal that actually does something though? Trump even offered to.
Wish u had the same passion for protecting US against terrorists and illegals as u do climate.
Obama was our historic mistake
Your two hash tags are not mutually exclusive.  The USA can #ActOnClimate w/o the economic burden of #ParisAgreement
Let me know when you sell your car, never use AC/Heat, and start bathing in rivers.
Just because an agreement is for a good thing doesn't make the agreement itself good.
Not surprising. He will do anything to destroy this country.  #followthemoney
Deduce trump under thumb of Russian actors. Destroy every goodwill of America. High Crimes and Treason. Please arrest this situation.
Maybe emphasize that by taking some traitors into custody?
