Is there a date???
Oct 25
Thanks!!
Thank you so much. Please keep going full speed ahead on this. We have Russian spies all up in here!
I recommend ALL people are under OATH when they testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee. This is a matter of US National Security.
Absolutely - YES!!
Please nail this lowlife weasel
Do NOT invite! Compel and frog-march his arse before the committee.
As he should. No secrets.
Can't wait!
proud to be a Virginian! 2 amazing senators!
Which one was it? Did the FBI lie to you or did you intentionally lie to Americans?
Tucker ON FIRE Over Trump Wiretap: ‘We Live In A Country With Deeply Corrupt Institutions’ [VIDEO] http://trib.al/7Ndmzsb  
Has he responded?
Suponea if necessary 
Dam this gonna be must see tv. ? Will his pants just burst into flames???
When are you going walk back your dismissal of Trups claim that he was wiretapped now that we know it happened??
Invited? Subpoena that jerk.
Invited, subpoena his ass.
How far will you go, Mark Warner, in your promotion of a false and dangerous narrative of "Russian Collusion" you know doesn't exist?
Invited?  I hope that means subpoenaed.
I concur...
We deplorable's don't concur! It's idiotic! Always has been. Trump is as clean a president as ever been elected! Trump Train!
So. Who cares? We voted for trump not you or his lawyer! Pipe down you hater!
What do you expect to learn from a lawyer?
In the meantime... The Greedy Old Party continues on its merry way.
Cool...right up until he says I think this would be better said in closed session..who r u trying to kid? They should all be in supermax
I'm still looking 4 your apology 2 @realDonaldTrump 4 lying he wasn't "wiretapped" Did u also know the Russia thing was BS from the start?
Time to start doling out subpoenas. Get Trump out of office (& indicted) before he starts WWIII. Enough time wasted!
Reaching for straws!
Arrest him if he doesn't show
Invited or subpoenaed?!
Cohen was supposed to not comment prior hearing but issued public statement. Now he has to appear & testify publicly 
What are you hiding that's causing you to want Trump out of the White House bad enough to continue this charade at the taxpayer's dime?
Already on the news sorry you couldnt get out there first. Your leaks are getting quite disgusting

If you spent as much time legislating as you do chasing ghosts we wouldn't have $20 Trillion in debt.
omg just impeach the unhinged unfit unkind unqualified lunatic! ive got to get some sleep.
"invited" 
Cohen thought he was above the rules and Sen Warner and Burr are going to tell him 
Open session. That ought to be interesting.
I hope Sen Intel Cmte didn't give Cohen an opportunity to RSVP. I'm sick of these unprofessional lawyers that are being paid by taxpayers.
Make him talk ,ask the hard questions
Grill time!
You lied about obama wiretapping, imagine if GOP president did this the dnc presidential campaign , you are a hack
Glad. Although everything about the Trump Administration seems to be about buying more time. Dangerous on all levels.
Can't wait!!
Invited? What the hell?
And a man who said he'd take a bullet for trump would NEVER perjure himself!
Senate/Intelligence: Definition of oxymoron
I do NOT want to wait until Oct!!!!!! THUD=Trump Hypertensive Unexplained Disorder (per Milbank) has settled in here....ready for results!!
When u told the ppl that DT camp was not wiretapped did u lie to us? Jim hen did u find out! Did Comey Lie2u abt wiretapping! We need Truth
Don't invite, COMPEL!
"Says who?" and the rest of the treason crew have never given a truthful answer. Good luck.
Is anyone watching Don Jr.. refusing secret service means he is going to run or contacting his other daddy in RUSSIA ..
thank you for making it PUBLIC.
I hope he takes the 5th and frustrates the heck out of you guys after that bush move you pulled today....
Invited???
At this point, wondering what kind of offer he's getting!!!
"invited".....
I hope your messenger slapped him with the invite, followed by saying "You've been served."
Attorneys client privilege?  What do you think you'd find out?
Plenty of relevant exceptions including communication for purpose of committing a crime and attorney not acting primarily as an attorney.
Thank you for your unrelenting work on this, Senator Warner.
What's wrong with a subpoena ?
Will there be a bailiff with some handcuffs?
Invited ? Just subpoena his butt and quit playing around. I expected way more of you Senator Warner.
And Obama n Comey n Clapper !
Good. No top secret bs for white trash traitors in @GOP suits me just fine. Burn all their bills too.
Give em hell Senator!
Invited?
Good they are looking at you. Hope you get lock up with Hillary Clinton to.
!!!!!!!!
TRUMP CRIME FAMILY Can't Be Separated from TRUMP Campaign Or TRUMP Administration
"invited" lol
"Invited"?!?
for a second i read "appear in open season".... #GoodHunting
Ditto lol
Was he given an offer he can't refuse?
He may try to use responses like invoking the atty-client privilege or the 5th Amendment....either way-ask the questions that must be asked.
thank you ♡
What's this "invited," Senator? Are you going to throw him a tea party? Subpoena!
We're counting on you!
Hahahahahaha spoiler: he won't show.
So you think Pence will be any better? Curious... You do know impeachment doesn't mean removal right? Succession after, still no D in future
That's it? He defied your agreement and instead you give him another 5 weeks to dick you around some more?
so what about #TermLimits, bro?
