you should be voting no for sessions too!
Warner has done NOTHING ZILCH https://www.facebook.com/Removewarnercom-369559236478388/?fref=ts … … … … #DrainTHEswamp #Retweet SHARE #MakeDemocratsLooseAgain
Thank you Senator Warner.
Thank you.
way to be on the right side of History. Teachers around the US thank you.
But you're voting yes to Tillerson? Sure, business guy, put profits over country. Put selling out above country. Disrepect.
I believe you're right and you shouldn't change vote. I do worry about how bad the 'second choice' will be tho.
Please follow @SenSchumer's lead and vote NO on all other nominees.
Schumer is the last Senator anyone should be following. He is bought by big pharm and Wall Steet.
He's voting no on nominees, which is what matters to me right now.
Check Schumer's votes so far - https://cabinetvotes.org/dem . He's voted 4 of 4 to confirm the cabinet picks.
And has vowed to vote no on the remainder.
I stand corrected but remain wary of Schumer. He may just be reacting backlash. http://theweek.com/speedreads/676898/senate-minority-leader-chuck-schumer-opposing-8-trumps-cabinet-nominees …
we voted for you. PLEASE vote NO on Sessions today!!!!!
Stop pretending any of this is normal. 
Americans have been detained and interrogated; asked if they love their country. Get up.
Why are you voting yes on Tillerson?? Grow a spine for Godsakes...
& #DumpDevos !
But you voted yes for Tillerson. How progressive.
ITS A GREAT PICK , WHATS NOT  RIGHT are the #NOBUDGETSENATEDEMOCRATS or the LAWLESS #Dems that #BOO #GOD #Pathetic
THANK YOU!!! Please also vote NO for DeVos! Our students, teachers, and working families need someone better!
Vote no on tillerson and sessions also
But you're voting yes on a man who rec'd  friendship medal from a brutal dictator who interfered with election? Wow$
Thank you!  I hope you are also voting no on Tillerson and De Vos.
Good!  Just Vote No on all nominees.
Vote NO on DeVos too!
but u voted for tillerson. Why? Getting paid much? Or get rich from it? Disgrace, u sicken me
Please vote no on Tillwrson too.
@geoffgarin @USTreasury thank you. Vote NO ON EVERYTHING
how about NO on Rex Tillerson too?!
And on DeVos? Your constituents are waiting to hear same injunction: She's not right to help children succeed in our schools.
Hope you will also be voting no against DeVos.
Thank you for voting NO on Mnuchin!
thank you, Senator @MarkWarner for voting NO on #ForeclosureKing Mnuchin. We have your back when you say NO to Trump.
I agree thanks are in order, but let's remain critical of Warner's previous votes to confirm Trump's cabinet choices.
should have done the same for Tillerson... Election Day coming soon!
you need to get out of office party line barely won last election out next
thank you!
You must vote against Devos as well.
tHANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR HEARING YOUR CONSTITUENTS
& please Vote NO on Sessions!!
Thank you Senator Warner
Great! Also no on DeVos please!
will you PLEASE vote NO on DeVos and Pruitt too?
Thank you, senator!
but yes on Tillerson? Bye
Virginians need you to vote NO on Devos and Tillerson as well as Sessions. We're watching. I know you won't let us down.
As a constituent I urge you to vote no on Tillerson. Must be against Muslim ban. Conflicts of interest. Climate  change denier.
. What about Tillerson, Sessions & Devos? NOVA residents are watching and waiting #StopSessions 
 #StopDeVos #stopTillerson
But yes to Tillerson? Give me a break.
why did you vote yes on tillerson?
what about Pruitt
good what about DeVos?
Stick to your guns Sen Warner! fellow Virginian
WHAT  HAPPENED SIR.
Thank you Senator Warner - hope you plan to do the same for Ed. Secretary for same reason. Not right for education of children.
Thank you, Senator Warner. Thanks for doing the right thing when doing the right thing is not the current expectation.
And without a proper education, we are all doomed as well. Please do the right thing and reject Devos!
please vote no to Betsy DeVos. Please represent me in the 22032.
I hope that you will vote FOR the children of Virginia and vote NO  @BetsyDeVos for education secretary.  #representyourpeople
VOTE NO ON DEVOS. Call mark at (202) 224-2023 and tell him that devos is unacceptable for education
why Tillerson?
No on DeVos. Our children deserve better!
Thank you, Sir.
Thank you Senator @MarkWarner - As a constituent, I also urge you to oppose Betsy DeVos.
Thank you, Senator!
Then why did you not stand up against Tillerson? He doesn't represent Virginia values. He doesn't represent American values
why didn't you vote NO on Rex Tillerson?  Trump/Russian ties are too obvious to ignore.
Why support Tillerson?    Big disappointment . Resist!   It's our only chance to survive Trump.
Vote no for Betsy DeVos too. As a PS teacher & the mother of an ASD child, I am appalled & terrified of her nomination.
Please vote #NO on #BetsyDeVos Word is you're still undecided? #NOTokay @womensmarch #education #resist
But Tillerson was fine? Where do you draw the line? Your constituents shouldn't have to guess how you'll vote on bad nominees.
thank you senator Warner
Mr. Warner- voted for you and believed in your morals and values.  What has happened to the Dem party?  Highjacked!
Also ad constituent & teacher - please vote no fir DeVos!
I expect you to vote NO for any Justice presented. I voted for you, but I won't next time if you don't hold the line.
Good for you but paybacks are hell . Reid and Obama did it their way and know Trump and McConnell will get their way
should have voted NO on Tillerson disappointed STAND UP . That's why we voted for YOU.
How disappointing
OK I trust your judgment and @timkaine So proud of you both 
thank you!
we want you to vote no on Tillerson. vote no on ALL of Trump cabinet nominees.
Too late.
You don't have my best interest with a NO vote!
#MAGA
Thank you for opposing this nominee.
Thank you!! Because he sure as heck isn't. He'll be there to dismantle the system if confirmed.
Vote NO on Tillerson!
Thank you! Please vote No to Betsy DeVos and Jeff Sessions!
Vote NO on DeVos and Trump's SCOTUS pick.
@usedgov  Please No Vote to Ms Devos(Department of Education) Oppose her Nomination based on her previous efforts on Education
Please No Vote to Ms Devos(Department of Education) Oppose her Nomination based on her previous efforts on US Edu
Thank you.  Please vote no on DeVos and Pruitt.
this should NOT have been a difficult decision. You make it sound as if this was a hard choice.
thank you Senator!
Thanks @MarkWarner for agreeing that Mnuchin is the wrong choice for Cabinet. How are you voting on DeVos, though?
God Bless You for this!   Thank you 
Please Vote No for ALL of them.
No it's just cause he's going to tear up your crummy bill and let GSE's out of C-Ship is only reason you care #POS
Thank u Sen. @MarkWarner 4 standing w Americans on this issue and deciding 2 vote NO on #Mnuchin 4 @USTreasury
What about DeVos? @MarkWarner
Thank you! Please vote 'No' on DeVos, Tillerson, and Sessions as well.
Thank you for your NO vote. Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos and Tillerson also.
Thank you Sen. Warner.
I agree anyone losing $100 million personal assets not trustworthy
thank you!
LOL! Your not right for your State or Country but......
Will your tears be fake Schumer tears or really big liberal tears as you watch your crony banking theft vanish?
I agree Mr. Warner! Thank you!
Thank you, couldn't agree more!!!
@TheDemocrats @MMFlint @joshtpm   Finally - as a constituent I expect you to fight trump EVERYDAY.  He is repulsive
re: Mnuchin thank you from a constituent in Alexandria
thanks for all you do Senator!!
please vote NO on Betsy Devos too!!  Terrible candidate!!
thank you Senator.
Good call, Senator! Thanks from Virginia!
Thank You!!
thank you!
what about Betsy?  We can not allow her influence over our Virginia school systems.  Please!
Thank you Senator @MarkWarner
How about a no for Tillerson and DeVos as well?
Thank you!
Thanks
Thank you, Senator!
You neednto stop pandering to the party and do what your constituents want, VOTE YES.
Thank you
Ask for ethical cabinet picks. Throw in a non billionaire or two. 

We, Americans,  deserve it.
Thank You and God Bless you!
Great. Now also vote NO on DeVos.
THANKS  FOR A THOUGHTFUL ANALYSIS OF MNUNCHIN'S QUALIFICATIONS/PAST PRACTICES LEADING TO UR  DECISION TO VOTE NO
DT is destroying our country.  Don't vote for a damn thing he wants.
thank you for standing up for the other 98% and opposing Mnuchin
Please vote NO on Tillerson as well. He is not the right candidate for our country or our planet.  Terrible choice.
and what are you doing to convince some in the GOP to do right by their constituents & vote no, too?
please vote no on education secretary
THANK YOU
THANK YOU.
@JavaMediaMktg @USTreasury Your constituent says thank you.
Thank you!!! Please oppose Tillerson also.
So Mark how many of those foreclosed properties did u buy? I am sure u have NO conflicts of interest.
thank you!
Thank you Mark. Tomorrow vote no on #sessions and #devos please. Thank you from a VA constituent #resist
please vote no on Sessions and DeVos!!
Thank you for the NO vote! The #ForeclosureKing should not be allowed anywhere near Treasury.
Excellent, Mark!  Keep it up. I know we can''t stop them, but we can try like heck to slow them down.
Thank you, Senator.
please vote no on DeVos too!  I support public schools.  She wants to sell them to highest bidder.
Thank you Senator @MarkWarner for voting against Mnuchin for @USTreasury! Lots of reasons to oppose Tillotson DeVos Price Puzder Perdue too!
Thank you, Senator!
let's hope this is your final term we r exhausted having corrupt paid 4 politician like u @ap @bbc @nytimesbusiness
Thank you. Batting 1000.
More like this. Thank you.
.@MarkWarner You should be voting NO on DeVos as well! What are you waiting for?
Careful your hypocrisy is showing. It's pretty obvious you are not the least bit concerned about the majority of Americans.
Thank you.
that face you make when the classified documents are released by the judge $FNMA $FMCC
Thank you, Senator!
thank you sir.
thank you!!!
keep marching in lockstep with Chucky
Thank you Senator Warner!
thank you so much
Shame you aren't so honest yourself!!
Wonderful!!
What about Devos and Tillerson?  Both are equally unqualified and dangerous.
Thank you, Senator. I hope you'll vote similarly on Sessions, DeVos, and Tillerson.
Thank you for voting NO! on Mnuchin, Senator! We need a Treas.Sec for ALL Americans, not just those with billions
The cabinet is picked by POTUS not by Senate. Obama's was confirmed 1st wk voice vote. #DoYourJob
Thank you! Please also vote against Price, DeVos, and Sessions. None of them will do right by the American people!
Thank you Mark Warner.
thank you Mark Warner!!
Thank you, from a constituent, for standing up for what's right.
Thank you. Please also vote no on De Vos, Pruitt, Tillerson, and Sessions. I'm a voter in Virginia.
BS. You're obstructing, voting party line. Mnuchin has knowledge/experience. But Geitner w tax evasion? Sure! @USTreasury
Thanks!
Thanks! Saves me one phone call.
... +++ ...
Tell.me.

Is Elizabeth Warren good on the sack?
Or does she belong in the no fly zone eh'
vote no on all of them.
http://virginia.gop/rpv-files-formal-ethics-complaint-mark-warner-puckett-job-brainstorming/ …
thank you!
Thank you!!
Thank You! May your wisdom prevail.
thank you!!!
Thank you. Please oppose them all.
thank you
Thank you!
No on DeVos too. Sincerely, VA voter
relying on your measured analysis for Pruitt and Tillerson as well
Thanks, Sen. Warner.
thank you for voting no. Please also vote against Price, DeVos, and Sessions. Stand strong!!
