@SenatorBurr  Obstruction of Justice!
We need to get that man OUT of our court.
 This was obstruction of justice by the head of the Justice Department, which under Sessions no longer deserves that designation https://twitter.com/amy_siskind/status/885257630117134337 …
@tribelaw First Perjury and now Obstruction. I've always thought our gov/courts are people with integrity. 
You're right about this one-----AG Lynch visa reaches a whole new level.
Eat that and tell the truth-----ha
Russian lawyer Veselnitskaya Facebook page filled with anti-Putin, anti-Trump posts
PATHETIC! Why don't u stop with the RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA BS & do the job Americans want done. U r the reason people hate politicians.
and WTP hope integrity backs you up far enough to investigate the hidden DNC dragnets that orchestrated this ambush
Yea, it's a bit lower. Keep digging the whole
Shameful Senator! You are not doing the right thing for the country  your remarks all politics  You are they to work for us ! geez wiseup
obamas DOJ let Russian lawyer into US  why is that Senator?  seems like you are barking up the wrong tree
Watch this should be looking at the calls
Your embarrassing Mark Warner
No, idiots that still support Trump are the embarrassment.
Oh john you sure showed me with your snappy repartee
It fits.
This country is more concerned with sore LOSER democratic political MUDSLINGING than rebuilding AMERICA out of OBAMA recession??
drump's people leaked social security numbers in addition to rebotting chaos info. between Bernie and Hilary. It was like a phys. break-in.
Hopefully, drump's continual damage worldwide is fixable, 4 years, the damage? We are a joke in the world. http://MarineCorp.Off .'s wife
Do some real work. @timkaine @MarkWarner  . No one cares about the Russian story except you! @CNN @CillizzaCNN

Your interview with Bret Baier shows how weak as ranking member of Sen Intel, you said I don't know a dozen times - and refer press reports
Agree, a New Level of Stupidity and Hate !!!
@MarkWarner @SenatorBurr @SenTomCotton, why did Lynch grant visa waiver to “Russian Agent”, & why is she in this photo? Lynch testifying??
RUSSIAN ATTORNEY ENTERED USA WITHOUT ANY PAPERWORK.  OBAMA AG LYNCH APPROVED HER ENTERING THE USA   FAKE SETUP FAKE NEWS
What Crime did Trump Jr Committ or are the Dems and Media Rats Blowing Smoke out their Orifice's, again ??
None.
Whats important: to what lengths will Trump go to retain power?  Hes capable of anything, even a Erdogen power grab or nuclear blackmail.
@MarkWarner is here to sow discord.
Thank you for speaking the truth & for your service, sir! Let's take our democracy back! #russia
"DNC operatives actively worked with Ukrainian gov officials to dig up oppo research" RT @peterjhasson
RUSSIAN ATTORNEY ENTERED USA WITHOUT ANY PAPERWORK.  OBAMA AG LYNCH APPROVED HER ENTERING THE USA   FAKE SETUP FAKE NEWS
Can u explain why the FBI was apart of that meeting? You must know if you're doing your job
Why does Trump jr need to meet with a low level Russian attorney if Trump Sr was already colluding with Putin? #itmakesnosense
Once Wray is running the FBI the investigation will be dead. Dems are selling out Americans by agreeing to confirm him. What'd they get?
Russian attorney entered the USA without any paperwork. NO WAY  Obama's AG Lynch approved Russian entrance into USA  THIS SMELLS
same level as Loretta lynch????  33,000 emails???   Uranium deal???
I love this man he tells the truth
@POTUS This is called ENTRAPMENT, set up by Clintons and Obama even though they expected Trump to lose the election. This is treasonous.
Um...Donald Trump?  Junior?  Their lawyers?  SHS?  KellyAnne?  Reince? Oh, and FOX noise...
Boy, oh boy!
I know, 0bama DOJ lets her into the country “extraordinary circumstances" and she immmediatly goes after Don Jr.
Yes, whole new level of need 4 more swamp cleaning 2 include U,  @SenJohnMcCain & @timkaine . Encourage Virginia to vote out ur selfishness!
Make certain you research The Clinton connection to Russia also!
What can we sweep under rubric fake news? How about the Constitution & Justice.  Let the trumps grab & con as much $$$ as they want.
A whole new level?  Really?  Hillary's people wouldn't have listened if someone had something against Trump?  Oh please.
All I see is your partisan "investigation" to distract people from the crimes of Hillary and Barack
Keep up the good work!

How do we know Wray hasn't been blackmailed by @ChrisChristie to be loyal to #trumprussia? https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/885216515276001280 …
Only in the media eyes we the citizens are sick of it all .. it has been proven NO VOTE WAS CHANGED.. move on
Left intentionally uses #Fake Christopher Steele dossier funder by Dems to attack TRUMP
When will we start to see arrests?
What damages our country more than Russia is the Democrats, they are far worse they are just plain evil.
If this is an issue, why hasn't there been equal outrage over HRC's campaign getting info from Ukraine? Pls explain:
Can't wait to vote you out.  You don't represent me or many in Virginia.  Disgraceful.
So stupid.. leave the potus alone & govern for the people!
I deny it...
Agent Smith of the Matrix split into 62 million Russian chicks to make Americans vote for Trump at the polls. Film at 11.
@SenatorBurr @SenJohnMcCain Please ban Kaspersky from US.
 More Sanctions.
https://twitter.com/hackingdave/status/884965949950099458 …
Warner is a disgrace. Odd how an open-borders lib thinks talking to a foreigner is criminal. Go investigate the DNC:
Friendly reminder that DNC operatives actively worked with Ukrainian gov officials to dig up oppo research http://dailycaller.com/2017/07/10/everybody-is-forgetting-that-clinton-allies-did-the-same-thing-as-don-jr/ …
Where do you hid Schumer? We all know his hand is up your a$$ and you are just a talking dummy
The 3 sources for NYT means that there was domestic espionage against Trump Jr.  Is Mark Warner investigating?

Witch Hunt! Warner is one of many high level Dems denying reality to use this for impeachment. Won't work. Try something else.
Thanks for being there for the American people!!! I have so much respect!!
I can deny it.  Did you see Trump Jr on Hannity tonight.  Making you look like a fool.
It was pretty scripted dude.
WHAT A LIAR
When will Republicans stop supporting Trump? I fear GOP won't impeach no matter what! They put themselves b/4 our country & it really sucks!

Don't forget abt others in the meeting, oh @Reince45  wasn't mentioned? Oops 
I honestly believe the answer is in the tax returns.
#Protest #WearYourBurqa #CutOffClits

A whole new level of complete lunacy from liberals
Russian Troll alert!
Muh Russia 
Proud American traitor..Sad
Start telling America the truth - not partisan spin. You can't even get left leaning NBC on your side
I don't know where @MarkWarner came from. I never heard from him for the last 8 yrs. now he can't stop talking. Obama took off the muzzle.
CRUSH THEM @DNC. They will fight with everything they have, dirtier than you can believe. Be ready, cuz it's a death match this time.
Thank you for staying with this investigation, Senator Warner. This Virginian is grateful for you leadership. #Va
Dems in minority, but u need to shut down gov't until impeachment. Trump Admin is unAmerican, and treasonous. History will judge u harshly
CONSTITUTIONALIST @marklevinshow HAS a completely different opinion! STOP THE BS! THERE'S NO THERE THERE!
And you're the one to see it through Senator witch hunter...
Oh, I can. They are called Fox News and they are spinning the crap out of it. It’s systematic programming of denial.

CNN says that too. They can’t both be the most trusted. Frankly, they are both only trusted by their viewers. Who are politically biased.
Go Mark!
I agree!! This is unprecedented!!
Anything to try and make something from nothing. Let's create more diversion so nobody know what's going on
Sir, we don't have to see anything. Mr Moeller will have this all together in every way. We need an exorcism of our national embarassment.
The investigation needs to be EXPANDED
Yeah, a whole new level of NOTHING NESS!!! YOU ARE SO LAME... And you wonder why you are dubbed "Fake Media". Such a joke.
Simply love CBS and dems like Warner guaranteeing more wins in the future for the GOP.  Great job guys keep up the good work.
Sure....
I wonder if this piece of shit is able to get an erection he looks so stressed out his poor wife  probably hasn't had good sex in years 
Because it's completely bullshit. Over a year of investigating and zero evidence. Zero crime. Only the far leftists buy this bs.
LOL. Mueller is going to bury these clowns. Can't wait. :)
Warner is such a putz ... get to work for the country and stop clogging gvmnt with all this collusion nonsense
Keep digging. There's more corruption in that family.
Start holding your breath. You might get your wish.
Be careful DEMS, the deeper you dig the closer u wil get to HRC and her skeletons.
We Great Americans are now at a new level of investigation.
He must have left his glasses home he is blind as a bat a d delusional
When all else fails, obstruct, obstruct, obstruct!!!!!
You have no hacked servers. Maybe you have some fake news but that's still legal and you have no proof Russia was behind it.Still no crimes.
Maybe if you could prove there was any hacking or election interference or that the lawyer really was on a mission for the Kremlin.
Still zero evidence. You're lost in your collectivist delusion with these dems in congress.
any of the Trump clan will deny it. It's their out of touch elitist propaganda they think might keep them out of trouble.
I'd agree with that. However what life changing lesson would they learn in Club Fed?
BRING ON THE REAL ISSUES!!!!
Waste of,
Tax payers money
I bet 38% will continue to deny.
Just look at the paid Trump posters here...
