thank you Senator!
If you break the law, there's consequences. If someone broke into your home, u wouldn't welcome them to stay, would u?!?
Thank you Senator for taking a stand for human decency.
@weRtroydavis @ICEgov Thank you.
what did obama do with criminal illegals?
Fewer than under Obama, but making it seem like more, fake news.
yes, please provide answers in response to @MarkWarner and @timkaine
Fear of capture is a good teacher-maybe some will self deport; should deter others from illegally coming!
dems always worry about illegals. Never about legal residents
Thank you Senator Warner do not let up on this please. #Childofimmigrants
thank you!  Let us know what we can do to help, and deter those who want to harm people affected by this!
So proud to be from Virginia where our Governor and representatives support what is right! @GovernorVA @MarkWarner @timkaine
Your issuing statements regarding agency doing it's job as it has been in in the past is adding to illusion of panic.
How so?
hey none of u wanted answers in fast n furious when one of our own got killed because obama n Holder running guns why!?
As a constituent, thank you very much.
Thank you, Senator, for advocating on behalf of families and compassionate Virginians. What can we do to help protect families?
parents and kids are being deported, breaking up families, thank you Sen
ever wonder why we can't have nice things?
ResistTues event- heard you would rather meet with VA businessmen at paid lunch/dinner than HOLD FREE TOWN HALL for all
too bad you voted for tillerson
Look up the term " illegal " and there is your answer.
this is a heads up do not vote for trumps nominations
Thank you! These are my neighbors!
Doing everything you can to gum up faithful execution of the laws, aren't you?
That's nice, but you also voted for John Kelly to carry this out, along with Tillerson and Pompeo. Embarrassing.
Thanks. Can you also ask how many people have been deported , questioned and the no or raids?
Thank you, Senator. There are no perfect answers right now. I only hope our country finds it's heart at some point.
Thank you, Senator!
Time to step up and meet with your VOTERS !
Thank you Senator. Hope you push for thorough inv of Trump and friends in bed with Russia. Clean his swamp!

lwhen Kelly went supposedly to visit the border he signed papers to ramp up raids and goodlatte wants all of them gone
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator Warner
senator, you've got so much work ahead of you, stay strong. We're having one of those "long National Nightmares."
Thank you! I am concerned about the new focus of raids and that GOP appears to be keep Dems from direct convos w/ICE.
Did u question ICE regarding any of the 2 million immigrants deported by Obama?
good!
oh please... @ICEgov is enforcing law & defending American interests a novel concept after these past 8 yrs of lawlessness
gracias y le he votado a usted dos veces
what oversight is there if these raids?
thank you
THANK YOU SO MUCH SENATOR. We love you!
Thanks you Sen. Warner for working on this.  Now work on releasing Trump's taxes and RUSSIA.
Thank you!
- Thank you.
Your letter  has "busy work" written all over it. Where have you been the last 8 years? Day late; Dollar short.
it's called doing their job something u should think about doing
You sat by and invited illegals to come to VA. You participated in creating a problem you should have been preventing.
Thanks, Sen Waner!
.@MarkWarner thank you for asking @ICEgov these questions. What else can we do to protect people in VA?
thank you! I'm appalled at the lack of humanity many are showing. Thank you for your integrity and compassion.
the numbers of deportations are lower than Obama's why don't you get back to work for the things we need.
only those concerned about humanity will stand against this so-called President's debotchery! Thank u for ur service 2US
I'm so baffled. How can government officials defend illegal immigrants. Must have personal gain by them being here HMM!
actually so do you. Did you realize they pay MILLIONS of $ into OUR SS fund and will never benefit?
Just keep these tweets coming. Proving once again that the concerns of  REAL American mainstream is of no import to Y.
@NMMVVol You do not speak for me, sir. And I am part of the REAL American mainstream. Speak for yourself only.
doing their job. Where were u when BHO deported 2 billion? Hypocrisy on display. Wish u worked this hard 4 legals. #DTS
correction 2 million. Instead of working 4 us, u just want 2 obstruct DJT. We spoke 11/8/16. Will speak again 2020. #DTS
Your disregard of our laws that protect legal US citizens shows you have NO place in this country's government.  #votewarnerout
thank you Senator Warner!! We need more of this!
thank you, Senator!
its called enforcing the law.
IMPEACH this dictatorial president...now...while we can still recover...
Thank you for taking a stand!
Deporting illegal aliens, ~70% of whom are felons, is "causing fear & panic in our communities?"  You need to go #2020
are they illegal?? Ask the tough question Senator
