Thank you to all Americans who made their voices heard. You did this.
Time to drop this partisan repeal process for good and work together on ways to improve health care for all Americans.
Don't invent new wheels! Simply make #Medicare an option available for everyone and let market decide!
#SinglePayer = $32 trillion 
#ACA cost us now $49 Trillion 
One message and that message that both  people agree on is #UniversalHealthCare
Glad you like single pay. Think of charlie gard thats what you voted for. Your child gets sick and gov decides what it pays for or NOT
We should have private plans galore crossing state lines, etc. The more competition the better. Just have #Medicare as one of the options!
FREEIDEAFORMANKIND is obviously a TROLL BOT.
People from other countries call us #Canadians losers/hicks etc. Well, we HAVE #HEALTHCARE FOR ALL. Everyone is covered/ taken care of
Visiting Canada now. Awesome country!!!
Enjoy your visit here in #Canada . Are you here in Montreal by any chance for #FormulaE  ?
Thanks, but no. Visited Montreal a couple of years ago. Loved it and Quebec City. In BC now. AWESOME!
Enjoy BC 
The only way is single payer!
OCare is based on lies! Keep ur Dr! Keep ur Plan! Save $2500/fam! You & ur peers lied to us! Cost curve never went down. Cannot be trusted!
You had a chance to undo serious damage wrought by your support for the ACA, but you sided, once again with the worst of the Senate.
Republican plan would NOT improve. How do you feel about having #Medicare as an option along with other private plans? Competition good!
Ultimately, the best that could happen is the full repeal of the ACA. No replacement. Insurance is & always has been handled by the states.
Agree with full ACA repeal. Should never have been birthed! But want #Medicare as an option to select and let them all compete for my bdness
Thank you! Policies that affect all Americans need to be designed & implemented with input from those it impacts-my health isn't dem or pube
My cousins Medicare costs half of her Social Security check
That's a reason many of us know retirement is a dream, not a reality. A life of hard work shouldn't mean what it does here.
Please work together. Restore regular order. Make American democracy work again.
Why don't you try some real senatorial work, like improving jobs and wages for Virginians. Our miners only get help from the President!
Thank you!  Honored you are "my" senator
Thank you for standing up! And for moving US forward.
You had 7 years to fix it. When you go on it I may believe you
Obamacare is a failure and is hurting middle class families It must be repealed 
If you're not going to fix my health care can you please just cut my grass.  That is a better use of your time
Senator Warner, Why did you use Russian propaganda from FusionGPS to go after president Trump?
And we are with you Senator- thank you for all you do
Thank you Mark Warner. You are an American hero
Two Senators the people of Virginia can be proud of, Mark Warner and Tim Kaine
Long night my ass. U probably went into thrat vote with a closed mind.
Thank you for representing me and my family's values. Keep up the good work!
Our next President!!
Thank you senator Warner for being a leader and making me proud to be a Virginian. Now we need to work on our voting& Medicaid expansion.
So uve been there 7 months and now the work begins? Really??
Ever had something to say to someone who didn't care what you thought? What did you do?
GREAT work...thank you!! xoxo
Thank you for putting people first.
Thank you!!!
A republican agrees!
Thank you again!  My Virginia senators rock
How about stop propping up the big insurance companies and reducing regulation to allow more competition.  Get the government out of the way
Thank you!!!!
Thank you for your diligence!
@realDonaldTrump   So SEN  are you already fund raising for your run at 2020 POTUS ?
Once again dems have shown true colors. They care nothing for amer people. You voted to keep people opressed and you will pay in elections
#MorningKremlinNews
Well, you should be rested. You weren't allowed to speak during the Obama years. That is when you should have been working.
Thank you Senator! I'm proud to have you representing me in the Senate. Thanks for your work against these horrible bills.
Thank youuuuu 
From a fellow Virginian, please consider the 8% plan. It is a hybrid single-payer / free market / cost transparency & regulation reform
Let's quit inventing new wheels. Simply make Medicare an OPTION for everyone and compete with private plans for our business. Let us decide!
yep could use some of that luv here in Va that"s for sure !!insure all Americans !!
ALSO, ditch big pharm and insurance company involvement and have PHYSICIANS assist in designing a comprehensive bill!
Show the courage Sen @SenJohnMcCain showed and work toward a bipartisan solution to provide affordable healthcare for ALL Americans! Thanks!
Stop the division. Step up and work with the other side. Let's reform healthcare #together. We need more collaboration less BS #TermLimits
SAD Representation for Virginians
#MorningKremlinNews
Thank you, Senator!
Great job, Senator Warner. Thank you.
Hey America: THIS is what leadership sounds like, not the cesspool @realDonaldTrump
Doing nothing they could not have one at 1PM!!
Thank you for all your hard work Senator @MarkWarner  ! Now let's fix the parts that need to be fixed and have care for all Americans
Thank You!!!!  Please invite some healthcare workers to the table. We can Help!!!
How about we all get the plan you have? 100% coverage, no deductibles and no premiums?
You need to better research your subject. Your statement is totally inaccurate.
thank you!
Before the work begins, you must remove Trump from the Oval Office! His revenge on the American people is devastating this country!
Extremely difficult to remove Trash!!!
You did a great job!! Thanks!!
Thanks Senator Warner
Thank you...
You will continue to do nothing! Day after day!
You climb aboard SS Obamacare! Going down with the ship!
Thank you
That You Sen. Warner! Let's fix this!
You are all obstructionist.. it's all about keeping Obamacare for the sake that it belongs to dems , but now Americans pay the price
Thank you, Senator. Now get rid of Trump, please.
Medicare as an OPTION for all. It should compete with private plans for our business. Let us decide!
All Americans but especially Virginians, we say Thank you!
Thanks for tonight
Today, Democrats have truly lived up to their name. Statesmen who serve the call of democracy
While you were hard at work -  There was a National 15 Second AD discrediting Mueller and the independent council process about 10:05 PM EDT
Thank you, stayed up, scared for my patients
Thank you Senator for fighting for what is right!
Thank you!!!
Thank you, Senator Warner.
Thank you Mark for sticking with us thru this mess!
You deserve a good night's sleep after the latest ordeal. Thank you for all the work you re doing. Now get some rest.
Thank you for all your hard work .
Thank you Sir  OORAH
#MAGA
Thank you for all of your hard work, Senator Warner!
What has Warner done except harass the President and his nominees? Lead a partisan investigation about fake Russian election interference?
Thank you!!!!
Thank you!!!!
Bravo
If you mean the work to impeach Trump and vote out the GOP, senator I couldn't agree more. Let's do this
thank you, Senator
Thank you for your tireless work to save our country!
Fix the ACA
Thank you!!
U Failed America Again !!!
We the people want you to work together for US!!!! Exclude Trump as much as possible and we will support you.
Thank you!
