Senate Republicans pull the plug on latest plan to repeal Obamacare, sources say http://cnn.it/2xysNlM  
Yes, return to regular order while the middle class life's savings bleed out because we can't afford Obamacare. What do you care!
That's what happened to me my deductibles so high I had to get into savings after five day in the hospital 
So sorry to hear this, unfortunately millions of people are in the same boat, but you know who isn't? McCAIN and his fellow Senators.
Of course not would love them to have ten thousand dollar deductibles
Unacceptable!
It's great better than millions losing insurance
And if you think your deductibles are high now... had they repealed the ACA it would of been 10X worse, + lose protections for preexisting.
My husbands employee came out and said they can't offer the lower deductible plans because if they do it's a 40 % excise tax
How about we return to a bipartisan fix of the ACA. You know it's the right thing to do, Senator. All Americans deserve healthcare u have.
ACA broke me no more savings count
Account
Bye  bot!
Thanks fo letting me keep my six thousand deductible insurance I can't afford to use 
So proud of you
Get rid of McConnell. Worst Majority Leader in 150 yrs
Nope no one can pass it idiotbthinl about it it's going to kill people
That I can't afford 
Wouldn't that be nice...
Yes Thank You Senator your brave voice has saved many! Your a Hero!!!
The #trillions that #TaxCuts for the #rich would add to the #deficit, use it for Affordable Care Act Either your for top 1% or #MiddleClass
You were instrumental in squelching this latest atrocity and America thanks you!! Please lead the charge for revising/fine tuning the AHA.
You mean a civilized democratic process?  Sounds like a great idea
Amen!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain and heartfelt well wishes with your treatment.
No let's start the recall of this disgusting senator!
Thank you sir.   I believe our country was founded by a proper debate.
Over 7 years Johnboy, 7 freaking years and you still couldn’t come up with something, all talk,at the end you had nothing to put forth
Now let's not return to regular order. No debate no bipartisanship. The tax plan will live on long after you're gone. But the kids will pay.
Thank you sir. It's nice to know that someone remembers not just the responsibility but also the mechanics of government.
Thank you Senator McCain
Thank you Senator, I truly hope you beat this cancer. Wish you the best and will keep you in prayer.
So you can mess up the next vote, my my
John McCain please just retire. Go home and enjoy your family. It's ok to say goodbye
Bless you John McCain.
Thank you
Senator McCain, you had an opportunity to return to regular order with the tax bill. You chose partisanship. The country and the people you claim to represent will suffer for that choice.
I registered as a Republican specifically to vote for you for President. Thank you for putting people ahead of party. I stand with you!
You do realize you can vote republican as a registered dem and vice versa. In fact, you can vote with no affiliation at all.
I think they meant in the primaries, which does require you to vote in your party (in some states, anyway)
Ah gotcha.
Thank God. This a MAN concerned about the LAND (country.)
or open debate. Maybe you were privy to their closed door meetings, since it appears that you have been an ally for some time. Your state...
You may see what Republican party has become:  more interested in funders than people & evangelical recruits for DeVos-Mercer-Prince bigotry
Thank you again Senator. You have made millions of lives better.
Thank You!
Thank you!
Don't give us that BS of bipartisanship either the Dems passed failed Obamacare w/out one @GOP vote @POTUS these rinos must go !
Thank you Mr McCain, you continue to earn my greatest respect
If all the news organizations and politicians would #STOP calling it Obamacare! trump, his voters, McConnell want repeal because it's name!
Your kidding. You let Obama tax our business out of business. Now you use us to satisfy your up yours Trump and middle finger. Thanks hero
Senator, you do realize the Democrats shoved ACA down our throats in a totally partisan fashion, right?
At least the Dems had hearings
Thank you Senator McCain. That is how our country was designed to work. Americans are divided, we need leaders to bring us together.
no people like you need a leader americans need left alone without political interference
thank you senator
I will be very happy when you are no longer in Congress messing things up for the working class Americans. I am disappointed
& Impeachment.
From what I heard you bet a ton at 6 to 1 on Hillary Clinton to win election. You're a tremendous handicapper

Thank you Senator McCain
Bless you!
Good luck.
Yes! Thank you!!!
You are a pathetic excuse for a politician! You are the reason our nation is broke!
Thanks again for advocating for a better path! Please tell us where you think we can find agreement on improving the law and its effects.
Or maybe get on to tax reform ( not just cuts for the rich), infrastructure etc. ??
deserves a representative that cares more about their needs than his own selfish interests. Why don't you give them that and retire!
Yes! THANK YOU Senator McCain. Forever grateful for your statesmanship. 
Traitor
Lets see, who will trump blame, Obama, Hillary, Colin, Dems, Bernie, McCain, sick people,
The gop in general, Mexico, Nfl, Nba, PR,
Your current behavior is disappointing.  You were a hero for all. Now? A hero for obamacare.  Read this:  https://www.wsj.com/amp/articles/the-never-trump-triumvirate-1506638102 …
Sure John.... that's what you're all about...
Let's return to some bipartisanship
What happened to this?
Regular order senator is not possible with the democratic socialist party wanting single payer,government run, a disaster for us
McCain needs to replace corrupt self serving McConnell before anymore damage is done to American democracy @SenJohnMcCain @SenateMajLdr @gop
Well said. Your hero a patriot an American thank you
https://twitter.com/georgiadirtroad/status/913708334934642689 …
Thank you, Senator, for reminding me what Republicans used to be. You will always be one of my hero’s.
How's your CIA scumbag friend doing? https://youtu.be/OnnheR7IEuk 
senator, I don't know whether you were awake or not when Democrats pushed Obamacare through Congress, but they sought no such consensus...
@ Xela, wait until the so called tax reform, then you'll really bleed.
How, when, will you return the stolen Supreme Court seat, @SenJohnMcCain? Then you will have rejoined patriotic Americans. Lying Republicans
Why, in your view, does the repeal of Obamacare deserve regular order and open debate, when that wasn't sought in it's passage?
Senator we are familiar with regular order. It has only served to slow down action for members who spend too much time on vacation
Please retire!
I am asking this sincerely, has Mitch McConnell ever overseen "regular order?" Hasn't all of his experience as Leader just been obstruction?
Thank you for screwing the American people one more time, why don't you resign, you are of no value?
It's been debated for 7 years. Get on with it.
Snort. No real debate at all. They made up their minds, then repeated themselves ad nauseam.
Made up theory minds about what?
Our government moves at the pace of snails.
my dad died of a glioblastoma ...a long time ago. even though you irritate the shit out of me, I want you to win that fight. 2/2
Yes, let's just try to amend this debacle that is Obamacare. Make the 10,000 pages a good 12,000. That'll be better.
@cnnbrk thank you for your lifetime of service. Bring back bipartisanship!
I agree John !!!
The two sides are to far apart. Nothing will happen. The leading presidential candidates on the D side want single payer.
Thank you.
Thank you Senator McCain. We should all understand how fortunate we are to have your representation. You hear us and you get it.
Thank you Sen. McCain for being a voice of sanity in a party bought and sold to their donor owners. My gratitude to you.
Booooooo
Bs McCain you chose Trump Spite over MAGA...time to step aside resign get rest...that's the best way for you.
What regular order?  You don't even know what the people need and I doubt you care.  You need my Healthcare.   Maybe you'd wake up.
Maybe things would change if Congress lost their exemption from obamacare. How about it @SenJohnMcCain? Want to give it up and live like us?
Yes! They are not working together 4 the people. It saddens me that they can't do regular order, bipartisan etc. Thank you 4 making the pnt.
I do not agree with you very much but 100% behind you on that one.  Thank you Senator for your service.
Thank you for being a voice of reason
So it's ok to pass bad legislation as long as it follows the rules?
I can’t wait to see your plan Senator
Thank you Senator McCain!
Prayers for you, Senator. Thank you for your service.
Thank you again for being a hero again, again,  and again. You truly are principled.  Thank you
With bipartisanship!
Finally Finally the Senate can act important while doing nothing and get elected forever. Regular Order is awesome.
I can't agree more! Thank you for looking out for us now and so many years ago! God speed!
Stay strong and vote against everything the leadership puts out until they do it, Senator.
again, Thank you Sen McCain! I know you've faced worse SOB's than the tweeter-in-chief!

Our 2 murderous American traitors /war criminals. True soul mates in HELL . Even God refuses to save your souls. Your mom's are not proud
Always a hero, Senator. All the best.
Thank you Senator McCain! You are a brave and honorable man who never fails to serve his country!
Thank you President John McCain
Thank you John McCain. I hope we can look for bipartisan, meaningful change. Change that is discussed openly.
Yes, please!
Govt mandates bankrupting people for lousy coverage, high deductibles. Oh, that's right , u don't have ACA, don't give a shit . PHONEY.
Thank you Sir
Country before party. Thank you, Senator.
Thank you Sen. McCain!
Thank for helping to stop that bill!
You are a hero, a warrior, and a savior. It saddens me Trump has been so publicly hateful towards you knowing your health. Godspeed Senator
Thank you for being the voice of reason and doing the right thing for the American people.
Thank you for your brave stand Senator McCain.
Correct...just as the Affordable Care Act was enacted. And please don't lie and say otherwise! K...thanks!
Yes, treat this as a serious policy, which has enormous impact on Americans, instead of politics! Thank you! Senator McCain!
McCain we the people want you to retire your a traitor like Jane Fonda
Senator that is the problem there is no order in the Senate hell order would be when a Senator runs for office & promises to end ACA he does
History will go down as saying Sen McCain voted to keep the largest income cutting program in history against the will of majority of voters
Americans need a bipartisan Congress to bring  us  together again.  Americans first parties last!  Fix ACA  affordable for all!
Sorry to say this will probably not happen.  At least not with current SCROTUS and Congress.
You sir are patriot. Not b/c of your miltary service, political servicer or your political leanings - rather b/c you stand for PRINCIPLES  
I think I've forgotten what "regular order" looks like... 
Amen Senator McCain
Thank you for your leadership. Sending you positive thoughts and wishe s for your health.
Thank you Senator McCain! You are a true American hero!
Amen to that Senator!!
It's a great idea as long as the GOP's willing to listen to their Democratic colleagues.
Why weren't you & other Senators doing that bfore Obamacare was blindly passed???
You campaigned on repeal Obamacare what are you doing now. Liar liar
Thanks for saving OBama's legacy! You've had 7 years of regular order..
I really wish you hadn't been smeared by Rove and the Bush campaign in 2000. Maybe history would have been changed.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain  
You don’t like it when they play your games do ya?
Excellent!  Return to table and focus on a good healthcare plan for citizens in every state - no difference by state!
Thank you Sen McCain - Congress needs your leadership!  We are very proud of you for standing up to the death-bill.  You saved lives!
When do you join the Democratic party?  I want to be sure to miss that 'show'.
Thank you senator for all you do. Your stability is very welcome in these turbulent times.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain  you are a man of courage and integrity
Note that you are being thanked by hundreds of progressives...
Thank to you still no health insurance!!  You Rhinos aren't going to agree to anything.  American people pay the price!!!
Damn straight, Senator.
Never should have been allowed to get to this point.
Never heard a prog say that about obamacare #MAGA
Sir, you are an honorable American hero! I'm grateful for your service to my state of Arizona and our great USA! God bless you! 
Thank you Senator McCain!
Using reconciliation to pass major legislation is wrong and sneaky
Puerto Rico. US Virgin Islands.
I love @senjohnmccain. Thank you again Sir.
Would that be a late term abort of their terrible plan?
Thank you for being an honorable servant for the people! I salute you!
Give it up McConnell swallow your pride and Bigotry!
We are laughing NOT @SenJohnMcCain but at the ones that "tried" to slip that BS thru w/o a fight, I you sir!!!!! Ty for a mind of reason!
your a hero John!@
Mccain=hero!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you Senator McCain. Please keep pushing them on bilateral negotiation. This one-sidedness is wearying to the soul. We're all human.
Thank you!! 
While I respect your willingness to be a no on healthcare demand regular order from the @SenMajLdr
John, please retire.  Regular order for you and the other clowns in the senate = get nothing accomplished.
Thank you Sir 
Yes, let's.  Before we forget what regular order is.  Thank you Senator McCain.
Doubt they will listen to you.
Wishful thinking! Let me remind you who's still driving this train...
#ImpeachTrump #25thAmendmentNow
Yes, thank you.
I'm a progressive & don't agree w/ u on many policies. It takes courage to do what's right: thank you. Bipartisan solution required #respect
Im an independent & wish more were like JM -
Senate & congress need to change the vote rule to plus three. Majority plus three to make every bill the way founders wanted them two party
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain. Bless you!
You are such a hypocrite, we should have passed the bill then amended it as required.  Only the Dem's can shove laws down everyone throat!!
Let's hurry up and fund #CHIP too.
Doomed to the failed Obamacare thanks to you. Thank you for your service,  get well soon but please retire from the Senate.
Sen Mcain you have used your office to enrich yourself and to gain power so you could destroy others and you have helped few!
That's what I say get work done.  Concerned about White House spending.  Constantly on vacation personal jets for honeymoons????
Let's stabilize and improve the ACA.
Thank you again Senator McCain for standing strong for all Americans! You are a true leader!
Mr. Trump should be taking notes.
With all due respect, senator, as long as @realDonaldTrump is consolidating authoritarian rule there will be no regular order.

thanks buddy
Thank you for supporting decency & common sense. Opposite sides of aisle CAN work together. Prayers to you
Repeal it. You promised.
Thank you  Senator.
Have a vote, put people on record. Own this.
Thank you sir.
John McCain you are a hero in many ways! I am a Democrat but, I have respected you for a long time! You are a man of your word!
Sen McCain, thank you from California for putting the American people above party. Best wishes in your fight against cancer!
Trump and the Nam POW survivors know...you are a Traitor... you refused to bring back the POW'S... the family's are happy about your demise
How do you look in the mirror or sleep at night? Hypocrite, Ur not alone in the @GOP, pathetic
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Thank you Senator 
Yes, let's! All of America would breath a sigh of relief.
Mr. McCain, we fear that regular orders aren't being served for the time being. There's only special order available with orange sauce.
