Lawmakers to Trump: Turn over transcript of meeting with Russians http://wapo.st/2qNLlOa 
make it stop, USA is a target at worst and a joke at best
How about you quit all the obstruction and work with him to improve our country!
Today the Russians are offering you THEIR (version of the) meeting transcripts.  Perestroika blooms eternal.  Nasdrovia.
As you r aware there is no trump crime yet and your liberal friends are telling Americans that there is infection in Intel, Your part of it
We don't need convincing, Sir. Your colleagues do.
TY @MarkWarner 4standing UR ground & defending country before all else. UR leadership continues 2B an example of what government should be.
And your co-chair has no interest in seeing this matter invesrigated and acted upon.
You still think the senate investigation is ok?
Docs: Senator Richard Burr has investments in oil equipment company that does extensive biz with Putin/Russia.

…
Mark Wanker is left looking like the partisan hack he is now that #McMaster has thoroughly debunked this #WaPo propaganda piece as #fakenews
So when does the impeachment committee get created? #askingforafriend
Do y your job ! Mark Warner,you gave your Word!
Don't whine.  Lead.  NOW.  The world is watching.
Pompeo took trumps pledge
Someone set your house on fire and you want to arrest the one who called 911? #resist #impeach45 #TrumpRussia
But keep in mind... unfortunately these days money buys everything 
Thank you, Senator, for your persistent work to uncover this admin's Russia ties. Time for your Repub colleagues to step up!
Your committee is being made a fool of- tonight on fox a New York congressman just said there is an infection in the intell community
Who is Brad Bauman? Made strange statement 2day on behalf of Seth Rich's family~DNC damage control? Calling news about Seth Rich a hoax!
Day 2 and trump still getting away with it. GOP excusing everything. Shame on them.
When can Russia investigation continue? Is there  any progress? I'm furious about how cavalier POTUS is w/ classified intel. W/ RUSSIA, wtf!
And what are you and @timkaine doing to get your peers in the House to take action?
Stay on this, Senator. The nation needs you!
WHY HAVEN'T YOU GOT HIM OUT OF THE WHITE HOUES????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Time for Sp Pros. is over. Time for Articles of Impeachment.
You sir need to get ready for an investigation into you millions made in Russia
Why don't we (Govt - Congress/White House) get off @Twitter and  have a face-to-face and get things  under control NOW
Day 2 and the stupid ass statements from you and comrade kaine keep coming!!
More deflecting. #WordSalad . More important and timely: #SethRichCoverUp #Wikileaks
There can be no question as to the urgency. Time is not on our side.
Can you use a subpoena? Everything 45 does is going to need one
Really need the @SenateGOP and @HouseGOP to step up and put Country over party.... This needs to stop.

The American people are scared. We have a petulant child in the Oval Office. Thank you for your service. How can we help?? #resist #impeach
Now you know how it feels with Clinton's server, but there was definite proof of her leak.
Loved your "Pod Save America" interview.  Informative and highly entertaining. Hope your hopes for bipartisan investigation pan out.
Please keep on this and get an independent investigation and impeachment
Mark, get with the program of Patriotic Americans or your days in office are numbered.....  No vote for 2018!!
CHECKS AND BALANCES! You are empowered by the Constitution to take action against perceived injustice by the Executive.
You can't rely on a damn thing the administration says anyway - you have IC contacts dude. Are you just stalling til the arrests ?
It's not like he emailed it to them from a server hidden in a bathroom.
Are you not the Senate Intelligence Committee Vice Chairman? Make a phone call, have a meeting, impeach his criminal ass! Move on it.
You should be asking @JeffBezos how he got in a private meeting with a President he despises so he can publish the lie on @washingtonpost!
How on Gods green earth was our news and journalist kept out of Russia meeting but the Russia news was let in OUR WHITE HOUSE ! GOD SAVE US!
Press on 2 uncover the truth but you can't be aftaid of where it will lead & who it will impact. Our Democracy & constitution deserve more.
Did you @realDonaldTrump discuss Russia election meddling during meeting ? You "negotiate" w classified info .. or just gave it away
You dems are just as week as the @GOP. If you were serious, you would SHUT DOWN CONGRESS until they did whats right for the country
losing faith here. You guys need to move on this and get him out. 
Perhaps someone should track & plot every obstructive response from every individual affiliated with the Trump team.
Some graphs and quantification would be nice.
I think the revealed patterns would be impactful.
@washingtonpost I believe POTUS, NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER AND SEC. of STATE.
I wouldn't put it past you, Warner leaking to Wa P
@washingtonpost @daveweigel Senator, you need to DO something about this.  Amendment 25. Impeach. Get the tax returns.
We deserve better. Trump is unfit for office.
Well, gee, @MarkWarner - maybe you should check with Tass. Russia is now providing ACTUAL news. Who knew that this day would ever come?
please put the pressure on. I can't believe we are letting this lunatic represent us in the Middle East, NATO etc
Tip of the iceberg, dude.
Do something.  #WITHHOLDCONSENT.
No FBI appointment approval without independent counsel.
Apparently Russian media has already made it all public.
This is why law enforcement refuse to enforce the law. They are involved in the frauds financing Terrorism!
You mistyped "Day 116." But, yes.
Can't you DO anything?
How could we trust any transcript they provide?
Why go by the WH and 45?  Go with what you have and get him the hell out of there
The man has a mental disorder of some kind.  He is the WORSE thing that has ever happened to this country!
