Democrats to halt Senate business over Obamacare repeal http://politi.co/2sIdExW  
As I tweeted Senator Schumer--stop complaining/threatening, & DO SOMETHING. Make us PROUD TO BE DEMOCRATS! Stand up to this tyranny, NOW!
@NastyMindy @MarkWarner @robinriesa ya know, act like the republicans would!
Keep your integrity intact. Walk your talk and call if you need help on the barricades #Resist
And we are American bc we believe in the idea of our country and humanness of the rights in our founding documents as amended. We R alive
The CONTENT of the Bill is still more important than the PROCESS.  Hold Republicans responsible for BOTH.
Toche! It's unconscienable that GOPers won't disclose the changes in the works
Agree but what about Nancy Pelosi's comment about the ACA - something like "we have to pass it to see what is in it."?
--  Stands for BOTH parties. But GOP cd score points and help passage IF they opened up the process.
There's more than one kind of obstruction... what do we call hiding  the bill until the Vote?
Like the Republicans did during the Obamacare vote?
Well you know, you all have to pass it to see what's in it...  
False equivalency: ACA had dozens of hearings & amendments from both sides. Also the legislative text was up for weeks. Debates over a year…
GOP just hate good memories and people who speak the truth. #Trumpcare #heathcare holocaust
Not entirely defending the GOP here, but the Dems sure as hell didn't and don't speak the truth!
Maybe not but Pelosi's actual quote went like this: "We have to pass it so YOU know what's in it."

As a moderate, I trust them over DJT.
And Obama & Dems lied numerous times about Obamacare. I don't trust any of them at this point.
I do not blame you but DJT said: "we are going to have insurance for everybody".
Can you please give examples of that BO lied about the ACA?
You can keep your doctor and your plan.  Those are 2 pretty blatant lies by O.
YOUR LEADER TOLD ALL DEMS TO RESIST and to NOT  participate are you proud of that
Give a taste of what they gave during ACA discussion Didn't approve then but too many lives at stake now. shut it down
You know good & well they'd be freaking out if the shoe were on the other foot. They left you no choice. Thanks for sticking up for #USA
'You have to pass it to see what's in it". Look familiar?
Cowards they are. Remember the next time we vote. Every GOPer is a coward. W/o their abuses of office, they wouldn't be in office.
How do u have time to read a bill when ur head & tongue only says RUSSIA
Transparency is important and both ACA and AHCA have issues. Should throw them both out and start over!
But you said your at "Hell No" and don't know what it is so what's the point.?. #Gone2018
Thank you! You make me proud to be a Virginian.
Keep fighting
@GOP @SenateGOP hold hearings. Actually work the way govt is supposed to.
#ShowUsTheBill #ShowUsTheTaxReturns #ShowUsTheBriefings etc etc #DemocracyDiesInDarkness
The voters of Va. are not stupid enough to elect a hack like Warner, so he must have obtained the office fraudulently.
Keep up the massive Russia/Trump fraud, Senator (& u act like your concerned about debt) & Repubs will have a supermajority after 2018.
Thank you, Senator Warner. We appreciate the stands you are taking for us. Keep up the good work!
Do you think the 2017 presidential election had anything to do w Obamacare? It did. And people are sick of all of it. Stop being dishonest.
Seriously You Passed ObamaCare at Midnight without Republicans. Get Over Yourselves. Democrats are so Corrupt
You must lead this fight not only for VA but for all the US,,,, please throw a knock out punch
When you have a nasty pimple on your face, you cover it up so no one can see it. That's what this healthcare bill is, a nasty pimple!
it's the same as when democrats passed ACA they did it under cover. Have to pass it before you read like pelosi said eh?
Because all you're interested in is stalling on everything- you're frauds, liars and hypocrites.
Thank you @MarkWarner !
@markwarner ...said the man who voted to have the ACA rammed down America's throat. Whaaa...
Trying to make Republicans look evil when in fact, it is the democratic party of the KKK and political violence that is evil.
@politico yes we remember all that discussion and debate during the #ACA
#HoldTheFloor, Senator! We're counting on you!
Changing 1/6th of the economy shouldn't be hidden from the American public. #HoldTheFloor
Yes, please! Put a stop to this staggering insult to democracy!
Geez - stop whining and DO SOMETHING about it.
Full repeal of Obamacare.
Why don't they #showusthebill ? Can you do anything to defend your rights? #resist #impeachtrump #Trumprussia #TheResistance @SenateDems

.@GOP just do it with out them enough is enough !
The asshats don't want to work on the ACA they will do anything to hold up work being done!
Hold the floor!
Thank you for fighting the good fight! #ShowUsTheBill
.Yet you voted against the interests of Virginians with your support of “we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it..."
How can you vote on something you have not seen?
FN Hippocrates
Marky boy, U still own Obamacare!  @realDonaldTrump should just let it fail and implode since libtards still own it! y u passing the buck?
#HoldTheFloor @MarkWarner
those dirt bags working in their backroom believe they're going to push some shit through but with Sen Warner, et al, this will not occur.
Inexcusable. How are so many Republicans completely devoid of ethics and willing to ignore their duty to the American people? #VoteThemOut
Why show U anything! U @SenSchumer R #Obstructionists @BarackObama puppets @FoxNews @WashTimes @realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
You dam liar.  You kept the GOP completely out if Obamacare.  Democrap hypocrite.
Vote-a-rama. Throw everything at them. Use every tool @timkaine
Someone is leaking CIA officials names, pictures, spouses and stations related to  and former Soviet States on the web. Find that leaker.
Most of America is behind your efforts...please, we need hearings, appropriate debate and changes. Praying!
Then you and your colleagues must fully obstruct EVERYTHING until they show you the bill and hold hearings.

#OBSTRUCTEVERYTHING
Its time for people to stand up and go to the ethics commitee and shut this democratic party down. If you dont want to be part of solution
Stop being the problem. There are people out there in trouble with obama care and the dems are leaving them hanging. So much for caring
Is that how it worked with Obamacare?
So you admit you dont know whats in the bill but you are on here spreading fear to people. You should keep your mouth shut til you know.
You helped cram obama care down peoples throat knowing what was going to happen. How many hearings did you have on that. STOP spreading fear
PLEASE FIGHT FOR YOUR VOTERS IN VIRGINIA! DO NOT STOP WE NEED YOU NOW MORE THAN EVER! #ShowUsTheBill
you mean we should pass it so we know what's in it. Ala Nancy pelosi.
Not too many people who were alive the last 8 years buy your indignation.  Republicans a slightly better version of "full of shit"
#HOLDTHEFLOOR
Democrats want to help the president succeed, but he won’t let them. They're being shut out, shut out, and shut out.
Thank you 4 standing up 2 outrageous secrecy. The AHCA affects the lives of millions. This is a democracy. We work together. #showmethebill
Time to unite as Americans and Stop the divisive rhetoric
When is the last time Democrats allowed hearings, markups, & debate on a bill?
The Senate democrats and Dirty Harryheld up340 UN debated billsover 8 years  from Congress!They took an 8 year vacay per Obama!
#Trumpcare is garbage @SenateMajLdr shameful
#NoHearingNoVote
#VoteGOPOut
this is not due process
circumventing debate to deliver tax cuts to wealthy - harming millions
#McConnellTyrant
Your response to real coup: ludicrous. Nothing is done as GOP extremist minority/criminals take our country hostage; thwarting rule of law.
Thank you for doing all that you can to stop this travesty.
#HoldTheFloor!!!
Get em!!
Mr. Warner is this how our #Senate acts? Like #Trump Senate #Republicans are an embarrassment to #American society. #VOTE them out. I will.
@SenateMajLdr You are FULLY RESPONSIBLE! We are a 2 party system and a democracy! We are not Russia and the @FBI will prove it to u! 
When I wrote AFIs in the USAF, we got ideas from affected offices/units, then sent drafts to ALL of them to mark up. Why would you NOT?
Wait... you have to read it!?!
He's Exempt Himself
Linda, who's exempt?
Congress! Especially All the democrats and obama who passed this Disaster Obamacare! It's True
I just wasn't sure, Thx. have a good night.
You too! 
So what can be done to Force a hearing wither the Trutle likes it or not?
Amendment filibuster
Great. Let hopes this work. These guys are restoring some faith I have in Dems. If only we get them all to support  #MedicareForAll
They aren't even showing some Republicans the Bill...it's crazy.  What is crazier. The response once "the cat is out of the bag".  Democracy
Clearly you'd much rather spend America's money and your time on witch hunts and phony investigations than go to work for this country!
We don't want #OrganHarvesters & #Eugenicists crafting our #healthcare #legislation & we mean business! #GAMEOVER #NoMoreBodies #WETHEPEOPLE
With all due respect this is somewhat like the Democrats did with ACA years ago
No, it's not. Google it,  I triple dog dare you! It's the OPPOSITE of how ACA passed.
Actually did.  I'm not a fan of trump although always voted rep til last time but this is a lil hypocritical
ACA included major compromise w/republicans particularly re: risk corridors
But was debated after bill was introduced.
Well at least your not out shooting them down or does that come later when your Authoritarian Socialist Party & Dom Spies target better ones
Keep. Fighting.
Put down your rifle and call off The Democratic Socialist Party's Blueshirts & Violenteers first and foremost
Great! Anything we the people can do to support the Dems? Of course if u are unlucky to have Rep senators keep contacting them
Yes!
Kinda like when Obamacare was pushed through...
No there was much discussion and hearings re ACA
Fight Senator Warner. Fight!!!
You just need to be voted out. None of that happened with O care either. Remember, you have to pass it to read it? Get a grip Warner.
False equivalency: ACA had dozens of hearings & amendments from both sides. Also the legislative text was up for weeks. Debates over a year…
Better go back and read Comrad Pelosi's statements again.
You need to go back and read articles about the actual procedure. 

Pelosi said this: "We have to pass it so YOU know what's in it."
Based upon the latest CBO report. Trumpcare/AHCA is not a solution neither improvement. If there was bipartisanship then ACA could be fixed.
You need to stop relying on CNN for your info
'Someone' is a pesky partisan troll.

What if I told you that you should not tell me what to do, eh? 

I just fact-checked your false tweet.
Your hypocrisy is laughable...go back to witch hunting!
And you are a bot...
Such @GOP bullshit.
"Democracy Dies In Darkness" was supposed to be a warning not a GOP game plan
Only because they couldn't get applause.
