American leadership means not rewarding human rights violators.
@realDonaldTrump The U.S. has no leadership as long as #Trump (Mr. Insecure) is in the White House. The world is embarrassed for the USA.
Thank you, Mark Warner for always standing up for America, and fighting the current administrations attacks to our country for us.
The Chinese will be ringing the door bell soon.
For some nice Cohibas. Other than that......., zip. (They don't need any of the '57 Chevys.)
Chinese about strategic alliances,..building, construction, transportation,
@gthom18_gtr @MarkWarner Cuba isBoringchump change to Chinese. BehindNicaragua,Brazil,Venezuela,Bolivia,Ecuador,Argentina,Chile,Peru,Mexico
Agree. going back to failed 50 year policy will only reinforce anti democratic forces in Cuba
Wrong
Under Grifter tRump America has no leadership!
Nope!  @realDonaldTrump is doing exactly what I did by voting for him!  MAGA!  Mark u just dont get it why we voted for Trump,
make attorneys great again
I only wish Mark had two brain cells to rub together.  Then he might make attorneys great again.  He is really retarded.  his logic is wrong
I am not an expert on Cuban/US relations.However,it seems the vast majoring of Cuban expatriots support the hard line against the Castro gov
Trump is returning rubio's favor. RUBIO will defend him tirelessly because of this.
Makes sense
You are such an embarrassment to Virginia as a senator how come you have gotten so vocal money power Etc
Actually, it says that the sanctions lifted for no reason are put back until they stop persecuting opposition and real elections.
Did you hear about the  privately chartered  Yaght that was pirated  in that area ?
No Mark!! Your "BOY" Hussein Obama made a "bad" deal. YOUR President did NOT reverse everything in this,.. he wants a better deal!! HONESTY!
I don't agree with you.  Encouraging a tyrannical government says far more about our failure to lead.
Calm down with the rhetoric Warner. The Cuban people deserve better.
Mark, so you support sending money to the Cuban military? How does this "empower the Cuban people"?
I think @MarkWarner is only against everything Trump.  If he doesn't support anything, how can be accountable for anything
Reversing US/Cuba relations doesn't help us. Russia /China will fill the void economically & we'll have their spy ships 90 miles from FL.
Their spy ships are now off the coast of Massachusetts, you big silly.
If u need some help on ur comity this=>
Today is the 45th anniversary of the Watergate break-in. Hillary helped the House draw up articles of impeachment against Richard Nixon. 
Other than undoing Obama's work, why did Trump make this decision? What facts support a change? @SenRubioPress
From ur terrorist perspective u r aiding &abetting in human rights violations & side with terrorists.
You have rocks in your head, like the NYT, fake news....look in the mirrow in the morning...are you really who you think you are....NO
Don't like prez crazy but you would criticize EVERYTHING he does...you push people like me to him because u r so consistently hateful
There is no longer American leadership. Trump destroyed that
1 thing Cuba aint doing is fighting isis/terrorist 24/7! Got there shit under military control &they aint BS like some-
...as does every single other thing he does, says and tweets!!!
He's in bed with Russia but hates Castro?  You make me dizzy Senator...Sounds like another Witch Hunt for you!
Sends right message. Obama should NOT have "cooperated" with Cuba without Congress being able to approve.
What sends a wrong message is leaks from special counsel and Congress this proves to be clear and present danger
The message is "we have no leader just an orange ball of gas".
Are you worried the world now sees we have a strong President  instead of a limp wristed apologist?
Mark, do you think you would be worth $200 million if you lived in Cuba?
Why are we sending money to cuba's military ?
What American leadership?
We hope the reference is to emerging leadership?
Wake up people the democrats and obama gave the world everything but the kitchen. We got nothing except to keep sending money for nothing
Yeah. He does that a lot. Keep working hard for us, Mark!
This is the type of discussion that draws division in this country. Warner you never say anything that helps people you keep pushing agenda
Yeah. It says we believe in human rights before profits.
Everything about this president sends the wrong message to the world about American leadership.
The Trump Administration sends the wrong message every time they do something. I find myself apologizing to my friends overseas. A lot.
your a nut!!!!smoke a stoooookeeee
forgot, i pay your wages,GET TO WORK,no tweeting in the stall
Under Trump: it's America's former position of world leadership...
Well, quite frankly, I think that message has already been sent. 
Castro probably declined his offer to build his useless hotels there. Hence, the policy...
Dems would likely do better in elections if their criticism was more concrete than symbolic and abstract slogans, like Am leadership
What obama did wasn't leadership, it was banana republic, and not in anyone's best interest except the castro's you fraud.
Your comment is totally useless
It is just the right msg.  AMERICA FIRST FOR A CHANGE.  YOU ARE A LIAR AND HYPOCRITE .
Unfortunately Senator, we have given up on American leadership under this administration.
Phrase "American Leadership" has become a thing of the past in many minds since Trump elected by his supporters and those who stayed home.
There is no more American leadership. We have an unguided missile in charge. Childish to clear the board for the sake of board clearing.
Baffled! Go after Cuba while having a bromance with Putin. Go figure. Insane
Trump seems to reverse almost all progress & recuse America from being the leader of the free world.
#Resist #Cuba
Coming from a Cuban American who grew up without a father from the Castro firing squad I  #trump
You are so confused Mr. Warner
Mr. Warner, what policy or executive order sends the right msg to world?  It's only for Russia's benefit. Sad.
You might want to discuss this with your colleague Lindsay Graham who is currently praising 45 for his leadership on this issue!
Dear Senator, I read the day that Cuba imports $2 Billion a year in goods and Sevices.60% can be produced by them internally.
Which sets up oppportunties in a very economically poor country for Cubans and innovators.  TY!
He's only wanting to reverse anything obama put in place....... He's a disgrace
#TheResistance u should investigate #Trump violation #CubanEmbargoBan his people may have contacted #Russia back then #Cuba had ties @cnnbrk
Continues the Trump rampage to ruin the US
Every decision they make sends that message, Senator.
History teaches us the best way to convert a communist economy
is to trade openly with them
Agree. Also just fill in the blank: "The Trump Administration's __________ sends the wrong message to the world about American leadership."
Obama was clueless on foreign policy.  A fool.
But it sends a depressingly accurate one. Fight the good fight. I no longer live in Virginia, but still support and admire you.
.@MarkWarner: The Trump Administration's decision to reverse progress in US-Cuba relations" YOUR OVERWHELMING LEFT WING DEMENTIA, IS SHOWING
Undoing Obama's Legacy., The racist jealous Orange Man needs to be impeached!!!! He making way for Russia's relationship with Cuba too!
You are wrong again.
No. Its the right message. It was a one-sided deal that should never have happened.  Dumbocrats rubber-stamped everything Obama did.
Specifically what about it was "one-sided," and specifically what would a "better deal" look like?
Specifically, he has no answer, breitbart and fox don't provide such sophisticated talking points to these morons
His message is "we're not to be depended on anymore". We shouldn't blame people for believing it. Look who we elected? He is a joke.
Bye bye @SpeakerRyan You were in on the Russia thing too ... It's bigger than the Troll n chief Mark. U n Burr can clean this swamp.
Russia building railway & likely now to also get a military base. Missile crisis was 55 years ago. But Obama dropped Monroe Doctrine.
Please Senator @MarkWarner, Trump MUST be stopped!
As do the rest of his decisions
There is nothing we can do. Every time Trump makes a decision is always controversial and individual interests #resist #TheResistance
I'm sure it's complicated, but this seems awfully selfish. And based on the feelings of Cuban-Americans?
Yes. As a Floridian, this just confounds me. But it does offer insight into Rubio's closer relationship with *45.
Apparently he cares more about apprehending one "cop killer" than the entire foreign policy history with Cuba. Just playing to base.
That's why you & the Dems will NEVER get the Cuban vote. You know what that means?? Florida will remain RED.
I didn't say that most of the Hispanics in Florida are Cuban. Cubans vote red and when they are motivated and vote that's how the state goes
I can only speak for the Cuban vote. Romney lost the Cuban vote Trump won the Cuban vote n Cubans still make up the majority of hispanics.
Not sure what any of this has to do with my tweet. I implied if u win the Cuban vote u win the state. Pretty sure since Reagan this is fact
Is there anything you can do thru Congress? I've heard there are some Republicans against this.
trump is dangerously incompetent !
We need to focus #2018
Yes, it is always a good idea to relax relations with rogue nations.  Is the reversal bad for your next business venture?
