Theory: Roger Stone has already cut a deal. Remember the Manafort investigation has been pending since 2014. Holder, Obama, Comey know.
Under investigation since 2014...it's 2017 and they have found what?
I've prosecuted cases at the local level that took years to investigate. I don't see DOJ or FBI tipping their hands for politics
You're full of it. I've seen some of those 3 year "investigations" that sent ppl to prison on circumstantial BS. Wont work with real lawyers
3/ They won't release proof if it is going to compromise an investigation, pure and simple.
It's a political game, pure and simple. If they had any proof that Trump had been involved in collusion it'd would have been made public.
I respectfully disagree. It's an investigation. No one is going to tip off others who may be involved for politics. I trust LE, rule of law.
I can't believe you're really that naive. Everyone involved is politically motivated. The place leaks like a sieve. Look at Comey, a joke.
America wished you applied that in your term
@EricHolder you're as corrupt as they come. Your reputation wouldn't survive a run for the presidency but please try for our entertainment 
Tweet that is aging well. 
#LiarsNeverProsper
I think what he’s really saying is “if you rat me out I’ll put a hit on you and yours”.
Yep, he's still got the "hit teams" connections.
#TrumpCrimeFamily  #TrumpMob #IllegitPresident
This thread has a seething nest of vipers I mean #KremlinTrolls. Here's the first of many:
Oh hush troll. Go be embarrassed elsewhere. P.S.:
It's amazing how we went from "Russia is Fake News" to "Can I Pardon Myself?" in less than a week.
#CNNSotu. Mirror, Mirror, on the wall, who's the most corrupt AG of them all?
Something big is coming. A 3am tweet from Eric Holder? Yeah, something's coming.
It's likely a response to the Reddit & /pol/ scum's latest conspiracy theory.
Trying to make money laundering the norm,  or setting up the "they did it too" story?
Trying to suggest Obama was the real criminal by claiming Holder did not charge HSBC because of Comey without any evidence to support it.
I don't think that's it. A storm is a brewin', treason is in the air, and it's gonna dump a holy incriminating load on Team Trump very soon
Scary, I just tweeted something like this...everyone else can feel the storm coming too? (Mostly anyone who can see through #trumplies) Woah
Things look the darkest just before everything goes completely black.
NRA ad right before Independence Day weekend. NOT A COINCIDENCE. I would avoid public gatherings. Have a barbecue at home. No explosives. 2)
Stay strong there are millions of true Americans who stand by our FBI and CIA and honest American loyal DOJ personnel!
Putting the words honest in the same sentence with Eric Holder/FBI/CIA cracks me up theyve been caught in so many lies it really isnt funny
Exactly! FBI/CIA should be standing behind America, NOT us behind them.Podesta secret testimony ball rolling
Pretty sad when you'll just make things up so that you can feel like your political party isn't out to destroy you. Very anti-American ma'am
I'd use the word "Traitor"
To believe the entire US Intel community is suddenly partisan is mind-boggling and anti-american in itself. Sorry, you elected a criminal.
Who are you talking to-I have family in law enforcement & the FBI
Not you.
Another criminal preparing for his life behind bars...its time to take them all down.
WHAT ACTIONS will be questioned?  Hmm?  It wil spill you know.

Are you trying to tell everyone to hide their stuff? Or they could just plead the fifth like you did
Ur gang is going down,be really scared.
We are counting on the DOJ/FBI to save this country. We stand behind you.
Fast and Furious
Independence Day?
I stand with the career men & women at DOJ/FBI... you don't see us but we the people stand with you and depend on you to keep us safe!!
You're a criminal Holder. The courts will bring You to justice
Troll
Yes he is
He knows nothing of duty, honor or country. If he had an ounce of integrity within him, he would have done many things differently.
Wow, what's about to happen? A 2AM Tweet from AG Holder.
I love cons that pretend to care about gun running but are clueless that fast&furious started under Bush@shar76 @EricHolder
It was still wrong under bush.
if you knew what it was you wouldn't say that and you wouldn't be calling it gun running @KORANISBURNING @EricHolder
What was it? My ex was a sf team leader back in the Iran contra days.
3/4 gun were never supposed to get into final hands operational, an agent didn't follow protocol and guns managed to get by
@Ericholder 

Be prepared for many years in prison for arming drug cartels. You are a criminal and the deaths of many are on your hands.
Look up Iran-Contra during Reagan.....
The entire govt, media, banking system, Hollywood, Pharma, big Ag, healthcare, etc is a shame.  We Live in an illusion created by Satanists
Can't sleep? Been told you are about to go down? You are screwed.
Pretty sure due to the time he was probably smoking crack trying to figure a way out of the country. His ticket is punched and he knows it.
Democrats are shakin in their boots!
Damn DW. wtf.......
& again I wonder- how much did Obama help us on his way out? 
That was a spontaneous uprising over a youtube video!!!

Oh... you mean cartel guns; I thought you meant Libyan terrorist guns.
I hate to say it, but I don't think he'll go down over guns.

Something else...

I wonder if he's involved with Ob. & Val J's post WH ops
Sounds like code for dump everything but too late sir because when Comey went to Cali? They seized his office & have everything.Florence 4U?
That's what it sounds like to me
Hope everyone remembers that the repubs allowed a man with no integrity to b our AG....
Questioning is never unfair, what are you thinking?
Many of us see through the smear campaigns.
What are 3 ideals that Eric Holder did not uphold while in office for $1000 Alex?
"Too Big to Fail" was a duty to Corporations & WS, not your Country and there was No Honor in its Application. Keep drinking the Kool-Aid.
Crooked Holder should be tried for many acts he was involved with !! Big time crook !!
Yeah and responsible for that border agents death . Sold drug cartel the guns used to kill him
#TruthBlessAmerica
Translation: "Please don't rat me out. Warm regards, Eric Holder" HAWWWWW!!!
Still waiting to hear from you about "Fast and Furious"!
 You R The First US Attorney General who was In Contempt of Congress!
Unfairly questioned.... who would do that? I think we might know.
This arsewipes crimes are one of the reasons our president is being attacked. You touch our president Holder you have no clue what will be
*45 is attacked continuously solely on his own actions from his past & present. He is void of morality, compassion & basic human decency.
There was more to that thread. I don't condone any illegal activity
NOTEthe time stamp on fmr AG Holder's tweet: 3:17am!

Think something big is happening
To the career men & women at DOJ/FBI: your actions and integrity will be unfairly questioned. Be prepared, be strong. Duty. Honor. Country.
"For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world might be saved through him." John3:17. 
WOW....outstanding parallel!
TBF, I think the coincidence is more amusing than substantive, but I also expect truth to be stranger than fiction these days.
Out here in PDT it reads 12:17 am.....  "Do not repay anyone evil for evil. Be careful to do what is right in the eyes of everyone."  Romans
Awesome!
Ludicrous, coming from the first AG to be convicted of criminal contempt of congress over operation #FastAndFurious.  #DrainTheSwamp.
LOSER Trumpkin. I think your possum is almost cooked. Go check the pot while I block you.
I think you should consider a run for president
Yeah he really should so we can laugh his a$$ all the way to jail where he belongs.
I think you could actually run for president of you lost the stache
Duty to whom?
Who got the $1.92 Billion?
I would trust every one of those men and women before I would trust the present President.
If I met a giggling man made of scorpions, with small jets of red fire for eyes, I would trust him more than #Trump.
Do you know what 'divine' means?  
If you happen to know what a Birmingham, UK, accent sounds like, I'd remark (in said accent) that 'Ay's a div, ine ay?'
It's very Melbourne? Everything sounds like a question?
I don't endorse Trump and I don't hate Trump. Same went for Obama.  All three ruin American lives by allowing the Drug War to continue.
Take it easy on this guy, his wife is in big legal trouble. #fraud.  Im afraid he is too, but he doesn't even know it yet.
Holy shit! Sounds like you're saying buckle up it's going to get a lot bumpier.
One can only hope. #DraintheSwamp
Crook Holder
Your new apartment is almost done, your wool blanket is on order...
HAHAHAHHAHAHA.....you're ass is grass buddy! Your entire "empire" and obama's cabal are about to be opened up like a flounder! Duty, honor, country...indeed..how about truth, justice and the American way! You're going to need a really good lawyer!
Good...with your resume, won't be difficult at all to tear you to shreds! We are trying to DRAIN THE SWAMP, not restock it! FAST & FURIOUS!!!!
Your such a tool. Lol
No, its not the rank and file, they are doing a great job so don't try to "brain wash" people.....IT'S THE 7Th FLOOR THAT IS SO CORRUPT!!!  You should be getting a little nervous right abour now!
What about the border patrol agent that was killed because you're fast and furious when are you going to see the inside of a jail cell. You were held for contempt of congress first AG to ever plead the Fifth you're a disgrace.
Eric Holder you are going to go to prison for the rest of your actual life and I know you're scared you should be you never thought any of this would happen your plan failed you're going down I hope they put you in gitmo
“Unfairly questioned”? The fact that anyone can be questioned at all without fear clearly indicates integrity. Am I the only one who understands that? This guy needs to suffer a long, losing battle with liver cancer. Just sayin.
This bombshell, and now this....  Something big is coming...
Oh, you mean the hit job by the WSJ that uses a dead man as its source?  You are smoking some strong stuff, dude.
What do you know about Duty/honor/Country?Sell out 2make us Slaves 2Muslim terrorist Invaders of Smoke screen Russia 4Globalism
Yeah, THAT happened. Go get your rubles and retire for the night.
You obviously don’t get real news bud! Check out Minneapolis & the high level gov conspiracy to take down a duly elected president. 

It’s all out there for any conceivable mind to fathom. You just choose not to bc it doesn’t fit your narrative!
You have no idea what Duty, Honor, Country is.  You're one of the most contemptible people to have held office.  We love the people at the FBI. We're just disgusted with the people who run it.
“Duty.  Honor.  Country.” is laughable. You are an enemy to liberty, the people and the republic itself.
I was just thinking, that cargo plane with $1.7 billion sent to Iran,...did “all” of it go there? If $100 million went missing would the Iranians have said anything?
Holder is a racist crook
Not unfairly FAIRLY and it is about TIME #FastAndFurious #Gitmo
Holder you are a wolf dressed in sheeps clothing..helped in setting racism back to MLK Days..shame
Eric holder, for a traitor and a liar to encourage anyone in their government jobs is a shameful experience. The country hates Obama trolls
What in HELL do you know abt duty, honor, or Country, Mr. Holder??? You are only AG ever held in #ContemptOfCongress ! #BrianTerry
Mueller.
Hoping the Intel community leaks all the kid trafficking/pedos SOBs in gov & elite! #pedogate! #theHammer & all knowing NSA has the evidence
You, obama, lynch, clinton and many others broke every rule in the book during your 8 year crime spree. hope they round you up.
We ain't questioning the rank and file. It's the fucktards at the top, like you, that we are saying are corrupt as hell.
Racist and corrupt
Vomit.
Eric u say "unfairly" cuz u still think u & other corrupt ppl r untouchable. UR corrupt, Eric. U dont hold them in high regard. UR worried.
Wow that was one Fast & Furious tweet!
Sober up, Bubba!
His lil buddy was purged from the investigation hmmmm
Yep, BHO appointed two black people who could scream racism every time someone questioned their purely unethical behavior.
honer  country something eric  never did
The majority will not have their integrity questioned, however yours, Comey's & any others that threw in with you will be! TRAITORS!!
those at the top are corrupt as you are. However, there are thousands of honest FBI but you sir, found out a way to get the corrupt on your side with the Obama/Clinton cabel
Thank you Mr Holder.  Please stay connected to this critical issue
#FastAndFurious  u should be in prison. Inciting more violence
Wow this thread is full of nut jobs congratulating themselves about speculation. No facts AT ALL, nothing to point to just specialtion.



Yikes you were held in contempt. I think it's fair to say...you should probably disappear not engage twitter
LOLOLOLOL.  Yeah. Very presidential! you'll have to do better to shake the Obama/Clinton stink off before any political run.
coming from a person who has done nothing but break http://laws.Fast  and furious has new evidence plan on being called
#TickTock
Cryptic. 3AM. Surprise.
U R a criminal. #Obama's entire administration was a criminal enterprise. U will all be discredited if not imprisoned.

#LockThemUp

#MAGA
Eric Holder.. someone please give this Clinton asskisser a job?
You will never be POTUS
And where was your honor sir when you lied about Fast and Furious?  Disparaged our police who protect us every day ... Shame on YOU
Do you guys just yell out the theme and then hit it?
“Unfairly”? - given the nauseating hatred displayed toward Trump by the agents investigating him.
Hey, how bout that mentally disabled man your DOJ chose to prosecute after the FBI entrapped him in order to pad terrorism stats?
I thought that was Chris Christie & GWB?
You & DOJ/FBI were all derelict in your DUTY.  You had no HONOR. And you all hurt the COUNTRY.
Mr. Holder, you have a lot to answer for. It’s not unfair that your actions and integrity,while in Office,are made open to the public.
Duty, Honor, Country coming from you is a joke.
WTF would you know about duty & honor to this country
Holder to @FBI & @TheJusticeDept:
"It's going down. SILENCE. We'll all go down if even one of you talks. STHU".. & tweeted at 3:17am.
you should try it sometime.... irs, gun running, contempt of congress.... need i go on?
LOL. Holder u awake? How dare you remind any1 when you dont understand the meaning of DHC, Shame on you!
Can't wait u got out of jail card but if caught u lied no more free card.Dancing in street when convicted of crimes against America
Hippocrate and Racist traitor. California hates you for what you are doing to our state. Burn!
Fast and furious?
Wow so profound Eric....you're still guilty as sin
Swamp rat 
Thank god for the Career civil servants who truly  put America first.
I remembered you said this and went back to read it again. I knew you were going to be right.
You are such a hypocrite. IRS and Fast and Furious. Both things the DOJ didn't bother to do it's job on.integrity that's a laugh!
And this coming from someone who supplied arms to the Mexican cartel, hmm, some integrity you have there mr integrity
You inspire us all....  To plead the 5th...  Because of your precedent-setting actions, none of us will ever fear prosecution. 
Integrity and DOJ/FBI are no longer synonymous.
Here's the "grain of salt":

Eric Holder’s 1999 Memo Helped Set The Stage For ‘Too Big To Jail’
You don't need to be prepared if you're honest.
BTW, it's Fidelity, Bravery, Integrity.
Your eyebrows are hideous
A coded reminder from their past: "Duty is to agenda,"Honor is to Obama, "Country is to Global Wealth Redistribtion. 3:18AM tweet? #anarchy
Bot
Holder, you are no Dzerzhinsky. And FBI is not NKVD
GOP is burning the Constitution, and through it the American flag every day. Any Faketriot that screams about flag burning can shove it
The FBI/DOJ employees all know you are a criminal, and are glad Comey, McCabe and others are gone.  They want their departments back from the corruption of the Obama era
Indeed yes.I'm waiting 4the tick,tick,tick.Ego&Ratings mean more than lives. The problem is him.
Needs a jail cell now, what a crook....
Damage done @FBI too late.
You can blame Comey/Obama and his cronies for any "unfair" questions levied at the career men and women of DOJ/FBI.#MAGA
Get outta town u traitor dog! Obama minion
So sad, all surface words to you, you're as shallow as your reflection!
Duty? Honor? Country?
Ur a crook dude. Stay down
Says the former AG who was held in contempt.  #fastnfurious
Since when do you know the meaning of honor? https://youtu.be/T4I3GT2M72g 
https://youtu.be/wAD8sn4BF3k 
https://youtu.be/R9HzKiNoRos 
Well that first one is so clearly 'shopped I don't know how anyone could mistake it for anything other than what it is.
You like these better?
No response (aside from this) is warranted. I just can't be bothered when tweeters get snotty. 

Have a good day! :)
All trails of deceit and lies will lead back thru Obama. What exactly was your role in the Obama Admin? Time will tell.
I find your response rather curious, considering that the IG Horowitz is an Obama appointee, and the head of the OPR was appointed by Meuller when he was the head of the FBI.
AND the IG investigation actually started before Trumps inauguration. We are paying attention 
Getting squeaky all of a sudden .@EricHolder I am sure it isn't from being clean! Corruption is like cream; it always comes to the top!
So you armed the Mexican cartels and we shouldn't be worried?  Open boarder supporters are failures
What hypocrisy. This from a former AG who ignored things like the abuse of IRS powers for political objectives.
They need to EARN the public's respect which you squandered while at DOJ.

"Flowery" rhetoric won't bring Terry back.

You. Know.

FRCP 11
FastNFurious:

Duty, Honor, Country is the motto of West Point.

A smart man, especially one who ran the Bureau, would have used the FBI motto, Fidelity, Bravery, Integrity.

But then, you're not a smart man. You're a corrupt, affirmative action political hack. Held in contempt by Congress.
The last three things you know absolutely nothing about.
Whoa, buddy, you called it.
What does @EricHolder  know about Duty, Honor, Country ??
Just asking for a Friend
You, sir, are a detriment to our country! Shame on you! Your sins will be exposed for ALL to see!!!
#DrunkTweet
Contempt of Congress for contempt for Congress.  Not saying much for you as a firebrand for the Republic.
we hold you all dear in our hearts as you weather the storm... we Americans from all party lines are counting on you as you can count on us
There r good ppl in FBI & CIA  but  these days u wonder how many. Leaking & being partisan is not part of job  their in wrong line of work
So far in last 2days we have tweets from cia....fbi.... And now wannabe's from obama' s
Era...hmmm....
FINE EXAMPLE of Saul Alinsky at its finest... keep repeating a lie, the masses who are asses will believe it.. Eric your corrupt we all know it
This is code for remember what we talked about &we threatened your family so you better continue to hide Obama's lies
Like the disgraful way you did
Another rat from the Obama cartel. "Duty, Honor, Country" were those your words as you sold guns into Mexico? Remember Brian Terry? You don't know the meaning of those words.
Exactly! Patriotic Americans ARE BEHIND ALL OF OUR INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES!
Because you know that you and the FBI's  corruption would be exposed!. GOD is in charge now Eric!! Vengeance is His!!  Praying for justice!
AND support from the majority of .
Well sir, this takes a lot of nerve coming from you. Three words: Fast and Furious.

He's perfect for #DNC 
#Crooked to the bone 

After Fast and Furius?  You haven't a fucking clue about honor or loyalty.  How dare you mention any of those things?
Go away Eric. Your sense of self importance is staggering. Hey is that mustache ever gonna grow in?
U have no idea what "Duty, Honor & Country" mean. U do,know what a TRAITOR is,that would be you & fake pres obama
Sounds like a treasonous plot to release your minions against a duly elected President. 
Your weapons will be turned against you.
Pretty sure it’s not being “unfairly” challenged. You are all going down. That includes you, Mister Holder, and you deserve EVERYTHING coming your way! You and every last one of your treasonous cronies. We SEE YOU.   #QANON   #FolllowTheWhiteRabbit   #TheStormIsHere 
What do u know about Duty, Honor or Country?  Do u really think you can run guns, be accessory to murder and we just forget?  Contemptible!
Stop virtue signalling - you are as immoral as any human gets.
By who?  If they are criminals like you, they should be held accountable for your crimes
A propoganda campaign by right wing Sinclair Broadcasting, as seen on John Olivers Last Week Tonight?  Maybe?
What do you know about duty, honor, and country, hypocrite? Refusing to protect the American people and inciting violence is all you know.
You couldn't even give General Douglas MacArthur credit for Duty, Honor, Country comment. You aren't worth the words uttered by such a great man. Shame oh but wait I remember u have no shame.
You're warning your #DeepState buddies about unfairness? 
How about your responsibility in Brian Terry's death?
Can't wait till ur in Gitmo for treason u crook
