Elections have consequences,  soon to be ex Senator. Conservatives will prevail.
conservatives have lost. It's fascists who will prevail. Please educate yourself on this distinction.
those who subvert the legal vote and demand change that dont have democratic support are the fascists. #womensmarch
I'm confused. You are a women's marcher and a fascist?
no apparently you are.  just an example of L fascism.
also, you don't think DJT is a fascist?
Jurys out.  Hes simply undoing the BHO fascism right now. Giving him a chance. More (cont) http://tl.gd/nnd929 
So, did you disapprove of GOP's attacks on on Obama?
Looks like even his homeboys are turning their back on Session's racist ass.. that's one.. don't we only need three ?
thank you for saying NO to Jeff Sessions
This is our next Democratic president...Virginian been begging him to run for 15 yrs!!
Well maybe, you should convince him to run for President in 2020. Think of a way you can convince him.
You just helped. Thanks @dan_sadie! @laidybug45 @MarkWarner
If you have Facebook account, join the Facebook group Mark Warner for President 2020. The website is https://www.facebook.com/groups/147468549060731/ …
@icebergslim1047 damn right!
ABSOLUTELY vote NO  #Sessions
@HartHanson I live in Alabama. Please oppose him.
thank you.
Good answer! #resist
Glad to have you as my senator. #Resist DeVos, too.
are you in fact voting yes on Tillerson?
@Karoli thank you
thank you.
Thank you for supporting women, the LGBT and minority communities by not supporting Jeff Sessions!
good. Now vote no on DeVos too. They're a dangerous combo! Virginia teachers are watching to see what you do...be in our corner!
thank you! Please keep fighting for us!
thanks mark!
THANK YOU.
thank you!
Keep him out!
As Viernam Vet a minority in VA I'm saddened for you blocking an honorable man a champion of implementing the law to all.
Kudos for this. No Sessions, because bigotry is a disqalifier for Atty Gen.
Thank you for having a moral compass.
Thank you @MarkWarner for standing for equality and liberty.
Thank you, Senator!
@RIAWAHINE ANY DEM who supports Jeff Sessions for AG is done
I oppose Jeff Sessions! I am a constituent living in Alexandria, Virginia!
Thank you!
Thank you for standing up for what is right! Proud to be your constituent! @MarkWarnerVA
@Arianna8927 Thanks to half of my senate representation!
I did not support you for governor of Virginia, but you made it nonetheless. That is the way our great country works.
Thank you for voting NO on Sessions!!!!
Thank you for voting NO one Jeff Sessions!
Thank you! Please oppose @BetsyDeVos too!
Thank you!!!
As one of your constituents, I thank you, sir!
thank you!
What specific actions/cases are tied to these suggested infractions by Sessions?
thank you
Thank you for standing up. Be united with other democratic senators. We are scared and we are watching!
THANK YOU for your statement on Sessions. What about DeVos? She's a huge threat to our top-rated VA schools. You've been silent.
thank you!
Thank U for being on the right side of history, @MarkWarner. I hope @timkaine stands against Sessions & continues to support civil rights.
THANK YOU!
Thank you @MarkWarner!!!
Thank you, sir, for standing up for what is right and protecting the civil rights of ALL Americans!
.@MarkWarner Thank you Senator! America is better than this. #StopHate
yet you support the current racist AG. You're nothing more than a partisan hack.
Thank You, Senator.
What world did I wake up in this morning?
@GreenEyedLilo Thank you!
It's amazing how Republicans think his record is most honorable and Democrats cannot accept his stance...bipartisan?
Thank you!
Pardon the asterisk, but no sh*t. VRA won't exist after Sessions. Why this isn't the default of all Ds is appalling.
Thank you!
As a Virginian, I am glad to know that you really do represent me.
Bravo and thank you from Crozet, VA!
I'm proud of my Senator @MarkWarner Sessions would violate human and civil rights directly, and would disenfranchise Black and Latino voters
Thanks you. All @SenateDems shld follow your lead.
Please don't support this man. RESIST!!! #NOTMYPRESIDENT
Nor can you support DeVos.  She'll set them up through education for profit, and he'll slam the cell door shut.
@sharon_leff Thank you so much!!!
thank you, Senator! I hope you make the same call on DeVos.
Thank goodness there's at least one nomination you're willing to oppose!  #SenateVotingRecord #Fail
Senator Warner, will you oppose Betsy DeVos?  Please recognize that she is not qualified.  TY - a constituent ARL, VA
Thank you.  He would be a disaster for regular people (as most of us are).
Thank you Sen. Warner!
please! Do NOT support #BetsyDeVos either!!!!
Thank you! Please do everything in your power to block the remaining nominees es. Pruitt & DeVos who are lethal for our children
you and @timkaine are the best
I love my Senators. Thank you.
Thank you so much for hearing us and for replying here.
Thank you for taking a stand on Sessions. What about DeVos? Please don't support her nomination. She's a danger to our kids
thank you!
of course not but you supported Lynch and Holder. They did anything but maintain rule of law
Thank you from a fired-up Virginia voter!  Please do not support DeVos, either!
Thank You!
Thank you!!
Thank you sir.
As your constituent, I thank you! I also ask you to vote agains Ms. DeVos. Our children can be victim of this poor selection.
Thank you for making us proud! 
Thank You.  After repeated calls, I pray my representatives will do the same.
Thank you for this, Senator. Please also oppose Betsy DeVos for Education. We need competence and clarity, not cronyism.
Please don't support the education secretary nominee either. She's wholly unqualified.
thank you thank you!!
Thank you for listening to your constituents!!
As a supporter and voter for you, I feel you are supporting party lines and not my interest in this matter, will have to eval U
Thank you!
you are making a serious mistake in not supporting Sessions but then you've become an expert in making mistakes
THANK YOU. As you can see from this thread, 99.99999% of your constituents support this decision.
Thank you, Senator Warner.
and i thank you for that
Good decision!  We support you!
Thank you,  Senator Warner!
thank you for representing your constituents concerns!
Thank you Senator!  I hope to see another tweet opposing Devos as well.
But you were perfectly happy with political hack Loretta Lynch.
Thank you.
hallelujah!!!!!!#RESISTANCE #ResistTrump
Thank you!
That hearing should be put on hold until tRump respects rule of law!
@TorreySmithWR 
Warner is a moron. Sessions is a great man who has been lied about. But fools believe the media/Devilcrat lies.
Voting against a DV bill because it's a bad bill doesn't mean you're 4 domestic violence http://dailycaller.com/2017/01/16/jeff-sessions-was-right-to-vote-against-domestic-violence-legislation/ … #YouKnowBetter
This is the kind of dishonest statement that led people to elect @realDonaldTrump  and does not reflect reality.
THANK YOU!
Thank you
thank you.
HOORAY!!! So proud! Thank you from a grateful constituent.
@IndivisibleTeam bravo!
Thank you for taking a stand for justice for all Americans.
Thank you, Senator Warner. You are on the right side of history.
Thank you! “@MarkWarner: I cannot support Jeff Sessions for Attorney General. ”
It should be considered political suicide for any @SenateDems to vote for Sessions unless they plan on running as a member of the @GOP next.
as one of your constituents I want to thank you for opposing Jeff Sessions for Attorney General.
I totally agree.
Thank you Senator Warnef
It's about time you voted against one of Trump's nominees.
I'm deeply disappointed with your decision not to support @jeffsessions for AG.
Thanks for opposing Jeff Sessions.
your gross DERELICTION of DUTY to your party. Any support of Trump is an act of TREASON!
The RESISTANCE IS HERE AND ENERGIZED!
SO DONT!!!!!!!
Thank you!
this is important for civil rights and fair housing.  Thank you!
Thank you! I hope you will oppose DeVos as well.
Thank you @MarkWarner!
Thank you Senator. Please talk some sense into your friends on both sides of the aisle. Americans (and history) will remember.
VOTE NO ON SESSIONS! Call ALL Senators & ALL Offices EVERY DAY!  Even from other states! .@1PantsuitNation  https://www.facebook.com/Pantsuit.Nation/ … #maddow
I am so glad I voted for you! This is you help make Virginia an awesome state! Conditions
Thank you, @MarkWarner for opposing Sessions nomination. Our nation deserves an AG who will defend voting rights and civil rights for all.
Thank you!
Thank you for your sensitivity and insights about these important issues.
@AgitatorsNeeded Mark do not support Betsy Devos either. She is unqualified. #NoVouchersForEducation
thank you for doing the only sane thing in this insanity
Would yousupport your constituents when they want to buy prescription meds in Canada?   We don't like cronyism w/ Big Pharma.
Thank you for that.
thank you Senator Warner for voting NO! Jeff Sessions must not become attorney general!
Honestly, who can? Thanks for standing firm on this one, Senator.
Thank you, Mark!
Thank you for your continued hard work
@timkaine THANK YOU, Sen. Warner. Please work w/ Tim Kaine-encourage him to take the same stand. DJT cabinet=swamp.
Thank you for this stance and for all you do for the state for Virginia. This constituent stands with you.
Thank you! Please oppose Betsy DeVos as well. She is unfit for Sec. of Education.
thank you
thank you!
@ActDontReact Thank you, keep it up!
Bravo.  Character, truly IS DESTINY.
Thank you sir! This Texan does NOT support #Sessions
About time. What's with your vote w/R's against imp of Canadian drugs, many mfg'd in US ? voting with donor(s), not constituents
I'm glad to hear this. I live in VA and I hope you also oppose DeVos for Education Secretary.
Thank you for your opposition and your statement!
thank you!
Thank you! I hope @SenatorCardin and @ChrisVanHollen vote the same otherwise they can be replaced too. NO MERCY.
Thank you for your "no" vote on Jeff Sessions. Proud and greatly relieved to call you my senator!!
Thank you Senator. You are a true American.
thank you for your opposition to him
THANK YOU SESSIONS IS A 3RD GENERSTION GRSND WIZARD OF THE KKK ASK ANYONE IN ALABAMA
thank you!
.@MarkWarner Thank you for vowing No on Sessions. Also please No on DeVos
You are so wrong! Senator Sessions has had an immaculate career. You are so busy being a Democrat that you can't just be an Amer
#Thank you please keep it up how can we help? http://Moveon.org 
@AnsareSummers Good move.
Thank you
thank you, Senator! Was planning to call your office on this!
thank you.
Thank you. Please continue to do everything you can to resist corrupt Trump's cabinet and White House.
Mr. Riggan, I think you have the wrong idea about the people in Trumps Cabinet. I think you might disagree with some of their..
...policy stances, but I think they want to help the USA, they not offering to serve to enrich themselves.
@CaptainsLog2017 Thank you so much!
and that is why I didn't vote for you
thank you!

THANK YOU.  NEITHER CAN WE. sincerely, the American People #Democracy #SwampCabinet #solidarity
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/repeal-second-amendment-1 …
Thank you Senator. I wish you had run for President.
remember when you used to be a moderate, bro? #youvechanged #2020
@CherylBatchelo3 Thank you, Senator!  I am proud to be a Virginian!
@chatty42 Thank you Senator Warner! Sessions would be a disaster for civil rights, human rights, voting rights, independence...
Bravo!
thank you
Thank you, sir!
thank you for standing up for basic, decent American principles
@tonic516 How can anybody?
thank you Senator Warner!!
Thank you, Senator Warner.  Thank you, thank you!  I am so happy I voted for you.
@SenateDems Bravo! Resist this obnoxious #SwampCabinet proposed by #TinyHandsTrump @realDonaldTrump
you didn't say a damn thing when Lynch took the 5th or met w Clinton on the tarmac but you won't vote for sessions. #deplorable
