Witch Hunt + fake news designed to stem the great progress @potus has made against @BarackObama 's destructive legacy.
In other words, @hg9703 you just hated having a black president.
Why does everything comeback to having a #blackpresident it has NOTHING to do with #race! He was just a bad President like so many others
He was a great president
Really. He broke more CONSTITUTIONAL LAWS than all Presidents put together. Over 300 million dollars still missing unaccounted for FO
He gave money to Iran by the pallets without asking anyone in Congress
We owed them that money. Look it up.
We owed it since 1982 and we held it back for a reason!  It was all UNMARKED Bills with interest.  @BarackObama was the worse President EVER
ahaha what is a cyber raid? OMG
Sir just try to deny your not playing  to your constituents and your Party for that matter by repeatedly trying to prove obstruction
Shut this Counsel down-it's costing billions 
Give the213M hungry children
Get to work fortaxpayers
Gettingmad!
Warner @ work....
We don't believe that Russia hacked anything! @POTUS is smarter than you and knows better than to believe your BS. #MAGA #fakenews #NotAlone
Thank you for doing an excellent job.
Show us the proof!
Do you ever do any work for the people in VA or do u just run around all day screaming "RUSSIA"?
You realize that everyone except hardcore Democrats know this Russia crap is just crap, right?  The more you talk, the more WINNING.
The DNC was a pissed off Sanders supporter who was disillusioned with the cheating going on at the DNC with the rigged primaries.
What is "this kind of action"? I hope U dumbascraps know that Americans are not buying your silly witch hunt. #WitchHunt #fakenews
When you stop looking like a crazy witch .
More Dem lies
WeThePeople must Sue The Democrats Obstruction of Justice n American Voices. We voted n Support President Trump
Trump admitted he lied about the Comey tapes (there arent any) on @foxandfriends + all his lies were said in public, on record, too bad 4u
#SenatorWarner are you in on the #uranium deal too?
We have know about Bob "Highly Enriched" Mueller for a year now delivering samples. Anyone who has followed George Webb's investigative reporting knows this. 
cc: @EamonJavers @HallieJackson @Tom_Winter @DefenseBaron
I am glad this is the conclusion I don't feel so bad regarding what I had posted on my LinkedIn profile and articles I wrote regarding China
You seriously have an unhealthy obsession with Russia.  #juststopalready. #gothefhomeandshutup
Senator Warner, if Russia truly succeeded in "hacking our election," then tell us how Hillary Clinton won the popular vote by millions?
Podesta was an idiot who clicked on a spam email. We all get thousand of them, we just aren't stupid enough to click on them.
How did Russian Spacemen hack the election Mark? Mind Control? ESP?
Senator, saw you on @MSNBC this morning. FYI Texas was one of the states hacked, at least Dallas County. #Russia
Of course it's a witch hunt, you know it and we the voters know it, recognize the hypocrisy of your position. We will remember all of this.
Care to define this "new threat" Senator Pock-face? @NBCNews @ABC @CNN @cnnbrk @nytimes
Same guy who has made 80 million on Russian investments.. hypocrite
Yes it most definitely is and you're a partisan hack!
LIAR
Sick of paying 4 petty politics
Shut the Borscht Counsel down
Give that2hungry children 
Get 2 work 4 taxpayers
then call AG loretta lynch to testify
& your face could be a simulated map of the surface of the moon. Craters, crevices, and cracks.Just like your theories on Trump Russia myth.
No senator! U just said it today on MORONing Jokes @morning_joe that you have no evidence. How long u plan to continue this myth? #fakenews
@MarkWarner Sir i have too few words to say how dim witted u r and what an obstructionist u have turned out to b
Since you're on the Sen Intel Comm & have seen & heard classified evidence/testimony about Russian interference I know the threat is real.
What did you do with your 6 million of Russia money in 2012? Get any more since, or does Putin own you for life? Hypocrite.
stop obstructing. Put the crack pipe down and get to work. Yes it is fake news.
Stop wasting taxpayer $$! Dems look like fools. PASS TAX CUTS and stop with ABSOLUTE BS< Your disdain is palpable for the will of the people
Then go after obama because that's who let this happen!!! No Russian influence caused me to not vote for killery!!! Stop wasting money!!!
REPORT: Anti-Trump Senator Mark Warner Made $6 Million in 2012 From Russian Tech Business
We are not afraid of Russia, we are Leary of corrupt representatives like you who make laws to benefit yourself and hurt Americans
How did you get so rich 80mil$ on a public servant salary?
Didn't you make 6million$ from Russia in 2012? Aren't you a big hypocrite?
an you please tell me why the rule of law, did not seem to be a requirement under the OBAMA'S CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE!?   LYI'N DIMMS
If Russia is the "new threat" then YOU must now be investigated. All Dems w/ Russian business ties (and uranium sales) must be investigated!
It's a witch hunt against POTUS & his cabinet. Ur committee has yet 2 get 2 stopping Russian interference. 2 busy chasing ghosts
He is an embarrassment. Vote this guy out folks. Don't care even elect another Dem. This guy ridiculous
Better fess up, Mark.. Truth bomb coming out soon! U know truth. RUSSIA HAD NOTHING 2 DO WITH HACKING!How's tht Ukrain workin out 4 u, Mark?
Happy Father's Day Senator Warner. Ty for representing Northern VA. We love you!  #FathersDay #Virginia
What do you have to say hypocrite?  Unbelievable!
How about your Russian money?
If you were actually investigating Russia, we might agree. Why @POTUS fired Comey is not really relevant
#MuellerWitchHunt

Hey @MarkWarner ,you made six million bucks from a Russian Tech Firm??? Hypocrite. They should be investigating you!
.Bull! You've taken no such stand against voting by illegal aliens and the dead, which has shifted USA elections. #DemsAreTheThreat
Really Mark Warner Not A Witch Hunt?
Anti-Trump Senator Mark Warner Made $6 Million in 2012 From Russian Tech Business
How about your Russia connection you made big bucks on Russia tech should you recuse yourself since you had business with Russia?
2/2 What this country NEEDS is a Democrat willing to cross the aisle and begin to work with this administration for the good of all of us.
1/2 I think you believe that, but your party doesn't.  Your party doesn't care about Russia, they care about getting Trump no matter what.
Keep up the good work! 
The more you say it's not a witch hunt or fake news, the more it is. You should be shamed! You don't represent Virginia, only the swamp
Mark Warner is an example of the scum liberals and the left are sending to Washington. Dems can't see beyond their hate for President Trump.
Man up. Separate the two. Let Trump do his job. Suggest Mueller step fown as independant counsel do to his friendship and ties to Comey.
Mark there sre two different tacts. Collusion with Trump and Russia is a Witch Hunt and no proof. Russian attempt to interfere is shown.
This Congress Critter is one hell of a freaking hypocrite.
REPORT: Anti-Trump Senator Mark Warner Made $6 Million in 2012 From Russian Tech Business http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/05/report-anti-trump-senator-mark-warner-made-6-million-2012-russian-tech-business/ …
We need to look into your deals with Russia
Why not tell us about the millions you've made with the Russians? POS!
Then why the heck are you supporting Saudi's bombing of Yemen? 
Destabilizing the ME is a real threat. You have blood on your hands
The hate in our country is worse since trump's campaign of hate and bullying.         ...And he's still doing it ! 
Hate begets hate.
Mr. Warner, normal not Fox fans or trumpets love that you are working hard on this.
#WitchHunt #Setup #InvestigateHillary #InvestigateLynch #InvestigateRice #InvestigateObama
Hell Yes, Investigate Hillary #InvestigateHillary  #InvestigateLynch
#InvestigateRice 
@KellyannePolls http://www.techrepublic.com/article/hillary-clintons-infamous-email-server-6-things-you-need-to-know/ …
They did affect the vote! #unhackthevote
My God would you
 stop these foolish hearings that lead no where! You need to do what we hired you to do serve the people!#TRUMP2020

A document leak shows the TrumpOrg plan for exploiting a tragic murder via fake news. #SethRich's murder provided them a bigger lie to tell. 
Senate Ignores Humanitarian Pleas to Stop Sell Saudis New Weapons https://youtu.be/sIOfdF0CjUo  via @YouTube
It IS WitchHunt, it IS #FAKENEWS 
What about your own Russian ties? Like Russian Co Yandex where U made 6 MILLION! YOU are a threat!
Sen Warner, thank you for giving this matter the serious attention it needs. Thk u for your service to this country. 
Decades of pointing ICBM's at us hadn't convinced you Russia was enemy?!  Your "sober" analysis is silly.  What about N. Korea?
so many so hateful
REPORT: Anti-Trump Senator Mark Warner Made $6 Million in 2012 From Russian Tech Business HYPOCRISY
Quit wasting tax payer's money.  The Russians were doing the same when Obama was in office. We don't need more lawyers making money off this
Don't use his words! Read "Don't Think of an Elephant"
appreciated your questions to sessions the other day and maybe this was asked and I missed it but if not why did sessions not 1/
ask comey why he  felt so concerned about the conversation with trump after he had expressed concern about it? Would ha not 2/
want to know? Unless he couldn't ask the answer involved an investigation he had 'recused' himself from? But how would he 3/
the answer? 4/ maybe was asked and answered but i missed?
I'm confused. U want to protect ur country by taking down sitting President. Start here first Rice,lynch comey HRC. Blatant lies
Agreed Sen. Warner. Keep protecting our republic, constitution and our democratic institutions from all adversaries; foreign and domestic.

This post has too many bits and trump trolls to count
Word.
Thank you
What do @realDonaldTrump and @VP have to worry about? You guys have nothing to hide right? RIGHT? #LEAVENWORTH

WHY didn't YOU DO ANYTHING ABOUT #IranDeal #UraniumOne #ObamaGate 
NOT ONE OF YOU DID ANYTHING TO PROTECT AMERICANS THEN.
ANSWERS??????
@MarkWarner when will you question and insist on prosicution for admitted leaker FBI Dir. Comey....sniff sniff. Collusion??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkp_Bmab07w … 
It's a witch hunt, it's fake news. It's a waste of our tax dollar$
You're a disgrace to the Senate -- rude and immature.  Also, your arguments are usually WRONG, and always biased.
Your habit of interrupting witnesses while as they try to answer your questions show you to be a total ass. Like many Dems U R A con artist.
Mark, how long is this been going on now. It's beginning to look fishy. Are you looking for something to put on billboards in 2018?
Warner, you should try working on that and put your BIASIS in your back pocket...are you capable or just a digruntled ............!!
Can't believe the people who are supporting this president! Facts are facts, he created his own mess. Not fake news.
American people know what you are doing....  Almighty God turns your EVIL for @POTUS good & HIS glory! U R CORRUPT!
Keep up the great work!
Who hacked? Russia, DHS, Crowdstrike's Alperovitch, or leak from Seth Rich?  @FBI  is HIDING THE TRUTH!
The only obstruction is from Lynch and Comey by the email matter, that was an investigation, that showed us the elete live a different way.
This obstruction you are guilty of in Congress for political retribution is appalling and #ConventionofStates will abolish political parties
See how your political agenda leads people to assassination attempts, time for our corrupt political party system to die #conventionofstates
A good way to help this country would be to start WORKING for it instead of wasting time & $$s on patently false Dem rumors and innuendo!
Bullshit this is all about destroying the republicans because clinton losted. Ur not protecting the US ur JUST THINKING ABOUT 2018 thats all
We saw how your effort n general r affecting our country today. Way to go. Go wash your hands. They're covered in blood. #stevescalise
Seems odd their is a leak to Wapo and you just had a meeting with Mueller looks like he should be recused for misconduct or you did it
@MarkWarner how many tax dollars of mine have you wasted today Mr. Cuttoff?????
Keep it up!!  Trump has signs of Alzheimer's disease.  Always bringing up past.  Seriously.  Article 25.
you're a partisan hack
We remember Scooter Libby and Patrick Fitzgerald and THAT witch hunt.  Mark Warner is a show pony.  He is not serving America, only himself.
ROFL this is not a new threat this is fear mongering by dems and some repubs to control the free people of America u slave trader
Sure it is.  The Democrats are so obvious.
You have encouraged violence in our country and continue to divide the people of our nation,
Saying it "is not a witch hunt" is a lie.  It IS obviously a witch hunt and attempted coup to destroy Trump, and you are blind.
You're full of bologna
you're just mad, upset, and jealous that Trump won and   Hillary lost and that your buddy Tim Kaine didn't get promoted!  Get a life!
Liar! It's exactly all those things you say it's NOT! You are EVIL! One step worse than wicked! There's no Party in Helljust 24-hr Barbeque
You Democrats are lying liars who lie. Every word. Every thought. Now people are dying. Please just shut up.
It is a witch hunt.  Were you asleep through the Comey hearing?  Did you not listen to AG Sessions opening comments?
More lies by Democrats who were silent when Obama sent people to Israel to interfere with their election
You did and are doing a outstanding job!
You have congressal blood on your hands due to this bogus witch hunt. Prosecute or shut up. You and FBI have nothing it's on DNC computers
Mr Warner
Pursue (or at least acknowledge) the known crimes you've uncovered so far
Loretta Lynch's  obstruction
Flynn leaks
Comey's purjury
SESSIONS SHOULD BE SUSPENDED FROM AG - UNEDUCATED  IGNORANCE - STONEWALLING - ALTERED ANSWERS TO YOUR QUESTIONINGS-THE FACTS THERE'S GUILT
Why not let AG Sessions answer without interruption-Pathetic performance on your part Senator-Tough guy act can't be pulled off by a Eunuch
our country needs protection from greasy people like you
Yes it is a witch hunt and you know it. Quit wasting OUR $$$$ and get your asses to work doing something productive.
Loretta Lynch guilty of obstruction!
Loretta Lynch guilty of obstruction!
Loretta Lynch guilty of obstruction!
Loretta Lynch ... target?
You are like a priest that preaches on Sunday and molests on Monday.

Yes it is a witch hunt! You are dishonest...a complete hack! You're rude, unprofessional and a pusher of lies. How will U Q Loretta Lynch?
Thank you for continuing to go after truth. @Sen Harris deserves an apology 2nd time she's been cutoff and disrespected fight for her Sen MW
While I respect & like you a lot, please tell your chairman friend @SenatorBurr to stop disrespecting @KamalaHarris.
Should you tell the American ppl the Russian ambassador Kislyak is on Obamas visitor list TWENTY-TWO times?
Should you tell the American ppl Diane Feinstein had lunch in March with Russian ambassador Kislyak?
Should you tell the American ppl Kislyak was invited to sit with the Democrats as their guest when POTUS gave joint address in March?
We need an investigation into Warner's Russian connections and the absurd profits he made. #SenateHearing
And that threat being people like you who refuse to go away any time soon. Sorry performance today. You guys are an embarrassment.
You're wrong sir, your party has done more damage to our country than any possible Russian interference you're tearing this country apart
Belony,belloney, baloney,bologna! Yes!
Sir if the situation were reversed and it was a democrat in office with this Scandal Brewing what would your position be?
AG Holder ran guns to Mexico, lied to Congress about it, was found in contempt & never prosecuted. Loretta Lynch obstructed justice 

GFTOH
Sen. Warner: Russia is a problem, but even the most casual observer can see Sessions isn't an issue. Shame on you.
You sir are part of The dimms efforts to screw over POTUS.  You are a dishonorable man who can't stand on his own.  Go get stuffed
If you believed that, you'd step up cyber security and concentrate on Russia not POTUS.
When will we watching the testimony of Obama, Holder, Clinton, Lynch? Benghazi, Fast and Furious, email scandal, IRS, list goes on and on
Find out who murdered Seth Rich and what the Awan Brothers are up to. That's the threat, and it comes from inside your own party, Bucko.
How many months now and what evidence do you have? ZERO even some of your cohorts said it. Y won't u do some work 4 a change? #WitchHunt
It's sickening, disgusting, and deplorable. I am so ashamed of our government, and the snakes like you ruining it for everyone else.
Don't you see that the American People will no longer trust you or your lying friends because this experience has shown us the truth.
I am disgusted by you and your disingenuous cronies making a sideshow of the democratically-elected Pres while betraying the American People
Mark "cheap shot" Warner...partisan politics
Richard Burr opened stating the AG must answer questions. He didn't. Now what?!!
You are WASTING our hard earned money on a bad "who's on 3rd" skit! Your party is disintegrating and you continue to light a match to it!
That is a lie. The goal is to pretend Hillary lost because of Russia. You are lying to the American people and lying to yourself.
Hillary did not lose because of Russia, what exactly are you investigating, which you can provide no evidence for?
Thank you for fighting to get to the truth!  We deserve to know and are grateful to those who are willing to stand up for democracy.
Can you tell We The People what Russia did exactly?  I assume you KNOW something so please tell us.
Thank You, Senator! Your efforts to serve the people and bring us truth are greatly appreciated! Keep fighting the good fight for America!
