FYI: America said YES to Trump and his team of patriotic,pragamtic,successful,accomplished problem solvers.1/2
Election day is not the only time we may speak. I will continue to speak out against the president.
Then say something that is reasoned and logical instead of all they hyperbolic garbage. Dems have no policies to run on
'that'
see
Ha ha. I just won a five dollar bet because I knew someone would take that bait. Thanks! I'm outta here. Not reading any other responses.
I wonder why some people have a need to feel so superior and condescending? A little Narcissism and whole lot of Mean Girl.
so why Rex Tillerson? Why did you vote yes to this friend of Putin?
interesting that Rex recently came out saying he didn't want job at all- wife MADE him take it.
He should resign; no passion = no care. This is American lives he is handling!
None care.even the "trumpsters"dnt care tht he's fed them crap.The wall(whos $)How's tht Muslim ban?(no)US 1st?(Syria)Coal?(Pls!)H/C?(Joke)
Watch full hearing (unedited)  https://youtu.be/cm0DxSBjPXE 
This is an American crisis. Thank you for your work. Don't let GOP derail this.
When do the hearings and most especially, the public hearings start?
This investigation is being ignored, thx to the Syria gambit. Are we really buying this? @MarkWarner @timkaine @SenJohnMcCain
We know the outcome and it cannot come fast enough. The question is will it become as partisan as the HIC investigation?
Push for the independent investigation please while we still have the opportunity. Gowdy is worse than Nunes.
Russia had warned the U.S they better not touch the Russian side of the  airfield. That's where the Syrians hid everything hours earlier.
Support  Judge Gorsuch
Is there a connection between the Bannon and Nunes "resignations"?
Egg in your face @MarkWarner with now the facts being uncovered about Susan Rice.  How many people privacy rights were violated?
SICKof RUSSIARUSSIA Investigate ANY possible abuse of power by OUR fed govt to SPY USE LEAK CI against any US citizen @POTUS @TheJusticeDept
Please keep the #Trumprussia investigation going!
Go get Susan Rice!  Can't wait to see what you uncover.  Do not let her plead the 5th.
No evidence after a year!! But toms on surveillance on Trump and associates!!
Call us when you have some evidence to discuss. 9 months of investigation ... where is the baby?
Please deliver; we are growing more and more impatient and frustrated this admin is compromised! USA deserves better then this lying swamp
FYI:HRC lost the election because she is corrupt,incompetent,greedy&has very bad judgement,not because of Russia.
But she won 3million more votes than Trump.
Do you understand how elections work?
.@MarkWarner @FaceTheNation good job, the greatest wonder is what #Russia has negotiated in return for his assistance to #Trump! Truth pls!
Crimea & Donbas region of Ukraine; sanctions relief.
Crimea happened during the last Russian owned administration
Warner claims leaked info was false. Really? Then why did HRC never deny veracity of  leaked emails. If Russia did interfere, I am gr8fuL!
We know Trump colluded and it is UNETHICAL! It should be enough to request his taxes!
Clinton Watts says #Trump actively used Russian #fakenews against #Clinton and in GOP leadership race. #SenateIntelligenceCommittee #cspan 
That's because you never done anything since you been in the Senate oh and by the way your precious president spied on you!
The media and @TheDemocrats are doing what Russia could not do ... disrupt our democracy.
Thank you for seriously pursuing this. Please don't let the committee get distracted. Please stay focused. We need answers.
ty for showing that youre invested in the people,not your own agenda.i have faith that you'll find the truth,no matter how hard

U Sir R a liar. Propaganda via #MSM is the crisis in this Nation. HRC lost election bc she is a liar. U R part of the swamp needs be drained
Mark Warner do the right thing & vote Yes for Gorsuch
You sounded so stupid on CNN you're a typical democrat u know Rice is guilty
Avg Americans want an independent #TrumpRussiaInvestigation by a prosecutor w a proven non-partisan record like #PretBharara @SenSchumer
thank you for taking this seriously unlike the laughably partisan @DevinNunes
They haven't changed in decades! Same seditious & treasonous behavior we see today.
Americans are disgusted that the Democratic party lies & treats us like idiots. Senator Kennedy commited TREASON in 80's with Russians.
I am so glad that I moved out of Virginia so I don't have you misrepresenting me in the Senate! Bye Felicia!
Vote yes on Supreme Court justice
This  is a ridiculous  acting as children in the school yard. grow up! Your are suppose to be leaders of our country. Putin is laughing
This so-called President has nominated an extreme conservative for a stolen SCOTUS seat. Filibuster!
@MarkWarnerVA close second is SCOTUS, right? bc there has to be consequences for the WH as well as @SenateGOP for being bad for/to America
3) What would happen to our economy if all 1,000 claimed the stock market was crashing or just talked up negative economic stories each day?
2) Why not ask Twitter why they wont delete these easily identifiable accounts? (@ten_gop is a great example.)
1) U always talk 1,000+ trolls in past tense. They continue to operate every single day.
I'm personally relying on @MarkWarner, one of the few trustworthy and decent members of congress! I know he will stand for truth.
Putin does not get a seat on SCOTUS #NoGorsuch #FakePresident
And sir that is why you must support @SenSchumer filibuster. You know the questions over this admin's legitimacy #NoGorsuch
Listen to your experts: Follow the $$$ AND the trail of dead Russians. #followthemoney #trailofdeadrussians
Right, people of Appomattox Va know that! You've screwed them for over a year! F3 tornado destroys town, no help from you! Thanks clown boy!
Counting on you to filibuster #Gorsuch. #45 has no mandate for lifelong #SCOTUS appointment w. cloud of treason over him.
Educate yourself! It's not the Russian's. Dims look like clowns!
NO to Gorsuch until after #russiagate investigation.
WITNESS PROTECTION & SPEED THINGS UP THX...BEING A POW WHO CONSTANTLY GETS HARRESS, MANIUPULATED, COERCE & CHEM ATTACK ISNT "FUN"!!
Next election I hope the good people of Virginia vote for a real American, not you or anyone else still lobbying for the last administration
can't help but think Trump using play book. Defame politicians, alienate allies, NATO, intel agencies, news media.  So scary.
Let's get behind Sen. Warner & Senate Intel Committee investigation into Russia ties w/DJT/Admin. It has been thorough & revealing so far.
One or other of the committee's or FBI need to take Flinn statement b4 he is assassinated.  Putin just denied any involvement in elections.
LOL, you must work for fake news.
Please vote NO on SC nominee
So "party before country" must stop!Totally no reason to refuse OUTSIDE INVESTIGATION COUNCIL! Refusing one is to protect party; so clearly
glad to see you're going to be fair &not partisan...oops that's out now isn't it? Opening statement blame game
Thanks for hard work! I'm VERY disturbed a president helped by Russians is dismantling US gov from inside. Can't brakes be put on him?
Please be fair & investigate other connections to Russia. Evelyn Farkas was a #Hillary campaign advisor while spying on #TRUMP for Obama!
Thank you for your hard work, Senator Warner. Keep pushing! Don't give up. USA
Take Flynn's offer.Objective not Flynn but bigger fish. Accepting Flynn offer shifts gears on Hearings.Accelerates process.Much will follow.
Trust me, we didn't need the Russians to poison the national conversation during the last election cycle!
Katie walsh now going to work for Cambridge analytics also. Data dumper? circle the wagons at computer co,?
So what your saying is the Russians put the private server in Hillary's basement and made up Podesta emails ,then haked the voter machines 
2.  That's how we feel about our leaders. Trump shouldn't have lasted more than two weeks.  Do something this time.  Hear us loud & clear.
1. Mark I heard you on Charlie Rose tonight saying you are disappointed that we the people didn't fight more.
She's a baker! getting rid of data?
Lara trump working for data co for trump camp run by trump pac out of trump tower? Cambridge analytics called 306 a week before election?
Obama advised the British to stay in the EU and indicated that the U.K. may become at the back of the queue
45 and cohorts are all lying dogs who need to be disciplined via the US Penitentiary system! #FlynnFlipped #TrumpRussia #HangThemAll
What a comedian - the US people are influenced by Russian media so much, hey.... Damn, NSA spied on who?
What do you call that? "Mike, the propagandist on steroids!"
Keep word "intelligence" in mind on your committee - don't pull a Nunes!  We thank you!!!!
@SenatorBurr Please prosecute those found guilty. They don't deserve to get off the hook! #NoImmunity #Treason

Senators, @TimOBrien suggests that you ask Jared Kushner about 666 Fifth Avenue https://bv.ms/2nAFoBj  via @BV
Yes The Russians DO FAVOUR TRUMP-$500B Oil deal- thats the reason !!!!!!!
Russophobe-McCarthyism = Ridiculous Assumptions Based On Fake Intelligence, Fake News & Fake Sources. #TRUTH
Had it ever occurred that @HillaryClinton was a fatally corrupt, arrogant, and generally hateable candidate?  Russia make her that?  Idiot.
Face the Nation is #fakenews. I won't watch it anymore bc it is #globalist agenda-driven comedy.
You're a total joke Warner. Starting to believe your own lies. You lost.That's it. Get over it. Russia had NOTHING to do with the election.
Fake news. More propaganda to cover up biggest loss in history. DNC rigged primary, colluded with MSM, tipped debate questions & still lost!
Let's not forget the involvement of ties to Russia by the Clintons and Ovmit. Ovmit dealt with a terrorist country. TREASON
What should be investigated is the corruption that has been exposed. Evidence of elite government officials being corrupt outweigh the hacks
Please evaluate if Russia hacking of voter roll DBs were then used to advise voter suppression like Crosscheck program. Esp PA, WI,...
1000 Tweets swayed 2016 election! R U delusional! If that's what did it Trump won't hv 2 campaign in 2020! The Russian tweets will do it
Evelyn Farkas spills beans about Obama spying and you ignore it like the corrupt Democrat you are
you must think your constituents & the rest of America are dumber than a box of rocks (or you are)
How long have you been Soros puppet
So some hacker got into DNC and exposed all the cheating and liars and clintons unsecure email server so that TRUMPS fault  LMAO
Hillary and Podesta were paid by Russia. Why don't we ever go there? Who is paying you?
WE r supposed  to be talking to Russians , that is a good thing
Roger Stone was just trolling and u think hes a spy. HA
U make a ton of assumptions, Wikileaks, Guccifer, Trump and Putin all tied together, huh ? U think commies still exist ?
Trump is in open defiance of Russia over Iran....so your point is ??
Podesta and DNC leaked info was a huge boon 4 the USA, exposing all that criminal energy.. we got saved in nick of time.
Podesta email password was "PASSWORD"...i think my sister could have done the deed..
Give the DNC hacker the Congressional Medal of Honor...
U r totally ignorant. FBI not once did forensic investigation of DNC server/computers...
Thank you, and thanks to the Committee, for moving on it when it seems the House cannot
you mean unlike Hillary's dollars for deals
do those internet trolls run through ur mind endlessly! Ur absurd & I thought mayb u were 1 of few sane Dems left
well yeah. If we talked about Aliens invading earth, that would be extremely serious as well.
Mr. Warner! What is going on at the W.H. Is it a family affair? Daughter is spoke person? Help me to understand.
I spearheaded a campaign of truth. Russia did not pay me a penny . Trump not perfect but you guys just want war.
@TGowdySC Where were you @MarkWarner when this Russia stuff first came to light during Obama's term in office?
ridiculous. Russia did NOT force MSM to display obvious bias in their coverage. THATS why Trump won. Fools.
FAKE the Nation!
@foxnewspolitics  u need to thank the #Russians for taking the rap for #democrats bad policies and bad candidate #Hillary
funny how u mention Russia efforts to influence other countries elections, completely ignore elections USA tries to influence
still no proof that Russia interfered in our elections.We have more serious stuff going on like spying&wire taps
typical narcisstic traits- actually thinkin' lies become truth if repeated repeatedly & often! 
#BanLiberals
#IMPEACHTRUMP
This is a coup d'etat against @realDonaldTrump.  I bet you will not even to bother to call Evelyn Farkas to testify.
@KORANISBURNING @MarkWarner @realDonaldTrump  @POTUS @DevinNunes @DRUDGE @seanhannity @wikileaks @PrisonPlanet
Drip Drip Drip ..
Impeach the TRAITOR!
you never will again
WILL U INVESTIGATE: John Podesta Owned 75K Shares in Putin-Connected Energy Company 
Salem Witch Hunts Alive & Well in the Democratic Party
@DebraTdmbg @FaceTheNation Yes, but will GOP members continue to cooperate if GOP top brass are implicated?
Sen Warner, how you justify your first point that Russia is responsible for Wikileaks when evidence is contrary!
Gotta find out how #Russia shifted voter focus from bathrooms burkas and biofuel to jobs security and sovereignty
so serious. Address the liberal media propaganda! I'm sick of it
HOW CAN YOU ASK FOR A BIPARTISAN HEARING WHEN YOUR ENTIRE INTRO USED PARTISAN RHETORIC?
Please stop wasting our time .,DO YOUR JOB THEN GO ON TV, BUT AFTER YOU HAVE SOMETHING TO SHOW US. TV 10 time's 0
Nice editorial
So when will you investigate the Obama administration, Loretta Lynch, John Kerry......http://www.americanthinker.com/blog/2017/03/so_obama_shut_comey_up_on_the_russians.html …
I believe in the Senate Intel Committee. Thank you for your bipartisan patriotism.  What a contrast to Nunes.
That is a terrible admission of your lack of seriousness. Democrats lost the election fairly, u unpatriotic SOB.
thank you!
Evelyn Farkus admitted to UNMASKING AMERICAN CITIZENS! You are looking into that right?
So you are going to depose Evelyn FARKAS? Right? We demand it! She was in on unmasking American citizens! Crime!
Wasn't serious til Dems lost the election. You knew about it last summer. YOU LIE. #Russia  @FaceTheNation
yeah we will see how serious. If u don't depose Evylyn Farkas then this is a sham, a witch hunt . We will see
she admitted Obama White House surveilled Incoming president . U BETTER investigate.
investigate
John  podesta and his ties to Russia since Russia is such a concern. We will see your true intentions
You need to invite the Awan Brothers.
#AwanBrothers
Did you invite the Awan Brothers to the hearing? #AwanBrothers
How can u have a hearing about russian hacking when the company that the IC based their findings on is not coming
HRC: Russian hacked our DNC. FBI: ok, give us the hard drives.HRC: No. FBI: O.k, we'll just take your word & hire your friends.
Serious enough for a hearing and hysterics, but not enough to examine the damn drives? Who else could have gotten away w/ that?
When I heard FBI didnt subpoena the "hacked" hard drives, & used a discredited tech co connected with HRC I knew it was fixed
Leaker & HRC campaign advisor Evelyn Farkas has connections to CTO of Crowdstrike:
Crowdstrike too... 
Why isnt Crowdstrke invited? Is it because of the retraction about manufactured evidence?
Let's not forget Podesta's shares of stock in Russia! Also Uraniam one, after they donated to Hillary
If foreign advisers why won't the dnc let the FBI examine their computers? The only influence was from the DNC
@SenatorBurr This is no fake news must be add to investigation
@SenatorBurr look at the dates absolutly worth looking into it
Thank you! Get to the bottom of this!
Trump must show his taxes.  There is every reason to suspect conflicts of interest as motives for collusion.
Please keep this honest and complete. Many of us have truly lost all faith due to Repub actions - Bannon plan?
I have complete confidence in you Mr. Warner. Nice to see an Adult w/ America 1st Attitude
Listen to this dude...lol.  All feelings, affection, trolls..lol.  What an embarrassment.  No proof...lmao!!
.@MarkWarner .@FaceTheNation Thank you for your leadership and Patriotism.
shut up with your FKING lie  investigate real criminal corruption cover-ups Obama, Soros, Clintons, Hillary
Sir, We the People, need your dedication to truth as never B4. Democracy is in jeopardy. Lives are at stake. #Trumprussia
