Breaking: Trump administration will allow employers to refuse to cover contraception.  http://n.pr/2ksmNIm 
Do not disagree about where the decision belongs, but not sure how that relates to who pays for it.  Some drugs I have to pay for ...
The women are paying for it thru their insurance coverage. The employers are now allowed to deny it to them on religious/moral grounds.
It's a blurry line with insurance. Employee premiums are usually subsidized by the employer.
The question is, should govt be mandating any part of employee compensation, or is that an intrusion in the employer/employee relationship.
most employees welcome a good health plan; plus, it’s cheaper for all if the risk is shared. Like ACA til GOP ruined it.
Of course employees welcome a good health plan. They might not welcome the reduced wages or increased premiums that accompany it.
It's surprising how many employees when given a choice choose the cheapest, or no, insurance in favor of more take home pay.
If possible, we will boycott employers who do choose to deny access to birth control via health insurance.
Question: if one did not have health insurance or even a job for that matter would contraceptives be out of reach?
Didn't figure I would get a response.. the question doesn't quite fit the narrative does it #sad
You do realize diminished access to BC will Result in more unwanted pregnancies and abortions #sad
No one is restricting access to anything. U just gonna have to start paying for your lifestyle choices
In the real world, if BC becomes expensive to u b/c ins. No longer pays, u might stop using or use a less reliable form. Duh
This is the real world.. every day cannot b XMAS. Make better lifestyle decisions. Try abstinence 100% guarantee.
Sure, that works so well.  
Wondering their IQs and no wonder Congress is inept.
Always amazed at how quick Reps are willing to force a woman to give birth and how fast they can turn their backs on the mother and child!
Yes, & why is there no outrage by religious ideologues about Viagra 4 old men being covered? If it's really about God & sex 4 procreation...
I AM A MAN AND COMPLETELY AGREE WITH YOUR COMMENT!  REMEMBER, THIS ISSUE IS USED BY REPUBS IT INSIGHT THEIR RELIGIOUS RIGHT!
ALSO, AS HAS BEEN PROVEN BY A REPUB REPRESENTATIVE.  PRO-LIFE WHEN IT'S CONVENANT!
Still NO Response about FACT Christopher Steele VERY willing to meet w Senate Intel Committee? Why is HE covering for @SenatorBurr LIES 2Us?
I strongly agree
Here we go again, back to the ‘60s. 
At least birth control was cheap then!
It was cheap but many still couldn’t afford it.
And their wallet.
Amen!
This is a nightmare for women.
Birth control pills need a new name. They are used for many other health reasons. Call them "hormone support pills"
Mark Warner must ANSWER this reporting that ChrisSteele VERY willing to meet w SIC!!
Decisions Mark Warner is making in allowing cochair @SenatorBurr to LIE about ChrisSteele unwilling 2meet w THEM disturbing!
If it were only pre-pregnant birth control. After that it becomes life-control at the expense of inocent babies.
It's a state issue not a Federal issue.  But that would mean you need to do your job.
Ate these same groups going to cover the cost of bearing a child if they deny contraception? @theobserver @AARPadvocates @SenateGOP
Why do men always want to control a woman's body? Let them have kids; humans would become extinct! Thank u for sticking up for a woman's rit
so u agree with the @POTUS   good for u
so then why should employers be forced to cover their birth control? Personal choice right? Not others problems?
pharmaceutical companies can just re-package...call it something else...Like Mother's little helper
Exactly. So women should decide on birth control on their own, and employers shouldn't be obligated to participate in that process.
sometimes personal, sometimes medically necessary.
Thank you Sen Warner. As Rep Murphy showed, most Repubs anti-abortion stance is about power. STOP WAR ON WOMEN
I agree Sen Warner but we must remember moron trump is a nut no one seems to want to crack-I'm talking about the GOP sen/reps in D.C..
Administration states leads 2 ‘risky behavior’. That wasn’t my mom’s concern in 1974 at age 14, I needed  2 prevent excess blood/pain/faint!
Mr. Warner, This statement is so profoundly easy to understand, it would take 10 GOP Politicians to get it wrong.
Are we going to undo this mess?
Said the man ......
SO TRUE
Ladies, it's time to follow the lead of Lysistrata.
I don't see how you can logically be against contraception AND abortion. The first prevents need for the second. Makes absolutely no sense.
If they knew how to make sense & weren't hypocrites; they probably wouldn't BE in the GOP!
Because the world needs more single, impoverished mothers.
What we need:
1. Time Machine
2. Go back and convince Trump's parents to use birth control.
Agreed. Which is why women should buy their own and not have their work place have a say
Mark it is very simple. You play you pay. Why federal money should be use to pay for sex.
WHAT does this have to do with decisions? It's about mandating private companies to pay for it. Bs.......
If you want the government out of your personal choices don't expect the government to pay for your choices.
Thank you Sir.. I feel completely defeated today w Trump signing this today & saying THE CALM BEFORE THE STORM! I’m tired of being scared...
Every idle word you speak Mr. Warner, is being recorded by the Angels,written down for God, for the judgement! Repent sir, to avoid the pit!
Actually they don't! God says Thou shall "not" kill ( murder). I knew you while yet in the womb. Choose life he said, not death!
So, I guess women need to chose what they do about birth control and where they work... choices, choices, choices.. too many choices.
WHAT????????!!!!!!! NO!
Yes, no man should make a choice for women.  Just like Viagra should not be covered on men's insurance.
Senator Warner: What is going on with Christian Steele? Reports are he wants to testify. These little things.
Thank you for your clear statement. Pls continue to hold this stance. It's impt to me, a Virginia constituent.
Won't this be overturned almost immediately on equal rights issues? Regardless, the GOP needs to feel the pain on this. Shame on them.
Mark 45 isnt witty or funny. He scares the hell out of me and he demands attention every single day. Does anyone keep an eye on him?
Right, so the govt shouldn't have any say in whether an employer offers it as a benefit or not. Because its up to the individual, right?
Hear hear! So say we all!
Agreed. Completely a personal decision, so why employer should be financing this?!
Exactly so there is no need for employers to be in any way involved in this personal decision!  Good point
too bad your parents didn't consider birth control
Right, and employers should be able to choose if they want to cover the costs too. Pants on-legs closed always worked for me.
If decisions about birth control are so personal , why should an employer have to pay for it?
Please, please get him out!
The abortion rate went down with ACA because of access to BC. . .seems counterproductive.
It's a very personal matter.  Keep gov't out of our personal lives
Does this mean Nuns can’t be forced to pay for birth control?
Correct but my son doesn’t need it and doesn’t want to pay for it
Who among us doesn't realize limiting birth control increases abortion? If u are prolife & support this, u are a hypocrite. @realDonaldTrump
Decisions about birth control are deeply personal and belong in the hands of those paying for it and women wanting it. USA is about freedom.
Trump and GOP once again show their lack of respect for women.
Expect an increase in terminations unless dems can get control in 2018.  Long lasting devices will not be able to be replaced due to cost
These are medical decisions not political or employer decisions. I was unaware that the majority in Congress had medical degrees.
Trump hates women. Pure and simple. We need to force him out somehow.
It’s like the only progress this admin has made is in the reverse direction. What the heck!? DAILY!
No one's blocking birth control. This just had to do with who pays for it. It's not that expensive...   
How about limit access to Viagra too!  What's good for the goose!   
Idiot!
There is no end to this horror.  Every young person I love should begin the process of emigrating immediately.   Canada, Sweden..
Might I add to your statement and not the government!
This is such a unconscionable intrusion into any ones private life. Those employers need to be identified. I will not give 1 cent to them.
This power literally allows that employer to dictate the private sex lives of people.
What is the senate going to do about it?
True.
My God! What purpose does it serve any human being having the authority to dictate  reproductive anything.
No human being has a right to take authority away from another over reproductive rights.
And paying for it is between them and their wallets
And where is it said the decision is being taken from women and doctors?? Once again your sensationalism fails. @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump
It's like women can have the most intimate conversations with @MarkWarner Holy Shit.
Amen!
This doesn’t interfere or prevent women from having personal conversations with their doctors.
This is egregiously paternalistic nosy sexist unnecessary & will increase abortion they say they are against #TheyAreNotSavingAnyBabies
Why don't you tie refunding of birth control to defunding coverage of Viagra?
Explain why you and Burr are lying to the American people? Muller spoke with Steele why are you both bought by Russia? Explain
I still think you need your lower teeth fixed too.
Religious freedom means keeping some one else’s religious beliefs out of my health care choices
Not with my money. ..use your money. .murdering mark
They still can. This argument is false. The real argument is who Is going to pay for it.
Except who pays - that's a decision by the payer!
Thank you Senator!  #PersonalChoice
We are getting closer and closer to being more and more like a dictatorship!  Like ISIS!!
What are you going to do? This ongoing mysogonist attacks of women rights are appalling yet NO ONE is stopping them.
Must wonder why we have a system where employers provide healthcare. A public option or single payer Medicare would end that. #healthcare
What are you doing to stop him? Y’all just laying down for this?
Thank you, Senator.
That is true however donald trump is trying to undo everything obama did in his 2 terms hes jealous of obama
a statement that has nothing to do with who pays for those decisions. Thanks though
Mercy is allowed to do it.
Why did you guys lie about the STeele dossier?
@IvankaTrump ????
Please act on this.
Decisions about birthcontrol belong in the hands of women. Doctors are there to advise. It's important to be clear.
How much longer must we wait for IMPEACHMENT??? This "calm before the storm" nonsense alone should be enough!
There are various reasons why birth control is taken, many health issues. This is none of anyones business except a woman and her Dr.
... and paying for contraceptives should be choice of employee, not subsidized by all of us.
The President has already told us in graphic terms how he values women. By their silence, the majority of Congressmen appear to agree him.
Let me see...want to regulate a woman's right to her body/BC but does not want to regulate gun control! Right!
Amen to that.
Tie repeal of birth control insurance coverage to repeal of Viagra insurance coverage!! These misogynists know well that if they can control women’s reproduction then you can control women!! #resist
@NPR @GOP would prefer women have no options for birth control. They won't stop until they overturn Roe V Wade. Just unreal.
We have enuf in the sperm banks. Dont need men for procreation. Let’s just keep the ones we like around??
I know! Can you believe this? Please make him go away.
What about the babies? What about violating employers' First Amendment rights?
No one has to be #MAGA stupid.
Birth control prevents creation of babies. 
Hope UR a bot b/c it's idiocy to inform an adult of this fact.
@GOP = Get the government out of everything EXCEPT women's health issues 
Precisely, and not the responsibility of an employer.
I am a 65 year old white women. Old white men, who have tried to control women for years, should not be allowed to make their health care
decisions. Women are not allowed/required to make vasectomy decisions. Thank you Mark for your intelligent response to this travesty.
Mark Warner, I salute you in every way possible.
Hope they increase their maternity benefits, sick days, parental leave, etc., and don't cover vasectomies, penis pumps/implants, or Viagra.
ACLU is suing but why did you and Burr hold a press conference and lie that Christopher Steele is unwilling to talk to y’all?
Yes, and all health issues should have sole doctor patient privilege for women and men. Some laws are making people sick.
So what are you doing about it?! We love seeing our govt officials tweeting about issues but we’d like action too! #helpus #itstime
Shame on you propositioning the Senator for “action”. He may be a far left liberal, but I believe he’s married. 
agreed, now finish the sentence AND THEY SHOULD PAY FOR IT, like men pay for condoms
Thank you!
We get it, he hates women.
And anyone that is not a White Male person!  If you're brown or female you just don't matter!  
She's talking to you @MarkWarner, her daddy and any other male relative she hates. Because she is white. #whitegirlguilt
Indeed.  Now can a woman-owned company say they are morally against covering Viagra for unmarried men?
Hell yes! Viagra isn't a necessity, it's a lifestyle choice... hhmmm kinda like contraceptives
Damn right !
Yes, they do. Thank you for recognizing that fact.
Agreed. Women should be responsible for payment, not govt.
@NPR It burns me up to see the GOP weaponize Christianity for political gain
Thank you!
If you're going to force me to pay, then *I* get a say also.
Thank you Mark Warner
Why do these men think it’s OK for them to make choices about our bodies?
They don't. Why force someone to buy you something they object to?
