Determination of Azimuth Angle at Burnout for Placing a Satellite over a Selected Earth Position - Katherine Johnson, 1959

It's tomorrow. Rather than delete the tweet and post it tomorrow, he just threw in a correction. Kinda funny he miscalculated it. 
 I just watched the movie for the first time last weekend so I was super excited to see this because she's amazing.
She is. And what a great movie. I posted something about it after I took my daughter and Janelle Monae RTd it. Twitter life highlight.
She was also very good in that movie. That speech she gave to the judge.
That was made by Mary Jackson rather than Katherine Johnson https://youtu.be/PcKzIDc1V-s  Incredibly powerful and inspiring statement
and she't still beautiful in every way..

person
mind
body
soul

a natural wonder, and a gift to our Universe..

we need more like her ;-)
D.B. 

Need I say more!?!?!
living and breathing and doing great stuff.. that's what life is about ;-)
That is... slightly scary.
Maybe just a little lol... ;)
you do realise of course that Ostridges do NOT have teeth.. right!?
Ive done pretty good my whole life till I got my first cavity a few months ago...
I hope I'm still stylin' at her age @Allegratastic
I would just be happy to get to her age with a sound mind....
.....and my lipstick on.
Seconded!
And a rocking outfit with marvelous pearls... 
SHE is an American hero @realDonaldTrump. Not a CONVICTED racist ex-sheriff! #TrumpResign #impeachtrump #trumploser
Her remarkable story was captured brilliantly in Hidden Figures. Taraji, Octavia. Great story.
Now SHE is a role model for women to look up to!!! Happy Birthday!!
Definitely a fantastic role model.
Happy 99th birthday (tomorrow, 26 Aug.) to brilliant NASA mathematician, #KatherineJohnson!! #Apollo11 #NASA  #math #Hiddenfigures
What a majestic painting! Happy 99th birthday #KatherineJohnson !!! #Gratitude for your many @NASA contributions!! 
That's what I thought, too, but read the caption. It's a photograph! Right?.  Stunning!
Incredible lighting in this portrait, regardless. Just stunning...picture says a thousand words, here.
Impressive!
Okay I'm marrying a mathematician or a quantum physicist. I love smart ladies.
Are you smart?
Cause if you aren't smart it ain't gonna work
An interview with John J. Kelly team leader of the group who built the rocket engine that took them off the moon http://www.scariffbayradio.com/interviewjohnjkelly20170819.mp3 …
Is Katherine Johnson even mentioned in this interview and do you know when? Audio clip is over 20 mins, 9 min in & no mention. Thanks.
Why isn't there a Hwy named Katherine "NASA" Johnson Hwy ~ What a great idea! @RepTedLieu @SenKamalaHarris @SenFeinstein 
We can celebrate her today, tomorrow and everyday.
The history of the early "human" computers of NASA is an inspirational story. These women were wicked smart with phenomenal abilities.
Happy 99th birthday (today), Katherine Johnson! 
So glad to read about her. We need to hear more about people like her to shatter prejudices against women and minorities.
A great and courageous woman! What she did was amazing. Especially considering  the racist odds were against her! Dump Trump !
where are her Monuments located???
No longer a hidden figures!! #BlackGirlsRock #HiddenFigures #nasa
@LPtrckBrwn remember #hiddenfigures? 
Yes!

Now she deserves a statue. #BLM
1.I remember at the end of the movie the audience applauding, and then applauding more vigorously at the picture of her receiving the Medal
So proud she is a West Virginian, a West Virginia University graduate and the first woman to attend graduate school in her field!
There will many school named after you. What an inspiration. Happy Birthday Katherine Johnson.
An absolute American science goddess! 
Hey, we could use a statue of her instead of Robert E. Lee. Just saying.
BY HAND! Calculated the trajectory by hand.
And to Margaret Hamilton, the woman responsible for leading the Apollo in-flight software development team https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Margaret_Hamilton_(scientist) …
This woman. This. Woman. Right. Here.
Current reading material...
An excellent book.
living breathing proof that it's people who make the world go round, or rather, makes things go round the world ;-)

#top100womenontiwtter
What an amazing contribution and accomplishment. Extreme gratitude to Katherine Johnson for helping to  propel us into the future.
Thank you For Smart, Strong, Beautiful American Women! Katherine Johnson happy birthday! GODBLESS AMERICA!
She literally celebrated her first birthday on the day women got the right to vote!
Throughout history there are rarely such lights that shine so bright they illuminate a generation. Happy Birthday Katherine.
Long may she calculate
@aipepsy this was the lady who we watched about in Hidden Figures
The movie is a great introduction, but the book, Hidden Figures, is even better! By @margotshetterly
A good movie was done adout her
'Hidden Figures' I think it was called
It was a great movie!
It was indeed
Hard to believe they were treated so badly, I felt like smacking a few of her "colleagues"!!!
We have come a long way, sadly there are those who would send us back there
Yes, sadly U.S. not looking too good at the moment!
Besides the point of her monumental achievements, perseverance and intelligence but she's still looking fresh as hell 
WHERE. IS. THIS. WOMAN'S. RICHLY. DESERVED. STATUE?
women don't get statues. at least i don't recall ever seeing one anywhere.
1969: One day, college educated black professional won't have to endure indignities like segregated washrooms.
2017:
It's almost like that whole alleged swapping of parties thing never happened.

...

No, it's EXACTLY like that.
@deemariecunnin2 tons of stories refuting the claim.. she wasn't mentioned in any books or biographies until the PC push..
Amazing woman @DrBevMalone what a role model for all of us
Finally the world gets to know about her! Thank you for sharing!
Happy birthday #KathynJohnson. I saw Hidden Figure and I was in awe of your story. U dear lady are a legend. Thank u for u. #NASA #LoveHero
What a great subject for a statue.
A great name for a university or college or a park or a street.
Essa é uma missão para @Programa_PontoG #podcastfriday
É amanhã!! Mas já começamos as comemorações hoje mesmo
This is the kind of American who deserves to have a statue or a school named after her.
I totally agree!
Sei di parte eh! 
Eh si

100% badass
Right? "Badass" knows neither color or gender.
and I love her posture- hands on hips
Oct 4-6: the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing in Orlando. Shes another brilliant mathematician. Wrote the 1st compiler in '52!
My dream
@Ask_always @cramach23
That's my Goble-girl
it should be like, "happy birthday Katherine Johnson, NASA mathematician who ruined the last two months of my junior year"
Is Katherine Johnson on Twitter? Twitter needs more inspirational people like this.
I only heard about her in "Hidden Figures." One of my favorite movies. Much respect and admiration for her and the others. Happy Birthday!
She lives here I was honored to met her once Very gracious lady
@eileenfiddle  didn't i see this with you? x
Loved that film! x

Someone who's birthday and contributions to us all should be celebrated! Happy birthday, Ms. Johnson!
We need a true American hero to memorialize with a statue? 

Got one.
You'll never reach the moon if you don't aim for it....
Happy Birthday!!
What a great women
happy happy birthday!!!
@EliasNotAlias @BrooklynsSon
Dope!!!!
I worry we may miss the next generation Katherine Johnson bc of how we treat education in USA.  Fight the Stupids!
So who knew it was s woman who did that! Thanks @paulcoxon
Katherine Johnson @NASA is an amazing lady & an inspiration. If you havent seen it @HayleyHulme I recommend Hidden Figures  her story is fab
Just loved the movie Hidden Figures. The book And movie should be required by all students.
Cool. I never read the book or seen the movie yet. But it sounds awesome.
Great movie! Great for entire family
@EmilyFlump I saw Hidden Figures on the plane on Tuesday - she is such a legend!
That's an impressive film for a flight!
Trip to US so more choice than usual!
Happy 99th! Thank you for your persistence just to be allowed to do a great job. This country always has had peculiar values. #ShePersisted
Kind of like that little thing that brought black people here in the first place. The Peculiar Institution = Slavery.
Why would you denigrate a positive comment? Why sully congrats? If you are confused by 'tongue in cheek' expressions just seek explanation .
If you look closer, I was agreeing with you on the "peculiar" values (historically) of this nation. Sorry you didn't see it that way.
And thus we BOTH learn that 140 keystrokes of communication may be faster but not necessarily better. Glad we're on the same page!
Ms. Johnson is a *great* woman. She should have received recognition for her work at the time she was doing it. Happy 99th and many more!
Chorando 
@kunoyw dream job
forever a dream
Happy birthday to an incredible lady from a man who sometimes finds it hard to calculate the trajectory of his pee into the toilet bowl.
bom pra escrever contas complexas
@JoshMMagnaye @jonndimaano2011 @vincentibajo para sa mahuhusay na math geek. 
UUUYYY!!! THE Katherine Johnson!! Hahaha!
@l_e_thompson
I know!!!! 
You're an inspiration and always will be thank you!
Oh my goodness. Amazing. The stories that we never get told. Women of colour have BEEN doing great things.
Happy Birthday, Thank you for showing us that the improbable is possible. You proved we can do anything as Black women. You inspire
I recently saw the movie....what an awesome group of heroes!
Happy Birthday Queen Katherine Johnson
@scicopatos @MaisOuVaLeWeb avec les mains et les neurones et sans #bigdata ^^
#Trump's step mother

Happy Birthday
Now this is a real life legend and an inspiration to all women. Lets wish her a wonderful birthday.
I am in awe of this brilliant woman Sending all good wishes on her special day
she looks like my great-grandmother, who is about the same age
These people are on to something.
Fun Fact: In England, if you live to be 100, you can get a telegram from the Queen celebrating your 100th birthday. You go, Katherine!
Has she ever had a 15 team BTTS acca come in though ?
SHE IS A REAL AMERICAN HERO! God bless her ~*~
I love the story of this. Shameful that it wasn't a well-known one until recently.
It delights me to celebrate the life of such an outstanding leader
Class will triumph, eventually.  No matter how much we may wish it triumphed sooner....
Way to go, lets' unhide all of the unjustly "hidden figures" of our history.
Amazing woman, unique, talented Human being
Her story in the movie Hidden Figures is beautifully told.  Inspiring, brilliant, and courageous.
@emilyfraser736 the lady in hidden figures!
Legend!
She's an amazing woman!
Happy 99th birthday, to a #brilliant #AfricanAmerican. Ms. #KatherineJohnson, @NASA mathematician. #BHAWES
Happy 99th Birthday.              Thank You Katherine Johnson-- For everything
One of the most important women we never heard about until Hidden Figures.
So very glad you were born Katherine. The world is better for you being here. Thank you for shining so brightly. Happy Birthday!
@JoyAnnReid 
#Herstory
Love the comments. She is brilliant
Wishing Katherine Johnson a very happy 99th birthday, from across the pond. What a wonderful, fantastic woman! Sending best wishes! :)
Hey @ScissorTongue if you haven't already seen it, don't miss this movie - Hidden Figures.
OMG. Just saw the trailer on IMDb. Where did you watch it?
It came on TV also machan...
@staycuteandcool !!!
illoooooooo el lio te acuerdas
Síiiiiii es que vi el tuit y pensé "no será esta la señora de aquella vez que..." y en efecto joahdks aquí sí parece más que en otras fotos
sip lol
The unwanted have been the impossible for the ungrateful for so long they became unheard of.  But things are changing and people are getting some of their respect and dignity back. 2/2
Happy Birthday, I'm so proud of you!!!!
So amazing and inteligent woman. She's my hero 
Thank you ma'am for work on a job that thrilled & captured the heart of a nation.
Happy Belated Birthday!!!
Happy Birthday..
@kleins75
Let's build a sculpture of #KatherineJohnson. #rolemodel
Saw Hidden Figures on Inauguration Day. Couldn't think of a better thing to counter 45
All I can say is... Wow! What an amazing life!
Incredible, amazing, fantastic and very impressive. ⚘
Hidden figures....
cc @cockspit
Hbd to you
Great mama
There were so many women in math and sciences and computers than I ever knew. Finally finding out about them!
Amazing Woman Happy Birthday
Though Stevie Wonder wrote this for Mandela, it's also appropriate here:
Happy birthday to her! 
What brothers me is certain people would assume that she was unintelligent just from looking at her skin color.  She is a true genius.
Just watched the movie last night.Amazing God Bless.Thxs for all u have done for this country. Happy 99 to you.
Congratulations Ms. Katherine Johnson
Let #NASA maths genius who calculated the trajectory of the historic #ApolloXI,Kathy Johnson,forever #RIP!
We are very proud of your Human service & sorry for not allowing you to return to Our moon. Apollo 13 never should have been
+++T.W.J.+++
Happy birthday and thank you for all our important work, Ms.Johnson.
Happy Birthday Katherine! Thank you for all you have done.
Now here is a monument I could get behind. Thank you, Ms. Katherine Johnson.
The movie was brilliant portraying the story of @paulcoxon & her colleagues
Awesome sister to womankind!
Amazing! Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday Kathrine!!
@RoseKennedy26
WHAT A MIND! These days nuff ppl don't even know how to calculate on a calculator and this wonderful woman was out here calculating on paper
@BottomsUp_12 is this your goals?
I actually know one of the last 2 astronauts who walked on the moon.
#ism #PowerfuL
#HIDDENFIGURES would have gotten my vote for BEST PICTURE Oscar this year.  Wonderfully acted AND informative film. Everyone should see it.

Hero. Hats off to you. Happy birthday.
What a beautiful picture
Just brilliant
one of the greatest names of the history
Hidden Figures!!
How about a statue for HER !
Happy Birthday to a true American Heroine Pretty good at math also God Bless
Happy Birthday Ms. Johnson! What a wonderful inspiration you are! Thank you!!
What an amazing woman!
Beautiful Lady!  Brilliant Lady!  Say in voice of Baron Munchausen from “Adventures of Baron Munchausen” (1988 movie)
Amazing lady
Oh oh mama got her hand on her hip. You Go miss Katherine
What a remarkable woman!We all shld have her dignity & strength.Her self confidence undr pressure is inspiring.She symbolizes hope 4 us all.
I hope she has a wonderful day with the people who love her most and her favorite colleagues.
May your life continue to be filled with love health and God's grace and mercy. Happy Birthday! Thank you for your service to your country.
Now that's one Awesome and Beautiful Woman!
Just look at that sweet intelligence glowing through. I'm glad to learn about her!
Unbelievable accomplishment; I didn't even notice color.
Wish more people didn't add color label to EVERYTHING!
Respect #WomenInSTEM
Beautiful
Reminds me of a great scientist GN Ramachandran who calculated the popular Ramachandran plot  for protein geometry by hand mostly
Happy Birthday! American hero.

Beautiful!!!!
@BethyrooDarling 
Happy Birthday, Katherine Johnson
#HiddenFigures
@swift_narry hidden figures 
@charleen1237 @ellen_sisk @tazzymaherr
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dorothy_Vaughan … another great lady
Hope she'll receive, in good health, 26+ years more
@carolineee99 our gal
@limcz ur fav show de
Give her a statue
That's badass!
@shireenkhan Yet very few know of her amazing career at NASA, she should've been held up as a role model to all women/minorities
It makes me sick that I struggled through school "curriculums" and still never learned about people like her.
