I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare.
He's useless he needs to be impeached fake Trump is embarrassment to this divided states of America blaming everyone except himself
Needs to get back on his medication!
Good point, if it wasn't a tweet!
That's pretty rich coming from a Democrat.
Never a leader, never will be a leader, serious mental health issues.....impeach!!

I rest my case!
How is the Trump - Russia coordination investigation coming along? The public wants answers!
What does the public need 2 do 4 u ALL 2 hear us? WHAT!!!!!!  Do something.
He only know how to rule, not lead, you know it's not easy
SAYS A CONGRESSMAN....HAVE U SEEN UR APPROVAL RATINGS?  MAYBE U SHOULD HEED UR OWN ADVICE.
Donald Trump is such a liar. Republicans control all and they are smart enough to know they will lose seats in 2018. Disgusting
The most recent person who gave him a compliment becomes his newest hero. Let him tweet. Keeps his fingers away from the codes.
A strong leader can take responsibility while a weak leader looks for anyone else to blame...
Go check out Chuck Shumet and Palosi tweets today. Now talk about partisan...whoa
Better yet, admit collusion with a foreign power subverting democracy, resign, take your 'administration' with you Mr. Trump
It's partisan because of @HillaryClinton's resist, resist, resist & jabber jaws @MaxineWaters blanket refusal to work w GOP. Vile Dems!
So you slept thru the past 8 years, when your Repugs vowed to block Obama and even refused a vote on a supreme court nominee? SAD!!!
Well Trumpsters do live in an alternate reality.
Mark,.. the Democrats, Schumer, Pelosi, Pocahontas, your DNC chairman,.. THEY R the ones making this partisan. Can't pull wool over my eyes
thanks for your leadership.

Please block dismantling the 9th Appellate court!!!
i guess the idiot in WH did not read the ACA GOP is trying to sell. if so, he would realize miners r likely to have preexisting  conditions.
What's your point?
follow your own damned advice Mark, govern, work WITH the President of The United States, negotiate don't obstruct!!
back atcha
Thank you, Senator Warner, for your leadership.#KeepThePromise
YOU are in Congress, Mr. Warner. YOU are the one whose hands this will be on if this fails.
Because the people deserve to know the truth that the Dems are blocking everything!
@realDonaldTrump he must have someone to blame for his lack of leadership. If not HRC, Obama, the media, etc. He's unqualified!
@realDonaldTrump you can fix the country, learn about NAFTA, healthcare etc from the golf course
What the hell have you been doing the last 100 days instead of a fake investigation and putting up bills that you know won't pass?
Who knew that being President could be this hard
Because he's got one move. Be a bully. He's no negotiator. He's a buffoon with a big wallet. Kicking and screaming at not getting his way.
Thanks, Senator Warner!

#npr #cnn #wsj #HuffPostPol #nyt #WaPo #AP_Politics #foxnews #BBCnews #msnbc
He has to find a low hanging fruit to whine about, so he can "seem" to want to help the lowly Americans. The man is a fraud and a con artist
Trump deserves the same respect he shows others- which is none.
No, Doofus, your Republicans are TAKING AWAY their healthcare. #impeachtrump
@VanJones68 @realDonaldTrump if trump didn't tweet his lead, MSM will mislead
He's not exactly leadership material though is he?
Ironic tweet.
Keep calling him on it Mark. He figured out 3 months ago, when things fail, jump up and down and yell "mean Democrats" guy needs help!!!
Lies,  he needs to quit
Why dont you grow some balls and do your job and push on Russian investigation instead of looking so weak
Because @realDonaldTrump is Chauncey Gardiner. He just his mouth or thumbs in this case.
I wonder how it'll turn out for retired miners with pre-existing conditions.
He couldn't find his way out of a paper bag. Leading is so far beyond him.
I feel ill every time I think of Putin's puppet. We need you, @markwarner.
This should be sent directly to him Mark. @realDonaldTrump
Why isn't @Sen_JoeManchin calling him out on this?
And yet you are tweeting - par for the course for a do-nothing except waste our time hippocrite
#Amen !
#Investigate  #selectCommittee #putinPuppet
Amen!  However, he can't lead, he doesn't know how.  Tweeting and ratings are all he cares about.  Oh, and his rich friends, the swamp...
Yeah sure no coal miners are going back to work and he wants to take away their health information as well. Just wait till next year
#LyingPOTUS. Every time he opens his mouth smoke comes out of my ears. Pathological liar or best actor ever. Pure greed.
Sen Warner- it is more than clear that this POTUS is a puppet of a very disturbing hard right Partisan group that has no intention of change
It is partisan. Democrats are responsible and now acting like they had nothing to do with it
How about dems and moderate republicans put together a healthcare bill.  #lead.
I would suggest you impart the same advice to your counterparts.
You do the same thing every single tweet I read-
Whining over winning. That's the @realDonaldTrump way!
I agree
We are counting on you, Senator Warner to provide the leadership so desperately lacking from 45s WH! Thank you!!
Lets follow the Presidents lead.If it doesn't work in 2020 adjustments can be made. Got to be better than past 30 Yrs.He did win.
@realDonaldTrump is a tweeter, not a leader.
Mark you Don and Tim are all doing an amazing job. You have our full support and I look forward to turning VA blue St the local levels.
Grow a backbone, sir.  Your response should have focused on the LIE, not the partisanship.
We agree
When are you calling Sally Yates to testify?
Thank you Senator Warner. Please don't let the Russian investigation stall. We're all counting on you.
#KeepThePromise yourself and stop blocking what people want.
He is not a leader. Only in it for himself and money and adoration from his minions.
Also he is lying .
You're pathetic. He's lead more (& not from behind) in 100 days than YOUR prez did in 8 years. Have YOU been bipartisan, at anytime?
Do Insults help anyone learn anything? Do you have any actual facts you care to discuss?
Trumps tax plan is about screwing the middle class and poor and giving big money to the wealthy.
Senator. Shut up and get out of the way. You've already shown you're nothing but an obstructionist -- crying over Hillary.
Interesting you used a tweet to complain about someone tweeting. It's time for the Dems stop obstructing everything & work for the people.
- because it IS partisan. It is ALWAYS partisan with the Dems. It is way past time to call it out; every issue, every action, every time.
A. Because he is a small man.
He,@realDonaldTrump, hasn't learned how to lead a country or administration yet. Hope he will soon.Tired of his inane comments & hypocricy.
Misleading people @POTUS .
#GOP made this so partisan that they conspired with our worst historical enemy #RUSSIA. You follow we lead we want Vengeance!!!
He has zero understanding or connection with miners. He uses them. Some day my people will wake up and stop allowing it
Senator, does he propose a bill? Call him out on that!
Please just work on whatever it takes to get him OUT. Stop trying to work with these amoral individuals.
Sen Warner, please ask yourself when Sen Burr started working for Russia.
Implies he knows how.
AMEN!!!
@GOP is in control of WH and http://Congress.You  are the ones hurting the miners & all Americans with #TrumpCare.
He's forgotten Rs control Congress.
Because we are sick of your horseshit policies!!
JHC Warner, where the hell have you been the last 3 fucking decades? Calls for bi-partisanship? Spare me the theatre and get to fighting.
"When hatred consumes us we perceive enemies everywhere" ~Phema Chodron
Don't tweet about this corrupt madman. Impeach him. Thank you.
If he wanted to get a Healthcare bill into the senate, the only stumbling block he has is his own party in the house. Stop blaming dems.
This was the day he did not become President.
Senator, we need your help to give America back its country. You must know Burr's conflicts by now. (I worked for Ray Trott for 14 yrs!)
Because he imitates the pundits he see on TV. His only political experience.
How about leading the Trump/Russia investigation before he destroys USA/democracy? How about making it a priority? Control Burr!!!
He hasn't a clue how to lead
Loosing the ACA would take away healthcare for miners!! GOP's make this partisan! How many times have u voted to repeal???
You really think he had that capacity? I don't. That man couldn't lead out of a wet paper bag even w/knife and flashlight
@MarkWarner you need to lead also- get probe of russian interference in election moving!
Tell that to Nancy Pelosi.....
as much as I dislike her, she's actually trying to do something good for ppl on this one. #foreignconcept
You're right...at this time, we all need to chose country over party.
U want to take away not give away @realDonaldTrump
Pfft. Because Trump's MO is to have somebody to blame when his failure undoubtedly surfaces. He's not about leading, man. We all know it.
He's making it partisan for 1 simple reason HE cannot deliver on his FAKE promises
