Please just stop. This isn't normal and it's beneath the dignity of your office.
The man (and I'm not referring to Senator Sasse) is out of control and an embarrassment to our country.

#45THPOTUSBULLY: Instead of bullying, rants, tweets & tantrums. Trump could be working on and infrastructure bill to include cyber security. 
You have diginity Senator Warner. We all know who you're talking about if you're smart.
And, next day, back on the same page!  Nothing to worry about, Pres. we are good. Let's just REPEAL!!! We don't have to REPLACE. MAGA! BFF
Yes but when are you and your colleagues going to have the discussion whether he is mentally fit to continue to hold the office?
It's not normal. You're right.
@BenSasse explain to your kids trump is your team leader. Remember we teach our kids about the company they keep&how it can reflect on them
Empty words at this point. Come on.
Sorry Warner but u think "please just stop" is effective. GMAB! How abt "Weak GOP is tired of you destroy. our Consti.We are taking action."
1st hurdle...needs dignity and respect 
So hard I can't help myselfffff. Got your point I am too heavy at times. How to cryptically reach out to find someone extremely hard outback
All for respectful dialogue but Rome is burning. Need to act accordingly: quickly/decisively, or there'll be nothing left to save. #Impeach
Please get @realDonaldTrump  out of the white house. He's a disgusting man
Stop paying lip service to this nonsense and do something or get out.
Where's is the respect for Mika and all the other women he verbally abused and bullied. And continually calling the media fake news
Trump has no dignity and is doing all this to distract everyone from the real issues
Please tell the media they R the antagonists!Refuse 2 appear on shows that R not balanced N their stories! No fake news outlets @CNN @MSNBC
Why do we need to respect a person when he disdains people who don't agree with him. Remember Chamberlain.
Meanwhile, @BenSasse just touted Trump's idea of repealing #ACA and replacing "later." Please. He's no bastion of respect or dignity.
It's also total B.S. Trump has said equally disgusting things about Heidi Cruz, Megyn Kelly, Alicia Machado, etc. They own this guy.
Don't forget Carly Fiorina
The #Trump presidency is truly a tragedy for America. It is  a shame that you do nothing about it. @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr #MorningJoe
Agreed,I feel those on the hill laugh down on us as they glad hand about other deals.Trumps actions a priority over all. Form a committee.
Mark You should remember you said this the next time you talk about the President or one of your senator colleagues. In private or public!
Maybe then sasse could break from the party and stop rubber stamping everything he does?
Particularly when said someone deserves no respect, as he has done nothing to earn it.
Dear Sen.Warner, America has had enough of Donald Trump! He's a boil on the butt of R beautiful country! Please do all U can, 2 get him out!
Tweeting didn't get us here; the Republican party got us here.
trump doesn't understand the definition of the words or how they are received. Credit, he knows his base. Roger Stone taught well. Continues
You are aware that Congress can censure the President, right? You are one of the few be who can take meaningful action. But will you?
The Republican Party is no different then Trump. There are no consequences for his bullying and verbal abuse towards the media
It's a noncommittal condemnation of his attack.  A nondemnation if you will.
Mark you have important things to do. Get that asshole out of the people's house
Except he won't stop. He has to be stopped. By people like @BenSasse who won't.
Not voting with Trump would also be effective!
But he'll still vote the party line
Note to file: A small number of American savages are able to write grammatical English sentences devoid of obscenities or death threats.
The problem is not the tweets, it's his complete lack of character. Asking him to stop is no solution. He degrades the Presidency & must go.
@BenSasse This is about one year too late.
@BenSasse Unfortunately, Senators, one does not reason with toddlers. You set boundaries and discipline them. #25thAmendment
Here is the problem.Trump is not normal.He does not understand respect or dignity. Sometimes you have to use language the person understands
@BenSasse Action, please!  This is a great reply but WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO?!
Great question!
Are you talking about cheater Mika
Is there anything you could perhaps do to make it stop permanently?
Sasse's tweet is basically a subtweet.  Reply directly to potus tweets. Better yet, go to WH and tell him off.
Well said.
Some actions may show inadequate understanding of dignity, so many, so often show no capacity to imagine the dignity he doesn't possess
That's sweet, but what of substance has @BenSasse (or any other R in Congress) done to object to #Trump ?
I'll stick to my way of doing it thanks, but you carry on. In my book respect is earned not given because of position or any other reason.
PresTrump: Apologize. It is not normal, is beneath the dignity of your office, & signals to kids & your supporters that this is acceptable
Yes but why did it take so long for 45 to go a bridge too far for him and the others?
45 deserves no respect because he has no dignity! Respect is earned not expected!!
Didnt he go to last nights fundraiser?
But seriously, why bother? Trump doesn't care what he says/does.
That's for damn sure.
Thank you! I admire your respect for your own elected office!
This is not a sufficient answer for someone who may be mentally disordered and have malignant narcissism.
No need to retain dignity when upbraiding an adult child who has {Null Set} dignity himself. I don't have to tolerate intolerance, and won't
Mr. Sasse is ur party still expecting the fake president to "pivot?"
But he won't listen to that
Finally got the Dems and Repubs working together. Thank you!
Yes, this is a great example.  And an excellent point.  Thank you.
The traitor in chief does not deserve respect or dignity.
@BenSasse Proving everyday he deserves no respect from intelligent women +men. Plz do something. He is not my representative.
he will do it again..republicans will be shocked and tell him it needs to stop....then he'll do it again
How about instead: " I refuse to work with you if you continue tweeting crap".
That's great but it's not his office.
Excellent!
Trump can't spell dignity, let alone know the meaning of the word.
How about taking action.
@BenSasse needs to quit supporting trump
Hurry up guys and put the world out of its misery! He is not fit to be in the WH - the Russian Trojan horse!
DO SOMETHING! Tweeting just eggs T on. Repugs are the bottleneck...make their lives miserable, gang up be4 their cancerspreads
…most likely sent from a handheld device while sitting on a toilet. Americans need better leadership than this.
Funny Mark,.. not one word from you to the leftist media and their continuing INSULTS to The President & family. Guess you approve of that!!
Yes, Trump should refocus on taking healthcare away from 22 million. That's presidential behaviour.
Respectfully invoke the 25th amendment TODAY!  NOW
1. He didn't tag him in tweet.
2. If sent to u, would u change? Didn't think so.
3. Was all those Russia lies just respectfully disagreeing?
@bbkenn92 .fighting fire with Fire the whole world would burn!
Please understand Senator HE. IS. NOT. CAPABLE. His brain tells him otherwise. YOU & HOUSE MUST STOP HIM NOW. 25th Amendment.
@BenSasse Sadly thanks to the GOP the office & the party  no longer have dignity
Beevus & Butthead clones have no business getting airtime.  #Resist
Unfortunately it is not beneath the dignity of the person who is in that office.
Lol - name calling & disparaging comments are fun & games until the target returns fire then it's outrageous behavior?
The vile scum trump is a disgrace to America so depraved he is.
That's nice. What are you going to do about Graham and Grassley trying to shut down the investigation into DT and his campaign?
How about saying it to his face in an open forum?
Trump should apologize publicly to Mika & not some BS like when he said he apologized to his wife after his p**** grabbing comments.
Think about how our children perceive this! For teens who just started to pay attention to politics, it is such a bad example set for them.
"Disagree"?? Sir, with all respect...DO SOMETHING more than respectfully disagree with dignity. We need patriots who ACT & we need them NOW!
Please use your influence. Demand an apology for all women! When is  enough, enough?
Those who commit treason deserve no respect....orange jumpsuit yes but @POTUS deserves no respect
Thank you! And by not naming Trump in your statements they are all the  more powerful since everyone already knows who you mean
A Statesman speaks.
And hollow words anyway
Sadly, the illusion of Twitter being a "discussion" between individuals is a falsehood. 99.9% of responses to Verified accounts are ignored.
There is no dignity in the Trump Administration. America weeps
Yeah, Ben writes books when he wants to punch down. Right, @itsa_talia ?
Encourage your followers to #ReportTrumpsTwitter as abusive
So why don't you @ him?
Ya but dignity is not working clearly. Its been tried and he does not care. Drag him out in chains like any other scumbag....
Pity he didn't have the stones to name who he's referring to tho.
From one of Trump's many enablers. Sasse and the GOP let all of this happen.
And Sasse will just keep on supporting him so who cares what he tweets? Actions speak louder than words, don't they?
But it's not enough.
I wish Senators and House leadership would do something besides tell DJT to stop.  Make him stop!   @BenSasse
I have found that it is trump's most ardent supporters who consistently resort to name calling of people with whom they disagree
Dignity? He makes this comment now but will spend the rest of the day proudly supporting a bill that takes ins. away from 22 mil. people
Thank you for recognizing that Trump needs correction.
My point too. If @POTUS wanted to make a statement, what if he used some grace, dignity & decorum befitting the leader of our great country?
Seriously?
The Guy is a Senator...
And his best is a Tweet?
The Founding Fathers are rolling in their graves.
Trump is an absolute embarrassment to the US and Presidency. Zero self-control or maturity. #orangeidiot
Actions speak louder than words.
None of this is shocking the man has done grotesque, horrible evil things for decades. GOP knew this when it decided to back the psychopath.
Where's the respect and dignity for Mika Brzezinski?
Why not @ him.  Cowardly, at best. 

Any member of the @GOP shouldn't be talking of respect & dignity while trying to strip HC from millions
The psychological trauma to U.S. is being enabled by @Twitter @verified
But Mark, as I replied to Ben, it's not beneath HIM. We know that.
We've long known that.
With that, what do you do then?
All Republican's are enablers.
Trump is completely unfit for his job. It's disrespectful to the American people to treat this as some holiday table disagreement.
Disagree Senator.  Trump gets away with character assassination b/c never directly called out.  Remember "Crooked Hillary?" #TimesUp
@BenSasse Could you two work together on legislation, please? We need bipartisan governance more than ever!
And what will GOP do? Act all disappointed slap him on the wrist, go on w/business as usual. Impeach the s.o.b. Now
With all due respect he won't stop. I know an anti-social personality when I see one. 
Can you & @BenSasse please do something to make America smart again? Please? Right now? Please?
polite disagreement is why he's president - you can't give respect to someone who hasn't earned it or doesn't value it - diamonds to swine
Yet nothing will change and the GOP will continue to work with him and advocate his policies, so it isn't all that impressive. SAD!
"Beneath the dignity of the office?" It's beneath contempt. Less than we demand of children. Commenting without saying so is weak. @BenSasse
Please keep an eye out for big undemocratic/UnAmerican acts today. The President is trying to distract us all.
Are you kidding? Benn Sasse is a hypocrite of the first order.
False  outrage. We all knew what kind of person he was long before he got there. Every voter knew. So surprises here.
When will all of you do what's right? Instead of being complicit?
Can you please do something about this ad? https://www.facebook.com/NRA/videos/1605896562755373/?fref=mentions …
None of these congressmen/women are actually REPLYING to @realDonaldTrump - they're just talking to their base. SPEAK TO TRUMP!
Sorry, Senator. The dignity is gone.
Dignity? Trump???
I’m certain that Mark was refering to Ben Sasse with that particular word… I mean, it’s the only way it makes sense.
While I would usually agree…Dignity didn’t get Trump elected and it won’t get him out of office.Think of something else before its too late!
Unfortunately, this "president" does not understand respect and dignity. #MAGA #ImpeachTrump
Except he never linked it to trumps account.
Respect needs to be earned. Trump earns nothing.
But how should we act when our elected representatives have abandoned dignity & integrity? Not speaking up against T is dereliction of duty!
All members of the US Congress should be required to observe the British Parliament. They do the widest range of things respectfully there.
It is but the tweets gives us a realtime daily look of who he is. That's invaluable.
Going high has resulted in reporters being assaulted and vilified. I say let's fight fire with fire, to quote SHS. #Resist
Mr. T better be very circumspect when discussing anyone's I.Q.  

That's a fight he'll never win.
Perhaps more effective if actually directed at the person with whom one disagrees?
Censure 45
Senator Warner, the President has apparently thrown a book at his television after watching a press conference.  What about the 25th?
then he should do something about the entire fake presidency instead of tweeting about a tweet about an insult to a lady who's on tv.
@ericgarland @BenSasse Very nice. Always good to be civil. However, Trump isn't listening. Mr. Sasse must act. It's high time.
But sadly it isn't beneath the (absent) dignity of @realDonaldTrump - and everyone knew it going into the election.
what about when Ben sat next to Bill Maher and laughed when he said "nigger"? was that beneath his office? was it dignified?
Yeah I've tried that.. It doesn't work  #SAD
And a reminder that actions speak louder than words...or in this case, tweets
Then why won't you call out POTUS & Hold him accountable? Y'all are just condoning his vile behavior
Enough with the respectful disagreeing. We are at DEFCON 1 here with this @POTUS   Something needs to be done. We have had ENOUGH.
This is great but @BenSasse didn't @ Potus? Why?
FAIL. Need action, not kumbaya weasel words.
No, that's a lesson in how to grandstand for faux-moderate cred while still being a hard yes on Deathcare in the most cowardly way possible.
President of character.
That's presuming the dimwit in chief understands dignity <hint: he doesn't>
It's normal for him. He is undignified.
Trump is insane. Call him out!
A real character lesson would be in actually doing something about it
It's also a lesson in cowardice, Senator. If @BenSasse wants to be a leader, it's time to stand up and lead. Words are meaningless.
"A <140-character lesson in how to scold on Twitter yet still be willing to kill millions by taking away their health ins" -fixed it for you
I disagree with the way your office handled my query on your up vote for Rex Tillerson as Sec. State. Please respect your constituents.
#censure
Not really, same guy that waited for POC to be outrage before condemning Maher's use of a racial slur
while at the same time providing full support for the President's vile and destructive agenda. At this point, what is respect really worth?
And then he goes back to supporting Donny's bullshit agenda
Not sure why you're so impressed
Whwts funny to me is the dems have no problem encouraging these disgusting media people to say and do anything against the president
Lots of good that does.....
Senator, please do something. Every day he diminishes the USA and its people.
I would prefer to see disagreements on important issues in long form, bipartisan, substantive debate on the floor of Congress. 

Not tweets.
This needs 2 be beyond disagreement. This is unacceptable behavior from the President & no1 has the courage 2 do what's necessary 2 stop him
Don't give him too much credit.  he can't find 140 characters to say depriving healthcare in favor of tax cuts is beneath dignity of Senate
If I understand premise of Sasse book, he would discipline his child for speaking like this, not just say gently "this isn't how we talk."
The office has dignity. Trump doesn't.
