And the ACA hasn't already had that effect?  Really?!?
No. Really. The uninsured rate is at historic lows.
It may be but no one can afford it
Makes no sense to agree uninsured rate is at historic lows but then say no one can afford it. Insurance is expensive, always has been.
I haven't agreed. 100% coverage would be inconsequential if people can't  afford costs. Why is this difficult to underdtand?
The fact is the uninsured rate is the lowest it has ever been. To "disagree" is to reject reason and not work in reality.
You have no coverage if you can't afford to be sick. Happens every  time the gvt gets involved or, as in this case, takes over a market.
Literally the opposite of what the ACA is. Please continue to read and open your mind. People's lives hang in the balance.
Don't tweet anymore you have stopped working for the people. Resign!
What an alarmist you are. You had years to fix this and didn't.
NONE of you has held the insurance industry's feet to the fire. Either regulate them or create a govt. run company that competes with them!
That statement is false and was only used to instill fear in people.
DNC reports worst April of fundraising since 2009 ~ Guess all the Anti-Trump  @POTUS isn't Winning strategy
There's a good breakdown on what happened to Obamacare here.
Tis the demoncrats causing the future griefs of americans. MGEDYAY oh unholy demoncrats.
It's all about the insurance companies price gouging while they can. Corporate health is big money & patients have to pay the price or die.
@SenateDems @POTUS @CNBC This i can retweet. But twitter wont let me retweet that Bernie Sanders is sueing the DNC & clinton.
Bullshit
Please remind the GOP & Trump about the Preamble to the Constitution. It's criminal that Trump uses elderly & poor as bargaining chips. #ACA
@markwarner @RobWittman fix this mess. Wittman man up to humanity and not dollars
Mark,.. DEMOCRATS through Soros are sowing chaos and ANARCHY in The United States, and yes,.. if it continues people are going to get hurt!!
IF WE DIDN't have OBAMA care. That is on you dems. Now it needs fixed and because of politics you all make it impossible. HIPOCRITS, hinders
Real people like SethRich  #Justice4Seth  #Justice4Seth  #Justice4Seth  #Justice4Seth  #Justice4Seth  #Justice4Seth  #Justice4Seth
He never held up the new program! You were advised a year ago the system was on fast track of self destruction!
Trump & Repub causing medical miscarriage due to their medical gerrymandering
this is why my neighbor believes "Obamacare" is failing. If they'd fund it insurers wouldn't worry.
Seriously, how is this Trump's fault. All politicians are sowing chaos by putting their political needs before those of citizens. Nonsense.
@GOP @realDonaldTrump I see your leader is doing all he can to ensure damage to ACA & anyone lacking a job with health insurance  DESPICABLE
Who killed SETH RICH?
@MarkWarner Get your act together. We the people need tax reform and infrastructure to get done! Stop messing around. We are hurting. Do it!
Not to worry the American PEOPLE know you @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems are doing nothing we see it we are http://not.LIKE  illegals
Perfect opportunity to get rid of health insurance once and for all. Health care for all, not insurance.
Another delay by a Democrat that won't work for America !!!
Rates have been going up since the implementation. The only chaos sown was sown by those who voted for #Obamacare in the first place.
I work in medical, Sen. Warner, and the hypocrisy coming out of your mouth is sickening! Your Pty. destroyed the healthcare system!
Uncertainty is the result of Dems. Try working with the Pres! Former Dem and Amer. is sick of all this fighting! I pay $1,193 mo Obamacare!
What are you talking about? The Senate is going to take up the House version, and waiting for the CBO report before they proceed.
This @POTUS has no clue what he is doing. What a mess!
Mark Warner - The President is doing great things in the Middle East now!! When he gets back you can work with him! You have Obamacare now.
medicare for all plz not billions more for defense.
U.S. pays 2x as much to have a CEO get rich by denying care. End for profit Healthcare!
Senate should get to work on passing a bill then eh Mark?
I suggest you work with @SenSanders on a #MedicareForAll bill which will both expand access and save money
So that would explain by premiums doubling from 2013-2016 And why so many insurerers bailed out between 2013-2016?  All Trump, right??
Explain why you were elected and took a oath..was it just to be the party of obstructionist..or maybe produces bills and laws for voters.
@GOPsenfinance sent ltr 2 a select few askg only 4 pro-fdbk on the AHCA be sent 2 healthreform@senatefinance.gov  I respd2 #ACA
Can you just once be honest with the American people, who want you to work with the people on the other side of aisle...to help us.
Lets just complete the Russian investigation so we can insure the country with ACHA!  Not the weak Obamacare Mandates!
Be gone bot.
Nothing but continual lies coming from @MarkWarner-enemy of the people!
Actually @MarkWarner it's YOU and your anti American liberal Colleagues that are sowing chaos! Look out! We the people have had enough.
Its time democrats step up and take responsibility for this piece of crap they passed.
Obama care belongs to the Dems.  OBAMA CARE  Stop blaming Trump.
Even with "certainty" we had higher price hikes for Obamacare plans.  Every year the bill comes, it's higher premiums & deductibles.
INSANE @MarkWarner creating chaos & False Fear!  @FoxNews @WashTimes @dcexaminer @washingtonpost Nothing Productive!  @realDonaldTrump 
Where's my $2500/yr savings you promised we Virginians?  #virginia #obamacare #AHCA
Impeachment will help
