Cohen was within his rights to make that statement. This is a political witch hunt and is not different that the wasteful Ken Starr debacle.
Bullshit. This is not the same as that mindless crap. This investigation has shown already that this crew is a set of Russian puppets.
Whose? Yours? Naw. They'll do better than that. The whole group is in pictures, videos, and recorded conversations backed by witnesses.
And there was clearly enough evidence to satisfy an Article III judge to issue a no-knock warrant. I'll conclude there is enough evidence.
REMEMBER:  #Democrats choose illegal aliens over #American citizens.  Election Day is Tuesday, November 6th, 2018.  Dems will lose big.
We do need to hear from these folks but expecting them to 'work in good faith' may be a stretch.
Looks like it worked out just like Cohen planned. He has another delay. Please don't EXPECT "good faith" from these people! #RESIST
Thank you, Senators @MarkWarner and @SenatorBurr
Unfortunately there's no consequences to his giving them the run around. 1st Facebook then 
Michael Cohen. Who's next?
Was it previously closed and now open?
Was supposed to be a closed interview today. Will now be open session and under oath. Oopsie!
How about an open session with the Awans?
The FBI under Comey was a huge joke...they cared nothing for the rule of law #fakedossier where is your interview with the broker (McCain)

All that does is give him enough time to flee the country or put a  to his head. Just sayin'
Mmm.
Good move. Checkmate.
#PresidentHillaryClinton
But there are few in this administration who know what good faith is, much less how to act with it. Time to invoke the 25th Amendment.
He played you!
Sleep well @MichaelCohen212 , the day after Manafort messed with the SSCI his house was raided #MuellerTime
We hope.
sorry. you're wasting time. you had him in front of you. We need answers more delays don't help.
or should I say "Woman Up" and question him. you can bring him back again. don't be afraid of these fools.
So they should allow him to break the promise he made. They're holding him accountable & making him go before an open committee
Problem with open is others being investigated will know what to say
Like the do not have phones? Real investigators at work, know how to trip clowns up.
And I agree, they will be tripped up, too stupid so far to make me think different
Perfect we'll ALL be listening.
Why is Cohen not held in contempt of congress, after making public statement after being ordered not to prior to testimony.
Not sure he takes orders...
Every person that appears before the U.S. Intel Committee should be Under Oath and held Fully Legally Liable to the extent of the law.
@naychu3 @MarkWarner @SenatorBurr ABSOLUTELY NOTHING LESS!
Cue the lock-picking FBI agents in 3...2...1...
how come the news of his last week appearance leaked?
many including Comey released their statements before hearing and there's any complaints
Looks like Cohen is playing games with the Congressional Intel Community to obstruct the investigation.
They got his number though don't they?
Hope you made him wait in a time out chair... next time under oath 
Cohen: Hold my beer.
Committee: Check Mate
Cohen: Uhhmm
Cohen can't refuse to meet with Senate Intel Cmte. I'm tired of WH admin & other nefarious characters sending regrets. It's not a choice.
Mark Warner is a criminal in the worse way. Screw Congress. They get absolutely zero done. We should put all of them behind bars. #asshats
Well....thanks for giving Cohen exactly what he wanted.  Do you think this bothered him?
Good for him. He knows this  committees nasty tricks, leak what you want and parse words. You're all a joke.
All politics. All of it. It's a swamp. Good for Trump's lawyer.
When will you and @SenatorBurr be apologizing to President Trump about his wiretapping comments?
Probably never, since the Manafort tap had zero to do with Trump or the White House.
America, America God shed his grace on thee
Wiretap 
Obstruction
#LockHimUp
Why?
Give up the fake Russua ruse  or turn it where it's true - to Hillary
Screw Yiu- he has nothing to hide. You lied about the wiretap and Trump being under investigation. Resign u liberal traitor
U seem like an honest guy caught up in corrupt Democrat scheme to get HRC elected! This is much much worse than Watergate! We want the Truth
I think we have now seen the corrupt lying Obama admin trying to rig the election 4 HRC! Phony Dossier to get a tap is Crrpt! We need Truth!
Typical investigation . You can take a traffic ticket and turn it into a life long investigation. Get to work. Congress=Loafers
Awe did he steal your thunder? Have to re-word your questions again with hopes you can make it true? #pathetic #defunctional
And we would expect ANYONE associated with Trump to cooperate and to do as asked??? Where have these people been??? IT'S TRUMP!!!
#AntifascistAlert Weenie Warmer gets his snowflake melted

Michael Cohen exercises 1st Amendment Rights

#Antifa aka Democraps hate the 1stA
And now we all get to watch him squirm on national TV. Man, what a day! So much winning.
Texas AND Florida. Benefiting most directly from polluting the entire planet with refreshing climate change - the GOP plan for apocalypse.
Y'all mad bc you can't keep this shit secret? Why weren't y'all mad at @DevinNunes ?
Manafort wiretap comes out, Cohen postpones. hmmmm very interesting
Work in good faith. Ha, you mean good faith that secret testimony isnt going to be leaked, that there is sound evidence for these hearings.
What did you expect? Another Night Crawler for sure.
Trump/Russia collusion was fabricated 2justify wiretap/unmasking of Trump campaign officials. Investigate real crimes instead of witch hunt
They do what they want.
Stop the witch hunt  Time to unite as Americans
No mention in Cohen's statement of his role in the Ukraine-Rus peace agreement he hand delivered to Flynn.
YES!!
#StopTheWitchHunt
Michael Cohen is a buffoon, made a million mistakes over last couple years in regards to Trump & Russia. How does he still have clients?
Open  session 
Why are you allowing these people to get away with it? Get real! We want answers!
You people are dillusional. Obama wire tapped Trump tower during a presidential campaign, but you're worried about HIS testimony? OBAMAGATE
They tapped Manafort. No one said they didn't.
A FISA warrant for Manafort. A man so crooked, Trump repudiated him DURING THE CAMPAIGN!! Not a good guy.
Cohen's arrogance needs to be brought up short. Subpoenas sent. Public questions. Indictments is warranted, no delays.
Why would Cohen do that? Just to show DT how loyal he is? Strikes me as pretty stupid.
Never thought DJT was anything but a total moron, well, that and a sociopath, bigot, con man, misogynist, totalitarian...but still moronic.
Attempted intimidation by out of control progs. Trump won, you lost, get over it.
Good. It should be made public.
Was Michael Cohen's written statement a coded message to his handlers?
ouch lol
Well played by the Intel Committee for now having him testify publicly instead of the closed session he would've had today.
Thanks for your good and principled work on getting to the bottom of this mess.
You lied about Donald Trump being wiretapped. You have zero credibility 
Liar. You lied to all of us about FBI surveillance. You are either incompetent or corrupt. I suspect both. Resign.
Good for you! Just like Trump, rules do not apply!
Why isn’t he being punished for this, you know he did it on purpose, don’t let these assholes get away with this shit...damn it
Why should he follow your requests? Don't think you people stick to the "not" leaking stuff preemptively either. #recuse #Witchhunt
The longer UR investigation lasts, the more we find out about the unscrupulous actions of the prior administration. #SenateInvestigation
You tell em Mark
When will u be requesting the access to the DNC servers so that they can be properly examined?Shouldn't that be step#1 in your investigation
No proof at all for this.  After almost 2 years of collecting info, we have seen no real evidence!
This is pretty awesome.
You are a proven liar and should be removed from your position. You have no integrity
You two lied about the wiretapping. Recuse.
Warner now has egg on his face. Want to retract on your incessant attack on our president and his administration?
Never. Your "president" is a con, illegitimately elected. He, his crook and liars, will be gone soon. #Mueller #MAGA
How much more taxpayer money is going to be trashed just to satisfy your ego. Stop the witch hunt. Taxpayer not served by your corruption.
You lied then. Time for you to remove yourself.
Sen. Mark Warner on WH doubling down on wiretap claim: "I wish they would get over it and move on" 
He was lying in that statement, too. Thanks for holding Cohen accountable.
This is nice and all but he will just take the 5 th all day. That's what criminals do.
It was good enough for the prior administration so I am certain it will be fine for this one, too!
Liar! You intentionally carried on with public  defamation of a sitting President! You should be expelled!
You seem to be trying to slow the investigation to me.
Yeah technically you guys need to recuse yourself... #coverup #lies
Recuse. Thanks
Maybe he's using the Lois Lerner playbook.  Make a statement, then plead the 5th.  It worked nicely for her.
How about you quit lying!
you and the horse you rode in on, you know this whole thing is a sham
Open session. Like that.
Your a liar. You are what destroying this country and our government. If you had any ethics you would stop mueller & all investigations
RECUSE YOURSELF. YOU LIED.
You lied about the wire tapping! Unfit to serve!
More stall tactics I see.
You LIED about the Trump wiretap. YOU LIED. YOU  LIED. YOU LIED.
Good move.
Subpoena Cohen
Bam!!!!
Expecting anyone from WH  work "in good faith with the Senate" is folly
Stalling tactic
SAYS WHO
Arrest him?  For making a public statement?
Based on previous admins. Hold him in contempt and never speak of it again. #holder
This committee seems ineffectual. Why is investigation going at snail's pace? Why does committee let possible traitors dictate proceedings?
The only reason, I can see, for this action is the case blew up in your face or would have with this testimony.
Next interview needs to be public, televised. ALL interviews should be public and televised.
QUESTION: If @realDonaldTrump is completely innocent, why is it he & every member of his family, staff & legal team LIE & COLLUDE 24/7?
That's a load of crap get his ass over to testify ASAP
So, curses foiled again, another Intel Comte scammed and conned & another Trump lawyer getting away with being corrupt.
He's just going to plead the 5th Amendment anyway.
Get them all Senator! Cohen is a complete scumbag mobster and thinks he's above the law as does our president.  You need to nail them all!
Ball less
Make him. He said he would take a bullet for Trump. Put your big boy pants on. That went out the window learning bout wire tap. Guilty much!
Mr Cohen was there.  The senators sent him home.  He was willing and able, today.
That will unfortunately never happen
None of them should be afforded the luxury of closed sessions. It is a public matter.
Good on you, sir for not caving to Trump admin media manipulation.
We're sorry but Cohen has a severe case of shitting his pants and can't come in to testify.
The committee cancelled his testimony because Mr Cohen released a statement.  Sounds like he was getting ahead of the closed testimony!
Right, like ANYONE in this admin acts in good faith. None of them are legitimately there #TrumpRussia
Really? The 63 million Americans voted for him. Are you saying we don't matter? We put up with 24 years of misery. You can put up for 8
Coincidence after NYT reporter overheard two others openly discussing #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Trump/Russia collusion is a farce. The only crimes committed here are unmasking and illegal surveillance of American citizens.
Play hardball. Serve him TODAY with that subpoena.
Mr Cohen would have testified today.  The committee sent him home.  So it was on the them, not Mr Cohen.  They were mad about his statement!
Thank-you Senator Warner.
GREAT!  I don't think any of them should be testifying in closed session.  I am glad it will be open now.
Me 2.
Grrrrrrr 
Sounds strategic. I hope the delay is worth it.
If your strategy is to lose...
They agreed not to speak publically about the meeting. Cohen broke that agreement
doesn't want Cohen to prejudice public? Committee's way of getting a public hearing under oath. Timing with Mueller findings?
Michael Cohen is

Where is joint statement that you lied when stating there was no surveillance of Trump.  Funny now u don't want the truth? 2 bad it's coming
There was no surveillance of Donny. Do you think he and Manafort are the same person in two hideous disguises or are you being disingenuous?
Now get him publicly and under oath.
That's precisely what this memo says they're going to do.
Please hurry
Get these crooks!
Apparently, Trump wants to build in Moscow. He renewed http://TrumpTowerMoscow.com  in June '17 thru July '18.
@SenKamalaHarris @BillClinton @cnn
A Moscow building project will give him a new front for massive money laundering.
Thank you sirs. @SenatorBurr as a constituent thank you.
@donnabrazile @SenatorBurr yasssss!
As Ms Slocum would say "Weak as water..." Compel him to testify by subpoena. Everyday this drags on is another day America suffers.
So because he wants to put his side out publicly, you cancelled & will make him testify in open session publicly? I guessing he didn't want?
Mark, where was your outrage when Lois Lerner pulled all of her shenanigans?
The actions Trumps DoJ has found no cause to move forward on?Maybe, just maybe, you believed a lie?
How can he do that? This is nutz
So... reschedule is only blowback from breaking the agreement? No wonder they test the committees. Between R complacency and T perfidy...
The catch is this one will be public, as it states.
Well at least a hearing that should have been public in the first place will be scheduled. Why do I suspect he'll pull a Flynn...
Agreed! Subpoenaed testimony invites search warrant for Mueller to verify statements. Was much better off cooperating today....
Volunteered testimony. No subpoenas for what was scheduled today. And they did cooperate today. Was cancelled by committee.
^^^^^^^^
*SENATE INTELLIGENCE LEADERS ISSUE STMT ON TRUMP LAWYER COHEN

