One thing has not changed, those making the decisions for the country don't have to worry about their health coverage.
True enough.  But at least some of them are looking out for the rest of us.
You must be so proud.
https://twitter.com/amirtibon/status/912625264026415104 …. This is ridiculous. Seriously ridiculous.
Israeli security officials confirm that Iran's "ballistic missile launch" Trump tweeted about, didn't really happen
https://www.haaretz.com/us-news/1.814262 …
That's what Republicans think of freedom.  To be ejected.
Kinda like the left wing Freedom of Speech thing?
No rest for the Weary!202-224-3121Keep calling your MOCs 'til Oct 1stDon't trust @GOPor@SenateMajLdr#ZOMBIETrumpCare NOT dead yet
Yes. This was TRAGIC IRONY at its worst. 
Again, Capitol Police eject people in wheelchairs, people who want to testify how Medicaid keeps them alive.  How cruel!
Oohhh... The "cruel" word again...
I call that a good start!!
What weak sisters you are!! Wimps.
This is the epitome of egregious.
Shame on the cowards that can't face the people they're trying to destroy.
Yeah!!! And the ones that lied to us about the cost of ObamaCare!!!
Oh yes! Because that makes the most sense. Nobody asked to be chronically ill. Or metastatically I’ll. I know from current experience.
are we going to be put in gas chambers next per white house
Correction: Arrested! They're being arrested. Police are cuffing attendees in wheelchairs. GOP new slogan: "Arrest & Repeal"
Short recess while they get rid of the people opposing it.
They're disabled, they were in line at 4:30 AM to ensure they had a seat in the room!!!
That revised ban must be horrible if GOPers have to remove the opposition (disabled people) to prevent them being heard.
It's a total ADA violation, and Orrin Hatch bragged about creating the ADA & then said nothing when they were blocked from entering the room
I'm glad you guys are fighting for our healthcare but the people in Porter Rico are dying. Help them!!!
Not surprising. GOP leadership dsnt want public knowing what's in GC or hvg to admit it themselves. Only 20 seats available to the public.
By all means, those affected should have no voice. What country is this?
It is shameful and dangerous to remove Americans from their wheelchairs.
Yes it is!  Ppl don't realize that you cannot manhandle people with serious phys limitations w/o injuring them: @ADAPT ACTIVISTS ARE HEROS!
Seeing the ejection and arrest of fellow Americans with disabilities is horrifying. Is this what you stand for @LindseyGrahamSC @senategop?
Senator Graham is showing us all that what he stands for is millions in donations from the Koch Bros. Money trumps all.
Our great democracy!
.@JohnCornyn this is why the Republicans need to include representatives all  of America to the law making process
Rise up and fight back as the Senate Finance Committee Republicans try to hurt Americans with #GrahamCassidy! #ProtectOurCare #SaveACA
No rest for the Weary!202-224-3121Keep calling your MOCs 'til Oct 1stDon't trust @GOPor@SenateMajLdr#ZOMBIETrumpCare NOT dead yet
Saw the pictures from this horror show!
I don't know how you do it Mark, you're a better man than me. I'd be punching these GOP mutherfuckers out by now.
Who pay for Medicaid the tax payer and if you are on Medicaid you don't make much money so you don't pay for it   The people who work hard
BOT ALERT!
: criminal behavior by visitors to the peoples' house should not be tolerated. Shame on you for condoning it!
EXACTLY!!!
I think school was out on that day so the snowflakes had nothing to do.
now how low is that the disabled people in wheelchairs etc going to jail for medical coverage next i guess gas chambers
Shameful. Absolutely horrified - open mike between McConnell & Hatch made me sick, embarrassed to be an American once again.
Is it because hearings have rules about disruptive behavior. Or are you anti-law and order? WTF is your point?
This is beyond shameful and disgusting. No one should be treated that way. #GrahamCassidySucks
Senator Warner you sure know how to make a statement! Glad Senator Collins has now put the kabash on the whole thing. Bravo to you all!
I don't know how you can look your @GOP colleagues in the eye after stunts like this.
I'm horrified the arrests of the people with disabilities appear to be okay with the GOP and for Trump's base. Who are these people???
Shameful
Best article I've seen on #GrahamCassidy:  http://www.commonwealthfund.org/publications/blog/2017/sep/graham-cassidy-is-unworkable ….  Even if you can stomach all the uninsurance, it will be total chaos.
Maybe they shouldn't worry about the Koch Brothers, and other Lobbyist and do their jobs that they were *elected* to do!
What a disgrace! We The People deserve so much better than this!! #HouseGOP what happened to bipartisan? You know working together!
Truly a disgusting place that this country is at.
Wow!
Trump & theses heartless extremist Republicans have sealed their own fate.
So what's being done about it?
Welcome to @realDonaldTrump 's America.
Accurate statement.  Appalling.
a/k/a #Washington
Exactly. So wrong.
The Senate really shouldn't be doing anything else until they get PR some real help. -- A Va. voter
Horrifying but not surprising.  The people's house indeed.
And Hatchs smug face during didn't help

Sir, what exactly does this mean?
Only rich people matter...rich white people matter most
Yeah gotta get those disabled n wheelchair bound ppl out of the hallways need the room for lobbyists to deliver their payoffs to GOP filth 
Disgraceful
@GOPSenFinance @SenateFinance the treatment of our most courageous, while most vulnerable was a disgrace #ADAPTandRESIST #NoGrahamCassidy
I ask again: WHAT COUNTRY IS THIS?!?!
That's American!!!!
Wow. That's so true. Sadly.
Shameful. Thank you for standing up to injustice, @MarkWarner
This is not my America.

The difficult protest! #ADAPTandRESIST 
These Americans are an example to us all! They protest for each and every one of us. Call Congress!
Typical
G/C Would not want all of those disgustingly disabled people to be in the room. Good god some of them have colostomy bags and limbs missing.
I hope there's a second wave waiting to hit the beach.
Ask @MarkWarner why he exempted out of Obamacare?  He wouldn't dare have his family on Obamacare!  He is ALL talk & no action!
!!! EJECTED !!!
Well, yes, of course. That just makes perfect sense. That will play well at tomorrow's presser. :/
Well doesn't that make for a friendly welcome!!
Epic Senate burn! @SenateMajLdr & @BillCassidy, @OrrinHatch, consider yourselves rekt. But not as wrecked as we'll be if u pass this trash.
Dammit I left out the lead arbiter of pernicious bullshit in the Republican party! @GrahamBlog I'm damn sure you're an atheist now. 
Disgusting
Disgusting
Hot garbage mess
This is what they think of our most vulnerable! 

Arrests were horrifying. I saw  a woman in a wheelchair that appeared to have no arms/legs, being wheeled out by a cop. Handcuff problem? 

Definitely not a good visual.
This is no longer the America I used 2 love. We have become hateful, small minded fools. Would they drag out crippled vets on Medicaid?
Unbelievable.
How. Kind. Of. Him.
Boy, you hit the nail on the head! Thanks for all you do!
I want the other UNIVERSE back!
Excuse my language but this is totally fucked up and not the way things are supp to be done. I weep for my country's and children's future.
You'll be supporting ANTIFA NEXT
and they are ejecting them. Dragging them out by wheelchair, gurneys, on crutches, etc.
Compassion especially with the immigrants and Dreamers Thank you once again
Always nice to heard front you i reading your messages wonderful thank you so much U.S. SENATOR MR.  MARK WARNER thank you for being
Oh my word
Welp, live by the deject, die by the deject. It’s what my mama always told me.

It is the (new) American way! Death is cheaper than health care -- apparently the new GOP policy. Congress has become a "Death Panel"!
Sounds like a good time to work on those swing votes.  Get busy!
This is disgusting
Tax federal reserve funds.
I keep thinking those selfish, greedy old sonsabitiches can't live forever & keep rigging the system..then remembered, THEY have insurance
If ejected then remove investments from us.
That will make it “stronger!”
Hard to support the bill when you have to look the victims in the eyes.
Outrageous! Removing sick people in wheel chairs show us exactly what the Repugs are all about.
The GOP is vile, cowardly and reprehensible. Can't bear to be confronted with the reality of their works.
@LindseyGrahamSC sd ppl who want his POS bill aren't there. I'm sure in minority. This bill is 4 his & @BillCassidy EGO. NOT thinking of ppl
4 FeckSake name bill aftr themselves. SoEGOTISTICAL ignore drs/nurses/entire healthcare industry. Unfecking believable. KMcCoy RN BSN MBA FU
When you mislead people isn't that lying?
Exactly.

Unacceptable!
Sen. Warner gets cake and ice cream for this beautiful .
Your cheering and once again NOTHING GETS DONE
What? Am I reading this correctly? They are throwing out Americans from open hearings? What the hell!
Unbelievable! This is not acceptable!
The authors of this bill are hell bound spawns who will choke on their own prostates for eternity.
They're disabled, they were in line at 4:30 AM to ensure they had a seat in the room!!!
ADA violation- and Orrin Hatch boasted of his connection to creating the ADA! Shameful!
Horrible. But please use the time to work on helping Puerto Rico.
Sad day.
Sure, take your time.
Organized by you Kleptocrats....then the ranking member blows smoke in his opening remarks.
How can this really be happening?  Hope you and other Dems are doing more than just tweeting about it.
Shame shame shame.
Wow . . .
@laureldavilacpa 
LOCKING UP crippled people, that's
BEGGING U not 2 take their Healthcare away....

pathetic & sad......SMH!
What?!
So you say! I say you demorats, are obstructionist, and should be voting affirmative on same proposed bill! Obama care is a disaster!
Well that figures..
OMG!!!  We are becoming a communist country.  Sad
Keep fighting for us. Thank you.
The Americans the G-C fake bill will really hurt are being dragged out of the Capital.This looks like Russia
...because they were disrupting the hearing.  Tell the whole story!
No opinions allowed from the rabble!
Not taking either side but can we agree that if you are preventing any civil discourse what's the point of having the committee meeting.
These brave souls should not be arrested for voicing the opinions of millions who don't want this death bill passed!  #Resist! DO NO HARM!
Good lets just keep postponing it!
This is what happens when your colleagues say you must pass to find out what's in it! ACA failed now we now premiums sky rocket Thanx Obama
This is infuriating! Thank you for shining light on this!
I saw a man laid on floor on back then turned faced down and handcuffed. In America?? Lord help us. Shame and a scandal!
Makes perfect sense in the trump world we live in. Dear Leader will have none of that.
Repeal ACA or revoke your exemption from it.
Wow
This is SOOOOOOO upsetting! Senators and Representatives do that... they "represent" the people removing them from their presence is WRONG!
Seems more like,  people disrupting our country's business are the only ones being removed.
Crazy that a bunch of politicians who get free healthcare are in charge of deciding what's best for the rest of us & won't allow us a voice
and our president wants to talk about patriotism?  Where the hell do I live?
Hearing on tv C span 2 right now.

how about those of us who have been impacted by #obamacare? don't we count?  No one wants #obamacare  Those people are  paid protesters
I call bull on your paid protestor comment.
Bc greedy GOP trying to pass bad law to give their rich buddies tax breaks, can't handle looking the ppl they hurt in the face.

Bill Cassidy doesn't seem to be phased. 
This is a farce of a hearing! This bill must fail!
citizens in wheelchairs are being dragged out by cops
Such courage!

#AbleistOrrin is making it clear disabled lives have no value...called our protests a sideshow #ADAPTandRESIST
Those in wheelchairs ARE the true Medicaid recipients. Expansion under Obamacare is hurting millions of Americans. PASS THE BILL

What?
You mean like exclusive WH meeting you attended to saddle us with Obamacare?
As you well know Senator there are rules of conduct when attending hearings or chamber actions on the Hill.
They (Republicans) are using those tactics nationwide. Limit freedom of expression.
This will be called a distraction. Meanwhile 45 tweets threats, hate & divide to distract Americans from his compassionless & greedy agenda
Wouldn't want to look into the faces of those they want to extinguish!
Shameful
OMG.
The chanting outside is clearly audible on the CSPAN feed
Sounds bad when you put it that way...
.@TopherSpiro is live tweeting updates.
Hatch is restarting the hearing. Chants can still be heard over his voice.
Sure - why would would any republican want to listen to people that are affected by this horrible bill. They should all be ashamed.
It's making me sick seeing those people in wheelchairs being arrested
@LauraLeeLenhoff Another sad day for America under GOP congressional rule
Unbelievable!  Not acceptable!!
Of course. Why would the GOP want to hear from the people they will be killing? #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
That would insinuate that they have a conscience. They don't.
Take your phone & go record the events taking place, @MarkWarner
Thank you for stating it this way. And for all you do to stand up for Virginians and Americans. You are on the right side of history, sir!
Thank you for staying in the room and respecting their right to protest Sen Warner
F* the @SenateGOP
On MSNBC, we see USCP keeping journalists from covering what's happening in hallway of Dirksen. Hope you can go ask them "on whose orders?"
Shame shame GOP

You can see Sen. @maziehirono (D-HI) confronting Cassidy as adapt activists get arrested

Hirono, who has cancer, set to testify vs bill 
An excellent demonstration of what Democrats mean when they say "bipartisanship." Do what they say or else. @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins
@GOP are counting on us being exhausted from the daily Trump Dipshittery. Don't take the bait! Call (202) 224-3121. #NoRepeal #KeepTheACA
Are they being arrested?
Yes they are.
It is heartbreaking to watch. What we’ve become. How desperate we feel.


Wow. 
Dear God. The GOP and CHUMPCARE 
Surreal.
Wow.
Thank you for the update Sir. This is shameful.
