Ever notice that Mark has a big (D) next to his name?  Hmmm he might be a tiny bit biased.
Biased about reading Don Jrs own emails?
YES!! The non-criminal emails as opposed to the VERY incriminating Killary emails where shes sharing classified info. But lets ignore those
My sympathies to you and how upset you must be over Don Jrs damning emails today
 keep dreaming. Youre in for a let down when Obamas case comes up very soon. But then again, msm will probably still focus on this hoax
The best thing about Trump being President is that Obama and company are gone.
And he & his deepstate heads will be in court soon  The liars who claim Russia hacked to cover themselves lol
Take your blinders off. Wake up!
Emails showed alot in "black and white" that Hillary sold this country down the river and actually colluded with Russia and crickets from u
"I love leaks! Russia, if you're listening, leak those emails!  No-o-o.... NOT Junior's emails!!!!"
And how can he be on a Sen Intel Comm investigating Trump, while trying to overthrow him 24/7? That's insane.
Democrats going in to Bat Shit Crazy Mode!
When you start to melt
It was being done on Obama's term in office. Blame him. He was out campaigning for Hilary. All Russia did was leak the truth. Truth hurts.
Why does Trump jr need to take a meeting with a low lever Russian attorney if Trump Sr was already in full collusion with Putin?
Trump should be impeached, deported  AND his title as the 45th President removed from all publications. He must never claim to be our POTUS.
Hey Mark. Has it never occured to you that Killary didnt lose bc of Russia? You established DC guys are so out of touch. Why arent u inv HER
And that the Trump campaign was more than willing to collude to get that help.
Americans r sick of u & the RUSSIA LIES! Healthcare, taxes ! Get your pathetic "dossier" buying ASS to work at the job voters want done !!
Not exactly
The Nation is fortunate to have Mark Warner's fair and balanced leadership.
About that umm:.
Sooooo, what ae you goin to do about it??
Hillary did credits herself and that they women are very seriously in trouble in these cases
Could you repeat that in English? Are you a tRump U grad by any chance?
classic mark warner.  Chasing rabbits for @chuckschumer and ignoring what is important to his constituents
Treason committed by the president's son is not important? Russia attacked America, not just one party. Wake up and smell the tRumpcrap!
Nothing ambiguous about "I love it!" tRump Junior jumped into treason w/ his eyes wide open and his dirty soul ready to sell out his country
So what does AG Lynch special visa for RUSKY show you Mr. flim-flam.
Wish it helped, but Hillary did it on her own.
Since you're so concerned with emails, let's reopen the investigation into Killary's email scandal, she actually destroyed evidence! CRIME!
& what about Hillary’s messing w/Russia? Reminder!! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump is President! Not Hillary!  Get over it!!
What? Dnc got hacked... how's that possible. LMAO
So this publicist was a Russian govt official? Really ?
This man is a disgusting seditionist. He belongs in prison.
Agent Smith of the Matrix split into 62 million Russian chicks to make Americans vote for Trump at the polls. Film at 11.
I can deny it.  Did you see Trump Jr on Hannity tonight.  Making you look like a fool.
Did it work? No
Don't think you can prove Russian gov't was involved- start telling the truth- you have zero credibility
Methinks you sound too prejudicial to be on ANY Intel committee. What a WITCH HUNT! Luckily WE the PEOPLE are too smart for the lying left!
Collusion, Co-ordination, and Conspiracy, look like these Trump/Kushner/Manafort and Russian clandestine meetings, which they all forgot.
And Donald Trump Jr. verified everything Warner said.
Except, you know, the emails don't prove the meeting was "part of the Russian government effort to help Trump". Why lie Sen Warner?
If Hillary Clinton was president would you be doing the same thing? #CrookedHillary
It would depend on job she was doing in White House! So far Trump and GOP have failed the American People.
Yes. So now what are you going to do

Why does Jared Kushner still have a top-secret clearance? Why is Jared Kushner still in the White House? Why is Jared Kushner not in prison?
Who Colluded w/ Vladimir Putin in his own Words??
@MarkWarner ignored Comey leaking classified info. Hillary pay for play and Lynch meeting Clinton which are proven crimes. #Hypocrite
Bullshit.
What about Hillary's collution with Ukrainians?
Impeach the man & his group. This is criminal!!!!
@MarkWarner IS A DISGRACEFUL HACK! Name 1 crime!
Looks as if Warner still has something to do.  This adds to his list of Senate accomplishments which currently stands at zero.
Aren't you tired of being a purveyor of complete bull?
Blah Blah Blah
Thank you for standing out!
My senators rock

We are so thankful to Senator Warner for his diligence, perseverance & just general great support for Virginia & U.S. interests!
Collusion plain and simple. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure this out.
What?!? The email was from a UK Music Producer for the love of Pete! Where is the "proof" that his "claims" were even accurate? #FakeNews
Trumpsters are hilarious! They think anything negative is Fake News. Sorry not Fake News. The only "fake" thing was the election.
Turley is a Democrat...
Ok. So. That's one person's opinion who isn't involved in any investigations. We'll know soon enough if any crimes have been committed.
False outrage by the Left. They just can't explain their loss, so it has to be the Russians fault. Hillary delt with them all the time.
Does this not suggest that meetings with Sessions and Kislyak, for instance, almost surely were about similar topics?
You can't spell traitor without Trump!
And the USA has NEVER tried to influence another country's election !
Not that I'm aware of. If so please share!
How many people got high ranking jobs with our government through the pay for play foundation of treason Hillary?
HILARIOUS ! So glad I am on THE TRUMP TRAIN !
Trump Gravy Train! How nice for you and disasterous for The Majority. Health care, jobs going away, is No Joy for many of us!
What about Treasonous Hillary uranium deal?
Pay for play foundation, treasonous Hillary is why we have the China trade law, is why we have the Iran deal, is why failure 44 went to Cuba
Also most of euro Americans who fear diversity, blacks and others of color moving in next door, down the street. But you're not racist.
can u only imagine if the Fake News and Failed Dimms put this much energy into Crooked Hillary and the Failure in Obama ?
Trump had long been turned.
This man is very stupid. What's clear is treasonous Hillary got away with deleted 30,000 emails.No one question close ties with China.
Of course. But I blame news media partially because they gave Trump so much free press he barely had to buy political ads.
If Bill didn't have sexual relations with @MonicaLewinsky , then I'll be damned if someone from Russia counts as the Russian Government
Bless your heart Frank. Errr comrade.
WHAT ABOUT THE OTHER 33,000 EMAILS? MORE EMAILS NEED TO BE RELEASED AND NOT DELETED. WERE TALKING ABOUT HILLARY RIGHT?

The piss is really hitting the fan for the Orange man. He can't lie his way out of this mess.
