That's  why it was duch a good move for the DONALD to put them on notice about monies owed the USA - DO IT TOGETHER.
All leftie liberals appealing to you Lindsay, why would that be? Clue, you are a RHINO at best. Support your Prez, as you did disaster Obama
You should remind your Pres about this.    He treats our allies very badly!
And let's honor them with our loyalty and respect, not like DJT.  His coarse behavior, transactional policy proposals undermine our alliance
And when they read about the second Nazi uprising your name will be in the trial history. #Nuremberg
YOUR PRESIDENT DOESN'T he has managed to alienate each and every ally we have and embrace every AUTHORITARIAN. #impeachment
But now Trump won't say he supports article 5 of NATO
Why are you supporting a President who is destroying our relations with these Allies?
Get a grip
Trump would have done it cheaper, better as he knows more that the generals
Senator Graham, HELP our country is being taken over by a lunatic
And we now have a leader whose angry words and hateful language alienate our allies at every turn. Deeply troubling...
God help us if we have to do it again. This country is full of sissy's and politicians like graham who is mccains girlfriend!
"Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether that nation or any nation so conceived and so dedicated can long endure."
we, except the #potus who is too busy insulting the Mayor of London and taking credit for the Qatar brouhaha forgetting all our troops there
SPOT ON !!!
Hope we still stand behind that victory today. No room for persecution based on religion
It was an allied effort.  Don't let those alliances be destroyed by 1 man's ego and ignorance.
Different Time Lindsey. Different Time. Look out your window....Socialism in on the shores bro.
Basically all of the countries the Trump admin has offended & alienated. For God's sake, your party is allowing our country to be hurt-badly
Makes it even sadder that they all hate us now.  #resist #realDonaldTrump
But wgen the fog vlears, they will understand we WILL DO WHAT WE SAY WE'LL - NIT OBAMA ADMINISTRATION
You spell as well as your fearless leader @realDonaldTrump #wrongsideofhistory
Trump demanding personal loyalty from the FBI is something Putin does with his intelligence services. It's unconstitutional.
Why not form North Atlantic Treaty Organization so we can Defend each other. Why not see @GOP follow @JoeNBC advice to STAND UP for Country
I find it strange that mark traitor warner is retweeting Lindsey Graham what do you have to do with this traitor Lins?
Spoken by someone who has continually shown allegiance to party over country. Sad. Never thought I'd put you in same camp with Trump. Sad.
Who said I was happy that Nazi Germany lost-Donald J Trump
Yes wasn't it great to have allies.
we should honor all those who helped defeat the Nazis.
We also remember UK, Canada other nations to truly defeat Comrade Nazi Trump
And the GOP sits back and attempts to normalize the crazy behaviors coming out of the White House.
It will all come out Sen Graham by leaders or leakers, choose wisely sir
Lately I don't agree with u on anything Sen. Graham. But I will retweet this post. PS: pick a side soon. Where u stand now isn't becoming.
Then why do you stand by idly while POTUS insults our allies after a terrorist attack?
Blah blah
Sen still a fight in some places in America
You, your minority president and moronic congressional colleagues have alienated our allies in mere months - dishonoring greatest generation
And we will remember how you handle the President and the Comey hearings. The World will remember to.
can't wait to see you UNEMPLOYED.
Thought u were going to be 1 of 2 @GOP members to save the world. Turns out ur a joke Lindsey. A CORRUPT @SenateGOP joke just like ur @potus
Lindsay goes back and forth. Need action not empty words from him
Yet you stand by letting trump basically do the same thing
Yet u do nothing while 45 betrays those same allies & defends Putin. How do you think you'll be remembered in the future for this disgrace?
So when are you going to address the White Supremacy problem here in the U.S.A? Our nation is being attacked, this is what we fought against
LINDSEY, U TALK A GOOD GAME, BUT U LET TRUMP GET AWAY WITH EMOLUMENTS VIOLATIONS, OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE! GO AWAY!
To truly honor them, you should get serious about the Nazis in America and their traitorous idols in the white house.
Make these soldiers proud. Defend our country diligently against all enemies, foreign and domestic.
The men and women were great but it took the US over 2 years to get involved and you had to be attacked by the Japanese.
well with trump insulting every one of our allies and gop letting him act like a maniac bully...we will uniting w russia
You mean way back in the olden days when politicians put their country before their party?
Trump says America ONLY!!!!  
Just curious, why are you doing everything in your power to become them?
But TRIMP DOES NOT CARE  NEVER SERVED
And the Nazis gained power when the US after WW1 tried isolationism. Does that sound familiar?History will repeat itself.NATO a must!
Thank you Mr. Graham for acknowledging and the other countries in the allied expeditionary force. 
Blah, blah...

Graham will ALWAYS Support Trump:
 Praising Dictators who MURDER & RAPE Citizens

Can't wash it off
No matter what you say.
No matter what you do.
You'll always have the stink of Russia on You.
#TrumpRussia 
All the brothers in arms that YOUR PRESIDENT is PISSING ON!
Better send a tweet to Agent Orange and give him a reminder who our Allies actually are.
You forgot Serbians more Serbs only small country fighting Nazi and US pilots saved by SXerbs vouch for them
And a united effort to stand against the expansionist Soviet block lead by Russia. It would be foolish to think Russia has changed.
What a shame we are destroying those alliances as we speak.
Wow "let Obama care collapse" what a lovely human
Grow a pair Lindsey!  Speak up!  You know he's crazy!
My Uncle was a veteran of D-Day, 110th AAA battalion, Dog green sector Omaha beach. You're a disgrace to his memory.
Feigned outrage, you're such a phoney Senator Graham, but I read that in you long ago. What a disappointment you are.
Yet @POTUS  refuses to support Article 5. Thanks for calling him out on that!
Why can't you say Soviet Union? Regardless of current relations, they lost tens of millions incl. millions of civilians.
Who came from all walks of life - many (if not most) from low &middle-income families, who also deserve timely access to quality #healthcare
Give Trump a call and see if he can tweet at least a sentence about D day
Of course today US politicians would abandon Europe.
Yet you have no problem with spitting in the faces of our allies now. Thank God we were there to defeat the Nazis. Who will defeat Trump?
Thanks for tweeting what our president is incapable of tweeting today. Some leader in America had to recognize sacrifices were made for us.
Do you also remember the idiot you helped install in the WH who is going to start WWIII and get us all killed.  ON YOUR HEAD @GOP #Complicit
It was an allied effort & it was due 2 leadership. Something that is lacking in GOP as u continue 2 back this POTUS &his reckless behavior.
Why can't you get your party to remember who are friends are? They seem hellbent on bending over for Trump/Putin.
How about condemning the ahole in THE WH, don't do his job.  U r all going down
Please, impeach Trump before he starts World War III...
You a president that has managed to alienate all of our allies making us less safe. Unforgettable
So lets make sure we dont let a fascist dictator take over our country.Especially one that seems to be struggling with alzheimers. Do ur job
We need our allies. Can you please advise @POTUS to stop ticking them off and insulting them?
Ahh remember when we had allies?
And how many of those allies has 45 insulted since January? UK, Canada, Australia and France. He's doing such a fine job of diplomacy
Thank you Senator Graham from Canada
That won't happen again! We have a con man in the Whitehouse and Fascists running the house and Senate. Other than that I think we're OK!
An allied effort worldwide is needed to defeat this common enemy.America needs to lead as it did then, for freedom"s sake.
We used to be a world leader. Now we are a joke
Russian intelligence agents hacked a U.S. voting systems. Trump is not our president, he need to step down NOW, Trump is a Traitor to U.S.
thank you for remembering.  Appreciate these posts.
In WWII we had a truly presidential man in office. He was responsible for many of the things donnie wants to destroy. UK doesn't want him.
You might wanna remind the fool President about DDay. He seems preoccupied with himself as usual.
73 yrs ago they bravely fought WITH allies to topple a populist dictator. The irony!! Yet, Trump @GOP put party b4 country
I hope we remember our Allies. And that the relationship continues to be treasured.
And yet you still defend the brainless clown in the WH
Then why is your leader BIGLY CHEETO abandoning NATO?
Country before Party
And that alliance is now damaged because of GOP enabling the inept Trump.
OH!. You mean this day commemorates something besides one's own narcissism? Thanks you Senator. Trump is a disgrace. Please pull the plug!
SO damn irritated by DJT & Jr spending morning complaining that mean old MSM is picking on them while ignoring the sacrifices of160,000+ men
Could you maybe nudge the Donald that its unusual to be freaking out on Twitter when he should be echoing your remembrance?
And now , you are allowing a man more dangerous than Hitler to undo what every life lost was fighting for!Traitor! Shut up +stand up for USA
Sir your words here R honorable but remaining quiet as Trump attacks London's mayor is dishonorable. As a Sr Rep speak out
you are about the only one I still trust! Please don't let me down.
Get ready for a big let down. Lindsey is interested in leakers only.
Obama leakers, who may have put a tapp on Trump's phone.  Everything else is fake news!
You poor thing.
Also let us thank Stalin. 
I wonder what kind of allied effort it will take to fix what DT has done to our country in just a few months.
What are you doing to defeat the resurgence of Nazis here and abroad ? NOTHING......
When patriotism/pride of country/loyalty to allies overruled personal considerations. What happened, GOP?
All Allies YOUR President has alienated. What a @GOP legacy. 2017 the year America killed its friendships overseas. Except w/totalitarians.
We need somebody to remember our allies! Wth are y'all gonna do about this mess
Mr Graham how's that FBI investigation fairing? America would like all traitors and terrorists removed ASAP
And now we're allied with Russia against Germany again. This reboot sucks.
potential true colors are shining true here.
Do you mean this what you tweet here?! Because when you try to falsely frame Mr. Comey's honorable testimony as an alleged "hit job" then ur
then, we had some of the strongest leadership in American history. Today, we have you bums.
Today I am trying to get our allies in BC and Alberta to deal with a criminal element in Charleston your USAO won't do squat about.
God bless your efforts
You sit back and watch Trump stab our allies in the back!
Ever wonder who will ally to defeat Trump and Putin? Ever imagine Russia would be our top ally? You own this Lindsey.
I can't believe the idiot put that out.
tell trump. The world hates him.
Up next, defeating Trumpism
