Can we have an update on this urgent investigation?  Hearing schedules, prelim witness lists, summary of work being done & record gathering
… or seeming direct…both + committee please be true to you comittment to us the people… now go git some!  :)
stuck observing a shit storm w no recourse faith or trust+ many of us feel powerless against current we cant choose
Unlike Nunes on the HPSCI, you must attack this with a seriousness of purpose and dedication to truth over politics
you both did a professional job + maintained approachability + spoke some hope into a frustrating issue ppl feel…
2/bc EVIDENCE SHOWS that is what happened. Oleg Deripaska bote #Manafort. #Trump was perfect front man. kelptocracy
I saw it, you were pathetic.
Very serious! Can you also investigate this?The article will help you find the #Democrat #RussianHackers https://www.worldnewspolitics.com/2017/03/04/pakistani-suspects-arrested-muslim-spy-ring-discovered-getting-massive-payments-democrats/ …
Citizens  very anxious for facts,been waiting for real answers.Fearful POTUS making decisions on our behalf corrupt
Are you a crooked liar too? I'm saying yes. #Shameful @SenatorBurr
BREAKING New Huma Abedin Emails Reveal Clinton Emailing Classified Info & Talk of Special Favors for Clinton Donors http://jwatch.us/mJANeK 
counting on your team to make up for the national embarrassment that is @DevinNunes
irrelevant premise- not about partisanship. It's about acting with integrity in spite of bias.
Thank you both!! You have restored my faith!!
thanks so much for this today. I'm happy to know you guys are on the job!
thank you for integrity!
3/We will ALL win in the end if SSIC stays course, remains bipartisan, stays HONEST
shut up. We have mare things to do than you having a podding contest on this Russian crap
Why on Earth will you not investigate current Russian corruption of the Trump administration?  Your job. Not press.
did those bots you spoke about help face plant Hillary at the 9-11 Memorial
@realDonaldTrump If Warner is right, let us all celebrate that Russia sure knows how to pick a winner!
I'm terrified there is an absence of objectivity, partisanship & r COUNTRY will be sold to the highest bidder.
Thank you, Sir. I so appreciate your and Sen. Burr's patriotic efforts recRussia's attack on our democracy.
Sen Burr NC #RedState #illegalVotingLaws suppressed democrat votes: #TRUST 2 investigate #REPUBLICAN #CORRUPTION? #HUGERISK 4 US
I saw you sucking up. You going to investigate Trump? Or not?
Disappointed you r not investigating possible Trump Russian connection Makes committee obsolete to
citizens who car
ironically heard Sen Warner impugn twitter & Facebook. Did you mean Russians manipulate social media?
A Russian investment bank, paid Bill Clinton $500,000 to deliver a speech. Go get'em guys.
Russia? A car ran through ur yard. Blame it on Russia. Hillary lost! As she should have.
shows you how two professionals can handle a tough situation. We need more politicians like them. Seek the truth
Thank you 4 ur bipartisanship. Ur Americans' last hope 4 getting 2 the truth bout the covert activities of this WH.
Per WH leakers the lies like Obama wire tapping an other distractions continue, and probably be worse.
SO grateful for your direct answers, investigation, immediacy, & follow all leads to definite conclusion TY!
Good job today my friend! Thank u  Don't let us down.
The ONLY one that colluded with the Russians is John Podesta. He is NOT stupid enough to click on a phishing link!
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Sen Warner & Sen Bur !!!!!!!!!!!!
If you are doing a BI PARTISAN presser on Russia investigation why bring up Trump's tax returns, not part of issue!
BIGLY THANKS to both of you!  We're counting on you as the House has illegitimized their investigation.
does Trump really use russian salad dressing?  Sad!!!
Thank you, thank you so much for looking for the truth!!!
Thank you, Senators!
if the evidence is real about meddling with Russia then the evidence is real abut Hillary and Obama drain the swamp
@datagoodies @SenatorBurr use periscope and Instagram as well. You will reach more audience if you use more live media.
stop with the lies..Hillary Clinton needs to be investigated. Russian ties for sure.
Thx for your integrity.The cost of failure too high.Do you job and do it right. We are watching and won't be quiet.
I wouldn't have publicized this if I were you.  You look like a partisan hack.  Not too bright.

Once again, Republicans in Congress are aiding&abetting Trump hide any conflicts, voted NO yesterday
THANK YOU SO MUCH, WE THE PEOPLE DESERVE THE TRUTH. LIKE SEN. BURR SAID. FACTS FACTS ARE GREAT!
Thanks you SO SO SO MUCH FOR INVESTIGATION!
Please oppose the confirmation and cloture of Gorsuch.

1. Sherri Dillon of Trump's law firm Morgan Lewis forgot to mention Trump + her firm were hit with $1B fraud lawsuit by Holocaust survivors 
u need to whip all of our corrupted reps like @RepMGriffith and @BobGoodlatte6 into shape, since they sold us out!
could you please make this available on Twitter through periscope?
@alexzfinley @SenatorBurr We have a Russian dupe with mob ties for president, please save the Republic.  The evidence is real
Thank you for your hard work. Please keep it up--Trump and his cronies are destroying our country.
Thank you.
Why aren't you on a plane to interview Steele yet. We want to hear Yates. What are you waiting for?

thanks so muchpls. Don't give up. I'll be watching 
Thank you for all your hard work. Glad there is bipartisanship here & will find & follow facts.
will you be investigation John and Tony Podesta and Hillary Clinton?
did they conspire with the Russians for Trump to win too?
did your mother drop you on your head?
lol do you have any constructive arguments or just insults?
