Warner hasn't spent 1 min working w/GOP doesn't know what's in ACHA. Hasn't informed constituents. Warner busy counting his $257M net worth
How's he supposed to know when the GOP won't let Dems see the bills? Cutting Medicare, increasing penalties for not carrying insurance.
Both untrue statements. No penalty (penalty w/ Obamacare) for not carrying insurance. Stop watching CNN. Trump has invited Dems on MSM 3x
Please provide a link to where Trump went on MSM, guess that means FoxNews, and invited them.
I've posted 5 links. You have nothing but your mouth. If you haven't seen coverage DEMS debunking & CNN fake, you're just not very bright
You've posted 1 link....
Did you post a link proving your point? I've posted 6...1 to you directly. You want to argue, find the other 5 in my timeline or get lost
If they don't, you'll be getting many new colleagues. We've had enough and we're not taking anymore of their BS.
can't understand why both parties can't work together to fix the health care problem. Seems like gridlock is the norm!
I hope your office can count tweets because sometimes my call can't get through. @GOP = #cruel. #VoteNo #trumpCare
GOP  NOT ANSWER.PHONES JUST LIKE THEY HID AWAY TO KILL OUR HEALTH  CARE BILL FOR OUR LOVE ONES  VOTE OUT
I'm in pain everyday and I go to work just for insurance coverage.I feel that my job is in jeopardy everyday.  But I can't get on disability
The system is broken and requires fixing. My premiums doubled so I left the system going for a Christian cost sharing program.
1 more dissent for #Trumpcare. ACA could be tweak'd not outright repeal. What about changing the tax structure to use Medicaid as a 1 payor?
And you want this and everyone complains about the $21 T deficit? Can't fix both!
No we can't. But we could try 4 tax reform vs refunds that can take us into the direction of decreasing $21 def-we all need to pay for it
We will all pay for yhe deficit eventually if Dems have their way. Especially our kids and grand kids! They don't want yo address any cost!
How many were in favor, or are you just not taking those Virginians seriously?
So what are YOU gonna do for people like me. Keep me working to pay for other people's ins???....

.
Thank you for opposing this horrible repeal of Obamacare and the destruction of our health care system!
Thanks for taking my call, @MarkWarner.  Your office staff is polite and calm and it is nice to know we have a team in DC that cares.
Where was all the care when Dems devised the current faulty plan? If nothing gets passed hold on to your butt! Insurance cos will control!
ALL DEMS PRINT OUT. TAKE TO ROSE GARDEN , DUMP ALL ON GRASS. HAVE NEWS THERE,LET PEOPLE 24  HRS SKYPE IN, LIKE OPRAH DOES ?!  DO
My husband has prostate cancer. In signing this bill the President will be signing death certificates.
#repealobamacare #nogovernmenthealthcare #nosocialism #limitedgovernment repeal repeal #aca killed my sister repeal and no replace
Could you stop by Rubio's office and tell them to answer their phones-
And this is a DEMOCRAT. KEEP calling & writing
It's a shame Democrats keep calling and writing with false information and fake news as their source of information. Dems are lying to you!
Bot block
Not paying for abortion clinics.
Great interview on #CNN. It's Republicans like you who will rebuild our party after the #trumpocolyspe. Keep up the good fight!
WAKE UP EVERYONE!,if you think the republicans care They Don't , they know exactly what they are doing!, The can't be SHAMED
I doubt it as @GOP stopped caring about voters eons ago
Dems didn't listen!!!
Thank you for opposing #AHCA but please do EVERYTHING in your power to stop the #Deathcare my life and millions more, depends on the #ACA
I would like to know if any of them apologized to #Heller ?
He stuck to his morals & they scewered him for it
How very #republican of them
A far cry from 330 million senator
Thank you
#repealobamacare #nogovernmenthealthcare #nosocialism #limitedgovernment repeal repeal
Sir - could you introduce a bill that requires all public officials to publish a weekly count of correspondence rc'vd for/against any issue?
Get to work in the streets:
#OpiumakaOpioid: Reached our shores @ & epidemic level. Becoming the choice of drug for most Caucasian brothers & sisters. Care is health! 
Only because of the lies spread by Dems and MSM! No one has been honest and willing to work on bi-partisan solution! Sad!
I worked for 40 goddamn yrs.till i fell ill.Ive paid in and DEMAND MY HEALTHCARE!! F$ck trump and his weasely minions!WE ARE AMERICA STRONG!
last week the bill was barely out did you truthfully educate them on it or direct them to where they can read it for themselves?
What do the the other 8+million in your State think?

Do you care?
My 88-year old mom was one!
What is it with liberals that you think government should provide jobs Healthcare Etc for the people? It wasn't created for that
How many did u get from ppl opposing Obamacare in 2009-10?..but u went ahead & voted 4 it anyways & still defend it. Can't u say both r bad?
My senators are counting the extra chickens their friend and family get if 200,000 Arkansas die.
Probably from the same 10 people- you're a fraud pushing fearful progressive propaganda
Thank you for continuing to fight. 
Thank you for the fight Senator Warner!
That's 6,000 stupid constituents who don't yet know that Obamacare was designed to fail! Warner is pandering to their stupidity.
Please be aware of plight of Americans abroad who can't return to US because of healthcare!
Bullshit!! Your voter based can't even read
They haven't since Obama took office in 2008. I don't expect them to start now.
They won't, or only like 1% will, the rest are mindless puppets.
How many asked you to vote for it?   Knowing most conservatives don't bother interacting with you.
Trump should let it die the death it will certainly take.  Will you all still be shouting keep Obamacare when no undue to cover u?
What are you doing to help those of us who lost coverage because of Obamacare? Got my plan cancelation letter last week, third year in a row
Great answering system!! Thank you for letting me leave a message expressing my opinion on the new healthcare bill. #VoteNoBCRA
Thank you for listening to your constituents Senator! Now slow all Senate business to a crawl...
Your feed is infested with trolls, sir. Ignore them and carry on. TY for standing strong against this GOP disaster!
Shoot down AHCA and let ACA die. Best of both worlds.
If you wil make the utility Law and settle with BH dollars I will donate to the New American Healthcare Drive Fund.
Who is immediately affected by the changes ?
They aren't listening.  Im trying to understand what's driving these ppl so my rage doesn't turn to hatred. I'm reading and praying more
Do you count the ones that are for it or against Obamacare?
Anthem also owes me a hang upside down chair .  No mor normal exercise is allowable.
Anthem owes me an elevtor, a lap pool and a total gym or nothing gets close  or stays in a useable condition at all after 3wkoutage collapse
It is a terrible bill that will hurt so many
Forget #Trumpcare Call it what it is and make them own it: #GOPcare
You gave us Obamacare thanks for nothing
ROFL, give it up, you're irrelevant!
Please don't let this bill pass!! It would devastate American. Medical save it!
I didn't hear anything. La la la la la la la!
And how many of those are real people?  Dem Bots?
Tell me, schmuck, how many calls and e-mails did you get before you rammed Obamacare down our throats?  You didn't give a damn about those.
This entire exercise is exhausting.
Mark what are you doing to keep Aetna in Virginia? They lost $100 mil in '14, $130 mil in '15 & then 450 mil in '16. How concerned are you?
Yeah well maybe they were told to call: do they even know what's in it? Doubt it
As you probably have seen in your investigations they are mostly compromised with dark Koch money and far right evangelical fanaticism
That is the problem Senator they AREN'T listening to the people, they do what they want with no consequences WHAT IS WRONG WITH THEM?
Sen. Warner, get over it Obamacare is DOA. There is no fix. It must be repealed and replaced
My senators @BenSasse & @SenatorFischer won't release that kind of information to their own constituents. Shameful.
He didn't bother to note how many want him to vote for it.  Very telling.
Hope is not the solution.
Good luck with that if they do start working on universal because they will all be gone come next elections. WHAT A BUNCH OF LIARS
It's good to know you are counting the letters/faxes. I choose the fax option as I know you are busy but also need to know my opinion
Thanks
Tell me one good reason why they  refuse to fix aca
I oppose the trump care bill.
I called and wrote. Thank you for standing up for Americans!!! No tax cuts for the wealthy as people are throw off health care!!! Heartless
Since these are Democrats, who did they find to read the bill to them? I'm guessing they didn't read one word of it. BRAINWASHED
What about your intelligence friend @SenatorBurr
Mark, please support HC Bill. Reduce benefits for freeloaders and help our economy rebound from obama.
The Americans you call freeloaders are working full-time w/no insurance from employers. Look at facts.
I'm talking about those with so called disabilities, illegal immigrants, and those who choose to live off govt cheese.
Me too
Whoopty doo! Now here's on saying repeal Obamacare  and any gov. run healthcare we don't need the gov. Screwing around in health
They must be the ones who can still afford Obamacare...
The GOP seems hell bent on doing what ever Trump wants at the expense of the American people. The american people are terrified.
Every day I'm thankful that you are one of my senators. You and Tim Kaine make me proud to be a Virginian.
I hope your @GOP colleagues, esp. @JeffFlake and @SenJohnMcCain release their numbers and LISTEN to AZ voters! #VoteNoAHCA
They won't listen because they don't care what regular voters want. They only want to satisfy their big money donors
"I hope my GOP colleagues listen." I wouldn't bet my life on that.
Thanks for fighting for us but Republicans do not seem to care about whether people want this or not.  Just saying.
Kind of a small percentage of the illegals, felons, and dead who back you, isn't it?
GET HELP, YOUR IGNORANCE IS NOT BECOMMING!
"Becoming."
I love you fruit caked, YOU ALWAYS CHECK AUTO CORRECT FOR ME, BUT YOU CAN'T DEFEND YOUR COMMENTS!  TYPICAL REPUB.  I MENT TO SPELL " REPUB :
Take your time and you won't have to worry about auto correct.
THERE IS SO MUCH TO SAY TO THOSE WHO VOTES FOR TRUMP AND SO LITTLE TIME.  AMERICA HANGE IN THE BALANCE!
These are your people, Mark.
And you are opposed to it-imagine how many calls and letters republican senators are getting.
any in favor?
It's a shame that so many uneducated Trump supporters done comprehend, we need to use small words & budget numbers under 5 to educate
Reaching out to a member of the Senate to tell them to do something they'll do anyways is BS.
I think they and this sham @USSupremeCourt are working on a more odious plan.
Wow in a country of over 300 million people you got a few thousand calls and letters? Talk about voter participation!
I hope so too!  Thx for fighting!!!!
@SenateGOP  Mr. Warner, your so-called colleagues have no heart or ears in which to listen. Only pockets full of healthcare co. pay-offs
You didn't when it was ACA. Pass and then see what's in it. Hypocrite
We have a lot of experience with you democratic not being able to count!!  We don't believe you at all.
PLEASE GET HELP FOR YOUR FOX ADDICTION. YOUR IGNORANCE IS NOT BECOMMING!
Obama care was going to Dave us $??
Thank you for continuing to oppose this travesty of a bill, Senator.
Some Republican legislators aren't even answering their phones. They won't 'hear' the objections that way
EOULD YOU! GOOD COMMENT.
#AmericaSpeaksOut? America spoke out in Nov when 62,984,825 people in 31 states voted to #RepealObamacare. 
#Trumpcare restores healthcare.
Quit throwing the bs.
PLEASE GET HELP FOR YOUR FOX ADDICTION. YOUR EMBERRICING YOUR SALF!
How many for it?
Wow that robot really wasting Koch money. Birthcertfact say mailed to the volcano  of Mexico  ©™®
Thank you for sharing these numbers and doing all you can to #ProtectOurCare!
make them listen, if they can change rules, why can't you guys do the same.
Amen!
Unfortunately we VA residents have virtually no influence on the representatives of other states. Republics. *sigh*
Hopefully we (who live in these other states) do have influence. And if not, these representatives will be replaced in the next election!
I hope you're right, but that's all it is - hope.
Please tell @senorrinhatch I opposed his healthcare bill.  Please tell @SenMikeLee to vote NO - They dont listen to us
#AmericaSpeaksOut Absolutely opposed as House and Senate bills are proposed. TY 4 sticking up for us!
I notice you don't mention how many you received "for"...or supporting that you should stop interrupting free markets.
They won't. 

Most of the @GOP are only concerned for their major donors getting a return on their "investment".
Virginia has a population of 8.4 M. #AmericaSpeaksOut
Yea and the capitol of Virginia is Richmond, so support the HC Bill.
Kill the Evil Bill!
I was one of them, and I appreciate the willingness of your staffers to listen & be cordial as much as your position in this nightmare bill.
Just pass the bill for now! You can do more to fix HC OUTSIDE OF RECONCILIATION and you know it. GET THIS DONE!
Sorry, that is patently and historically proven to be wrong, given the GOP majority across the board and their radical mindset!
The reconciliation rule allows tax,spend,and debt limit adjustments.The Byrd Rule prev. bills that incl language "extraneous" to the budget
That 'handcuffs' the senate to specific areas of O'Care that they can address! It we get it out of reconciliation, we can do more!
