Jared Kushner "conveniently forgot" to properly file his contacts with foreign officials." -Senator Mark Warner.
Senator, please never say "benefit of the doubt" again. These bastards worked with Russia to tip our elections and emailed about it.
At least the emails were shown unlike Hilary! bleach bitting and smashing computers and cell phones with hammers!
Hillary Clinton didn't meet with the Russians to ask them to hack computers and meet with them to gain info on her opponent.
I do t k ow that a tone else did that either, do you? But she did have an unprotected mail server in her house. Russia probably got that too
@SenatorBurr @MarkWarner THIS MEETING & SO CALLED QUESTIONING OF KUSHNER IN SECRET,NO OATH & BY SEN INTEL STAFF IS A FRAUD & JOKE!!!
3 times he omitted meetings from the SF 86, which requires completeness. 3 times purposefully omitted mtgs. 3 times he violated 18 USC 1001.
3 times he made false statements, with each being a charge punishable by up to 5 years in prison. He, and Trump, think they're above the law
Anyone else would have been fired. And prosecuted.
I'm so proud to have worked grass roots 4 I over the years that it makes me sad I had to leave VA and move to IN.
You were part of the setup. You can't  hide behind this fake narrative forever.
Zero evidence to backup this claim right? Nothing whatsoever to prove this at all? Ok...
I  need no proof of Warner's ties to the Deep State of Corruption. Just like the Democrats need no proof to claim Trump-Russia collusion.
Proof? They've backtracked, changed stories and not reported meetings how many times now? Once is a coincidence. Let's let Mueller decide.
@SenatorBurr Do u care about getting 2 truth of Trump/Russia?? is this all show? Our country & freedom is in danger & u r dragging ur feet.
Clinton DESTROYED EVIDENCE & OBSTRUCTED JUSTICE! Put UR career & integrity on the line by decrying Jared before ADDRESSING her crimes
Ppl are waiting up to 2 yrs to get clearance. Kush's having clearance is beyond ridiculous; a natl security issue; a mockery of the system
NO this is not retroactive. Trump said he had, "the best people" this is not oopsy. This is a federal crime.
Were you as incensed when Democrat Clinton deleted 30,000 emails, lied to he FBI or over Lynch's meeting with Bill? Partisan hypocrite.
Was that kind of like a private email server in the Clinton home? Whoops! Just the former SOS, no biggie. I must have missed your outrage?
#TrumpCheated
and >100 additions...WOW...I wouldn't let him have keys to my car, much less the WH!
Thanks, Senator We thought nobody was counting  #Jared's top security clearance should be revoked. #RussianMeddling  #RussiaInvestigation
I have yet to hear anyone ask the question: What was going on that he had to meet with 100 foreign officials? Is that not concerning?
"Jared ... you're fired."
Mark why hasn't the Dems & Repb done something about his security Clarence? The longer he has it the more damage he can do along with TR'S??
Democrats have guts&put pressure 2 get this crooked guy's security clearance revoked!If this was Clintons,Rep would have 5 committees set up
Security clearance should be suspended- anyone else would have theirs denied after amending three times!!!
Three times, so far.
Pull Kushner's security clearance now! How much more do we need! I'm losing faith in leaders to act on these obvious Russian connections.
We know how compromised gov is when this evidence is swept under the table
When is enough, enough?  How much leeway is this family going to get?  The fact that this FAMILY is actively working in the WH is an outrage
Hiring Andy pettite to help mis-remember them
I do believe it's time that Security Clearance for Mr Kushner be revoked
How's that saying go? Fool me once...
Mark Warner "conveniently forgot" to report the 12 million dollar RUSSIAN deal he was involved with!!!! Where's the investigation on that???
This is very sad, if I had done this I would be in jail
So petty! After all Hillary bleached  bit all her Emails so the American people can't know the truth! You democrats are pathetic! Retire!
Stolen valor
That's because he works hard unlike you. Just a #witchunt of #FakeNews on @realDonaldTrump
Right. So did Ivanka. Doesn't fly.
When I was a govt contractor had to report all foreign national contacts under Export Compliance
Trump & FAM.  USA or RUSSIA.  If not go live
in Russia.  Not trump show. UNITED STATES 
OF AMERICA.  Take Russian money with. 
Just  STOP!
Warner, u need to think about your closet before opening ur mouth and inserting foot.  People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones, right
But I am slowly losing confidence that you and the Dems can resolve this issue.
And so? How many times did you try bribing a State Legislature by offering their children Federal Judgeships,  let's go to the FBI files
Soon nepotism will have a synonym as "trumptism". If it was up to trump he shall give seniority clearance to everyone in trump tower.
He needs to lose his clearance and be kicked out of the White House along with his father-in-law.
not true your a hater and a liar.We have heard more lies from you in 6 months then in your life time
Jared should be fired!
Get some rest. We're going to need you to run for President. #warner2020
Don't be a hypocrite mark.  same should apply to dnc ppl meeting w Ukraine govt officials for same purpose
This is one of posts about ethics, isn't it?  I think you're right on.
Thank you for your leadership, Senator.
You are like the ants in my house .. searching for a crumb .. time  to be squashed
What? The DNC met with Ukrainians for election dirt on Trump? Where is your outrage wooden head?
And only when it comes to Russia.  What are the odds?
Just like you forgot to tell people of your extensive investments in Russian companies? Kind of like that?
Obama's DOJ let in the Russian lawyer who also worked for Fusion GPS who wrote fake dossier on Trump, DNC miasma thickens.
She was here legally representing a client in court. That lie has been disproven already.
I appreciate what you're doing but the next time you're asked about Jared Kushner's security clearance please give a solid answer of YES.
Or even better ........ who would these guys be then. Oh the moderates!!! Y don't you tell the ppl what these guys are paid to do. Go on...
We get #Russia , @MarkWarner , but we need you to Gus on jobs, the economy, workers displaced by tech, and #healthcare .  #focus
But are they all filed? Yes! Has Kushner volunteered to be questioned? Yes! Over 3 times!
Or what about this ..... I could create spectacular ones about this
Well what about this - why don't u share what's going on here cos like u I could create a thousand conspiracy theories.Interesting u didn't
THEN WHY ARE YOU WIMPING OUT AND GIVING HIM THE BENEFIT OF THE DOUBT!! WHAT DOUBT? Do U doubt, l don't and neither does America! Butch it up
So
We already seeing 45 pulling away from his son. It appears he is trying to burn Jr more that Jared. Only loyalty 45 has is to himself.
How about @IvankaTrump documentation? Has it been updated to reflect changes Jared made? The form includes "spouse". @RepAdamSchiff
If I did that I would not only lose my clearance, I would no longer be a federal employee.

But you weren't worried about Hillary's pay for play, the 3000+ missing emails or Lynch/Clinton's meeting? What a hypocrite you are!
You do realize he was part of the Intelligence Committee that investigated her don't you?
Who cares. Please do your job and fix Obamacare and taxes. Stop with Russia
Quite a few people care. Most importantly is that Mueller cares. You know, the guy running the investigation. Let's let him decide.
I love my country.. PLEASE WE ARE WORRIED SO MUCH why are Bannon and Gorka still in WH ?
Senator shouldn't the people who continue to allow kushner security clearance be under the same scrutiny as him? Who are these people?
Wow. He must have amnesia like so many others in Trump fam and admin.
Thx Senator. It's up to us now to deliver you the House and Senate. Stay vigilant.
WHY wud u gv JK benefit of doubt! U urslf said HE LIED 3 TIMES TO FBI! YOU DIPPY WIMPY DEMOCRAT! http://wewillreplaceyou.org 
Agree of course. But when will there finally be consequences?? A little fed up with that talk about "all very disturbing ..."
Revoke his security clearance now!!!
If Kushner lied on his security clearance, and if that is a felony, why isn't he being prosecuted?
Senator I don't recall you being as vigorous pursuing the case for mishandled secrets with Hillary. Far worse than a mere lapse of memory
He was part of the Intelligence Committee that investigated her... are you serious?
C'mon. Give him a break. He's new at this. (sarcasm)
So, what are you doing about it?
That you know of  Senator
Keep up the good work. We the people need you on our side.
Did Ivanka also 'conveniently forget' that as his spouse, she had to report his contacts too?
Who cares!  Do you job
And 100 meetings
I can't wait to not vote for you again either.  Always thought you were above partisan politics.  Never have I been more wrong.
How can this carry on?
Possibly 4 if he didn't name the other people in the meeting with the lawyer
I think Kushner should see a neurologist. He has some serious memory problems for one so young.
And Hillary Clinton knowingly put classified information on an unclassified server.  Alot. Do you care about that?
I'm in favor of locking all crooks up.
Why is he still permitted access to classified info?  If it were a Govt employee or contractor, they would be fired (at least).
LOCK HIM UP ! LOCK HIM UP!
Boy Wonder (with whom he's colluding).
Should relinquish national security clearance immediately or have it taken away!
He'll never relinquish it!! & he's the hubby of daddy's little girl...Repubs are afraid of daddy!!
Federal employees get one chance to fill out SF-86. One.
Can lower level civil servants do that with their security clearance? If not at what level in govt. is it permitted & why different rules?
EXACTLY! if ur sick of wimpy dems chk out http://wewillreplaceyou.org 
Go get 'em Senator. Got your back 100%
And 100+ contacts!
Why does he still have his security clearance? What can be done to take it away?
No one trusts the sham Senate Intelligence Committee investigation. You aren't publicly interviewing any Dems. No DNC server? Sham!!
10 times and he gets a free sandwich.
Which comes with fries and handcuffs!
and then added 100 names. so he either actually had a list-which certainly raises ?s about his "forgetting" or he had quite the recovery!
Any Joe Schmoe doing this would loose their job, why is he still there?!?!?
When will everyone unanimously choose to stop giving him the benefit of the doubt, and just call this what it is: Perjury. Malicious. Lying.
We do everything BIG! Winning, forgetting, meeting Russians etc. Only losers don't go big.
America's Rule-of-law on full display...t rest of the World watching, & it's not impressive.  Different rules for t rich & pwrful. Sad.
@FaceTheNation actions are supposed to have consequences.
Get 'em Senator!
Also, why are you not asking for nuclear war against Russia?
Why would anyone want nuclear war? Isn't that the very last option?
Take another blood pressure pill Mark, you know how crabby you get...
so I said, you know, this whole Trump Russia thing, isn't fake news... and I mean, if it's not fake, then why fire Comey, or lie so much..
That makes him a Communist...go get em Senator McCarthy!
I guess laws don't apply if you're a member of the Trump team and the @GOP turns the other way.
He cannot continue with a security clearance; it is a clear and present danger

So damn proud to be your constituent.
Why are they not in leg irons yet ?
Cuz Dems aren't in power..yet..this admin is gettg away with unprecendented crimes! To much power!
Yet there he sits. In my White House.
Why does Hillary Clinton still have a security clearance?
Because after 8 investigations there was nothing to charge her with. Let's try to focus on the current investigation at hand.
