Vetted refugees, green card holders, actual citizens with dual citizenship--all banned.  DT is a nuclear bomb.
nuclear bomb you say meanwhile you have a picture of Obama...oh the irony..
Did Obama drop a nuclear bomb?  Guess I must have missed it.
no....he used drones to kill many civilians...#PresidentTrump has not killed one person.
this is likely untrue, as drone missions in Yemen and Somalia are ongoing and no indication of policy change
look it up dumbass...it's well documented
do your own Damn research lazy as #snowflake
It's not safe. Trump/Bannon are POTUS.
You have my support, sir. Thank you.
as an elected official what are you doing to put a stop to this destruction of our country?
there is nothing he can do ass wipe.
Will Congress call an emergency session to address this?
You're shameful. Had it not been 4 illegal votes u'd not be our senator right. You are not a legitimate senator. @POTUS @nytimes
But in just 2 years there will be even fewer of you America hating Democrats. Virginia will have a new senator. @POTUS @nytimes
You know what's shameful: Orlando, San Bernadino, Fort Hood, the Boston Marathon and, so it appears, you.
please help stop the Muslim Ban.
, I can't wait til you, @timkaine, & @TerryMcAuliffe leave VA politics for good! You 3 are horrible officials. @POTUS @nytimes
I've seen reports border agents are refusing to let some refugees go despite the judge's order. What are you doing about this?
Senator, R  U aware terrorists posed as refugees, were admitted into Europe & killed hundreds? What is wrong with you?
we are hearing that CBP is ignoring court order. Please go to IAD to speak out in person.
thank you Senator for your leadership in standing up to discrimination!
Same effect when we have ice, computer issues, etc. Delays happen, stop ranting, it's all good.  Boycott lunatics
I hope you and other Dems do everything you can to resist this emotionally unstable Toddler-in-Chief!!!
thank you for standing with us in Virginia against this hatred. What are you doing so that @POTUS wont continue to destroy us?
@Larramarr1980 @POTUS @nytimes Trump NEEDS TO RESIGN,  RUSSIA ELECTED HIM SO HE CAN GO TO RUSSIA.
Please stand up to this loudly!  We need our elected officials now more than ever!
What actions are you taking?
Please rally your colleagues to take action to defend against the Administration's assault on American values and institutions
Not a #MuslinBan! I "demand" you correct this!
Thank you Senator.
What have you or YOUR PRESIDENT ever did to protect us ans our country-YOU'RE TRAITORS.Shame on you &your party.
Trump just made America less safe. Shortly he'll come out with a Muslin registry, just wait, he's that stupid.
Tell Governor McAuliffe to arrest custom & border patrol agents defying court order stopping Trumps ban.
Please keep America's dream alive, you were elected in freely without Russia's help! @POTUS @nytimes
@timkaine @GovernorVA @MarkHerringVA TY for standing up against this atrocity!!! Keep fighting for what's right!! 
Thank you for speaking out against the ban
It's not! Not one banned country was involved in 9/11; it's just isolating more infringed people. #NoBanNoWall
@realDonaldTrump wrote the book, "How to lose friends and gain enemies"
The Trumpster rules again - Ur fired.
Will you object to unanimous consent motions and withhold consent until ban is revoked?
Bannon is nuts & is causing biz leaders to lose confidence in @POTUS Note market response. Chatter on twitter too
Thank you for standing up for all immigrants.  We are a land of immigrants.
your presence is called for @IAD.  Sending staffers is lame & spineless, VA is watching! #2020 #ResistTrump
You make me proud to be Virginian.  Please fight for us, this has to be stopped.
.@MarkWarner @POTUS @nytimes reports of people being put on planes in defiance of court order, if true, what action(s) will you take?
we need 2 focus on getting homeless vets off streets b4 we build a damn wall that a future Prez will knock down! Waste!
Get Bannon off security council too!
@JonathanLanday @POTUS @nytimes IAD now. They are detaining children.
SUE him for legislating with executive order. Trump said it was illegal during campaign. Prove him right.

the world is watching we have to get a handle on things.
it is. This is not good for America
perhaps this is a good time to start opposing the things this administration does instead of voting for them. Please.
remove all who supported the #muslimban under Article I, Section 5, clause 2 of Constitution #removebansupporter
when will senators say "enough" and impeach Trump @POTUS?
Under Article I, Section 5, clause 2, of the Constitution, a Member of Congress may be removed
from office
please tell us as out senator what you plan to do about this tragedy.
DO MORE
He won't. Fight the #MuslimBan, @MarkWarner.
This is shameful. How is this making American safe? @POTUS needs to end this dangerous #MuslimBan http://nyti.ms/2kEnMV4 
Senator as one of your constituents, what are you doing to stop this?
what are you and your fellow lawmakers doing right now about this constitutional crisis besides tweeting?  Pls advise.
We are watching you and @timkaine for leadership..make a stand now!
at some point the GOP has to stop the damage in the interest of self preservation.  Help them.
What are you going to do about it?
it's not.  It's embarrassing that a draft dodging POS did this.  I spent 21 yrs defending the Constitution.
Where is the legislative branch of government? Is this a dictatorship?
Senator Warner, please push back. Block POTUS's nominees and his vile agenda.I'm no youngster and this is not the America I know
Thank you! Please fight back and do what you can for these stranded people!
you voted for all his cabinet picks
the majority of Americans support the ban. Go trump!
thanks so much for calling this out. People need to know
Surely you are smart enough to know there isn't a Muslim ban. Muslims from 100s of countries are still able to come to USA.
Senator, please stop the Republican President. I cannot. You can.
Are you at Dulles? Or at a different international airport?
Happening NOW @ Terminal 4 JFK: @NydiaVelazquez @RepJerryNadler demanding entry to see detained refugees. #MuslimBan 
You need to be primaried out of office so we can get someone in who actually fights back instead of posting #Feckless tweets.
@vademocrats @POTUS @nytimes Just making my fed law enforcement and military family less safe.
Yes, yes, very nice. What are you doing TODAY about DJT appointments and EO's?  @POTUS @nytimes
With respect Senator, what do you intend to do about it? Tweets like this are the moral equivalent of thoughts and prayers.
Thank you, Senator! I was proud to march against tyranny last Saturday, and I am so glad you have our backs!
Tweets are great but we need action. Senate Dems need to take a stand! Refuse to cooperate!
Are you going to be at Dulles airport today?
Thank you for your words. As a VA voter, please register my support to END this unconstitutional and cruel ban. We're counting on you!
Thank you Senator! Points to you. Can you tell us how senators are planning to fight #MuslimBan and his other lunatic EOs?
as a former proud resident of VA, I am confident you will help in this fight God help us all!!
is Stoking Fear Around Globe

#JFKTerminal4 @MarkWarner #JFKairport #MuslimBan #RefugeesWelcome #Resist https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2017-trump-immigration-ban-conflict-of-interest/ … …
do whatever you can to end this disgraceful US behavior.  You are my representative in Congress.  We are counting on you.
Congress needs to exert authority. Please do something to rectify this.
Respectfully, sir: THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.
stand up to this crazy man! #InvokeThe25thAmendment
There is no Muslim Ban. @markwarner lies as usual. Letting the unvetted into US makes us less safe  #usfirst
Please don't let this continue. It's a disgrace to everything we stand for in the US
left wing hysteria.......... President @realDonaldTrump does not want America like Germany ,france
If you can't figure out how EV helps safeguard USA, please RESIGN now. You're intellectually unfit for the office you hold!!
Members of Congress must denounce and apply pressure, if possible, to stop this violation of our basic principles.
Stop him. Be bold. You've been part of bipartisan efforts in the Senate for a decade. Use those relationships.
This is a disgrace.  How many others will get screwed because of this rushed executive order?
Thank you.   Now what are you going to do about it? @timkaine
Hey @RobWittman - what say you?
So refuse to vote for ANY of Trump's appointments until he rescinds.
thank you for condemning this hateful, harmful executive order
.@MarkWarner @POTUS this is shameful, it is not greatness. End the #muslimban
@timkaine @RepDonBeyer  Dulles airport please
If you have to ask why then you're just as sharp as the leading edge of a ball bearing #MAGA
disingenuous much?
there are countries closer than US that can take these refugees. It is a temp ban from countries, not religion
more whiteboys with guns have killed more whites than terrorists.I'm white&wall&ban don't make me feel safe. Hear me NRA.
Sen. Warner, thank you for speaking up, please continue to do what is right and make our voices heard.
resist @POTUS. Help the public resist
There is always a choice. https://theintercept.com/leak/ 
White House in chaos nobody knows details of 'orders" or cares about impact on people
what is our congress going to do to remedy this problem?  This antithetical to our nations values
I cried watching the news this morning and I felt like I had been punched in the gut.
Fight him on this.
American miilitary lives are at risk.  DHS Secretary Allen must know this.  Please act now to stop this.  A religious test? In America?

Senator, please go to IAD and stand with the people being detained. Bring @timkaine along #weneedyou
we're waiting for you guys, word is 30-40 people detained cannot see attorneys
Sen Warner, please push back. This is dangerous for us all.
Please go to IAD and see how you can help there. We need you.
How do I start a recall campaign for my representative?
