Since the "replace" part of that package is MIA, this is "repeal." And there will be bipartisan hell to pay for that in 2018 and 2020.
It does make you wonder just why @GOP is doing this. Almost as though they think they have nothing to fear in future elections.
In terms of retail level politics, it makes no sense: constituency for this at ground level is small.+
Direct result of Citizens United, and a massive amount of money directed at reducing the obligations of insurers, employers etc.+
That same wall of money may help insulate these incumbents against challenges (either in primaries or general).+
Some may literally have been paid handsomely enough for this vote that they don't worry about keeping their seats.
I knew at the time that the Citizens United decision was the beginning of the end of democracy as we know it.
One of many challenges we face. It will have to be changed, by law (we're not going to have a liberal majority SCOTUS soon enough).
Thank you for fighting for us Senator. Please do all you can to see this doesn't pass
Partisan process?   Remember Obamacare and the "Nuclear" option?
They are like a broken record.
Mark Warner, one of the biggest communists in the dem party. How many millions did he make in Russia. Fake American
It's better than Obamacare. Heck anything would be better than Obamacare.
We must #RESIST
Has it ever been more clear? How many times do we have to keep mobilizing to prevent our healthcare from being taken away?
That's what they're elected to do
Ignoring Dems and the people.
Correct Senator. Does it remind you of when Harry Reid was Majority Leader?
after Sept. they will need 60 votes to repeal
Please stop this bill. Just say No!
Because #GrahamCassidy takes money out of gov-program that sucks, & forces ur stupid State to use it responsibly... too much to ask I know.
I should have said greedy and heartless bastards.
Proud of my senator for standing strong in defense of the ACA. #GrahamCassidy is bad for Virginian, bad for Americans.
mARK YOU LIBERALS PUT THE ICING ON THE CAKE. OBAMACARE IS CRIPPING AMERICAN TAXPAYERS. IF YOU DON'T USE IT WHY MAKE US?
tHAT'S A LIE.
No Mr. Warner, YOU ARE THE LIAR, AS ALWAYS  PROVE TO ME OTHERWISE AND MAYBE i'LL LISTEN. BUT I AM LIVING PROOF THIS HEALTHCARE IS A LOSER
you're real cute aren't you? I deliberately tweet so people like you can understand! Obamacare IS the problem, Get a life!
I AM pretty cute. Thanks. 
O. She blocked me. Lol
Not true! Warner is lying to Virginians again. We need good health care, not more lies from the Dems!
perhaps, same partisan process that gave us obamacare
Keep fighting for us, Senator! #noGrahamCassidy
Criticizing for being partisan? Haha O'care passed with no GOP votes. #hypocrite
I'd ask, "Are they stupid", but that would be a stupid question.
The Republicans are more Demons then I.
Those cheap bastards have been lamenting taxes they can well afford.
Yep. It's not leadership.....but followship!
Every 3 months my prescription goes up another $200. I need some REAL healthcare help.
Please VOTE AGAINST this bill.  Thank you.
Considering Obamacare was passed with partisan politics, why are you complaining?
I hope that means you are fighting!!
I don't understand how they can just keep jamming up business with these horrible bills. Does it ever end?
Not likely the LAST, only the MOST RECENT!!
Protect us.  Protect our families.  Protect our most vulnerable neighbors. #stopthem
This will be snuck in with little light shinkng & needs to be resisted loudly. It's no better, & in some ways worse, than all the GOP plans
Thanks for efforts against this bill - signing on to #MedicareForAll would make clear you want to FIX the problems w ACA rather than prolong
@GovernorVA @timkaine @SenatorBurr FACT:My insurance premiums have risen: 2014-19%,2015-20%,2016-28%, 2017 -21%. This is not sustainable!
Why are you tweeting at Va and NC pols? And what do your premiums have to do with #GrahamCassidy?  Please help me understand.
This cannot be allowed to happen
Didn't they hear the us, haven't they been listening.We want #ACA #Obamacare. It just needs 2B FIXED.citizens R feed up.They will B replaced
Thank you for opposing this!
This can not happen. It will devastate millions. What are they thinking.The ppl of this gr re at nation will rise up.
I'm glad we can count on you to vote NO on #GrahamCassidy
Please do your part to kill this one too. Shameless behavior by the GOP.
We protest! We do NOT want this bill to pass. We do not want the repeal! SAVE THE ACA!
We need a change. This is just racism from Majority leader Mitch McConnell. He is a traitor to the US Constitution .
Senator Warner, please do everything you can do to kill this heinous bill.
Congress should get a block grant to cover their medical cost+their families. Who in their family would they choose to get the short straw?
Block grants do not provide enough $. All the GOP are doing is trying to desperately gain the adoration of Trump.
The same book with different authors
Suggest u post with the 202-224-3121 and encourage calls.
This new attempt just means they have managed to pay more people to vote for it!
Thank you for speaking out about this horrible bill, Senator Warner.
While Vermont using ACA provision to improve our health and lower costs with a changed approach in paying providers.
It's the bill that keeps coming back and won't die. It's like that gremlin with the stripe.
Still waiting for your viable solutions to fix broken ACA???
is it the "process" that's wrong or the human carnage it would cause? wish y'all would focus more on substance over process complaints
Yup! Let's  move insurance regulation  back to the states, where it belongs!
Oh my God people will die. Dead in the streets with blood running in the gutters. Children lying in the gutters. Give me a damn break
Mark warner is a poor excuse for a law maker. Doom and gloom with no answers to disgusting bill he helped pass. He lied to all of you and
You are still asking him to help you. Wake up people he is not going to do anything to benefit citizens unless he makes money off of it.
The dems are keeping the illegals coming into this country for their votes. They dont care what happens to the rest of us. Wait til they
Take over our country and vote us all out
Senator, how about we all get on the plan you and Congress have? 
Vote no!!!
I vote to repeal that exemption that you have. If Ocare is so great, USE IT!!! #Hypocrite
And that has WHAT to do with Congress being on Obamacare?
Your SAD- Can't wait to vote you out
Please continue to be a strong, vocal voice AGAINST this horrific bill. My life and millions of others literally depends on it.
Your sleezy one payer plan is going no where dufus so give it up.
Thank god let's get this puppy  repealed this is the worst law ever crammed down the American peoples throat
@LindseyGrahamSC should be ashamed of himself. I hope he can live with all the people who will die because of this. Shameful.
Good! Make it happen Senator
@potus @vp @speakerryan @SenateMajLdr @senategop  @chuckschumer @senatedems why can't you listen to what WE WANT?? FIX ACA. Wait elections
Please vote no on this bill, Senator!
So you support dumping more into failing Obamacare only?
I highly doubt it'll be one last time.
Free healthcare like what u get!

Just say NO!!!
Use every tool you have to stop this killer bill. Why is the GOP intent on killing constituents?
@SenJohnMcCain Will you VOTE NO on bill? No return to standard order & devastates AZ. Your reputation will be ruined if you change now.
I know that's right. Just SMH, I have NEVER been fearful of our elected officals. WTF is going on? Please wake me, this can't B the reality


dems can reverse when they take back congress in 18
I thought last time was the "last time." Sigh.
Hey @MarkWarner and @timkaine, if you actually look at the formula, you'll see that VA does VERY WELL under #GCHJ: https://www.cassidy.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/Graham-Cassidy-Heller-Johnson%20Model_9-12-17.pdf …
You are assuming these two idiots look at anything that will help VA citizens. 1 made money in russia othet one has son in antifa
#MedicareForAll please.
You paying for it
