You must explain that this is a short-term bridge loan while the GAO considers the IRS request to end its long-standing Equifax contract
Really!?!?  Who's running the asylum!?!?
The inmates.
Perhaps, the soon to be inmates!
fingers crossed
Why did they make it no bid?!
Because they're all crooked?
Yeah, I'm one of those reasons & I'm angry about this. Put the IRS in the hot seat & make them forfeit this agreement.
To make matters worse it will be a nightmare during 2018 tax season when millions of fraudulent tax returns may be filed with stolen info
EQUIFAX IS CRIMINALS ON THE LOOSE
I'd also love to see what it is Equifax can do that no one else can. Because I'd have thought any of the credit agencies could do this...
absurd and enraging....
This needs to be reversed ASAP!!
Yes Mr. Warner. Public needs to have a confidence boost re Mueller b/c your cmtes look stalled b/c @GOP is complicit, taking Russian $$$.

Holy shit. This can't be real! WTF???? Is there no one w/ any brain capacity inside the IRS? Did dt fire them all? This is inexcusable. 
I can also think of 145 million reasons why Mark MUST refute cochair Burrs LIES to Americans about SteeleDossier investigation!
What the Hell??!!  When are you all gonna Stand Up to the Morons?!
PLEASE DO SOMETHING! 
THE IRS IS INVOLVED WITH EQUIFAX IN MULTIMILLION DOLLAR CONTRACT!!  

@MarkWarner @RonWyden
Can this not be stopped?  It's truly outrageous.
#WTF are these assholes doing! America, do you just not give a damn? #Resistance #Resist
To Equifax...I thought maybe they would be going out of business.
Really? Like Wells Fargo went out of business? As long as we let corporation buy our politicians, this will go on. #CampaignFinanceReform
There is no moral or ethical code left in this thing we call America.
The only way I can see to get out of this Morass is to elect representatives who will support #CampaignFinanceReform END corporate rule!
Please don't let them do this. Russia is trying to get our info to kill USA.
they haven't gotten the news about Equifax yet.... ?
Disappointed in you Sen Warner. The IRS tried to end its long standing contract with Equifax but Equifax disputed the contract so GAO review
WTF?
Didn’t they check the Yelp reviews first?
OUTRAGEOUS
Who hacked Equifax????  WHO has my information?  WHO???????????? Why can't anyone answer this question?  WHO???!!
From lavish office parties to bailouts of falling businesses and crooks. Nice work IRS. What are my senators going to do about this ?
That was an actual question. What are you going to do in face of this act of pure corruption by the IRS?
JHC. Equifax? Does the IRS live in a cave?
Why yes! Yes they do! And they come out only to attack the vulnerable.
Wrong on so many levels!  Follow the money & find out why!
A joke right???
Crazy.  Where is the accountability.     Understand they were in a process but IRS needs to be able to adjust like most institutions.
They are being rewarded for allowing the pseudo security breach. Oversite not overlook please.
So Equifax is making money off taxpayers for the harms they caused the taxpayers? Corp vultures never loose and therein lies the swamp.

Didn't they not commit inside selling stock fraud???
This must not be allowed!!!!
Can't congress revoke this?
Sole source order? I guess the defining capability for this was the loss of 145 million people's personal info and huge latency to disclose.
NOW THIS IS TRUMPS AMERICA
You know who I feel sorry for? The editors of the Onion who have to try to satirize the news.
We'll look at that the government just gave a pass so nobody can sue their ass@bigpileBS
In trump’s corrupt admin, we all expect someone at the top did indeed. Does Russia need more? Did they miss some data?
This is OUTRAGEOUS. At this point, I think Trump Admin is doing it just to traumatize people. #American #Authoritarianism @Amy_Siskind files
Fix it!
Hahahah. Federal Government incompetence @jaketapper
Can't Congress do something about this?
Thank God! It's vital that the most secure, trustworthy, and respected company is in charge of this task.
What demented Republican came up with this idea?
THEY R ROBBING US BLINDLY. THERE IS NO RETURN FROM THIS DEBACLE. THANK YOU TRUMPERS AND BERNERS
No problems, no big deal, right?
Hope they weren’t planning on keeping the anti-fraud methodology a secret.
Thought twice? They should have at least thought once!
I think our odds are pretty damn good of at least a hefty settlement; maybe $100k per SS #?
So where do we sign up for the class action????? Do I have to start one myself? What do I do???
@KamalaHarris Why did IRS award this contract to Equifax?
I want to hire the person who sold that contract.
Senator, how do they issue a  multi million dollar no bid contract too?
Our government is a disaster!

Everythng about this whole Regime is frightening. To have so many crazy ppl w/access is very unnerving. Demented right wing extremism in WH
Would appreciate if you could think of a few ways to stop it. Surely there is an escape clause in the contract that would nullify the award.
What about the other two credit cos? Where are they at in verifying id's? @Equifax should offer free freeze for everyone at all agencies. /1
And verify every single credit attempt. We need a different system. It's safe to say everyone's info was breached and @Equifax is using /2
this as an opportunity to make big $$ off their failure to protect the data. They are selling services instead of providing at no cost. /End
How does this happen? Experian was careless about protecting PII data & now gets rewarded? PLEASE EXPLAIN!!
What in the hell is going on. We are shipwrecked.
Seems like the Trump/Bannon approach to governing is anti-governing: Figure out the right thing to do, then do the opposite. Seriously.
Makes one think it’s an award for a purposeful breach that Equifax allowed,in my opinion.Might need to be looked at a little closer investigation reporters
And it was a no-bid contract. How did they justify that?
What could possibly go wrong?
Can we add this to the list of Unethical behavior to be. investigate. They're under Treasury, Mnuchin already has questionable behavior
Well, the fraud that will be committed using will most likely be using the information they didn’t protect so it kinda makes sense...?
Equifax was hacked 2x already & both times that disclosure was not given voluntarily by them. They have no business having this contract.
Good lord. They’re all crooks and liars.
Speak @ it in public - on MSM. It would gather far more attn & maybe T & co. would think twice!
Who got paid off for this deal?
Please say there is a way to stop this madness
I know u have a lot on ur plate w/all the Administration corruption & tRump/Russian conspiring but please open an investigation on this.
I don't want my tax information being given out easily to some hacker bc of Equifax's criminal negligence.
Un-effing-believable.

There. I fixed it for you 
Facing the Equifax scandal, I cannot understand any gov't functionary moving forward with this. Simply inconceivable.
147 million... Equifax discovered that 2 million more people than previously thought were affected. =/
Trump era they look the other way
Way to go government. No wonder we are trillions in debt
They want me to give them my confidential tax information? Canada is looking good about now, but I would really like my country back.
Please investigate this. It is beyond belief.
Please investigate this. This is just so ridiculously compromising on the face of it.
Really, what can I add?
Another thing to be upset and repulsed by: fix it
Failure seems to be the recommended quality for Trump admin  oh yeah, Or Russian recommendation
Can this be stopped?  How absurd.
@realDonaldTrump nice job by the IRS...
*Puts on flak jacket* These contracts are months if not years in the making. Probably had no choice per law but to go ahead once sole source
Are you saying there is no escape clause in government contracts? Where there is a will, there is a way.
Even working years ago at a state university, there was an escape clause in every contract - mandated policy/legalese.
I believe you are in a position to do something about that, Senator @markwarner. Get busy.
This merits Congressional inquiry. Hard to believe Equifax not disqualified. The award precludes trust in IRS & Govt contracting process.
Utterly ridiculous! @realDonaldTrump this makes no sense whatsoever.
???!!!!!
I know; and that’s not even the most insane news today.
Agreed! We're truly living in crazy times!
where the fuk are our protections....they know they compromised everyones fukn data..
Whose pockets got lined to jeopardize Americans' privacy and security? This bunch think it's absolutely invincible.

Is this true?
OMG! We are screwed. Again.
Imagine the IRS contract Equifax could have had if it had exposed personal info of 300M Americans? Oh, well. Maybe next time.
@alfranken @amyklobuchar Is there anything Congress can do about this?
I feel safer. Do something.
Wait what??? Is our country run by idiots or what? 
(Not you Sir, you are exceptional.)
What the .... You've GOTTA be kidding me. Their reasoning was what exactly? They're frauds, so they know what to look for?!
#trumpsters how much longer are you going to support this administration?
Spoke too soon. Even higher now.
Didn't Equifax admit today it was even more accounts exposed than 145 million? Unbelievable.
So much for draining the swamp!
WTF!!!!!
Did they communicate the award through their Yahoo email account?
govt at its best
I must say this is stupid as stupid can be . Who has there hand in this cookie jar ?
Most can rupture administration ever!!
Hahaha. Oh man. I am NOT going to worry about my taxes anymore.
What the hell? WHAT? Seriously so flippin wrong!
There is much gold in the DC swamp. Naturally Trump is draining the swamp and filtering it through his pockets. He’s so thoughtful.
Fleecing America is their only cause.  Despicable humans.
Outrageous!  Let me guess, no termination provision in the contract either?
Is that IRS that allowed many thousands of us to be hacked by use of same grade school security questions on their e-data &PIN site?Genius!
JFC how is this possible?!?
Maybe this is how people's returns and ID get stolen in the first place! NO BID Contracts!! Where's the ACCOUNTABILITY!!!! 
I was under the impression that we were entering the age of Aquarius... apparently it's the age of Irony.
Im starting to suspect this "security breach" was planned w/Russian hacks,voter machine rolls & analytica tied to Kochs/Kushner #NotNormal
Thats 3 of us!
Alice through the looking glass. They really have lost their minds!
Which reps did they pay off? That’s the question.
There all in this. THANK you fckg trumpers!
Warner-Who nominated the commissioner, whom I'm sure had to sign off on this.
Just follows with everything this administration does: find most incompetent person in field, then place them in charge of that same field.
Look at the positive side. Maybe Wikileaks will be able to hack IRS and release The Dotards tax returns
Uh... I don't know much about federal procurement, but assuming it's similar to local guv procurement, it is probably time for new RFP.
145 and a half*
When are YOU running for President??
Every time it seems our government couldn't be more broken or corrupt it tops itself.
@KeithOlbermann  Here's your next GQ post
I need another word for outrage...I’ve used it up! Why is Equifax even still in business? Where’s the many billion $ fine for them?
NOW he bitches about the IRS.
Every cloud has a silver lining, right? Now we know we can hack in and get Trump’s taxes.
Um..   aren't these the folks that let our information get hacked?
Omg it just keeps on getting better every day.
Are you kidding me! Someone is asleep at the wheel.
This should be investigated.
U gotta be kidding! EQUIFAX? the same equifax that just got breached? Now that's way beyond stupid. Evil maybe?
You r kidding  right
Why don't you stop this Russia fiasco and actually investigate the IRS?  The money your taking under the table must be very good.
It really is dumb. Thanks for the support.
Senator, I resent Equifax getting a contract w/tax dollars paying them. They breached my info & didn’t keep their software current. #IRSno
I hate that we don't have a say some heads should roll
Could it have something to do with antiquated procurement laws/time it takes to process?  Those laws need major overhaul/streamlining.
I can't imagine this was anything less than a bailout to cover the fallout.
Mark - you going to sick Mueller on them? Putin probably did this to.

We the people have come to expect this level of stupidity from elected officials.
Graft, corruption follow incompetent leadership.
This is a damn shame!  The IRS just awarded Equifax MILLIONS for screwing MILLIONS of Amer citizens out of their personal info! AMAZING!
Pls explain this to the Amer ppl...my being one of them screwed by both OPM and Equifax!
So who are the idiot's that approved this contract?? This is just wrong!!
Seriously is no one of any intelligence or moral fiber in charge?
Bingo!
How dumb are our elected officials ?
No words left...just anger and disgust.
This is an outrage! Can the Senste stop this?
They r all in this. THANK u trumpers!!!
I don't buy this mythic powerhold that "base" has over dotard & GOP.  They just use the idea as it suits them. Base can be appeased as reqd.
Why
And yet another WTF. Optics be damned, corruption full speed ahead.
This is so wrong I am almost speechless. At first it was an inaudible gasp. Now outrage! WTF!

This American #Veteran knows
the 9 most terrifying words in the English language are,
I'm from a corporation and I'm here to help 
Had Equifax employed an IT professional to maintain integrity of system, would’ve cost a lot less. Who are the big stockholders, please?
Absolutely outrageous!
And why not?  After all, Donald Trump is President.  How much worse can things get?
Every day it gets worse. So sickening
Is there no way to stop the crazy things that are happening in our country...Now?!
WTAF? No matter how many times this admin. fucks us in the a**, MOST of us are still not down with it! #Resist #25thAmendmentNow 
Surely this can not stand?
Yeah, in the real world someone would have caught that or lost their job. I guess in Disneyland DC they will be re-elected.
Holy cow. The USA as we knew it is over.
Time to start anew, we've gone to hell.
Our government is broken. I've stopped referring to it as Washington, and now refer to it as "Imperial Rome".
You have got to be fucking kidding me!! Who approved this. . . and no-bid!!!
Dig deeper Sir. ;)
Who is guarding the chickens now that they are range fed?
WTAF?
Thats 2 of us!!
Amen.  Kochs & Mercer's are the big powerful phantom "base".  Not all the folk.  They mean zip. Just used as needed for props, diversion. BS
Wouldn't it be fucked up if the breach was a hoax, perpetrated by EFax on Trump's payroll, to justify spending OUR money to investigate us?
You know what, I don't think this is crazy. Maybe I have my tin-foil hat on too tight though.
I think you mean unfuxckingbelievable. I fixed it for you.
#Max Security App#Max Cleaner#Breach Prevention
A no bid contract ?
Where'd the heat come from on this?
Outrageous!
It’s corrupt, we all know it since Obama days. Try and catch up Mark
Oh, hon. Your gonna have to go back further than that to find out when America was getting sold out!! OMG!
Sounds like they're taking advice from @DNC
I'm guessing that in tRUmp's campaign bank accounts there are a few million reason$ why Equifax got it
Agree. Maybe Trumps tax returns are out there somewhere! But it's not really a joking matter.
This is an outrage as a citizen of this country I want to know why a company that lost info to hackers on 145 million ppl got this contract!
Systematic hack, thank Kushner 4 this. He's the hacker in charge
Hello?! Who is making money off of this disasterous contract. Equifax = incompetence
yep..   follow the money
Insane!
In the Army, many years ago I learned.... the right way, the wrong way, "the Army way.  I can now add to that... #TheDumbAssWay
This administration is turning the swamp into a cesspool
throw it on over to @GOPoversight, right @TGowdySC?

@RepCummings
Jared's innovation portfolio at work!
Oh, I do not like this on so many levels.
The takeover of oligarch tyrants moving swiftly, surely, all-encompassing.  Seems to have been thought through over time. Not sudden. Scheme
Can you do anything to stop this, @MarkWarner ?
Are you kidding me????
