Donald Trump Jr. was promised damaging information about Hillary Clinton before meeting with a Russian lawyer http://nyti.ms/2uZjiJM 
More importantly, this follows a constant and troubling pattern from the Trump campaign and administration.
Trump officials keep conveniently forgetting about mtgs with Russians, only to recant after being confronted with evidence to the contrary.
That’s why we have to continue this investigation. There’s a lot more work to do.
America's getting very tired.
How about taking money for your foundation by selling U.S. uranium to Russia? Can you imagine that Mark?
Are you a pro LIAR or an incompetent one?
Are you kiddin me, you'd be the first one in the door.
But we can well imagine various other dirty acts of yours.
If you don't believe Trump junior could be that bad, remember who his father is, #JabbaTheTrump our "Grifter-in-Chief," scumbag superior.
I'm sure you would send an operative to do so. Look what Clinton did and you say nothing.  You can't be trusted either
I've been a voter for over 40 years and I can't imagine this election result is allowed to stand for one second longer! Is this AMERICA?!?!?
When have we ever changed an election result? We have no do-overs in the Constitution.
When have we ever experienced such interference in our election? New issues bring about new laws and amendments
Start writing this new law.
My bad; should have said "amendment" not "law" 
Congress can just rescind their acceptance of the EC parade of little boxes b/c obviously bogus given POP vote diff + Russians/GOP interfere
There's a first time for everything and there's NO reason that they cannot do their job according to the existing parameters. It shld work!
That's what I was thinking. Good luck getting any Repub support on that though. They'd rather have Oren Hatch than be fair to Hillary
Yeah but you could not IMAGINE these mlscreants in the big house , unreal!
Especially that particular opponent… @HillaryClinton
I believe nothing they say, haven't for years now.
You're a true American keep up the good work America deserves it

That's because you have integrity and ethics....
#BabyDon & his parasitic family don't see anything wrong with what DJT jr did because @realdonaldtrump cheats to win, apple doesnt fall far
You just hand off hundreds of thousands of dollars to let others do the dirty work. Dems hands a lot dirtier
Me neither, but please do post the rest of your resume Mark.
@nytimes It's been a pattern with the Trumps. Them accepting ANY HELP from foreign entities as though it's nothing.
These are morons who're used to throwing their dicks on the table & ppl acting shocked & awed. Welcome to the real world, little fellas
That's because you're a good American vs. the Russian pretenders we currently have in the Oval Office.
More proof that Trumps put themselves before country
+ Consider - perhaps Putin sending a msg to @realDonaldTrump by outing his son permitting lawyer interview .@NBCNews - comply, I have more.
Seems the DNC and the Clinton campaign could.  How about the Russian dossier and Ukrainian ties?  But, does if have to be a Russian lawyer?
And that is because you have scruples and abide by the law!!
On balance Sir, you have also never been a sleezebag lying treasonous amoral larcenous pig who could care less about America. Just sayin'
Yeah, but you are smart and ethical. #POTUS is not.
I hope you & all Virginia's leaders will do your utmost to oust these traitors. D's and R's mean nothing right now compared to A's.
Can you please start impeachment proceedings now? We don't need to wait for Mueller's findings. It's clear Trump-Russia happened.
That's because you have #standards and #ethics.
@CharlizeTheroff 
They're a family of grubs.
YOU'VE ALSO BEEN A LEFT WING HACK......AND CONTINUE TO BE.
This is just another lie from the Trump family lie after lie Trump saying that he didn't know anything about the meeting another lie
That's cause you're loyal to America. Trumps' loyalty is to their bank accounts at America's expense.
You never made president either.  Why are u so judgemental of Trump.  Obama made a mess of this country.  Trump is our president .
#DonaldTrumpJr wanted to win daddy's praise. #sad #treason #DonaldTrumpJrGoingToJailParty
You weren't raised by a sociopathic father, either.
There's an alernative motive look to Pence  blackmail  Koch Bros $. Kochs desperate to put Pence in WH
Because you are so perfect right ?
This how the Trumps do business. Threats, intimidation, lying ... anything goes to win, even selling out your country

#TrumpRussiaCollusion

That's because you are a responsible Democrat that knows Better
Reminds me of an era involving "ethics". Thank you for your example.
go ahead big mouth fact check everything we said.investigate a president ovomit,who signs a deal with the #1 terrorists country iran.
we can,t imagine an attn general lorretta lynch,meeting on the tarmac with the husband bill clinton of someone under investigation hillary
Sure .  Wouldn't be hard to get dirt on Hillary.  Didnt need to drive all the way to Russia.  How about $ to give a 30 min speech?
That is because you are a patriot Sen. Warner. You play by the rules. the Trumps believe they are above the rules and laws for that matter!
DonJr should have called the FBI,as soon as he discovered the true intentions of Putin.But he didn't since Donny wanted Russian interference
especially one who kills journalists, politicians & anyone he wants,  He will remain in power as long as he lives.
Trump down should be Inpeach there is enough on all of http://them.You  better do something now.Trump Punit WH please get him out,
He chasing chicks. You remember what it like 50 years ago.
I agree with you Mark.  Difference is you are an honest honorable human being.... not sure there is much of that in this WH.  Saddens me.
Have these emails been authenticated to verify they're not "plants" by trump to trap MSM?
In light of this DJT, Jr email mtg Russia bs, WHY does Kushner still have top security clearance?????.
Right, but the Trump's have never played fair. It's okay to defraud the govt., the little guy, the opponent. Laws don't apply to the rich$
According to the Trump clan, you are WAAAAY too uptight about that kinda stuff.

Because you have morals and ethics. The Trumps have neither.
BS
I can't imagine doing it for the high school student council elections. What planet is this considered patriotic?
Were you the one that #unamasked Donald Trump Jr? IF She's an Russia operative then Dems let her in.If she was watched by FBI then #Unmasked
Your party paid someone to meet w/Ukrainian officials at embassy for dirt on POTUS. When will you be calling for investigation into this?
Donald Trump Jr. was not a campaign manager he was a son supporting his father running for @POTUS
Bc you are a man of character & integrity.
Your @GOP colleagues are all in this.

Fusion GPS citing 3rd hand Russian anon sources makes more sense? The "your children are watching" party presents the golden shower dossier.
it's one thing 4 the Congress to allow POTUS to lie to America b4 calling him in, but his son?? Go get him! Now!
Yeah, right...you're perfect....hahaha.  What a joke, a very EXPENSIVE joke.
Come on Mark
,this is no more than #WHISTLEBLOWER ACTION on #HRC that  took MILLIONS to #ClintonFoundation n return of URANIUM? @seanhannity
A lawyer from a foreign ADVERSARY with sanctions in place!!!
Any facts? I "can't imagine"...is that you facts you political crook @trump
You could if you were sociopathic.
But your not deplorable dispicable
Sidney Blumenthal did. You snowflakes got oppo research from Ukraine and Russia against Trump and Fake MSM and you still lost
Can't imagine it doesn't mean you haven't or wouldn't. Do politicians have imagination?  We really do need that third way....
Senator Warner, why do these individuals still have security clearances?
Gee, you think colluding with businesses against American citizens is any better?? #hypocrite
You have no problem offer jobs to people for political favors.Get over yourself.Continue to waste tax $ and time because dems have no agenda
@realDonaldTrump has always been a conman. Now we know he is a traitor too. Lock him up, repeat.
I think we've captured it: #Trumpito and his voters hate liberals more than treasonous collusion w/ Russians. Sad!
#DumpTrump #TheResistance
You voted for this man.
That's because you have scruples.
2) and locales making big $ off poor young men & their families for a thimble-full of medicinal plant. Elderly & cancer patients medicine
But Senator, you're not a trump!
1) They are so dirty. Please hurry before the take down our country. & stop the oppression in VA. Stop the pot arrests in VA. Attorneys and
@nytimes
Who R U kiddin?DEMs like U  R THE biggest CRIMINALs Investigate THIS smartguy: 
http://www.powerlineblog.com/archives/2017/07/john-podestas-russia-connection.php … 
See how U SPIN THAT,it's REAL CRIME
Admitted
Confessed
Violation of ethics & legality
Corruption at core
Illegal & unethical does not make legal
2 negative do not make positive
You are full of crap. This is a part of modern politics. Who took the meeting to get the Trump "locker room" recording? Politics = DIRT
You're also an ethical person senator, unlike just about everyone over at #TeamTrump
because you, the dems and @HillaryClinton ARE SUCH HONEST PEOPLE!?! OH YEAH @BarackObama THIS LIAR KNEW ABOUT RUSSIAN MEDDLING!?! ?anything?
But Hillary & Bill can take millions through their so-called charity directly from Russia? HYPOCRATS, hanging yourselves chasing nothing.
Unfortunately, some of your @GOP brethren in Congress see no issues with this DT Jr. meeting
Unfortunate? It's #Treason @GOP has chosen Party Over Country, & it's time to fire them all!!! They're covering because they're complicit
Obviously, Al Gore agrees with you. He contacted the FBI when He was offered info
Sad and disturbing we have an administration loyal only to Trump! They should be loyal to AMERICA FIRST
Congress must begin impeachment. This crime family has sold out their own country.
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Ahhhh, you must NOT be a part of "I am a trump and all is legal group"
That's because you have morals! Keep up your great work for your constituents.
But these deplorables have no scruples
Well, of course not!  Especially when you've got DNC minions to do that for you.
No sane person can! Only a criminal at heart would seek info on an American presidential candidate from a foreign agent. Only an idiot!#AGAM
#ImpeachableCollusion , DYT?
The crook is pointing at our @potus w @fakenews ....@warner is a clinton crony, it's a shame @VIRGINIA made the mistake of electing you
Have you heard of paying a former M16 for information on your opponent?
Dude Dems were so desperate they would take a meeting with Satan - hell they tried to elect the equivalent of female self!
Like I'm not grasping the seriousness of McCain flying an aid to London to get a fake dossier? Or the DNC rigging a primary? Really?
You must be watching CNN, PMSNBC, reading NYT. Classic bait and switch: put a little truth in and everyone will believe the rest. Dream on.
Thats because you're not a Republican
Join the Trump family… They'll teach you how it's done
so, is this lawyer being incriminated based on her request for a meeting or did donnie & jared request that meeting? Can't wait to find out
Why is no one addressing that Trump has met Natalia?
#WatergateWithRussianDressing
The mob operates on a different level than we do
Imagine you have no morals, you care more about winning than about your country, and that money can fix anything. Now can you imagine it?
Yeah, you're candidates just take money directly from Russia. #UraniumOne
If only you were in a group of people who could take action.
The syphilis parasite that eats moral tissue in the cortex runs deep in these rats.
So get your colleagues in the House to #ITMFA. #unfittoserve #TrumpTreason #TrumpRussia #25thAmendment
How about a meeting to sell off 20% of US uranium deposits?
You may not, but Politicians aren't exactly paragons of morality, virture or integrity. Lets just keep it real.
Senator that's because you think like an American not like a trump. You care about America. Trump cares about getting out of debt. Thank you
Because the slime oozes from you and your progressive buddies not the GOP.
Senator we have to gut GOP don't we? They're in process of normalizing treason. Its not right. Nor just.
Well, the R's will take a win by changing the rules as they go along everytime. See: Gorsuch
Perhaps that's because you have people doing it for you.Or maybe we don't have to look any further than your laptop for dirt. #JacobSchwartz
The GOP already covering up for him. Traitors
But then you're not the arrogant entitled son/in law of a mobbed up FBI informant/ex con with a  Putin-owned campaign manager are you?
Especially RUSSIA
You sure? The DNC just this election cycle colluded with the Ukrainians. No investigation??

An email from a friend + 20 min meeting OMG! 
Haha, what do you think Hillary did? Not to mention the fact Don Jr was neither campaign manager or candidate. Hillary spoke to Ukraine.
When did hillary speak to ukraine
That's because you have that pesky thing called integrity
Oh the hypocrites are coming out in groves with their war paint on #Witchhunt  just another distraction
Imagine it !!
You have integrity.
Surely you jest Mark??? 🖒
I bet Paul Manafort knew exactly what she was saying 
Keep fighting for us Mark, we need to turn every stone to figure this out. Thank you for your service sir!
You have integrity--something majorly lacking in the Trump dictatorship & much of the GOP
Unless you were a traitor willing to commit treason to WIN for the family...for daddy dearest.
A foreign ADVERSARIAL lawyer to boot
Of course not!
You are clearly not a Trump.
Given the Clinton Machine sabotaged @SenSanders and @CNN gave debate ? to Hillary with her decades of scandals you would be a fool not to.
I promised him damaging information on CLINTON too.I said just investigate her FOUNDATION with a special council…we are still waiting…
What about a foreign opponent claiming to have dirt on a lawyer?
But ask Hillary. She did.
GO GET'EM @MarkWarner
That's because you're not corrupt! Or a traitor.
Please nail Don Jr and send a message to the rest of the Trump regime that violating the Constitution is NOT a good idea!
Let alone a meeting with a #Russianlawyer in the midst of an evolving scandal of the #RussianHacking of the DNC
I've been a candidate and a campaign manager. I can't imagine taking a meeting with a foreign lawyer claiming to have dirt on an opponent. https://twitter.com/nytimes/status/884148457547739137 …
At this point, their lone believable defense is almost astronomical levels of stupidity.
Why? @HillaryClinton did:
Because you'd call the FBI, right?
Yeah but money
LOL - Senator - would you take any meeting with anyone that you did not know who or what that meeting was about...  yeah me neither
Right,... Mark, you're a POLITICIAN for God's sake! You may "not" have done so,.. but I'll bet your emissaries have. We R not that gullible
Dear Mr @SenatorBurr ..... Lil' Help?
OK so what will be the consequences for Jared. How is collusion looking now?
There's more guns and a battleship too, allppl and a large portion @GOP know he colluded. U need to fight if president does it not illegal!
Please stop with the slow approach and put your neck out for America. If he knew the "info" in the meeting was from Putins ppl this is 1 gun
BUT you have integrity, Sir!!!
now your telling us that you have never ever got "dirt" on anyone during your campaigns.....how stupid do you think the American people are?
Because you are a good and decent man and citizen Thank you
Because you are a man with a conscience, @MarkWarner.  And, you know there are no secrets.
Please. You think we believe that.
Go get 'em Sen. Warner!! 45 and his WH minions have got to go!!!
Because you have some integrity, not a word one can associate with Trump and his spawn.
