If you can't pass legislation to protect #DACA in 6 months, step aside.  Congress needs to do their job.
Why have the dreamers not applied for citizenship?  The program should not be to infinity without application for citizenship.
Pass Dream Act
We want DACA bill, they want - well who can count-they've fine nothing. Time to start playing politics. Tie a DACA bill to their legislation
The disgrace with the Congress.  Do your job! Would you like to review School House Rock to know how it is done.I'm just a bill... Remember?
This is an action that Congress should have taken don't blame anyone else do something about it
When your word is based on illegal activities it is worthless
I am proud to be a Virginian, thx for your representation, and for your support of #DACA & #DREAMers
A promise made illegally by an idealogue!
Then attach a permanent solution to the Harvey funding. #DACA
This is not right.
Donald Trump’s word is worth less than his pledge to the victims of Hurricane Harvey
Why have they not become legal citizens?
They need 10 years to do that..it hasn't been the long yet
If they come here at 5 of age and they are a senior at jmu something tells me that is more than 10 years
Remember when @MarkWarner was caught meddling in state Senate politics-2014
Warner denied that he’d mentioned a judgeship for the politician’s daughter, insisting he “reached out” to the family about “possibilities.”
They only have their parents to blame. Their parents broke the law. They can bring up their disappointment with them.
Thus they should not be held accountable for their parents actions.  Imagine if it was your parents & you were getting the boot.
Imagine if my parents robbed a bank.  You think they'd let me keep the money?
Horrible analogy
Why?
It was an unconstitutional move by Obama.  But of course you jump on the band wagon for your own gains.
Had to be done this way because the black guy being president pissed off Republicans.
Let's return to the rule of law you fogot when you helped create this problem to be solved by #POTUS #EducateOurCitizensFirst
Ooops. Sorry! I meant to say ^forgot. '...rule of law you foRgot...' That makes it read a whole lot differently.
DACA didn't end. It will lapse if your led bottom doesn't get 2 work & POTUS is betting on an inept Congress 2 blame 4 failure.
@MarkWarner You and your colleagues in Congress have the power to make it right. It is past time for Congress to take up immigration reform
makes me mildly sick to my stomach I have moments of I knew he would then wtf?
Some short facts why repealing #DACA is nonsense: https://wol.iza.org/articles/legalizing-undocumented-immigrants/long …
Boy what it empty suit you are? Did you illegally give your word? It's so resign.
Anything illegal you like ???? Seriously you embaress us Virginians!!!
The "disgrace" is that Democrats own #DACA & its failure. The #DreamAct failed to pass because 5 Democrats voted NO!
DACA is illegal. 0bama also said it was temporary. #disgrace
DACA is UNCONSTITUTIONAL and SO ARE YOU!
It was an EO. Not a law. Therefore it's Unconstitutional. Congress needs to do their job! Obama forced them to with the EO. Trump is as well
Can you imagine the fear these young people are dealing with?  They could be shipped to a country they no NOTHING about and know no one.
Congress is mad because it doesn't want to its job and pass a law thru a legal process
I don't think id ANTI IMMIGRANT! Just NEED to come in to this Country properly like the rest of us in the past. NO SHORT CUT.
Y'all ought to be able to figure something out...didn't do any work for the last 8 years.
your word, not mine.
Thank you. I will be supporting you as you find a legislative solution to protect Dreamers. No excuses. Be courageous. #DefendDACA
What needs to happen is so obvious - close the border - really closed - then be nice to everyone here - boom done - was that hard?
By "word" you mean executive action by one man, right?
Thank you for your remarks. Very easy to understand. 
Appreciate the efforts you have put forth for Americans.
Do your job and create a law that handles sensible immigration policy. President Obama called it temporary. You fix it !! Do your job
Then do your job and pass a law to deal with the issue.
And Trump is a disgrace.
You and congress are a disgrace!!! It's your job to make anything law NOT PREZ!!!!
You mean ILLEGALS
@MarkWarner - What legislation will you introduce/support to defend DREAMers in the Senate? What will you do to ensure it passes?
A request: pass a Constitutional law rather than supporting an illegal presidential order.
Obama was a discrace.
In case you forgot, the constitution is the document you swore to protect and defend!
....If you don't like the decision, do your damn job.  Do it through the proper legislation.  Illegal immigration needs to be stopped first!
That "word" was unconstitutional!  I realize the constitution does not mean much to you and your friends in DC, but it does to me!....
No Senator, u have chance to make an Obama executive order a legal program. Drop the partisan rhetoric and get to work!
The disgrace is your support for obama EO usurping congress instead of passing legislation.
You should probably have this conversation with their parents
Be still your bleeding heart God knows you are a saint...we can tell by your tendency to obstruct this new President
I thought his slogan was make America great again not make America  white again but it speaks to his base !
Trump is forcing legislation. It's about the string attached.
The Senate and Congress is a disgrace for not doing their job initially!  Enough vacation & sniping. Do your damn job!
Don't blame America for ending The Dream Act. BLAME YOUR ILLEGAL PARENTS FOR KNOWINGLY PUTTING ALL YOU "DREAMERS" AT RISK. #DACA
All trump does is lie. Going back on his word is as easy as breathing for him. His word means nothing. His evil actions speak volumes.
How bout you stop whining and pass a law then

THE NATURE OF PEOPLE DON'T THINK ABOUT OTHERS, JUST THEMSELVES!
The only one that gave his word was obama while you and congress have done NOTHING since 2012 to fix it
HE IS DOING BRIBES  HUSH MONIES.. FOR THE MEXICAN WALL=TRUMP STATES TO DROP DACA IF PEOPLE AGREE / CONGRESS ALL AGREE WITH  THE WALL !!
It is a disgrace that Congress never passed it into law years ago.  Well now you get a second chance!
trump is leaving the fix to you. But this way he still looks good to #right base. "See, I tried to do it but congress went behind my back"
It's sickening. They were brought here as children, through no choice of their own. This is the only home most of them have ever known.
The Disgrace is you & Senate Dems didn't make them Legal w/ A Bill. the Court Bitchslapped Obama's Illegal  DACA executive Order.
@realDonaldTrump is using DACAs as a bargaining chip to get his stupid wall.  GOP to Dems u want DACAs we want wall
quit crying and fix the problem! congress can do that!
Someone should hold the people responsible accountable - specifically the people who illegally came here and illegally brought children
Who's word?
Even obama said it was a temporary fix! Get to work and legislate and quit blaming the president for your laxness!
It is a disgrace and abusive to those children and families
Follow the Law-Protect American Citizens
Please fight for these people!
Pass a law but dont pass it so we have to pay for them you cant stand on your own feet leave
It was not OUR word, it was Obama's word and it was Unconstitutional you putz,
So why did Obama not enforce the laws to begin with? He's the reason they are heartbroken.
No Mark this is not a disgrace. You now have the opportunity to create, embrace it.
U mean ur Democrat lies??They should get used to it because that's all Liberals do is lie,u manipulate a group of people for votes & money!!
With their info volunteered under DACA ICE will now raid workplaces, schools and homes for people who committed no violence trusted our gov
Then do something about it 
Please
I guess the concept of Constitutional limits of Power to a President doesn't matter to you! @POTUS gave you 6 months do your job for once
THANK YOU for your pledge to #DefendDACA & to #DefendDREAMers!
The GOP is allowing Trump to destroy America. POTUS has too much power for one person.
Upholding our laws and Constitution is never a disgrace. #EndDACA
Take a good look in the mirror! You allowed this to happen! Little less hate talk about our @POTUS Trump and a LOT more action! How bout it!
Impeach
A total abuse of power. Trump is single handily destroying the US Constitutional amendment to restrict power of future Presidents. #NMAGA
If you really believe what you say Senator, why do you not DO YOUR JOB and pass immigration reform as POTUS has given you a deadline?
They are all stupid lazy and don't really care as long as they continue to hold an office that allows them to make money illegally
DACA is unconstitutional. Why should we promise citizenship to those who broke out laws.
Guess O shouldn't have made a promise he wasn't authorized to make!
Is there anything Congress can do to stop this?
Congress writes Law..NOT EO Obummer
Impeach the cheeto head
No, it means that Congress should be doing the job that they were elected to do.  You know that an EO is not Constitutional. Trying to duck?
Well as we know. Democrats word means nothing! Stop whining! And make it legal
It's a disgrace that illegal immigrants were allowed to stay here in the first place! Who do you work for? Illegal's, or US citizens?
The disgrace is Obama's unilateral surrender of our borders & your breathless support for everything he says. You're embarrassing, Warner.
DACA truly was a disgrace...Obama's clear over-rwach of authority.  Now, Congress can act.
Impeach
We must have a legislative solution.
http://www.agayindependent.com/blog/show-and-tell …
Thanks goodness there are responsible Democratic senators who are willing to speak up to protect young peoples' lives and well-being.
So pass legislation and then it won't be a problem.
How about we make Virginia a sanctuary state?
Quit whining. You're a legislator. If you think this is so horrible, pass a law. It's in your job description. Want me to show you where?
We didn't give our word, the former president signed an executive order. Pass it through Congress if you want it.
Ken Cuccinelli was a disgrace to the people of Va in his lying comments to CNN a few minutes ago
Dare him to get rid of 500k Daca works
Do your job Congress.
So what have these dreamers have done to become citizens?
"Our" word would seem to imply the nation's laws that our duly elected representatives created. They didn't. Perhaps they should now?
Well this is not really true now is it? The only promise was that we would delay deportation. Not any real security was it?
The real disgrace is that Obama was allowed to pull this against our costitution.
Please ask your colleagues (on both sides of the aisle ) to pass the dream act.
It's unconstitutional. Didn't you swear oath to uphold? Not upholding is the disgrace
DACA is illegal & unconstitutional. Laws are made by legislative br, not executive br.. Simple lessons in civics classes teach that.
Lead, follow or get out of the way - your incessant whiny is shameful to our VA heritage #FireWhinyWarner
And fire timmy kaine too!
No mark you and your do nothing colleagues are the disgrace.... #draintheswamp
Beautiful words @MarkWarner #DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers
You swore to uphold the Constitution. You took an oath. You know this is illegal. You aren't the victim. Make a law and pass it if u can
A promise does not equal law nor a law make.
on OBAMAS word, not our Legislatures.
The disgrace was brought on by Obama who broke the law.  The parents put their children in this position, not me or any other citizen.
Trump did nothing but end unconstitutional action by Obama and put responsibility in the lap of Congress were it belongs &  youre cowards
DO YOUR JOB. Enact the DREAM ACT right now.
Bye #DACA. Wait...I meant "Adios"
Whose WORD?  Obama admitted he was signing an ILLEGAL EO when he signed DACA.  HE created this mess.
The DACA program wasn't "OUR" word, it was @BarackObama's word.
It was YOUR word that your going back on. The DEMS passed DACA with overreach and knew it was unconstitutional. YOU mislead these people
He's not going back on his word. He never promised them anything. You did. And you lost the white house (and everything else pretty much)
Open the BORDERS!!! Social justice NOW!!! 800000 dead CHILDREN? Not NOW not EVER!
Agreed.  Undocumented persons brought to the country as children are in a unique & precarious position.  Congress could fix it!
Not our word, King Obama made that promise, congress be damned!
Was never a path to citizenship.  Obama's own words.  Stop pretending the DACA program was permanent.  You make Virginians look pathetic.
They are illegal! Get over it
Who's next? Kids adopted from foreign countries? The US govt gave their word to these kids. How can they trust now?
Think of how 800,000 educated skilled people can do to bennifit their countries.  Go and MMGA!
"OUR" word?  I think you mean @BarackObama 's word.  He acted unilaterally.  If you dont like it then do your job and pass a law.
is it possible to get your fellow congressman together and nix this? Prove that Congress isn't inept....you have 6 months
PASS A LAW!!!  Don't blame Trump for your failure.
Congress makes the law, the president enforces the law
In addition, what Obama did was to create a situation that was harmful to those kids. How many died or were abused on the journey HE caused?
And are fully registered with government making sweeping raids possible (and scary)
Agree we want these DREAMers! But put the pressure on Congress to create permanent fix rather than an EO that was by nature temporary.
Pres. Trump is UPHOLDING the Rule of Law/Constitution.  So, now, YOU must pass a LAW that properly deals with this situation.
Don't get mad at AG Sessions for enforcing our immigration laws. Get mad at your parents for breaking them.
Thank you @MarkWarner 
#leadership requires #Integrity and #compassion
Why not ask him to do his job and work with the GOP in getting a permanent fix?  This outrage from the Senator should be a call to action.
LMAO  YOU AND THE REST OF CONGRESS CANT DO YOUR JOB AND YOUR BLAME OTHER?? GEEZ MARK YOU WILL NEVER BE @POTUS!
The Dream Act failed to pass in Congress.  Pres. Obama knowingly violated the Constitution by enacting his own law- he said was TEMPORARY.
The executive branch ENFORCES the law, that's their job.  If you don't like the law then change it through the legislative process.
It's called getting rid of an ILLEGAL ACT! So now you are for breaking the law as long as it's in the name of pandering for votes?! #ENDDACA
It was unconstitutional. If you want DACA handle it in congress as it should have been in the first place. POS.
Thank #44 for this predictament. You forget?
Just like Trump. I am ashamed of this country. This is human rights issue. Would love to see a statement out of UN condemning him.
I agree it is a disgrace. #DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers

Thank you for fighting for Dreamers; please keep fighting hard; we need them. To abandon them is one of the cruelest things I've ever seen.
Have you drafted legislation yet with Senator @timkaine?
No they haven't.  They prefer hyperbole & finger pointing to actually doing their jobs
I say this with great respect, but please get off of Twitter and get curative legistation written!
The disgrace is keeping people here who have broken our immigration laws. #DACA #DREAMers
Well said sir!
OUR word?? You gotta mouse in your pocket?
Do your job. Enact legislation. If you had done your job long ago, we would not have this mess.
We are all #DREAMers! We were all born from one original great! Defend the dream!#DACA
Obama had no right to give HIS word going against our constitution.  Once again we're cleaning up HIS mess.  Righting HIS wrong! Bye DACA!
you are a legislator.  Which means you can write and amend laws which is what you should do.
@realDonaldTrump 
Yes Mark, lieing to 800k people should have ramifications for you! Don't worry Trump can take it big boy!
UNCONSTITUTIONAL , Obama belongs in Prison and so do those trying to defend this !!! #MAGA
Our laws are meant to protect us anyone who thinks we need to be protected from Dreamers lacks all common sense. This does not protect us
Maybe now Republicans won't play politics now not like 2010  these are people that know no other country why create uncertainty  no soul
