I've listened to Virginians whose families have been torn apart by gun violence. Enough is enough. This tragic violence has to end.
I want to thank @LoriHaasVA, & Andy & Barbara Parker for their courage & leadership in the fight to #EndGunViolence & create a #SaferFuture.
As a Virginian I can proudly say I do not support you or your next attempt at re-election. #maga #2a
My veteran husband w/27-years service and I wholeheartedly do! Thank you for your common sense stance #NoCCR
There's no common sense in fascism, sad to hear a veteran would be against upholding his oath to defend the constitution. #maga
He knows guns in civ hands should be respected the way the mil respects them. Training, screening, registration.
If your drivers license is respected across state lines then so should your conceal carry permit.
Nope. Drivers licensing regulations are fairly consistent among states, CCP reqmts vary widely. +No fed law re: DL
Thank you for listening and for fighting common-sense gun laws so our children never have to face an event like Columbine in the future.
I didn't realize the POS killers at Columbine were legal CCP holders. Oh thats right they weren't.
I never said they were.
Then why would you say something so stupid? Columbine was committed by 2 kids that couldn't legally own a handgun.
thank you!!
Thank you Senator Warner!! This constituent is grateful.
I support a well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, where the NGs don't have armories w/standard arms
Thank you
I am a constituent, and I do not understand. I want to talk about this further. Let's arrange a time to meet in DC or local offices.
Thank you so much for opposing this legislation, Senator Warner.
Let me interpret...
"Knowing that I don't know anything, especially about guns, and I am fervently against the #2A I won't support S.446."
Show proof that law abiding CHL's have committed crimes verses criminals. To risky going after criminals so let's punish the good citizens
Thank you for standing against this legislation
Thank you for your support for gun safety and common sense laws.
Maybe you should spend more time trying to comprehend. It doesn't say that! It simply  says all states must honor all other states!
Rights do not end at the state line.  You're out of order.  We cannot support your disrespect and tyranny.
make sure you NEVER used armed guards there senator...we know u all think you matter more than "regular" americans..elitist much?!?
Thank u @MarkWarner! Concealed Carry Reciprocity undermines states' right to protect their citizens as they see fit. #NoCCR #EndGunViolence
Thank you from Arlington, Senator Warner!
THANK YOU! Our Commonwealth decides our own CC laws. No race to the bottom! #momsdemandaction #vocalmajority #CGSV
Would you allow your state to prevent books published in other states from coming in? How about to ignore marriage licenses?
Thank you for putting the safety of your constituents first.
Thank you @MarkWarner @MomsDemand
Thank you for showing #GunSense. Here in NJ we worked hard 4 strong gun laws. Not going backwards. #njleg @SenatorLorettaW @RepJoshG
Thank you @MarkWarner for this statement. As a constituent from RVA, we applaud it!
you don't understand gun violence. Shooters don't apply for permits. Set a baseline for CHLs and approve it.
Sen. Warner appears to believe your #2A rights stop your state's border @gunvote @NSSF @MarkWarner @nra-ila
Just yesterday in Virginia a concealed carrier stopped a restaurant shooting. And you were worried about reciprocity? Stop playing politics.
So you support states having separate speech laws too? Hypocrite.
This is why we need term limits for the Congress and the Senate
Let's do the same with Driver License's  too then because that makes perfect sense????
Your State recognizes the Licenses from all 50 States, yet you don't want your own Citizens to have the Right to Reciprocity?

#gunsense
You're a Democrat,we've never expected Common Sense, or for you to Honor your OATH to Protect and Defend our Constitution.Well get it anyway
Perhaps @JimWebbUSA should primary you then
Thank-you Senator Warner!
Which already override constitutional rights.  If you gave a shit about gun violence you'd focus on where it occurs and who commits is.
ThxU 4 ur serious reconsideration of this bill.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you senator Warner!
So Senator if 2nd Amendment isn't required to be uniform in all states then neither is 1st, 5th, 13th etc. if I'm reading you correctly.
So you're FOR more cities like Chicago & Baltimore? Also, what's so unique about what you know now that overrides "shall not be infringed?"
So on everything from health care to education, R's cry "states' rights," but for concealed weapons it's all federal law.
False. Individual States can still deny their citizens a permit.  

#gunsense
Also, you do know this won't alter anything for VA right?  VA already recognizes all 50 States Licenses...

#gunsense
Please oppose S.446. Don't waiver in fighting reckless gun lobby.
That's because you've never been pro-gun in your life. Every time you open your mouth it's "I believe in the Second Amendment, BUT...".
This VA @MomsDemand thanks you!!
Surprisingly you don't seem to know that this wouldn't alter anything in VA. You already recognize all 50 States Licenses. 

#gunsense
But that's only some of the people some of us want you to support it
thank you!
Pew pew pissant.
How many could have been different had they  had the ability to defended them selves?
Thank you for your vote from New Mexico where our laws are more stringent than many states
Thank you Senator Warner!
Just a reminder that individual rights like 1st & 2nd Amendment don't come from gov't, any gov't & can't be taken away by any gov't.
Except they do. How silly.
A  Democrat senator from northern VA.  Big surprise there.
The second amendment is reserved by the Constitution. Should states regulate free speach? Should you only get a lawyer in some states?
Suddenly, state's rights aren't important when it befits the arms lobby.
Took the words out of my mouth.
That's false. Individual States can still deny their citizens a permit.....

#gunsense
Thank you!!
I hope you are voting against Trumpcare. They are trying to be sneaky with it.
Ahh, so your Constitutionally protected rights should be subject to what 50 different states want?
Thank you
most of the people like you in power are fools
Your logic is impaired by your need to be elected again, so you can leech off your constituents
States do not have the right to make their own gun laws any more than they have the right to set their own laws o free speech.
Equal protection under the law moron
Thank you from Roanoke! 
Thank you!
.@MarkWarner THANK YOU SENATOR!! From 3 voters in Alexandria who support #gunsense @MomsDemand
Thank you
Thank you Senator!
That's like saying u don't support out of state citizens requesting a permit to hold a rally in VA. So glad you're not my representative. 
Thank you.
Thank you @MarkWarner for taking this stand not only for Virginia but for all Americans.
Thank you! Enough is enough!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Senator Warner!!
Thank you Senator Warner!
Get back to the Russian Collusion investigation !! your gave your word!!!! What is the Update?
Comey voted for all Americans
