could we offer public buy in options by age? CHIP under age 20, Expanded Medicaid ages 20-49, Medicaid age 50+.
public plan are subcontracted with private companies so it would still be a private/public partnership.
@SusanCarver19 Dreamer.
the only thing that can fix obamacare is a full repeal. #FULLREPEAL
Well, he was the only Dem voting for all Trump nominees, no so much hope there
Why don't the #Dems repair what they created? #ACACleanUp
@scyeatts it's time for us to vote out House Teapubs & replace them with DEMS this yr special elections &'18 midterms
Dems care about health care
Does GOP?
LOL more like let it die and put something better in place after dems realize the are going under with it
Good, now please block Gorsuch and continue investigating Trump/Putin treason. Thanks.
He voted for Tillerson, who is now selling us in Russia
GOP own sabotage of ACA it's the reason for rise in premiums & companies fleeing Read this
He's a traitor, fake person period
I agree, Senator.
Why was it passed if it needed to be fixed?  Repeal and let private sector flourish.
WE WILL NEVER FORGET YOU VOTED FOR TILLERSON, NOW HE'S SELLING OUR COUNTRY TO RUSSIA
when will we hear DEM ideas to fix ACA? Can we offer public options: buy in plans to Medicare, CHIP, Medicaid?
We need mature bipartisan work to fix this. If they go low DEM should go high.
With all due respect sir, you spelled "impeachment" wrong. For the good of all Americans.
Let's first abolish the ACA penalty that the ill-advised Supreme Court allowed Obama to call "tax" b/c it's unconstitutional.
Your party created the mess we have now! Who needs your help?
Amen. Let's start with the ability to negotiate with big pharma on rx prices for Medicare, Medicaid and ACA Exchange
Precisely!
I have seen ZERO legislation with your name on it to fix #obamacare over the last 4 years- stop working for your party
Agree with you 100%. he was the only voting for Trump nominees
thank you for standing strong!!! We did it!!!
Mark Warner was the only Dem voting for Trump nominees
Its time to repeal it. By name its a fraud. Nothing affordable about me not being able to pay for medication I need because of high premiums
Please tell us what Senate Democrats are willing to work together to fix ACA. I haven't heard of any.
Time for DEMS to admit OBAMACARE IS AN ABORTION.
it's time to introduce legislation to expand #medicare4all as a #SinglePayer option. The people will stand behind you on this!
No, sir. It's time for a #FullRepeal
really excited to watch the Obamacare conclusion. What you guys going to do know?
@timkaine thanks for your strong support!  Well done.
@timkaine Thanks 4 standing 4 nothing ACA costs my family $1k a month & $12k deductible You will not get my vote next election
no, we're going to let it fail until you come begging for a full repeal.
actually it's time for all of you to do what the American people want. Neither version addresses the concerns of the public.
Why didn't you fix it over the last 7 years?
That is what that was, repeal it.
correct now a bill cam be built with consensus.  ACA is the democrats mess i am sure you want it fixed
it the whole them us thing that's screws up Washington. It's WE
And for YOU to work with THEM, please, tough tho that is. Cooperation needs to go both ways. 4 all citizens - not politics/ego.
like the way you worked with them on the failed Obamacare????
yes. Lean on them to work together with us. Single payer system has my vote. Healthcare is not a business.
NO! Mark Warner, its time for YOU to start working with Republicans to fix that mess you left America with.
right because you only had 8 years to fix it but NOW IS THE TIME TO WORK TOGETHER!! Doesn't that go against the lib cause RESIST
What have YOU done to fix the ACA?  In VA premiums continue to increase while providing much less coverage.
what's the answer then?
keep up the good fight.
the job's not done. Fund EPA, no tax breaks for billionaires, independent Russia commission, tax returns/conflict of interest.
Thank You @MarkWarner! So grateful for your leadership & integrity!
why doesn't anyone speak of regulating insurance companies.  They are still making millions and insur CEOs getting huge bonuses
WTF Warner what the hell have you been doing for the last couple of years? Now the GOP has to work with you? You own this POS.
if Dems didn't pass the last garbage bill we wouldn't be in this! Maybe Dems should've tried working with Reps the first time
time for you to retire
that's right so come out and give some ways to work with it and fix things to make it better with insurance and drug companies
YES! PLEASE!! And thank God! Now how do we make things more competitive so prices stop skyrocketing? (Prescriptions?)
yes please...tweak what needs tweaking. Iterate and Improve!
I hope the GOP has learned from this. It is not about the name or administration but instead fix issues with the existing plan.
Thank you for your professional post.  This is round one of many to come.
finally some common sense. Work together to fix what we have!
single payer would be a good start.
absolutely, healthcare needs to be a non- partisan effort that helps all Americans
Healthcare must be part of US mixed economy; market negative externalities can't be fixed without gov structure. #health #ACA #publicpolicy
here here!
Please, please, please
Here's a good hint: stop sabotaging it!
Thanks, Mark.
UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE
Bipartisan rules.
.@MarkWarner You mean like you worked w/ the GOP to create the ACA? oh wait, they were excluded! The ACA is your fault- all 5,000 pages!
Obama excluded Republicans from a W/H work session. Dems excluded all GOP additions. ACA is a Democrat clusterfuck.
yes!
Yes! Negotitate lower premiums and deductibles from VERY profitable insurance companies (with high paid CEOS). #ACA #AHCA
We need more people like you in Washington.
No he voted for all trump nominees, check the newspapers
What a crazy idea! Ignore the extremes and reach across the aisle with moderates of both parties.
Yes, let's show America the Democrats are real reps, not the obstructionists the Republicans have proven themselves to be.
get a list of "what sucks about the #ACA" and focus on that -- premiums skyrocketing is one thing.  Universal HSA would help.
is it rejected or just postponed vote?
repeal and replace
this is the best option, always has been.  When your bill is at 17% approval you can't move it forward.
The Amer ppl and the health of our  democracy must always be 1st...before any party/affiliation/president!
Great! Where is your bill to fix the #ACA?
where was the GOP plan for the last 7 years to replace ACA?  They had 7 years!
Okay. No GOP plan needed. The ACA is your baby. All is well.
if you look at my agreement with Sen. Warner, ACA can and should be fixed.  Takes two sides to compromise.
Together!
Absolutely!!!
