BREAKING: Lacking votes, Senate GOP leaders abruptly delay vote on health care bill until after July 4th recess.
Sir I am not a democrat but am in full support of you and @timkaine !! Well ok maybe I will become a dem Keep up the good work!
Join the party, We have cookies!
I don't mean to sound like a rich egocentric nomcarimg conservative but,
What kind? 
Who obviously can't spell
Ha! No worries. I literally type with one finger
Instead of working in a bipartisan way, Trump is having another GOP party at the WH. Trump still doesn't know how democracy works.
Trump doesn't know how to work with others, at all
Trump needs to be IMPEACHED NOW. There are so many reasons to be at that point. He is destroying the US and Presidency.
even the GOP is realizing it.....so what is in it for them? Why won't they act?
@kid_prairie @RhondaSternows1 @MarkWarner I believe some are in on the collusion. Others are having hard time with embarrassment & control.
I suspect embarrassment is a big part of it
Agree but they are also very concerned about loosing power because Pence is a liar that should go down too. Don't know how but s/b Hillary.
Pence is the reason I worry about Donald being removed
we are in the middle of a civil war for the soul of america
Time to scrap obamacare..full repeal...insuring those with pre existing conditions is not insurance. FULL REPEAL
how dare people not be physically and mentally perfect. What's it to you, anyway?
You can't purchase fire insurance once your house burns down. Should be the same with healthcare.
I hope nothing ever happens to you, and your kids are perfect, if you have any
Ive had insurance for all but the last 2 of my 48 years. Used it 3 times. Insurance is insurance it should be affordable. It was once before
It should be single payer, imho  everyone deserves it. Just my thoughts
Is that how the dems did it?
yes it would be. But not until we rid ourselves of the Koch brothers, McConnell, Ryan and others who hold us all hostage to their interests.
Our pharmaceutical system needs fixed too. I hope that's part of the conversation. #BigPharma
I'm not sure enough senators know how to be bipartisan anymore. 
@SenFeinstein @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @dnc @thedemocrats @dscc @dccc @DemocraticAGs @DoD_IG @SRCC @SenateGOP @SenateRPC @DemPolicyComm @cnn
just because it works, it's much cheaper and almost everyone but the US does it, does not mean it's going to get support. I don't get it
Watched yr entire career. You know. If Dems don't deploy rally pt/campaign re GOP endgame this fight won't matter
Check out this interview abt #KochBros end game. These guys are a huge problem. http://amp.slate.com/articles/life/history/2017/06/james_mcgill_buchanan_s_terrifying_vision_of_society_is_the_intellectual.html …
You should have been doing that over the last 5-7 years.
#MedicareForAll will fix it for EVERYONE. Private ins. supplement for prvt hospital room etc. basic comprehensive health should be a right
why do so many hate the idea of everyone having health care? Do y'all really hate other people that much?
Amen. But the republicans have walked out on a limb and are sawing it off behind themselves. They're bound & determined to repeal & replace
Yes!  Please work together to help everyone get healthcare.
Mark -  you are absolutely correct!
Hear hear!!
The political game being played w/ healthcare is giving everyone unnecessary stress. Not good for people already battling illness.
That should have been the goal all along, that's only right thing to do.
Hey...I thought I had that idea first!!
Marky, no such thing as #Trumpcare   U morons still own OCare!  I agree with u.  Let's leave OCare alone and let it continue to implode!
You know Senator, we're not feeling a lot of bipartisan love in the room right now. Maybe when the Russian influence is extirpated.
Amen!
Only *fix* is universal healthcare, just like all other democracies (and some non-democracies!) around the world have already worked out.
too many who don't want one cent of their money paying for someone else, and too much money at the top. Someone benefits from this system...
You must be in love with Obama and the crap he created
Yasss!  Perfect solution.
Trump and McConnell HATE the word bipartisan. #idiots
Time 2 Address True Drivers of Health Care CO$T$:
Pharmecuticals MONOPOLY Pricing
&
AMA's Price Fixing RUC & RVS Committees
Legal Extortion
Now that just makes too much sense
Respectfully, no. That time was when the last president was there. But some put party before people.
McConnell said if they can't ram ACHA through he'll have to hold bipartisan talks. He said it like he'd have to eat his own dog 4 breakfast.
Senator Warner hasn't learned that the "bipartisan way" can't happen in an atmosphere of hate!
Do it!
What do you have in mind Senator...endless talk?
Mark, Dems need to introduce a bill. Offer an alternative that fixes ACA!
Why not just go universal healthcare and end this game?
@SenateMajLdr THis is great advice. Take it
@AP it is broken because government got involved more than they already were
Absolutely correct. Any way to implement?
Insure all Americans !
why didn't you do this for OC. It's failing. You're one of the Sen who got Americans this lousy OC. My prem inc 52% in two yrs.
Yes! Do it. Start getting it ready!!
Your party fixed this before and priced me out of the market. Stop fixing stuff for me.
There's too much emphasis on insurance and not enough on how to provide healthcare to everyone.
2/2 so important deserves hearings and bipartisan input. It deserves more than a simple majority support. #FixtheACA OR #MedicareForAll
Scrap the BS attempt to pass an unpopular bill by Reconciliation. This effects all Americans and a huge part of our economy. Something 1/2
AZZWHOLE WHERE YOU BEEN FOR 7 YEARS?  HYPOCRITES
Senator Warner - I believe you, the Democrats and moderate Republicans can put together a reasonable fix without destroying HC.
Yes but they plan to vote on it. Just saw some intel on it.
And, that would not be what @SenateMajLdr has in mind.
Really Mark? You are exempt from using Obamacare so its easy for you to say that. Ugh you libs! Scrap the trash called obamacare.
@SenateDems @MarkWarner But the libs don't care Lynette, that's the problem!
Why hasn't @POTUS @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP @SenateDems & pharmacy execs met w/Insurance industry exec & came up w/a plan F/USA
A week or so ago Congressional leaders were speaking on unity and civility. Here's your opportunity to show Americans
They did. It was called Obamacare. All the players had a hand in it.
Ocare is like any law in that it can be amended improved & passed for the benefit of all. I f/one feels that ins ind needs skin n the game
Big pharma two
I agree.  Please publish a Democratic FIX so Americans can see good governing. Better yet, fast forward to single payer NOW.
Sounds like democrats *do want be involved @SenateMajLdr @AdamKinzinger #IL16. You lied. Imagine that.
#medicareforall #publicoption #universalhealthcare Whatever you want to call it, let's stop playing the Rs game and fight for real change
Wishful thinking or real action????? Senate must decide for a nation about to be put at terrible risk for a long time.
Oh my goodness, YES! What a novel idea. That is what the majority of Americans have wanted. GOP, But it won't give the richest tax cuts.
The problem is with every prototype its just the prototype to be developed not ever a finished product so get to work and finish it!
U had 6 years to fix Obamacare...what happened?
So long as the premise begins with understanding that government is the problem and not the solution. Get government out of healthcare.
Amen!
The evil GOP will never work with you on healthcare. We need to full force take back the House and go for Medicare for all. #GOPShame
You lock my friends and me in a room with nothing but warm moscato. We will get this done. Quickly.
What a concept!
Please support single payer! Healthcare is a right!
Government schooled? Trouble reading? Get the Constitution audio book and have someone explain it to you.
Single-payer. Medicare for all.
Please research what California found when they flirted with single payer. Costs projected to be twice the State's annual budget.
Yes!
Yes, yes it would. If only the Republicans were open to that. That can only happen once we get big money and lobbyists out.
Yes y'all should be working together on healthcare 
Is it Schumer Warner or entire Dem party who lies/misrepresents healthcare proposal the most. Shameful how far they lie from what bill says
You promised us Obamacare would "fix our healthcare system." Did you lie?
Yes indeed it would be, to bad GOP will likely not take advantage of this opportunity.
Fix our healthcare system so everyone can have the same high-quality care that our vets get in VA hospitals? Is that what you have in mind?
So go for it, we must get our act together and do the right thing
@GOP needs 2 work w DEMS who wrote ACA 2 understand significance of its provisions & work 2 IMPROVE LIFE 4 people instead of Corporations
You mean scrap OBAMACARE
It might be if gop weren't a bunch of criminals trying to destroy the u.s. these guys are into more criminal stuff besides just treason.
Very same with treasonous, espionage criminal hillary. Oh wait.  Maybe not, since she's a democrat. Nevermind. Ps. What's the other c stuff?
The only part of our healthcare that is broken is the part that came from government regulation. You broke it. Fix by staying out.
Timely Senator! If the R Senators stay in DC to continue their work over the holiday recess, will you too? Thank you. @Michael36776349
Exactly. Not just Republicans, America consists of both Dems & Repubs
Senator I hope by "fix our healthcare system" you mean that you are going to look at costs of care rather than just insurance coverage.
That would be nice. Would be a very welcome change
This would be true but the GOP have shown repeatedly that they do not want to fix our healthcare system! All they want is more $ for GOP!
thank you senator Warner!  You are doing your job to keep us safe from all enemies foreign and domestic. #HealthCareForAll
How about repeal Obamacare, allow insurance companies to sell across state lines and fix Medicaid and Medicare. Then get on to tax reform.
@StevenMWolfe3 thank you that is exactly what most Americans would like to hear from all republicans and democrats.
Pass that. Oh not the bill. I mean the weed ur smoking. Bipartisanship is as rare as a double rainbow from a unicorn's bum.
Brian, my rose colored glasses say nothing's impossible. Many @SenateGOP have publicly said they want to work with us. Never say never...
Agreed. But have u been able to identify an incentive for them?
Hopefully their seats. I'm too cynical to say hearts or for us. 
I realize @GOP has their backs monetarily, but I do think calls are working
Agreed- It's insane to keep changing our national health care policies based on the party in power.  We need something everyone can agree on
It's called the "free market".
You're about eight years too late.
Just don't let them do a "West Wing" on you and call for a vote after the Dems have left D.C.  #TrumpCareKills
This is not a healthcare care bill! If it was they wouldn't have to pass it through reconciliation. It's just a typical GOP redistribution
absolutely right. SO OBVIOUS too.
Great idea! Good luck!
Get together and scrap ACA. Work on the cost of health care, not insurance. Don't want gov't control of my insurance.
Medicare and Medicaid are government insurance. Basic only; you purchase your medigap 4 the bells and whistles
Have fun meeting with president at 4:0
You have been very clear you dont want to fix anything and you made it clear when you voted to pass obama care.
The dem party has no plans to help the american people I sure hope anyone who votes democratic will wake up and see how this party
Has no idea what we need as they are working on the hollywood ideas. We have a dog catcher in our area who will be better for us than you
I will work hard to seem him elected and get yoi the heck out of office. You sucked as gov and you suck now
Obamacare is tanking. We don't need or want socialized medicine. We are not Europe. Bring back free markets and get rid of govt mandates!
ABSOLUTELY!  The time for partisan B.S. is long past... anyone not willing to find REAL solutions to healthcare morass needs to be voted out
Dems never did it. Ywould the Republicans?  If you're a lib, everything you do, lying (..keep your doctor) is ok.  If Rep, always wrong.
Time for @RepComstock to step up with some ideas instead of whining about Obama and doing nothing. #VA10
She's clueless. Voted six times for repeal without ANY plan. No defense for that hence the lack of town halls.
Single payer. Get the damn for profit insurance and pharmaceutical companies out of this
Thank you, Senator @MarkWarner!
That would require the @GOP to remember their patriotic responsibilities are to the average citizen and not to the Koch Brothers and Putin.
Soros? Criminal-hillary's russkieUranium Deal=rubles-to-corrupt-clinton foundation? Is your nickname 'Ostrich?' Love munching on sand?
