Trump on Charlottesville: "I think there's blame on both sides, and I have no doubt about it, & you don't have any doubt about it either." 
You can take a moment, senator, but there need to be both words and actions. This cannot go unchallenged.
This is not true. Nazis instigated everything. We didn't want this; we didn't ask for it. Our city was assaulted by Nazi thugs.
If antifa doesn't show up, everybody goes home happy and healthy. That's the actual truth.
Who brought ARs, bats, glocks, wore masks and helmets?
Antifa,  but for the AR's. No one carrying was arrested or at this point even accused. Now, what do I win?
Who  goes to a civil protest armed for combat? Innocents?
These guy, apparently:

https://twitter.com/BlackPilledPete/status/897876710955388930 …
How about them? And many more lookalikes.
Do something, please. He's radicalizing left and right. Things are getting dangerous.
You are part of the problem.
Wow I did Nazi see that coming
Name calling only makes thing worse. Get over the hatred it isn't healthy
In the wake of Charlottesville, if you identify as a white nationalist, you have thrown your lot in with Nazis. That's on you, not me.
You CAN identify as a nationalist but not because of the color of your skin... You are adding the "white" part...
And now? Any condemnation for the terrorist group known as #Antifa? The militant arm of the Democrat party? #SilenceIsConsent
#GameOnVa
how about "i regret calling his comments presidential.  this person is clearly a nazi sympathizer and americans need to act accordingly."
That's just Sorry.
I expect more from my senator, Senator.
Sharper Words or Sharper sWords
I'm no fan, but Trump is right.  Antifa worship a failed genocidal ideology, just like the fascists.  Both need to be condemned.
Great because POTUS is correct!  Who thinks bringing a baseball bat to a rally is a good thing?  Antifa does.  Senator you are clueless.
Who turns up to a rally combat-ready? Trump supporters do.
Yep they have that right.  If you don't understand our Rights than u are a fool!
If you refer to the 2nd amendment then they had the right too bear baseball bats as arms too.
I am not an American citizen but I felt bad having to watch d man with semi fried orange hair babble on what is not right about the USA
How is the benefit of the doubt working for you, Sen. Warner? Many Nazis are really nice young men.
You should find the words. Your inability to remove your partisan glasses has allowed Antifa to become the largest domestic terror grp in US
There must be something the Senate can do now that we know Nazis have control of the White House
Will you people in D C do something to remove this impediment please!
Yes, no words.
this is a man who thinks everybody loves him; and is furious that anybody thinks they don't.
Thank you for your leadership in these difficult times. @realDonaldTrump is incompetent and lacks a moral compass. He should be #IMPEACH ed.
He is exactly right maybe if you weren't so partisan you could see it.
You are a embarrassment to our state.
No, because you can't speak the truth.  BLM just as responsible for riot as alt-right who had a permit.  Get your facts straight.
STOP THE BS ALREADY! It's clear 2the average citizen what this @POTUS is saying! He clearly condemned the riots @GovernorVA ALLOWED! STOP IT
Telling us what we know and think takes it all one step beyond.
@POTUS I can tell you this, people who came to C'ville with helmets, shields, weapons ranging from ARs to clubs did not have peaceful intent
Trump condemned all of the violence, including that coming from white supremacists!Antifa and BLM were there too!
I have one, racist
#MarkWarner your #democRATic party is the party of slavery & #antifa, just look at Tim Kaine's son!
Obviously, you didn't watch the George Soros hate groups that he BUSSED out to Charlottesville to ignite hate and violence.
Thank God, cuz I'm ready to hammer the stupidity that flows from your c*cksucker
THAT'S BECAUSE YOU ARE THE PROBLEM.  YOU CAUSED THIS BECAUSE OF YOUR HATRED OF THE PRESIDENT.
Do you know regret calling this man "Presidential" just the day before after he read a TelePrompTer? We hope so.
About that "slippery slope ... "
Is the @GOP just that blind or are they too scared to stand up for what is just? I'm so baffled by this. :( TY for speaking out.
Seems they are afraid of losing votes and money. It is what drives them. Not love or doing what is best.
:( I don't want it to be true, but it probably is.
Sure seems that way. And even family I love have become that way. I feel lost.
Please help us! The people of Cville are under attack, and president is on the side of the attackers. Help us! #Impeach #Charlottesville
I told you he was going to do something. This Hitler wanna be MUST be removed before he destroys us all.  #25thAmendmentNow
@MarkWarner How about there is no place in the USA for ANY group that wants to take to the streets to spread hate and violence.
You need to continue to speak out @MarkWarner .  People of good will must not remain silent in the face of evil.  #Charolettesville
if you are going to run for POTUS you better try harder than this!
impeach him and his racist cronies!!!
Here are some words for this: "Articles of impeachment" #ImpeachTrumpNow
Feel Free To Use My Words #TrumpLovesNazis #TrumpNaziSympathizer #TrumpWhiteTrash
He's evil. What are you and your fellow congress reps going to do about him?!
Warner, the fact you have no words is o.k. You're usually a babbling fu*k anyway, so, we understand.
@CBSNews no words,  Senator? Than step aside &  let someone w/ words & desire to stop POTUS take your place. Or find the words.
Right now, Senator. We Virginians need your words, in Congress, to get this man out of office. He's psychologically unfit.

None needed.
Antifa are attacking people and have been since Trump ran. You may not like someone, but you can't attack them physically for their ideas.
No words, eh? That's why Trump won in the first place, bozo.
No words? I've got them 4 U: strong,fearless,wisdom,fair, passionate,skilled,steady, tireless, compassionate,kind,authentic,rare@POTUS 
An angry man
So what are you going to do about it? Impeach. Censure. Something.
Please, as a Virginian, say more words. This is not OK. Get those statues down, please.
I have three:
He. Must. Resign.
This cannot go unchallenged.
#IMPEACHTRUMP
There is blame to go around on both sides Senator. You're just too cowardly to call out the alt-left groups. At he denounced the alt-right
Agreed....
I truly don't believe our Country will stay intact if we endure  3 1/2 more years of this.  What can we do?
I have one word.  

Impeach.
No words indeed, Mark.  It can only get better, and has to get better.
Please find the words Senator.  Our country needs to be rid of this dangerous man
#thankGod

I have words...ashamed you're my senator...
Right...NO WORDS. W/O demanding he go, u&your fellow senators r only words. Never thought I'd live 2 c a day when a Prez cld get away w this
No words because Pres Trump spoke the truth
One word:    impeachment
Why won't you disavow Democrat Terrorists?
Senator, you are a fraud. And a divider. You have no business being in the senate. #Virginia is burning bc of your party - period.
Notmypresident he's unfit to serve  please begin impeachment hearings in 2018 and take back our country in senate and congress
Of course not. Your communist allies arrived to cause violence you Democrats support.
I have no doubts. Those protester went there to preach racism and hatred. They had an agenda and our President just reinforced their message
#AntifaTerroristOrganization 
#AntifaTerrorists
And he thinks he'll to do another 4 year?
Try something you're not used to:  true
I have a few words BLM and antifa wearing mask with back packs and helmets cubs milk for pepper spray organized terror cells! Look at CL ads
you have the power to do something about this. Do something
I have a word for you. #ImpeachTrump Well, that's two words.
Here's a word: Impeachment
How about being a United States Senator and not a partisan hack...he was right and you know it..
Finally!!! Most to your words are kind of useless
It must really silence you crooks, how honest he is.  Destroys your phony narrative in seconds. Trump2020!
It's called being man enough to say what really is.
Not a bullshitter that you will always be.
Truth to Power. Our @POTUS needed to balance the false narrative. Alt Left cannot be overlooked. Good on him.
Puppet of Putin and hate groups/fascists @realDonaldTrump has no place in office.
one word IMPEACH
No words from you would be a welcome relief. You are irrelevant.
When are we impeaching?  We are truly getting to a point of civil war AGAIN
Words you need, "I demand that Bannon, Miller, Gorka be fired." No Nazis in the WH. In 2020 we toss Trump.
Two words: Impeach Trump.
#ImpeachNAZITrumpNOW!
Words. Vote you out.
Finally! #TRUMP
Beyond belief.
Google the word "impeach" then make it happen.
I've got no words to describe the #AwanBrothers scandal, or the dirty Ukrainian money filtering through the Dems.
well, you should have watched live TV and saw BOTH groups being violent & wearing masks, carrying bats/sticks beating anyone...
Well do something!!
I have plenty of doubt about it!
sad, sad day when the President encourages hatred and violence
Yeah that about sums it up. If you try you will end up rambling and rocking back and forth in a corner
Trump is destroying our country! Trump must be IMPEACHED!!
If you want to stay out of the bar room fight, stay out of the bar. The Gov told people to stay away. Assume responsibility people.
U have the ability to get the Russian Nazi out of office. Our country needs u to stand up and get rid of him. Country over party
Here's a word for you: impeach
No words, no action - what is it you do exactly?  Oh right, you represent and speak for VA... Glad Patrick Henry, TJ, Washington had words.
soooo, YOU don't blame the leftists at all??  They were the ones who were violent there! We saw it on tv. Traitor!
Senator, what do you think of the racist history of the Democrat Party?
Great news!  Let's keep it that way until you're out of the senate.  BTW , why did Charlottesville cops stand down and allow this carnage?
I got some words for you Warner "you are in your last term and will be voted out."
Oh, I have all the doubt in the world. One side and it wasn't the jackasses "Heil Trump"ing while giving the Nazi salute
Never give 45 "the benefit of the doubt". You are smarter than this.
We the people have "no words" either thank you Congressman Warner
No, your words should be "We need to invoke the 25th amendment. This man is unfit to be President of the United States."
"I Demand Donald Trump Resign his Presidency"
That's ok, considering anything you do say will be bullshit, anyway.
That sums him up
As well as BLM and Antifa sponsored by your benefactor George Soros. Being bussed in to do battle does not make them innocent.
The man has no moral compass. Only insatiable ego
Can you request all the VA House Reps call & vote on impeaching this racist in our highest office? Can you find those words? #Impeach45
Good because it is clearly time for action and #impeachment . #Impeach45 #ImpeachTrump #TrumpsAmerikkka is not my #America #TrumpTreason
No words ... but a 1000 pictures ...
#AlternativeFacts
#FakeNews
I've got words: #IMPEACHMENTNOW
Right, no words. But it's time for actions. DO SOMETHING. You're in Congress, we are not. Don't just Tweet @ us, act to remove him.
You've had 3 hours now. Have you found your words yet?
Sir, we need some words from you on this.
@CBSNews One word - impeachment - or 25th Admendment - get this psychopath out of the White House !!!!
Take away LeeJackson day too sir.. what does this say about the Commonwealth of VA? Hmmm
Here is picture no need for words
Yesterday, after his forced speech, when you said he was presidential I had no words!!
Well Donald J Trump had more than a few words, he was rocking his grade 5 vocabulary...
Please realize this is who Trump is. He'll never be presidential, he is a disgrace.
Time for impeachment hearings Mark. Trump is mentally &morally unfit to discharge Potus duties. No excuses! Time for GOP to snap out of it!
Really try one word ! How about Bullshit?
Here's one: IMPEACH. No more tweets, statements. Enough. WE. HAVE. HAD. IT. @GOP & @TheDemocrats must #ImpeachTrump ASAP.
I have words: there is BLAME in the Oval Office.
We need words now, Mark. Loud, clear, and strong ones!
There are words...#impeachTrump
You need to get Trump impeached. He's a white supremacist, and he wants to turn our nation all-white.
Use emojis!
How about some Congressional actions then?
Hey Mark Warner, the constitution secures rights for all citizens. Wrong is wrong, violence is violence whether from the right, or left.
Here's a word, unite stand behind our Pres. as we did O. Get the government working for Americans not for politicians.
You're right.  Time for words is over.  It's time for D's AND Rs to take ACTION against this racist and take him out of public office!!
please find some words against that man.  You are a US Senator.
So what's your next move, Senator
We need words though. What's the plan?
Try to find some words, sir. Try to find something that says, "Get out of office. Now."
Keep it that way.
Time for something to be done.  There are no "good" Nazis.
"No words" How about speaking up against ALL the violence? If you support Antifa then YOU are part of the problem! Stop the Hate! Stop Soros
"impeachment" is a word. so are "lock" & "his" & "whole" & "administration" & "up".
Come up with some!  The U.S. needs leadership!
But didn't you call him presidential Monday?!?
I have 2: IMPEACH. NOW
Simply deplorable!!
Time our legislators get this vile person out of office. Natiz groups. White Supremacist is not our Country. Disgrace to True Americans
Good. Keep it that way, and let our President do his job. You dont have to like his speech, but it was fair and true.
We are reaping the spoiled fruit of our failed system of public education. With you all the way, Cynthia E.!
I'm trying to help my granddaughter with homework. Have you seen this common core math? It's a joke! These poor kids.
Haven't seen any Common Core curriculum. I am quite worried about a virtually total lack of civics and U.S. History classes.
Uncle touchy Mark Wiener continues to show his bigotry and ignorance on a regular basis!!
Which is worse, the fact he said this or the fact he sees nothing wrong with what he said?
Agree we just really need Congress or Mueller to take some significant actions soon.
@wtf_imtooold @CBSNews Totally get it, but we really need you to have some words right now!
I'm with you, Senator. But we've all got to figure out words - and actions! - to escape these perilous times we're in.
I've complained since Nov about white supremacists in the WH - Bannon, Miller, Gorka - and possible Russian agents. Now Trump is explicit,
and some how, some way, this administration must be REMOVED, for I fear we cannot survive this until 2020.  Please sir - help!  #VA /x
Here's a word #IMPEACH
How about starting with the word "impeachment?"
If u don't like it here in America then we will be happy to help u pack up and leave.  U r part of the problem with ur hate and we see it.
Well you'd better find some.  Silence = consent.
I have one - impeach
I've got one word: IMPEACH.

In order to remove all references to the horrors of white supremacy you'll have to also eliminate the Democrat Party. #CityHallSelfie
Please... I am sick to my stomach.  Make him go away now.
