Why don't you ask Obama? It happened on his watch.
Can we treat election systems as essential government services and have more security?
Mark Warner- you're one of our only hopes. Keep digging for the truth. I know you won't sell our country to the ruskies. Thank you!
Mark would sell his family for a chance to lick Putin's nipples.
Look at all the states he won by 1%.  Very unusual that more than 1 or 2 states were just bumped up enough by 1% to win the states.
Mark, explain how the adminstration may know which state election was targeted by Russia. Whats your statment foundation?
Thank you, Sen. Warner. PLEASE keep up the pressure. This is unacceptable.
Agreed - American public should know (is entitled to know!), which st. election systems were targeted. 
Thank you 4 your work, Sen. Warner
I don't understand statement no votes were changed.I witnessed a man being turned away. Voted in primary, was not on the list.That's a vote!
We need to know which states to better understand how it all worked....how it was coordinated, so we're ready for the next elections.
Typical Democrat " without sound logic "
Lemme guess...MI, WI, PA, FL, NC were on the list. He had to have at least 3 of them to win. I think he got them all. VT was also in play.
I forgot OH. GA just in case. & he'd want NM, CO for western insurance. That's 10. Who else could be on it? States w/ close senate races?
I have a feeling the list includes these states:
here's a map of voting problems on election day from the @MotherJones article. No surprise that there were problems in every swing state. 
Concerning: what if these are all states he won?
voting machines:not so good idea. $/time/energy focused on checking vendors/update "security".get rid of it.paper voting OK.slower but safer
I'm willing to bet they were targeting a few key districts in a few swing states, like the ones where everyone was surprised Hillary lost.
Targeted how?  Need thorough investigation of voting machines.
It might be more subtle than voting machines. It would be nice to know exactly what happened.
Agree there was much indirect manipulation. But also possible machines were hacked--need to know.
The worse news was that some states refused the DHS help. Would love to know which states said, "Nah. We got this," after being targeted.
Why?  DNC said the same thing about their servers, but the only people who seem to care are Republican.  Why is that?
Targeted-but were they successful or is that a secret too Senator? Please keep digging for us-appreciate all you do & how you do it.
Trying to understand why this election and all POTUS actions since are valid.
Hillary is evil and so are you
Because there is no proof it happened.  Time to show your evidence.  We no longer live in a society that accepts talk without proof.
Why didn't the DNC let FBI & Homeland Security examine the DNC's Hacked Server to aid the investigation& why is Sen Warner covering it up?
That would be making a list of our soft targets and hand delivering it to the bad guys!!!  Are you kidding?  Please apply reason!!!
DHS must work double time with state and local election boards to harden registration and tabulation systems to guard against future attacks
I live in Duluth MN.  Received letter from our city hall last summer re our voter registrations were hacked in Feb or so.  FYI.
And?  Did it ask you to vote Trump?  Did it ask you to do anything at all?  Did it ask if you are Dem and to not vote?
Subpoena subpoena subpoena!
Prob all the ones Trump won.
Thank you Sir. It's a shame I must rely on someone several states away.
GET Full disclosure! We have a RIGHT to know exactly how & where Russia meddled & if results have been compromised or not!  #dowhat'sright
Hillary sold uranium to the Russians. Make yourself useful and investigate that. Oh wait you won't because she is a democrat. GROW UP!
They don't want to admit that Russian hacking targeted key states that turned the election to favor @realdonaldtrump
@WhiteHouse: @DHSgov defend the U.S., not taxbase ponzi scheming career criminal obstructionists like @TheDemocrats
which President Obama said he did not, than you have no way of telling where the hack came from. You are selling false hope/fake news.
You made a complete fool of your self on CNN. f a voting system is not connected to the internet,which they are not it cant be hacked.
They don't want us to Rush the White House and pull that bloated imposter out of there!
Oh but we Virginians will make sure your ballots are counted correctly when we vote you out of there. Do some real work for your state!
@SenatorBurr Did you see this senators? Treasonous CROOKS! 
 
https://twitter.com/maltaplication/status/877716001856536577 …
They also targeted republican voters for 2 weeks before anyone found the hack and then all of a sudden handel  leads ossoff when he had 10%
What did they hack into?
It is definitely unacceptable! What is going to be done about it?
Exactly! I can't find what state's were targeted, other than Illinois. I want to know if my state was a target!
It's Trumpistan and they don't care
Did they mess in any of yesterday's special elections???
#Trump is covering for #Putin and all his cronies in Russia. LOCK HIM UP!!!!
It was Virginia. Putin has a townhouse in Richmond.
There is no way to prove that Russians were not able to change the vote count -- they walked into our systems easily and we still don't know
Except the same people you believe about Russia without proof have all said not a single vote was changed.  Do you trust them or not?
Unfortunately does anyone believe that this president is above knowingly allowing Russians to aid his election bid at cost of our democracy?
Ask @BarackObama. Pretty sure the previous administration had an idea. At least I think that's what you were told today. #RussianHacking
And odd that FBI, CIA and NSA joint report said nothing about any targeting of states election systems, at least not in declassified report
Your the intelligence committee?
Gee, it's a mystery
Senator Warner, AAARRGGGHHH !! LOL
When was this? 
Did I miss an intel hearing?
By"administration" do you mean the White House ? Trump ? Who is withholding this information ? And why ? What can be done to release it ?
So,Americans can't know what states,districts,whether voters were added or deleted, how voter info was manipulated, & if votes were changed?
Trump's refusing to release that info because it will show voter suppression through strategically disabled systems, uncounted votes, etc.
is that all you can be is negative. Why not work with this adm to help USA move ahead.
The information is on Hillary's secret server
Trump using voter info to use against his detractors. If hacker took info it would be criminal offense.
President Obama knew and did nothing....where was the outrage then?
Isn't it funny  how we think we live in a Democracy
Michigan is one of them
This shit just goes on and on and on! There is no justice in American politics!
TRUMP HAS ALL THE EVIDENCE HE NEEDS TO PROVE OBAMA&CLINTON MADE UP THE WHOLE RUSSIA HACKING LIE& SO MANY OF YOU ARE GOING TO PRISON 4 LIFE!
The administration itself is unacceptable, @MarkWarner . Full of traitors, gangsters, and thieves.
Please demand a #ForensicCodeAudit of all machines & tabulation servers with data trails. Starting in swing states.
Yes, please like my state, which completely flipped!
KEEP TALKING EVERYTIME YOU OPEN YOUR MOUTH THE DEEPER YOU FALL YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT"S GOING TO HAPPEN TO ALL OF U INVOLVED IN RUSSIA LIE!!!
Ruled by Republicans who love Trump who loves Russia, lying, Cheating, Money, Insulting, a Fraud, Trumps Republican Base is Ruling America !
Why is that? That doesn't seem right at all.
U R ABOUT 2 HAVE YOUR ASS HANDED TO U! MIKE POMPEO GAVE TRUMP ALL THE EVIDENCE HE NEEDS TO PROVE RUSSIA DIDN'T HACK DNC. PRISON 4 A LOT OF U
TY Senator but millions of us *want* to re-litigate 2016!!  We were robbed on the local, state, and presidential levels!! 
#SaveOurCountry
HE WARNER TRUMP HAS THE EVIDENCE THAT RUSSIA DID NOT HACK THE DNC&THAT IT WAS SETH RICH WHO LEAKED THE PODESTA EMAILS TO WIKILEAKS SO SHUTUP
I would think the IC would have that info. Are they refusing to give it?
I would think they could subpoena it from whomever has it. How can the administration hide this info?
Time for us to go to ACLU to get information.
We need to know, everyone, so we can all do are part to prevent this, and restore confidence in our election process.
What are the odds Herr Trump won all 21?
100:1
So worried about elections then tell your lying governor to allow voter rolls to be investigated and fixed! DO THAT!!!
You have an obligation as an American to tell us the truth, Mark.
He is not the liar 
We need to know if voters were dropped from the rolls, senator. We need independent oversight, paper ballots and to maintain a paper trail.
The Administration can't handle the fact that it would invalidate Donald's illegitimate presidency even further.
Well it's obvious to me that the states with most electoral votes were targeted
#WatergateWithRussianDressing

And they also didn't have one shred of evidence of any of it. Just more "gut feelings." I'm beginning to think Russia is being framed!
How is the WH getting away with all this evil? Dems you are too nice. Can you imagine if this was the last administration?
Everything about this administration is unacceptable. Something new on a daily basis.
Thank you Mr. Warner! You do so much. Thank you. @Michael36776349
I am so grateful for all of the investigation that you've done into hillary's uranium deals with the Russians and the DNC blocking Sanders!!
America needs laws against this. Americans have a right to know! I will
It is unbelievable. All assurances given no voter outcome affected. How definite is it? How sophisticated is Russian targeting? #digdeeper
Voting machines & tabulation serves are easily hackable remotely. No way Putin leaves out the easiest part-it gives him FULL GOP CONTROL. 1/
yeah it seems like the bleeding obvious - yet no-one wants to go there
We need to force them.
Thank you for pushing this issue!
Shouldn't the Senate Intel Committee subpoena that information?
If there isn't major action to secure election process, it will never be trusted again. The public atmosphere will be more angry& violent.
In short, if you & your cologues don't jump on this problem, you will all need bullet proof vests, or, we all will need bullet proof vests.
Evidence? You know that stuff that make you not look stupid. What about your ties to Russia? Afraid to tell them the truth talking head?
Yes....
What do we do when our politicians fail us?

Yeah, that didn't work out too well for the guy at the baseball practice!  I can't advocate violence when other avenues are available.
No one is calling for violent revolution except #AntiFA
Guessing there is suspicious overlap with districts that swung to the @GOP and this is why they won't tell the truth. DC=banana republic.
Get 'me Mark! Tired of this useless administration. Haven't even tried to investigate Russia election hack attempts.
my money is on the rustbelt.
