“We want to know what happened in 2016 but we also want to be prepared for when the Russians will be back in 2018," Sen. @MarkWarner on #MTP
Please Support Regulated Online Poker!  Oppose all Federal & State Poker Bans!  Prohibition of Regulated Online Poker is a Failed Policy!!!
With so many pressing concerns, why are you trying to tie up Congress & the DoJ with your push to shut down state-licensed #poker websites?
Please support regulated online poker.
You should be supporting State licensed and regulated online poker instead of a Federal ban. A ban written to crush Adelson's competition.
@MeetThePress  Why does Jared Kushner still have security clearance??
Quit trying to infringe on states right to license and regulate online #poker.
It all started with Obama, Senator. The longer you keep your head in the sand the stupider you will look. Start at the beginning when Obama
In America we should embrace TEXAS Hold'em, not try to ban it. Banning  it will only help the black market thrive; how is that a good thing?
Please drop your support for a ban of online poker. We need a regulated and legal online poker, not a ban.
Russians are already here,  Trump family invited them in #resist #TrumpLies @MAGA
I just hope that Mr. mueller is or Will be also investigating @SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr they are Trump's&Putun's enablers
2) Making iPoker/gambling fully legal in the US stops black market offshore sites from doing business in the US...at no expense to taxpayers
Please reconsider your push for a federal ban of online poker. Your stance is anti-state's rights and ursups the 10th Amendment.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/world/wp/2017/07/18/trump-and-putin-had-a-previously-undisclosed-hour-long-meeting-at-the-group-of-20-summit-in-germany/ …
Deal with the big issues and let Americans be free to play online poker if they so choose. Drop support for a federal ipoker ban please.
Online gaming Legalize Regulate Tax TODAY. And muh Russia.
State-licensed poker sites have been running for years. @RepCharlieDent & you have yet to offer any evidence of any problems. #NoPokerBan
gave the whole world carte blanche to all public information, 17 agencies it was reported. Just have NYT come and testify they seem to have
Please support online poker
are Russians are trying to usurp our constitutional rights and freedom to play online poker by using US senators to get a federal ban?
Please drop your support of a national online poker ban, players need protections of legal regulated sites! Bans only help the black market!
Is it because the Democratic party in bed with Russia?

Funny the Democrats didn't worry about Russia getting our Uranium. And funny the FBI couldn't look at the DNC server. Who are protecting
Are you working with Russia? To keep a false story alive. Maybe you need to be investigated
all the flipping answers!! Schumer wants you to drag this out so he can have a 2year holiday on the tax payer's dollar, bring Hillary!!
Why don't we deal with what we have found out from Comey under oath! Bring them in, get some charges forward and Deal with these crimes.
HYPOCRITE DEMOCRAP
Israel Lobby lackey @MarkWarner won't mention Israel's dirty little secret of influencing US elections: http://www.unz.com/pgiraldi/israels-dirty-little-secret/ … #russiagate
Of course the Intel Committee must continue its investigation! Is that even a question? We are waiting for RESULTS!
Can President Trump's Secretary Rhona be subpoena'd  to testify what she knows on Collusion, meetings, Emails with Russian agents under oath
Yeah, she did a smash up job before didn't she??? Anyways, Start with the 17 agencies and Obama administration. Poor Trump didn't have clue.
The Russians might be back with Clinton and Obama around. Keep your eye on them so you can act like your doing something
1) With all due respect, you are wrong about iPoker/Gambling! Please look to NV NJ & DE for daily proof that iPoker is safe for consumers.
Please drop your support for a nationwide Internet poker ban. It's anti-Tenth Amendment & anti-liberty. Poker Players Vote!
Please support online poker
Yr only goal is to stretch this farce out to impact 2018 election. That'said why u & Dem buddies are political hacks!! No regard for facts!
agree w the #poker tweets! Online poker = great way for states to raise revenue & provide consumer protection! #Fight4Poker
Please support regulated online poker.
State-licensed poker sites have been running for years. @RepCharlieDent & you have yet to offer any evidence of any problems. #NoPokerBan
Vladscam!!
You are playing "Gotcha" while folks R left with a piece of crap healthcare sys. You jerks put in place. Get your priorities straight!!!
State-licensed poker sites have been running for years. @RepCharlieDent & you have yet to offer any evidence of any problems. #NoPokerBan
Your wasting taxpayer money and getting nothing done!
With so many pressing concerns, why are you trying to tie up Congress & the DoJ with your push to shut down state-licensed #poker websites?
Question: did Jared Kushner INTEGRATE any Russian black "big data" into the Trump digital marketing campaign?
Dems are ignoring the needs of the American people because of Russia investigation. We are sick of it and you will lose in 2018
How about addressing the Clinton emails? You want tweets and emails then start there! Double standards
What happened on investigation into Hillary's emails.oh that's right NOTHING BECAUSE THERE WERE NONE!!! You're such a hypocrite!
Dumbocrats, listen.  You lost!  Quit whining and move on with business of the USA.  Investigate HRC if you need someone to prosecute!
Really Virginia? this is the best you could do?
Is there a single tax dollar that has not been wasted yet. I'm sure you will find it if there is!
. AP: US to create independent military cyber command.  Tell 'em to HURRY.  Our America is WAY behind ! ! !
Russia NEVER Left Senator! When is everyone going to wake up to that fact?
That's what GOP wants. Only way they can hold onto seats at this point.
Russia will not be "back". They never left.
and we want all paper ballots with tabulating machines IN EVERY STATE that can be audited before and after vote counting!  KEEP RUSSIA OUT
Ukraine???
The only obstruction is what the dems are doing to Trumos cabinet.  Get the business va wants done - DONE!  No russia
Keep up the efforts to protect our democracy.

"In the @whitehouse the Russians come and go,
Laughing about the overthrow." #poetry 
Say, Mark, when did you and the rest of the left realize Russia was an enemy? When you needed a scapegoat for losing the election?
What if Trump & Pence are found guilty who will be President? Will there be another election or What ??????????????????????????????????????
Meanwhile, republican spokesmen just today saying not at war with Russia, and Russians are good people, just like us.
Back? They aren't gone!
Hillary Clinton colluding with http://Russia.Work  on that.made million dollar deals.not Trump .
Russians Russian Russian .democrats have nothing for the people except their raising our taxes.
The Senate Intel Comm must subpoena the Secret Service and agents assigned to Trump on June 9, 2016 to determine if Trump was at mtg w/Jr.
@GOP was #Complicit Do they care? https://twitter.com/grant_wiant/status/879197594982809600 …
Y dont U put some effort into the crimes committed by UR party, billions 2 Iran,gun running 2 Mexico,IRS weapon agnst conserv.,Benghazi,etc.
.,.,.
http://shivabalayogi.org/ 
Then finish DT Jr, go 2 Ukraine connection & finally Uranium1 deal. These r connected? Care about country & justice? Do it, then.
#FusionGPS
Keep drinking warners koolaid russia is doing nothing more than they always have done. Keep wasting tax payers money on bs
Dont worry warner we will get all illegals in Va to vote republican this time and get you and kaines lying butts out of Va
They never left.
Paper ballots without hanging chads.
Seems to me, Russia hasn't  left.
It is your jobs to deal with election meddling! Youve ignored it until now! It happens every election! Leave our POTUS alone to MAGA!dimwit
Please keep speaking up Sen. Warner. The GOP no longer values our democracy and seems content to be supine when it comes to Putin and the WH
Are the Russians GONE?  NO ONE knows anything.  THAT'S the problem!!!!!
You R wasting good $ on a phony political investigation to try and get The President! No doubt the Ruskys tried to hack but B honest abt it!
Spoiler alert:  they will be back to support the GOP, for that is where their assets reside.
Why are u even in the senate if you're not going to do what we elected u to do.  Be a man.  What are u afraid of.  Do nothing and you're our
Please go to work! Stop the silly stuff! We the American people are VERY wise to your motives! You're making us sicker than Obamacare!
Get to the bottom of all of this corruption.  Noone should get away with so much.  Our country's safety and honour is at stake.  Yes? No?
Trump's top Cmpn staff had meeting w/ Russian spies He has responsibility.  He was a private citizen.He micro-managed every detail of campgn
U can always start by updating gov data banks with the latest proven technology instead of playing blame wars
I want to know how Virginia will be protected in 2017.
Making us proud in VA Senator Warner!
We want to know about the Clinton Russia connection, the Lynch/Clinton meeting. Rice and Comey leaking classified docs. REAL corruption!
AMAZINGLY IGNORANT.  SURPRISE, CLENTON IS NOT PRESIDENT!
They never left.
Stop the witch hunt @MarkWarner  how bout looking into the Clinton Russia connection or try passing some laws u need govern this nation
REMEMBER YOU AND THOSE LIKE YOU ARE TO BLAME!
YOU,ADAM SCHIFF&JOHN MCCAIN ARE SO SCREWED! TRUMP HAS SO MUCH EVIDENCE ON YOU GUYS WORKING W/OBAMA,COMEY,MCCABE,ECT!YOUR GOING TO PRISON!!!!
OBAMA&CLINTON MADE UP THE WHOLE RUSSIA LIE&PROMISED BRENNAN,COMEY,CLAPPER&ROGERS THEIR JOB&MONEYTO GO ALONG W/IT&TRUMP HAS THE EVIDENCE!
Intel committee? Dont take a rocket scientist to see what's really going on.  Absolutely ZERO credibility.
AMAZINGLY IGNORANT, REMEMBER YOU ARE TO BLAME FOR WHAT HAPPENS!
Thanks for your diligence - I'm glad you represent VA. How does Kushner still have security clearance, and a job?! Please explain.
If you want to know, ask Lynch, Comey, Clinton, Podesta, and Obama. The last one only heard about it on the news though.
With respect Senator, I have lost count of the many reasons why your committee needs 2 get on with it... so, yes, please continue 
You need to be drug tested. Between you and 
@timkaine, you make Virginians all look nuts & we're not ALL nuts.
AMAZING, REMEMBER YOU AND THE OTHER TRUMP NUT ARE TO BLAME FOR WHAT HAPPENS!
Yes, we're to blame for a thriving economy, destroying ISIS, fixing all of the problems Obama created, fixing healthcare, protecting borders
I want to have faith in our election process. Right now I am skeptical about the validity of the 2016 election and future elections.
Get some real work done and drop the witch hunt. You all know this is a load of malarkey!!! Everyone is sick and tired of your obstruction.
AMZZINGLY IGNORANT!
They never left
C'mon. Russia is STILL here. As long as Jared has security clearance and collusion is acceptable. Enough already.
Did they ever leave?
...prevent our interfering in elections in other countries!
Amen
...but don't make it a witch hunt for Trump!  Also,  why not investigate Barry's interference in Isreal's last election and work to...
Keep the pressure on!! Good work!!!!!
Russia never left!
Apparently everyone, including Barry knew that Russia was trying to interfere in our election. Figure out how and prevent in the future...
Russia's here
Then do your work, but finish.  You jokers will be doing this for 10 years.  Make your case or move on!
I don't think Russia is gone.
If Pres can secretly give pardons to those you are interviewing for investigation, what motivates them to tell the truth? Has ? been asked?
The Russians are still here. Never left. We don't need to wait till 2018
Did they ever leave? I think not.
Then will you be voting "No" on Wray for FBI since he has Russian connections (that he had scrubbed from his site)?
I know what I want back.... our uranium
AMAZINGLY IGNORANT!

Only if the Dems let them in the country or allow them to hack. We don't need your help. Your dismal track record speakers for itself.
Appreciate that you are staying on this and making clear, strong statements @MarkWarner
AMAZINGLY IGNORANT!
Surely the intel community has surveillance tapes of trump jr Russian meeting.  I think America needs to hear them
Russia never left.
Trouble is, the GOP would like it to happen again, as many times as possible.
Yes . They will hack elections if we let them got away with this one know! !! May GOP accountable !! Keep pressing them !!!!!
Well, guess it is up to Dems because Trump is inviting Russians in. Heck, he is going to help them and hand us over! #TrumpTraitor
.@MarkWarner Have you ever thought that if Russia aided Trump in '16 election that they also did it in the pimaries?
This is why the Senate Intel Committee must continue its work. Russia will be back. https://twitter.com/meetthepress/status/886576015757242368 …
Russia hasn't left.... We've got your back. You need to have ours.
I can't wait for "anything we do badly must be a Russian plot" to come back.
Exactly!!!  Keep up the hard work!!
Thank you, Senator! You're a true Patriot and history will remember your service, sacrifice and courage.
You don't know what happened? Imagine that! No hard evidence? All a Dem lie? I bet you just amaze yourself. @SenateGOP
So what's the schedule of hearings? Any public? Are you doing anything in the committee? Or just wasting time until democracy dies?
I want to know if Vladimir Outin is running my country? How bout that?
Sen. Warner - as yr constituent, I implore U to do everything w/in yr power to revoke Jared Kushner's security clearance. He is compromised.
You deflect every question about what's going on. American people deserve to know. Looks a lot like nothing.  
YOU MUST HAVE GOTTEN THAT FROM FOX OR BRITBART.  INTELLIGENT AMERICA IN DIFFERENT!
Mark, you're starting to sound like the GOP. Blah blah blah and no action. Get the Intel committee moving!!! Shame burr if he won't comply!!
Liberal mindset 101.  Do what I want it I'll shame you till you do.  This is why people are finally pushing back.
Why do you think Trump wants voters names, affiliation, social security numbers and voting records ? So , Russia can deliver for him again
So we can make sure people are voting legally, once and only voting in 1 district.  It's called voting integrity.
That's why the Trumps are registered in multiple states.  Never heard of people voting twice. More talking points. and I'm a Republican
@MeetThePress We love you Mark, I'm hoping to be casted as you in the upcoming Trump Netflix original series, we r  all with you
What worries me is the GOP doesn't seem to be bothered by this whole mess! This shouldn't be happening in the America I love!
What bothers me is the democrats aren't worried about classified info leaks, lost emails, destroyed evidence and being spied on! #MAGA
Actually Donna we do. There can be two investigations. But haven't they already had 8 about Benghazi / Hillary's emails? $64mil spent on it.
Russia has a foothold now with the election hack. 

@MarkWarner your efforts are appreciated. You're making history and saving democracy.
No @MarkWarner isn't.  He is making a fool of himself and my state.  Prove the hack or shut up Mark.
Paper ballots, And for Americans,no more gerrymandering or crosscheck, and no more electoral college. The people should choose their Prez
Give me a Break. You want to continue because @EdWGillespie is closing on @RalphNortham in Virginia Governor Race. Mark, Ed will win. - T
He wants to continue because RU & @GOP have been busy betraying their country. You must be pretty screwed up to support pathological liars.
Russia never left.
The White House is knees deep in Russia and being blackmailed as we speak
Back. Did they go away?
Do you really think they ever stopped or left?
Exactly!  Stay on it!!!
