Don't let them punt changes down the road.! Thanks to Reagan I have to wait 2 more years to retire! Last thing I will need is bad Medicare!
Keep fighting Senator! Don't give up! They knock us down, get back UP. Persistence
That's a small percentage comparired to those that were devastated by Obamacare.  Repeal it once and for all.

#BREAKING: Report: Suspect in teen murder near Va. mosque was in MS-13, attacked woman week before: http://wjla.com/news/local/report-suspect-in-teen-murder-near-va-mosque-is-in-ms-13-attacked-woman-week-before … 
@ABC7News He is in prison for life. That's worse than dying.
Hasn't  been a trial yet
He isn't right in the head.  We can start by stop feeding crazy people with Fox fear mongering News.
No you need to visit the families of Obamacare and premium Sky High a card but no care
He diesnt want to visit anyone that will prove him wrong he would have to admit then that he helped screw you over.
Marky can u tell them I have to pay $8k out of pocket b4 insurance pays and I pay $800/month? Can u tell the libtards, OCare failed me?  Plz
Devastated? You don't think Virginians haven't been devastated by Obamacare?  Time to ditch the unaffordable care act, be part of solution
How were Virginians devastated?
The bill should never be called anything but Trumpcare, Thank you
I call it the American death care act. 
#ADCA
Thank you Senator, please keep fighting for the people of Virginia!!
Obama care hurt plenty of us in Virginia not a pep from you.
Thank you!
You are like a crack dealer speaking to your crack addicts. Buying more votes to seem like you care. Stop govt handouts
More voter fraud in Virginia. Dems caught again. I bet U only received handfull of votes People R not that stupid...even the dead ones.
Thank you for all of your hard work in DC! Proud of how you represent us in Virginia!
It will work if u text resist to 504-09
I have been getting confirmations with fax number +12022246920
Works for me. Fax may just be overwhelmed
#Trumpcare a disaster
Thank you Senator Warner, for being an active part of resisting this destructive plan.
Can U also consider the costs that will soar 4 those who are funding UR give aways?  Somebody is paying for this! Deficits are soaring now!
Thank you Senator Warner!!!
Make sure to stand up for the Millions of Americans who paid into a system that failed, weather they wanted it or not. Get it right!!!
Thank you!
Go Mark go!!!!  Give 'em hell
Thank you Senator for fighting against #TrumpCare
Thank you Senator @MarkWarner for fighting for us and for being an all around stand up guy. #ThereAreStillGoodGuys
but you are not fighting for the worker who had rates double. The people on Medicaid are living better than most of the workers
I'm ur constituent. My PERSONAL ACA pmt = 1/3 of TOTAL household income. Have u spoken 4 me? Just had surgery & owe VCU more. Where u been?
You read Breitbart should try reading actual news. https://caps.gov.harvard.edu/news/caps-harris-poll-current-affairs ….  Story in  Breitbart was about the "deep state". #truth is 
Surprisingly positive considering the negative press. But, what does that have to do with unaffordability of ACA and my debt?
It has to do with where you get your information.
Information I was responding from is my budget. My checkbook. My ACA coverage. My dissatisfaction with my coverage. My financial state.
I was unemployed, then underemployed in 2011-12. I went w/o insurance. I couldn't afford it & house. Had to move lost house. Insured now.
@PrincessBravato good luck and thank you for everything that you do for the country and All of us
Thank you, Senator Warner.
Thank you Senator! You are appreciated!
Red state voters must wonder why #GOP politicians are trying to take away basic healthcare regulations that save lives. #GOPdysfunction
instead of grand standing why dont you reach across the aisle and help.
You don't speak for MY family, liberal moonbat.
Thank you for all your hard work - for this...for everything!
What are you doing to get premiums and deductables down?  Enough with your government handouts.
had major premium increases under #Obamacare. Left my plan for reduced benefits. Premium-relief under #trumpcare is good!
Go @SenatorWarner !!
that's what you're doing.  Offer a solution. Put on your big boy pants and offer up an idea.  Obamacare won't last.
My family is one of them. Husband has lymphodema as a result of stage 4 cancer. Recovered and worked, now needs disability. Will not get ins
Thank you, Senator Warner!  We need more people to stand to disastrous policies for the vast majority of Americans.
Thank you! Keep fighting. -Kara from Alexandria
Your not even on the plan....get on it
This Virginian doc thanks u on behalf of her kids & families #KeepKidsCovered #SaveOurCare
As a Virginian, and an American with a pre-existing condition and elderly parents, I thank you.
what have you done to improve OC and the sky rocketing premium increase. You've had 8 yrs to do something and only compkain
What about those devastated by Obamacare?
Thank you
Thank you!
Fix it don't complain about it the health plan ain't going to write it self. If you don't like it fix it
Thank you, sir.@MarkWarner
Thank you!!!
From one of your constituents. Makes me proud to be a Virginian.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you Senator Warner! #Resistance
Though I no longer live in VA I and my family have always thought highly of you. Thank you for representing us!
What bullshtz.  DEMOCRAP HYPOCRITE AND LIAR.  PATHETIC
Thank you Senator. You make us Virginian's proud! I'm  the Republicans will do the right thing for ALL Americans.
Thank you @MarkWarner  my family depends on ACA!
I am sure it will be complete nonsense, like your Tweet.
We thank you!
Thank You SO much!! We love you in the 757
Thank you for this and all do! Proud to have you as one of my senators 
Why don't you donate your net worth of $200M+ to help VA families? How much healthcare could that buy?
You obviously don't care about the ones hurt by Obamacare
Thank you for standing for us.
What about the Virgina families that are going broke under Obamacare? @RTDNEWS @virginianpilot
They will go bankrupt and die with TrumpDoesntCare. Please read what was submitted. You and 22 million  others lost and broke.
you are a showboating embarrassment to the state of Virginia
Oh I thought you were headed to a Bolshevik convention, comrade.  Pardon me
Go Sen. Warner!!!!
Thank You
Thank you, from a Virginian!
You go, Senator. Thank you!
Thank God, we have Senator Warner!
If you bump into Mitch McConnell give him this 
Keep the pressure on
Please speak up for type 1 diabetic children and adults.
We need more mark warners... His seat isn't safe but he's setting the example. Thank you
Right he's setting the example of obstruction and socialism in America.  Ugh!

...and then issuing subpoenas for Ivanka, Jared, Parscale, Trump, Trump taxes, Nunes, and - omg - Cotton. Right dude? Cmon.
Go get 'em senator! 
Please speak up for bankrupting America
Nice shiny new account you've got there.  

welcome to mute.
Welcome to 
