Why tf is she still even up for consideration??
are you FUCKING KIDDING ME?!?
: thank you for being my voice today! I stand with you and support you! Thank you!
thanks for making one decent decision this year Mark. Now go hang out w/ your GOP buds and shut her down.
thank god u finally grew some
Thank you for #NoOnDeVos from an educator!
Thank you. She is unqualified.
.@MarkWarner @usedgov @CNN Glad you're voting NO on DeVos. WHY DID YOU VOTE YES ON TILLERSON??????
A tough loss but glad Dems stood strong. DeVos is just like Trump: #unfit
perhaps if dems had shown more united opposition to other  cabinet noms, DeVos wouldnt have been confirmed today.
Thank you Senator.
thank you! #holdthefloor
Vote no for DeVos #VoteNoDevos #StopDeVos
support Donald Trump,he is Your President. THe people have voted,,,',,,,,can you hear them?
haha you lost
thank you for trying
Thanks, Sen. Warner.
thank you for trying.
yea but you voted for all the rest!!!  The Resist movement will make sure you're gone dude!
Thank you.
THANK U 4being there 4us! My mom taught public school 4nearly 30yrs; my 3 sisters& I went thru VA public schools, so will my son
Thank you!! #NoOnDeVos
LMAO. DeVos is in & Sessions will be too. I will be voting & campaigning hard against you for the first time in 2020.
Too bad for you and all the children who will not be able to have school choice.  Term limits for you!
thank you
thank you!!
I stood w the people including Senators Murphy & Hassan today to speak out against DeVos. Are you present in the Senate now?
I feel like it was easier to vote no for a woman, less fear of retaliation. Guess again! VA women are already pissed.
Enjoy your final term
Thank you for opposing DeVos-a disaster for our children #holdthefloor
Thank you!
You make us all proud!
You're appreciated! Thank you for listening to the American people. Our kid's future depends upon their education. #NoDevos
Well that's one you'll get right after getting Tillerson wrong.
#HoldTheFloor Sen Warner! We've got your back. Thank you for taking a stand. #NoOnDeVos #ProudToBeAVirginian
Thank you working for your constituents and their children voting NO on Devos.
thank you Senator!
thank you! From a desperate public school teacher!!!
Thank you.We won't forget this. I hope we have one more Republican, for our children's sake.
thank you for standing up for Virgina's children!
Thank you. I know in the present climate you need to pick your battles!
thank you!
THANK YOU
thank you Senator Warner.
YES!!!Proud of you!!
vote no on the scotus nominee
Thank you for hearing our voices.
proud of you. Thank you.
Thanks! That saved me a tweet
vote NO ON TILLERSON!!
Thank you!
finally a NO vote
- but you voted yes to Exxon CEO Tillerson?? Are u a Repubs or a dem?? #virginiansrcrying
better vote no on all of them. @timkaine seems to like the whole lot that Trump has put forward.
Than You!!!
You better make up for Tillerson with NO down the line. As of now, I'm canvassing for whoever is against you in primary
Thank you Senator!
About time. This 1 was the easiest lay-up. You should've voted against the many other unqualified nominees.
Thank You, for Protecting, American Children's Education. The Future Depends on Them.
Thank you Senator Warner!! 
Thank you for voting no on DeVos.  Please try to convince others!!!!!!!!!
Disgusted you voted yea on Tillerson. @MarkWarner
Americans demand Investigate  our #illegitimate #president & #Russian ties! #Putin #potus #TrumpRussia #impeachTrump
thank you sir. Now about your colleagues...
@1in5awareness @usedgov thank you thank you thank you!
Thank you soooo much.  Stay strong for Virginia!
I would like to know WHEN we are going to be told how much the trump admin worked with the Russians. National Security issue!
thank you Senator, you are doing the right thing! Thanks for protecting our children's future
vote no on SCOTUS pick
good. Don't cave
thank you, sir! Let's also work to ensure Sessions does not become AG.
thank you
Great!  Why would you vote YES on Exxon CEO for Secy of State?? #NoSense
Good for you Mark! DeVos has no business being in that position.  Never been a less qualified candidate.
Oh so now you have a spine.  THANKS FOR REX. Guess Ms. Moneybags didn't fork enough over?
high five, stay strong #NotoDeVos
#neverBetsy. Throw her to the bears! #impeachtrump
thank you so much for all you do for our country. VA 's Senator Warner!
Thank you!
thank you Senator!
@NunyaBidness2 @usedgov thank you thank you thank you!!
Thank you! #publicschools
She's paid a million dollars to GOP Senators who'll be voting. Buying her way in, to ruin OUR SCHOOLS.
It won't matter.
Thank you Senator Warner! We need you!!
that's great, but a yes vote on Tillerson is worse.  Epic Fail!
Thank you
@FightingMad1 @usedgov I expect nothing less.
Please convince one more GOP Senator to vote NO!
Thank you!!
I see that you voted for Tillerson though, that is largely unacceptable.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you!Also, very pleased that you are going to do full invest. into Russia's destruction of our Pres.election.k.
I want to know about #Russianhacking too.
Thank you!
No brainer. Why "yes" on Tillerson though? Senator @timkaine voted "no". Don't think we need a former Exxon CEO for anything.
Thanks Senator! Can you convince one more Republican by Tues? Special Educators oppose DeVos! Unfit!
Make sure you show up for work! Working class Virginians get up and show up for their wk each day. We expect the same from you.
How could you vote for Sessions? Lost my vote from Charlottesville.
That's ok, because I'm am also voting no....at you next election date. Signed Virginia Voter
of course you would vote no, Betsy would reduce your cash feedback loop from the NEA,
Great. Thank you.
Go find #Toomey and get him to vote no. We can't get thru on his phone lines.
you lost my vote because of your partisan politics.  No reason to vote no.  Can't believe I voted for you. Unbelievable
thank you Senator
great. but why'd you vote YES on Tillerson? SHAME! You've betrayed your constituents & our beautiful country.
I trust your judgement Senator Warner.
Thank You Sen. Mark for standing strong for  Public Education
TY Sir @MarkWarner @usedgov #theResistance
thank you, this vote is critical to our childrens' future.
when are you having town hall meeting?
But why did you vote for Rex? The intercept mentions 4-figure checks. Is that really all it takes? At least do five.
Great! The only vote possible for a nominee like this. She's an insult.
.@MarkWarner @usedgov please explain why you voted YES on the other five confirmations? Good options? The best?
GREAT so now why don't you tell everyone how you voted FOR Tillerson. Your a sellout and we're voting you OUT
@timkaine Thanks supporting pub ed! Product of pub school, from fam of teachers, raised in DeVos country, now proud Virginian!
 Thank you from Millions of kids . Please stand fast and stand up for what is right and resist this autocrazy at every step !
This is nice, but you should have voted 'no' 5 times already. His actions are speaking more loudly than your words.
Well good 4 you! You can't make up 4 betraying us w/ Tillerman. Don't even think about Gorsuch
Hey @MarkWarner why did you vote yes to ALL SIX of Trumps cabinet nominees? Feeling EXTREMELY disappointed in your representation of VA
Betsy is the easy vote Mark disappointed in you for Tillerson
But will you have the guts to vote no on Sessions and Price?  (And all the others?) Be BRAVE!  We will support you!
Thank you for voting for Rex Tillerson! I will work to get you re-elected! 
Voting yes on Tillerson??!!  Shame on you!  I'm so disappointed.
then why did you vote yes on an Exxon CEO that has ties to Putin?
It is about time you stand up for the people. Only dem senator other than Manchin & Heltkamp to vote yes on all so far
but you vote YES on Tillerson. Disgrace to the party.
thank you!!!
enjoy your last term in the senate
Then why on earth did you vote YES for Rex Tillerson?
-you voted 'yes' on Tillerson-too late to save your rep, traitor-your primary is coming-your days in DC are numbered now
You voted for Trump's cabinet picks you are put on notice and will be voted out
we will not forget your vote for Rex.
Thank you!
:)
#DeVoss=EZ target. Dumb, nor-work female married 2 Billionaire looking 4 something 2 do. B fair #Carson has No @HUDgov #Gov exp
Where's your proud tweet telling all you backed Tillerson?  Why only display you don't back DeVos?
Didn't she choose to serve?  Seemed to be all that mattered in your vote for Tillerson, he was willing, nice standards
So not your 1st choice?  Seems you don't mind voting for "not your 1st choice", backbone comes and goes with you
THANK YOU
Presbyterians started public education so all could read bible 
Mention during DeVos debate
http://www.ed.ac.uk/education/about-us/maps-estates-history/history/part-one … … … … …
That's great!  You should have voted against Tillerson as well.
But you fucking vote yes for Rex Tillerson! What the fucking fuck man!? Who are you!?
@westgal51 Thank u for your vote to pull Till in..Not ur a sell out..People in your District should get u out profit b4
thank you
Why'd you vote Yes on Tillerson, you clown? I look forward to you getting primaried.
Tillerson? Really???? You have stock in Exxon or something? Disappointing.
Thank you! Have you made a statement about Pruitt?
When you're packing your office in 2020, remember your vote for Tillerson. You betrayed the country and the party. #NoDINOs
I forgot 2mention that 50% of my relatives live in VA. We spoke. Your decisions will be reflected in the next election.
But you found no problem voting yes to #RexTillerson . Why didn't you post that good news? I am assuming bc u r ashamed
Thank you!
should have on tillerson too
too late to redeem yourself.... One of 3 so called democrats to vote Russia takeover #tillerson
you already proved yourself as a traitor to democrats. Don't need to know what or who you're voting for.
you may have voted no to DeVos but you voted yes to #RexTillerson . Explain why.
. From the party of no... will work against you next election
But yes on Tillerson? Traitor. I don't live in your state but will happily donate to your opponent. Wrong side. Vote No to all
Thank you for voting no to Devos.  Thank you.
why? The paycheck wasn't big enough this time? Vote NO for all these scumbags!
yes but Tillerson as a yes!!! Really. You are a loser!!!
Thank you for saying NO to DeVos. #DeVosvote
I believe that's the first time so yeah thanks for nothing
I am EXTREMELY disappointed you voted for Tillerson's confirmation. In fact, you've voted for ALL of Trump's noms so far!
Your constituents are watching, Senator Warner.  Show some spine.
But yes on Tillerson?  Sale of stake in Rosneft went to who? Stunning coincidence by the Houses move today don't you think?
you should have voted NO for Tillerson! Climste change ,clean air and water, are just as important as a good education
But you voted yes on Tillerson. And you're in Dem "leadership". Where "leadership" I guess means "capitulation".
Thank you for voting against DeVos.
That's a no brainer!! Voting AGAINST Tillerson was too! Disappointed!
you ought to be ashamed of yourself for voting for Tillerson. We will not forget.
Yet, you voted FOR Tillerson?!? While your constituents #resist, you vote yes??! NO means for ALL of them! 
thanks for putting Putin's choice in for SoS.
too little, too late, education pointless in coming corp/russian tyranny you voted for. should we survive, U r OUT
