Most across political parties favor continuing CSR payments in exchange for giving states more flexibility in ACA http://kaiserf.am/2gi7mBg  
What, no tweets on the state of Russia collusion or did it just u-turn back to your party.
No. This American wants @realDonaldTrump in a psychiatric ward. One for criminally insane traitors.
No. This American wants you to work every waking hour to impeach him for the criminally negligent fraud that he is. #PuertoRico
Especially those that receive but pay nothing
Well, where are the Dems' ideas for fixing ObamaCare?  They have had 8 yrs to come up with solutions.
@KaiserFamFound why didn't you and the kaiser family found say something before you ruined healthcare w/ the broken #Obamacare
No working with a democrap is evil and anti USA!
Kaiser cannot do it’s own poll 
I don’t want him there period or have anything to do with it
The only ones that sabotaged were Dems in pushing ACA. Designed to fail.  Laughable legislation.
Of course. If your house needs repairs, you don't start by burning the whole thing to the ground.
Americans want it, but who is sabotaging it? Trump and the Republicans are not listening.
I'll settle for #Impeachment
Trump is being a vengeful prick!  He wants people to suffer! It makes his day!
We want president Trump impeached.
Tell me which bill funded subsidies to insurance companies that report billions in profit?
This is for the American people's sake, not PARTY the PEOPLE.
NO. You are still getting it wrong. Americans want Democrats and Republicans to work together to improve the ACA, not sabotage it.
Enact Medicare for All.
Too bad Fox won't be telling the truth on this. Instead his base will think it's all the Democrats fault.  sad.
Please override the executive order. Don't wait for the Murray/Alexander bill!
The ACA is built to collapse anyway, doesn’t need any “sabotage.”
and the R's promised they would. What's so hard about that? We are so sick of hearing how grown adults can't work together on our behalf.
Kaiser Family Found is NOT America. Come on Senator Warner. No more stalling. Take it out of the hands of the POTUS and fix it like the D's
Your a traitor to Va,good thing your time in office is just about over
Wrong,we want them all out of office,so country can prosper & move forward.
Yes sir we do. I  hope you're being serious. Americans overwhelmingly want you guys to stop the partisan fights & get back to doing your job
In other words we want you, Congress, the senate and the president to have the same health care. Kaiser.
—- as we, your constituents, have.
Democrats sabotaged the health care system with obomacare
Trump was elected to blow up everything Obama.  He’s doing quite well at it. Destroying the credibility & respect of the Presidency as well.
What a novel concept
Plain & Simple.donald& spinless Republicans are ..without an doubt..based in fact & in the Very Real World seriously hurting Americans!!
Actually we don't trust Trump, certainly not Pence, 99% GOP MoC to fix anything on hc. BTW, HHS  10/26 plans to make life at conception law!
@VAGOPCaucus @timkaine Exactly! Why have we been waiting 7+ years from Sen Warner for action on fixing ACA? Count on your support to fix?
So before we discuss health care. Let's talk about whY the dems couldn't balance a budget in 10 years?
It would improve if the federal government would get out of the way. Proof?  Your handling of the VA. Our government is incompetent.
Americans want Congress to do what they promised to do when elected, its that simple.
Mr warner shame on you defending the Cuban regime and going against our diplomats I'm glad to have Mr trump as president! Enough with Russia
Tantrum and sabbotage are the two things Trump is good at.
The cuban attackis HAPPENINGS here in California I told Maxine Waters office before the news staff don't believe me talk to me
Yes and we want BiPartisan healthcare that works for all so we won’t be back here in 4 years
Too bad Dems are unable to accept responsibility for failing ACA - we want it gone!
Yes that's what most would like to see but doubt that will ever be possible with Trump. He blows things up every time Not a team player
Team players got us Obamacare. If Reps. can’t pass health care bill, he’ll do what’s necessary to keep his word.
Two way street mark
REPEAL OBAMACARE !!!!!!
Please explain how he's "sabotaging" the market by following a court order? Subsidies were deemed unconstitutional. Only the legislative branch can appropriate tax money. So, please explain.
This is impacting people immediately and the fear of the unknown is incredibly STRESSFUL for people who are struggling. HELP!
Key word being improve.
the democrats broke healthcare now you should work with  @realDonaldTrump to repair the damage you and your party caused.
Making people follow the law is not sabotage.
There’s only one problem with this Donald Trump is sabotaging the ACA which is supposed to be law that he cannot screw over!! Stop him!!!!!!
Trump is following the law. Subsidies were deemed unconstitutional by a federal judge. The good senator left that little tid bit out. #LIAR only Congress can allocate tax payer money, not the POTUS which is what Obama did. #factsmatter
We want something in place.
Time is something the sick do not have.
Mark obviously the word from HQ is SABOTAGE - you people can't even think for yourself based on how many DEM used Sabotage over the weekend
So why do you not work with your fellow senators to develop a working plan.
We don't want trump anywhere near anything having to do with America.
Says the brainwashed liberal class. In real America, we love Trump.
Yes, however trump and R's aren't going to be co-operative! They weren't the last 8 yrs. despite their lies.
Wants.
Reality check. Majority of Repubs elected on repeal promise. Since the house, senate, and pres r repub- self explanatory what the country
Free government money only increases waste and greed.
Free market is the best choice. It allows for innovation. It does not ration Health Care. It allows the people to choose. Inspires charity.
The only way to make health insurance work is to repeal the aca, then get the federal government out of it.
americans dont want socialized medicine or single payer (same thing) or gov touching anything in health care, FREE MARKET
It's all in ur paradigms senator. Fix a broken system or as u say sabotage. Seems the 
"sabotage" was when ur prty passed it to begin with.
Not sure who you are polling but most I know do not support
It’s not “sabotage”, the insurance bailout payments are unconstitutional. You have done nothing to “work together and improve”
Sounds like a good plan. Do you think @realDonaldTrump will approve it? Or sabotage it. He is good at sabotaging things that would go well.
What we want is if you are not going to correct your partys mess then get out of the way
Also want you to return and quit taking ins. Kickbacks
You got thid idea from a company that benefits directly from payments. You are BRILLIANT. I hope VA realizes what the have....nothing.
yes please
I don't support the removal of the essential benefits that must be included in all health plans.
