Please no $54 B to military, US already spends more than all others combined, still hungry children in VA!
hungry children and his biggest issue is Russia..the money this cost could feed those children.
best way to feed the hungry children I help at our local food pantry would be to raise blue collar parents wages.
I do that for sure but Warner needs to work instead of worrying about Russia. Homeless vets the VA ISIS??
Russian manipulation of US govt. rather important to me.  Also whether admin officials lying under oath.  Bad!
well keep on....I'm worrried about homelessness, hungry children, etc..very low on my priority lisy
Potus dunked from the free throw line tonight sir
@itbmeang @MarkWarner @POTUS Dems division politics will continue. Obstruction is the only game (policies) they have.
taking lessons from the GOP under Obama, and the Tea Party. Great tactics!
town halls yes, destroying property no..also the matter of  paid obstructionalist vs simply being mad
@SenateDems @POTUS He's never been on a budget before. He doesn't have a grasp of the concept.
what the hell are talking about. Every building he built obviously had budgets. Spewing nonsense!
no wonder u r so big league unpopular..quit complaining and go help America...happy I left the party
Thank you, Senator! Keep it up!
keep up what...he's just complaining
I agree with you. I think you analyzed his speech correctly.
Translation: "We hates him, doesn't we, my preciouss?"
It does not seem to me that you have had concerns in the past that you profess now.
get Mark Warner out of office
Well he didn't spout conspiracy theories,but lied like a Russian rug. Broken promises is all I've seen, and crazy tweets.
I completely concur with Senator Warner's response Senator Warner represents my views as a constituent I applaud him!
Excellent response. Thank you for your leadership.
Thank you! Now, demand a special prosecutor immediately. This nonsense is ridiculous.
Of course u disagree. If it were from a dem, u would totally support.Try SUPPORTING  POTUS for a change, that's ur JOB!
hmm you weren't worried much about debt and spending under obama
I voted for you and believe your party has lost it's way. Political stunts rather than supporting bipartisan policies.
Intel committee needs 2 start requiring integrity, care & concern 4 the American Public. IQ test.

if that's your statement then you and I obviously watched a different address you seriously missed a lot of information.
in Virginia we voted out Eric Canter.. Now other states can vote out the GOP..
.@MarkWarner @POTUS "... bipartisan commitment from the President AND Congress." Fixed that for you! #EndGridlock
omg! You didn't worry about spending until you #superdelegates were not in control of spending
Senator, you are a man who felt entitled and is now hurt. You are not a good nor fair representative for VA. Retire.
he could have turned water into wine and it still wouldn't be good enough for you.  Put your sword away and get to work
Mark,
Were you listening to the same speech I heard ?
What have you done since 1/20/2017 to help MAGA ?
How did we end up with so many people with no understanding?
I don't know what you heard, but it wasn't what I did. You are the typical Liberal Obstructionist.
Mr warner what speech was you listening too? You sir must have been asleep! Oh wait you are a democrat.  That says it all
And real, not imaginary numbers. Recall "Gilmore math 2+2 =5" Had that bumper sticker. 
so your against African American and Latino children getting a better education? You don't want immigration reform?
is uncalled for it's been five weeks dude I mean sir excuse me so this is mumbo-jumbo.  what do you want?  five weeks!
I cannot wait to work on your electoral defeat. You are an elitist political hack who has ideological myopia.
Mark - you're the one who missed an opportunity
PLEASE #drain the swamp. Of people that respond like this . Come next year us Virginias will try to help!!@seanhannity
thank you senator
Your response reflects the fact that you're losing touch with your constituents. Please work with this President!
@SenateDems @POTUS 
It's pretty sad that U were 'chosen' 2 represent the people in UR state. U R doing them a great disservice.
Mr Warner you are out of touch, your comments agenda ridden...
Did YOU not hear his speech? Maybe you should watch it again because your statement is Contrary.
@SenateDems @POTUS 
Guess Dems don't like to share ideas. It full control for you or nothing at all. What a sorry party.
@SenateDems @POTUS 
Prob w/Dems? They're always pointing fingers 2 discredit the 'other' guy instead of finding resolve 2gether.
Dems are missing the opportunity of a life time too bad for your constituents.
@SenateDems @POTUS
"Shame On You". He is asking  you all to work together for the good of the ppl. Guess your ans is no, huh?
Did u write this response prior to the POTUS speech???
liberals are pushing so hard to get them ALL voted out
Sad. Sold your soul to the radical left.
: @SenateDems the voice of fiscal conservatism. Why oh why didn't I take the blue pill?
Perhaps if the Democrats and Republican put aside their egos and work together with our President. Thing can get .
Did you have these same concerns when last POTUS ran up the debt from 9 to 20 trillion in his 8 years?  Give us a break already.
please work with Trump! We need people coming here legally!
@SenateDems @POTUS a typical response from a dem that wants to divide the country
Typical #FarLeft #Progressive dishonesty The $20 Trillion debt is #ObamasLegacy that #Trump has inherited.
This wad not the venue for details on every policy. And you know that.
I would have settled for one detail on one policy. Couldn't even get that
@SenateDems @POTUS 
Another pre-prepared set of remarks. Did someone leaked the speech out to the Democrats.
you don't like it because he is going to hold you and congress accountable. #finally
After 8 years of Hussein Obama and you can say you are concerned about our nation's debt.....please.
weak reply @MarkWarner to @POTUS speech... point out his lies and what you are going to do to make things different #DSA
Mr. Warner- i voted for you and I still believe that you are a good man with good values.   The Dem party had lost itsway
Please work toward bringing sanity back to the Dem party!  It has completely lost its moral compass!
nothing like asking ALL Americans to come together, oh wait he did that numerous times. Get over yourself & listen
we don't feel the same.We applaud &support  President & request that u do the same.U represent us,work with our President
Hey Mr Partisan... how bout you being a bit more non-partisan and a little less hypocritical.
he has been  very clear about what his plans are, is this  playing stupid or treating Americans as if they are stupid?
did you hear the same speech I did?
We're you even listening to his message? Your response sounds liked a pre-canned negative!
I am convinced he will never 'reach out' to ALL Americans and doesn't really care that he doesn't and never will. #Sad
What a demorat a_hole!
I couldn't tell if you were Dem or Rep until I saw your credentials.
thank you Senator. Facts and details were sorely lacking. Along with any spirit of bipartisanship
As a Virginian & American, I'd rather have read, 'your collusion with Russia will be exposed soon & by the way, where are taxes?
mark... I mean this nicely... Shut up... Please. I'm tired of whiners who do nothing
and they just keep trying to slant the narrative
Ummm, here's my statement. Stop resisting before you even hear the message and start working with the president.
it was nothing new. It will not create Unity because ppl will loose healthcare, environments will be polluted, crime??++
not interested.
acting like you care about the national deficit sure is covenient now that the opposing party is responsible 
drmocrats pfffft
