I hope my colleagues in the House will act on this resolution quickly & send it to POTUS for his signature:
We can't hesitate or equivocate in condemning white nationalists, the KKK, neo-Nazis, or others who would spread hate & bigotry.
And it is you who separates us in the groups
We are losing are rights under dictator trump and the GOP
I hate people who think they are empowering underdogs, when in fact they're only creating Frankensteins for their own egotistical needs.
Why does anyone need to VOTE to condemn terrorism?! The mire we find ourselves in is confounding and very sad.
When the ruling power is hitched to the very thing one is condemning..you have to be creative.
We have seen that if a law is not spelled out concisely the current administration will look for loop holes and take advantage. No scruples.
This is backwards filler! Makes me wonder if Warner is working for the Russians!
It does feel a little too easy and perfect, right? It's BS that the current state of affairs has bred so much cynicism.
It's like denying PTSD of someone who's been mugged, beaten, raped... yeah it's stupid to see skin color but it's normal human reaction too.
It's a shame you really have to pass a resolution. This should be common sense.
Robert Byrd is rolling over in his grave. A resolution to condemn racism? What a waste of time!
Good move. Sad the Pres needs to be called down on matters such as this.
Add BLM, antifa and other similar hate groups and it may pass. Violence knows no color. To segment hate by color reinforces it.
That's great! Now vote for Medicare for all. Enough have died in Virginia with no medical  care!
Thank God the Senate is finally getting something done! Until now, I was super unclear on how most Senators felt about white supremacy.
The Senator is writing fiction. He can't even spell Anti-Fa!
I like you Sir & a resolution was a nice gesture, but it doesn't take much courage to condemn Nazis. Talk to me when u pass Medicare 4 all.
Now if you could get your colleagues to do something other than pass a "Duh!" bill.
Why wouldn't you wait for the investigation to be over first? Why did Antifa have the street blocked w/2 cars 5mins before psychoboy showed?
Assume it included ANTIFA. You know the black clan and masked democratic operatives paid by Soros

"Guys, let's start with the basics...can we all agree that wanting to 'kill people who don't look like you' is a bad thing?" Oh boy.
Thank you, Sen. Warner! You'd think "Nazis are bad" would be obvious in a 21st Century western democracy, but nothing makes sense in  era.
Thanks for your work. This should have been a unanimous vote.  America does not need hate groups. We are better than that.
7 Republicans said YES to your resolution
45 Republicans said BE QUIET to your resolution
All 48 Democrats said YES
https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-joint-resolution/49/cosponsors?pageSort=alphaByParty&q=%7B%22party%22%3A%22Republican%22%7D …
Of course Demtards stick together no matter what
I'm sorry so you approve of  and endorse White Supremacist Nazis then?
Never once said that I endorse or approve of white supremacists or Nazis, just typical LIBTARD mentality and hear what fits your narrative
Great, like we really needed that - not.  How about getting busy with health care, IRS and other important things?
Yes
ANTIFA are leftist twrrorists
The real supremacist groups are Antifa , BLM and all these kids who think they l ow everything and are offended by everything.
Now for the impeachment @GOP
Now is it finally time to condemn the black supremacist group Black Lives Matter? #AllLivesMatter #ForgetColorWeAreHuman #MAGA
How about take care of the Nazi's.   BLM and ANTIFA didn't murder anyone or plow down 20 people with a car now did they
Continue with the nazi narrative. Try thinking for yourself.  You are going to say that BLM is  not racist?
Good people on both sides who had no idea about the creeps KKK (etal) or creeps anti-fa but were concerned citz either way about statue
trump won't sign it. He is clearly on the wrong side of history. Racist as hell.
'Preciate the thought very much, Senator, but what are you going to DO about our demented, traitorous president who supports these groups?
Yeah Senator what are we going to do about demented delusional who want to get rid of elected officials due to dislike
Well done sir.I will sign it!
It shocks the conscience that we should feel relieved & appreciative that the Senate would do what we it ought toThis should be no-brainer.
What are you guys going to do about Steve King?
And they need to be put back on the watch list.
Thanks and  nice work senator!
I wish they would get real work done #Impeach #SmallHandsTrump
Thank you, Senator @MarkWarner
Thank you Sir!
So today was the easiest day of making decisions ever.
Despite the "many sides" of the issue?
Why did we need a resolution for that? Why is it even a question?
That resolution n $1 at mcdonalds will get u a coffee. U have a senile racist and his family occupying our White House. Nothing else matters
And how did Trump respond, or didn't he?
So now what?
 Bravo!!!
Wonderful. But what dark place are we in that we need legislation to condmn Nazis, KKK and other white supremacist groups.
Great you're the new Captain obvious. An elected official can't be this STUPID!
Is Donald on board?? 
Why can't Trumpster say the same thing
Good. 

Now impeach Trump. 

Do it. Now.
Can trump veto it?
Thanks, but condemning nazis is hardly an act of courage. More like grandstanding.
Why don't you condem antifaa or black panthers or black lives matter. They are gate groups and racist  to you coward
GOOD NEWS.  now tell them to do it in their hearts
When will u pass law (not resolution) on domestic terrorism- wht supre, neo nazi, kkk, antifa, BLM , AND freeze assets of supporters- Soros
Wow a resolution. Such sheepish behavior
There's no moral equivalence between Hate/Protesting Hate God Bless John Kelly GodBlessAmerica
Hey, some of those are fine people! Fine people, I tell you! Good people.
Antifa and BLM next??? Do you have the guts?
So what will Senate do about police joking about cars killing protesters? For upholders of law and order apology can not be enough #example
Sad that we have come to a place where condemnation is not automatic but now needs the senate to pass a resolution of condemnation.
A resolution is the moral equivalent of shaking a fist. Now do something constructive...and make it bipartisan
But will the so-called president sign it?!?
Of course they did what a waste of time
We need a Nazi Hunter.
What did you name them Terrorist?
YAY!!!!
Did that make you "feel" better? Be a man!
You realize this has zero force and effect, right? It's a room of 100 people- not even all of them- agreeing that racists suck. Helpful how?
Wow, condemning white supremacist, brave move. Now co-sponsor the #SinglePayer Healthcare Reform bill in the Senate.
Thank you~
I hope there was wording 2 the effect of ALL hate groups.  That would include Antifa.  Please call them out by name! They R dangerous, also.
Great now we need legislation to prevent trump from interfering with the investigation.
Thank you. There can be no ambiguity or wavering on this.
All humans Thank you
Thank you Sen. Warner! Not a VA resident, but I really appreciate all the work you have been doing that serves ALL of us!
So what does that mean? More paper to line the bird cage? A Symbolic gesture? What accountability? We fought a war to condemn Nazis. FFS!
This is happening because of #TrumpRussia  to distract us from #TrumpRussia
Thank you for your leadership!
Well done!
We Virginians can be proud of that.  Thank you. #VoteBlue2018
Thank you! You, unlike others, see the harm in hate groups. Appreciate it
Thank you. This is historic and badly needed now.
You do realize the groups that the Senate is condemning takes it as a badge of honor. The person you should condemn is @realDonaldTrump.
That's nice, but how about we put em in jail as easily as people with weed?
Can someone tell me this is considered unanimous if some voted no?
Did anyone tell you know who
You did the right thing.
Outstanding! Congratulations!

Trump will assume he can veto that.
It should go without saying that we denounce white supremacy. Actions speak louder. Impeach the white-supremacist-in-chief.
Now pass 1 condemning racist presidents. @potus racially biased actions shouldn't be allowed 2 pass wo a vigorous objection from Congress
Has anyone told the orangutan @realDonaldTrump ?
Keep your left antifa terrorist off our streets
Have NOT heard ANYTHING about it!
Thank you.
We the people of Va. are very proud of your work. I was proud when you were our Governor and think you would be a great president.
Thank you.
Huh.. wasting time on our dime. I hope your constituents vote you out.
"Well aren't you special", said the church lady.
Thank you. I am always proud that you and Tim Kaine represent our state in the United States Senate.
That's great.  Will you do the same and condemn all other racial supremacy in the nation?
Do not forget condemning worthless 
Democrat leaders
Just WORDS!
What a shame that this is necessary
That was an easy no brainer.
Good, now before there are more deaths can you pass a bill declaring Nazi's and the KKK terrorists! They go beyond freedom of speech!
And Antifa!
would be nice if u could censor the racist - in -chief.
When will they condemn the white supremacist admin in WH?  And work for impeachment?
Now pls rid us of the racist in the White House, along w his lil racist pal in DOJ. Thx!
Trump is not a racist any more than U R. Funny how we judge people we don't really know.  What U know is from the media.  91% neg. on Trump!
Did that include antifa? It is easy to pass a resolution, harder to do something about it.
good for you keep it up
Oh!This is the best news we have had in a LONG time.Thank you abd your colleague's for your devoted service to our country 
Congress should condemn Trump and ban him from the U.S.
That's sweet. Now, what's on tap to address excessive police force and increase their accountability when force turns deadly?
Wow you condemned it.  Real success!
Did you Protect the #BlackLivesMatter #Supremacist Groups or #Antifa ? WHY EVER Vote #Democrat EVER AGAIN http://RemoveWarner.com  GO #USA
Yeah that's great, sad that it had to be written, now hopefully you'll work on the Medicare For All bill next.
Thank U Senator
What a fucking shame that plain human decency has become a bipartisan issue.
Strange times that this is seen as some sort of win instead of a blindingly obvious position that shouldn't NEED a senate resolution.
Can you imagine any other time since WW2 where Nazis and the KKK would be the subject of a resolution?
....nope. Fair point.
ty
please. get rid of the nazi in the white house.
@SarahLerner OK. So you condemned it.  Now, how about actual *legislation* banning it?
#RealLeadership
Trump is forced to sign it.
If this is your resolution, how about fixVOTER SUPPRESSION through gerrymandering, "crosscheck", shortening early voting, affects minorities
Sorry Senator Warner, denouncing hate is overshadowed by the discovery that Senator Cruz likes porn and may actually be human! Good job tho!
Condemning racist great but what are you going to do about them in Va r u going to pass any laws against them? IDTS
What about @timkaine sons group #ANTIFA
What about Bannon  in the hate and the Antifa imposters? Bannon should be charged with her murder! Charles Manson cult is alt-right! F Wa.
@SenateGOP @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @TheJusticeDept 

MORE Cops and People are KILLED or INJURED by the LEFT HATE GROUPS than White Groups!
@SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SenateMajLdr 

WHERE ARE THE REAL HATE GROUPS ON THE LEFT???

ANTIFA ?

BLACK LIVES MATTERS ?

CAIR ?
What happened in Charlottesville was because of DEMS busing in ANTIFA & BLACK LIVES MATTER hate groups to start RIOTS!!
And did the Prez support that?  Can hardly believe he would - since he's a racist.
Sad to read responses here and see the true racism on displayed. The terrorist groups antifa and blm not included here .supported by dems
Wow. Can you spend any more time and money passing other obvious resolutions?
Well that was a gigantic waste of time
Well well well warner dont see you condeming terrorist groups antifa and blm
The lynching of a child of color in America 2017 directly corolates to trumps overt racism.
Police refuse to release info on a biracial 8-year-old boy who was hanged w/ a rope by one or more teens: http://trib.al/KZnViMx  
Assume you included antifa, blm et al by name in resolution since you only mentioned "white" violence? Violence=violence. Smells political.
Wouldn't even need this if we had a Real president that represents Real American people 
trump needs to be removed 
#TheResistance
How about getting a bipartisan condemnation of @POTUS ?? Now that would be awesome
Do you real think @POTUS will sign it and jeapordize his standing with his voter base?
Now please do something about the DOJ ignoring the rise of white supremacist groups. Please.
You mean like the previous DOJ ignoring the rise of Antifa?

did you go after antifa?
Be sure to tell our racist in chief!
Now they just have to kick the one in the Oval Office out.
Now make it legal to deny hate groups permits
You need a resolution for that? Really! Why don't you do something useful to advance our country?

So sad we have to have a resolution for this.
What a waste of time who supports these groups. This is just a distraction . Mark Warner wastes all his time on CRAP like Russia and this.
Hey Mark,  Can we add "Tribe Supremacists" to the bill?  Yeah, you know - "The Tribe" that runs the show.
Great news! Now if you can get them out of the White House,.
@nedryun Ok, Ned. You have been silent on this one.
Can we expect a bipartisan resolution on #Antifa as well, Senator?
Great. Now what concrete things are you going to do to stand with people of color and creat a just society?
They should also unanimously force Trump to release his taxes.
Mueller!
Congratulations, you plucked some bullshit low hanging fruit. Stop wasting our time.
Purty important to a lot of good Americans!
RUN FOR PRESIDENT!!!
These ppl r active everywhere. N small towns bordering Indian reservations. DONT PLAY FAVORITES FOR POLITICAL GAIN. I defend EVERYONE.
#Antifa being the terrorists right?
"Many sides" and "fine people" "antifa are terrorists" @potus
Why is Senator Warner not speaking out about AntiFa groups that were a big part of Charlottesville hate and violence? Warner's no leader!
That's positive news. So beyond passing a resolution "condemning" these hate groups, what specific action is the House going to take?
Now remove the remaining resistance to the condemnation of bigotry, Donnie Drumpf.
Glad you are focused on 1A# and not I-81 issues. More folks have been killed there in the last month than were injured @ cville. #shill
How about all hate groups! Singling out just whites is racist! You fucking idiots can't stand the truth!
whew! Now we can all sleep better. Now maybe let's deal with some real actual issues like overwhelming entitlement spending
OR how we spend more on military than next 10 countries COMBINED!
And I hereby declare that it's a waste of time to vote on what should be 100% obvious and get to the business of a new, FAIR election.
Whites are not supremacist and the Antifa are the terrorists.
So is there any progress or you just all agreed it was bad?  Sorry for cynicism but seems like wasted time.
Nothing cynical in what you said. He's a typical Obama dem(different from the Clinton type). Their 2 main priorities are appeasing rethugs/
thank God!!!
Good leading by example!
Thank you Sen Warner! 
I certainly hope you mailed our President a commemorative copy of the resolution suitable for framing.
So what will change?
Too late. They have been taken off the terrorist watch list, allowed to build armed militias and voted in a POTUS who supports them.
A step in the right direction, but not enough.
Next, censure Trump for not doing the same thing!
Thank you Sen Warner for your leadership on this. Thank you for bringing out the right tone.
This should be a no brainer resolution, never the less I'm so very glad to see hatred and bigotry unanimously condemned.
So when will you move 2 take them out of the WH  #RemoveWhiteSupremacists From the Oval Office & Why does #Kushner still have clearance
If only the president would follow...
Wait till all the far right terrorists are all put under surveillance, including Donnie!
@Richardafowler yay you. How about tackling something difficult that requires compromise.
Thank you!
Kudos!
So, basically, they passed gas.
Nazis=bad. Easy position to take. Where are you on affordable housing?
Undercover Russian brother from another mother 
And then @tedcruz promptly rubbed one out to honor 9/11.  Republican party of values eh?   Shameful.
