The #EquifaxBreach was a travesty, and simply changing CEOs is not going to be enough.
Today I pressed SEC Chairman Clayton on what his agency is doing to get to the bottom of this. Watch:
Are they too big to bust?
I’m stunned. I agree with @MarkWarner.
At this point, none of our so called collated and collected credit reports have any veracity
Are you about solutions or rhetoric? Don't perform on stage, take action or note when the proper action has been taken or is in the process.
Thank you, @MarkWarner - I think the same thing. This company should be disbanded after splitting the remaining capital amongst the victims.
Only if every party affected is offered a free Freezing of their credit report, and a one yr monitoring,
I totally agree. SD show they need to compensate those who are victims
 pretty stern words against a corporation after little to no legal action after bank crisis. Privacy breaches a tipping point?
Not blaming you, just surprised at the tone. You are doing a great job!
I agree with you Senator
Especially since consumers have no real choice in the matter.
The credit agencies need more governmental scrutiny.
Interesting point
Maybe this has been the problem all along.
I had an issue with them before this breach ever was announced. This just solidifies my position: they should not have access to our info!
At this point, I question our governments willingness to look out for the welfare of its people.
@AngelicaMrta, one of Virginia's Senators is speaking your cybersecurity language. Very interesting indeed.
Thank you.  This is a huge scam being swept under the rug.
Not only did they fail the american people, they hid it from americans for over a month. These people should be in jail
whens the last time you stood at start of day #pledge, senators that are not present for pledge should not vote that day, #ShowUpForPledge
Won't change until CEOs go to jail for not protecting PII
We need a bigger solution senator. We need to retire social security numbers and move to a more secure solution!
I certainly agree!  I became a victim when OPM was breached...Again, a victim, due to EQUIFAX breach.  How do we protect ourselves?
I feel the same about our Govt. I know you're fighting it and I appreciate that, but Rs need to join the fight.
@MarkWarner Yes you are right, please apply penalties to Equifax. I’m affected & still haven’t been officially notified by them!
Thank you!
Fundamentally, this service should not be available to businesses without the express permission of the individual concerned.
I’m beyond that point, Even when do the “right” thing in this $ hungry capitalist pig society you get screwed. Why. Bother. #TrySocialism 
I called today to ask for a new random PIN. Customer service rep "played" dumb and asked "why?" Then said it would take 20 minutes more. 
He probably got severance pay
SHUT IT DOWN.
I agree. However, regular citizens have no control over their collection of our data.
Agreed!
I agree
If cyberspace attacks are not taken care of quickly , Russia will do it again in 2016 and 2020!
Waiting 2 days for an enrollment email to freeze my data. An email I stress!  Help protect us from these guys. This is our data not theirs!!
Bravo to you, Senator. Unregulated intrusion into citizens' lives has gone on for far too long.
Shut 'em down!
Irresponsible cos like Equifax are how industries get regulated.
Maybe CEO'S golden parachute should pay for lifetime subscription for all affected, with another, more reliable service.
I question what members of their senior leadership are allowed to just slip off the radar with apparently no consequences. Where's Congress?
Reword this and this goes for our president too!
There is a need for hearings on the overreach of credit bureaus...too much influence
Senator Warner I would like to do away with our social security numbers all together... Or... At least everyone gets a new one
NONE of the credit rating services should be able to go on essentially approving loans based on ID info now in the hands of criminals!
Make them finacially responsible for any harm done based upon their lack of oversight.
Credit reporting needs thorough reform. What will you do to follow up on your own question?
How do we rid of centralized, far-away databases that commoditize private debt? Local bank lending may cause fewer defaults, fewer scams.
At this point, I question whether any of our data is safe, including personal and sensitive data collected on our kids through #edtech.
You and everyone in the US needs to be concerned!  They need to hire experts (should have) now!
Agreed.
Really? Quoting your own tweet?
My daughter has already been told by her bank that she has been compromised thanks to Equifax. This is a disaster.
It should be run by the IRS ... @washingtonpost @nytimes @maddow they have everyone's taxes already
All retailers, banks and who ever else needs credit history should stop using them completely!  Kick them out of business
Class Action lawsuit
They should be shut down permanently
40% of America probably strongly agrees.
Ya Think?!
Ok @MarkWarner u are quickly becoming 1 of my favorite politicians
Thank you 4 your service w @Equifax and #GrahamCassidy
I was one of the compromised people. I would certainly feel safer if they just shut down
Shut them down.  They are data mining unwilling Americans and have the nerve to charge us for extra security.
Short answer: hell no they don't!
American's are sitting ducks w/ three credit reporting agencies. 
We have no choice to opt-out of these agencies & they play w/ our lives.
Equifax employees who hid the breach for months & sold their stock before notifying the public should be facing time in prison
you question it NOW? Only just now? I realize you're busy senator, but we all knew this way before now.
Just like it can take months/years to clean up errors in a credit report, the errors Equifax made should have months/years of consequences.
You and a LOT of other people...
Agree
Congressmen shouldn't try to kill or disenfranchise millions of people either. You still try, though. #justsayin
Equifax should be shut down. There's no reason for them to continue to operate and charge the ppl for their Fuckup!!
Couldn't agree more. Any chance of you convincing your 99 playmates to show up for work and accomplish something?
If there’s such thing as corporate capital punishment, Equifax should face it.
I would replace "providing services" with "collecting and selling the personal information of private citizens". What's your plan of action?
I agree with you in principle but I have not heard of any realistic way to make this happen. If you do I'd love to hear it.
they should no longer be operational
It was a complete and utter failure. Because it didn't/wont effect their bottom line. We are not their customers we are the product.
