#podsavetheworld with @MarkWarner about the Intel Committee investigation into Russian interference in our election. https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/pod-save-the-world/id1200016351?mt=2#episodeGuid=gid%3A%2F%2Fart19-episode-locator%2FV0%2FLba7j4U7V_iGrziQRQypP0MjCbN6m1oNq5zQo5ujTmk …
U KNOW WHAT DOESNT PASS MUSTER?OBAMA GIVING IRAN BILLIONS TO FUND ISIS AND OBAMA RELEASING EXTREMELY DANGEROUS TERRORISTS.THAT DOESNT PASS!!

Dems profit from Russia 
REPORT: Anti-Trump Senator Mark Warner Made $6 Million in 2012 From Russian Tech Business http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/05/report-anti-trump-senator-mark-warner-made-6-million-2012-russian-tech-business/ …
We demand an independent investigation into Russia/ Trump/ election. Our democracy is in jeopardy.. counting on you.
Kristi is correct. Where was Warner during all of her lies and illegal activities. #voteoutwarner
THANK GOD FOR YOU
Thank you so much for all your hard work. It's nice to know there are real Patriots working to get the real America back again!!
LOL! And you're so TIED TO RUSSIA, bet you spk their language! All D & R's trying to catch Pres w Russia, when we've known it was all of you
IS IT TRUE YOU TOOK MILLIONS OF DOLLARS FROM RUSSIA CAUSE IF IT IS YOU SHOULD BE UNDER INVESTIGATION
Thank you for doing your job and represent the American people!
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/05/report-anti-trump-senator-mark-warner-made-6-million-2012-russian-tech-business/ …
You see mark when you protest too much we look
Comey wasn't asking for more investigative resources but more prosecuting resources.  It's the DOJ who is stalling.
How about we investigate U! U have $6 million ties to Russia. Do U recall 2012 Yandex? Your net worth $80 million. Seems U work for Urself.
we want a investigation into why you took money from Russia in 2012.We want a investigation into Podesta taking money from Russia
You're doing a good job standing up for our constitution
We demand an investigation into your Russian Payoff Senator! Why did a Russian Company give you Six Million Dollars!
#FRAUD
why is it that the biggest mouth is the biggest fraud. Looks like you made some Russian money senator. Fraud!!!
MW You made enough money of 257 Million. from Nextel. So why didn't correct your Den Elections. E-Mails. How many Fired
wow your bias is truly troubling, just a mouthpiece for the leftist agenda
we all know Comey had to go, the democrats were requesting it for months until he's fired, then you change your mind, party of resistance
Can we expedite by calling for independent investigation to focus full time? Before we have a wall but no affordable health care?
we should investigate the millions that warner made from a Russian company! Fraud
Mark Warner should be our next president
I am a resident of Virginia that voted for you. I will not make that mistake again. Your comments this week are ludicrous.
Anyone asking McCabe if HE pulled Rancid Pre-bum aside to say "don't sweat it," leading to both chairs becoming Drumpf PR flaks prior...
Are you one of the prime architects of the Russian Conspiracy Diversion to blame others for your own party's mistakes and losses?
I just watched you on TV you have more bull sh-t. VA. is calling because you gave money to wife the on Acting FBI guy.
Dirtbag piece of shit libtard
What happened was Trump won, Hillary lost
ITS NO SURPRISE THAT COMEY WAS FIRED.OBAMA SHOULDVE FIRED HIM BACK N JULY BUT DIDNT HAVE THE BALLS TO DO IT OR COMEY HAS SOMETHING ON OBAMA.
KEY question to ask Andrew McCabe tomorrow: Priebus stated months ago that McCabe told him that 'NYT Trump Russia story is BS'! FindOut
We NEED:
Senator...PLEASE FIND A WAY TO OVERRIDE MCCONNELL'S  DECISION TO NOT ALLOW A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR
Step down. Don't u get it?  American people are for our President and his decisions. How dare u come against our President.
Hope u will run again in 2018 so someone else can b elected. The swamp needs to be drained   How dare u
Love hiking the Billy Goat Trail! Looking forward to putting #TrumpRussiaInvestigation to bed so we can discuss jobs.
Do your job! We know he is a traitor. Republicans will pay with votes.
You need to back off of the ridiculous conspiracy crap with Russia. Stand with our President
All of these investigations into Trump are bogus. It is clear the Dems plan to investigate or obstruct Trump for 4 yrs. Comey too political
There is nothing nefarious about this. As independent I'm glad he's gone. He's handled everything poorly. New beginning
Saw you on Fox news...do you EVER not tow the party line?  Jesus...what a disgrace to Virginia....Comey was not able to effectively lead
First Yates, now Comey, time for independent prosecutor!
Half of the people who work for the FBI are glad Comey's gone. He tainted the great reputation of FBI. Dems and some Rep. can't have it both
But, Warner only cares about furthering the Democrat agenda. If there was something going between Trump & Russia, It would b leaked 2 MSNBC.
Your party is ridulous , your crying about the election ,,keep your shirts on because he didn't fire the whole FBI
Stop foreign campaign contributions, that means Obama his vacation was a fundraiser . Your party , Russia ,i don't see the difference
Honestly you tried to unseat Putin with your ngo spreading Obama. Propaganda,Obama has done far worse.Putin actions were passive aggressive
Right before the election being held by NATO. ,Egypt Libya ,AMD them militarized the middleast for Assad
Okay Russian meddle in elections , yet Obama meddled in France twice,used taxpayer dollars to try to unseat Netanyahu,overthrew the Ukraine
The game is over.
I APPRECIATE YOUR HARD WORK, BUT WE SURE COULD USE A FEW LEAKERS AT THE MOMENT! THEY R THE TRUE PATRIOTS OF TODAY! AND  SHOULD BE PROTECTED!

Voices of liberation,

can't be silenced,…
How is it, that your office told #RachelMaddow that your committee will 'Likely NOT B Calling in the highly respected author of the Dossier?
Trump talks to Putin next day he seems to talk everyone into signing the bill this is not a victory my son with autism better not lose
Thank you Sen. Warner. I trust you but have less faith in yr counterpart, Mr. Burr. I'm also your constituent. We anxiously await findings.
as a Va voter what you said about Trump and his term you lost our votes Grow Up do your Job Senate is a joke
Hey Mark, you are #fakenews & anti American, a bunch a socialists aka communist on the senate, you will be voted out, 100%
The committee voicemail box is full!  Doesn't send a great message.
How about an update here? Thanks

#LOCKHIMUP #doYourJOB #whatRUwaiting4 #theTIMEisNOW

Senator. Witnesses! Subpoenas! And how about staff?! #pitiful #shame
you're ok with this guy??
Report: Boris Epshteyn was running Russian counterintelligence op within Trump White House http://www.palmerreport.com/opinion/report-boris-epshteyn-was-running-russian-counterintelligence-operation-within-trump-white-house/2444/ … via @PalmerReport
Carter Page went to Moscow With a Tape of Donald Trump Offering Treason For Hacking
As far as the GOP's reluctance to investigate #russiagate , this painting says it all!
PLEASE DO SOMETHING TO GET BURR TO SIGN DOCS, START INTERVIEWS AND GET INTEL COMMITTEE MOVING.  CAN'T BELIEVE IT'S COME TO A STOP.
You're a Harvard educated lawyer so I'd like to believe that you are actually doing something behind the scenes about #Trumprussia
#Fakenews
What about the claim that the committee is understaffed, has conducted no interviews w/ WH people, etc.? IS the committee just a stage play?
Why can't you have > 40 full time people hired to focus on trump and team Russia connections, given that many on Benghazi???

Remember "you can take that to the bank"? Step up efforts, hire qualified staff/lawyers to investigate. We want public hearings, now!!!
@MarkWarner Sir--It's time2 call out @SenatorBurr.He's turned the investigation into a joke.Please publicly demand his signature on letters.
@SenateGOP must be thrilled that u praised their man. Known as bait and switch, senator. They aren't working for the .
Media reports you and @SenatorBurr are not sufficiently staffing this investigation and its not a priority. Independent investigation now!!
It would appear that there isn't squat going on with the Russian Hacking investigation. Get to work, sir!
I had confidence in ur committee after listening to @PodSaveAmerica, but finding out abt the understaffing I'm completely fed up w our govt.
It's been 26 days since you & @SenatorBurr promised a bipartisan investigation of #RussiaGate #Trumprussia. What are you doing? #Resist
BURR WON'T SIGN DOCS WARNER GAVE HIM TO SIGN AND GET THINGS MOVING.  BURR IS THE PROBLEM AND PEOPLE NEED TO TWITTER HIM TO DO HIS JOB.

4. Trump-Russia-dark money investigation, if led by forensic accounting experts, will inevitably ensnare SuperPACs https://twitter.com/khanoisseur/status/832754855873622018 …
We need you, Senator- please keep pushing Senator Burr to do his job!!!
Dear Senator Warner, Are you going to expose those responsible for holding up the Russian investigation thank you.
You are just as complicit with the GOP and Treason, I hope you get primaried and thrown out of office.
You better take control. Burr will dump failure on you. Do you care?
We need an ind inv....U haven't done diddly squat on this!! Shame on U!  Thought U and Burr were going to get to the bottom of this!
Voted for you. Don't you think it's time to address Burr and call for independent commission ?
#BurrMustRecuse
Sen. Richard Burr is compromised in #TrumpRussia investigation and needs to recuse himself/resign!
how about you actually staff the investigation, not very happy about whats being reported. DO YOUR JOB  you are losing my vote
Senator Warner. Burr being an obstructionist in Intel committee? We don't have time to mess around. Need Indep. Com.
@TVietor08 @ApplePodcasts rep mark is the investigation going as planned
@TVietor08 you said tbe russia investigation was most impt job of your life. That appears not to be true http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2017/04/23/senate-trump-russia-probe-has-no-full-time-staff-no-key-witnesses.html …
IT'S BURR THAT'S NOT COOPERATING.  WON'T SIGN DOCS TO GET INFO THEY NEED.  TWITTER GOP SENATE AND BURR HIMSELF.
@TVietor08 i listened when this came out & was reassured but clearly you were not telling the truth http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2017/04/23/senate-trump-russia-probe-has-no-full-time-staff-no-key-witnesses.html …
@GOP #trumpgang will STEAL ANOTHER ELECTION if we let them!  
INDICT @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @NRCC @USAGSessions @VP @POTUS TREASON 
Where are we at on this?  Need independent investigation
The longer it takes for the Hearings to start, the greater the damage Trump does! EXPEDITE!

Anybody who thinks Senate intel Russia probe will get to the bottom of things should read this... https://www.yahoo.com/news/senate-russia-probe-flounders-amid-partisan-bickering-130323166.html …
It's starting to seem like ineffective SSCI only seemed smoother than House because Schiff actually gets stuff done.
Daily Beast article is beyond distressing. What is going on?
Read the DAILY BEAST article?
Senator Warner, how is the Russian investigation going? Any news? Can we impeach him yet?
ENCOURAGE EVERYONE TO TWITTER GOP SENATE AND SENATOR BURR HIMSELF.  IT'S BURR THAT'S HOLDING UP THE PROCESS REFUSES TO SIGN DOCS FOR INFO.
Dear Senator Warner , Now that Senator Graham is happy with trumps bombing will that slow down the Senate's investigation into Russia thx
thanks for misleading the people. Obama is the new Nixon, confirmed he spied on the trump campaign last year
Wow. Might have to listen to this twice to truly digest. Thank you.
@TVietor08 That episode was fantastic…thank you, @MarkWarner for all your hard work on behalf of our country!
Where's the outrage from our Democratic Party about EVERYTHING! What you haven't learned is that when GOP is on vacation, you pound them.
Do something to stop Trump. He is destroying the USA & our elected officials r just standing around like nothing is happening. Do something
if you guys could plz hurry up the investigation and get Trump out  before he starts WW3, that'd be great.
Thanks for explaining the traditional role of the Intel Committee and thanks for doing @TVietor08 's @PodSavetheWorld
Listened this morning. Excellent job. Thanks for your service.
Really made me feel better to hear someone smart and competent talking about this—thanks for coming on the pod.
Excellent interview. Thank you!
amazing show. Very informative. Keep fighting the good fight
Great and informative interview. Thanks for being #friendofthepod
@jonfavs this was a great conversation. I learned so much and feel much better about Senate Intel committee's investigation. Thx
But do you have a tshirt to prove it?
Excellent Pod. Loved this discussion.
@cat136
Enjoyed listening to you today. One of the better talks and interviews I've heard recently #podsavetheworld #friendofthepod
@TVietor08 @jonlovett new friend of he pod here. Subbed to all of your shows. Keep it up guys 
Was very enlightening. Thank you!
Loved the podcast, thank you for bipartisanship and integrity
I LOVE Crooked Media's podcasts and was ecstatic when I heard you'd be on! 
I wish you still represented my family - instead we get Cornyn & Cruz. #imissvirginia #nativevirginian
So great hearing Mark Warner on the pod. Proud to have him as my Senator and to hear an informed voice speak on these important issues.
Great conversation. I learned more in 15-minute interview than I have in months about important intelligence processes.
Excellent pod. Please vote no on concealed carry reciprocity. @MomsDemand #gunsense
@TVietor08 You add a measure of stability & transparency that we desparately need right now & u keep my faith in America strong
Awesome interview! @crookedmedia continues to be the most thoughtful and intelligent news out there
Just listening to it when your tweet came through. Great interview!
Yay @MarkWarner !!!
Loved the interview!
brilliant conversation! We look forward to more
Hopefully you'll get a t-shirt.  #podsavetheworld
Nice interview. Thank you.
A rational conversation about how a foreign power interfered with our Presidential election.
Excellent & informative interview. Thank you. And how often do you hear about the Church Commission?
Thanks for coming on the pod
@TVietor08 Send that friend a shirt!
This Russian narrative seems to be getting a bit repetitive.
Investigations take a long time and they won't always be newsworthy. I'd rather both sides take all the time needed and get it right.
