Session, Coats and Rogers have all said "I don't wanna answer" with no legal basis for this. So all US citizens get to do this? DO SOMETHING
It's your duty to ensure Intel hearing q's are answered, & if un-answered w/ no legal basis, to call Contempt of Congress. @SenatorBurr
What a rude, self serving man is Mark Warner.
Warner was Governor of my state and an excellent one I might add. The Repugnicans were clearly aligned w/ Sessions. Drank the same Kool Aid?
He recused himself from ANYTHING related to the 2016 campaign.That includes Hillary..The "basis" for firing Comey.....
How did Huma ever get WH clearance?  Huma's parents R both members of the Muslim Brotherhood.  Also worth investigation, she had classified
We need an investigation into Warner's Russian connections and the absurd profits he made. #SenateHearing
Comey testimony more damning to Lynch.  Bring Lynch back to face obstruction.  Comey acted beyond his pay scale when he pardoned Hillary.
LOL
What and ass....how rude. you ask a question then never give the guy a chance to answer simply because you aren't hearing what you want.
Just wondering when Burr will be exposed. We all know he has Russian ties and is sinisterly undermining your investigation.
Is striped or solid?
green as in the color of money
Is Obamas tie black for Iran or green for the 150 billion he smuggled to them ?
salem witch trials 2.0
Reopen criminal investigation of Hillary.  Stupid to say no intent for a lawyer & cabinet member.  She knew better,even destroyed evidence.
You should be ashamed of yourself for your rude, disrespectful behavior towards AG Sessions. This was typical grandstanding.
What a waste!  tRump's clones are like Stepford Wives. Grow a pair would you?  What a cluster F!
You were rude, I interrupting Sessions several times.  Get social skills.
This witch hunt needs to end!  Do your job and make lives better for the American people!  We are sick of all this grandstanding
SENATE INTELLIGENCE IS NOW AN OXYMORON. Meeting at the Mayflower was a joke. You and fellow DemWits looked like idiots again.
Psst.. did you forget or didn't care and lied? I'd go with you lied.
Sen. Mark Warner just referenced "recent events in France," even though French intelligence concluded no evidence of "Russian hacking." 
"I don't know how... I don't recall"...I don't remember but if there was a meeting"...You owe the American people better,shame Jeff Sessions
I was disappointed in the entire hearing.
Scariest thing: Neither AG or potus have ANY INTEREST in Russia messing  with US election system; GOP Congress neither. Need your diligence.
Sessions is making you look foolish. And it isn't taking much. 
Didn't you mean Warner is making Sessions look foolish and dim-witted!
What a joke. How can he even function in life, let alone, manage the judicial branch if our Govt, if he cannot recall basic facts?
#ComeyLeaks #ComeyLies #DrainTheSeepState #Unmasking #WitchHunt
Watched the whole horse & pony show.  Did not witness much intelligence except from Senator Cotton.  How long will U kick an empty can ?
You were a PARTISAN embarrassment
Sessions crushed it and you just look petty.
Seems to me after watching that he did his best not to testify, and he also tried to talk about other things as much as poss to burn time
@POTUS @VP @SenatorBurr  You won't do anything about Russian attacks, got it. My bet is trump is building up for a coup or a civil war. 
You're showing facial panic  Stick to how to defend about Russia. Obvious Dem perspective is anti-Trump NOT anti-Russia Becoming shamefull
When your wife went to the grocery store last July, could you tell us who she spoke to, did she say hi, or ask about their parents?
And I was proud to be a Virginian. Your people appreciated your questioning. Thank you.
Was waiting 4 a dem 2 ask Sessions 2 produce DOJ doc re: protecting Trump's constitutional rights to invoke exec privi in the future. U did
RESIGN!!!
PARTISAN-HACK SEN. WARNER!
Terrible disrespect today to @AGJeffSessons!
ZERO EVIDENCE.
#FAKENEWS
Don't let them get away with this! A bunch of ol' boy whack jobs pandering to and protecting each other...Do your job!
Half of Session's answers are nonsensical and intentionally wordy so as to run out time.
Took you long enough to get sound bites out.
Must read @MarkWarner
Too bad #JeffSessions can't remember anything. I wonder why ...
smoke screen. (2/2)
unprecedented FBI director firing? D9nt you know history senator? Bill Clinton, 1993, William sessions. Nice try at the (1/2)
How dare @MarkWarner misconstrue 'fake news' comments w ACTUAL Russia hacking that Obama, YOU & Comey allowed to continue! #SessionsHearing
You must be sooo frustrated...AG Sessions is clearly so much more the MAN, Attorney, Patriot and Gentleman you could ever HOPE to be-U Fraud
Here's a crazy thought, stop wasting taxpaper's money & start doing your jobs and do something positive for the country.
What you're doing is extremely important, thank you. Keep it up!

Holy crap Jeff sessions is owning this hearing! I'm convinced it is a Witchhunt
I want Senator Harris to not be interrupted!!!!!!!!!! I want AG Session to answer the questions asked. Stop evading.
It seems Mr. Sessions has very selective memory.
Can't believe you just cited an unsupported newsmax interview in your questioning.  Your amateurism is unbelievable
If you really want the truth, you would let Mr. Sessions answer questions instead of RUDELY interrupting EVERY TIME!! Don't be such a BULLY!
This man is clearly lying  abt what happened. Clearly Congress has no power. All balance has been lost
I know you are a Democrat, but for goodness gracious, read the US Constitution!!
I as only a naive citizen questioned in late fall what Russia was doing .. how could AG Sessions never have discussed this with anyone ?????
How did Obama & Comey allow Russian hacking of DNC?
My God, were you made to look like a fool today!!
I don't recall, I don't know, I can't say, that's private , I protect Trump no matter what, I am stupid, I am a liar , I don't recall-bull
Who is @MarkWarner trying to impress treating Sessions that way?!  Are there any Americans wanting to see their AG spoken to so rudely? 
you don't seem to b so intelligent, when you ASK a question, YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO WAIT UNTIL THE ANSWER IS FINISHED!   STOP INTERRUPTING!
Complete lack of respect for former colleague today.Try not interrupting and letting him answer. Its a hearing, he's not on trial.
You're a joke! This is why we need term limits.. you and the liberal will be found guilty of treason
Who needs to Collude when you've professed admiration for a bloody Dictator, Oligarchs, taken Laundered Cash & Invited Vlad to Hack!? LOL
Warner interrupts Sessions in each of his first seven answers.  Warner's partisan ignorance is appalling.#MAGA #TrumpTrain @realDonaldTrump
Yes, because Sessions was trying to run out his time.
Sessions is in a hurry to get over to Russia, he really would rather be there.
Why is he able to recall all the times he didn't have communications with Russians but ALWAYS 'can't recall' the ones that media reports?
There's a 1000 people at a party, you bump into someone, they say hi. 6 months later, someone asks if you communicated w/person. BREAK!
Everyone in Trumps orbit forgets their meetings with Russians, whom attacked our country, but recalls every other detail... nonsense!
Like McCaskill forgot.
Hey Senator Ignorant .. how about letting people answer questions U ask & have some respect, let them answer questions! U R trying to steer!
You are on fire right now! Keep it up!
Sessions just said he didn't have communication with Kisliyak before or after Mayflower reception but he can't recall whether he did during.
LOL..Sessions making you look like the pathetic political hack that UR..UR a traitorous America hating coward without an ounce of integrity
Your stuck on the mayflower. Have you ever been there? Who were you meeting? Isn't that the hotel Monica lewinsky where Dems go to .....
Encounter versus a meeting.  Comprehend that Werner?  Yes you do, but that doesn't fit your scenario does it.
Your line of questions seem so ignorant and hypothetical. #hypothetical
Shut up Warner and try listening for a change! When you speak you sound like a fool!
After a year of Obama spying on Trump World, Dems got nothing but smearing innuendo,half truths&lies to demonize&undermine Trump&his cabinet
#IndictSchumer he met with Vlad Russia Russia Russia
Vlad Pal didn't give Chuck $100 Mill in laundered cash in return for a tear down in Florida. Chuck's family weren't hustling Russian $$$.
Looking for #NothingBurger you keep pointing to Cheeseburgers that are not there but insisting they are! Stop being a #DICK! #Sessions
Americans are counting on you . Thank you Sir , please continue the good work . 
get over it. You lost. The only crimes were committed by Obama and Hillary.
COMEYS A LEAKER COMEYS A LEAKER #IndictComey #IndictLorettaLynch #DNCFraudLawsuit investigate your own party what a disgrace!!
Warner has nothing but hot air.  Let someone else talk...... fresh start, really
This is lunacy. No need to have done this.
You need to learn to shut up Mark and let a question be answered. That said, your rudeness embodies the Democrat party. #SessionsHearing
You are a rude & obnoxious man.
Last week all intel chiefs&Comey testified there was no collusion&there was no investigation of Trump.It was all an Obama Lie.
May we get a full account of every public official in DC from the Obama Administration forward who has met with Kislyak?

Don't let him ramble / thank you sir !!
Excited to welcome you to "Trump 2020" campaign........
Someone get the hook.  This guy is terrible.  He doesn't even know who has the authority to claim privilege.
#WitchHunt #ComeysALeaker #IndictComey ! INDICT Loretta Lynch !You are ridiculous Senator this is a sham&hoax investigateUrParty
Democrat Warner You must Resign
WeThePeople Will Sue Obstruction of Our Justice
Won't let Session Talk
Warner Espionage nRussianInvestments?
Get a clue, honey.
Stop being so rude.
Every intel chief said there was NO obstruction&NO collusion&Trump is not&was not under investigation.Libs have moved on to their next lie.
Intelligence Community says evidence for Russian interference an unequivocal FACT.  How is it AG Sessions still calls it an "allegation"!
somebody easily hacked Podestas email, he gave them the password. I would love to see what was put on social media by the Russians. 1 exampl
Good job.
At the MAYFLOWER...
Oh my god, they are breathing the same air.  hey, let's meet under the chairs, we'll discuss colluding to do something bad to America. NUTS!
Do you ever stop lying? The questions you ask are based on false, untrue premises, yet you continue as if they were true. You're a disgrace.
How do you listen to his BS with a calm straight face? I sure couldn't!
May we ask Sessions if our daughters will be safe from grabbers and peepers and fraudsters like Donald Trump? Workers paid?
Now your defending him? Typical (3/3)
the FBI? Good thing he's not director anymore. Weren't you one of those accusing comey of costing Clinton the election? (2/3)
I'm wondering if you will investigate all sen who've met with a damn Russian? Comey was unnerved haha, the director of (1/3)
What does @MarkWarner know about Loretta lynch collusion it should be looked into
Are we going to hold people in contempt of court when it's obvious they're lying?
What Sessions is leaving out is that AFTER his hearing answer to Franken, he also left it out of written answers, which staff vet carefully
Not believing a word of his dramatic prepared statement. He's lied before & is doing it again. @BWilliams @wolfblitzer @maddow @jaketapper
This same guy pledged his loyalty yesterday at the Cabinet meeting to trump. Of course he is going to lie for him. Look at his boss.
Sessions begs the Question of Making Trump a Desirable Candidate eg Sanctions will be Gone!, Knowing Putin had the means to influence votes!
Did Sessions et al work to make Trump a favorable candidate to Putin knowing, as we all did, Putin could work for his election? Did he?
Go get em Jeff!! Send the swamp creatures (obstructionist dems)'back to the swamp!! You have more integrity then all of them together!!
Sessions DOES NOT ANSWER: Did Trump or Surrogates suggest they would remove sanctions if he won? Did Trump financial dealings influence him?
WE MUST look iNTO whY #Lynch met with @billclinton AT SAME TIME the FOUNDATION was under #Investigation #WTF #Democarts are FINISHED
foundation was not under investigation. Audited x3, clean as a whistle, A+ rating from every group. No transfers of $ to family like Trumps.


"#AmalgamationDrumprf"- Two or more racial stock interbreed or "#IntermarringTrump" So that originally distinct group fused into new stocks. 
Big #NADA 
you & dem party are the problems. You ignoried  all of Obama/HRC crimes & are on a frenzy all things Trump. Now start to govern or go home.
you just get worse with your questions. We actually pay you a salary/benefits to be so stupid/biased.
Pelosi going down next for talking to Russian
It's sad that she won't go down 4 her own Russia connections, its sad that she is such a liar  & most important she has never contributed
to any bills in the House of Representatives, she is a disgrace to herself as well the great institution of the House of Representatives!  J
@TheJusticeDept Every Tom Dick and Harry hacked us. Iran, China, Russia and Iran. I hope we are better protected now.Why were we not before?
Because GOP declined Obama requests for funding for improved technical and cyber up-grades for 8 years. Look It Up.
The hurdles won't stop.  Russia. Nope. Collusion. Nope. Obstruction. Nope. Lawsuits. I can guess the outcome.  What else you got?
Oh, they'll come up with something just wait!! Buying too many Girl Scout cookies!! That's next and they'll be a hearing on it!!
I bet he says he recused himself pro-actively to avoid any of this BS from ever hitting his desk - so he could get real work done.
Like limiting access to voting rights for people of color? Like limiting investigations into malfeasance at financial institutions?
Non-sequitur... can't respond. Or, irrational-relativist-response ... Dead Kittens?
You lost the audience in the middle of your rambling comments at the start. You are nothing but a hot dog grand stander
Thank you for being our voice. Please don't let this hostile witness, one of Trump's biggest fans, get away with lying under oath today
Can we sue mark Warner for wasting taxpayer money on this charade ?
I can't wait till Loretta Lynch is called to testify.
#RussianAmnesiaEpidemic
You will NEVER be president so let it go now! We see you for what you are, an obstructionist with an agenda!
Also let's look into what Warner knew about Loretta Lynch
But will anyone ask him the hard questions? Doubtful
Sessions seems to be squirming already!
Omg I know did you just see him he fell off his chair

Already squirming and tugging at his collar...
Omg I know he just took his shirt off did u see
The GOP needs to decide if they are for America and the truth or are for party and Putin. It's that simple.
We'd like you to spend the next 6 months in hearings, we do not want u to perform your job, neither do we have any intention of legislating.
Yes he does. Sit still and be respectful
Yea he should sit still like Loretta lynch huh
He already looks nervous
Oh I know look at the sweat omg
We should impeach him.  Right?
