Whn Dems held both houses and WH, why didn't you act then? U say 2 care about this because Trump is against -go serve VA constituents needs!
No you guys can't even get rid of Obamacare and give insurance to millions of Americans and you want to deal with illegals you're crazy
Good, let's make it right and legal !
Forget demographics n latino votes its time for comprehensive legal immigration reform
Time to pass #hr392 not just #ProtectDREAMers @TeamPelosi @SenSchumer @POTUS
Thanks, Congressman - we agree on this one.
No retreat from...Get to work. ..drop the HATE SPEECH
I'd retweet as long as the immigration status of every dreamer's parents was checked in tandem with dreamer amnesty.
Keep the dreamers and deport Trump to Russia.
You could have done this in August. But wait you clowns took a month off.
It's time to turn it down. Tell them to become Citizens,  give them 1 year
Amnesties of all types only serve to encourage more lawbreaking.
Let's call it what it is, an amnesty if you break the law long enough you get the reward.  DREAM is such a meaningless euphemism! #NoDACA
Congress should do its job, complete the budget, tax reform, fix Obama care, infrastructure, immigration reform.
Why don't protect your own legal citizens first
Yeah its time kill it
Yes yes yes.....Let's go!
#CongressDoYourJob #ProtectDREAMers
There illegal the bottom line. There are was to come here legal but they chose not to.they drive the wage down for lower jobs. Open your eye
Build the wall then i will rt
Please protect the Dreamers!
Ya maybe Congress should have been working on a plan rather then having Obama sign this order in the first place
Please don't stop #resist ing!
Permanent status...period...
Thank you Senator for working to keep their dream alive.
Thank you Senator.
Totally agree but why the change from when Dems controlled everything.  Why didn't you then!! Damn politicians!!'
No. Vote on Kate's Law first. Put Americans before illegals. #NoDACA
DACA was illegal, but congress must work together to protect those brought to this country due to no fault of their own.
No fault of the kids but why should we keep pay for it
I think there should be a way to keep them here but with a stipulation no new ones there has to be a end or this won't stop
Mark Warner is right!
Let's #ProtectAmericansFirst. Maybe #Healthcare before tackling #immigrationreform
Yes and throw it away and work on something else that's legal and beneficial to all
Retweet you feel all congress needs voted out of office and replaced with new energy & ideas. Set 1 Term Limit on these morons with our vote
I agree with Trump. It is time for Congress to vote on the DREAM Act.
#SaveDACA
The Republcans are going to be facing a huge backlash in the next election, we promise and w/keep our promises.  They have become traitors
Only if you have the votes!
What about legal adoption or marriage?
Yes! Vote this week. Holding children hostage is anathema to the American Soul.
You had how many years.  All talk. No action.
Retweet if you think your Senators spend too much on twitter and not enough legislating. @MarkWarner @timkaine @realDonaldTrump
RETWEET if you believe it's Time for Congress to do their Job & #ImpeachTrump
Time for YOU to do your job or step a side and let someone else do it.
Retweet if you agree it’s time for Congress to vote on the DREAM Act. #ProtectDREAMers
It's past time protect th dreamers and give citizenship path
nope
Vote, by all means. We need to identify all pro-open-border members in Congress so we can get rid of them.
#defendDACA
Go for it! Get that legislation passed 
American workers have dreams of their own & they are being denied because they are being told they don't matter. Out there rubbing nickels
Not about humanity. It's about legal citizens right 2 security of our borders, & upholding the constitution.
Senator, illegal immigrants did not elect you. You need to focus on what is best for the CITIZENS of VA, protect them from illegals!
Executive Amnesty order by OBAMA was illegal to begin with. You can tug heart strings all you like but the fact is they are still illegals
We need a sensible Immigration Bill. One that  controls our borders and sets immigration flows based on America's need. #ImmigrationBill
Go for it!!
Get busy,  then!  Don't make the bill like the ACA, so thick no one knows what is in it!
Why do you insist on putting American Citizens 2nd?
Do a clean sacs bill without the wall added to it
Congress needs to put American Born Dreamers First.
#protectamericans
If I were a member of Congress, this would be at the top list of priorities.

Better yet #Impeach45 and then fix this and dozens of other issues.
Congress should act on issues that effect Americans.Obviously you,Tim Cain and his Antifa spawn Woody are only concerned with illegals.
Never Citizenship ever
Democrats are obsessed with breaking laws! It's about time they try to actually make a law
Ok Senator Warner, make this happen ASAP.  800K lives are depending it!
Congress needs to address the WHOLE immigration picture not just "dreamers." Improve. And keep out people who hate us and our western values
Congress should pass laws for legal Americans first: Healthcare, the Wall, tax reform, infrastructure, jobs, reduce regs, ..... before DACA.
I think that passing buck done for years by both parties.  Same both sides aisle, sick of it, sick of it.  #OurRevolution get money out of P
Yes I will agree with you DemoczRATS fix Obama mess you know he did not have authority but he did thanks to you demoRAT.
Attach it to a Must Pass #HarveyRelief bill @MarkWarner mark!!!
Yes. Write it today. Vote on it tomorrow. End this so 800,000 can feel safe.
Why didn't you do that in the first place? You knew what BHO did was unlawful YOU stood by him. Instead congress could have passed a law!
@SenateDems Obama begged them to do it and the Republican led congress refused! That is how DACA came about!
They will not have a vote on this now they will wait the 6 months & then it will be the beginning of election season we know what that means
Agree-maybe the way to win congressional doubters -convince them to fast pass Dream Act so they can focus on their dream of 4% GDP growth
the left played this game before and lied 
Why are your dem leaders behaving like 8yr olds? Unless they know you're not capable? That's how they're making you look
Warner is 1st Democrat to embrace the opportunity POTUS gave congress to make DACA a legal thing. Trump makes 1st try for immig. Reform
I would have to agree that those who cut in line of legal immigration is ok and I just can't do that. There must be consequences.
Absolutely, vote to repeal. Let's get back to the constitution and the rule of LAW!!!
About time
Read tweet if you think it's time for term limits to get rid of career politicians like Warner. #ProectCitizens
McConnell we know does not have this as a priority as he failed to even mention it yesterday! Its ridiculous not to fix it now and cruel
Attach Dream Act to Harvey relief
Duh.
What about the parents? No one is talking about them. How many more poor people from Mexico do you expect us to support? Build the dam wall.
A CLEAN version of the DREAM Act, not tied to budget or a racist unnecessary WALL
Retweet if you agree it’s time for Congress to do their job no matter how many retweets they get. #ProtectDREAMers
Let them start the process for citizenship.  They WANT TO BE AMERICANS.
Agree! #ProtectDACA
Yes. Legislation already exists. 2 workable I think. McConnell needs to put it up.
How can we help to push for a vote? #ProtectDREAMERs

@SpeakerRyan using human lives for ur racist agenda to build a wall is inhumane. You r at an all-time new low below ground evil low #daca 
Yes, please pass a clean Dream Act bill as soon as possible.
#GOPCOMPLICIT #GOPPAIDOFF #GOPPAY4PLAY #GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP #GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #Scruples4Rubles #NotLookingGood #SILENTGOP #RUSSIANMADEWH @GOP
Hey Marky, support Americans not illegals! If u support illegals over Americans, u ARE not with America! I hate moronic politicians!
Alternatively, If you support punishing children who grew up here for their parents actions you are a Republican. I hate moronic Republicans
DEMAND A Straight Up Stand Alone Bill Nothing Less !!!
At the rate congress is going I'd rather deport congress than dreamers

@SpeakerRyan using human lives for ur racist agenda to build a wall is inhumane. You r at an all-time new low below ground evil low #daca 
Please do something asap
Absolutely time for Congress. Been way past time Show leadership & tell Schumer/Pelossi to admit it and stop blaming Trump for challenging u
Dems look shameful Instead of accepting challenge to help DACA kids they take easy way out and blame Trump for their inaction
no dreamers without border protection
http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=128303672 …

#liesoftheleft
Please demand a clean version of the bill only. Do not bargain with the lives of dreamers. Thank you Sen. Warner!

Is there a bill already submitted to replace the soon to be phased out DACA?
Hell no, Congress has thighs like Olympians from kicking cans down the road...



