Yes, working together is the way to go.
It's called not doing your job
Why did you progressive frauds pass the pos aca in the first place? No other reason than to satisfy your power lust- bullshit from the start

What blathering nonsense will you be spewing when obamacare crumbles? I've never heard of trumpcare? pretty positive their is no such thing
Are you serious? Have you seen the news in the last 6 months?
Senator Warner, You have no idea how many Americans like me are out here, listening to what you say, appreciating so much all you do. Thx.
Then why can't he answer Covuto when asked where's Warner's PROOF Russia influenced election? Hillary lost because she's extremely corrupt!!
I will be glad when you are replaced by Corey Stewart.  You are part of the deep state.  Time to go.
How do you know he is part of the deep state?
THANK YOU Senator!
This has nothing to do with healthcare and everything to do with health insurance. Try tort reform and nationwide open marketplace. Please.
Warner cut it out.  You have been let loose.  Back in the cage now.
Amen!!!!!
Trump should just take the loss. He called Democrats out for doing this last year, he's a hypocrite.
Oh so now the Democrats are racist.....  Tell me again which party always is endorsed by the KKK?
Maybe once you finally get cheaper health care, doctors will find the medical reason for the shit coming from your mouth. #justathought
Thanks for fighting so hard for the people of Virginia we appreciate everything you do
Ain’t no failure yet, while U talk it up on the MSM. Only failure is not supporting our @POTUS & refusing to help repeal an Obamacare mess!
Thank you Senator for supporting your constituents. Republicans should take notice and do the same.
TY for Holding the line, it works! Keep defending disabled, seniors, veterans, children and working families.#Trumpcare = #wealthcare
You sir. Are simply not an honest man!
Well said Senator!!!! Well said!
It's easy to fix, Get government out of it. Let capitalism and the free market work. Prices will drop like a rock.
Tried that insurance companies got richer, health care cost trajectory unsustainable.bankruptcy related to high cost of care, uninsurability
You are disgrace for America
You admit the current system is broken. Time to let open up competition across state lines.
As Obamacare crumbles America will see it for what it was...one big LIE. According to Gruber it was passed due to the stupidity of Americans
Now to get this incompetent dictator out of the WH before he kills us.


Blatant lack of Integrity! Trumpcare/Obamacare whatever. Real issue=NONEOFYOUCARE for hard working people burdened with mess YOU inflicted.
Stop talking
Report:
In secret meeting, Trump told Putin to silence agents and cut outs who contacted Trump campaign.
Amen, but can that happen under the current political climate? Also, can a single-pay, not for profit system work for us?
It will be fixed when we get you out #gone2018
When you and your dems stop payment on your obamacare kickbacks? Then maybe it could happen
There's a word... but I'll just wish to heaven your party had thought the same when the ACA was passed.
Thank you!  Ur Virginia constituents need sensible, smart public healthcare policy.  Keep up the hard work.
What in the He!! ? That's what the American ppl expected you all to do the last six months. You are all failures!
Except this isn't how Democracy works. This is how a Republic works...
...in a Democracy there would be ballots and citizens would vote.
Repeal an replace you .... thanks for looking out for the interest of people who ADD to the GDP in VA and actually pay taxes & instance
*insurance (not instance) sorry.
Mueller is waste of time and tax payers money.  He a bias panel only a Lynch mob. He makes a joke if the whole system with his panel picks
Regarding healthcare it is time that every1 sit down bipartisan & work something out that's the best for the people.  No exclusions anywhere
Why are you not talking about the corruption and collusion with Clintons and Russia.  The obstruction of  justice?  Watch Hannity get truth

Thank heavens YOU & @SenateDems can multi-task b/c @realDonaldTrump seems to be able to focus on himself & the least important things!
Mark,.. WHY didn't DEMOCRATS work in a BIPARTISAN way from the beginning?? Stop feeding us this line of Horse hockey! YOU R @ fault!!
Thank you Sen. Warner.
Always glad to see you talking. Intelligence is at center of this crisis + your talking so openly makes me feel the grownups are in charge.
Bill me democrats
Best to repeal totally. Expand Medicaid and qualify by county median income. Remove income ceiling off SS  tax then lower Medicare age to 62
Thank you Senator Warner!!!
I've been without insurance for 3 years. Obamacare care is 830 a mo & $6250 deductible, Worthless! Subsidies too low without cost of living
Is not Trumpcare. Senators build the plan with no democratic offer any new ideas.  I'm for a full repeal now.  Move those fund to Medicaid
Wait until the #Resistance forces impeachment. We are not giving up. Trump must go. #KeepResisting #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Good Grief democracy at work put the Kool Aid down Senator
Fuck The GOP - Stop being so Passive
#FixTheACA
Thank you sir for all your hard work! Thank you sooo much 
What hard work?  All he does is whine ... though that must take strong lungs.
You need to READ BLOG at http://www.GETAnalysis.ca  called: 

The Nine Lives Of ‘ObamaCare’ & Death of ‘TrumpCare’
Thank you @MarkWarner for all you do to fight for our democracy!
We've had a front seat to the failures of Obamacare. #LetItFail #DemsOwnIt
Tell, em Mark! Abandon the #WealthCareBill and #RepairNotRepeal! 

(P.S. Tell Mrs Warner you need a nice warm cup of tea with honey)
Thank you for your part. Main problem is the 40+ yr upward spiral of cost between ins cos and providers. How to interrupt that spiral? 1/?
It's clear that the for profit insurance model doesn't work. Also clear that cost of care is too high for ordinary ppl to afford. 2/?
Why not just fix Medicare/Medicaid and then focus on bringing down costs.  Gov't should not be running health-care.
Yet, Our President snubs Democrats by inviting only R's to talk & audacity to suggest repeal still after all our efforts to make him hear us
Did you hear what McConnell said? He has the pitiful balls to blame the Dems. Good lick working with that dickwad on anything bipartisan.
What about Medicare for all?
It's more then we saw when ObamaCare passed! Maybe if you had passed a version with bipartisan support, we wouldn't be where we are now!
No, we want it repealed.
D3mocracy? No we saw three women show compassion & stand up to Relublicans. Democracy DEPENDS on Compassionate Leadership taking a stand.
There is nothing worse than a pissed off democrat. Republicans should settle in for a LONG FIGHT!
Why should we trust you since you screwed it up the first time?  Go do your witch hunting thing.
So are you saying that what you voted for and endorsed whole heartedly is failing?

Yep now you own ACA good luck with that


A couple thoughts. Y just I get a new I exam to get glasses that haven't changed? Y can't I order my own tests? We can save if we think new
You sir want to play nice now? Pffft. Where were you when the Obamacare fiasco was rammed down our throats. What a hot mess u helped create.
exactly!
@GOP has shown they have no better plan. Is ACA a plan the people want to keep?  Place a referendum on this November's ballot and find out.
We need to impeach trump and his band of Russian traitors or nothing will get done.  How much did Pence know during transition?  A LOT!!
Axe Mandate, finetraps, high deductibles, and still too high premiums. Everybody says must have fine trap mandate to make work. I say bs.
Demagogue
Tell me what democracy looks like? This is what democracy looks like!!!!
Nah. Obama and Dems set it up for failure. I agree w/Trump Dems own this. Nice try to deflect though
GOP could've repealed and replaced without any Democrat input. They couldn't get the votes. Try placing the blame where it belongs.
How can we trust u to fix the mess u helped make? U are a joke and so is ur party
Your own party could've done it without his input and it still wasn't replace or repealed. This ones on the GOP.
It's long past time!
Mark then step up!  Haven't seen you guys running to the table.
Shame on u Mark W.  my friend is hard working but can't afford the $1200 per month premium and $14000 deductible so he and his fam go w/ oit
Thank you. Proud you are my senator.
Nothing will happen. Both parties are a joke!!!
Yes that we should do it . Reform and fixed ACA.
Fix means stop the fraud and the overcharging the providers and stop the freaking lawsuits that cost the providers billions, you know!!!
You are right. But as a constituent, pls put the hammer down on the Russia stuff. Every day makes clear that Russia has something on Trump.
Mr. Warner I've just been diagnosed with a throat tumor thanks to Obamacare. Please don't let them take these vulnerable people off.
Quit swallowing the garbage @CNN @TIME @washingtonpost @MSNBC @CBS @NBCNews @HuffPost put out every day.  You'll feel so much better.
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayerNow
Those 50+ Votes by @GOP were Simply costly POLITICS @BarackObama wasn't signing on #Repealnowreplacelater is Kicking can down the road SILLY
Bout time someone said "we're going this waywho wants to come?  Let's get something done.
FIX IT! DON'T REPEAL IT! GEEZ!
Thank you for all your bipartisanship effort through your many years of service to Virginians..mad luv from 757
There is no place for logic and reason in this administration.  WTF?
Having Odumbocare fail has been President Trump's plan all along. The "He doesn't own it" comment says it all.  McConnell and Ryan gotta go!
Dems want to do that, but McConnell & GOP resist.
You are resisting the improvement of Our Country. GET with the program that will make us strong again, or get out.
You can make it happen Senator! 
This clips got 2020 written all over it
YES!  Congress could use Cornell's Interest-Based Negotiation to find solutions to health care! https://www.ilr.cornell.edu/people/areas-expertise/interest-based-negotiations-win-win … … … …
I think step one in that may be impeached the president.
Just like when the #ACA was passed? Oh wait, rammed down throats with complete partisanship.
Sure, Senator Warner - we trust you having Virginia’s best interests at heart:
Bawhahahahahaha kind of like the Republicans did with the ACA?
Yes the way to fix Healthcare is with a bipartisan repeal effort!
Thank you Mr Bipatisanship! NOT!
I don't care how many look-alike Warners you show me. They are all bad news at this time.
It's #obamacare that. you voted for & supported that is #failing. Shame on YOU for lying and politicizing peoples lives
Its not failing. Even Rand, McCain, Capito were willing to admit that.
of course it's failing. insurance companies are leaving the exchanges some places don't have any or have just 1. most Drs won't take it
Rather than go on anecdotes how about some facts? Here's some to mull over that day otherwise.
Thanks!  I called your office about this issue. I'm glad you're one of those senators who actually listen to your constituents.
Thank you for all your genuine public service. You are appreciated!
Thank you so much for fighting the good fight. We will not forget
And as the insurance companies continue to pull away & leave states with one or no providers, America will turn away from Obamacare big time
Thank you for all your effort to make healthcare available and affordable for everyone.
Dems have been screaming how great Obamacare is. Now explain  to the people when they come to your door. You own it enjoy. @realDonaldTrump
Just like the GOP owns TrumpCare right? House, Senate and still can't pass bills, didn't need Dems to obstruct, your own party did that.
and fix the partisan problem that you started
So you admit Dem Obamacare is broken? Why did Dems pass Obamacare to begin with then?
