A draft HHS regulation would allow *any* employer to opt out of birth control mandate and take effect immediately. 
https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/5/31/15716778/trump-birth-control-regulation …
@smith_lois @POTUS @sarahkliff And the freedom of corporations to get in the way of women's healthcare. Gov't enabled misogyny.
Will anything be left of life as we know it by the time he is done?
DJT is a narcissist.  There's no policy calculation here.  After the Women's March we have wounded him.  He is vindictively retaliating.
You did not represent women at your skanky "march."
Why so angry, my dear?
I didn't type it in an angry manner.. Just stated a fact, but thanks for another ASSumption.
#FullRepeal!  Let us make our own choices! Please, give us back the freedom afforded us by the Constitution. #UnitedForFreedom
Thank you, and please continue your fight for women in this country. As if birth control is an employer's business; what about HIPAA laws?
Then don't make it your employer's business by expecting them to pay for your rampant sexcapades. Easy, peasy...
People's health care is private, not up for their employer's review; your statement is ridiculous.
ARE U BIASED MUCH???
You're becoming more irrelevant every day.
actually it is, you must not be old enough to be peri-menapausal, its a hormone used to treat many conditions,  look it up
Stay out of our healthcare!
Sad state of affairs when employers can refuse to offer basic services under the guise of religion.
Reps have always used religion as excuse to control women. If they had their way, we would not have a vote, or own property!
bet they still cover viagra too
I'm so scared for women in this country.
Fight back get involved make a difference in your future.  You can be the change we need.  Believe!
Thank you for positivity. I will keep fighting to change the world. Glad to know I'm not alone 
No one should have to pay for someone's elses birth control! Ridiculous!
We were promised that Obamacare would be dumped....so dump it!  No replacement!  No Trumpcare!
#FULLREPEAL #DEFUNDPP #UNITEDFORFREEDOM Government has no Constitutional Authority to legislate healthcare.
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely! NO socialized medicine period! #UnitedforFreedom!
Please keep the promise of #FullRepeal #NoGovHealthcare #UnitedForFreedom
I'd like to nominate my MFM to do a presentation on BC.  I don't think they actually know what it is.  Pence doesn't understand condoms.
This was an election of male dominance. A vote against a white female. That was the bottom line
It's abt the power hungry religious right preachers. This issue is a gold mine for them personally, & they're milkin' it for all it's worth.
No Mark!! it's about allowing businesses to make decisions based on their religious beliefs, last time I looked was a 1st Amend protection!
and it is about women, i didnt hear anything about men's health-care. Can single men still get viagra? What about vasectomy? what's next?
"Women's healthcare" is liberal speak for abortion.
you men are so clueless
So what?! 
@MarkWarner @POTUS @sarahkliff
so by that standard... none of my money should go to a wall, wars, trips to 45's properties, protection for FLOTUS to live in NYC...
No doubt, women are going to suffer while Trump is President.  Thanks for fighting for us.
How, exactly?
It is discriminatory. Will employers also be able to opt out of viagra coverage for unmarried men? What about treatment for STIs? In vitro?
Which isn't covered? Treatment for STIs? viagra coverage for unmarried men? In vitro? "That" infers that "one" thing mentioned isn't covered
Hmmm.... It's all covered under my insurance, but I only hear of women's contraception being optional. Guess I'll have to extend research.
My husband's vasectomy was 100% covered, and I never mentioned condoms.
Religious freedom for businesses over religious freedom for individuals?
How is refusing to cover this essential part of women's health care in any way called for in the Bible? It's not. This is discrimination.
He is doing nothing of the sort.  Stop fear mongering.
Trump isn't making America great again, He is weakening it ready for an invasion by Russia.
Part of GOP no one insured plan-buy ur own even if raped r ussy grabbed by GOP
Thank you & @timkaine 4 spkg 4 women's personal liberty. Pls continue.  #Indivisible
It's a war on women. The @HouseGOP hates women. They get viagra but we can't get birth control. I'll never support any republicans again
It pacifies the right & insurance industry.
No. It's about subjugating women plain and simple. If women can't take control of pregnancy then men can control everything else.
All women impacted should opt out of sex until men can get pregnant or access to birth control is returned "Yes" Lawmaker spouses should too
What kind of logic is this?  Allowing people to make their own choices removes government from our lives!
The "my religion doesn't allow me to eat ice cream, so u can't have any either, dicta."
If you mean no Willy nilly abortions then yes. Just because abortions need to stop.
Keep your panties on!  If you are referring to BC and health checks then you are full of crap
If women choose to live a certain lifestyle, then they can purchase their own birth control! The gov't should not fund their bad choices!
Mark "let's have an abortion" Warner. Geesh!
@sarahkliff @voxdotcom
What two regulations did they eliminate to introduce this reg?
Maybe if it is put in terms men can understand...no birth control equals no intimate relationship. Now do they still want to take bc away?
45 doesn't actually care about this issue, it just makes his actual conservative cronies happy... so he can get other favors.
That's extremist radical Muslims ideology, seriously
@sarahkliff @voxdotcom exactly! My rights are not less than another's-their religious values don't get to dictate my life
Then pay for it yourself...
I don't want my tax $ paying for abortions
Well Congrats!  They don't!!  Hyde Amendment
You're right @MarkWarner.  This is not about freedom.  This is about Stalinism.
Mark do you ever say anything POSITIVE about @realDonaldTrump? Negative condescending remarks Too much! @FoxNews @WashTimes @realDonaldTrump
Employers have no business interfering in their employees healthcare. What happened to HIPAA laws?
When are you going to lock this malignant narcissist up ?
Letting people not participate is putting government in the way?
Amongst other things. I really don't know at this point how much more you/ rest of govt needs to stop this administration.
Get off your soapbox- any agreement should be between employer and employee- keep your corrupt party out of it.
What do you mean by "healthcare?"
Medical Care?
Health insurance?
Both?
Neither?

Healthcare isn't a word
You will not ride @POTUS fatigue and derangement to any 2018 or 2020 victories.  You need to run on issues important to America. RIP Dems.
Somewhere in the bushes, Pence and DeVos are clapping there hands.
*their, I know...
All woman need to stop having sex with men starting with Trump. No birth control covered no sex.
Yeah finally a President who gives us choices instead of mandating healthcare
Thank you @MarkWarner for continuing to fight for our healthcare!
Businesses shouldn't be able to claim religious freedom!! Cant it be considered a privacy issue?
But they can regulate my personal health? I mean at some point, people have to be first over business
Not if they get their way with AHCA.
FYI.. If you believe in God you want to HELP people, not hurt. You feel good when helping, not resentful. GOP,fake religion
Then all women shld hold back sex, if GOP truely believes Bible sex is only to b for Propagating
When oh when are you going to be able to remove him? He's mentally unfit and destroying our country.
You are so so so misinformed and mis-led by morons.....
I am a physician.  I prescribe contraceptives for all sorts of reasons, none of which are her employer's business.
Sir, when is congress going 2 step up & stop this madness that is happening 2 our Country and Constitution. I hold each of you responsible.
Yet another reason to decouple employment and health insurance. I can't figure out why you're not pushing harder for this.
Russia commanded trump to dismantle USA and NATO. It seems he is owned by oligarchs and indebted somehow to putin (leverage ?). Treason Sir.
@RepComstock will be very excited about this!  Also she says we need to refer all questions about Russia to you.
