You also edited out the part DIRECTLY AFTER THIS where he *remembered* Trump actually did ask about other investigations. Come on, man.
I'm watching in real time and didn't see that
Watch it again. It's there, Bad Hombre.
Looked. Couldn't find it

The question was whether trump asked about trying to interfere on any other investigations. The answer was clearly no
DJT is a fool. And he isn't trustworthy, in my opinion. But legally, still no evidence of obstruction. Just dangerous douchebaggery.
Are u sure about your evidence comment?  Can u describe the elements necessary to establish obstruction?

Hint: I can
Funny Virginia is always center of dissension. Give up
Virginia is also the center of good grammar and spelling. If u want to be taken seriously, u should consider attending 8th grade
Truth TRUMPS your attack on grammar. But its all you have so I guess you have to
HAHAHAHA!! Thanks BOT. Do u tweet Russian too?
Guess you need something to stand for. Real or not
So are all ZERO of your followers of the same opinion?  Or are u just enjoying some self-abuse by tweet? Can u tweet in Russian comrade?
.@markwarner you embarrassed the Commonwealth today.
Actually he made his constituents proud.  You've embarrassed yourself with that comment.
made his tribe proud for providing confirmation bias in a tribalist manner for his tribe to consume, you say? See anything wrong with that?
I see tons wrong. Starting with your mix of tense, moving on to your atrocious grammar, and finally your word salad statement.  Huh?
Oh. Typical. Let me phrase in a non triggering manner:
You said constituents. She said the Common Wealth.  You tribe. Her people. Savvy?
Yeah but remember this he never said Pres Trump committed any crimes!!..ur just like the typical Democrat why were u critical of Hillary??
Thanks Bot. Warner will be around long after you're deleted
Cheech I doubt that seeing he's got 20 yrs on me. Time to get to work nothing proved other than Comey is as sneaky as the rest of them..lol
That explains your immaturity. Thanks for clearing that up
Good questions Senator Warner
U& @SenatorBurr get'n supeonas4 any memos Coats&Rodgers may have written bout convos w/Trump regarding push back? #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Wow. Incoming admin was warned by FBI about russian spying efforts, yet they get "exclusive" visit to the white house? WTH ?
Flexibility for what?
Flexibility for what? Obama on video tellin Putin just that. Everyone spying on everyone. Still there is the business of the world.
I want to say something crude, but I'm a better man than that. I want to say something rude but I have better parents than him. #ARRESTTRUMP
Just say something that is true. This is yalls biggest challenge.
@CIA"Speaks Volumes?2015 #MarkWarner Helped @MartinHeinrich @SenBlumenthal Sweep Under #VA Abuse #PersonalityDisorder Discharged #PDVets/Me"
speaks volumes upon volumes...
@MarkWarner keep pushing! We need you!
You failed the American people @MarkWarner by allowing Russian interference in our election!  How dare you try to cast blame on Trump!!
I WONDER IF THE LIBERALS WILL LET PRESIDENT TRUMP GET ON WITH RUNNING THE COUNTRY NOW WITHOUT OBSTRUCTION?????
Not only his lack of interest in other investigations Mark, but his lack of interest into the on-going hacking of Russia & what to do. Weird
 WOW. ONGOING HACKING. I KNOW RIGHT. THE EVIDENCE IS OVERWHELMING!!!
Boom.
It's time our elected representatives put aside party politics and get back to work.  No evidence that Trump colluded with Russia. Move on.
You're right it does.  Speaks volumes. #trumps responsible!!  Obama was in office at the time but it's @realDonaldTrump that's responsible
@TomCottonAR will now read the questions trump told him to ask at dinner last night.
Re-upping @Jeff_Allen23
Because I can't figure out how to make this my twitter banner photo #VAPol 
 As if
He also never asked about Russia or how to block them from attacking us again.
Volumes,.. Mark, COMPLETELY OFF POINT which is what you Democrats do when the facts don't fit your narrative, need to remove you from office
Bravo
Since you asked your questions, Comey has been evisorated.
Mark you are really a joke. Who is going to primary you? Look forward to working for your opponent. LOL you got nothing, you know it too
"Primarying" is a republican tactic. Dems love Warner. Your ignorance is showing, but thanks for trying
Lets bring this conversation up in 2018 and 2020. Got it bookmarked. Until then I wish you the best.
This speaks nothing. If Mark Warner is such a hero ask him to sHow you something of substance... HE CANT!!! HE HOPES ITS THERE. ASK HIM WHY
If mark Warner. Is worried about the truth he would not be on the talk shows. Wake up Virginia get rid of him
Warner will be our Senator long after your bot account is deleted
Thanks for your input glad we can disagree
You're welcome. If I were to agree with u we'd both be wrong.
Look at me!  Look at me! Wow, what a clown.
Thanks for asking the questions that expose the truth.  GOP wants to tell another story but the truth keeps showing  the impeachment path.
confirmation bias much?
I am breathing in the truth.  It's refreshing and you should try it sometime soon. Not clouded with GOP bias too!  :-)
Meh... I am libertarian... I lean right for personal views... sick of left and right telling others what to do and only listening to what ->
This joker just admitted to leaking to the NYT.  Handcuff him and read him his rights.
He handed over a personal, unclassified document. Suggest u use the google to understand what leaking means. It'll help u look less idiotic
Those were government property.  Love notes to his wife would be personal property.
Your ignorance is showing.
That would be you.  This is not okay.
"Russia Meddling" in our election equals leaking DNC emails and trolls on social media. THATS IT! Move on already! Tired of this shit
What you fail to understand is that he did not interfere in any investigation at all.
Senator Warner you were awesome today!

Thank you for your dedicated service to truth and the American people.

#ComeyHearing 
#TrumpRussia
So does this
Great question.
As a Virginan I see that you will twist, turn & sweep under the rug whatever your party wants ignored. Leaks, tarmac meetings
Oh no...
Don't tell me you are now part of the swamp...sad!
The @POTUS "asked" Comey about Flynn and Russia investigations like Don Corleone makes an offer you can't refuse
Excellent opening and questioning by Senator Warner! Kept focus on the rule of law and integrity!
Word.
It speaks of total irrelevancy. I can't believe my taxes have to pay for this crap.
Disappointed you didn't ask about all of the illegal surveillance by the previous admin. . But not surprised.
As a law graduate..YOU should know that the POTUS DID NOT obstruct justice..and in fact entitled to have ORDERED it ENDED..but CHOSE NOT to!
Thank U for speaking truth to power & putting country above all else @BarbaraComstock should try it!! @LoveIndivisible @IndivisibleVA
Your twisting words favoring comey cant let it go there is nothing no collusion, yet u dems cant let it go your hatred of trump gives u away
Comeys feelings aren't evidence
Trump was never under investigation 
Comey leaked information to the press
Lynch obstructed an investigation
Lies and I don't want a president that I don't trust I also feel you and the other people don't trust either Thanks
This speaks volumes...Senator Warner doesn't care about any FBI investigation where Democrats are investigated, esp. crimes by Obama admin.
People with whom he worked with and that has to be hard on him. I hope that you all get to the bottom of Trump and his goons you can tell he
You can tell that he wants the truth to come out he apologized to the whole FBI and  in doing that I know he got choked up he misses the
Senator Warner I am glad that you and all others let Mr.Comey a good hearing I feel like he's a very good Man and I have never meant him
Thanks for distinguish service and dedication to truth. #Patriot #VAProud
Important to be sure, but please don't let GOP gut health care while everybody is distracted.
Wow good question!!!
why would you want to hurry and leak your own memos if president Trump had a tape
Thank you
Can you please hurry & get Trump out before we get stuck with horrible health care & tax plan & Dodd-Frank repeal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Your lying about spies and Intel community statements
This was a great question
Nice spin. Did Lynch ask him to downplay a 'matter?'
So are you guys going after AG Lynch then now?  Or make excuses that her pressuring matter vs investigation syntax really isn't big deal?
Add the next 30 seconds of the video you sac of human feces... typical liberal...
You were, as always, such a class act! Please consider running for president. You seem  great presidential material! Former Republican here!
You speak volumes.  And volumes and volumes and volumes.  You took up half the airtime today.
No path for anything here..now pick up your blankly and move on
All you did was interject leading questions about what you #hope could be something but you know is nothing! You are a #LIAR! #ComeyHearing
The speculation, innuendo, hearsay , jumping to conclusions. Saying Lies . 
 Trump did not say """STOP """.  Yet several members used that .
Just A ?
Why non of this outrageous behavior about Russia before Trump was Elected.
It's been said (((decades))) of Russia w/Clinton obama.
You all proved one thing! Comey is a traitor, he leaked info to #NYT
HE ALSO lied for #HRC on demand of #DOJ #lorettalynch  #DEMOCRATS SHAME
Excellent work today. Much respect.
Yea it did and you will be voted out 2018  arrest Comey
what a Witch Hunt how about he Obama spying on Americans?
The American people doesn't deserve their taxes be wasted on the Democrats political wn
It's speaks volumes to the colossal waste of time you've perpetrated other than the clinton/lynch/tarmac revelation
THIS IS SCREAMING!!
The more you speak the more we see you for who you are... you are a corrupt politician not cut out for this day of information access
you are a hack.... and a liar... we are waking up to you...
it speaks how tribalistic and narrative driven you are... the American people are waking up to yours and DCs corruption.
Donald Trump Jr is tweeting live for his Daddy....interesting
Spoken from a relibable witness. Comey is a lier from the day he met Obama and Hillary
Trump is a goner after today, even the republican senates cant hide this testimony or change it to their own words, Rubio tried but failed!!
Thank you for your service Senator. VA is behind you and @timkaine
Volumes of your #Hate of @POTUS & your wanting #Smoke to make a #Fire! You are such a #BAD #EVIL person! #WTF? #Comey #STOP #LYING #America
You start a conversation saying the investigation should be non partisan but immediately go to alleged points, typical lying politician
The Media should play this everyday as a reminder to the "President."
Very thoroughly done!  Press on Senator!
So proud of you @MarkWarner!  Proud to have you as MY Senator.
.I hope that you are as critical when the DemoRATS are under investigation
.It affirms my belief that Warren is not smart enough to be in congress
Your comment affirms my belief that you're not intelligent enough to be allowed to vote
#superdelegates have to find something where there is nothing
Triggered snowflake!  The issue is Russian interference, why deflect?  Are u afraid?
He's been tremendously more useful than you have. Trigger easily snowflake?
This is again just smoke follow the leaks not the smoke screen THERE are TRAITORS TREASON behind leaks traitors
Thank you @MarkWarner!
So does this.

But after Trump "hope" was not fulfilled, Comey was fired.  Obvious what Trump expected to do. https://twitter.com/DonaldJTrumpJr/status/872829135487475712 …
Thank you for your service, not only for us in VA, but the country. Your professionalism is unmatched.
*turns down volume*
