Sen. Mark Warner: "The Russian active measures efforts did not end on Election Day, 2016." http://abcn.ws/2xU70ow  
Not concerned one bit, fake news, even you must be getting tired of finding, NO collusion
The Russians meddled with our elections. I am starting to believe that Mark is on the Kremlin payroll to divide our great country
A diversion, for sure

Agree , The Russians meddled with our elections. I am starting to believe that you are on the Kremlin payroll to divide our great country
Treason? You mean Hillary Collusion with Russia giving 20% of our Uranium to Russia in exchange for a 145 million donation to her Foundation

#MuellerInvestigation
Thank you Senator Warner for your leadership and protection of our country, laws and institutions. ps: Burr is suspect.
Just reading the post here shows how badly this investigation needs to be completed. Trump is tearing this country apart!
SEN. WARNER PLEASE TELEVISE THE  PEOPLE U R INTERVIEWING/SUBPOENAED. WE THE PEOPLE R WATCHING&WAITING4U2 BRING JUSTICE/DEMOCRACY BACK 2 USA!
Hahahahahahahaha, you believe that crap?
Your investigation of "Russian Collusion" has been a farce from the start. You are complicit in treason.
@SenatorBurr
#UraniumOne
YA THINK? DUN GET ENTRAP...& U'LL FIND OUT THE HARD WAY! WHEN THEY PROVE THEIR ILLUSTRIOUS CASE AGAINST U PPL! YEARS IN THE MAKING!
This is my president, your president and our president. Get on board or you will lose big.
Never in a million years will this racist, bigoted, nationalists, be my president.
https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thegatewaypundit.com%2F2017%2F10%2Fgregg-jarrett-mueller-rosenstein-hid-clinton-russia-bribery-scandal-congress-must-resign-immediately-video%2F&h=ATNzT6vE5osnDOB8-dGIaPHgTK9Noorz8kp2uqNHxIb9uAN5_9W8cQ15pmHRIskU2x1wRq7xJOI87ZkZD0QkG2JyRvKhR-zHM4s31J7-pRQFa7DVByrjulHOkWKF9rgJfk0L94mWszag6la1X4im0fo9N5_61NhhjdL_Uasjev4MeGw5dTw-XY4ap0kmrIdEGI-404Ax3YLNPSrcGZZ9yL3fxMMhoVV3jkaNTL78w7d16zzBuMjXPVQWQHUUDzlSpKscN-_9LNU9mpiFTve5PhffqciGElMnddlhyOTPqD2PCA …

TIME to END YOUR WITCH HUNT and INVESTIGATE the REAL CRIMINALS...YOUR ALL CORRUPT and need to GO!
Im ALSO concerned about RUSSIAN SANCTIONSnot being enforced! What's up?
I want his tax cuts, us companies back in the states, and government health care dead. Bannon and I ain't just going for rinos
There is real Russian collusion with Obama, Hillary and other is the previous administration. Where is your concern about that?
I am more concerned about you supporting a lie and accusing others of what you and the rest of Washington is doing.
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-10-17/fbi-uncovered-russian-nuclear-bribery-plot-obama-approved-uranium-one-deal-netting-c …

Oh..we are!
Clinton Foundation Collusion
You are wasting taxpayer dollars propping up a false Russia Trump narrative. You know it’s not true yet you persist. #votehimout
If the investigation could just move at a faster pace! Something needs to be done before Trump divides this country even more than he has.
Collusion is between Obama, Clintons and Mueller

BREAKING: They have Russian spy lawyer's June 9 meeting memo. It says NOTHING on "adoptions." It attacks SANCTIONS. http://foreignpolicy.com/2017/10/16/heres-memo-kremlin-lawyer-took-to-meeting-donald-trump-jr/ …
@realDonaldTrump   why did obama and his entire security force fail so badly?
u wont answer me because you have no backbone
Gawd! Please hurry up & get this freaking con-man! I quit drinking for 4 yrs till now!

The Cambridge Analytica intern "accidentally" left instructions online for grouping & geotargeting Twitter users based on Twitter activity. 
Are you aware that BHO SOLD Lake Michigan Water to NESTLÉ Co. to sell to China? Who received that payment.Kenyan Barry did as he pleased.
If you want Virginians support, we would like to see you focus on tax reform!! The Russian inquiry is endless pit. Stop wasting our money!
2016 election must b nullified via SCOTUS. If not, Americans will have lack of trust in election process & cynicism about pol machinations.
You and your buddy @SenBobCorker are going to be wearing orange suits in the near future.
I'm concerned about you using the information you received as a Senator to invest in housing stocks.  Smells like a felony to me.
Obama knew about Russian interference yr b4. Did nothing. #CutItOut
You're a hack using Democrat security failures against POTUS.
#GameOnVa
It's all I think abt sir.  &it's now a Fact- between @SenatorBurr in Senate & @DevinNunes in House -they're INTENT on covering upTrumpCrimes
I'm not in any way concerned about your Russian fairytale, no one with a brain is.
How do we get Christopher Steele interviews by you?
@ABCWorldNews you are supposed to represent Virginia. Still on the  nothing 
More concerned about nothing ever getting done in congress and the 100 year history of the United Stated meddling in foreign elections
Congress NEEDS Leadership,Represent ALL Americans.Ppl shocked "Secret crap" try shove down our throats. World has depended on U.S. 4 peace.
All comes down to money
Trump's excessive GREED No SECRET. He believes U have MONEY,Have it All. Love his children,But lovesmore.Melania can dump,done twice before
We are concerned Senator Warner, the question remains when will those Americans who sided with Russia be exposed and tried in a court of law
These Republicans who wrap  themselves in the flag are naked and ugly underneath. Russia is ATTACKING us and they don't care. I'm livid!
I know. We’re an occupied country.
We are so concerned you wouldn’t believe it. We want secure elections NOW. Back to paper ballots + audited, public counts.
I want paper ballots, too.
Burr's remarks about hitting a wall with the Steele dossier makes no sense. Steele's rep says he has agreed to meet. Something's fishy. ???
You need to make it clear that @POTUS did not collude with Russia & end the division in America! Make it clear ASAP! UNITE AMERICA!!
There are at least SIX investigations of #trumpRussiaCollusion.

All within GOP controlled gov.

#Impeachment will be the uniter in the end.
The only thing being found in the investigation is ALL the DEMOCRAT CORRUPTION! They're  getting locked up left & right. WOW! #OutOfTouch.
WHO are you listening to? Who's getting locked up? Trump's people are dropping like flies because of corruption. Manafort, Flynn, Price....
Yet DT does nothing to protect US or punish Russia
Thanks Sir
#JulianAssange should be interrogated. Ask his pal #NilesFarage to be liaison *ahem*
We’d have to get our hands on them.
Why does Burr insist on saying Steele won't cooperate? Is it cuz he won't tell who paid for research? Who cares who paid for it?
GOP and trump don't seem to want to act to prevent the next attack.
I'm sure it didn't and they will take everything they learned and build on it for the next election. Meanwhile we do nothing.
Sad. Scary. Glad I had no children.
The Russians are still here !!!
Why did you guys lie about meeting with Steele?
#WhatHappened 3Mil More Votes & No Victory. Iron Lady Praises Free Market, Blames Labour for Misogyny & Deceit; May https://www.c-span.org/video/?416282-1/theresa-may-addresses-conservative-partys-annual-conference …
The critical question now - is Donald still working with Putin's propaganda machine?
I believe Mueller will find the truth - whatever that turns out to be. I believe Trump to be guity but belief isn’t fact.
I think that most rational people have been acutely aware of this. Always surprised when I hear concerns re Russia 'coming back in '18'
They can’t come back if they haven’t left.
We know one person who definitely isn't concerned and that would be Donald Trump. It is fake news to that moron
Hello Mr Burr
Oh, I've been concerned since summer of '16, but I'm losing faith that any action or consequence will be levied.
Senator, we are very concerned....please tell us what we can do!
I've been concerned since last summer! Could I convince anyone? No. I feel like I should give them a big told you so.
I am very concerned. Not sure how we fix the problem. Knowing the source of all information is hard to do.
Moscow Actively Governs America #MAGA
Very concerned. dt and Cong GOP share allegiance to Putin and Russian $$$$$.  dt is killing USA
Awareness is one thing, DOING SOMETHING is another, with Trump stonewalling, what can we do?
Thank you for your direct statement of fact. Thank you for your service. I appreciate all you are doing.
Senator Chris Steele said he would meet with you. Why did you say he refused?
We've known hat all along. When are you folks in Congress going to fix it?
Who is overseeing our national cyber defense?
"Concerned" doesn't help you or us. It's up to Congress to eliminate our concerns.
I hope you and Mr Burr watched @60Minutes and have that subpoena ready for parscale...
The Russian active measures didn't end in 1962...
Correct. But why isn't the DNC screaming about this?  Where is the follow up and follow through?
Maybe just maybe congress should do their job instead of issuing warnings like call for article 25!
Senator, I have been concerned since this Traitor was nominated. If the evidence is damning, why are these people still in charge? Congress?
#GOPdoNotCare @SenateGOP will do nothing about it, so imho the Senate is impotent
Well I'm actually terrified about this.
Shocker, we installed a western government in Ukraine and the Russians are getting even
No shit Sherlock as the saying goes.   We are getting our ass kicked in the only war that matters.   Hint.  It's digital
Do something.
O gee another great example of how we are losing the cyber wars...
North Korea 'hackers steal US-South Korea war plans' - BBC News https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/amp/world-asia-41565281 …
I am & there isn't enough interest/momentum on getting to bottom of the matter & get'g culprits out of gov't. #NeedFactBasedDecisions fast
Yes, Senator, we ARE concerned. We are waiting for Congress to DO ITS JOB in investigating and then acting appropriate to the results.
Is Senator Burr as concerned as you are?  If not, it doesn't matter how concerned I am.
They are still all over Twitter defending POTUS.  Sewing chaos.  Wish @TwitterSupport  would provide a link to report these bots.
I'm concerned my senator @SenatorBurr isn't taking it as seriously as you are.
Senator, please explain to those of us who have been twisting in consternation since November, what do we do with endless anger and fear?
Those of us who are concerned and angry every day for our children and their friends -- what would you have us do? We call, we protest.
Please tell us where's the end? When will something good actually happen? Do you have any idea how our health is suffering because of this?
This is disastrous to public mental health of those who are actually reading and listening and trying to do something.
Living with daily and unrelenting awfulness in the White House is going to have an untold and deadly toll on the American public.
we are concerned. We're waiting for someone in a position of some power to do something about it.
And why aren’t the Sanctions not in place?
If we can't work together for a common cause then Putin wins
Of course  & trump & Company are still doing everything they can to sabotage our FAIR elections by purging voters & using the commission
And what should we do it we *are* concerned about this? Knowing ahead of time doesn't seem to help avoid the consequences in 2018 and 2020.
I wish Mr. Burr was more enthusiastic.
Dear Senator - can’t Congress do something to FORCE the executive to act on this vital #NatSec issue?
I'm actually concerned about communists like yourself and how much govt you will impose on our lives
@SenatorBurr - why are you lying to us? to protect Trump? What wall? Steel is ready to talk!!!
Why did you not push back when @SenatorBurr did this???
It seems Burr misrepresented Steele's willingness to talk because Steele refused to burn clients (all the GOP wants).https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/amp/trump-dossier-author-talks-senate-intel-committee-n808401 …
YOU CAN FIX THIS, don't be bulldozed by the GOP, trump is dangerous to the survival of the world
Freedom of speech is a great thing ... unless you're 'The Russians'.
Barack Obama meddling in Brexit and that's okay?  Brits will go to the back of the queue?  You must be blind in one eye and deaf in one ear.
Why? This isn’t new. The Russians have been interfering with US elections since Ted Kennedy worked with them to try and defeat Ronald Reagan
@protctdemocracy @ABCWorldNews I am very concerned. Why isn't this administration and the rest of congress concerned?
I'm concerned about your ties to Russia.
Please please, Senator Warner, stand up for the American people because the GOP won't.
We want public hearings Senator Burr has NO credibility and he’s pulling you down with him #Maddow
https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/trump-dossier-author-talks-senate-intel-committee-n808401 …

Did Sen. Burr lie on camera? Did he not tell you the truth either?
Youtube must also be investigated. Tons of videos @HillaryClinton has Parkinsons. Look at this from Russian Insider
@SenatorBurr @SenateDems
Please explain Steele discrepancy immediately.
If you believe a word of this factless, baseless, #RussiaHoax BS, you're either just plain stupid or a #McCarthyite cold warrior windbag.
In fact according to Facebook, they actually BEGAN AFTER election day. Which is why now you are insisting we should see all of the ads LOL
Mueller's team interviewed Christopher STEELE - dossier alleges #trumpRUSSIA #treason collusion http://nbcnews.to/2xZCDgM  You know - we know.
Why is your investigation committee lying about not being able to contact Steele? Shameful.
https://www.rawstory.com/2017/10/busted-maddow-reveals-senators-were-lying-when-they-said-british-dossier-spy-refused-to-meet-with-them/ ….     Why did you and Burr lie ?
I'm concerned that Warner lied to us standing next to Burr. Is he bought and paid for too?
Very concerned.  Also why you stood by as Burr outright lied about Steele?
I was saying same to husband earlier.Burr looked very pleased w/himself. That guy's not really interested in getting at the truth. Surprise!
I'm concerned about the lie Burr just made n his statement regarding Steele & his past discrepancies regarding Trump, not feeling confident!
You & Burr: Extreme embarrassments, political hacks. STOP your investigations at the expense of this nation!
Look into YouTube and other music online ads that precede free music....
So at exactly what moment are you going to talk to Christopher Steele? @maddow reports he'd be happy to speak with your committee!
Please explain. Steele says he will meet with you. Why are you saying he won't?:
BREAKING: Associate of Steele tells #Maddow that Steele said yes to Senate Intel meeting request. 
I thought you were a good guy. But it appears you & Burr didn't tell the truth about Christopher Steele willingness to meet with you. Why?
Thank you sir for all you do. As an IT professional I am very concerned, most IT Pros are. Let us know how we can help you.
So @maddow reports that Steele ready & willing to meet. So…???
"Very concerned" is a very mild way of describing what this citizen feels.
#ChristopherSteele met w/ Comey, McCain & spoke w/ #Mueller Tell @SenatorBurr to stop this partisan bashing of a non-USA-American HERO!

And we’re worried about your Chair’s bullshit tactic of casting aspersions on #ChristopherSteele who risked his life to WARN us many times!
I'm more concerned by the idiocy of the US government. These ridiculous lies are pathetic. Stop manipulating the people!!
Brick Wall?  Not according to Steel. So why haven't you set a date?
BEAVIS & BUTTHEAD.SO DAMN IGNORANT. FBI HAS FOUND ZERO IN 14 http://MONTHS.YOU 'RE A TOTAL EMBARRASSMENT TO OUR COUNTRY.BIG FOOLS.
9 months and you're admitting you find no collision & isn't a crime anyway, STOP WASTING OUR DAMN TAX DOLLARS ! Go to work on useful things
Why are you lying? What are you hiding? Meet with Steele NOW! Stop trying to obstruct this investigation. Meet with Steele NOW! #Corruption
Seriously concerned. But why @SenatorBurr say no meeting with C.Steele now that @maddow disputing claim. Saying he's awaiting date.
Senator the news is reporting that Chris Steele is willing to meet with you. Why are you saying otherwise?
Steele agreed 2 meet. Said name time&place. Y r y'all saying something different? What's up w that? Trump/Rtwingnuts=Demise of Democracy! 
Also quite concerned w what @SenatorBurr said yesterday abt Chris Steele not agreein 2 meet w y'all. U didn't disagree. Why? Steele said YES
Why did @SenatorBurr lie about Christopher Steele refusing to meet to discuss the Russia dossier? Do your jobs. Our democracy is at stake.
No shit Sherlock

WSJ: Facebook cut references to Russia from April report on election influence amid concern from lawyers. https://www.wsj.com/articles/facebook-cut-russia-out-of-april-report-on-election-influence-1507253503 …
@Hillaryh4444Hos @ABCWorldNews 

Seeing an enormous divide being generated. Much bigger than during campaign.
I'm concerned for the future. "Calm before the storm"? Trump is extremely dangerous and needs to be removed from office asap.
Senator @maddow is reporting tonight that Christopher Steele said he is willing to meet w/you and @SenatorBurr. Why haven't you met w/him?
I'M concerned that you let Burr lie about Steele refusing to meet with you without calling Burr out-Steele said he would meet. We need ansrs
Russian interference targets the right. Left false news got zero interest, no reposts, so they shut down. Gullibility of right - Putin's ace
They continue to amplify Trump's divisive messages on NFL pre-game, Puerto Rico debt, fake news. The want Brenda to hate. She obeys.
And they did not start in 2016....years in the planning.
How did you ever get elected?
According to @maddow you and Burr are hiding the fact that Steele never refused an offer to talk to the committee. You both lied!
Your Russian Ruse is a disgrace! It's a complete waste of taxpayer money! No credibility simply because the after 15 months the FBI has 0.
Very concerned-so WHY did you/SenBurr announce you hit a wall re dossier when C.Steele's assoc says he's been willing to meet w/you
Sen Warner, do your job.  Talk to Steele.  It's reported he's willing to talk.  Remember, elections replace Senators who don't do their job.
I'm concerned a great deal about your LYING.
Meet with Steele. Stop saying he's not willing. Do your job.
Admit there is no collusion and stop this farce now! The Russians always have and always will try to influence.  Using that to attack not OK
Don't be on the side of Russia.  Unless you are from Russia.
OP indicates Russian interference in elections globally but not one shred of evidence of Trump collusion.  That's the investigation. End it.
Mr. Warner. It's very obvious that the GOP is trying to obstruct. What are we going to do about this?

I’m concerned about taxes, are You?
@SenatorBurr made explicit attempt to scare out sources & methods yesterday. Hence dossier news today. Don't ever get owned like that again.
ifyou aren't concerned about it it's because you're happy about it
Thank you for speaking out about this and not letting the rash of #Trumpstractions to let us forget.
Yeah, we see thousands of their bots on Twitter every day. They're still at it.
Swamp Creature stop wasting taxpayers money!
That's why you have subpoena power! That's why we hired congress people to protect us. Shame so few will do their jobs for 
Ignorant disgusting representation of VA you suck and are anti American spending tax dollars chasing Russian ghosts.
Sen., when did the laws change where business owners get to tell Congress what they will or will not do? I must have missed that law passing
Trump base is tired of your ass.
I am.

Praying patriots still in our fed gov to ensure  is secure. I’ve got my doubts so I’m down to praying
I have seen their efforts. The bots are crazy enough. Sure there is darker stuff!

Since the Russian active measures gave us the disastrous horrifying presidency of Trump, I'd say we are concerned!
Why would they stop?  They’re on a roll. And we’ve done jack over 2 administrations to make them pay price.
Kelly’s personal phone?
Pretty sure the GA election was hacked. A crazy woman won.
There is no doubt in my mind GA was hacked.
Concerned as hell. I knew this was going on before the election. Feel like America is in rapid decline if we don’t do something soon.
How can you be sure no vote totals were affected? Or do you just mean that they were unable to hack into the voting machines?
Well more info needs to be made public for us all to understand the magnitude of what u are all talking about else he calls it FAKE
I'm already very concerned and it's only going to get worse. Thank you for everything you have done so far.
After 9 months of an investigation & your committee has nothing? This is a waste of taxpayer money & time should be spend on real issues!
How bout you letting Burr slide that "all sides" remark in w/ no pushback.
Thank you and Sen. Burr for your bipartisan support for a unified response to Russia's ongoing threat to the very fiber of our Democracy.
SHE LOST! Get over it already. Shouldn't you be dusting off a candidate that can run against @realDonaldTrump #Trump2020
