.@MarkWarner thank you sir, for pursuing truth, above all else. #TrumpRussia
I just read Mark made six million off a Russian tech company
if so who cares? Nothing illegal or sinister, where the F are @realDonaldTrump 's #TrumpTaxReturns ? obviously in debt
With Hillarys emails we've already told u
Senator Warner, thank you for aggressively doing your job investigating Trump, etal. He must be removed from office and very soon!
You politicized that hearing from the beginning.  You are supposed to be an adult as a Senator.  You should be ashamed of yourself.
You don't need to act like that fool Schumer.  Will there be no rational voice left for Democrats?
Sorry janis u dont speak for all 300 million americans
1) No FBI investigation will be stopped or affected by Comey firing. 2) Comey was bad 4 FBI. He destroyed trust that FBI was fair& impartial
Go right in for Russia ......

I see you have some profitable Russia connections. 
Care to investigate those?
Can a president secretly tape individuals who are investigating him??
Pls stop spewing Russian rhetoric/editorialing Comey firing,which was just & legal, and just do your job, which is supposed to be unbiased.
Thank you! 
Wtf has happened to the Democratic party? 
The lies, hypocrisy & unity Is like something from a Sci-Fi movie- The Body Snatchers
Was proud of all democrats who were rational & had America's interests first. It was good to see not all Dems are lunatics...except for YOU!
Well that's an oxymoron with a republican majority. 
@MarkWarner is ON FIRE!!! Thank you from California
Huh?
Keep up the great work, Senator Warner.
You are being sarcastic right?
that cant be there is no intelligence in the senate
You were a little dramatic. I'm so sick of hearing about Russia more pressing matters facing the country.
The most hypocrisy ever. The real Russian collusion was ole Warner.
Thank you  for your professionalism and service on the Senate intelligence Committee. Your experience, integrity and wisdom are vital.
McCabe cannot be trusted. His Wife took $700k from McAulifee and Clintons!
McCabe set crying conspiracy DEMS straight at the Security hearing yesterday. Justified Comey firing. Looks like he wants Trumps support.
Excellent! I watched in entirety.  Increased my confidence in US govt. #Indivisible
Physical evidence Trump colluded with Russia=0 Physical evidence Mark Warner colluded with Russia=$6,000,000
Great job today Mr. Warner! You really did this Virginian proud!
Ritie, you're a dolt.
Watch live while you make a fool of yourself!
Please explain
http://gotnews.com.ln.is/ammqX  sld be investigated

You rocked today- thank you for your service - it's refreshing to hear adult politicians speak.
.Suggesting @POTUS firing Comey impeded stopped etc Russia investigation was DIRECT INSULT of the FBI men&women! Esp after FBI sd it didnt!
Here we go!
EXCLUSIVE: RICO case being pursued against @GOP and @Reince45 over Russian money laundering https://patribotics.blog/2017/05/11/designated-survior-sources-russia-probe-should-result-in-president-hatch/ …

#BREAKING: The GOP fundraising firm being raided by FBI is linked to the Tea Party Majority Fund

Source: http://FEC.gov  #resist 
Thank you!!!
I watched the hearing & was impressed with how you guys conduct yourselves. I'm glad to see how you protect the American peoples interest.
So, why'd you guys leave the meeting early?
Clapper confirmed multiple allies provided intel on Russia-Trump contacts during campaign. Has Senator Warner reviewed that intel?
U want a special prosecutor even though no crime but U say the senate committee can do the job. Which is it Mark? Can't have it both ways.
@VP Watched with horror the overt coup d'etat anti-@POTUS self destructing propaganda exposed by  narcissistic sociopathic Democratic Party
You're offended by Trump's words? I'm offended by your weakness. Trump, unlike you, isn't a weasel. Comey was a showboat.
You are offended at comments that U didn't hear and got from a reporter? I am offended that U make this a circus & have no proof #hypocrite
Thank you for seeking the truth between Trump and Russia, and highlighting Trump's disrespectful attitude towards the intel comitees.
Awesome job today Sir!
SenatorWarner Trump started voter fraud committee. Could you in Senate start a permanent cyber team to work with Intel? Trump doesn't care.
Sean Spicer says WH is having trouble with it servers. One day after Russians visited the Oval Office! Coincidence? Russian Hacking?
the funny thing is when finally we learn what we already have been told by EVERYONE in charge. there was NO COLLUSION you will look like
it is a shame to watch you and yours try to bring down a President for literally no reason but that you lost.
We the people will push for Corrupt Clinton & Lying Obama to be jailed for their crimes!
U sound like the typical, nasty, dem., political hack--sore loser!
VA needs to get rid of you for nations sake.  U are no help in DC.
You are just another dem liar. Take your propoganda & shove it. Only no brainers believe what people like you spout. LIARS!
Well done senator... 
let's get to the bottom if this #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
#RosensteinMemo took 13 days 2 study & conclude #ComeyFiring 
Seems 2 little time unless ff an order 2 find excuse
Proud of you Mark Warner!!!
This #IndieVoter no longer trusts the @GOP or @POTUS. There must be a release of 7yrs of taxes, special prosecutor, & indie comm
Someone should ask Warner if he feels any responsibility for the little girl that was raped by an illegal deported 15 times & allowed back 
Anyone McCabe if HE pulled Rancid Pre-bum aside to say "don't sweat it", prompting chairs to become Drumpf PR flaks with...
to pair of trannies Saddle Burr & Midnight Run Nunes leaping full tilt into unmasking rabbit hole.
The Russian mob is in our White House. 
Impeach this dirt bag now.
Please quit whining like a bunch of kindergarteners and wasting tax payer dollars and start doing your job to make things better in the USA
A witness who refuses to answer d/t classification should be removed to a SCIF, and compelled to answer under threat of imprisonment.
U need to be fired as chairman of the committee because you are totally partisan...so UNFAIR!! Enough of the Democrat influencing rhetoric!!
Watching. And thank you.
A special Prosecutor would end the lies of Trump Russia Collusion. You would fight that too. You are not bipartisan but a political hack.
@POTUS warner wants Americans to take him seriously and in his opening statements he points out the NYT and a article the had about @POTUS 
Thank you for your pointed questioning on the issue of WH interference with the FBI's Russia investigation. Keep it up! #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
thanks for asking who the point person is for an integrated approach. We should have learned this silo lesson after 9-11.
UR myopic tunnel vision is as bad as MSM's.
THANK GOD for social media. Has shown America what your damned agenda is... Censorship and keeping us in the dark.
Given that Comey influenced the election, why was he not fired by Obama?  How Much Did Comey Hurt Clinton's Chances?
Doing a great job!!! Hero.
Shame you never conveyed the same "breathless outrage" regarding the "cover-up" of 4 Americans murdered in the Benghazi Attack...U fraud!
Ur opening statement is as biased as it gets. U will NOT b fair! U need 2 b removed! Stop ur accusations before the investigation is done!
Knock yourselves out on this bogus Russian conspiracy. Only makes Dems look more foolish, childish and infantile after your Nov loss..
FULLY support your commitment to finding out how corrupt Trump and his partners are! Keep up the fight!
I agree with what you are saying!
@whpresscorps @PressSec Self Righteousness Indignation re:Firing=hypocrisy, "O" WH,DOJ,FBI Triangle w/MSM clearly blocked 4 HRC
This hearing is not about the firing of Comey. Stop the partisanship. Sick of it.
While your democratic criminals walk free , gosh damn disgrace
Mark when are you going to thank Russia for exposing Clinton crime family in place of USA fake news. Podesta Brazile Wasserman Schultz etc.
Attack the democrats will own . This whole investigation is a farce your not interested in safety ,,but lynching a war hero and president
The GOVERNMent official who was appointed bipartisan 94-6 . Threhanein gto hold open the FBI spot ,,your putting us at risk next terrorist
It not the senate responsibility to decide the for special prosecutor ,,that's undue influence to affect this investigation, intimidating
Mark Warner your a disappointment  Time to put America first & stop the divisive rhetoric.God bless America 
WH undue influence , what about chuck schumer undue influence threatening to shutdown government. Unless special prosecutor ,it's not senate
Sounds like an oxymoron senate and intelligence same sentence
Hypocritical BULLY.
Just think the people don't care about Russia and your Elections. Look at the people who ran your Elections. DA
Amazing how you #Speculate, #Accuse, #Slander, #Libel, #Guess & Make  up things you think Might have happened to @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Set the stage, Senator Mark Warner! Need to see this on a Wiiiiide screen-- I'm watching MSNBC on my television. Don't want to miss a thing!
2 bad U didn't use all this vigor when it involved HRC or BHO! Your a class act Hack. Nothing but a blow hard pansy! Unwilling 2 clean Y !!
Char watch you wouldn't shut up with your vile bs story telling ! #crybabyloser
Your opening statement was extremely partisan - political grandstanding!! Get off committee if you can't be fair!
Republicans are too partisan to analyze trump Russian connections.  Get R off Senate Intel committee and do your work!
Great opening speech I can only hope you and others are able to get to the truth at some point!  Trying to remain optimistic @MSNBC
How can you look yourself in the mirror & say so much falsehoods, why did you not do anything when Obama made bad deals with IRAN liar!
You killed it in your opening remarks. Thank you senator for your steadfastness 
screwing over the public is much easier
There are many more articles like these!  You Dems never pay for your Crimes.... but that might change finally.
please do us all a favor and stop the political messages and start doing your job. now i know its tough for a politician to do his job.
Why don't you stop talking you non stop weirdo ! You don't even make sense !
Hysteria and hypocrisy from you. You should be ashamed of yourself.
#DrainTheSwamp #AndrewMcCabe @MarkWarner @DNCWomen @DemWarRoom


Thank you Senator.  Keep up the pressure on this administration, and we will keep up the pressure on you!  ;) #Virginiaproud
Yeah, keep wasting our tax dollar money instead of going after the real corruption with Hillary, Obama, Rice, Lynch, Holder, etc. #DirtyDems
It's NOT an intelligence hearing on your side it's a Trump bashing.  You hate Comey& then mourn his firing.  MAKE UP YOUR MIND HYPOCRIT!
#DrainTheSwamp #AndrewMcCabe @MarkWarner @dncpress @DNC @DNCWomen #DrainTheSwamp
Stay tough and strong. Get to bottom of Trump/Russia collusion. Preserve our democracy.  Thank you!

How dare you hold up the NYT paper; a fake news rag tag!!  They LIE each day! There is NO Russia ties with Trump. Stop your BS Warner!
#DrainTheSwamp #AndrewMcCabe @DNCWomen @chuckschumer #hadtoturnoffthebs
Thank you for showing us one of the great threats to America is ur disgraceful, distracting partisanship. Please try patriotism for a change
I have something to offer. I tried to get your attention in October.
WE R VERY HAPPY THAT WE HAVE A POTUS THAT MAKES THE RIGHT DECISIONS.THERE IS AND NEVER WAS ANY PROOF OF TRUMP COLLUDING  WITH RUSSIA.HOAX!!
Can we say #SourApples...
No one is deterring you you partisan hack #POS
Thank you for getting right to the issue at hand! Get to the truth.
Obviously you aren't aware that the issue at hand is NOT the firing of Comey.
You're right, NO ONE takes your #NarrativeDrivenMedia #rhetoric seriously. #JediMindTricks @ its best
Yes, I am watching the Committee #BlowSmoke up everyone's arse's. Such a waste of time. Oh... BTW... "Vladimir Putin ate my homework."
Yep more of the same. I can not comment on .....  How much more of this do we have to put up with ?
I'm watching u make a fool of urself. Still so sore you guys lost and lost big league? Get over it.
Why is this idiot Warner even speaking ? Had to turn off
@SenatorBurr Please push for an independent investigation & get those tax returns. 
Bet he won't have the guts to investigate the leaks.
Keep up the good work, Senator.
He'll have to START doing good work first.
