"The competition will be staggering" and insurance companies will be fighting to sign people up, adds @POTUS.
They're hell bent on creating a sub-prime market and calling it competition
Competition! Choice! Access! You can have access to many insurance co's competing to be your choice to give money to. Few will cover ill tho
And few will bother with low population density areas.
"Forgotten people" and all that garbage
I'm still waiting for someone to explain me how, during a heart attack, they'd going to drive around looking for the best deal.
@W7VOA @POTUS Does Trump own a junk insurance company? He acts like he going to profit from this.
Kushner has some kind of healthcare startup iirc.
TY. Thought I'd seen mention that someone in family had, many weeks ago.
The Trump Universities of #healthinsurance.  #ProtectOurCare
they still owe me $20000 for useless  CAT scans in 2004.
#Clueless He doesn't know competition if it bit him in the...
BLOCK Voters
No, but it may certainly bring insurers to heel, where they belong. btw they can either raise premiums or leave markets. Can't well do both!
My premium is doubling in 2018. How much worse can it get?
Your "logic"is illogical.Why would a company trying to make money shrink away from a market?Premiums never stopped going up under Obamacare!
If he says it's true, it's not
it's not the competition that will be staggering
it's the people who need health insurance who will be staggering from the co$t
Insurers raised my premiums in MN 65% for 2017 and narrowed their networks - had to be bribed to stay in the market.
What have either ofdone to fix it? There have been tons of acts of quiet heroism.effective heroism from Congress.
This made me teary. The teenager carried by the paramedic, the doctor wading through waist-high water to operate. So much quiet heroism.  https://twitter.com/cnn/status/903102567374344192 …
100% spot on Andy: signs on power poples near you soon and look in the pennysaver  papers. Wasted Money on All.
And, how long before poor Trump voters in rural America will realize they've been screwed?!?
Talk is cheap, no knowledge, liberals will always be losers.
And then your taxes incentivize the unethical policies just like the toxic mortgages ...
Rather than predict the failure of the measure and risk looking foolish, why don’t you first see what happens. Seems the wise play.
Reagan's deregulation and S&L crisis redux.
Trump the Con Artist cons his base once again.
He understands insurance like somebody who never had to worry about it, total ignorant chump
There's no competition now since 1. we're forced to have ins despite 3x costs and worse deductibles 2. Our only choice is gov sanctioned ins
It will be Kushner's brothers "health insurance" go for the BIG bucks company laughing all the way to the bank.
We are going to see. Important to test all hypothesis
Junk companies are Trump's wheelhouse.  It's Trump University for insurance.
When it happens we can let ppl forget that the EO is what ultimately destroyed the markets. They are going to try to spin it.
@W7VOA @POTUS Hope someone is investigating Trump family investments in junk insurance companies. This move of Trump's stinks bad.
And who will suffer? People who buy shit because it is all they can afford.
Andy, is it Over? Americans will be left with the bill again?
JEEZ FOR PEOPLE WHO CAME UP WITH OBAMA CARE YOU HAVE SOME BALLS
I wouldn't by that junk. We have been down this road. People need to fight. Wipe out GOP  and bring back order.
Remember the president threat? "just watch" decimating ACA may be it
If you can Black voters just kill them
GOP Death squad's way of contending with voters?
Back to the bad old days.
Let the race to the bottom commence!
And we all know how trustworthy @realDonaldTrump is.
Andy, what can we do?
The free market will be staggering ! And we'll all be staggering, too.
Race to the bottom. “On your marks!!!...”
This shyte coming from the guy who gave us Trump U and would not have time to play golf if elected.
Yeah, the junk policies will dilute the existing insurance pools of healthy people and the premiums will rise accordingly. Very Un-MAGA
Couldn't be worse than ACA.
Just the kind of scam you’d expect from a born fraudster.
I went to a market in Arizona a few months ago. I wanted to see what was wrong with their market since it declined the Medicaid expansion
I used income for two right at the Medicaid expansion rate. What I got was offers for this " short term" insurance plans.
The lowest cost plan was about $800 per person. The individual mandate is $695 per adult $347.50 per child.
I wondered who would buy something called short term health insurance in the first place? People trying to avoid the mandate?
From there I went to other states that declined the Medicaid expansion and found the same thing. All were red states.
And the reason they could even opt out of the expansion was because of the lawsuits brought to the SCOTUS by republicans.
So the Republicans have been the ones undercutting it since it was first signed and they are the ones responsible for the problems with ACA
Andy, trump does not care. It was just a show. He has to be just long enough in public service to enrich himself
Good luck provider relationships, these are built over time for networks.
Surprised how many are buying his BS. Get vanilla ins cuz you aren't sick. BUT when you do it won't pay & you now have pre-existing cond
I'm sure Kushner's brother will make out well with this with his healthcare company.
Tragic
Trump wants insurance companies to be able to collect premiums for policies that are as worthless as a degree from Trump University.
I heard Trump Insurance is making an entry to the marketplace. Only healthy white men need apply. #MostHated #TakeaKnee
Insurers have left markets already at the demands of their bosses on Wall Street. What do you do about that?
It is staggering, though. Just not competitive.
Oh you don’t think that’s already happened in small markets? In rural US you stole HC by charg. 3x more w/ > op costs drug addicts is free
I see jars on every counter collecting for someone who needs medical care coming to every town again
This is what I hear when, "We have the best HC in the world" from PPL! It's not a Jar to help, it funds their HC!
What are the odds of this EO being challenged in the courts?
can states also codify the ACA requirements so that junk plans aren't allowed in their state?

But trump can falsely claim he won, which is all that matters to a rodent like him.
Higher deductibles n fewer health issues covered.
Trump is banking on things "looking better" in the short term as people pay less in Premiums. But the Insurance they buy won't cover much
@POTUS & @GOP don’t seem to get healthcare; they cried to buffoon in charge for an EO that will compromise care for “affordable” insurance
They don't care. It means gov't shells out less in subsidies, which means more $$ to divert to donors under "tax reform plan." Seriously.
Couldn’t POTUS do another EO for tax reform if congress doesn’t pass it? This clown cannot be allowed to make more decisions on behalf of US
Congress would never allow it before it had a chance to pass plan by end of the year. I'd like him to try, tho, so we could sue to stop EO!
Time to impeach! Everyone watching is video was ANGRY
#FakePresident's words mean nothing. He knows nothing. He learns nothing. He's barely a simpleton with his 2-digit IQ. Gross, reprehensible.
@W7VOA @POTUS When those healthy ppl leave the ACA, and then do get sick.... Just know on your deathbed, you did it to yourself.
@ASlavitt   I'm reading ppl are thinking their premiums and copays will be reduced in their current plans. Your thoughts pls?
They're incorrect. Prices  as ppl buy cheap plans that cover little, leaving full plans (i.e. Silver) w/more high risk ppl. We all lose.
That's my take from what I've read, as well. Ppl just don't get it.
I'm  to
.. My stomach over this.
@ASlavitt what is happening with CSRs?
middle class cant afford ACA...something has to be done. If Trump is wrong Congress should fix it.
My family is screwed
