Worse than the process, this bill will mean higher premiums w/ millions losing insurance. It was a bad bill yesterday. It's a worse bill now
This partisan process & the bill it produced are fatally flawed. The Senate is failing the American people tonight. #VoteNo
I'm scared. What can we do now?
I'm horrified of our government.
Same. This isn't how this is supposed to work. This isn't what I studied in school.
It's the powerful trying to suck all power from the weak.

And that's right out of Reagan's/Gingrich's playbook.

Your school skipped them?
2 wrongs don't make a right, but isn't that the same thing the Demo did 7 yrs ago? Don't go trowing stones.
Not even they want the "make America great by screwing 20 million act" to pass. Of course they're kvetching. It's what they do. Losers.
Were u reminiscing back to 2009 on Christmas Eve no less
So John McCain was really just spewing garbage & rushed back to D.C. To rip health care from millions of people.
Yup. Such a touching story. Tune in to see a Dying man risk it all to kill millions of people. A lifetime original movie.
We watched live with you last night & @SenMajLdr 's speech couldn't have been fueled with more blatant lies & disrespect. @GOP sucks.
Hopefully you will have a new partner in the senate 2018 #corey Stewart
Unlikely.
That's a tragic waste of time @realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
Should have collaborated with the Democrats
Time for @SenateGOP to fess up. They never had a "better" plan...simply didn't want Pres Obama to succeed or millions of lives improved.
Lunacy
Thank you for having our back. So Warner/Schiff 2020?
You share responsibility for this messy Obamacare! So really help out or zip up your pie hole!
Yes like y'all did Obamacare midnight on Christmas Eve shut down at throats
Thank you for your principled vote.
Thank you
yeah right... that's s pretty astonishing & unbelievable!
Plain old hypocracy
Obamacare is not working It's only the illusion of health care It's got to go Repeal it 
You are sickening
7 years of work ??
Goldegg Utility Law: 3 hrs max  or your'e fired ,no 3week Outages helecopters can fly the lineman's rodeo in to hang the lines cut trees
You reap what you sow
45 is pissed he couldn't erase President Obama  so he will make "We the people suffer". Sen Warner you and Dems better protect us. Fight!
working class screwed again McCain sucks..
But, sanity prevailed ...for now. Keep up the hard work Senator.
YOU put us in the fiasco known as ACA, Senator.
YOU accept the blame that is all yours.
Please stay strong Senator Warner!!
kudos for fighting for what is right for people not party
Suits Trump's lifestyle?
Keep trying and thank you
Thank you @markwarner
And who's fault was that? Who's fault no Dem cooperation? Republicans are short on ethics, morals and integrity. And no leadership from WH.
But they wrote it at lunch so I'm sure it would have been fine....thank you for sticking up for us. Wish you didn't have to. What a waste.
They never offered the chance!! They have no one to blame but themselves.
Thank you for your hard work.
So glad to hear results of vote onskinny repeal. Now maybe things will b done properly w/ results good 4 people. Thank you 4 standing firm.
A legislative abomination.
They crawl out like cockroaches in the middle of the night, do their business & scurry back under their rocks before anyone notices. Gross.
Yep, this really makes a lot of sense, right? Glad the vote went downhill!
H.R 1697 /S 720 is very dangerous law & very un American.Putting Americans in prison for disagreeing with Israel's apartheid policy. Vote no
Seeing McConnell Eat Crow!

This is what happens when a greedy party backs someone wifh zero experience
It's been going on for years
god bless america
It is insane.
This vote is obscene. This Congress is obscene. God help us all.
they r punishing Americans w their grievances
If they think it was bad then y not b better?????
Fight like hell against these Republican traitors!
Keep fighting for us !
Just like the Dems 8 years ago. Big surprise
How frickin' rude. There are 2 senators battling cancer there & it's well past midnight. 1 of them is elderly. They used McCain. No respect
on what???
these bastards keep trying to screw americans for their own benefit...
I'm a cancer surv. This will haunt those who vote for it, their family, & their friends. Legislators should have same insurance as WTP.
Amazing how Dems are happy Obamacare will just go away and they will blame Reps. What the polls told you? Wait & see. People know truth.
F'ing HYPOCRITES! Republican senators are going to pay for this for a very long time.
Good something needs to be done Obama care is a bad for america
Your Republican colleagues are traitors to this nation. Putin must be thrilled
They say the right thing on camera and do their dirty work in the middle of the night.
WHY does Wyoming keep voting for @SenatorEnzi...he clearly doesn't care about ppl......AND is wasting valuable time on an important issue 
If this passes a Democrat should immediately put up a bill that Congress gets the same healthcare as we do.
So it was all ok and honest when you did it but sinister now?

#2018DemCampaignSlogan 
They took your healthcare away- don't miss your chance to take away theirs Vote!
They don't apply the same standards to themselves...not intellectually or morally upright/honest.  Lies, double standards for tax cuts...

They are never not hypocrites.
Keep on them Senator Warner!!!
What else can we do? We're terrified. Thank you for fighting for us
Probably still some typos in it.
This is against everything that America stands for. It's Wrong and unfair to the American people.
Wow!! So much thought went into something that effects millions!! Thanks for everything you are doing!!!
@SenCapito PLEASE VOTE NO! MR. ENZI WONT LET WOMEN ASK QUESTIONS! HES KILLING TIME TO KILL US!
Sigh...nothing esdy in DC these days. Thx 4 your grace & effective service!
Mr Warner we're headed toward BAD TIMES. The R's are going to cause tragedy for many of us!
Stay strong for us Sen Warner!!  Proud to live in NOVA!!
Can't wait to see what .@SenJohnMcCain does. Will he finally put his vote where his mouth is? Yeah, I don't think so either. #fuckmccain
You need to slip a Mickey to some GOP senators!!!
This is bullshit! Damnit we the people have had enough of this shot show for of a GOP! What the hell are they pulling on us!  FIGHT!!!
This is so wrong.
With all due respect @MarkWarner you would vote no regardless of the bill.  Collaboration bet Democrats and Republicans ended 7 yrs ago.
And just think, some used to think McCain a hero and Graham a statesmen. They could have prevented this like they said they would.
Please vote NO!
@MarkWarnerVA Isn't there one more republican Senator who will vote their conscience? This is appalling!
VOTE NO.  THE PUBLIC HAS IT.  Make sure the GOP is aware. VOTE NO THIS IS INSANE.  The Senate and Congress committing GENOCIDE.
All tyranny needs to gain a foothold is for people of good conscience to remain silent Thomas Jefferson.Never give in.never give up#resist

One again confirming they are the party of projection.
More idiocy.As a physician,I would like 2remind @gop that
1/This bill will kill voters & kids
2/lack of sleep is bad 4 good ideas
#voteNo
Then why are you doing it? Only evil works in the darkness.
What the hell history is watching#Resist #Windy. If grams knew you were http://lying.you  were windy like Dump. Nice name for lil liar
People need to take to the streets in Protest.  Move around get your contacts!
Are you ready to rumble? WWF style! It's now that time!!
Anything to claim a victory so trump can crow about how great he is.
They don't seem to be bothered that much. We are seeing the GOPs true colors.
1) Healthcare is 16% of US GDP. Military spending is 3.5%. Can you imagine Senate trying to pass Defense Appropriation Bill in this manner?
2) There would be an uproar from coast-to-coast. Vets would march on Washington. Generals would rail about destroying American security.
The tribe has spoken
God help us
Go get'em Senator !  This is a farce.
This is historically tragic...voting for bill they don't want as law. They own the gov't, and this is their best?! #Incompetence
Why are they so willing to destroy fellow citizens/humans life's? What drives them? I don't understand why? It's fellow human life's !
dont they feel sleezy at all?
Stay strong . This just isn't right!!
No different than when Obamacare was passed.
This is not the democratic process!
This is premeditated murder
#WeThePeople are your employers & if this bill passes I, for one, refuse to pay ur #healthcare ~see that @SenateGOP hears this @SenateDems
#CommunistKKKRepublicanParty showing it's true identity.
Seriously, these idiots act like a bunch of children. This isn't a game, this is people's lives at stake. What the hell is wrong with them?
This is insane!
@SenJohnMcCain legacy won't be military or years in @SenateGOP or healthcare speech. His legacy will be his YES vote after saying it's wrong
@SenJohnMcCain People never remember the good things you do and never forget the bad
This is so SAD for The United States of America what is this country coming toHelp AMERICA feel better again!Last 6 mos
Republican party is bunch of liars and gangsters. Complete frauds. Nothing less than extinction of all republicans is satifactory.

A bill the Senate is going to pass to the house even though they know it is a terrible bill. Americans everywhere will suffer. GOP will own
Trying too hard to #MAGA.
Slimeball
Can't the Dems boycott this? How is everyone just going along with this and tweeting about how shocked and appalled they are?
Can't any of them say "No" on this process? Why so impotent, @SenateGOP? You will ruin 1000s. This mess is squarely on u. @LindseyGrahamSC
Thank you Senator Warner. We need you right now. (Can we order you and your staffers some coffee?)
Fox News agrees with Bill browder testimony wow...lets see how long this last
Please start calling them out by name!!! Qoute them.
You can all got hell! You call yourselves public servants as Americans lay awake scared shitless. I hope you all drop dead its despicable!
A lot of us regular citizens out here are very nervous. Doing this in the dead of night? Majority Leader is cowardly
Mr Warner the right is not anti American. I believe Patriots will see Russian weaponizing money in west. London and banks in states
Citizens United wins again.
It's almost as if they were full of shit the whole time
#2018
VA stands w you and @timkaine to stop his horror show of a bill that the GOP is trying to pass in the dark. #VoteNo
Sounds crazy - but it is true
So why are they letting it move forward? Can't have it both ways!
Crazy
2009 ring a bell
You heard nothing but obfuscations
let it pass, it'll be their downfall.
Thank you for your hard work. This must be devastating to be a part of.
We need you! : @SenatorCollins @RandPaul @CapitoforWV @SenBobCorker @SenDeanHeller  @senrobportman @lisamurkowski @SenSasse @BillCassidy
Heard the GOP call this bill a fraud & will still vote yes
Party first
U have done it before .. obamacare !!
Dems wrote new rules. Yippee!
Must vote NO!
The Senate is now an embarrassment thanks 2 McConnell & his minions. This storied body once offered reason & measured thought, now lessened.
Bernie Sanders is making the Republicans' case for them. He might wanna cool down the ACA bashing. Esp. when they're just GOP talking pts.
Get rid of Obamacare! It was a setup, designed to eliminate our constitutional right of freedom from Government control!
This is not how America's government works
All politics aside..., 10:39 p.m is the middle of the night @MarkWarner ?
I agree!  But stop pretending the Dems didn't do the EXACT SAME THING and more to pass #ACA.
Thank you, Senator!
Stay strong Dems, independents, and the few courageous Republicans. We will remember who fought.
Keep working
Sounds like a war-time government who hides in the tunnels trying to govern under attack.....
Thats what a slippery slope looks like. You are in no position to gripe.
They vote it in, they own it. We will remember & they will pay.
Follow your speech with ACTIONS @SenJohnMcCain - #VoteNO
Is healthcare something the nation can vote on as a whole instead?
Wouldn't that be a great idea. Never gonna happen. They are there to represent us. Too bad @GOP is trying to ram this down our throats.
Are there three of your GOP colleagues with any spine?
I heard the same thing @SenJohnMcCain
#VoteNo
Everybody! Log on to C-SPAN and watch it live. Let them know we are watching them right now! #activism
#WeThePeople are watching you.
