Really?  You of all ppl?  Simply amazing Senator. Simply amazing.
The horrific attack, you say?  You mean the one you encouraged?
the horrific attack you called for?
Really? We all heard you encourage this behavior! When will it be enough for you? These are your colleagues that were shot!  Shame on you!
You called on Dems to "fight in the streets" @timkaine you have blood on your hands this is the second @SenSanders supporter to murder for U
Literal VS Figurative language my friend. I don't think the Senator was advocating gladiatorial combat, but rather a fight of ideas.
His own son did not take it figuratively.
True that

Rep. Steve Scalise shot in Alexandria.

Is this what Tim Kaine meant when he said he wanted Dems to "Fight in the streets"  
I wonder how much Soros money he and Bernie get for such treachery?
Ooooooh - Blood on their hands
You incited the violence and should be held accountable. Bleachbit won't clean up blood.
tim YOU should be in jail 
This incident is a direct result of democrats and the liberal main media Maddow, Griffin, Colbert Black lives matter Tim Kaine. Disgusting
When are democrats going to denounce the violent alt left antifa group?
You called on Dems to "fight in the streets" @timkaine you have blood on your hands this is the second @SenSanders supporter to murder for U
Thank God for good guys with guns.  Because of that many families had their loved ones come home last night. WORDS MATTER fight in streets?
Kaine you are just another Dem hypocrite. Weren't you just calling for fights against Trump and Republicans in the streets.
You still want people to fight in the streets against trump and his supporters?
Didn't you call for this kind of thing senator? "We need to fight in the streets" 
@TimKaine advocated street violence. #Liar #Hypocrite #coKaine
You are a #hypocrite ! You called for violence, and now you say this? How's your son? You know one who's a part of  #Antifa who was arrested
This is what you get when you call for blood in the streets, Tim.  Maybe now you'll get on board and support our President.
Just shut up already...
foff kaine
Great courage
When will you renounce your statement, " Fight them in the Streets "?
You and the other anti-American leftists called for violence. This is on you!
What happened to fighting in the streets Dick?
Yet your one of the reasons this happened. #partyofhate
Absolutely not true. We care for everyone.
how in the he'll would you know the truthbuffoon
Terroristocratic party gave birth to this.CNN, NBC, CBS fake news and hate rhetoric from Madonna, Hillary, Tim K and Bernie Sanders.Just Sad
Don't forget all of the leftwing lunatic college profs calling for killing republicans. Like John Griffin @ Art Institute of Washington
Tim Kaine called for Dems to fight Reps "in the streets". Just like his loser Antifa son, Tim is an advocate for today's violence
@timkaine Calls 4 violence in street @DNC loyalist @NPRinskeep has Kaine on @NPR @MorningEdition run covr 4 #resistance violence #Alexandria
You got your fighting in the streets happy now?
When are you going to apologize for calling on people to carryout this horrific attack?
on you Tim...own it
Your hand is in this.  Take responsibility for your fueling up the hate among your constituents.  Shame on you for inciting hate.
You called for this Kaine.Your party of hate is provoking this.
You are a traitor.
Fake.
But you told democrats to fight Republicans in the streets. Don't act appalled when it happens.
You should be recalled for encouraging violence.
"fight in the streets" they said. People should know better than to listen to slimy leftists.
Gunman listened to you and fought in the streets
It would go a long way for you take back your call to fight in the streets
The blood is on your hands, you called on Dems to fight in the streets. I hope you're happy now, Liberalism is now Terrorism!!!
Your own call to violence notwithstanding? Proud of your antifa son, i know. Why the fake appreciation to police? #Phony
YOU CALLED FOR "BLOOD ON THE STREETS". HE LISTENED. THIS IS YOU!
You hypocrite. You wanted this, you called for this, you supported this, even your own son is involved in this. You should be ashamed.
You wanted this. Reap what you sow, Kaine.
You're  responsible.
This is your fault!! You told people to fight in the streets!!! They are!!! You are terrible for this country!!
Didn't you and Lynch call for people to fight in the streets against Trump? There is blood on the radical Democrats hands. Work together!
You called for the left to take the fight to the streets, you incited violence, you have blood on your hands
#RESIST, If Clinton wins #Trump supporters might be violent. 
Its funny how ur narrative is so predictably "Radical". Time to investigate U1
Kaine, how dare u even mention these men of character, while being a Soros advocate 2Incite violence
@timkaine @MarkWarner @AlexandriaVAPD
your attitude has made your son a violent man, it's also pushed others to violence. you need to stop.
Just look at that face! Clown breed.
Their blood is on your hands.
This is your fault.
So easy to say those words. How about being a man & taking back the ones urging Dems to "Fight in the Streets"?
This blood is on your hands. You called 4 these nut jobs to "fight in the streets". #bobcreamer
You're a violent hate monger. I hope you're proud of the shootings you caused today. You have blood on your hands.
Blood  on  your  hands 
Didn't you direct people to fight in the streets? This is on you.
I'm calling for ur immediate arrest for inciting violence and conspiracy to commit murder! #bloodyhands
#BloodyHandsKaine
#FakeTweet
You should be charged with conspiracy to murder.
Liar
With all due respect, which is none.
Thanks for reminding us how lucky we are that you and that other sleaze bag are not in The People's White House
It's people like you that make me glad that Trump won...
This blood is on YOUR hands, cuck
Pretty sure you won't be winning reelection, Tim "fight in the streets" Kaine.
Wait what now? YOU called for violence on the street!
You're responsible for this. You and your pedo friends will hang at the gallows very soon.
Fighting in the streets!!! Isn't that what you wanted JOKER???
Blame yourself Kaine. You called for fighting in the streets. This is what you wanted killer.
Didn't you call on your followers to "fight in the streets?" You have blood on your hands.
I use this orange stuff to get grease off my hands when I work on my car. You should try it, might work on blood too.
Such a good father you are to teach your son to fight for the resistance in the streets! Arrested, but I'm sure you are proud!
You asked for "fighting in the streets". You should be arrested or resign for ignorance.
Your mom must be so ashamed of you.  Sad.
This is on you Mr Kaine.   You called for this.
You hypocrite! You got your wish, they're fighting in the streets against Trump, this shooting is on you.
You don't mean it. We know better.
Fighter in the streets, quite whimpers of sorrow in the sheets?  Is this how you manage people?  "pull the trigger" while you condone.
You helped incite this violence with your dangerous rhetoric
You should honestly be charged for inciting violence, you are not at all complicit in today's attacks. Disgraceful for a VP candidate.
Your son is antifa/a terrorist and you tell people to "fight in the streets", you meant it in a literal sense and you know what you're doing
This tragedy is your fault. And when is your former running mate gonna disavow this horrible act?
Your mindless leftist minions take your violent rhetoric seriously.  Tell your servants in the MSM to tone it down about 10 notches.
You provoked this. You and others calling for violence. I'm so grateful you are not my VP. Even your son is a violent thug.
#Radicaldemocratterrorism
Are you happy Jaime? This is what you called for. There's blood on your hands and everyone else on the left that called for violence
Isn't this what you asked for, Tim?  And before you lie and say 'figure of speech', we know your son joined ANTIFA ,so you are being literal
Hey Timmy. Was today what you meant when you told democrats to 'fight in the streets against Trump?'
You and Loretta Lynch called for blood and fighting in the street. Are you happy now Tim?
You still want to "fight in the streets" tough guy??????
#streetfighters #FUCKOFF
This attacker was answering your call to take it to the streets.
U should be proud of your son and the example you leave for him. Calling for resistance of America and death to our elected officials
I see you favour violence in the streets before fighting for votes next election. Have you nothing to offer other than hatred.
You called for violence, your terrorist son answered the call.
I invite you to come "fight me in the streets" since you're inciting it you might as well come lead it.
This guy took up your call to "fight republicans in the streets." You and the leftist "resistance" have blood on you hands tonight
thank you?? you called for violence in the streets? you are a sick twisted human being.  you raised your criminal son the same way!
He brought the fight to the streets my dude. Was he friends with your son?
You called leftists to fight in the streets.  Your son is arrested for rioting.  We made the right choice when we rejected you and Hillary.
Blood on your hands
How is that fighting in the streets going for you now Timmy?
Isn't your son one of these a$$holes? #resistance is a futile, you lost. Stop inciting the #democRATS to violence
You wanted people to fight in the streets. You encouraged this. #VAshooting #shooting

The horrific attack you called for?
Your wish came true. Fighting in the streets. You have blood on your hands.
You're a sick twisted man... I can't believe we have terrorists for leaders
#bloodontheirhands its all because of your rhethoric 1. Dehumanize 2. Normalize 3. profit
You got what you wanted. Everyone that supports this "resist" movement got what they wanted today. Blood in the streets, right Timmy?
You got your wish senator! Blood in the streets and your son attacking people! You must be so proud!
You better get your son in line or else he'll be the next one to do something like this.
This is exactly what you called for. Why are you calling it horrific?
You're complicit in this thing with the rhetoric you spew about fighting in the streets!
Tim Kaine is a creep, a cuck, and a good for nothing SOB.F Tim KaineF Tim KaineF Tim KaineF Tim KaineF Tim KaineF Tim Kaine
MURDERER!
When are you going to stop this hate aimed at every Republican in office & in the country....Where does it stop?
Everyone except the loonies and rabble rousers are SICK of it. Get over the election, stop being so partisan....
stop using antifa and other groups to fight a civil war. Enough from the media most of the dems, all of you. Stop.
It takes a special kind of maniacal arrogance to extend sympathies for an attack YOU called for. The blood, sir, is on your guilty hands
Thank you @timkaine for taking leadership and not playing the blame game!
Uh, he literally said "Democrats should fight in the streets" Like six months ago. His son arrested as member of AntiFA, do some research.
You should resign Sir
You and all the other hate-spewing pols and media deserve blame for inciting violence. SHAME on you!
What's your son up to these days, Mr. Blood and Resist?

Something about an apple and a tree, I forget.
Shame on @timkaine. Hypocrite.
This dude has potential to be the next shooter @FBI  he stated that @SteveScalise in agony was the highlight of his day  smh
You're a monster.
But you called for this why are you sorry now ??
Why have you betrayed your parents? They know what you have wrought.
Not ok for Sen. Kaine to say what he said but no one parts their lips when Trump said it was okay to "knock the crap out of someone." Pssh!
Yea because protesters where coming in and fighting at his rallies. When did Trump protesters interrupt and fight and Clinton rallies? Psssh
Oh that's far different than your taking the  fight to the streets comment . Can't imagine why I believe you're happy about today's shooting
So when are you coming in to the streets to bring the fight Tim? I'm ready for you!
shame on you, for creating the atmosphere of violence & insanity that has placed all Republicans & police at risk.
