Make no mistake: this is #sabotage that will destabilize the insurance market and undermine protections for pre-existing conditions. https://twitter.com/washingtonpost/status/918503422642487297 …
We are so embarrassed by this president.
Gigantor exposes sinister Russian robots with his Elucidating Eye-Beams of Enlightenment!
We already pay Twice as much as any other country for care outside of the top 30. #M4A
Is that like letting your "Chairman" sabotage the Russia investigation? You need to call him out on his lies. Losing credibility fast.
Can we call it #Trumpcare now?
TrumpKill.
He's not sabotaging the ACA. In his mind he's sabotaging 'Obama'care.  That's all he cares about is ridding history of Obama's presidency.
Which is “a good thing.”
You of course are entitled to your opinion. I don't share it along with millions of other Americans and people around the world. Take care.
You too.
Begin impeachment proceedings against that hateful human being.
#NeoNazi #Trump's #MAGA will be hurt most by his taking away their #healthcare, but being gullible fools, they won't connect the dots. #Nazi
Pay for you damn ins.
Congress DO SOMETHING!!! Save it, get rid of trump, just DO SOMETHING
Ceasing unconstitutional subsidies to insurance companies is sabotage?
And how many who are about to lose their care voted for the moron?
When will CEOs realize not only doesn’t Trump care nothing for citizen health, but he cares nothing about sound business markets or profits
We KNOW the problem..DO SOMETHING TO STOP IT. THIS PREZ MUST NOT PREVAIL.
PLEASE DO SOMETHING TO RID US OF THIS MENTAL WRECK.
Clearly the affected don't know what's coming. We need details.
Really Mark!  I’m paying more now for less coverage - and it’s going up. ACA failed. All of you in Congress have failed the citizens. Shame.
I thought it just about undoing 44’s accomplishments...you means there’s other stuff?
The sky is falling, The sky is falling! Get a real job!
Chopping down one more reckless thing OBama the terrorist began. It is so good to be getting our country back.
Trumps actions are not sabotaging Obamacare. They are sabotaging the health of Americans. Trumps killing Americans to prove a point.
Ok...so...what are you all doing about it???
Then DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS!!!!
Thank GOP. Completely cowardly, useless, corrupt bunch of crooks.
Can't. Stand. GOP.
Already paying more for worse care under Medicare Advantage Plan forced into by employer retiree plan last year. Getting worse 2018
I guess yr sob doeant care Period he wants to have his signature care only
No.Dems caused $6K deductibles to pay 
for Ins nobody wanted. Need was Medicaid expansion for low wage earners, caused by open borders. See?
You could have prevented this, Congress could have offered America the same coverage they get, you get. Good enough for Congress Good 4 USA
How is free market across state lines sabotage, marky?  How about a little less hyperbole?
He's killing all of our families that need "long term" health care. What the hell is "short term"? Is it for short term life spans? SAD!!!
Yes he is sabotaging the ACA and we need to start calling it Trump Care if he wants to pull this crap !
Helping more people get insurance they can use at lower prices and your against it. Have you ever had to pay for your own insurance coverage
Explain to my 28 year old why he pays So much while  50 years are paying so little.  Older folks should be paying their fair share.
Then u don't understand how insurance works...they paid for decades
Hurting the US populace is a typical trumptactic, to cause divisiveness & discord...akin to Russian hacking tactics & purposes led by JK.
We need a beer summit. 
The Sen. from No. Va . has no idea how difficult it is to provide decent coverage for a family in rural Sw. And Southside Va.
More scare tactics from the left with no facts to back them up.If ObamaCare was the answer why did members of Congress opt out??
I haven't filled my scripts since March because they doubled in price and I still can't hit my deductible. Thanks for piling on more, POTUS.
I doubt that Trump can make an already bad system worse.  I don't like Executive Orders however, unless clearly based on underlining law.
That was the calm before the storm bullshit he was talking about. Personal touch of healthcare sabotage done by executive orders.

THIS was the calm before the storm. 
So how many more are needed for the #impeachment to begin? My count is they have 4
#BREAKING: Trump picks deputy chief of staff for Homeland Security secretary http://hill.cm/ugQxRvQ  
I just saw my $635 a month ACA premium likely jump to $1000 a month. As it is we have no carriers as of next year in Winchester/Frederick County market.
Corrupt health insurance companies are having an orgasm right now.
Can’t sabotage something that doesn’t work in the first place.
Peopke cabt afford obama care now so whats your point and why havent dems done anything before now
Violates oath of office to uphold constitution. Art II Sec 3: The president "shall take Care that the Laws shall be faithfully executed."
You must be writing about bammy.
Please u and others can write bills and appeal to others to stop this lunatic!! Please please please sir help us.
Wrong. Where in the Constitution is Health Care or insurance a power of the federal gov't? NOT.
Then why not work worth GOP on a better deal, instead of obstructing progress?
The ACA caused this Virginian to pay more for worse healthcare for him and his family. My HSA was awesome before the govt messed with it!
HSAs only benefit those able to afford to save. Enjoy your "across state lines" plan that covers nothing

PreACA
No pre-existing-had to move for job My broken foot needed therapy-NO coverage
moved back SD-Ins $600
w/ACA $300 Better @SenJohnThune
Outrageous to say the least
ACA is crap and MOST Americans that have to PAY for it DO NOT want it. The "Mistake" was when it was created and FORCED on Americans!
shouldn't have passed a partisan bill to start with. If you were doing your job #Obamacare  wouldn't have passed to start with
Today would be a good day for Toxic T/Swamp  /Birther-Bigot in Chief/Fuc  Moron to be compelled to RESIGN! Enough of Mr Chaos!!
The people in the Beltway are doing nothing about it, maybe you should get back to work and fix the problem
Lying for political purposes is unbecoming @markwarner @SenateDems
#ACA is something you know is already #DOA So many can't afford ACA its sabotaged itself when passed Written poorly performed worse #Gruber
can we stop call it ACA now? Trump owns this now...Trumpcare
The Democratic party has been reduced to silent tweets. Dems have a losing mentality. Learn from Corker.
Uh, people lost their doctors under Obamacare, even tho Obama promised they wouldn’t. Premiums & deductibles went sky high too.
McCain tears into Trump for missing Russia sanctions deadline http://hill.cm/H84kSNh  #trumprussia #treason is a tragedy for US + our world!
trump is a domestic threat to our Country and our Allies. He is an enemy of the State. REMOVE HIM!!!
Obama was a muslim who brought muslim brotherhood into our gov. You had no problem then
I am already living this while trying to refinance my house
So the talking points said to repeat the word sabotage! Leftist lemmings can't help but comply.
You are either  fool or a BOT. Hope you are a BOT.Anyone in their right mind would be very upset.Good luck with your health BOT....
Remember his precious 30% base is on SSI, Medicare and Medicaid, probably won’t touch them. The get their money direct deposit from the feds
Obama care is killing me $800 a month for one single woman that's as much is my rent now thank you POTUS for helping me . Term limits
Get a job with better insurance.
Mine is $300 a month for a family of 4.
What is ur problem?
You're absolutely right, it is a real-life issue. Which is why we need to defund it now.

