.@MarkWarner Please encourage your colleagues to do more to help #PuertoRico and #USVI
It's been a week and nothing. Our people have run out of food and clean water. People dying. Move faster!
Please take action now. Those people need our help. They are American citizens.
While your at it,get Trump out too...fuck it.Clean house.
Hey Mark, how about you start making plans instead of just complaining no one is doing enough.
Why wait? Now!!
The president is a raving racist with a heart two sizes two small. We can't depend on him to take care of anything.
I heard some (a lot)  of the debt they owed had to do with illegal drug money. That needs to be addressed while offering humanitarian aid
Shame on you spreading unsubstantiated lies.
Show me a birth certificate that says your name is Starbelly Sneetch and we will talk about spreading lies at that time
Show me a reputable source for your claim and I'll concede it.
You got me there -I can't show it to you because it was verbal LOL
Oh, so it's that old "people are saying... <insert crazy bullshit here>" trope?
Call from a friend an hour ago: My father passed away alone in bed during the hurricane. Can't go bury him. #actnow #HurricaneMaria
Please now. #PuertoRicoRelief
Me: I vote #actnow #HurricaneMaria
Thank you US Navy, Marines, AF, & Coast Guard for phase 1. We now need mainland licensed drivers. Supplies on dock. Need Gen Honore. Tragic
That should have happened days ago=people are dying & a madman is worried about raising $ 4 kegal fees. ENOUGH! @SenateFloor
Don't wait! Puerto Ricans don't have that kind of time!
#TakeActionNOW #AidForPR
POTUS made a very strong sstatement concering the help being provided. #PuertoRico
.@MarkWarner Congress should take action anyway. Waive the #JonesAct. #PuertoRico
AND GET FAKE ELECTIONS ILLEGAL CHEATS OUT OF OUR WH!!!
LEGAL WINNER HRC NEEDED IN WH IMMEDIATELY
Yes, they should! The people of Puerto Rico cannot afford to be at the mercy of @realDonaldTrump . Please intervene!!
You are so clueless or you are a trouble maker that you don't even know that FEMA is there and starting there job.
Hey did you stray away from work again. Get to work and do your job that I am paying you for.
By the way,Your boy toy OBama would be golfing
My brother in tears: Get me out of here #actnow #HurricaneMaria
Pentagon: Approx 44% of the pop. of Puerto Rico is w/o drinking water. 11 of 69 hospitals have fuel or power.
You are aware that PR's governor lauded FEMA's response? I know this doesn't fit the liberal narrative of lies.
Please don't wait for him to make a decision. Please just take action. Our Puerto Rican family needs help. Water and food, now!
Don't wait for their response to improve. #PuertoRico and #USVI need all the help they can get right now.
I think congress needs to get rid of the Jones Act so Trump will have no excuse for not sending relief to Puerto Rico.
Let's just skip the shameful delay and go straight to congressional action!
Congress hasn't acted on anything in 9 years.  What does it take? The longer they wait the fewer the people they will have to help.
Then stop being part of the problem
Hundreds of emails from people in my town: help me find my parents #actnow #HurricaneMaria Put yourself in their shoes.
Call from a family member this am: we will run out of food in a week #actnow
But they’re brown Americans.
PEOPLE ARE DYING
I heard you told someone on the phone that you will not take action until the WH does. I hope they lied because I have higher hopes for you.
Do it, already!
trump is incompetent and unable to make appropriate decision to immediately assist Puerto Rico-why can't something be done to intervene-our
govt must be in a position to deal w/ a sick man like trump-if we're not in that position-then congress must enact legislation to do so.
Thank you for Standing up for Puerto Rico! They can not be ignored or forgotten. This is a humanitarian crisis and they are US citizens
Why is it your job to provide assistance? Government only gets in the way. Remove the barriers that hinder our people from giving.
Please do.
After disaster is over time to grant independence
The President has made it abundantly clear that this is punishment for Puerto Rico's debt to Wall Street. But Congress is also bought.
Why wait?
@MarkWarner :  Don't wait; action by Congress required regardless.  #puertorico
They don't need a visit from Trump, as I hear he's promised). They need the USS Comfort, and more bottled water, food, etc
Don't wait, LEGISLATE!
Thank you @MarkWarner for acting like an American. Please keep up the good work and protect all of us  from the #GrifterInChief
3rd major disaster close together.....a tad harder to get supplies to an island amd resources now stretched thin.  help is there
Please don't wait. They need immediate help & a long term recovery plan. This is not Trump's base. He will do nothing.
Sir, as your constituent, we don't have time to wait. ACT NOW.
If congressional action is less than impeachment it is insufficient.
How about Congress taking action period? So far only the Democrats got away with passing bad Bills, and the Republicans can't agree.
Right now the needs are more immediate and dire, but it’s time to make PR the 51st State.
Yes, you should remove your sorry butt immediately!
People will die waiting for the administration, Congress needs to act now.
These folks can't drive to a safer spot. Very few flights out, aid in the billions of meals and water not in the millions. People .. .
On the ground in San Juan aren't seeing the supplies flowing. I did get my first cell call from friends.
Just now. They say everything and everywhere reeks of sewage and decay. Disease and riots will begin.
11 dead in FL due to heat and they had fans...how many have to die before congress takes action!
@mcuban has Mavs on the ground helping get supplies to Puerto Rico. What has @realDonaldTrump done except rude tweets abt @NFL ? @NBCNews
Congress needs to take action now!!!!
Please!  Don’t wait any longer on the administration...many lives are at stake and lost with each passing day.  Congress should act now!!
Please do it already Senator Warner! Americans stand with you. Thank you.
How exactly is this Admins response lacking? Gov of PR say admin and FEMA are doing fantastic job helping.
but how long will Congress wait to see if the admin's response improves? PR and USVI need help NOW. please force a vote on Irma/Maria aid.
$1 billion already earmarked. And, feet on the ground. With no electricity, floods, etc., it's not going to be a fast start.
You should charge Trump with negligent homicide.  Get him out of our house.
Please wait no longer. Act today. Many American lives depend on it.
PLEASE ACT NOW. DO NOT WAIT. IGNORE THE ORANGE SHITGIBBON. SEND AID NOW!
Congress holds the money, as you don't know do your job already and stop being a crybaby,
Shouldn't you have already done that???!!!
Take action
They need our help @MarkWarner. People are dying and hungry NOW.
Then go and help
Can congress/senate call on UN & other countries for humanitarian aid for Puerto Rico & USVI?
Impeach Complicit Congress first if you desire action.
We are watching! Please take swift action: This delay is simply unacceptable.
@SheriShannon27
Live one day, then three, then a week, w/out electricity, fuel; this priority requires congress to MOVE NOW
Congress should not wait.
Trump shows he's only interested in empty symbolic gestures like waving the flag and pissing matches. You guys have to step into the void
Why r u trying to blame the current administration? We have Houston and Florida and now Puerto Rico...how much can we do at one time?
Congress is currently occupied murdering sick people. Please stand by for assistance.
It won’t, so just take action. How long until you learn that POTUS isn’t a leader? Take things into your own hands.
Thank you! Many constituents still haven't been able to communicate with our families!!
Why wait..
Please urge support be provided by the US military who we support to the tune of trillions of dollars.  They know how to rebuild.
Relief pkg. for Puerto Rico was put before Congress w/ in 48 hrs.   Fake News!!
Please, act now!
They don't have a lot of time sir. The clock is running out of time.
Frankly Sen. Congress has failed to act on anything for the last 9 years. Only obstruction.
Mark, Congress has no idea what action is. You all have been a do nothing congress for years now. Surprised you all can find your way home.
If Puerto Rico was a state maybe the president would understand that they are United States citizens
Seems they are more concerned with press conferences to talk healthcare & taxes more than RELIEF EFFORTS BEING PUT IN PLACE!
Please mobilize more military support to clear roads and ports to get supplies to residents. FEMA cannot be the sole emergency response.
Distract much? How about the Awan scandal and DWS? Anthony Weiner? Samantha Power? What don't we want out there?
Propose bill "no relief for PR, no relief for anyone." Stop hurricane, flood, fire, quake aid period in entirety of US.
All I have seen is news conferences, all talk, all lies. Maria struck WHEN? Why all the pressers, but not as much relief? I'll tell you why
I'm STILL waiting for 'visible' congressional action!! Proof lays at your feet DAILY re this illegitimate prez.. #ImpeachTrump
Seems like you're grandstanding. I've seen reports on the news where the administration is sending aid. How about that Menendez trial?
Please help Puerto Rico.  No food, no water, no electricity, and very little shelter... These people need help NOW!!
Congress must act today!!!
Help Puerto Rico....Nowwwwww
Tx U for your continued leadership!
Maybe you should have voted for money top go there, instead of giving DJT $700B for his illegal war powers.
Well said!
Why can't Congress write a bill for relief for PR? Why wait for poor response from WH? Terrible.
#PeopleFirst
Americans are dying. Do it now. Please.
How about take action on into your own hands & not wait?
We've run out of time waiting for POTUS to act. NOW is the time to take action or more Americans in #PuertoRico & #USVI are going to die.
Please do it now before hundreds die!
Don't wait! Put politics aside and have the initiative to further push for aid.
Load everyone in the airport into some 747's and send to ATL or other US hub and they can transfer from there.  Can do in 1 day!

What a crock of ! They should have acted IMMEDIATELY by sending MORE HELP! Captain Chaos is more concerned about sports teams protesting!
Don't expect much from lazy in chief
What are you waiting for? What tools are at your disposal? You should start now in case the administration fails.
Thanks for this tweet - when I called your office they told me many are calling in concern. Please press Congress for action NOW! Cant wait
You don't have time to wait and see. Please act now.
I think you have waited long enough - take action!
Puerto Rico is waiting for congress to act! Administration has done everything they can up to this point. Smh 

DT ignoring US Citizens has gone on too long already. Congress needs to act now, TODAY! Put yourself in their shoes, how long can you wait?
Senator, I believe you and your colleagues need to act now. The situation is bad and people are in trouble. It's been nearly a week.
You're only in trouble in your mind! There's nothing changed currently that Obama didn't set precedence on already. It's hogwash!
There's no time to wait for this administration-they've had plenty of time. Please act now! People are suffering.
Congress can take action on thier own. Do it. Don't wait for donny, hes busy with his childish nfl feud
Senator, with all due respect  Hell Could Freeze over,& #PuertoRicoRelief  before this Admin does anything ,except tweet nonsense.
Do it Mark!
Congress needs to take action NOW!  Puerto Rico is living on borrowed time...TAKE ACTION NOW!

We should'nt even have to say this. REPUBLICANS prove once again they can't lead or govern.
Time is of the essence. Must act today
If Puerto Rico sends out an SOS, shouldn't the international aid ships be able to deliver supplies directly to the island?
Diesel fuel for generators. Two people died in hospital ICU because of lack of fuel. How many more are you waiting for?
what hasn't been done?  #liar. what have YOU done?
Lives are at risk. Do it now. Admin only cares abt agenda of dividing the nation by talking about SPORTS even though we have ppl in danger.
I just saw Paul Ryan pumping out healthcare & tax reform on CNN joking, while people in Puerto Rico are waiting for relief!
Yes, ASAP.  Maybe put aside repealing Obamacare for the 100th time.
They pay taxes?  They’re a state?  News to me.
Yes, it's called taxation without representation-- just like all other U.S. territories, as well as Washington D.C.
Clock is ticking; action needed now.
Congress already should have done something. Why are you waiting for compassion that will never come from this administration? Step up.
Please help Puerto Rico  and only San Juan think about all PR the little towns to.
Pls send Red Cross ship IMMEDIATELY!!!!!
I don't think Puerto Rico can wait any longer. This demands immediate attention- Yesterday
they are overdue for help!! please act now
No time to wait to see if admin response improves. Pls take action now.
@frostpixie5 took u awhile to figure it out out huh? #PuertoRicoRelief
Congress should work NOW, Trump has shown us who he is & we should believe him.
