my apologies to you. I thought it was you who interrupted Miss Harris. John McCain is a guest & you need to stop him frm interrupting women.
at a different hearing Senator Burr scolded Senator Harris like a mad Father. Please stop with the outrage at Senator Harris.
Mr. Burr only 1 apology. Answer me! What is it about smart strong women that make you quake?  townhall would be a good place to answer this.
An articulate assertive woman always evokes either admiration or prejudice
I am going with admiration. it is time that people recognized that women are smart strong & a force to be reckoned with. hear me Sen Burr,
Absolutely. This comes from a man born with six sister siblings
I look forward to less interruptions of Senator Harris when she is speaking. When you do that you look so insecure.
That's because they do become intolerant if not insecure
Leave it to @SenatorBurr to sellout #POTUS with terrorist sympathizer & Obama spy Jeh Johnson! 
 #WitchHunt @SenateMajLdr Replace #Burr
I'm a Tarheel, and I am APPALLED AT @SenatorBurr
WHAT DID BURR DO?
If you have evidence of a trump crime let's see it. If not drop this nonsense and go after those that actually broke the law.
How long will you drag this out with zero progress toward convicting and jailing the #TrumpCrimeFamily?
Harvard-Harris Poll survey, Sixty-four percent of voters said the investigations into President Trump and Russia are hurting the country.
Next time you have a DOJ member testifying before you, could you ask them to correct their FBI website. Still showing 0 murders for Newtown.
I'm so glad you had productive conversations BUT none of your phone lines work for your constituents to contact you. No secret AHCA bill!
I hope u charge Comey w/perjury since he is now lying that Trump pressured him to stop the Flynn investigation after his 5/3 testimony.
Vote NO on the secret Senate AHCA bill.  If it passes, the entire GOP will OWN it and no one will forget in future elections.
Will you allow Susan Rice "unmasking" info to hide in the Obama library for 5 years.  Hope not.  No justice for the "Russia" accused!!
Who unmasked Flynn? Rice right? Was that a crime? You know, I'm tired of you republicans eating your own. Grow a pair and lead for once
Senator Burr, this entire investigation has been a circus show from the beginning. You people are embarrassing yourselves. Move it along.
Someone is leaking CIA officials names, pictures, spouses and stations on the web associated with russia and former soviet states. Find them
Why have you turned your sham investigation over to Democrats? You were elected to lead, so lead or expect huge losses in 2018.
@SenatorBurr I for one am sick and tired of you going after @POTUS stop using OUR taxpayer $ this has gone on long enuf w/ zero evidence!
#trumprussia #treason is an emergency! It could take many years to fully grasp every detail in multifaceted case! We need to ACT ASAP @GOP
Totally disagree on special counsel! When Comey said no collusion & not being under investigation ridiculous to move forward! Step up GOP!
There is nothing constructive about the special council, it's time to get on with the business of making US great again
Meanwhile illegal domestic spying/unmasking classified docs stolen from govt by obama! Rice,lynch,Farkas NEVER investigated:SUBPOENA

You know, like Loretta, or comey, both of the clintons, who keeps leaking your "closed door" information. Quit following the liberal agenda
You shd be ashamed of how you have pissed away taxpayer $ on this witch hunt! You're helping fuel division in this country! SHAME ON YOU!
Mueller shd recuse himself! He is breaking special prosecutor rules! It states if u know anyone involved in case i.e. Comey u shall recuse!
Time to stop this nonsense. No evidence, its wasting time and money.
Are you getting any of this?

https://twitter.com/KimDotcom/status/876557108677820416 …

Step 1 Call @KimDotcom 
Set 2 Check the DNC Server

Call me if you need more
My legal team still has no feedback from Special Counsel Mueller. What's the point of his Russia probe if he doesn't consider the evidence?
NO Obama or trumpcare! Keep your promise to REPEAL OCare totally as you ALL stated! #UnitedForFreedom!
Do your damn job!!!
I voted for you. NEVER AGAIN!!!!.You are in bed with the Dems on this o fake investigation. No evidence on Trump and assoc's..
We voted for Trump and his agenda not yours. Muller & his Trump hater staff needs to be closed down now and you Traitor Rep. can go home.
Forget this Russia crap - get behind the President's agenda! HOW DID YOU GET RE-ELECTED???
Outraged over crony relationship of Mueller and Comey? How is THAT legal? Mueller's staff = Clinton doners!! Protect the President.
We want this sh*t show shut down. Complete waste of taxpayer money. No "there" there. Why isn't #CrookedHillary being investigated?
you need to end this bullshit. Nothing more than a lynching and showboating
You do realize that Robert Mueller is so conflicted as a Comey friend & globalist Obama/Clinton hack no one with a brain trusts him one iota

COUNT ON IT #DNC & #GOP(e), You'll Be Out!
We Won't Submit to Deep State or RADICAL LIBERAL TERRORISM
#MAGA #WeThePeople…
You sir need to decide which side u on. Either fight for the president or go home . More voted for Trump than you think.
Senator end the investigation on Russian Collusion. Enough is Enough.
Country over party always, Senator.
What does this witch hunt teach our children?
How does this witch hunt relieve our tax burden?
How is this witch hunt making our economy grow?
How is this witch hunt making our country safer?
What a great disservice to your North Carolina constituency by participating in this witch hunt. How will you attack the president next?

Just crazy McCabe blew his chance to be Director in 2-days. In front of the whole TV world, he called Trump a liar ... I mean, "inaccurate."
Will you & the SC investigate crimes where REAL evidence exists? How will the SC investigate Dems if his team is all Dems - makes no sense
Could u be more of an A$$ kisser? The same folks that hired @realdonaldtrump will  u fence riders. #MAGA w/ end of @gop
I hope you asked him about his TEXTBOOK conflict of interest in this case. He can't evaluate his "longtime friend's" credibility.
Future engagements....seems like you will be having a lot of them.  Get the traitors out of the WH!
We see you. Your sexism and misogyny is showing. Uncomfortable by a highly intelligent woman these days? Nevertheless, she'll persist.
Republicans like you are so scared of the left ? Why ? Special counsel is full of Hillary lawyers
@SenFeinstein Please begin a #SpecialCounsel investigation on #AGLynch on #HRC "email matter" @TheJusticeDept
Sen Burr, please send @realDonaldTrump a clear message that firing Bob Mueller would be a catastrophic mistake. We are a nation of laws 

Get the latest #SethRich updates here: http://SethRich.info 

My legal team is still waiting for a reply from US Special Counsel Mueller.
I'm going to do all I can to make sure you never ever represent NC again, You push fake Russia, NO Fast&Furious,Bengazi, hammered phones.
Money sent to Iran, meeting on a tarmac, SETH RICH MURDERED, WHERE ARE YOU AT..WHAT A JOKE, YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT US OR THE TRUTH.NEVER AGAIN
You vote for secret bill that you won't let Americans or Dems see! You were elected by those people you will vote to kill! UnAmerican!Shame!
Hey @SenatorBurr. Perhaps next time you allow @SenKamalaHarris respect. Sessions was the #Hysterical 1. https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/15/lobbyist-russian-interests-jeff-sessions-testimony?CMP=Share_iOSApp_Other … #TrumpRussia
You owe @SenKamalaHarris and the citizens of California, an apology for your rude behavior regarding her quality questioning of Sessions.
we the ppl want an investigation into possible laws clintons,obama, and lynch may have broken
We deserve an explanation about from @POTUS re: tapes, fraud wiretap claim he can't viciously attack people at his leisure
why you wasting so much time and OUR money on this BS.  This is all because there were no consequences for Hillary/Rice/Lunch
#WitchHunt
Stop the bullshit witch hunt. Mueller is tainted by his friendship with Comey and you know that. We are onto you establishment pigs.
@gop WH leaker @potus "melting down..never been this crazed. Refusing..meetings,lashing out-something big is coming." 2nd "more paranoid!"
Why MEN allowed to question w/o scolding but not so for WOMEN?  Chair let MEN badger Hillary for 11 HOURS!!!!!!   Sexism in our gov't!!!
DT "melting down..never been this crazed. Refusing meetings, lashing out -something big is coming..he knows it" more paranoid!
It's time for the GOP to stand up to Trump & his continued undermining rhetoric & behavior toward the investigation!
Wondering if you're doing what you can to stop the repeal of Obamacare
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/15/lobbyist-russian-interests-jeff-sessions-testimony?CMP=share_btn_tw …  

Oh hai just wanted to make sure you saw that your good friend perjured himself and here is the proof.
Time to focus on important things. Why aren't you insisting on healthcare hearings?
Good job but stay n pursuit.  Subpoena those individuals & those documents that r hiding under rocks. That's the only way 2 get 2 the truth.
what more can there be to investigate?
Time to stop these needless investigations &support your President we have things we need to get done. MUELLER has huge conflict of interest
Republicans are gutless s. Remember how helpful Dems were with obama investigations-  no help- investigations went nowhere push back RHINO
Let Kamala speek!!!
What was the meeting about, your conversion to being a Democrat?? Maybe you'll just stay gutless  and pretend, destroying the rep/agenda!!
Repeal Obamacare and cut taxes, you pompous media-butt-kissing weakling.  NC must be ashamed of you.
That looked really constructive!  Mueller is not impartial. He needs to go. This needs to end now.
https://www.facebook.com/SenatorKamalaHarris/videos/440311109645361/ …
What in the world are doing praising this Farce A SC to investigate what you already knew Trump wasn't under investigation Shut it down WORK
Jeff sessions Nunez and a bunch of republicans think they work for Trump and not American people. I am retired paying taxes on pension!!
Furious U clowns don't even know what's in Special Counsel statute. You R acting like Dems. Definitely being used by Dems d/t UR stupidity.
Per Special Counsel statute, MUELLER MUST STEP DOWN or B Fired. Do U even know what's in the statute? Committee is PATHETIC. #TermLimits
When are u gonna knock this witch hunt off? Waste of our tax dollars! #RINO
Your No Republican! We do Remember. This is a Political Witch Hunt and Your Leady it with the Corrupt Democrats. Shame on You!
Why don't you stand up for your party or resign?  Is Mueller telling you what to do too?
@MarkWarner @SenJohnMcCain @KamalaHarris Has AGSessions provided written DOJ rules he claimed existed allowing him not to answer questions?
Many GOP will be voted out in 2018 if you continue to play games. The Dems may as well replace inert persons afraid of their shadows.
Stand with the POTUS and stop enabling this clown show, special investigation of POTUS who was never under investigation? 
Illuminate the special counsel and stop wasting taxpayer money!
Please post dates committee will be interviewing Susan Rice and Loretta Lynch. We appreaciate all that you do!
Anything happens to harm our President you Republicans will regret it come your reelections. We will vote you out!
I am concerned about his bringing on too many "Clintonites" and about your lack of vigorous support for @POTUS @SenatorBurr help #MAGA 4myvt
The only "constructive" meeting that should be taking place is to fire Special Counsel & end this witch hunt
Isn't Muller investigation supposed to be independent @SenatorBurr ? Why would you talk to him?!
You mean the witch hunt?  His "team" is totally skewed. Can't he be forced to balance the team?
next time tell that bitch harris to go fix you a sandwich. Keep her in her place.
The ppl are fed up with investig wasting  taxpayer money instead of focusing on Russia develop ability destroy are electrical grid forever
Put an end to the investigation into Russia, how long is it been going on now. I think it's time to end it.
You need to unite with our president now.
North Carolina we need to stand behind our president and if our leaders don't we need to fire in 2018.
Mr Burr I voted for you to represent me and you are not doing so. I will not vote for you in 2018 if you can't do your job. Stand behind
Our elected president.  I will continue to say this all the way to the election. Stop this fake scandal you know it's fake.
What constructive meeting? @realDonaldTrump won the election. Knock it off Senator. Which party do you belong to.
Who leaked the obstruction investigation info to WashPo? How is it that three friends, Rosenstein, Comey, and Mueller, are investigating?
Because @GOP agreed these men had impecible records of service & integrity. Then hints investigation might have unexpected result & u smear.
Newt wrote this 1 month ago. Did Bob Mueller's character change? Or did Newt get hint result might be unfavorable?
Robert Mueller is superb choice to be special counsel. His reputation is impeccable for honesty and integrity. Media should now calm down
Prob didn't know he'd hire a bunch of HRC supporters.
Then Newt should question those hires specifically. Instead he & others arguing Mueller's character changed overnight. It's not credible.
Why has he hired people with dem leanings? Why is there a leak already? Why did he interview Comey first? When will our Pres. get fair shake
@realDonaldTrump @MarkWarner Feb 4th Politico article, a former Obama attorney hinted Richard Ledgett was considered NSA resistor to Trump
@realDonaldTrump Be advised; Richard Ledgett asked that US give Snowden immunity; also (as a NSA employee) criticized Pres. in 2 UK papers
Sounds good.  Now, be sure to vote NO on the harmful AHCA!
What about his mentorship + close friendship with Comey?  Can Mueller honestly investigate Trump? Was Collusion investigation leaked to WSJ?
Taxpayers have right 2 know how much #Muellers #Democrat team are being paid! #leaks #transparency #SenateIntelCommittee
Are you investigating #leaks that can only be coming from #Mueller team or your committee members? #transparency
shameful display with Ms Harris -  country is disgusted by your  ineptness -leave the professionals alone
@SenatorBurr How about I send ActBlue $10 EVERY TIME some misogynist  white guy senator interrupts Senator Kamala Harris? i like it  :-)
thank you I am not rep, but I applaud your integrity and fairness
There are so many of us that are looking forward to more meetings between you and the Soecial Counsel too!
A-hole!
Good and it fits in a tweet #theresistance
Until the #SessionsHearing I had high hopes
#SenateIntelHearing would be bi-partisan & probative
Softball questions even from you #Sessions
Sessions is small potatoes in this investigation merely a willing idiot
Robert Mueller has a conflict of interest with James Comey.
According to @seanhannity.
STOP WASTING TAXPAYER MONEY! WHEN WILL CONGRESS START WORKING FOR THEIR WAGE?
Harris, asking questions rapidly, trips up the witness to tell the truth, like she did yesterday. Let her ask, you will learn a lot.
But it looks like a witch hunt ... more leaks today delegitimize you I had hope but that hope is gone! It truly is a fishing expedition
And you think that the inquiry will be independant? @potus #Trump
We demand that Mueller testify in public about meeting with comey before the hearing and his special relationship with comey.
Mulleor is now investigating trump for "obstruction" Do to firing comey his best friend. This is collusion between Mueller and comey
Mueller needs to testify u need to ask him questions about comey relationship. The president isn't getting a fair shot
Frankly Sen Burr, the way you conduct the Senate investigation could propel you to future White House consideration. America wants integrity
Who's running your committee? Why don't we hear from Democrats who met with Kislyak? Where's the Rice subpoena?
God turns YOUR EVIL around for @POTUS good & his glory!
His glory.
Get a backbone - this is truly turning into the witch hunt Trump was concerned about...
That's right. He ignores Lynch. Only goes after the @POTUS he anti-trump. We need to call his office tell what we think (202) 224-3154
Your man is now being investigated for obstruction of justice. Time to jump ship, Richard.
You can't obstruct justice if you are the executive u can fire FBI if  u want for no reason even Comey said that at the hearing
Wow, Mike, you better tell the Special Consul that quick! Can't believe he didn't know that!
You have a leaker in your committee and they need to be removed. You guys met with Mueller, than WaPo story comes out.
Wyd wa

So true
Get rid of Mueller. Continuing the hoax is only going to continue stoke the hate. END THIS injustice. Good people are ANGRY!
@SenHarris still deserves an apology She was interrupted twice trying to get to the truth Sen McCain was visiting Neither of u defended her
If you allow Mueller to go after POTUS, neither my family, friends, colleagues nor I will ever contribute to another GOP candidate again!
That's right. He ignores Lynch. Only goes after the @POTUS he anti-trump. We need to call his office tell what we think (202) 224-3154
Which one of you called Washington post
Exactly what I said. He ignores Lynch. Only goes after the @POTUS anti-trump. We need to call his office tell what we think (202) 224-3154
Thanks for illuminating the meeting with this detailed description. WTF?
THERE SHOULDNT BE A SPECIAL COUNSEL, REPUBLICANS HAVE NO BALLS
Please end the work visa programs that allow companies to employ foreigners instead of U.S. citizens (IT jobs). Hire American! @POTUS
End this whole charade of an investigation
Senator are you going to investigate obstruction & request Loretta Lynch, Bill Clinton, Obama and H Clinton to appear before your committee
