Russia didn't cause Clinton to lose.  Clinton did that with her lies, secrecy, pay to play and elitist attitude.  You picked her.
please do not give Flynn immunity it's just a license to lie and take all the blame Make him plead the 5th no immunity PLEASE
tainted and showed your hand against Trump right off. I live in VA and I'm ashamed to say you represent us! Get a backbone-fair
Good for you, responsible citizen!  Because of folks like you, we're regaining our Republic!  #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
Nunes lied about taking info TO the WH when he got it FROM WH, & he was on transition TEAM! Recuse himself? He must be REMOVED.BIAS & lied!
I still Trust the Russians more than the Liberals
Russia didn't cause dems to lose the presidency, house & senate and 1100 legislative seats. Your piss poor policies did that.
wow ur bias already! Wikileaks who has been never proven wrong to date said Russia didn't leak anything! @SenatorBurr
Where are we with Russian Trump  ties investigation??? Should be top priority @SenatorBurr @CNNPolitics @msnbc @abc @nytimes @CBSNews
It's not just irresponsible for you and your colleagues to act in such a manner, it's utterly sickening!  #MAGA
Wasting time on a trash story, while Appomattox suffers again and again! Get your priorities straight, glory boy get to work here!
This hearing more than served it's fundamental purpose.  Educating the public! Thanks @MarkWarner
Your committee isnt investigating if Russia's attack on the US is still ongoing,then what committee will? The attacks on us will continue!
Good move in brushing off Flynn immunity ask. Now and in public:
Hope you have some marketable skill, 'cause you're going to need a new, real job soon!  #MAGA
What are your marketable skills? Remember, smoking meth and beating women don't count...
thank you for your leadership, Senator.
Thanks for the laugh. Leadership! 
Have fun at Club Fed Senator
info released in hearing on Russia should be part of history lesson in schools, colleges and universities lease we forget.
Your opening remarks were the most clear explanation of events, yet.
The election is over you silly man.
Clinton was up to her neck with the russians
You are a hypocrite.
Go do your research your making yourself a fool,that story is a lie. She never said Obama had Trump surveiled. You watch too much FoxNews.
Thank you and @SenatorBurr for your professionalism and work for USA!
Let's see? Dems lose the congress, senate, and the White House, and you want to blame the Russians? Haha, it is the Libs fault not Russia!
I watched it live! You appeared to be defending Hillary's loss and not a bipartisan contributor to the investigation.
Watched it. With the nation watching you chose this opportunity to criticize POTUS. Stopped listening to you. Won't listen again.
When does the investigation into Hillary Clinton's uranium/Russia connections begin?
Stop wasting time and money! Focus on consent of #Gorsuch to supreme court.  You're an #obstructionist!  @realDonaldTrump

To ensure Americans get the full truth on the Russian interference in the 2016 election, here is what we need:
http://www.commoncause.org/press/press-releases/white-house-orchestrated-leak-trump-russia-election-interference.html … 
Oppose nomination and cloture of Gorsuch please
good work and thank you. Our country has been attacked and remains under attack.

Senators, @TimOBrien suggests that you ask Jared Kushner about 666 Fifth Avenue https://bv.ms/2nAFoBj  via @BV
So let me get this right Russia made me vote for Donald Trump? Do you smoke crack?
no your ignorance did that. Do you want Russia involved in elections ?
DON'T LET FLYNN HAVE IMMUNITY 4 BEING A RUSSIAN SPY, TURKEY SPY, COLLISIONIST, ESPIONAGER. HE MADE HIS CHOICE WHEN HE THREW AWAY HIS COUNTRY
...the place is full of damn liars!
thank you Sir for all the work you're doing. You have your hands full with that swamp at the White House.
Thank you SenWarner. Americans want an honest investigation of Russian interference in US elections. Everyone should want to know the truth.
Fake news
Well done Sen Warner.
Best part of Sen Intel hearing! Listen to Dr. Rid's ans @ 1:38:00  https://youtu.be/Av_IRnDlxKQ  #fakenews

@realDonaldTrump 

@nytimes 
Disappointed w/your presser since you don't seem to be putting potential #TrumpRussia collusion in forefront. Why do you now support Burr?
.@MarkWarner The only contact with Guccifer 2.0 that Roger Stone has "admitted to" is a very public Twitter exchange, Mr Bipartisan.
Fake news and propaganda. Podesta plan being played out. Obama spied and spread info sharing to hurt incoming President. Treason is serious!
their legal protections for pets in abusive households. 2/2
I'm a constituent & I hope you support The PAWS Act S.322, which establishes national policy as well as encourages states to expand 1/2
Thank you!
thankful for your serious and thoughtful comments this morn. Gives me more confidence in process!
Investigate @EvelynNFarkas
You really struck out today, mark
Proud of the job Virginia Senator Mark Warner is doing toady. Thanks for the Rep
Filibuster Gorsuch
good for you to take this over.
We watched and your so called professionals are getting schooled on Twitter...like to answer for your use of bot?...
How did Russia convince Hillary to not show up in the Blue Wall states?
1st major party candidate avoids Wisconsin since '72
ooops
#Russia 
U & your team said NOTHING B4 election  but now you lost so now u see Putin hand. but not b4
U strike me as the sort of senator who uses Snopes and http://fackcheck.org  as resources, LOL    So retarded.
WHOEVER did the DNC hack did the USA  a HUGE  favor, exposing all that criminal corruption...
We can smell a witch hunt. Charges r bogus.
is there a new link for the afternoon?
Don't let the GOP derail the investigation. The public demands to know. Get those tax returns too. This is utter nonsense.
VERY PROUD OF YOU Mr. Warner and thank you for standing up for us americans!
Thank you for open public hearing!  Listening to this hearing makes what Devin Nunes did to sabotage his committee very suspect!
Keep thinking how valuable it'd be to have @Snowden's expertise to help your committee get to the bottom of all this. He shouldn't be exiled
Please pay no attn to TROLLS. America needs answers, help us. Please. We know but help us SAVE our country.#trumprussia
. Thank you Senator Warner.. We the people appreciate you and I am confident you will be vigilant and SAVE OUR COUNTRY. God bless
.@DaveSnedeker @MarkWarner David, how do Putin's balls taste you #traitor?
Proud to have you representing my family and me in the US Senate!
thank you!!!#resist
the Trump ticket did in regards to colluding with Russia and if it's enough to disqualify the ticket.  If the ticket colluded with them I
don't want Pence or Ryan.  This isn't just a foreign power acting or a crime at that point.  Collusion would be election changing and make
them all criminals.
All of you should be covering LIVE @CNN @NBC @ABC @CBS @PBS @C-Span
thank you!
if you guys push hard enough you dont think @wikileaks will release proof? They have yet to be wrong.

@SenateDems look warner hillary did a good job damaging her election with her corruptions and email scandals.  Russian did not
THANK YOU SIR So much for hearings!
No Pressure, Sen @MarkWarner; Just want to stress THE FATE OF AMERICAand THE WORLDis in your hands. Thank you. That is all.
cringe worthy is an understatement of your "speech"  given today on the intelligence comittee
right!!! Not partisan at all. Democratic hack
This investigation MUST include post-election Russain connections--money laundering, #flynn, mob-ties, etc.
#TheResistance
#Russiatrumpcollusion #Russiatrumpcollusion #Russiatrumpcollusion #Russiatrumpcollusion #Russiatrumpcollusion
@SenateDems When will democrats hold hearings on Obama interfering in Israel & UK elections?
All you want to do is bash Trump. Said he needed to release taxes & Obama wiretap comments show ur bias
u say u r going 2 b bipartisan but all ur statements r politically biased towards Dems. Ur a political hack & should be removed!
what a farce...
Thank you Senator Warner!  We're counting on you.
@SenateDems FAKE russian influenced news DID not influenced americans .
thank you for standing up for our country. We need you and other brave people now more than ever.
Mark, if U indeed want to be bi-partisan then U have to investigate the Clintons for donation from Russia over Uranium deal....
until then We the founders   U as a political hack with no deep substance in ur  to get at the truth of corruption#MAGA 
This is over. HRC one of 9 agencies voting to allow  20% of Canadian company to Russia. No uranium leaves US. Rus. wants minerals owned by
Canadian company in Ea.Europe. Not uranium. Surplus of it in old decom. missiles. You know this. Unless you're an idiot. Clintons got 0 $.
Unlike Trumps $100 Million Florida windfall from Putin Pal's laundered cash through Cyprus banker (our new Commerce Sec.) & other $ deals.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DdTGnpHR_sk …
Evelyn Farkas: I helped Obama spy on Trump.
#IMPEACHTRUMP
also on c-span 3
lol ppl really trying to compare hillary and #TrumpRussia lol must be fake Twitter accounts! Block and ignore won't work 
Democrats colluded with Soviets to undermine Reagan. Please cover that history. America deserves the truth #SenateHearing
Perhaps you can create your own hearing - I'm sure it'd be VERY informative 
so all of this damage happening is at Russia's influence- what are you going to do about it!!!
Just hope God is still blessing America. Ur disgraceful partisan & unpatriotic actions are not playing well. #SenateHearing
could u please inquire as to why @DNC refused to turn over servers to @FBI for inspections after allegedly hacked by Russians?
Putin is laughing. Success beyond his dreams.
I'm in awe by ur lack of patriotism. Ur pockmarked face is not masking the manifest unpatriotic coup Democrats are attempting.
and how Repubs are going along with this Russian BS investigation to undermine Trumps presidency.
Let's face it- courage is hard. That's why no whistleblowers during Obama years. They knew they'd walk into the buzzsaw of #dishonestmedia
the swamp is going to get drained Mark. You are part of it
.@MarkWarner = the statesman America needs, now more than ever. Thanks to you & your fellow statesman @SenatorBurr for bipartisan leadership
"IMPARTIAL"..treating ALL rivals equally (Websters Dictionary)  THAT is NOT what you have ANY intention of doing! DEMS NEVER DO!
When are hearings on how US media interfered with election? When do Dem's get prosecuted for illegal and unethical behavior?
Can you say Harry Reid. "hacked" or influenced the 2012 election with his comments about Romney?
you are all corrupt and we the American people know Trump was surveilled at Trump Towers. Stop lying to us. The jig is up.
.@MarkWarner Your fake outrage doesnt hide the fact that #FakeNews #MSM worked with Hillary to undermine 2016 election. Speak truth for once
Russia did not make Hillary lie about a video Benghazi ,did not influence ramming Obamacare through,did not make Hillary corrupt
I don't have that ridiculous app. Do you have a normal site?? This is so frustrating for an expat!!!!
your entire remarks this morning sounded partisan. I doubt you are impartial. Podestas emails just showed how corrupt DNC is.
can't wait to watch the D's fall flat on their faces on this Russian false narrative!
Yawn
obama shouldn't have never interfere in the elections in Israel while sending our tax payers money over you explain that shit
the Russians new that podesta would be given the advice to give them his password. Was Hillarys IT guy on Russian payroll?
why didnt the DNC turn over their server to the FBI? Ask this and you might be looking for the truth
REPORT: FBI DIRECTOR COMEY Blocked By OBAMA Administration Last Summer On Supposed Russian “Influence” In 2016 Election
your report is a fake Russia never interfere in the elections if u wanna talk about interfering in the elections
You are insane, and I'm not a Russian bot. lol WTF
Thank you. You are our hope now that Nunes has deliberately blown up his committee. He thinks we don't see this. Ha!
apparently you are are a liar.
@SenateDems when do congress have time for " we the people" with all the investigations ??
to busy trying to bring down our prez.  Treasonous
Watching now. But admit to already losing confidence re: lack of transparency. Ex Jared Kushner - how does his possible 1/
financial or other ties to RU threaten national security 2 require closed door testimony (under oath obviously or waste of 2/
taxpayer $ or time) ?? Also how can u not look @ circumstances behind change in GOP Ukraine platform wh potentially involves 3/
Manifort, Paige, JR etc? These Qs are not rhetorical- asking??
Well that was quick re GOP platform! But not what Burr said yesterday.
As PolitiFact detailed, some investors making Uranium One deal go through have donated to the Clinton Foundation.
This is FAKE NEWS Russia loves to push out...you need to listen to Mark
Nope  u can see who gave clinton foundation money easily online.
