Comey is really smart. He out maneuvered the conman and his clan as he should. It is disgraceful what & How Trump did to him over Russia.
@saints_53 @RhondaSternows1 @MarkWarner Never wanted Comey fired just didn't care for what he did at time. Comey is very credible, Trump not
That is an awful thing to say when all are created equal!
There will be more killing now that Trump passed his religious ruling for employers to not cover birth control with employee's insurance.
WHY don't you look for the truth as to why CIA didn't search HRC closet server? Or,Lynch/Bubba meeting? Or, YOUR Russia $6MILLON DEAL?
@SenatorBurr @realDonaldTrump THIS IS A LIE SENATOR > Comey hearing had very, very little to do with Russia. Maybe 5 mins; See Transcript.
You're a joke,step off Warner!
So I guess the DNC not letting the FBI inspect their server to find the truth is ok? & subpoenaed evidence 'bleach bit' & smashed w/ hammers
No Russia didn't attack our demoracy, Hillary used an un secure server that a bunch of people hacked & her camp. made up the BS lie.
Where were you when Obama Admin worked to undermine Israeli elections? What about @DNC favoring one candidate over another?
Poor thing 1 small detail you left out. Evidence/proof
This smells like Seditious Conspiracy by the Democrats and Media - nice hype job  @realDonaldTrump @RealAlexJones
Multiple agencies have stated Russia did not affect the outcome of the election not did they change votes. Can the DNC say the same? No!
Thank you Senator Warner. So thankful for your professionalism and determination to find the truth. You have our respect and support.
Stand for something Warner. Quit following Maxine
: Until we the people get rid of GOP members out of both houses this country will not be restored.#2018
HAS nothing to do with Trump!!! check the DNC
You want your truth. Has nothing to do with the truth.
We attack everyone's elections as well, however theirs made no impact. Now get over it .. Hillary sucked !
As one of your constituents, I thank you for staying on top of this!
You don't want the truth your just looking to play politics
Trump needs to testify under oath. Asap.
What's the "Matter"?  What difference does it make?  
only obstruction of justice was with Lynch
Your leader Maxine Waters already told you. Russia 
Came up with the name "Crooked Hillary".
I vote Comey POTUS  2020! Can you back?
Keep your eye on House Republicans counting on public distraction with the Investigation. We WILL vote them out but their agenda is deadly.
#Resist. Healthcare, Education, Criminal Justice Reform, Climate Change & a leader that puts country first above corp. interests. #45 C-ya.
Tax returns..............We must get them. The answers are there. #45 claims this week that he got an extension. On or before 4/18?
Ok, truth is simple.  Russia attacked our democracy and trump didn't have anything to do with it.  What else u need to know?
#WitchHunt
You used to be a nice middlish politician - now you are filled with hate like all the people on your side of the aisle
You Boomers are just trying to cover up the fact that you're being outplayed by kid hackers in hoodies. Do us a favor: RETIRE.
.@MarkWarner Anyone who refers to them self as "His Excellency" in his Twitter bio is, by definition, not worth listening to. #ComeyHearing
@SenateDems And the people shouldn't have to fight their own Representatives to get it Senator or any other member of Govt.
You mean....obama and the democrats...
Wonderful job today @MarkWarner  we appreciate you!!
Your Party is about smearing and lying andvis not telling the truth. Your opening statement filled with political BS
Just don't take years pls if u do we might not have an America
#ComeyHearing how did that work out? Dems lied, Hillary, lynch corrupt. Comey leaked. Waste of TAXPAYER MONEY.
You know Comey has a personal agenda.
The only obstruction we heard about today was @HillaryClinton and Bill Clinton's obstruction.  The rest was a nuanced nothing burger.
you want the the truth Mark Warner, you can't handle the truth if it doesn't fit your prejudiced narrative
I'm so glad I'm not a constituent in Virginia. They're screwed.
Sadly, the truth won't ever come from you. Nor will the full story.
The swayed voters by COMEY had ZERO clue WTF SVR/GRU/FSB or MERCERCAMBRIDGEDATAMINING even is!-#Comey90%TRASHEDUSELECTION not RUSSIA--10%
Great job today, but seriously when are we going to get to part where we kick Putin's ass?!?!
Thank you
Hey hypocrite! #comeyhearing is about one thing. If Comey is corrupt and bought out by Hillary!
Yes I'm angry. We are under attack & the attackers are rewarded with an Oval Office visit where US reporters are removed.Explain that?
Make sure don't allow 45 to lift sanctions on Russia nor allow anymore Russians in the WH,nor do any bussinesses after Comey's testimony.
Didn't we already know that? Now we also know @POTUS isn't under investigation for being a part of it.
The GOP and Trump voters CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH! ;)
We don't have any proof of anything.  Oh wow, Russia might have hacked the dnc to make them look bad.Who cares?!It ended up shedding light
We know Russia and the US have done this for decades. We know democrats are complete frauds
This senator is a nut job
Your right we need the truth! Let the FBI investigate the dnc computers NOT a 3rd party company!
But your opening statement was filled with nothing proven. Several heads of agencies and democrats have said there was no sign of collusion
Thank you for your hard work and class in these matters. Proud to be a fellow Virginian.
Don't we have like 17 intelligence agencies to stop that kind of stuff?  If they aren't doing their jobs, why are they there?
Can you please ask Senator McCain to listen more carefully to Former Director Comey before alleging a double standard.
Please tell McCain to take a nap or spike his coffee. He made zero sense. Zip. Zilch.
Who is "we"?  
The American public has been given ZERO evidence.
We DEMAND the truth.  We DEMAND the evidence.

"The Truth " will be the last thing that will come out of these hearing! Just another dog and pony show
thank U for your questions and your integrity Mr. future president
Dude, FBI was never allowed to examine DNC computers....wake up and smell the deserved retirement,...
Appreciate the general tone of hearings & questions so far.  Gives me hope Senate can work nonpartisan - people first.  Tnx
that right there was the biggest lie you have told. THIS Is nothing BUT a witch hunt YOU KNOW the truth and you won't accept it.
Hopefully this is the start of getting to that truth.
Please tell your colleagues @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC who seem to think #treason is #theatre #Saveourdemocracy from #trumptraitors
You wouldn't know truth if it walked up and kicked you in the shin.
Why dont you ever talk about FACTS how Russia hacked the election! Just accusations #draintheswamp
Yaaaaawn
comey story is about bureaucratic infighting..intel chiefs(and comey) threatened trump with dossier..he refused to cower..they leak dossier
trump refuses to go along with hysterical anti-russian campaign..comey holds 'investigation' over his head like a guillotine
However, we have a POTUS who denies that Russia even attempted to interfere in election or our democracy. That's the truth.
Considering the USA has tried to influence the outcome of election in, oh, every country in the world, it's hypocritical to castigate Russia
I am ashamed that you are my senator. I wish that you spent this much time trying to balance the budget.
Keep up the good fight for truth! This should not be a bipartisan effort, our Democracy is at stake
Please.
Keep pushing back in those wanting to normalize this insane behavior/policy
Now that is a real Bullsh.t line. You fake politicians wanting to line pocket with money. Very corrupt people in Dems party
Who is this "WE" you are referring, to??? #WeThePeople know there IS #NoRussianCollusion none, no, zip! Stop twisting facts! #DemCollusion
THEN WE ALSO NEED THE TRUTH AS TO WHY YOU ALLOWED OBAMA to interfere DEEPLY in the Israeli elections~! hypocrite
If there is evidence that "you know Russia attacked our democracy" why r u withholding it from us?
Oh you did an investigation and found proof o that? .  Jesus Christ you're such a hack.
Well said Mark
Oh mark..... you sad little man.
#grandstandmuchwarner
@realDonaldTrump NEVER under investigation & no obstruction of justice.
Great work Senator! Proud to have you represent my commonwealth!
You don't KNOW anything.
Witch hunt
Here's a question for you, when #Russia phished @DNC why didn't they let @FBI #investigate You don't want truth, you want power back.
Truth is Trump and his administration are compromised. Patriots on both sides of the isle should seek to clean this up.
Senator Warner, thanks for your LEADERSHIP on this Committee.   Your Q's are specific, well-thought out, and ON TARGET.
It is about you democrats trying to undo an election, you are the Deplorables!
If it were about the truth, you would actually want find out why Comey lied and leaked info to the press. You are party only not USA first!
Truth? According to what you say is truth?
Hillary attacked democracy by avoiding the FOIA, selling her influence as SOS, deleting emails and lying to Congress
Have you no sense of decency sir, at long last no sense of decency. There's no Russian collusion. You're a joke. An embarrassment to senate
Being a Dumocrat Warner is absolutely NOT concerned with the truth - all they want is to embarrass ands harass Trump. They LOST!
You are blinded. Praise God not hate. Hate = Satan. You, are PURE evil. You do NOT know what you are talking about. Go away Satan, go away.
..we can't handle the truth lol
That's all we're asking for that and to do something with the truth
Fake news Warner.
COMEY: NOBODY ASKED ME TO STOP RUSSIA PROBE
Russia didn't collude with me or the millions upon million of Americans that voted Trump over that career criminal Hillary Clinton.
Yet, you still haven't proven that the Russians hacked anything.
http://www.snopes.com/comey-clinton-foundation/ …

You don't give a hoot about truth. You lie & are on a witch hunt. You are an embarrassment to your state & country.
Bravo. Well done. Thank you. #SaveOurDemocracy
You know that even without proof??
They got the truth alright! #ArrestLorrettaLynch
You have it based off of Crowdstrike, who refused to hand over the servers.
Who's your boss?...we are with President Trump...#DrainTheSwamp including you.
It sounds like to me you have already made your mind you Sir
Warner, you wouldn't know the truth if it bit you on your ass. Your intro was nothing but lies, vitriol and nauseous partisan fake news!
Please remember "Trump being Trump" is not an acceptable reason for the behavior of this man as POTUS.
BAM!!! PRESIDENT DOS NOT ASK HIM TO STOP ANY INVESTIGATION!!!! Comes own words! Dems loose again!
Your obsession with Russia is puzzling.  What is the ax you are grinding?
This IS a witch hunt and there IS no continuing threat! Give me a break! #democratsarepathetic
So, when foreign governments pay $ to HRC, while Secretary of @StateDept, then foreign influence is OK? Where was your committee then?
excellent introductory statement
Russia Russia Russia! Give me a break!
we also need the slanted truth as per your opening statement.....
No...it's about you wasting taxpayer money to blabber on and on and on and on to get publicity.  You really need to go.
How about pull in Hillary Clinton and investigate her sign-off of sale of Uranium to Russia?
Thank you @MarkWarner, for your leadership on the Senate Intel Cmte, to discover the truth #ComeyTestimony
You wouldn't know the truth if it introduced itself to you.The most misleading & lie-packed opening statement.The truth is a stranger to you
Amen!!
Hopefully your @SenateGOP colleagues will focus on #Loyalty #ComeyFiring #RussianBlackmail as well as #Emoluments #Dossier WHAT DID PRES ASK
The truth according to the democrats. You are on a witch hunt.
Nail 'em, Senator Warner!
You're a clown. Watching you acting like a defense lawyer is pricelessremember when #Democrats hated #Comey a minute ago? #NoCred
So I take that you can say without a doubt you never have talked to a Russian official?
obviously you feel yourself getting drained with the rest of the swamp
Russia Russia Russia dems are the worst non Americans. Hope you have nightmares of Russia Russia Russia
We need to know why a majority of #democrats believe "The Russians" changed vote totals.
Didn't you want Comey fired on October 28?
@MarkWarner why are you stating as a fact that Russia interfered with our elections, there's no proof just Dem fantasy myths! #liar #Comey
Stone cold liar!
Drain the SWAMP of all DemonRats !!!
Thank you, Senator Warner.
Yeah, right.
Try not to soil your pants when you don't get the answers you want
The country will when Republican obstructionism & cover of his gangster occupying 1600 Penn Ave. Repeal Dodd/Frank today? Depression #2.
I expect you to step in and back any & all female committee members that are harassed for being to tough !!
Definitely !
Hope Rubio & the GOP members don't undermine the Hearing. Justice & Democracy is What America is About. Oath to Our Nation must be honored
And I have no doubt Senator @MarkWarner will get the truth, even if he has to make it up!!!
When will we see the DNC hearing??
Let the @SenateGOP  on the Intel committee know that the American voters are watching this hearing. We want the truth, not Trump's bidding.
If this were Hillary. She would have had articles of impeachment drawn up by now & GOP defends Trumps behaviors?! They are FIRED IN 18!
So it's ok with you that Trump lies to you daily, hired all Goldman Sachs (people he promised to ruin) & is under criminal/counter Intel 1/2
Investigations by a special council along w/ FBI, CIA, NSA & House & Senate? You still Hillary to be the dirt bag in this story? 1/3
Let's us not forget he promised not 1 person would lose insurance & 23 million will lose HC or promised no touching Medicaid/SS/disability
And truth is he is slashing Medicaid by Trillions of dollars, yes that a capital T and SS by 72 billion dollars the new rule is the older u
Are the more you pay! If your under 55 & receive disability benefits you will now be required to work or you will lose benefits but yeah..
Hillary..we wouldn't be in this shit show had she won, kids would be getting college ed.  & universal health care..Ya, HC, real dirt bag 
The truth will set us free.
You can't handle the truth. (Shouted; Jack Nicholson style)
Yes we do. Thank you for our work on behalf of all Americans.
Disappointed look on face proved no search for truth You're as bad as Waters saying we will impeach Just need evidence Dems looking pathetic
its clear that trump is illegitimate he and pence must be removed now and continue the investigation  with great earnest
We need the truth but Trump is scaring every one. What can we do about it? He is the President, I never thought that he can do everything
UNREAL. EVEN AFTER CIA, FBI, NSA, WATERS, ASSANGE, AND SENATOR WARREN say NO EVIDENCE AT ALL. This senator still pushes.
Whats he paid for?
The country is depending on you Senator; hopeful that your colleagues share the high moral/ethical standards that you uphold.
Asking him to let go of Flynn investigation and then firing him when he doesn't is obstructing justice.  Flynn leads back to Kushner & him!
Get the Truth, then get Justice, that's our Way!
You weren't worried about the truth during HRC EMAIL INVESTIGATION! Double standard + politics
Let's see if your republican colleagues agree or bring up Hillary to divert from our present lying, conman incompetent cheater of a potus..
You have heard the truth but weren't listening. The voters chose Trump. You lost. Deal with it.
Three million votes. That's how many more Hillary Clinton got. It's verified, it's true, so stop spreading lies. Voters chose HER.
How's she doing in office right now? Is she doing a good job?
