The Paris agreement is a bad deal for the US & Trump is right to want to negotiate & put US first. Obama didn't do that!
It's  the way the person handles the DNC is most important than a person race, or sex .
Because the DNC are hypocrites ,  say one thing do another. Never listen to any other opinions .
So many people calling climate change a hoax without science degree and most likely can't read scientific proof.
Hmmm cann you?
Biased as hell as usual! TRY WORKING TOGETHER
Everything this numbskull dolt has done since Jan 20 has been a huge step back for all Americans #TrumpImpeachmentParty #notmypresident
We are no longer the leaders of the world! Trump is the worst of his kind. He is nothing but a president for covfefe! #impeach45 #covfefe
When are Dems going to stop letting the internet walk all over them?
Assemble a team a plan a movement! Its easy to expose right fakeNews!
#make our planet great again
Explain why our policies for America are better and is what the majority of Americans demand! "When they go low, we kick them in the balls!
No a huge step forward for the American Taxpayer.
Most certainly it is. Whatever party affiliations you have, clean energy is the future. Even the Saudis and Kim Jung Un are on board it
GOOD FOR HIM! FINALLY someone put a STOP to Obama's destruction of our economy and JOBS! AND giving away OUR TAX DOLLARS!
ATTN: Steve Mnuchin is Exec Producer of Dune Entertainment, produced 38 films since 2015 most recent "King Arthur" many more slated for 2017
#ParisAgreement Steve Summer s and I agree @ACLU Lawfirm
My fellow Dems..... you need to get down, dirty and gritty when it comes to winning elections! Tell it the way it is, call them out!
its a step backwards for the rich not the poor
Then start impeachment. Grow some balls! What does he have to do, literally shit on the constitution?
#IMPEACHTRUMP
It time to get tough with these thieving right wingers. We got enough evidence to impeach Trump. Get loud and tough.
Why are reports showing that almost the entire bill for the Paris agreement was to be paid by the US and it's tax payers?#Warnerpoorleader.
since youve obviously forgotten...we fought for America to not live under European rule..signing the accord would be a step back
The @GOP making 1890 great again
you have to get him and Russians out of Whitehouse!!!
So do something about it. I've been a lifelong Democrat and you people have no MOXIE! FIGHT DIRTY, They do, and they win. We are in Crisis!
American Leadership starts at home, and your 1st obligation is to US citizens. Leadership entered that accord without asking the citizens.
Its time. AMERICA IS RIPE. IF WE CONE WITH THE RIGHT MESSAGE TO ALL AMERICANS. BLACK, WHITE, HISPANIC, MUSLIM AND EVEN THOSE RUST BELT FOLK
Take the PARIS ACCORD and get it ratified by the Senate. If not, submit your plan for Healthcare Reform. TAXPAYERS ARE PAYING YOUR SALARIES!
Liars
With Delusional Don as POTUS, there's no rational American leadership- only the lunacy of mindless fool pretending 2 understand.
Or a big step forward to keep America from redistributing our wealth to the world.
Where is the DNC in the fight? Get you A off the couch and fight for our country!
Is Paris Burning?  It's okay with Trump! #ParisAgreement
Bahahaha liberals! Read a book!
If it had gone to the senate as it should have, would all Dems have voted for it?? Inquiring minds want to know...
Senators, PLEASE ASK Jared Kushner About 666 Fifth Avenue  #TrumpKushnerCrimeFamily @jaredkushner @JoshuaKushner
Well if you Democrats wouldve fought harder for the House, Senate, and Presidency we wouldnt be in this mess right now. ITS YOUR FAULT DEMS!
You have to go, big swamp person ha #
U wouldn't recognise leadership if it ran u over like a Mack truck. Schumer, Reid, Pelosi & Obama ran u folks off the tracks. PCA included.
The fall of America he's not with us China & Russia and his ego @SenateDems  @SenWarren  @SenSanders  @NancyPelosi  @POTUS44 .
President Bannon's isiolstionist tactics at work! Bannon needs to go into an isolation cell at the "big house"!
HE IS A IGNORANT LITTLE MAN!  BUT IF YOUR WATCHING FOX, THE REPUBLICAN PROPAGANDA NETWORK, YOU'D THINK HE'S A GIANT WITH NO EQUAL!
What leadership?  Under Obama, we were not leading at all.  Name one thing that we were leading...
Not just leadership - worse credibility!

That's Hillary hanging out if his ass
Trump doing his job, mabey you should start doing yours & protect American citizens first...
(D) Using Debt Ceiling Debate to Thwart GOP Tax Cuts YOU USELESS SOCIALIST BASTARDS REALLY WANT TO LOSE YUGE 2018!
Says the group that sells American out every chance it gets!!
It takes more leadership to walk away from a bad deal then to blindly follow the sheep.
Trump is something we'll have to work hard to come back from. But I am wondering about his new wording in the birth control rule.
No it isn't. You don't even know what's in it.
No it isn't. It's a horrible deal. None of the detractors even know what's in it.
And a giant step up for the American people.
"Elections have Consequences" best qoute of a life time! France is welcoming Liberals to relocate Bon Voyage. 1,000 seats lost losers
One small step for man, one giant leap for mankind. #AmericaFirst
Best step back POTUS made for the American people. Dems want us to become 3rd world nation.
What leadership? The ones who want a one world government? It's stupid & u know it.we are awake &see what you do
You mean a step forward for the American People.
Makes us the 'laughing stock of the world' Trump ensures that the world knows that the US education system is really bad.
BS
No is not, for you's Puckett's no more bull  America first 
Just proves small penis syndrome
#MAGA
actually it's a huge step forward.  Because he actually has our best interests in mind.  Unlike you liars
To exit the Paris Climate agreement is a huge step forward for America. We are the leader in innovations combating pollution. China is not!
Bonner is running the show he and Kelly Ann Conway. Get rid of them and the walls of Jericho will come tumbling down.
Trump is trying to stop the Dems from breaking the bank. Countries eventually fail when gov. relies on deficit spending.
This  idiot, only cares about creating a new isolationist government,  a very alt right junk fact base that will follow him anywhere,
and Youre the idiot that believes this deal is about saving the earth.
Donald Trump is a Huge Step Back in American Leadership!

Congress should create legislation that requires us to follow the Paris Accord
Don't let Trump leave Paris Accord. Impeach for collusion/treason. What is taking so long, tons of info to impeach this travesty.
Of course the Fly (Sen.Schumer) is deeply involved again. He preaches but never proves anything he says. Term limits are in our future.
It's a great thing!
no we have NO leadership. @realDonaldTrump  is an imbecile get rid of him & #makeourplanetgreatagain
Correction. Back TO American leadership.
Started impeach process already! Take fxxking action instead of tweet!
Read the terms of the agreement. The left was against it before they were for it. Can't have it both ways.
He is not a leader. He is a tantruming narcissistic child.  Find a way to neutralize him.
He's a Neanderthal It will take a decade to undo the harm Trump will do the next 3+ yrs, can't believe we have to endure this clown till '20
We HAVE no leadership with Trump. He's an idiot.
Why because I am not giving my money away
you're traitors to our Country as evidenced by your willingness to place your Party ahead of the People. Your lies are obvious.
He has no intention of leading only taking and destroying
I know off none who thinks its a step in the wrong way,you people need to wake up
You guys could take a lesson on leadership!
you're a bunch of tin foil hat demagogues with ZERO evidence. What else is new? Let me guess, "collusion". LOL.
Do these imbeciles even understand the truth behind climate change and the cost to America to FUND this lie?
This is a HUGE win for ordinary folk. If the Democrats ever gain power again it will be too soon.
Thanks! Democrats need to have a strong message of their own.
Running Hillary as Dem Candidate for President then Pushing Fake Russian Collusion story to cover-up Embarrassing Loss huge step back!
love this! So true!
Huge step forward by a courageous leader
No kidding!! Too bad Dems, DNC let this idiot become Potus!!! Fix this by 2018! Make #sustainability a party plank
The best step ever
#ClimateAction
I looked at your page...As a person with a PHD in Sexual Disorders, I can tell that you have a very small penis. There is help though...
@POTUS shows no conscience globally or domestically.He's alienating us from rest of Surely something can be done! Impeach, arrest, jail?
Agree, simply put- decision based on Arrogance and Ignorance not Leadership and Governance. Nationalist BS needs to stop.#ParisAgreement
Seems like the Senate snowflakes have sand in their viginas
Senate Dems -We are the world leader in Reducing carbon emissions!Why would you want China,India,2,3rd world to over pollute our air to 2030
11 years ago, #AlGore movie proclaimed both American coasts would B underwater in 10 years. NYC & Malibu R hottest Real Estate markets 2day.
inb4 angsty republicans who simply live to cuss out dems for existing
It's time the resign Mr. President!
then you guys are experts at taking the rest of the world backward.
We're just going to have to move forward without him and his idiotic ideas.
And the left antics are goin forward on"leadership"pleeeez!
The leader of the free world is not American, The leader in Climate change is not America & the leading health care for all is not America!
Great leaders often have to make unpopular decisions. That's what leadership is. Not surprising @TheDemocrats don't get it
no it is not!
Not as much as your agreement to pay $1.7B for hostages and to give nuclear authorization to North Korea.
and job creation, economic growth,etc.. with bailing on TPP and Paris Agreement American leadership in the world is gone
Everything @realDonaldTrump does is a huge step back for American leadership
I was born & raised a Democratic but I will never vote or support a Dem!  Just listen to the corruption spewing from every one of them!
I'm in the boat with you.
American leadership? That ended (never to return) when BHO (aka @POTUS44) walked out of the Oval Office on January 20, 2017.
Please Senate Democrats, do something...45 is destroying America!
Is this the same agreement that couldn't get ratified by Congress during the last administration?
Tell china to clean up their air. Besides that Trump said he would propose a deal that was fair for US.Go Trump
President Macron made Trump angry w/the handshake seen around the world. And yes, Trump IS THAT REVENGEfUL! jobs didn't enter Trumps Head!
So this means in the 2018 midterms the @HouseDemocrats  will be talking about #MedicareForAll #Climatechange and #tuitionfree college right?
when ppl say things like "tuition free" it's hysterical.  NOTHINGS FREE.
Step forward for American peo
People
Your party is a joke and everyone can see through your obstructionism. You'll lose in 2018 because your not winners.Your corrupt. #MAGA
Do you agree that it is not up to the US to finance most of the world to meet their commitment in this agreement?
no it isn't it is a huge push forward toward fearless leadership. But since the DEMs have been leaderless for the past 8 yrs, U NO GET IT!
a step forward. #AmericaFirst  $3 trillion saved. funds that can be used on US soil. we are far better off out of it
Obama started a BYOB party and nobody brought beer. Now everyone wanting us to fund it. Maybe now others will "pony up" instead of US.
President Trump is a Huge Step Back for American Leadership. There, fixed it for ya.
His election was a huge step back.
If Trump managed to fix inner cities, got world peace, everyone had a job, he still would be bashed by the Dems. They r so evil, child like!
Like HRC. Couldn't accept rejection
We're proud of our president for making the hard choices in the best interest of our country.
You arses never ratified it. Actually, its a step forward for #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Like the party he represents. Advance to the rear!
No it isnt!
There is no American leadership. GOP Congress has abdicated authority. Trump is a compromised authoritarian who is consolidating power.
If the Paris Agreement was such a wonderful thing, why did it not get put through the Senate? US already leads the way in clean air, energy.
Like Democrats know ANYTHING about leading......
Reminding d British @PaulTArkwright Nigeria fraudulent amalgamation has expired #freeBiafra from Nigeria https://twitter.com/radiobiafralive/status/850829891800932352 … @UKIP @UN
You have no Right to continue forcing One Nigeria on us, Femi Kayode warns Britain http://dlvr.it/NrCPNl  
Not Really.
Ya know why Señor Don de la Deplorable is so thin skinned? He's an over inflated plastic man. Can't suffer pin pricks without exploding
Margaret Thatcher: "Global Warming provides a marvelous excuse for Global Socialism."
Not to mention the gutting of EPA with the impending employee buyouts followed by RIFs. You Sen's better be doing something to stop this
And yet, after everything - obstructing justice, lying about wiretaps, etc - you guys are STILL saying it's "too early" to talk impeachment.
If I'm U people, I'm worrying about 2018! U will have no tangible evidence to support your theory in the next 16 months or so. Think optics.
It's not a step anywhere, it's throwing a temper tantrum in the corner.
We lost America's Leadership in the world when Trump took office
Trump is a nut case
Leaders do not follow the pack.
And we call     "BS"
Dems are 100% to blame.  Agreement needed to be ratified, not done during Obama supermajority.
"Global warming" is and was a buzz word for the liberal to get rich and have more control over the people
As I have said over and over now, from 1st to worse in 120 days.
