Hypocrite - you can provide because of the Obamacare waiver you passed for yourselves.
We're the only  who are going to suffer with this Skinny Repeal.  My premium will go up by over $1200. I can't afford that kind of insurance
Another reason not to vote Democrat
Thank you Sen. Warner. Once again I feel blessed you are my Senator
Thank you for speaking for  working poor. O'care allowed me to retire early from a job in which I endangered thousands due to failing health
Turn that around, Senator-  Congress should be given the same healthcare that they are crafting for the rest of America.  Insta-fix!
As a Virginian with 3 daughters--one with severe allergies, another with genetic disorder, 3rd with asthma/tachycardia--Thank you, Senator.
Um your not on Obamacare
Please get Trump Russia out of W H,he is now weaken our military ,that's what Punit wants.He is bullying Congress like he did in beginning.
Thank you, you're a good and decent man Mark Warner!
Thank you so much Senator! Keep up the good fight!
So...why not extend Senate & House healthcare plans to everyone? - after all, they ARE government / tax payer supported healthcare plans
No. You have congress med ins. while the normal Americans struggle. If you think Obamacare is so great sign up and use it!
Your just lucky taxpayers provide for your daughters medical needs from the public  trough
Wow. Thank you. Powerful.
You can provide for them because all you Dem senators exempted yourselves from Abominal-Care
Then you should either have the same as the the people or people should have the same as you. 75% subsidy for Congressional healthcare.
Oh my gosh!  Stop! The ACA is about the insurance companies not our health!
Because you don't have Obummercare.  Exempted yourselves from it because itsucks
If your crap Obama care is so dam good why is   Congress not on it? Democrats and Republicans are nothing but fools in a race for and power
You should have to use the same health care services that military personnel have to use, the VA. You are a government employee just like us
I'm sorry about your daughters. I'm lucky too because of Tricare prime for the military.
Why don't you in Congress take the same Healthcare plan u force on us??
Yeah, youre so lucky that we the people pay for your healthcare....You have some GOD Damn nerve.....
You're Lucky Mark Because You Voted to Exempt You, Your Family & Staff from OBAMACARE!  WHAT A PHONY! Its Why Your Credability is Zero!
Excellent comments!! xoxo
so u use ACA coverage, right

I think all you dems need to be on Obamacare. Then you would do something to make it right.
if you are going to fight for this, introduce more than 100 amendments like Senator Merkley will/is. #filibusterbyamendment
We are ready for draft Warner for president when you are. You did an amazing job as governor and chief exec of Virginia.
Yes you are much better that this! Sadly not with Trump!
I hope that your children are well, Senator. Thank you for standing up for mine.
Yes, I agree & suggest the congressional health care syst which works, be open to all #Americans -Why set up a whole new HC system?
I can't provide healthcare for my kids they haven't had any in 5 years cause I couldn't afford the premiums in the market. Not ACA fault
It's the fault of kickbacks and jerrymandering of ins companies. Universal healthcare!

Very powerful, Senator. Thank you.
Is their so-called right to "healthcare" mentioned in the Constitution anywhere? Like my right to own a gun? If so, please show me where.
And do people who have a right to medical care have a right to my money to pay for it? If so what happens to MY right? /2
What do you mean "healthcare?" Do you mean health insurance? Or do you mean "medical treatment?" "Healthcare" is not a word. /1
We should all have the same healthcare!!  USA!!
My daughter can't afford care for hers, despite working a full & part-time jobs
"... Or a health care plan that you like." @MarkWarner Aug 10, 2009.
"Let me make clear, I'm not going to support a health care reform plan that's going to take away health care that you've got right now..."
You should be forced to use Obamacare.  Then we would see how you like it..
Then why didn't you get us the same Federal insurance that you have
If ACA is good enough for my daughter, it should be good enough for yours @MarkWarner
Are your kids on the ACA @MarkWarner ?
I never got obama care. Pay for my own ins with a savings acct. Save money til premiums due pay them and start saving again. Better ins
Now you are going to use children. Shame on you
Good healthcare is a right for every American not a privilege for a few. @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @CNN
You have right and priv backwards
Absolutely! Keep up the fight!
Let Congress go on Medicaid and see how you do.
So why are all of you democrats not using Obamacare
In this country people have the ability to improve their lot in life & plan for their own health insurance. Not up to rest of us to provide.
Unless some epidemic or pandemic disease occurs...right? You know something that affects you otherwise...
You have gold coverage that is subsidized yet you want to take away from everyday citizens
The country may be better than that, but sadly, @potus and the @GOP are not!
Each member of Congress swore to uphold the Constitution, including "promote (ing) the general welfare" of this nation.
@SenateDems why not give ALL Americans the same health care as the senators have. Now wouldn't that be fair? ?
U were born with silver spoon in ur mouth!Then sucked $$$ from the taxpayers! Now u r wasting more on Russian investigation! Same plan as us
You people need to address costs of everything healthcare.
the @GOP @SenateMajLdr All of them make me sick! They will be voted out because now they are messing w/ ppls lives watch gone
Thank you, Senator for fighting for us and knowing who you are there representing.
Vote your #criminal party home or prison or institution they are all nut cases and we need ppl to work 4america not complain 4america
John - That image is the biggest list of excuses from a Conservative Wingnut Group
How do u answer the "youre on your own; work harder; dont take my $" crowd (aka GOP)? As if healthcare is just another discretionary expense
Thanks
Correction, American tax payer provide for your kids
Before ACA, I knew someone w/ 2 sick kids. Took one to doc for diagnosis. Got Rx. Split one Rx for 5 days each. That's what GOP wants.
Well said. The pride of Virginia. You are my hero.
ALL THE BILLS ARE THE EQUIVALENT OF REPEAL ONLY. Why won't anyone say it? ALL BILLS = Collapse of healthcare Industry & crash of economy.
I feel for the congressmen who care about the people because it is blatantly clear that GOP do not want the gov to help insure people.
That would be either party special interest involved in that
You're "lucky" because you and the rest of the elites vote yourselves Cadillac coverage. Let's put you under #Obamacare and see what's what.
Tell them to pay their own insurance on half the money you get.  You can try the new insurance for 10 years then we will see if you like it
Totally agree! How many @GOP members have kids/friends w/kids/grandkids? @SenJohnMcCain @jeffflake @senrobportman Do right! #voteNO
GOO don't like kids. Lol
They don't like or care 4 anyone.
#keephealthcareinthenewscycle
You work for it and so should they.  Those that can't you are almost correct. I did however notice the last bill passed none of you utilized
yes & gov't officials should HAVE to be on the same plans as the rest of us "ordinary" citizens, no special plans for you!
Congress should have to use the same health coverage they are trying to foist on the American public.
Yes, indeed.
thank you, Sen Mark Warner for being one of us normal people. Thank you for all the work you are doing. We will prevail!
Why can't we have your insurance I mean we pay y'all find bills to take care of us the gop Rgone we're voting them out Ryan to
Thank you for making sense and representing me.  Could you please knock some sense into your peers over there?
Sad you believe this
Thanks you senator. Our country is indeed better than that.
We have to have our insurance.We need to have it affordable. and accessible.Thank you for your words and you care.Your the best.STAND FIRM
Yes.. Especially since ACA covers you.
to be kept comfortable,she has bone death. My other sister is ver ill and my grandson has Crones. When he has a bowel movement he BLEEDS.
Then give us the Congressional plan.
The congressional insurance plan is Obamacare. Members of Congress were required to participate in it under the ACA.
@GOP efforts to steal our hc is especially unforgivable given their cadillac benefits package. Appreciate you acknowledging your privilege.
single payer now plz

Thank you for all you do!  Bless you.
Senator, how many blank stares and soulless eyes on the other side of the aisle even had the guts to look at you when you made this speech?
Same ones who know this pos voted this crap in. He can stand there with straight face and lie thru his teeth to you while he does nothing
my husband survived stage 4 cancer, if 4 some reason it comes back he's screwed this is murder!
Because Republicans made sure they did.
Meet with @RandPaul and listen to his proposal,  opening up the free market across state lines. High deductibles do not equal healthcare.
how long will that last once this starts affecting r insurance market,my job stated this will affect the cost & quality of my healthcare
they do. You said it in a nut shell.There are 14 and a half million children in America living in poverty along with their parents that need
Why can't we have the same insurance Senators enjoy? @SenateMajLdr @senorrinhatch @SenJohnMcCain
Thank you so very much Sen. Warner. I have been calling our great Rep. Sen and pleading with their staff to give them my messages. I hope
But then why do you and your kids have better cheaper care?
