In a move likely to threaten ACA marketplaces, Trump to end cost-sharing payments http://wapo.st/2wQsJwC 
Mark your a liar.
Can you get #impeached for being stupid? #askingforafriend

Former Wharton Professor: "Donald Trump Was the Dumbest Goddam Student I Ever Had." https://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/10/12/1705902/-Former-Wharton-Professor-Donald-Trump-Is-the-Dumbest-Goddam-Student-I-Ever-Had …
Caller: "The government has randomly selected you to receive a $5000 grant!" (You know, unless you need health care or live in Puerto Rico.)
This administration, including @GOP leadership, don't give a damn about the poor. @realDonaldTrump @SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
Trump is just moving up the timeline on the implosion.  There was a planned implosion, all along.  Gruber made that pretty clear, early on!
Proud you are my Senator. Keep up the work behind the scenes. As you have said, this chapter is the most important of your career.

No more insurance bailouts
Why is the government in charge of providing healthcare?  $20T debt and we now want to make that more?  #Healthcare
You’re a fraud liar & total nasty person. Instead of scaring these people to death how about telling the truth! Educate yourself people!!
Thank you for your work for the Commonwealth!
It will crash the entire industry, pushing ERs/Hospitals into insolvency, and take the economy with it. I'm a licensed agent. STOP THIS.
Always attacking the poor. But Republicans never mention the insurance companies payola  Medicare Advantage plans costing taxpayers billions
why should govt be involved in our healthcare to begin with? oh thats right so you can buy votes
Sen warner tweeting about this is all well and good but what exactly are you and your fellow senators actually doing about it?We need action
Mark has been dumb down by CNN.
What can we as the people do? I am so frustrated. I feel like everything is off kilter and our hands are tied.
It’s TrumpCare now.
It is, and I hope the Trumpians about to be priced out of coverage can comprehend that.
Doubtful.
Some likely will catch on.
They’ll be forced to.
That pen and phone have a new custodian now.
And what are you determined to do? Besides comment on Trump. Leadership is solving the problem not just complaining.
Why is it legal for him to move on his ulterior motives when they clearly aren't in the interest of anyone anywhere, except his spite.
@MarkWarner -Here is what you did to my Healthcare under ACA.  What middle class working couple can pay almost $30k a year with deductibles?
You've been put in a position to do the correct thing. Please do it very soon, don't until it's too late. ;)
Sen. Warner, it's past time to step up and get this country under control. Trump is destroying the USA. Grow a set!!

You & congress need to support the 25th amendment and rid the USA of the incompetent child before he kills us all, he is an embarrassment
Let the free market work
2 words for ya and I'm sure many agree with me to!!! #25thAmendment
Enact Medicare for All. Have I mentioned that, yet
Why did you stand in the way when he wanted Democrats help with this issue
We're heading back to a time when people spend $$ for sham/scam policies.
Please do all you can to keep this from happening, Senator @MarkWarner
If you had passed good legislation to begin with, this wouldn’t happen. #doyourjob
Will you and Congress sponsor a bill to fix this? Trump is ruining this country. Our biggest threats & terrorists comes from within.
Senator Warner, people such as myself rely on protections for people with mental illnesses and chronic conditions. Please fight this!
It’s not the ACA because Trump doesn’t know it is Obamacare. He wants to get rid of anything with Obamas name on it even if it hurts people
What's the matter, mad because Trump is now forcing you to actually do something about failing ACA?
Tell me why Congress has not come up with something new?
Sir, if someone doesn't step up and stop Trump the ACA won't be the #1 concern to America, War will! He must be stopped now!!
@realDonaldTrump has contempt for real people
Sad
How in the hell is this helping the middle class @realDonaldTrump   Donnie this is only helping you to get more money for that damn wall!!
why cant congress work to fix the mess obama left?  also using the WASHPO for facts is a real bad idea
The Democrats lied to Americans about ACA.Pelosi quote. Let us pass it first. Then you can read it. Premiums up 110% since then
it is such a perfect law right? Nothing wrong, right? Keep as is, right? Americans love it, right? So many drama queens on capital hill.
BS. Subsidies conceal waste, fraud & abuse. His ExOrder allows InsCos to craft policies that meet consumervneeds & sell across state lines.
#25thAmemdment NOW!!!  How much further can we go down this horrible path?
You are in no place to talk. You have your own congressional health care handled. Use ACA and then I will listen.
Please help! Appeal to your GOP "friends."
Here we go again. Jump on the band wagon shake your fist and start screaming your fear monguring. Give it a rest and work together 4 better
Healthcare. Action not lip service
I guess you missed the part where those payments are illegal
They dont care. The dems have them so brain washed and dependent they dont think for themselves anymore.
Once you touch it you own it he owns it now
Senator warner. I'm scared. Please do something to get this absolute madman out of office
.@realDonaldTrump is a spiteful child who does not care who he hurts as long as he gets his way. Very sad, Not worthy to be President
.@SpeakerRyan please vote on articles of impeachment as .@realDonaldTrump is not fit for office and causing Americans harm!
Please stop Trump!
Where are the Republicans who know this is a terrible thing??? What is wrong with everyone?
Senator what say you if we were covertly attacked in California with Arson, and the hurricanes with cloud seeding?
@washingtonpost You passed #Obamacare with a partisan vote then told us it was broken. #StopSubsidizing Big Insurance 
How can you say that. Be a man, think on your own. Stop being a soldier for the Libs
He doesn’t care.  It’s mostly a racist move. Undo everything President Obama did. Regardless of consequences.
Senator Warner please@do everything possible to stop this madness of ripping affordable healthcare away from those most in need!
#stopthesabotage #StopTrump!
Trump's EO proves he gets to personally own this. He's just a petty, vindictive fool, out to destroy any Obama legacy, no matter the cost.
Louder, please!!! #25thAmendment
You have to stop this!  This will result in suffering and death. My wife is not a political pawn for the @GOP.  #ImpeachTrumpNow
Sabotaging sabotage fixes it.
I am so scared!!!!
We should never be scared of our government.  But I am too.
If the DOJ can declare a part of a law "Illegal", what's to stop them doing the same to the Constitution? Any legal scholars who can answer?
@tribelaw
The Amer ppl are being held hostage by a Russian-loving president and the #GOP is allowing it!
so what are Virginians supposed to do now if they can't afford healthcare anymore?
I will have NO HEALTHCARE CHOICES!  I will have NO INSURANCE!  Will have bills sent to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave!
Gov’t shutdown unless #MoronInChief takes care of DREAMers and funds the ACA!
Health care is destroyed for the people  because 45 could
They just  want to b able 2 say they repealed  Obama care
& the people b damned
Then call 1-800-POTUS and grovel. Dems own it. @SenateGOP @POTUS
What are you going to do about this, Senator?
How about also bringing up all the unemployment this will cause?  This will impact so much more than just ins rates.
Even though we already paid taxes to have it....
Trump is not driven by reality or concerns for Americans. His motivation is acquisition & concentration of power and attack Obama legacy!
He focuses on his political base,and uses propaganda techniques of fascism,augmented by modern media technology.His is dog-whistle politics!
He has exposed us to thermonuclear risk, based upon ignorance(never spent time to learn science, history, Constitution etc.) No honor? #"M"
How can this man be stopped? Only Hitler's henchmen had this much unquestioning admiration for a madman.  Republicans speak up.
So are you determined to keep whining or are you willing to work with both sides on this. Come up with solutions & compromises. Do your job!
25th AMENDMENT NOW. Remove crime family and administration from the WH.
It is now Trump care. #25thAmendment
No the ACA was sabotage
No it won't
They are sabotaging the entire Government! #ImpeachTrump
This administration is determined to do anything and everything to attack Obama's legacy. Period.
Why don’t he supporters hold him accountable for his promise that we would all have much better healthcare at lower costs?
Because his base is more of a cult than supporters. 
Only good news is it will affect his base as much as any of those "dreaded liberals"
“dreaded liberals”have facts on their side regarding Healthcare. Why do Conservatives believe lies? What Trump did is with Conservatives
This is also on you @marcorubio
and already attempting to blame Dems. Call it what it now is: trumpCare.
#Trumpcarekills
It is already has been from the beginning, not  Trump
Correct
You obviously do not understand business
Help us please
