Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time & very dangerous  low. You can thank Congress, the same people that can't even give us HCare!
False,true,true,true. But, I still don't want another all out cold war. Apparently that's alright with you and other dems. Neolibs=neocons
Russia is over.  Cut your losses and move on.
What policies did u not like. Economic recovery. Lower gas. Auto and home and wall street recovered. Got out of wars. Provided insurance.
I will be so happy when everything comes out. Hillary and the Dems were working with Russia not President Trump.
Would your profits from the Russian company YANDEX be considered collusion, you HYPOCRITE??
"Even with small hands," it's amazing what Trump CAN do with a bit of motivation:
Thank you Mark
Your were a awesome Governor when I lived in Virginia. Obama saved a lot of families, and Clinton was a great President as well.
@realDonaldTrump fuck Trump, and the Nazis in Ukraine.
Haters gonna hate. 
It does seem more direct, useful, to be watchful of offenders than throw stones at those one finds offensive.
Yea, like the last 8 years.
Mark, you know good and well what Putin is holding over Trump's head right now. Congress must be strong. Mueller must be protected.
What exactly is Putin holding over Trumps head. Go ahead I'll wait.....
I was going to respond, but why bother with MAGA people? Do the research yourself. #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
Lame !!!!!!
Keep up the investigation into influence of @KremlinRussia_E (currently @PutinRF_Eng) in USA #election2016 & ways to mitigate its effects.
"thank Russian dictator Putin" You are out of your mind, and you know you are. SELL OUT to keep ur seat.  Ur gonna walk the plank boy.
@realDonaldTrump Last 2 were under Obama's watch & what the f*ck did YOU do about it?Oh,Obama "meddled" in the Israeli elections to no avail
Or you can thank the crooked Democrats in the house and senate.  You let Hilary and Lynch have a pass.

“We need to talk about what people think about when they wake up in the morning, and it’s not Russia."
 Straight talking from Senator Warner! Please run for POTUS in 2020 w/ Kamala Harris!!
According to AMERICAN IT-specialists DNC wasn't hacked. It was an inside leak.
What are you waiting for? Tweeting about it won't help. Sure some of your liberal friends will like it, maybe retweet it. Do something.
All one needs is evidence.
The POTUS doesn't want war.
Keep up the pressure Senator, we need Congress to rebalance the vehicle of federal government.
You made millions off of Russian Businesses in 2010 (YANDEX) but I guess thats OK for you, why?.. BECAUSE YOU ARE A DEMOCRAT, YOU HYPOCRITE.
Mark, thank your PACIFIST brother Barack Obama who did absolutely NOTHING in U.S. Foreign Relations. Vlad Putin bitch slapped Obama whenever
"all time low" would be Cuban missiile crisis.
And bought Trump.
Check out our service @ http://bee3.co  which allows you to find #hacked sites using Automations #CyberAttack #Cybersecurity
Know how he & we got to this point: https://conflict-backchannels.com/2017/03/11/reflexive-control-process-allahu-akbar-terrorism-new-nationalism-neo-feudalism/ … Americans need to come up to speed on old KGB "Active Measures" & other methods.
Reports say you made a lot of money through Russian companies. Should you be investigated?
Evidence is there that shows DNC email exposure was a LEAK not a hack. A leak potentially from a DNC insider. Stop lying. #DNCCORRUPTION

Nobody likes Putin, but there is a lot of lies in one post.
I know you are a polished politician, but you can't believe Putin had any more involvement in any hacking than you would. Stop the tweets.
Every one knows Putin and trump are butt buddies questions is deep they are together and deep will you investigate and then what
We all know who the real problem is but nobody wants to say it
I blame 8 years with a weak ineffective president.  Democrats tell the world we are a pacifist country allowing enemies to walk all over us
Don't worry, most of your constituents aren't idiots, we know Trump has $$ in Russia, otherwise why wouldn't he #SignTheSanctionsBill
Come on Mark. U don't attack your brother-at-arms. Suppose that he opens his mouth and tells what he knows about Trump? Mueller may find it!
Everything that doesn't go 45's way, it's always the fault of Hillary, Barrack, the Clintons, Dems, now Congress, everyone EXPECT Trump...
Well, that would involve criticizing Putin, and we can never, ever, ever do that, for some reason.
All done under Obama's watch.
Senator I think we need use simpler words and shorter sentences. So he understands
Just give them the rest of our Uranium. That should fix it. #sarcasm
Let it go !!! You're making a fool of yourself
Meryl Streep, Kahn family, gays, transgender, women, Cabinet members, congress, McCain..... Putin?
I guess his little brain has never had a thought of the Cold War.  This clown is a joke.
but wait hillary helped with that you know 20% of are uranium bill getting $ for speeches against sanctions
Where was the outrage when Hillary sold uranium to Russia??? And Obama never stated a redline with Russia did he? Fucking idiots
I don't understand how this crazy lunatic is not impeached already?
He signed sanctions, what else do you want him to do? Your party plotted against Bernie sanders in the primary but now your on a high horse
Mark Warner what a bunch of crap. All evidence points at the Democratic Party. So you LIES ARE NOT WORKING ANYMORE.
He has yet to blame Russia for anything in spite of mounting proof of their involvement in hacking our systems
And he never will, until we see his tax returns and find out how much of his family's wealth originated in Moscow.
You woke up from a coma on November 8th didn't you
But he did all this prior to Trump, where were you then?  Oh I know, Obama had the Russians under control...NOT!
Trump LOVES attention, don't forget to thank him for collusion. It's really unfair to give Putin the credit of manipulating the nitwit.
No "or" about.  It is a fact @realDonaldTrump 
 Your ignoring the facts @realDonaldTrump & siding w/ Putin. That makes you a traitor. Got it
Wtf does Russia have to do with healthcare Mr BUFFOONids
Well said Sen. Warner!
He needs to blame himself most-he's shameful for this country
Wasn't it Obama who did absolutely nothing about Putin's annexation of Crimea? I don't recall you getting bent out of shape about that.
We should thank Russia for exposing you dems for what you are, lying cheating worms. And you know your state is right in the thick of it.
#FIRECONGRESS
Go Sen. Warner!
I think you have Putin's title wrong. It is GOP slave master and Trump puppeteer.
Get to work and voteinFed judges Do your job
Are your words for real? If so, you should resign your post and go fishin"
hacked usa election? how? .. prove that
Let me help you understand who is the real aggressor.I would rather spend $ on our county instead of policing the world
What a waste!!! Who this the aggressor RUSSIA or the U.S. ?
This is what passes 4 "intelligent thought" among US politicians, while literally millions of illegals voted D in 2016 - but, but "Putin" !
Has @realDonaldTrump blocked any senators yet? But you can see all his tweets on the news, so don't worry about it, you won't miss anything
He did say the election was rigged! Who knew?!
3/ The people of Crimea voted peacefully in a referendum to join Russia.And unlike you,I was actually there to witness it with my own eyes.
Hacked?
2/Russia didn't invade Ukraine.State Dept,NATO & the EU orchestrated the illegal overthrow of the Gov't in Kiev which started the civil war.
1/ No evidence what so ever that Russia "hacked" our election. Plenty of evidence the DNC rigged the primaries & colluded w/the media.
Hacked? You mean they broke into election computer systems?

You should be embarrassed to be spreading this lie.
All while you dod nothing & Obama assurred Putin's man that he'd have more flexibility to wealen The USA after his re-election.
The eu made they are calling us alleged allies and called sanction a trade war . You pissed off your commy allies
Anything else going on besides Russia Russia Russia?
Good to hear U & @SenJohnMcCain on the exact same page w this. All patriots needed on deck.
Also, Congress did actually push through a health care bill, the ACA. They did fail on a recent tax relief bill that would also wreck HC.

He does daily.
This one tweet demonstrates more criticism of his own congress than all of his criticism of Putin combined...
I know I speak for a large majority of Amercians when I say to you Senator Warner . We want a very public PERP WALK of Trump and his Admin !
You children thinking this will get POTUS' goad? It doesn't hurt him at all! It caused international rift! So hope it gave congress jollies
this horrible mess for USA which trump is totally responsible is really scary; we Americans don't understand permitting him to destroy USA.
take a hike ole mark go back to sissy schumers office and hide.
So your point is?
and sent our embassy home. What is going on that the president is apologizing to our invaders!
Great Lies coming from Senator Mark Warner today.  The Bigger the Lie, the easier it is to dupe the public.
Putin is bad! These issues are bad! But if what little Russia can do to improve the region is now even less? It's 100% on congress!
Well countered, Senator @MarkWarner
Illuminate us Mark Warner, how did Putin hack the US election?
Mark I really hope you get 2 the bottom of these lies of his. Thank you 4 not giving up
Mark Warner, place in torture chamber! A real traitor at large! Warner is sick!
This shows How Dangerous Trump Is he does Not understand How Much Damage Russia Did to our Elections! Yes Trump would Not be President
You mean thanks to you libs who mocked Romni for warning you?
Thank you!
Wouldn't THAT be a refreshing change.  Imagine a POTUS who slammed Russia for their deceptions instead of blaming Americans.

If Russia hacked anything it was with the help of the Democratic Party. Hillary loves Russia.
Right!
Well said!
Hacked US election? So it was Putin who put that server at HRC's basement or sent those emails from Podesta's account?!
Trump doesn't have what it takes to be the president of any country!Because he is easily corrupted!And by the worst kind"Putin" #TrumpRussia
Hacked election? HARD EVIDENCE wooden head? There was no hack that is. Dem lie. Every intelligence agency has said not a vote changed.
The American People have a right to say when CONGRESS slithers off on VACATION. They set their own work schedule,pay healthcare, privileges
Dam I wish I could of landed a JOB like that. A structure change is demanded by the nature of our leaders.
Who knew international relations and healthcare were so complicated?
OBVIOUS TRUMP IS SUSCEPTIBLE TO RUSSIAN BLACKMAIL& IS ALREADY IN PLAY!! TRUMP HAVING HAD QUESTIONABLE FINANCIAL DEALS WITH RUSSIA-DUH!??
Mark, the Russia collusion story is over, and the media is running dry on leakers. May want to get busy and actually do your job for VA.
I figured out what trump is good at, not taking responsibility for anything and passing the buck.
Frankly my dear, I don't give a damn
When are you going to do something that actually helps our situation?! You sit there accuse President Trump but haven't pitched in to help.
I can see that the fact that the democrat voters are as dumb as the democrat representatives that will get voted out of office he very soon.
impeach
Mark your witch hunt needs to come to an end. You keep listening to Schemer and you're going to need a new job
@realDonaldTrump   geez senator  u r actually believing the media for facts? or are you getting to run in 2020? politicians always CYA
Why is he so concerned with our relationship to Russia to the exclusion of everything else going on in the world!?
No Mark Warner the president has it right we can blame the democrats. The democrats and the democrats alone are to blame.
But, respectfully sir, if he did that Putin would be mad at him, Donny doesn't like it when his boss is mad.
Mark warner us a blemish on Va. It makes me sick he is our rep. He needs to do his job for the people. He bought and paid for that
Commity seat he sits on. Trying to advance his pol career. Not going to happen

Really, @realDonaldTrump why don't you get your bathrobe and move to Moscow?  Then you and Putin can be buddies under the same roof.
All of which happened under democrats watch.
TRUMP n trumpeters need to stop passing the blame, FIX the damn thing n move forward.
The things u described could b the flexibility that Obama promised the Russians prior to the 2012 elections. Did u ever ask him? Nooooooo
All under your and Obama's nose.
Things he covets because they'll bring him his russian hotels.
Or you can thank Obama thats who let all of that happen.
What do they have on him?
@realDonaldTrump Well said, Sen Warner!
We don't want a relationship with murderous Russian Regime. Thank-u Congress!
OMG that man is unbelievable.
#FireHannity
This is not normal.
@MarkWarner  So you stalk the President twitter feed to respond to him..Kinda creepy Mark.
@SenJohnMcCain did the same thing, sent out a v similar tweet
Spot on Mark
He's only worried because Russia has something on him.
@SenateDems we know it's always someone else's fault,never little #Donald's,such a pathetic representation of a USA leader#GOP
Or....you could thank #asshats such as yourself for the #RussiaNothingBurger served daily for 6 months.
He proves collusion-worse--he has zero knowledge abt American history. Has he ever heard of Cold War, Bay of Pigs, Cuban Missile Crisis?
Face it. Trump will never slam Putin. What does Vlad have on Donald? He has something huge, or Trump is truly psychotic. One or the other.
Wow, take the scales off your eyes and look at UR own party, i.e.Clinton and Ukraine, DNC& blabbermouth Schultz, Ben Rhodes & U.S.  citizens
STOP w/the "Russia hacked our election" bullshit! Russia isn't responsible 4Hillary Clinton being a horrible human being w/a horrible record
RIGHT ON!
it is very clear that the russians have something on trump
Really armchair politician since you are ohh so much smarter than any one in Washington (said with sarcasm) elaborate what Russia has
Trump is so unhinged, he is a danger to the United States. He needs to be impeached before he does more damage
You can thank Obama who knew and did nothing.
@SenateDems - DW Schultz - Awan Family !
He is such a disgrace to this country. He's detestable.
@realDonaldTrump only hacking was the #DNCserver the only IT person caught was working for  @DWStweets #superdelegate collusion
@SenateDems Say it......again!!
.Preach brother preach!
how repugnant of him, as usual.

Or you could blame the #dnc for fabricating a hack when it was a leak and the Media Industrial Complex for disseminating those lies.
Maybe #SeymourHersh can explain it to you better. Have a listen.
All he does is place blame...  thanks for giving him clarity Mark!
 I can't believe you said that when we just got rid of the blame blamer in Chief... Obama
Leaders shouldn't throw shade on their team. Cheap power dynamic. SO tired of how impolite Mr. Trump is. How is tacky supposed to MAGA? 
I know you know why. Please hurry and put an end to this nightmare.

When it comes to Russia, President Trump is 100% Blame America First.
Bad Gov...Worst Senator
@realDonaldTrump is OBVIOUSLY a #traitor and committed #treason against our beloved country. Impeachment isn't partisan, it's American!!
(PS: DJT, our Congress saved our healthcare.)
Obama gets no credit for #leadingfrombehind
Dear @MedvedevRussiaE :. Would you please send copies of all transcripts of conversations between Trump and Putin. Much appreciate.
Can we please start the process to remove Trump. He is a liability to our nation. Decisions need to be made. Its not about hating trump.
