#Breaking: Facebook to release to Congress Russian-purchased ads linked to 2016 election http://politi.co/2hkurU5  
Please make the Russian propaganda posts public. America deserves to see for themselves how we were divided & manipulated by Russia.
you were divided be GOP
It was a joint effort to foster internal hate based on race, religion, party, age, heritage, education thru fake posts. Main beneficiary=Ru.
RU benefits how?
The primary benefit would've been lifting sanctions...as trump admin tried at very beginning, but were stymied by State.
Funny thing is, your interference has turned most Americans against You. Probably could have cooperated, but your govt poisoned the well.
I am not Russian BTW! Was just curious to hear.
Quit deflecting from Powers, Clinton emails, Podesta pedophile, Russian Hillary uranium, pay for play in Clinton Foundation, etc. etc. etc.
Dems on a fishing expeditions. Nothing to do with POTUS. You might find Russian spying and subversion, it's what they do. Always.
People like Morgan Freeman have been spewing allegations as facts Mark. Why not deal with THAT? @MarkWarner
@politico i want to know the truth about wiretaps on trump tower, campaign
You would have some credibility if you pursued the most corrupt Democratic Party in history as well....
You are looking for #Russian & #Macadonian misinformation I am on a SECRET page with 150K PPL @facebook won't take it down #HELP me stop it!
You're right Senator, we had a right to know. Reality Winner, the whistleblower, is now in jail for that.
You are such a hard worker I’m sure this helps your constituents find good paying jobs lower healthcare costs and lower taxes
I moved out of Virginia because of you the liberal ideologies you have destroyed Virginia
Plus 1!
Let’s get this right, you think the millions spent by HRC & DNC were overshadowed by the $100K+ “purchased by Russia?
Thank you @MarkWarner for seeking truth about Russian interference in the 2016 election: Please don't stop until we know the full story.
Baaaa!
And hopefully Congress can come together & #ImpeachTrump to stop insults from leading to war(s) & mass casualties.

Time to start impeachment process asap
do you ever discuss voter fraud? Because that is something that has actually been proven. Not Russia.
we also need to know how much collusion went on between @donnabrazile (cheater) @DWStweets (IT &  ) Samantha Power (unmasking)
The big question ...why is Grassley constantly trying to block this investigation? He is steadily undermining Mueller.
Investigate how much $$ Ukraine, Russia was giving Clinton Foundation
We deserve a revote!
That would b nice.
A witch hunt started by Democrats unhappy with election results.
Hahaha
I'm a Virginian, a business owner, an inventor, an American. But I'm seriously investigating moving out. Trump is proof America is broken.
Trump is a crisis. A global threat. A menace to the freedoms this country was founded on. Get rid of him!
Nothing you, Washington, does right now matters until you get rid of Trump. The world is stunned that a nation can't contain one lunatic!
Please keep focus on the #russia Senate investigation.May be time to hand to independent.#russiagate
Americans voted a cockwomble into the Whitehouse. Uneducated cockwomble's voted.There's your evidence.
@MarkWarner You are looking for #Russian & #Macadonia misinformation I am on a SECRET page with 150K PPL @facebook won't take it down #HELP
Agree! We The People Want To Know About The Obama Administration! UNMASKNG ; Soon ! INDICTMENT COMING FOR ALL
Isn't that Mueller's job?
POTUS Obama knew of Russian involvement and did nothing.
please release all ads to the public, or at the very least, multiple news orgs
Considering the fact this has nothing to do with President Trump and everything to do with Facebook interesting
Dude Hillary sucked.  We cannot vote for Criminals.  I voted for Trump!!! #HillaryForPrison
Zuckerburg would be wise to ban politics completely on Facebook.
Ant O and Comey interference as well! U need 2 quit being a partisan and get the truth out there! Did u lie when u said no wiretapping?
So where is the link to Trump Senator McCarthy?  You look like a fool.
Been interfering w elections since Ted Kennedy asked Russia for help to defeat Reagan. Why were you & Obama out to lunch on US security?!
Russia is old news and Mueller has it under control.  Pursue GOP Coverup of RNC's contractors voter fraud and suppression in the election.
Pls don't let them use this as an excuse.
Be careful what u wish for.    (AND REMEMBER ERIC CANTOR, n he was a Republican!)
Hope they emphasize Barry n family n friends sitting eating pizza every nite 4past 3 yrs spying on Trump w/o legal authority.
And where they were requested to be put??
#Trumpsters eager to label existing single payer system (#Medicare) socialism, but deaf ear to #RepublicanParty becoming #CommunistParty!
Facebook violates own privacy rules? Why trust FB in anything it says after this about privacy ?
Fine but there was no Russian govt interference in US ejections , while US on other hand
The US destablizes countries & U R concerned that a $100,000 of FACEBOOK ads interfered with our election?  At least we had an election!
We also need 2 know the truth about the unmaskings by Samantha Power/Susan Rice.Was Tony Podesto also unmasked? He had Ukraine connections 2
So why isn't Stone testimony public?
Good first step but I don’t buy they were unaware of fake profiles until after the election. I reported them as did many others.
Not a single vote was changed, Mark....but keep it up....#tiredofpolitics
Stay with this & pls keep it in the news @MarkWarner!
Romney warned about Russia. Dems blew him off. @HillaryClinton reset w Russia, sold Uranium to Russia as SecofState.
D/N vote Trump or Hillary. Tired of Red Scare McCarthyism while our country frickin burns.
About that $6 million you made on Russian tech stock with info few had, please explain, Marky.
Thanks for all your hard work senator and please be sure to press Facebook hard I do believe they are hiding on this information.
No 1 tells truth.  One month people say 45 is crazy as hell about wire tap claim. Now we find out he did get wiretapped. #whoknows!
@MarkWarner had such a promising political career until he lost his marbles & went far left. Is there such a thing as a moderate democrat?
Is there such a thing as a republican with common sense?
You and I both know that the GOP & the Russian govt conspired to steal election and place Trump in the Presidency.
How about the DNC server? Not interested? Keep insulting our intelligence Senator!
What about the DNC server? Cuz they didn't turn it over?  You think the DNC thought the FBI was on their side after Comey publicity?
Yes we do!
There's more GOP effort put into supposed voter fraud, i.e. voter suppression, than in hostile foreign government interference 
Speaking of a hostile foreign govt interference https://www.google.com.au/amp/m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_57983b85e4b02d5d5ed382bd/amp … US has long history of meddling in elections and killing people
They certainly do and they also need to be informed of the illegal unmasking of American citizens for political purposes. Keep it honest!
I somehow feel that Jared Kushner's fingerprints are going to be on those ads.
Does that mean they are gonna release #CrookedHillary 's emails and the @DNC servers info to show it was actually @DNC collusion?  #MAGA
She lost.  You say Dems can't get over it! Geez. The DNC is not at issue. Focus, read, and change the channel!
First step? You people are idiots!
Why does the information need to go from Facebook to Congress why can't it just not be released directly to the public we can decide.
Yet you aren't interested in the national security threat from the Imran Awan IT scandal involving Congressional computers and the DNC.
Absolutely...esp since we are sched to vote in the near future!
So, what's new? They do that all the time.
The "new" part is that Manafort offered to help.
#treason
#indictment
Emails Point to #Manafort Offer to Brief Russian in Campaign #russia #paulmanafort #Trump http://fb.me/8uORmG7I6 
Who cares?
Make sure and tell us about the foreign elections we've interfered in also. #potkettleblack
Here's a start in US meddling : https://www.google.com.au/amp/m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_57983b85e4b02d5d5ed382bd/amp … no need for anyone to violate own privacy rules to do so
As well as the Democrats interference and manipulations of elections. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP
So all you can retort is "I know we did but they did too".  Why not bring it up when it was happening?
Don't give up!!
UGh geez mark with all the other shit going on this is whats at the top of your agenda. why did we elect u?   PASS a bill to cut my taxes !
Just the facts huh?  Just when they are good for you.  No tax cuts, we can't afford what we need, everyone needs to pay.
We need to be told the absolute truth so this never happens again! How dare  they try to influence other countries elections?!
Does that mean Congress will release them to the public?
Yes, Putin is messing with all our democracies, Senator shut him down
Just the ads, or will you be receiving account and payment information that goes with them?
Thank you!
