.@MarkWarner says he believes the W.H. has backed off possibility of invoking executive privilege to prevent Comey testimony
Warner wants to be the next Waters
NO one  I repeat No one will ever be able to achieve that level of stupity
R u kidding me Obama did the same thing for Holder when he was AG even after he was found in contempt of Congress r u really that stupid
Obama gave executive protection to @EricHolder who Fast & Furious Gun Running Killed: Brian Terry CBP, Jaime Zapata ICE, and 1000's of RAZA
Don't forget to ask Comey about the 47 hard drives worth of evidence about Obama's deepstate spying. Spied on 156 judges, Trump, 20 mil amer
#PersistenceTrumpsResistance
Actually it does not rest on shaky grounds. But you people always have one rule for Democrats and much stricter rules for republicans.
Do you Media Politicians have any idea how the American people could care less about Comey, Russia crap! Jobs Economy is what we care about!
You are an embarrassment to the people of Virginia
@FaceTheNation Mark, u lied 2ur constituents 4mos abt .@POTUS DT - u knew w/ .@SenFeinstein, DT was NEVER under FBI investg
Evil Dems shld be sued 4 ruining ppls lives/deceiving USAll knew DTNEVER under FBI invstg
You are completely ridiculous.  Your desperation is showing!
But it was ok when #Obama did it for #Holder during #FastAndFurious investigation? No Mark. We haven't forgotten the corruption on your side
Think about this Mark u come from a state that had over 5K illegals on the voter rolls cancelling out the legal citizens of VA
LIES AGAIN! LMAO FAKE NEWS. @POTUS DIDN'T SO JOKES ON YOU, YOUR BF @SenatorBurr @RepAdamSchiff @RepCummings TOO! 
Why are you chasing wind mills.  Time for you to retire, or be voted out.
you all been Trumped
Mark you are a liar, nothing bi-partisan in anything you spew, hunt down a camera to salivate - grow up and have some integrity.
Why do u think he did not? Because he dosn't need to. You libs are in for a frustrating day tomorrow. The pot of gold at end of rainbow? No
Hey Mark would you like a Pepsi with your burger... 
Please give Jim Comey a Comfortable Chair!!
Comey's COLLUSION with the Clintons goes way back...did anyone think he would change?
Fast and Furious please explain why that was OK
What do you think now?
Hmmmm. 
Sounds like you really don't know. 
remember This is not Obama. who tossed around exec priv like bird seed to a flock of pidgeons
Well the real legal professionals say Trump did nothing. You're just a pathetic democrat following talking point .Simply embarrassing.
And President Trump did not . However, President Obama did. So, why the tweet at all.
Your nuts Husain did in Fast & Furious !!
@FaceTheNation If Obama spied on the American people illegally, put him in jail.
The Senator, & rest of the Dems, forgot why the hearing was held today. Protect our Citizens. They made it a political mess, & forgot us
Like Obama did? He actually could being that the investigation isn't about him.
Remember fast and furiously?? Obama and Holder??? Outrage please
Why don't you try working with Trump instead of trying to destroy him. We the People would be better served by the former.
Shaky ground?? You got to be kidding me! You got a better chance of finding Bigfoot! Get back to work or we will find people who will!
FBI NOT an independent office
Falls under DOJ & EXECUTIVE branch
...you're not trying hard enough
Double standard no? You are laughableyou only need to think back to the last president 0bama
@SenatorBurr @RepAdamSchiff  You all act like your above the LAW. Love trying to DESTROY @POTUS best ever to run my Country! Not corrupt DEM
Fast & Furious ring a bell?
Does the name Eric Holder strike a bell?
Shaky ground? You, Kaine and all the rest of your lot are on shaky ground. You represent northern ca, Richmond, albemarle, va beach. We know
NOVA
You @MarkWarner have no idea what you're up against. We are hundreds of millions strong. You're going down. We don't believe you.
Ah Mark u would be wrong.
He didn't need it He's not under investigation DEMS screwed them self's. MAGA
Obama and Holder on line 1 for you Senator.
Show us @FaceTheNation where @POTUS Trump said he was going 2 use Exe Privilege-quit spreading PROPAGANDA through disinformation innuendo
Did Trump ever consider executive privledge?  We are likely looking at more #fakenews like coats exposed. Obama deepstate distractions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WJWNoJnML-8 …

Mark is like Nancy and the rest of the libtards

LOVE IT , TRUE! 
Nothingburger Warner

AMEN, HE & @SenatorBurr DO NOTHING TO DEM'S IS WHY WE THINK $$$$ PAY TO PLAY, TO HUSH & NOT GO THERE! SAD, SHAME ON THEM! USA 1ST
How many times must they say, No?
Tell that to Obumer. you farce
says you
Wow and you got that from Face the Nation? Well by golly you have some very sound legal footing there pardner........NOT.
You are ridiculous - no evidence and you just keep crying - stop obstructing @potus we support him
So who but the Dems & Fake News media even mentioned the  "idea" of POTUS invoking Executive Privilege? Trump never said it. Usual Fake News
Obama did it all the time, but that's ok
Hey Mark u and your entire party are drama queen liars and thieves and I'll help remove you from power loser 
The American people need the truth!  Keep going.
Agree!  Keep pushing to get the truth.
Senator. That $6 mil. How did you make it again?  Btw if this was Barry obama you would NEVER say this. Joke
You would have wanted the President to claim however the earlier the story comes out the better. We want health care and tax reform not this
Not sure about that, but he is no longer an employee. In 30 yrs in DC, agency Secretaries refused to have employees testify many times
I swear to do EVERYTHING I can to get you voted out. Your interrogation of DNI Coats = desperate & silly. You're NOT working for America
Didn't get what you wanted in the hearings did you! Hahaha!
you lied like three times in this hearing already ....you are getting voted out 2018 we will make sure of it
He is a private citizen after being fired...what executive privilege? Please stop this buffoon and his GOP conspirators. SOS USA
GOOD LORD! IF he had invoked it you'd have said he was hiding something!!! Do the peoples work, TAX REFORM, healthcare, ENOUGH of this BS!
Let's investigate ur $6Mill Russian deal u made, Sen. Stop acting like ur an avenging angel. Indeed, ur shakey.
@MarkWarner @FaceTheNation
#CNNisISIS
Let's wait and hear him ...
I don't believe he has - but you R just touting the DNC talking points.  Grow up.  Real people think DEMS have become a Joke, I used to be 1

Virginia voter here - Stand your ground, Senator.  With you all the way.  We are watching, and you have been strong. Keep the focus!
The Russian narrative is dead and now all DIms have left is a fake obstruction wet dream. Never going to happen.
Trump wants to have Comey testify! Time to get this democrat setup done. US has interfered in 45 country elections! Obama did with Israel.
Are you joking? Bill Clinton fired f.b.i dirrector! You must really think we know nothing!
Alot of Citizens believe Comey is a liar. Every since he gave Hillary a pass. I guess you all are above the law.
Mr. Warner I can't stand how you and others in the capital talk about our President. You all are and imbarassment to our country.
He certainly acts like a privileged executive. He is the living embodiment of Roahl Dahl villain.
Go back in the hole you lived in from 2008-2016, warner.
We still have to wait until the 11th hour
Plus the fact he could give an interview of his choice, and tell it all even without softball from the Republicans.
Sick of warner trying to get his 15 minutes of fame.
Indeed....all that tweeting about Comey & discussing Russia issues publicly removed his EP option or put it on shaky turf from what I hear.
Hmmm...That would be like putting icing on the Guilty Cake.  But go ahead and try.
Lol
Thank you for your diligent search for the truth!
LMAO, NO TRUTH, $$$$ PAYING THEM TO RID OF @POTUS KEEPS UM PUMPED! @SenatorBurr
Just more liberal propaganda here. No truth to this story. Just regurgitated garbage from liberal sources.
Trump is only 5 months in office... He has lots of time to surprise us a great deal more
Yes and the next 89 months will be ever so interesting. The Far Left Move by the Dems will doom them to carry any States in Middle USA in 20
Hmmm.. nice to know that it's possible to know what a persons "thoughts" are... had no idea that was even possible! 
Shaky legal ground has not been a deterrent for this President in the past.
The only thing shaky comrade is your intelligence level.
Why don't MSM stop calling Mango's tweets "tweets" and start calling them what they are: policy statements. #ImpeachablePolicyStatements
I think there is a lot of corruption on both sides and if the truth comes out it will bring this country to its knees. God help us
He won't. He has nothing to hide. Bring it
Can we lose #democracy if #moneylaundering is in #politics?

When will the citizen's of the #USA be the priority and not special interests?
Middle USA is getting madder each time the Dems make a fiasco out of a hearing. They did it again today.
He has already talked about it via twitter, and Lester Holt's interview.  The truth will come out!!  #followthemoney
Alway #followthemoney
WE THE PEOPLE ARE ON TO THEM CORRUPT DEM'S & NOW THEY ARE UNDER INVESTIGATION! 
@PuestoLoco

Another comment, fyi...in agreement.
He waived privlege in the 2nd para of his letter firing Comey.  Sen what is outcome here?  To sanction Russia & make new policy?
He is still recovering from having his brain rattled by audio jamming equipment used on Trip.  It could had left him confused based on Trip
I explained it to Secret Service the affects of equipment in context. I am sure they are looking into it.  I built a version of the system
The president has attempted to make valiant efforts at raising doubts about fundamental truths and sadly, the public fell for it.
