Then work with the GOP to make the bill bipartisan.  The people are getting fed up with the nonsense coming from Congress.
Dems can't work with GOP if the bill was crafted in secret invitation-only meetings. Bipartisanship requires two partners & GOP won't do it.
Agreed it takes 2 to tango.  Both parties in house & senate, guilty of causing disharmony. Too much finger pointing, not enough actual work.
Not equal amount of guilt, though. ObamaCare was 11-months, 100s of hours of hearings, 100s of GOP amend added and still none voted for it.
Still finger pointing are ya?
Thank you Senator! I am so grateful for your stedfast opposition to this fiasco!
Perhaps he should have started by opposing the ACA fiasco!
Interesting that a guy who is 100% partisan complains about partisan politics
How was Obamacare passed? Partisan? In the dead of night before Christmas holiday? Totally none partisan
Stand up for poor people Senator! The republican plan of Hurry up and Die is NOT a health plan.
Respectfully....where was this sentiment when the ACA was passed?It was a mistake then, and now needs more $ to fix?Our Nation is in debt.
WARNER ...   here's some news for you ACE. Osbamswhocares, RAMMED THROUGH, you HYPOCRITE, partisan vote. THAT, is NO WAY TO CONDUCT BUSINESS
McCain got free cancer surgery then voted to steal health insurance and Medicaid for 23M people. Sick.
Even if he wasn't a Senator, he would still have free health care through his military service.
The same shitty care many veterans endure? I doubt it.
As a veteran, I agree with that. Though he still would have coverage.
True. 
Wasn't ACA a partisan bill? Didn't Pelosi claim it  had to be passed, before we would know what was in it? Was that the way?
Go home and stop obstructing! Vote to debate it.
I wish I could get @SenToddYoung or @SenDonnelly  to do that. So far, both seem to be hiding. Gentlemen, @VP Pence is no longer IN governor.
How has ACA actually lowered the cost if healthcare?
Thank you sir
McConnell needs to go, he's proved several times over he doesn't care about Dems and some Republicans. He is ruining this country
HYPOCRITE
Warner I Agree and you are part of the problem.
Thank you Senator Warner. You are our voice
@Obamacare was partisan bill.  Be what you say you want to see, #bipartisan
Thank you Senator Warner!
GOP  not interested in well being of t ppl. Their motto is "party over country" no matter how many ppl will die fr lack of affordable HC.
Democrats behavior, Mark, is NO WAY to conduct the people's business! Your requirement is to get together & legislate NOT partisan politics!
But passing them at midnight is?
At least GOP is working  - you're the guy watching the house burn down and critiquing the fireman.
Try legislating for once - that's what we pay you for!
Please do everything you can to stop this. We are counting on you, Senator Warner.

Vote on full repeal at 3:30 eastern, 2:30 central and 12:30 pm pacific.  Please start calling or tweeting if you can. https://twitter.com/beauwillimon/status/890256842772946945 …
Full repeal!!
U go Mark!! Ur a piece of work!!!
You really count on low-information voters, sorry those folks dont spend much time on Twitter, the informed know this mess is the DEMS fault
Thank you Sen Warner!
Thank you! The Republicans secrecy reminds me of the old boys club secret back room deals where the booze and cigars flowed freely.
How about that bipartisan Obamacare. Can you say double standard.
Don't waste your time, you are irrelevant a millionaire and beholden to big banks
You guys have to stop this insanity somehow! Enough is enough.
Thank you!!!
Thank you Senator
Why don't u ever tweet about Kate's Law? Will u vote yes to protect citizens from criminal illegal aliens? You never address this.
Thank you for sharing your daughters story. For those of us w preexisting, this repeal will be catastrophic!
Thank you! It seems Trump managed to distract/manipulate everyone else w/his transgender tweet this morning. Sad sad time for all Americans.
So it was ok when you did it with Obamacare! This is the problem with our government.
You are my senator&you need to represent ALL your constituents!Repeal this disaster! My experience w/Ocare=atrocity! #repeal #freemarket
A partisan repeal is not acceptable. Nor was it right for Democrats to pass a strictly partisan bill known as Obamacare. Hypocritical?
Thank you for fighting for our health and well being
How many Republicans voted for Obamacare? I'll wait for your answer
Thank you for all you do...
You're not my Senator (wish u were) but THANK YOU for standing up for those of us who feel voiceless in this maddening time. Appreciate you!
So you are going to whine about what you are "against", why not be productive and put forth a plan?
I haven't felt as though the Republicans have been doing the "people's business" for a long time. Thank you for doing better than they do.
Thank you for your efforts!
We the patriots agree. Now join in with the republicans and find a way to contribute something worth while for those who are suffering !
Thank you, Senator, job well done!
Thank you
This is no way to conduct the World's business either. Please do something, try to make things right. The US must wake from this coma.
7/ I EMPLORE YOU TO EXAMINE SITUATIONS LIKE MINE.Message me here if u want more info,I will be happy to better explain.
6/ and which I forego bcz I get NO EXTRA ASSISTANCE.There are millions like me who fall through the cracks&are suffering.
5/ I require a special diet due to health prob which costs more, and I am forced to chose which medical treatments I get
Repeal Obamacare
4/ good salary when I worked & my benefit is higher than average.THIS IS NOT FAIR,I still have rent,utilities, food-
3/ assistance or assistance from the drug companies, so we have to do without.THIS IS WRONG!I am penalized bcz I made

2/ NOT COST OF RX. If cost of RX is MORE THAN OUR SSD- too bad.And if SSD is of a certain amt, we don't get Medicare
Bruh there not going to pass
PLEASE STAND UP FOR US PPL W DISABILITIES!We r getting screwed by having our Rx coverage based solely upon amt of SSD 
STOP DEMS SPENDING OF HARD WORKING Ppl THE TAXPAYERS $$ #ACARepeal https://twitter.com/CarlPalmer01/status/890221994532327425 …
Be that warner!
what ppl you mean special interest groups #MAGA
Irony alert. How did #Obamacare get passed?
I hope Imran Awan didn't have access to your computer.
The only other plan is for people not to need medical care.  Or die.  Thanks for supporting Americans' healthcare.
People's lives aren't business it is personal. They don't get that.  It is Obamacare they want it gone.  We want it to stay
I don't know how you do it Senator Warner - but thank you for your service to the American people
#ObamaCare was designed to fail; a classic Cloward-Piven strategy meant to implode and force a single-payer government health program.
Blame dishonest Democrats who created #Obamacare and lied about it
Keep fighting----you're one of the good ones!
Could you speak about my premiums going up 40% since Obamacare was enacted @kerrydougherty
Kudos to Sens. Murkowski and Collins and all who have voted no to continuing on blindly.
Your comments on the Senate floor this morning were excellent. Thank you!
Very well put!  We need more members to see it your way!
@SenateDems proud to have voted for you Senator Warner.
Just listened to you speak on C-SPAN 2. Thank you Senator. Please keep pushing to stop this awful bill &protect our families & friends in VA
Thank you from Prince William Co
Speaking out is partisan. Working to find a solution is bipartisan. Big difference.
You mean cleaning up the swamp.  For 8 years you have not been concerned.
The people elected several of the Republicans to specifically repeal Obamacare. By definition, would that be "the people's business"?
And this is?
Thank you Senator @MarkWarner. Daily appreciations for your efforts. Thank you.
Only Demoncratic Sinators would state the obvious, and be the culprit.
Thanks @SenJohnMcCain your speech helped ZERO for partisan behaviot and your vote=disappointing!
Thank you for your hard work!
Offer an amendment
Thank you! @MarkWarner
Thank you Senator Warner.
Thank you for fighting for Frankie!
Than you for your continuing fight!
Neither was passing Obamacare without ever reading it.
That's not true. It was read. Republicans added 100 admendments to it with over a 1000 hours of debate.
Thank you, Senator Warner!
Have fun b/c it wont be long before you are behind bars with your friends Adam Schiff&John McCain. Trump has the evidence Russia is a lie!
Thank You
You had your chance now talk talk talk no results just obstruction! Did you have Obamacare? Hell no you were exempt! WHY????
Congress members and congressional staff no longer have FEHB and have to choose plans from the exchanges, so no, he is not exempt
Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Well then perhaps you should offer something besides your very partisan words
Oh and the way you rammed OCARE down our throats is? You Dems act like OCARE is a good thing. GOP is just trying to improve.

Thank you!!
Thank you!
The Dems answer to heathcare is ruin the private system for all of us to insure a very few of us. Socialism ensures the Equality of Misery
We're counting on you to speak up for us, loudly & often!
Thank you for fighting this abomination!! Proud to have you as my Senator!
We've got your back Senator! 
Must include medical prof. Women, vets, & Dems in the decision making. No more behind close door hearings.
Thanks for speaking for all Americans!!!
Oh not all, not even close
We need and appreciate your hard work on our behalf!
Thank you for your principled work
Thank you, Senator Warner.
Thank you.
Thank you Senator Warren!
Unlike the Liar-n-chief, I pay my federal taxes which provides HC 4 all those holding office.Why should office holders have better paid4 HC?
Remind them, as I know you will most Americans DON'T like what they are doing-HATE all their bills
So I'm glad you agree it wasn't right to pass Obamacare bill through no debate and abuse of reconciliation.
Thank you
Can you speak out against discrimination against trans service people, while you're at it?
Your #GOP colleagues are personally enriched by SuperPac $$. It's their motive to "play" partisan while not bending at all!!!
Good luck!!
Thank you for having our backs and taking our voice to the floor.
The way to conduct business is for all of you that recd a vote from the American people to do the peoples business. Sick of thr dems who
Voted for this crap to help fix it. You spend to much time ontv and social media to get things done.
Can you try to invoke the 25th while you are at it?
Remember how good the free market was to you?
Thank you for acknowledging we're people! It's so easy to misplace our own humanity as @realDonaldTrump does to elevate his scared self.
Go Mark go!
Give them hell, Senator Warner!
Good luck
go get them destroy them
You were fine with IMPOSING partisan health care bills on us, though.
Thank you!
Warner for President!!!!
He is doing nothing for the people. He cant do his job for running for president. Everyone sees it.
Ty Senator! Break a leg!
