Congress sends Trump legislation denouncing Charlottesville violence, white supremacy http://wapo.st/2fhmJWG 
Support Medicare for all..we are at the mercy of Ins. And big pharma.. You don't worry why should we.
When will you condemn ANTIFA for their terrorism? Oh, I forgot, you would have to condemn your own son.
It's good to know that Congress unanimously condemns such violence. Regardless, the POTUS supports white supremacists, signature or not.
Sorry to burst you bubble, but, Trump does not support this hate anymore than U support Antifa hate.
Glad you think that, because he hasn't said that.  His behavior has not indicated that.  He surrounds himself with white supremacists.
So Coco your position is, if you are white, you are a white supremacist?  Wow, don't think that is the way it goes!
LOL @ you.  I didn't say that, not even close.   Have a nice day.
U said Trump surrounds himself w/ white supremacists. What basis 4 the claim?Do U have actual proof anyone is actually part of those groups?
When are you going to condemn Antifa and BLM who went there to attack the ones who had a permit to rally there?
&this resolution changes what? Benefits Americans how? Oh it doesn't was a waste of tax money for a political statement.  Sad sad sad
We don't like  you anyways
@washingtonpost They don't need to urge him, they should demand it from him but will he? That's the big question.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNj06em7cfo&feature=share …
We Don't Need You Clowns  To Tell us that or for you to waste time drafting some Dumb Ass Statement, more important things to get done
Is ANTIFA and BLM in this Resolution?“what do we want? DEAD COPS! When do we want it? NOW!” Sounds a LOT like HATE to me!!
When will you condemn Black Lives Matter for the murder of 5 police officers in Dallas and the fact they are calling for police deaths?
I know it rhymes, but you're not DrSeuss, and OfCourse there is hatred and bigotry everywhere. Check yourself Son. I do & I'm older than you
this is fucking stupid. Congress is wasting our time with this! This is common sense #cantWasteTimeWithAnIdiotInTheOval #GodHelpUs
But there is hate in your heart for @POTUS. Your devisive statement creates hate. Shameful, America should expect better.
You said it all right there.  TIM KAINE is full of hate....so yes, there is hate in his state as long as he's there.
I have lived in VA all http://my.You  were born in MN. No ANTIFA, BLM, Neo Nazis in MY STATE.
I am glad congress is condemning white supremacy, but condemning it does nothing except act as a media release...
@washingtonpost @jennaportnoy politically induced problem while highways and infrastructure needs work now. $20trillion in the .
Hate in your home is  ok?
I am not a youngster. NEVER BEFORE HAS MY CONGRESS SINGLED OUT A RACE FOR CONDEMNATION.  Shame. Lots of replacements needed in DC!
Gee, no mention of the ANTIFA or BLM?
What a gross waste of time.
Get over it.  Is BS!
It's still ok for ANTIFA TO BEAT PEOPLE  WITH AXA HANDLES  I HOPE.
Dear Mr Kaine sir u r truly an imbecile of course we all condemn hate. We sent u there to govern no politically grandstand. Now pass a law
Does that include Trump too?
He did...  More political blathering from Tim Kayne again folks!
Hell no. We are allproud Virginians! All of us
Mr Kaine, I believe we all condem White & Black & Brown & Yellow supremacy, whatever color it is, it's not acceptable,
@BetsyDeVos tweets here prove failing education of basic US Civics & Gov.  A Resolution is not a Bill, not Legislation - its a greeting card
Kaine when are you going to condem blm and antifa as tertorist groups. Since your son is in antifa
Imm sorry but don't you think that you have more important thing to do in Congress that take a vote on something thsts,obvious ?
No Tim no hate, just an ignorance on your part of the Constitution when you were Mrs. Clinton's running mate. Care to admit it here?
CNN Has Revealed the RINO/Democrat Plan To Remove The President Under 25th Amendment
Monday, August 21, 2017 6:58
Veil of Ignorance Removed: See POTUS & POLITICAL WARFARE(R. Higgins)May ‘17, Narrative “[meta] Trump is illegitimate, backdrop]he’s a racist
He does Senator!!
Yes you do Black Lives Matter a domestic terrorist organization operates in your state. Was invited to White House by Obama. Disgraceful !
Wow!! How naive. Now I know why Hilary chose you. Yes Mam! And when she and her like attacked Catholics- where were you. No where. Resign
Thank you sir!
If Huckabee Sanders doesn't think Trump should be called a racist she needs to give a reason why he's not signing the bipartisan bill.
He shouldn't   Does not include Black Lives Matter a domestic terrorist organization. Obama invited them to White House. The real racists
Tim Kaine is a great American...
glad someone tells him what everyone else knew it when it occurred!
A black man murdered 5 white men and proclaimed it was because they were white. You make no attempt to denounce black supremacy
There's plenty of hate in your state. You can't "resolve" away hate. Try for substantive legislation-it will be more appreciated.
Can't target white people. Unconstitutional. You're not targeting supremacy, you're targeting WHITE supremacy.
Can you imagine having to beg Hillary to condemn Nazis?

#TrumpsNazis #TrumpKlan

#TrumpIsARacist

#TrumpRussia
It's sad that legislation had to be written and voted on for this. Condemning racism should be inherent and unwritten.
Black Lives Matter a domestic terrorist organization operates in your state. Was invited to White House by Obama. Disgraceful !
If Trump doesn't agree/comply, will Congress then censure him? Any penalty?
Considering Potus denounced ALL hate groups immediately after charletsville! Including Antifa who was there! And violent! Potus was spot on
When will you denounce ANTIFA ? Your son is a member
Isn't your son part of a hate group?

Counties won:
Trump   2626
Hillary    487…
So you're fine that your own son could be in jail for protesting with antifa
when are you going to condemn #antifa & #altleft & #BLM
What nobody voted for white supremacy?
What's next, a vote to support motherhood and apple pie?
#DoNothingCongress
Do u condemn the violence that your son has committed in Minnesota?Y don't u condemn the violence on the far left? He'll get off he's ur son
That there was even a question whether or not condemnation would be unanimous is indicative how debased this country has become
Yeah, good use of your legislative powers... You people waste more time on worthless legislation...
How many times does he need to denounce white supremacists?
He's done it more times than you denounced antifa, which your son is a part of!
This is ridiculous.  This is actually where we are?  We have to force the President to condemn white supremacists?
Same legislation include Alt left, BLM  violence? I thought all violence was illegal already. Pass healthcare, tax reform not this BS.
You forgot the real problem makers. ANTIFA
His son was arrested demonstrating with antifa in Minnesota. If he condemns Antifa then he condemns his son. He's a hypocrite
Now sign on to #Medicare4All
Please be sure 2018 spending for the Department of Interior maintains the prohibition on killing/slaughter of healthy wild horses & burros.
We're praying that corrupt Dems like yourself, Cory Booker, Robert Menendez, Elizabeth Warren unanimously get unseated criminally prosecuted
How about making sure there is no preventable health related deaths by sponsoring @SenSanders  #MedicareForAll bill?
He will never sign it !
No politics at play here. Why not focus on helping the middle class with a tax cut instead of playing games
Problem with you Tim. You don't know the difference between a white Trump supporter and a white supremacist. Say it.
Peoblem with you Tim,  you don't know the difference between white and white supremacist.
Did they unanimously condemn AntiFA and BLM agitators as well?
Grandstanding, and a monumental waste of time.
Despite what the haters say about you, I wish you were our VP. You're easily one of the best people in government right now.

#justiceformichaelbrandel no one deserves to be tortured by police ever, once is to much please hold him accountable this is victim 5
It's commendable however there will be no sincerity. The world knows where he stands. Unfortunately not a United America.
No time for important issues huh Tim? You free loaders sure use your time and our money wisely.What a freakin' racket you got going on
Come on drop the crap don't you know 2 hurricane just it and we are hurting and you tweet this crap  shows your bias
You forgot to include antifa, blm, and your son!!

Did they also denounce the violence of the officially recognized domestic terrorist group AntiFa?
Except for your hate for Christians and the unborn.
Must be a hearing issue for you.Trump condemned "all"  violence incl WS/BLM/&Antifa/KKK!! You have yet to condemn ANTIFA. Why?
Since that was so easy, how about tackling that $20 trillion #debt!  Now that is something that will destroy us! #kickthecan
What about the hate your son spews you hypocrite.
No hate in the state also means no hate by all!  Did you condemn Antifa and BLM?  Be fair, if you really mean it.  Hate is from both sides!
Medicare for All can increase competition in the marketplace and will add more choices to citizens struggling to pay healthcare bills.
Why does congress have to urge POTUS? POTUS IS A RACIST it's been shown so u can't convince a racist to not be racist
#PutinsPuppet first splash on national stage! Charged with racist housing policy.

#KKK endorsed "their guy"
He will read another speech prepared for him and then mean tweet about it later. @realDonaldTrump
Isn't it a sad state of affairs when this seems necessary? Do we need congress to issue a statement on puppy kicking next?
And you twisted the headline ''Charlottesville Violence, White supremacy'
Day late and dollar short...
You're a hypocrite. You pretend not to know what Antifa is when your own son is a member. Antifa supports violence & hate. Condemn them too.
 Tim Kaine is so gone!

 He will be voted out at first chance!

 Gone with his crooked Hillary!
Hope so. He, Mark Warner and crooked Terry McAuliffe have made a real mess in Virginia.
You should sponsor a bill condemning the Alt-Left group your family so proudly serves, #Antifa
This already got denounced such a waste of time.
Hey @timkaine, that's great, can you work on Medicare For All now?? How about cosponsoring that?
Except for your son and his buddies as ANTIFA. Still waiting for that condemnation.
Thank you Senator
Because the good senator is against violence....
Hope they don't condemn Antifa wouldn't that be embarrassing for you having to  condemning your son's organization?
Teaching my children in #Alabama!  #NoHateInMyState
Yes you do Black Lives Matter a domestic terrorist organization operates in your state. Was invited to White House by Obama. Disgraceful !
You mean no hate unless that hate is directed at Trump, right? Hating Trump is totally fine...
We in America need such a declaration! Under GOP & Trump, we've turned the clock back 50+ years!  Sad! Sick! Very Sick!
This issue is so made up!  Honestly, the media are creating this out of nothing!  Ignore bad behavior and it goes away!
You think forcing someone to condemn something makes a difference? Though you were smarter than that. It's not what you say, its what you do
I condemn leftist and AntiFa violence in Virginia & urge you to do the same. No hate in my state! B/C you don't want to be a hypocrite.
that is total b******* Kaine and you know it you have been pushing hate in your state and everything else against Republicans
Perfect time to denounce Antifa and your son's hate . .  no hate in our country!
Now you condemn Antifa, of which your son is a member
He's done that several times you people waste time in congress. How's your ANTIFA son doing. The President has always against racism. Dope.
Try to keep up.
I VIRGINIA
First and foremost were American's.
Except for your Antifa son...guess his hate is okay, huh?
Unless the dogma lives too loudly, then we can hate right Tim? No papists in my state
Did you denounce Antifa?
Did you denounce Antifa?
Did you denounce Antifa?
Don't they protest at Trump's rallies?
Add them to the terrorist watch list. FBI infiltrate and destroy them like you have the communist and Black Panthers.
Urging the president isn't enough and you know that.
Your son is a part of the hate in America. When will you condemn #Antifa? Until then, you should avoid this subject like it were the plague.
This is the best thing I've seen all morning.  Thank you!
why don't you cosponsor medicare for all? Why are you a republican
