#Obamacare fraud http://nydn.us/19B2zP2  increases in premiums,#loss of their coverage,#loss of family doctors,#loss of full-time employment
Today, under the ACA 28 million people lack coverage. Even more are burdened with horrendous deductibles. And yet you oppose #singlepayer.
The Republican party once stood for LIFE. Now that's just an empty slogan. Isn't PRO LIFE post birth?
Mr. Werner is it true that each State recs grant then state finds ins co to provide benefits set by state? I appreciate your work & honesty
So are you saying that people in VA should put all their faith in DC and not in their local reps? Don't trust them to make own decision?
If the Republicans vote to repeal they will be in for a huge shock, next election. People are kind of partial to their healthcare...
Obama care is just plain bad.
if current proposal is so good or even good at all, why no hearings or briefings explaining it ?
It is immoral to go back. People will die. Families will be bankrupt. Find a better solution.
This pretty much says how screwed up the Republican Party is now.
GOP's healthcare plan just shows how really sick the GOP is. They think that they have been elected to kill people!
Liar!
---->
Weird that my children could die because one of our elected representatives was paid millions to kill their health coverage for profit.
Senator, meanwhile, my family and I can't visit a doc thanks to O-care. Repeal it!
DO NOT REPEAL the ACA! Please come up with a plan that fixes the parts that don't work so well.
Why does @LindseyGrahamSC vehemently deny this to reporters? He says it's garbage.
This bill will make it more expensive to cover pre-existing conditions.  Need a sustainable h/c system not a one term solution.
Gram-Cassidy. @GOP @SpeakerRyan fighting climate change by killing Americans.
I'm proud to say you are my Senator. Thank you, sir!
So isn't he technically breaking the law with his attempt to change it?
Why thank you. Time to take control of the narrative here
Thank you, Senator!  Please keep fighting for all Americans to have access to affordable healthcare!
I just can't fathom how anyone with professes to believe in the lesson of God could support just a horrific bill. @LindseyGrahamSC
People with pre existing conditions are the ones that need affordable healthcare the most
Yes, but the bill allows the insurance companies 2 charge high premiums which would make the pre-existing condition coverage unaffordable.
Under proposed new healthcare plan, Trump will no longer be able to receive treatment for his pre-existing condition of being an asshole.
THANK YOU PRESIDENT OBAMA! Now let's fight to keep it. Make the call today 202 224-3121 tell them NO to #GrahamCassidyBill
Call Senate TODAY #SaveACA
The sickest thing in US is the greed of GOP.
Idiots by any other name Graham. Cassidy
Depends what state u live in
Will Congress be required to pay the increased insurance premiums for preexisting conditions? This will hurt economy of middle class
It's not only whether there is coverage for pre-ex - it's the *additional premium cost* that would be prohibitive for so many.
I can't go back to that, really I mean come on
LIAR
I have a wonderful husband, four children I adore, and I have cancer. 

#Idontwanttodie
Laws & protetion are becoming a mute point especially as trump judicial appointments are of those that stand against the rights of the ppl.
Is this a sick ploy? At last minute they correct the preexisting conditions portion, pretend all good, then gut medicaid?
Please defeat this Bill. I have called Congressman Taylor, his staff doesn't know where he stands on this. Curious!!!!
Most Americans don't want to go back to the days before #ACA.
Making things against the law is a hobby of yours.
Just a reminder that someone can both stand up to Trump and still be a horrible person. #weseeyouGraham

As an American, I have never been so ashamed of our political process. Voting to cause harm to #WeThePeople is not why you were elected.
@SenJohnMcCain @senrobportman @lisamurkowski Stop trying to put party over people. Reject this bill like the cancer it is.
Give this bill hell. All @realDonaldTrump and Reps in Congress want to do is scrap everything that @POTUS44 did. Utterly senseless.
We seem to be "going back" on many "prior advancements" w/this administration. When ignorance & bigotry become the norm, it can be expected.
Lindsey Graham should be ashamed of himself! Access for preexisting conditions does not equal  AFFORDABILITY! That word "access"=bulls**t!
Can't. And WON'T. #Resist
Shame on Graham. We had confidence in him and now he's become a radical right Republican. #JaiLavaKusa #shameshamegraham
Thank you Senator Warner for doing your part to prevent Affordable Health Care from moving backwards.
Punch the Nazis
@LindseyGrahamSC, watching you!! If this farce is passed, will be sure that you never have access to the rights you rare denying me!!!
Graham may be in favor of covering pre-existing conditions, but it will be up to the states what is covered with less money.
WE'RE ALL HOLDING OUR BREATH WITH OUR FINGERS CROSSED- LINDSEY GRAHAM COULDN'T TELL HIS ASS FROM A HOLE IN THE GROUND - REPEAL & REPLACE HIM
#repealandreplacetheGOP
Throwing gobs of money at the war machine while taking healthcare benefits away from Americans. And we haven't even begun "tax reform".
We can not begin tax reform without seeing the presidents tax returns. Without those we won't know how his policy would enrich himself.
Exactly
Can we suit, if they do. In most cases saving us, caused our conditions? Of our now prior condition.
@LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy 

Americans need protection from predatory insurance tactics. Waivers are. not the answer
GOP WILL  THEY ARE EVIL TRAITORS AND SCUMBAGS PEOPLE VOTE THEM OUT
Please kill the odious #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
Tru dat
Thank you Senator Warner! From your constituent at 22554!
@LindseyGrahamSC  - you need to taken back of the shed and willow whipped boy, if you vote for this horseshit healthcare
in the strongest sense 

we can't unring that bell

the courts would be FULL of law suits and class actions.

it would destroy the country.
On MSNBC they showed a Reporter asking GRAHAM about the plan not requiring coverage for pre-existing conditions. It was AWKWARD! He denied
Please vote NO on this, this hurts those who need it most
Cant this ol guy go live his life not bothering mine.
Senator Graham should be shunned and vilified. Censured. #enemyofthepeople
We. Are. Not. Going. Back!!!!!!
and I actually thought Graham was a decent guy.    NOPE !
Graham, sir, sometimes you impress as an actual worthy. This is not one of those times. You are a better man than this. Please reconsider.
TRUTH!

AMERICA BE VIGILANT!

RESIST...
the GOP, 

peeOTUS TRUMP!
Its against the law to allow  illegal immigrants in this country , but you seem to be fine with that
It's enough to make you move to Nambia...
GRAHAM You know better! Shame on You! 
Get Out You Loose!
Evil Evil GOP!
Thank you for standing up for us @MarkWarner, not only in the healthcare battle but also the Russia investigation.
They're not fooling us. Our argument is not 'garbage' @LindseyGrahamSC owes @kasie an apology.
She's doing her job, he is not.
NO repeal!
They're lying about their Genocide bill! The language is conflicting & allows loopholes for unaffordable premiums! We NEED to stabilize mkt!

Agreed. 

Now make it so. 

Fight like a MF, MW!
@SenCapito @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins Are you guys listening? You should! #KillTheBill #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
My son has Crohns. Please stop this cruelness.
I'm screwed either way.
Stop the war against Americans with pre-existing conditions @SenateGOP #shameonyou
Also, financially prohibitive does not equal available.
@SecPriceMD @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy LISTEN 
2 Repub & Dem Govs (@JohnKasich Gov Ohio )
REJECT 
Graham-Cassidy Bill
 Fix  The  ACA 
@GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr  Graham and Cassidy are pre existing conditions.  How do we get rid of them?
We cannot go back to not protecting our citizens with pre existing conditions. This is insane!
Please stop this bill. #GrahamCassidyBill
Yes we can...
@LindseyGrahamSC You're willing to sacrifice lives b/c of you're selfishness & need to discredit Pres Obama. Or is it the loss of Koch funds
Fix the ACA it's the right thing to do .
Stop the bullshit senator Graham.
We're paying through nose now for insurance i have preexisting conditions what do I do next senator Graham sell my home so I can live.
If it does bring it back it can not go through reconciliation!!
If this is the best Repubs can do with da crap plan rammed down our throats by the Dems, then GOD help us. Gub'ment outta healthcare.
why does @LindseyGrahamSC hate the American people so much?
I am so thankful that Mark Warner and Tim Kaine are my senators. Thank you for caring about Virginians and health care.
Its the new improved version of Trumpcare. Essentially the same with a touch of Josef Mengele mixed in.
I was denied insurance in 2004 for my 3 yr old daughter who has congenital heart disease.Was told she was "uninsurable."#VoteNOGrahamCassidy
@LindseyGrahamSC SHAME ON YOU
It feels crazy that we have comedians speaking more common sense than politicians, but this is America 2017 edition.
Why Lindsey?
It gets the federal govt out of healthcare and puts it back on the states through block grants. No more violation of the 10th amendment.
We've been saying that a lot lately: We can't go back.
I can't conceive of a policy or Christian reason. Health insurance has to be "no-fault". Greed can't beat America....can it???
Watch them (unless someone gets in their way).
Warner will say anything to stop Republicans improve healthcare. He sat & did nothing while Comey lied & Lynch conspired to help Hillary.
Mark Warner is part of the left wing liberals whose followers wear masks. He is out to destroy Trump after helping Obama destroy the Country
This is a senator that has done everything he can to stop tax reform , health care to replace Obamacare which made promises it did not keep.
Democrat Mark Warner is a lying FRAUD who made his fortune while taking BRIBES as a Congressional aide.
Amen  we can't go back in Jesus name
We should also be able to buy house insurance after our house burns down and car insurance after we total our car.
Yes because I deserve an $18k premium and $25k deductible so that people can wait until they get sick to buy insurance.
And we will have to keep going through this every few weeks until the Democrats eventually win an election
Lies. Prey on fears. It puts it back to the states.
Heartless @LindseyGrahamSC  obviously has never had anyone in his family with pre-existing that could not afford to pay.
Why does this administration want to roll back decades of progress in everything?

This is what asthma looks like. 2boys that take medication to be able to breathe. To be able to keep their dog. They didn’t ask for it.
I hope you can fend this off yet again. I know you will do what you can. It must be exhausting. I am exhausted just watching from afar.
Help us.
We cannot go back!  We cannot open the door for Americans to die because they cannot afford HC or to go bankrupt due to HC debt.
Speaking as a mom with a daughter with cancer, we cannot go backwards on this important issue of pre-existing conditions.
Fight Mark fight. We are depending on you!
Graham Cassidy
32 MILLION lose ins w/ #GrahamCassidy. 

We cannot go back to the bad old days of fundraisers and bankruptcy.

Please @GOP...don't do this.
This is a devastating bill. Please keep fighting! Will you be at the public hearing on Mon? Need to call out the @GOP on this!
Are Dems reaching out to open minded Repubs on this? Offering support on their future HC legislation? Standing for real democracy & order?
Lie
Thank you.
FU @LindseyGrahamSC
The republicians dont like Obamacare because its called Obamacare.Political purpose to repeal.Dont care about people who will lose coverage
Look at him over the past months alone. He's not to be trusted....never
This new attack on ACA to "keep an election promise" is despicable &cynical.People who oppose should PLEDGE to vote out all who vote for it!
The campaign promise they made was unattainable without disrupting affordable health care,and should never have been made.Don't reward them!
.@SenateGOP @housegop @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @LindseyGrahamSC 

Do this & get F'ed in 2018: Justice won't be denied.

THANK YOU
coverage is not Healthcare. people with Obamacare can't afford to go to dr cause their deductible is tens of thousands of dollars.
I would appreciate ur opinions, more if u direct ur tweets specifically to the names of evil stealing Democracy from the US citzs. #Name
I oppose the Graham-Cassidy proposal, please do everything possible to make sure it fails!
If they pass this #GrahamCassidy, everyone w/ diabeties, high blood pressure, thyroid problems, etc., will be under a pre-existing category!
Why does the GOP kiss trumps ass? Or are they beholding to putin also?
Yeah, except we can. And we will with enough votes. These are terrifying times.
Is Trump a pre-existing condition? We will need our healthcare for the war with N. Korea.
Given what is in here, what is NOT considered a pre-existing condition? Contrary to the very point of insurance and pooling the population.
Husband has type 1 and relies on Medicaid. He's screwed under this 'Bill'...
I'll take care of me, you take care of you, I'll keep my hands
 out of your pocket, you keep yours out of mine
Please people stop listening to this jerk. The dems dont want obama care gone because insurance companys are paying them a fortune to keep
The dems believe citizens are fools and will believe anything they are told. Dont fall for it. All warner is doing is fear monguring
The dems have given free insurance to illegals do you really think they give a crap about legal citizens. You are being screwed for illegals
You are having to pay more so illegals get free.
Repeal Obamacare or All Senators get on Obamacare and cut out your subsidies
can we do math? That would be good so we can work out something prudent. Pricing risk should not be "against the law"
Senator Graham called the last bill fraud and wanted a score his friend saved him from voting no so now he is proposing to do the same fraud
Please keep fighting to protect those of us with pre-existing conditions! We have too much to lose!

Only forward Senator Warner...you are right!!!
@JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain - Please vote with your heart not your party !! My disabled daughter depends on your NO vote !!
If you haven't called your congressperson, do it now!!! 202-224-3121!! Speak up!!
Show me where it is written into law,  stop trying to scare people which is a typical Democrat tactic, Grandma going off the cliff too?
Is no heart or compassionate soul a pre-existing condition?

 so beautiful but they don't see it that way
This is true...sadly.  We need to start demanding this when searching for candidates.  Have a wonderful day.
Exactly, Hey Mo!
Where can we, the American people who would be affected by this plan find the most current draft to see what it exactly says.Can't find one!
Thx Senator ! Thx for fighting for average Americans
This bill can not pass! Daughter is type 1! This is serious for so many! #keepupthefight #resist
Bless your daughter @Nathanmom815. I've been #T1D since 1967 and #ACA is a beautiful thing for those w/ #preexistingconditions . #SaveACA
Thanks Laurie!!
Thx Senator !!
no idea what I will do if I'm deemed pre-existing. Domestic violence survivor. NY court system let my perp walk. I'm left in this mess.
Fight it Mark, fight it!
Please don't let this happen.
Stop the GOP in their tracks.
