@MarkWarner Pediatricians urge you to stand up for kids, families on Medicaid #DontCapMyCare #KeepKidsCovered https://ccf.georgetown.edu/2017/06/14/new-analysis-finds-uninsured-rate-for-kids-would-increase-by-50-under-ahca/ …
Dear Senator: Filibuster-by-Amendment!!!
On obamacare the middle cannot afford it and having their kids uninsured
This is the Presidency of the 1%,and really doesn't care for the 99%,especially old,young, poor, disabled, etc. Still the fascist playbook!

#adulting! Give it a try
why should they be on your insurance and for how long? creating a generation of dependancy
That's the Democrat way...it's easy to give things away when it's someone else's money.
Filibuster by amendment unless they bring out the bill, allow for constituents to read it, time for debate, CBO score and amendments!
Like the Dems did?? Look up Johnathan Gruber..that says it all. doesn't feel good when the shoe is on the other foot, does it??
You mean how Dems had hours of debate on ACA, GOP got to actually see the bill, have committee hearings and GOP amendments? 
If so concerned maybe should work w Senate on new  Bill instead of just bitchin
Or should have even worked with Republicans when ramming ACA through...Dems bitchin cause they are being treated like they treated GOP
Tru that
Filibuster by amendment!!!
That's all ur good for...
@MarkWarner votes in support of his political interest, only. Any benefit to VA citizens is purely accidental. What'd Soros tell you to do?
Same thing Pelosi tells him to do, obstruct, lie, tax, spend this country into financial ruin...destroying our kids and grandkids futures.
We need you to stop the Repubs!
If obomacare was so great the democrats would have their political jobs
Kids have already been kicked off of Obamacare!!!  Pay Attention!!!
Maybe we could stop this if Trump just showed us his taxes! #47countieshavenoobamacareinsurerin2018
Or we could blame it on George Bush...it's about time to bring that old strategy out of the closet.
Wish your R colleagues felt the same. Rather than trying 2 fix it they're intent on destroying it so the wealthy can get a tax break. #AHCA
Get a clue...the "wealthy" (earning more than $50K) pay 97% of taxes.
Get educated. The #AHCA cuts Medicaid & reduces subsidies 2 finance tax breaks 2 the top 1-2%. There's a reason R's doing this first.
That's BS. U can't fix AHCA it's flawed at the core. Low risk people will not pay higher premiums for high risk individuals..nor should they
Well we agree on 1 point -u can't fix the AHCA. But u can work on fixing the ACA. R's would rather give tax breaks 2 wealthy than try.
Yea right...like throwing grandma off the cliff. Try telling the truth once!!
Can I see the text of your replacement bill?  are you just going to let OBAMA CARE DIE?
No. We cannot!
Too late, my kids lost their insurance and doctors under Obamacare.
And how many people got "kicked off their insurance?"  Hmm?  I did, thanks to OCare!  You've become a political self-server, jerk!
Please don't let repubs and McConnell do this. The secrecy is appalling. This isn't who we used to be. We had MANY public hearings for ACA.
Yea..like Gruber said..we counted on lack of transparency(lies) and stupidity of voters to get it passed.BTW, passed on Xmas eve. Appalling?
How much do you donate every year from your millions to kids insurance?
He is a hypocritical 1%'r who does not give a damn about our kids. If he did he would not be driving this countries debt so high.
Define "kid".  Does it have a beard and live in the basement playing video games?
You got it...and votes Democrat
We can't let 93 million American  people die from guns each year ether @GovernorVA
Then get your representative to start enforcing current gun laws..
Sen Warner where is ur proof ? Don't u think it's ur responsibility 2 do more than speculate & spread propaganda? Wait...UR a Dem oh ok then
When ur agenda is to obstruct to regain power so you can tax and spend our country into poverty...the truth never matters
Thank gosh. I hope not. Please talk to your Rep. peers.. We want trans p. and committee. We want to save the ACA and adjust it to be better
Ginger...look up Jonathan Gruber regarding transparence on Healthcare...his comments say it all!!!
@LeeBeers Again ur a lier. I'm open to debate this issue.
Yes we can.  I vote to get rid of as much entitlements as possible!  My vote, u loose Marky
@LeeBeers  Virginia should screen Medicaid and make sure the people that need it get it. To many working age people not working
Dems don't want accountability...run up that debt for another uninformed vote.
Just wait till kaine runs one less democrats representing the commonwealth
Democrats are powerless and the only thing they are God for is obstructing. Whinnies
Will it ever end. U preach fear, distortion & lies every day Don't u understand the Obama Era is over.  Treat VA's with respect!!
This is my own research  not a drs.  Bloodtests without Iron smell bad don't you think ?
I also think there is something in Deli meat which bothers me.
Require Drs to put Iron  on every blood test for any patient.  BY Law.
Thank you. In a decent country all children would have "free" (taxes would pay for) health care until age 18. For everyone, no exceptions.
MRIs and C sections should much less price wise.  they appear to be 2.5 times  the correct  price
Our emergency room charged 2.5 times the MRI charge at another place down the road !Another DR. did no MRI before that for neck !
The insurance companies should show people how to eat !
The pharmaceutical ads are awfully strange !  I am not a prescription drug picker !
They seem to act more like a discount brokerage  firm  where the customer does their own research which is wrong of  any Dr. .
THe Drs appear to work more against the patient  here in  Norfolk as do everybody else.Hurry hurry Hurry & no experience.
WE never were covered on parent's insurance and it would have been good but the Drs do have to know how to tell you and ask you and defend.
You know full well this is a bald faced lie. Why can't you just tell the truth! Are you that afraid to be found out?
everybody knows you dems LIE.craw into your hole

REPORT: Anti-Trump Senator Mark Warner Made $6 Million in 2012 From Russian Tech Business http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/05/report-anti-trump-senator-mark-warner-made-6-million-2012-russian-tech-business/ …
#playhardball, #blockade, #saveourhealthcare
We urge you to tell the truth Obamacare has failed in our state. Preexisting conditions are in Medicaid stay Such a stirrer of lies
Still preaching your hysteria I see. So much for unity. You say you havent seen plan so quit feeding the hysteria
Keep up the fight Mark. Your constituents are behind you!  Proud to have u as our Senator.
even though it doubled, mine was still 5 times cheaper than before!
TROLL ALERT!  29 followers and from CA not VA
Mark,.. please stop fear mongering and get to work negotiating the bill!!
NO Dems MUST take ALL and ANY action like #FilabusterByAmendment or Shutting Congress down
I want to pay for my kids insurance not anybody else's. We can let it happen and should. We are not socialist.
Obamacare did that for us…
You want to fix healthcare then start with hospitals that charge $20k a day for a room and doctors that charge $400 for a 10 min appointment
My son has #autism. His future will be bleak if the GOP law gets passed. #1in68 #ProtectOurKids
You've been doing a fine job.  Keep up the good work.
NO YOU CAN'T 
Aw snowflake. What's the matter, your own Senators ignoring u!  Mind ur own State. 

Better yet, move to KY with the other yokels
for Americans. Can you help US(A) with that? Please Sen. Warner?
#Flipthe6th #VoteYourOssoff https://twitter.com/HybridVigorUS/status/873984547339292672 …
Please remind your colleagues that they can't be prolife if they kick kids off healthcare--or pregnant women!
Also can't be "prolife" & support death penalty & unjust wars i.e. Iraq. No 911 terrorists were Iraqis, but Saudis. Trumps sells  2 them.
So, as a Virginian, what's your plan?
As usual, I don't think he has one.
Troll Alert!  New Account, 8 bot followers. To the block pile!
But they can have $7500 deductible that their parents can't afford.
Seriously? Or is that an exaggeration?
