Trump doesn't want to tell coal miners he is spending their money on @PBS @Alt_NEArts . #wall #war #weapons
I as a middle class working 2 jobs taxpayer wants to know when the 20 trillion deficit u up in DC created WILL be addressed then
Why would we believe anything you say? You loyally supported every lie @BarackObama ever told. Just another lying Democrat.
Did you read it and model the impact on your constituents or are you just repeating what @SenSchumer told you to say?
fight the cuts to the EPA and save the bay and our rivers and lakes. Go for clean air and water.
he's cutting the bureaucracy! lean & mean gets more done w/o wasting $$$ Pay attention!! EPA got too big!!
you don't have kids or grandkids that will be having a hard time without clear air and water.
no one has seen line item numbers yet! Everyone is 'ASS U ME ing"... Right now it's his proposal,.. only!
please do something.  The American people are desperately counting on you and other sane people to prevail.
please go after him and don't let this pass. He does not have the first idea how to make America great!! 
I do not want my tax dollars paying for a wall!! We don't need a wall!! Let him pay for it
Agreed. "The wall" is shameful use of resources. Keep US safe and strong by investing in science, EPA, clean energy, State Dept
Please fight to keep funding for our schools and especially the National Endowment for the Arts!
Thank you senator for taking this stand, please insure our voices are heard.
I agree. He has already broken promises how is this budget going to make America great again?
Correct, Senator.  And that is why Congress MUST NOT APPROVE it.
He's gotta fix what your daddy did to my Navy.
The effects of DT's irrational, destructive budget may be too difficult to undo 4 yrs from now. This does NOT make America great
As a constituent I must ask you to do all that you can to block the President's disastrous budget. Too many will suffer.
Thanks for posting and standing up!
Amen.
FIGHT!!!!
Mark Warner voted for Rex TILLERSON oil billionaire. DO you really think he cares about Americans
when my household runs a deficit I have to cut out things.It's painful but necessary u guys in DC just add it to our kids future
What do you expect to someone who is supposedly wealthy via OPM...or RussiaPM (you get the IDEA)
..Senator... What is your responsible explanation for racking up 9 Trillion in more debt in 8 yrs ?
OK. What has caused more people to move out of VA than moved into Virginia for the last 3 years?
And the Understatement of the Year Award goes to: @MarkWarner
@pattirmuller if #trump goal was 2 keep his sex tape off #Russian TV, help #Putin n harm #America, how's he doing then? #resist
@awexton Thank you, Senator Warner for being a strong voice for Virginia and the USA.
U knw better!! Its called the "art of negotiation". Stop being obstructionist and get down to the business of Congress TOGETHER!
Thank you for standing up for people instead of corporate profits. Blatantly elite budget.
what will we do? So scared
Well said. And Knowingly slandering a private citizen (which Obama is) is an impeachable offense. Who will introduce Articles?
@timkaine if he would STOP wasting tax payer $ on Florida, vital programs like meals on wheels could be saved.cut spending on himself
I am very concerned about the budget, how it will affect jobs, economic growth, and the lives of many Americans. What can we do?
makes 0sense. Can't scream safety&security then cut diplomacy & aid, to say nothing of ignoring other dangers rooted in science!
budget cuts I'd like to see:  no wall, get rid oil/gas subsidies, get out of Iraq and Afghanistan for starters
@timkaine Cuts to State Dept & EPA are outrageous and so short-sighted! Most CEOs today can't see beyond next qtr!That's Trump!
everything trump does is short sighted. Dump trump.
allow State Farm to pay $3 MM for whiplash& allow Dominion Resources to pay $33MM plus interest since 11/2003, allow ODU to pay.
I think you r being to kind. It is a Disaster!  Do what you must to stop it!
agreed!!!
ODU disregarded the outdoor axing of my porche and   the walking circus stunt causing fall & impact to rightleg down one.5 mos.
then bring forth another plan
I did not do 2 mos of study until 1996
ODU disregarded all the injuries and accidents
The whiplash is worth $3million due to full employed status when it occurred and loss of ability (ie lesss than 2mos studylimit)
no whiplash happened during college before car accident.
2 mos or more of study as in college creates whiplash symptoms severe enough for medications or 2 day breaks
Tough job figuring this out.
There was no time limitation when my accident happened and whiplash stopped college also
Please help me settle these normal non subsidy responsibilities now. BIG>
A law allowing State Farm to make whiplash payments is also in the cards.
Utility law  Repairing Outages pays Settlement Tax to govt if you would write the Time limit importance Law near colleges $MMgo
@vademocrats Please vote NO on this budget or state your opposition to it, PLEASE
Thank you for serving.  I am so much calmer knowing that you are there.
Science has been key to our economy. Trump is unfunding it and attacking it. Ditto for education.
So please fight against it. WaPo today shows they care little for science/medical research. Awful choices
and pollutes our waters, ruin our parks, contaminate our food sources...I mean seriously short sighted gains...
It'll be funding a wholelotta shovel ready jobs to build that big beautiful wall!!!
Thank you, Senator Warner. So many cuts to important agencies...yet the wall is a priority ? Very misguided IMO.
That the swamp said Mexico would pay for. And now he is taking from the poor to pay for it!!
Please keep up the fight. It must be exhausting but we need you!
don't go for anything resembling a budget like that. Only hurts poor people, cuts jobs for middle class make American dream nogo
like everything else connected to Trump.
you work for my best interests not @SenSchumer
did you read it and model the impact on YOUR best interests, PAT?  didn't think so . . .
