Your actions now decide how history views you, but more importantly, the future & security of our democracy. Stand strong.
you mean Republic right?
Agreed, Senator. Please continue to press this issue and keep us up to date on the investigation.
U don't speak 4  America @HillaryClinton lost cuz we hated @POTUS LEGAZY WE DON'T WANT OPEN BORDERS & Ocare DON'T BLAME RUSSIA
thank you. Please push for a thorough investigation. #ethicsmatter #russia
A deplorable teabagger who stands by scandalous Trump ... shocking  ... #IwasntForHerEither
The threat to democracy is the DNC robbing the real winner of the primary, @BernieSanders, ensuring @realDonaldTrump the win.
keep Our democracy strong. Keep speaking truth to power.
we are a Republic.
a democracy & a republic r not mutually exclusive. Republics can b a type of representative democracy, tho not a pure democracy
Yes!Yet Trump is in UK's Independent paper already considering removing sanctions against Putin.What does Trump owe Putin?
Very proud of you for standing up for Virginians & all Americans for truth, transparency & security.
well an agent/traitor is about to be president. Stop him.
Not allowing trump to become president should be 1 of the consequences.
The 1980's called. They want their foreign policy back.
so you believe the fake news? You believe everything you hear.
you threaten our democracy by voting with #bigpharma instead of people.  http://leftgear.co/2017/01/13/pharma-13/ … #Pharma13 #lapdog
http://dailysignal.com/2016/12/14/ted-kennedy-made-secret-overtures-to-russia-to-prevent-ronald-reagans-re-election/ …  WE NEED TO BE CONCERN WITH THE DEMOCRATS ASKING RUSSIA TO INTERFERE WITH UR ELECTIONS.  .
@CarriWeatherwax Counting on my, Sen Mark Warner, of VA to pursue. What did Trump know & when did he know it abt Russian hacking
~ Still waiting to find out why you voted against lowering prescription drug costs. Sincerely, (D) in VA
Russia hacking DNC and HRC campaign proves they are unfit to lead has they can't properly protect themselves!
You have for the last 8 years.  Draw a red line? hmm
shouldn't it be threaten our Republic, seeing how we r not a democracy???? No Russian hacking but China is apparently okay.
Russia did not give wikileaks the emails and beyond that the extreme corruption of Hillary that was exposed is whats important.
Demand that Inaug & transition stop, need results of independent investigation.
like we allowed the DNC to destroy our country since 1964
our military has been embarrassed by Russian and Iran and Obama has done nothing. Time to try a new approach!
Resist #NOTMYPRESIDENT
@DumpTrump22 
#DontLetHimInTheWhiteHouse
Thank you for this. We need lawmakers to stand up to the violations of this election and the cabinet appointment processes
please keep at it! This is scary to us all. Relying on your persistence.
I can't believe people are just accepting this. Please act!
It looks like the Intel wasn`t working who`s fault is that time to hire PC Matic
Time 2 accept DNC failure 2 run a real primary for POTUS. HRC never shld've been your cand. Stop blaming Russia 4 your failure.
thank you for standing up to foreign interference in running our country.  This cannot be allowed.  #resist #TheResistance
Dems should stop being cowards, and SAY IT: TRUMP WON FAIR AND SQUARE...!
Senator, watched you on #SpecialReport did you know the nominee for #educationsecretary had her paperwork in weeks ago #honesty
Hey Mark Warner Russia did not hack Hillary's e-mails and they didn't threaten us.  My nephew could have hacked those emails
you did nothing about CHina or Mossad or anyone else, this is politics and you disgust me right now
why? The MSM pushes their influence 24/7!
keep blaming Russia? Stop been delusional and a liar THIS IS WHY YOU LOST! U ARE OUT OF TOUCH WITH THE HARDWORKING CLASS AMERICA
let's dig into the DNC leak as well. Want to rule out foul play on Seth Rich. Not saying HRC had him murdered, just rule it out
Ur pissed cause ur party could only rig primary election & not the general. Only 1 person caused me 2 change my vote...Hilary.
this is laughable! Consequences?? Now????!
you disgust me mr warner. There is no honorable in your title. You barely won re-election. YOU do not represent us Virginians.
This makes me laugh so hard. The whole Country laughs each time you say Russia. Flawed corrupt Killary
Got a news flash for you, pal.  My mind was made up long before any mention of Russian hacking.
What we can't do is have a candidate to collude with the media to manipulate an election. Russia publishing facts is a non issue
they don't threaten our democracy. I call for an independent evaluation outside of the BHO administration. There is no trust.
how did they threaten our democracy? That is bs, @HillaryClinton lost because she was a failed candidate. This is garbage
#swampdweller #fakenews
Senator we need you to dig out and reveal the truth, and take action on behalf of all Americans.
That starts with digging our collective heads out of our collective asses entertaining this specious narrative.
Translation: We can't admit the failure of the Democratic establishment without first trying our darndest to scapegoat Russia.
We cannot allow the #DNCLeak to be attributed to Russia until we find the truth about the murder of DNC staffer #SethRich.
right. Who doesn't agree ?
We couldn't allow Iraq to develop WMDs either, and we spent trillions to find out that they weren't after all!
Thank you Senator Warner for helping to protect our Democratic Republic.  I am a native Virginian with Jamestown roots.
We're not a democracy. But you know that...
Muh Russia

Seth Rich was murdered for leaking DNC docs

You risk WW3 for personal gain
