RT to spread the word  Hearing MONDAY on #GrahamCassidy. You can submit comments for the hearing record to gchcomments@finance.senate.gov
I have been in ins industry 30yrs I have never read a plan so draconian, if this was contract I would NOT sign unless I wanted people to die
Any Republican who votes to throw 20m Americans off healthcare will eventually have "Party before Country" inscribed on his/her headstone.
I Plead with senate NOT to pass this bill.  This hurried bill is being put through only for the sake of a campaign promise.  It will hurt
I support a bipartisan effort to FIX Obama care, NOT repeal/replace
urgent- Graham says he has the votes.
When EVERYONE has access to healthcare EVERYONE prospers. More ppl working, more ppl pay taxes, more $ spent, more production, higher GDP.
Healthcare must be AFFORDABLE to be effective. Coverage for ALL will reduce costs for ALL, improve emergency care for ALL.
Disabled, on fixed income. Lose ins./rx we'll die. Preexist. condit. & insurers can charge anything. Need = care!
As a mom whose young adult daughter was born with serious heart problem, Republican replacement of ACA would kill her!
I emailed them yesterday! I hope someone is really reading our comments.
So did I, but now I'm worried I shouldn't have because these tweets don't say anything about this. Does what you said comply with this info?
Penalizing people with pre-existing conditions is wrong. We need bipartisan fix for ACA @SenateFinance Graham-Cassidy is the wrong approach
Been covered by employers all my life. Now, laid off, paying for self and spouse. Money running out. 54 yo cancer survivor. Terrified.
Also, alot of people staying in bad jobs and bad marriages just bc of health insurance. It is shaping our whole lives. Survival.

@SRuhle @AliVelshi @AriMelber @maddow @mitchellreports @MSNBC @CNNPolitics @wolfblitzer @ChrisCuomo @nytimes @WSJ @USATODAY @SenateGOP @hill
Done and thank you for providing the information.
Fix the ACA, don't destroy mine and millions of others' healthcare to get more money from your donors, crooked Republicans and crooked Don
Stop the Graham-Cassidy bill!
I just submitted a statement via email on your US Senate site. Thank you.
So did I, but now I'm worried I shouldn't have because these tweets don't say anything about this. Does what you said comply with this info?
Done.
GOP belongs in jail, except for John McCain.
Done.
Done. Hope it helps. In a country where the citizen voice is supposed to be valued, I am feeling pretty helpless right now.
FIX #Obamacare, lower drug prices, make it Affordable,for everyone.We deserve better care. Don't destroy a good bridge make it better.
AMEN!!!!
Why debate now? Seems a little late. And debating is not the same as dialog that goes with problem solving. Does Congress need training??
Have you been following?  Repubs don't even want to talk about it. Yes, Repubs need training.
Donors to @GOP are calling shots for this bill! Rep's MUST R&R! Medicaid cuts to fund wealthy 1% tax cut!! Trump just wants 2 kill  BO's ACA
Bipartisan work should be done to repair ACA. NO, to ACA repeal and cruel partisan hack to health care. Stop insurance co. and pharma lobby
There must be a replace that's better than what we have now.  Where's trump's big plan?
ACA does NOT have to be replaced!! Needs work, yes, but fix it in a bipartisan way! Obama said it would need work! Don't start over!!!!
Done. Thank you for putting that out there.
A ridiculous bill with its supporters relying on a disinformation campaign for justification. Can the right answer be anymore obvious?
Yes, average Americans can't afford Obamacare. U guys lied, keep your doctor, plan, and it goes down, hc. All lies, liar, liar. Repeal it...
Since when have our voices meant anything 2 Congress?  What about those suffering w Obamacare.U shud be ashamed.u think BO cares? U r a fool
I sent my statement opposing #GrahamCassidy
Why no debate in committees and why amendments not being considered. Why the rush?
done!
Are there going to be amendments offered like there were on an earlier trumpcare bill?  My daughter and I need healthcare bc we have HHT
For Gods sake pass the damn bill! Wake up you're killing us out here. Obamacare is a nightmare! It's not about you, it's about Americans!
I just did thank you fur posting this
The Senate does not care.
BOTS ARE OUT ON THIS LINE
How do I do it?  Just a tweet withe the #?
Done.
Done!
DONE!
This #GrahamCassidy bill will only harm my family by costing more, and not providing affordable healthcare. I sent my email.
Thanks @MarkWarner. I made my voice heard. #GrahamCassidy
Marky why don't you put forth a bill that requires you senator's to take what ever health care your pushing off on the masses
PLEASE DON'T PASS THIS HATEFUL BILL.  it will hurt too many.  Come on guys work together. You're smart people. Figure it out together!
@morethanmySLE
@RonWyden pass #GrahamCassidy
Oh look another bot e similar lion head
I have congestive heart failure. This bill will kill me and millions more. Don't do it.
No it won't! You've been lied to!
Don’t have the debate. Do It on the senate floor where it belongs.
Finally do your job or quit and I will take your job.
Dems ruined healthcare. Now dems and republicans need to fix it. Dump Obamacare and start over!!!!!
Thank yo for this info. I live in KY & called McConell but office not taking messages.  I submitted my opposition thru this email.
My statement:  you and everyone in government MUST be placed on AHC program. #asshats
Women's health care is real important. Doesn't everyone have a mom, or a sister, or an aunt?
Done!
When the AARP, AMA, and all the other stakeholders say No, it's obvious the bill is awful.
Please clarify effect on those with pre-existing conditions and definition of what a pre-existing condition is. Motherhood? Depression?
Road rash?  Stroke?
I have employer provided insurance and still think that the whole of society is better off when all have access to affordable health care.
I'm willing to speak up for the trolls and bots and people who don't know any better.  Latest poll? 20% support?  No mandate.
Really?  How about ALL 50 Medicaid commissioners oppose?  I rest my case.
The trolls are in here, bigtime.
what would your mother think? what about your dad or granddad? & always remember your grandma... frail and in need of good care at the end
Repeal Obamacare
Repeal Obamacare!!!!!!!!!
You are a bot... Go away
I'm working on mine. I keep crying though. #IWasHealthy .#IAmAPreExistingCondition
Same here. #IWasHealthy until I was diagnosed with Hodgkins lymphoma. Chemo, radiation, & immunotherapies can easily exceed #LifetimeLimits.
Each time congress has voted for repeal, they have exempted themselves so that they can keep Obamacare.
They have their own healthcare insurance.
