I would rather paper cut my eye balls then listen to the crooked ass left
LIAR
MARK YOU ARE A HYPOCRITE AND A LIAR.
All of you just stop it with it being "Mean"
It's Cruel.
Hateful.
Callous.
Greedy.
Spiteful.
Mean doesn't cover it.
@Potus @politico You and your party are FEARMONGERS! All you do is play on peoples fears. Your party needs to stop being part of the problem
Why is your face so red?
Drunk.
I am also appalled that Pres Trump just blamed Pres Obama for the murder of the young UVA student in North Korea. Seriously.
Changing the subject, how many prisoners are murdered in our prisons every year by guards or other prisoners?
Get em Mr Warner ! Go for universal health care for all  and stop going back n forth with every 8 yr cycle it"s the only way  put all us1st
Repeal and replace
This guy is a joke...what an embarrassment
Worse: Your support for the ACA, which you hoped would destroy the insurance industry and leave no choice but a 1-size-fits-all gvt policy.
You stuck us with obamacare! You have $260 million in unhidden assets alone. You have premium healthcare WE pay for!
Obamacare scored worse then GOP plan 27 mil , Ryan plan 24 mil , house plan one 14 mil you sent caskets you got Obamacare lite 23 mil
Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Greetings Ms Clock
Thank you Mark for all you do
Please do not attach your hate message to my tweet
Marky ur brain isnt working very well.  Trump is trying to fix this Obamacare problem.  u libards r fighting him 100%. we need OC to fail!
No he isnt.
He is, but I wish he would just let it completely implode.  not 1 repub voted for it and we were not even allowed in their closed door meets
u r delusional Trump is not trying to fix it and with the sabotage he has forced the implosion.... who is "we"?
OCare was failing way before Trump announced he is running.  Where have u been? So it's true, libtards r under informed. Tune into @FoxNews
Instead of complaining about Republicans where is democraps solution to skyrocketing premiums? Congress is worthless! Fire them all!!
NOT ONE WORD THO WHEN MILLIONS GOT CANCELLED OVER OBAMACARE..
DemocRATS are enemy of the country F Hillary criminal Pelosi is liar impeach Pelosi and Schumer their place is prison
My Senator! Thank-you, Mark Warner!
Is rammed through in the same fashion Obamacare was....! Liberal are creepy.
You know what's creepy? Watching as Liberals attempt to feign shock and disappointment as Trump's replacement to non-sustainable Obamacare
No typical lying they are kicking off preexisting like you did to seniors
Make them give both fair air.
You are awesome Sen Warner. Don't give into the News stations and talk about Russia 1st, make them talk about Med 1st then Russia.
Make up your mind, is it being done in secret or not? Now you know? I didn't think it was done yet. You people confuse me
I would say that it is more than mean IT IS MURDER!!!!
Call it Obamacare or anything you like just get it done before I die!
Please stop them, Senator!
All of you responding with your thanks, should remember this is a gov which killed Native Americans with smallpox in blankets
All of you responding with your thanks, should remember this is a gov which infected its own airmen with syphilis to see what would happen.
Government never belonged involved in healthcare. If it hadn't violated Constitutional bounds, it wouldn't be involved in kicking off
Driving premiums through the roof and deductibles even further, and then fining people who can't afford it, is that mean?
That isn't the truth though is it? Pre-existing conditions are addressed and covered.

Fight hard, Senator Warner!
#Gone2018
Love u man!!!!
As your constituent, I appreciate all you're doing.
So is making them pat $821.55 a month to only be able to see a declining pool of doctors. #aca is anything but affordable.
Could you not get a policy outside of the ACA? Don't get offended I'm just wondering and chose to ask u. Thanks in advance.
But what the heck. We'll do it anyway.
I watch you in Senate hearings you are such a small man
I just marvel how all politicians lie and do it to point they don't care about truth
Mean has several meanings.
Or this. @NancyPelosi "we have to pass the bill to see what's in it". That was okay wasn't it.....again #hypocrite
and make Whiplash categories based on peoples capabilities versus losses from whiplash including generating our  income from settlements.
Thank you Senator Warner for standing up for us!
@realDonaldTrump You finally got something right! Trumpcare is just going to be MEAN! And Americans will pay dearly!
A Rare Moment of Truth from him
Seeing those two words 2gether doesnt look, feel or sound right, is oxymoron, he's a clever thief, a Grifter bamboozling aNation
Worse than that, it is cruel, sadistic and un-Christian
Thanks for all your hard work. Mad luv from the 757
there's another meaning for mean when used in this context.  Like sick in today's jargon means great!  Get back to this century!
You strike me as a Good man Mr Warner
Thanks for your efforts. Ignore the ignorant trolls.
Your words may incite people to violence. Have you learned nothing.
Eliminating government subsidies is not kicking citizens off health insurance. Focus on reducing premiums.
I would suggest he supports this and is just saying "mean" to provide cover for himself if the rep plan doesn't go over well.
Yet he CELEBRATED IT WITH THE HOUSE PASSAGE
Kudos to Senator Warner
Your HEAD is too big for that screen. It kind of looks like Mt.Rushmore.
The DemonRats are MEAN and RESISTING everything for the call of "Drain the Swamp" !!!!
You're telling lies to the American people. Do you remember the date and time you sold your soul to the devil?
Once more fear baiting. When you get the bill and know whats in it then make comments. Your people are going to die is getting old.
Go check your business dealings with Russia you may be loosing some money
What are you doing to save healthcare for millions of Americans?
U r amazing!  Thank u for all u r doing!
Mind your own State.  Oh, wait. You're in DC without a Senator, but don't worry.  Your AG just sued Trump, so there's that.  #knuckleheads
Need to know basis on healthcare bill my ass. As an American, I am entitled to know what's in it. #RevealTheBill. @SenateGOP
We know how Obamacare was used to gather info for disgusting purposes. #GAMEOVER #NEANDERTHALS ON BOTH SIDES!
It's diabolical in my book.
American Morgue Act
@SenateDems I call it INHUMANE. Just described Trump & GOP to a T
Also mean to force someone to buy a product they don't want or fine them if they choose not to buy it.
Also mean to force taxpayers to foot the cost of the inevitable emergency room visit of someone who doesn't carry health insurance.
But with a $5000 deductible the taxpayers are gonna pay it anyway.
The system needs work, which is what the current bill should be about, not simply cutting all gains made in insuring citizens.
At least we agree its broken. But gov't makes everything more complicated and expensive. We should be able to shop health ins. like car ins.
Govt can be done right, if effort is made. Am appalled that current efforts aren't toward cost control and maximizing citizen protections.
None of them want to give up power. Thats why I want gov't out of it. Let me choose how to spend my money.
I'D BE HAPPY TO LET YOU GO WITHOUT INS. JUST DON'T FORCE THE REST OF US TO PAY FOR YOU WHEN YOU NEED IT AND YOU WLL.
Thank you Sir!
What is mean is that I have to live in pain because thanks to OCare I cannot afford to USE MY INSURANCE (via employer!) for surgery.
I don't understand. How does Ocare effect you insurance thru your employer?
All out of pocket has to be paid up front b4 ins pays; premium costs went up due to all the mandatory stuff covered; deductible tripled.
Oh i see deductibles. I get it..
Just stop bitching I hope you are not sitting waiting on the GOP. Do your job. come up with a plan that is fair for all.
Just a reminder since you have been elected you work for both party's. So do your job. If you cant or wont, then don't run next election
You know what's also mean Mark, giving benefits to illegal aliens while veterans live on the streets
you know what else is mean? trump cutting healthcare to vets
Thanks for your continued support!
....only ones happy with BarryCare are the millions of those added to Medicaid. No cost!
But it's OK to place people into high deductible and high copay policies that keep people from using their insurance....
I have one of those with an HSA  I LIKE THE OPTION thru my employer
