
This make a good case Y WE need #Singlepayer B/C #Healthcare is a Right Not a Privilege!
You don't know what a "Right" is. But keep Obamacare. Just let me buy insurance on openmarket like I do car/insurance. Keep Ocare if ulikeit
UR the Type of person Who only cares about himself & could care less about UR Fellow Citizens in need!
I want all my fellow citizens to have freedom. Freedom is freedom to succeed and freedom to fail. You want to dictate to me. I don't want to
Im 4 My Fellow Citizens 2 Have #HealthIns Provided BY the #GOVT from the #Taxes WE Pay! #singlepayer
Congress should pass law: "In America, it shall be legal to sell health insurance on the free market. This law supersedes all other laws."
There is no free lunch.  Want healthcare?  Get a job! #HealthcareBill
yet ironically, the senate bill waives requirements that even LARGE businesses provide insurance to their employees.
Since when did a post-World War II perk become required?  People can use the money they earn from their job to pay for their healthcare.EASY
what if the money they earn doesn't let them buy a plan that covers their pre-existing condition?
Figure out a way to earn more money to pay out of pocket for your medical expenses.  Why is govt stealing my money to pay for others? 

Bad!
if a someone working fulltime at a minimum wage job can't afford insurance and goes to ER, guess who pays for it?
If our leaders had any sense, we would attach that medical debt to those using the ER w/o paying and eventually send them to debtors prison.
and whose money pays for prisons?
You’re listening too much to lefty hot takes.
Know ur history
Like Russia influencing the election. That is a real news.
Why oh why would anyone listen to what you have say.  In the first place this is a draft, up for discussion. Discussion not obstruction.
Keep pushing Joe
So does @realDonaldTrump finally step up and show some leadership to get what he promised done or just sign whatever he gets for a "win"?
ACA is just big pay off to health insurance cos. United healthcare stock up 6x since ACA. Dow up only 2x. And no help for poor
And has yet to keep even 1 promise in 6 months  but who's counting.
Yes it will and Trump said it's going to be GREAT!
#Trumpisaliar
The man is an intolerable monster. We must do all we can to defeat him, McConnell, Ryan, their cronies and their hate-filled agenda.
Not slashing medicaid just slowing it down not surprised joe. #Fakenews
More trump lies
yeah and obama promised that you will keep your own doctor and the premiums will go down lol
This is the worst!!!
What do you expect from a compulsive liar?
I didn't think I could lower my expectations any further. My fault.
He will sign whatever. He wants a win and he doesn't care about people.
Oh, how I hope you're right! Surely there are at least 3 Republican Senators who have integrity and care for all Americans!
Bahahahahaaaaaaaaaa!    oh....you were serious.  
I just saw now there are supposedly 4.  I'll take it.  
He fits in as a politician

Sounds like great ways to get the market back into healthcare Joe. You for or against?
Debt spiraling out of control! What do u suggest?
ACA not without its problems, one of the biggest is they made it too easy to sabotage.
#MAGA Make America Gullible Again P.T. Trump Rocks!
Flip it: Trump promised repeatedly to voters he'd NOT raise deductibles, cut coverage, or slash Medicaid. The GOP bill does all the above.
You've read the bill already.
Why did @GOP wait until after Tuesday's elections to bring this plan to light? Because they would've LOST! Clearly a Clandestine Autocracy!
And every single #SenateRepublicans will vote for it with very little changes. Maybe a comma move or a word change.
It also kills grandparents, poisons children and beats puppies & kittens. Just admit you'll malign EVERYTHING from this administration.
Are you calling Trump a liar? You better hope there aren't any tapes proving otherwise!
This cannot pass!!! Those who vote for it will be gone next election.
.@JoeNBC it's your party's wet dream. Now abt that dead intern in your office...
Joe is clueless and a leftie now..Grown ups need to fix Obama's mess somehow! Need to curb Medicaid's growth as ACA is crumbling!
Joe has seen the light!!!
The fundamental question is can you get elected by making 95% of the electorate pay for 5% of the electorate's health problems
The Establishment is angry, stopping at nothing to take down OUR @POTUS. We're fighting back.
pic.twitter.com/kunmvKl2GVliberal
'our potus' how sickening you would claim him, he isn't 'yours' he belongs to Putin....
I agree.  Maybe he's Putin's brother??
Are Americans FINALLY going to realize that they are literally fighting for their lives?
That's a great question. Unfortunately, I think it depends on how @FoxNews and other GOP propaganda outlets cover it.
This is why we need our own news out lets
Yeah, it's called the news. Subscribe to @nytimes @washingtonpost and @business who are all doing fabulous jobs. Also, @MSNBC
yes a great job reporting their new not our new. New in my community in black communities.
Can't believe I'm retweeting and loving @JoeNBC at present except when he interrupts @morningmika That pisses me off :(
They didn't even read Obamacare they just pushed it through?
He's lied about just about everything else too!
GOP health care bill is called the "Better DIE QUICK  Reconciliation an  Wealthy-care Act 2017"will make USA the most deadliest country.SAD!
Trump voters only care that liberals hate the bill. When they discover that they're losing coverage in a few years, they'll blame Pelosi.
Don't forget blaming Obama, too. I'm still seeing that one all the time.
These people get what's coming to them. They voted for him so they deserve it!
Great. Buy your own insurance.
The lunacy of this thread is hysterical.
Trump knows that some American voters like being lied to, and are masochists. Those voters will no longer have coverage for their masochism.
And the current program is running flawlessly? Triple digit premium growth, incr deductibles & insur cos withdrawing causing it to implode.
Its failing because R's & Insurors made it tougher, just like they promised they would.Priority for R's was get in the way, & blame Obama.
He never meant any of it. 70% of his statements have been at least mostly false. His voters don't care though. Jump from one lie to next.
"Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame." -Benjamin Franklin
Yeah. No shit Sherlock he lied. And your party is a collection of sociopaths.
have you not realized that he is liar. A big fat liar he is going to destroy this country
You do realize Obamacare did all of the above and gave us worse coverage. "You can keep your doctor"
My wife had to drive 20 mikes for a mammogram in the NYC suburbs
He literally said: "I will make all your dreams come true".
He was talking to the Koch Bros.
Koch Bros never supported Trump.  What are u talking about. This is why we have fake news. Things like this are just thrown around as facts
So to #MAGA: end essential health care bens in 2019; deny pregnant women coverage + give $ to Health care execs? #HealthcareBill #Trumpcare
Could you imagine a young family getting medical care broke for having a child?Elderly on a fixed income having the rules change at 60?#maga
None of them want to imagine real life consequences. It's easier to think of us as numbers on a page while businesses are their bankrolls.
Yes, I do think this is part of the problem, @empiricalgirl
So, do you know the names of children you're paying for thru adulthood? How many?

Really?
really what? that trump lies? yes really...when does he lie? whenever he's awake
Isnt that the truth! our liar & thief .. ugh, unfortunately
Both Obamacare and Trumpcare are disasters. We need a select group from both sides to work together & put together a good plan. Never happen
ACH can work with a single payer system like Medicare but opposition did not want it to work. This plan hurts avg Americans helps rich. Sad
ACH premiums have gone up 100% in some states, insurance companies are leaving in droves. The alternative hurts Medicaid patients. Both 
That's what I am saying. Had we the single payer system this would not have happened
I agree with the concept but how would it be funded?
The original ACA described it. Congress was against it (it's just like Medicare). Lobbyists bought Congress
And yet his supporters won't hold him to it, nor will, obviously the current GOP Congress. Until, perhaps the real pain becomes apparent
But would the low information trump voters care?? nah....#MAGA #GOP
Peaceful protesters in fucking wheelchairs are right now being dragged out of the Capitol. Government has become cruel and unaccountable.
No one has seen it, but you have all the facts ,  more BS fake news...., keep those hits coming.

You need to stop with free market solutions.  Markets dont work on healthcare.  If you could know the costs, would u check? Or go with trust
Trump thinks he'll get away with his NYC antics nationwide. Can't keep promises of you have no principles
Hey, Joe got one right! Trump also said it would be terrific, it's not, in fact his hyperbole has been reduced to "very good."
I wish their stupidity could effect just them
will his supporters wake up and smell the "ro..., er, swamp" before it's too late?
Joe, when are you going to get it? He doesn't care, all that matters, ONLY thing that matters is himself and a W.
You still believe what comes out of his mouth???
And it's not doing that LIAR CHOICE OF WORDS CUTS MEAN NO INCREASE
Thanks Joe. I remember you were one of his "fluffers", helping to put that shit stain in the WH. You have a lot to atone for, keep at it!
@JoeNBC Sellout, been hanging around Mika too long. Another BS sound bite about a comprehensive bill to replace ObamaCare.
More disgusting lies.  Why is he getting away with breaking the laws and constantly lying?  He needs to be stopped.  


All they care about is removing Obama name off Healthcare so they can give rich a tax break.
Lets see the bill first.Then make your decision. ...
Mean-er.
Treating poor, sick & vulnerable in a cruel manner has always been GOP mantra. Only the level of cruelty differs. So much 4 being PRO-LIFE.!
Why does anyone expect Trump to keep campaign promises?
Stressed??
And I distinctly recall you saying how smart and kind he is during the campaign. Thanks for the great insight.
@DearAuntCrabby t-supporters DON'T care if they lose healthcare, they've got LOVE in their  for trump
Join the Dems. Mika will be pleased.  #traitorJoe
Just like he said he had tapes of Comey!!!
#45 is a deplorable liar.
You fell for the con job and have been fully introduced to the liar.
He's a fucking pathological liar. This isn't news.
Real republicans understand the need to let the states control
And that's really the key as to how the press should cover Trump, isn't it? To find out to whom Trump is really speaking.
For example, when he says poll watchers, he really means hackers And or colluders.
Cannon-fodder to keep them voting and donating to him. His message, however, is targeted to contractors, hackers, law enforcement, etc.
Has Joe really read the bill?
*Gasp* Are you saying Trump lied?
Luh you Joe, keep on keeping it real.
Are you saying President Trump is capable of telling untruths? Blasphemy I do declare!
He's a lying piece of 
"It's going to beautiful health care. Believe me."  What a blatant sham.
And they reply: Trump! Trump! Trump!
He lies
Yeah, so, if it will make his buddies more rich & fuck the most vulnerable over he'll do it. Why are people still surprised?
Surprised?
I am going to go out on a limb and said he lied. Just like his Comey tape lie.
Million Dollar Question: What's your point??
Unfortunately he will do anything, say anything to advance his own personal agenda.  He has no integrity
Do you actually believe @realDonaldTrump has read this bill or any this year? Trump lying? Who would have predicted it? #conman24/7
LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR
But this doesn't matter, this kind of stuff used to be big news"read my lips", false promises and double speak are now acceptable
Keep your obamacare ....gruber got ya.....lol
Bull shit... there is know way you read it, analyzed it, and calculated the claims you just made..  and you wonder why we don't trust
Better for the rich at least.
You mean he lied? No, can't be! 
Hey, Joe maybe you can get ur colleagues to stop lying about it.  Ppl can die just cuz repubs want to win or hate Obama
He told us he'd show us his tax returns, too, and that he probably had some tapes of Comey somewhere. Can't believe you believed DT.
Surprised? From the biggest know liar on the planet....hmmm. what's that make the people who believed him? The biggest??
So I thought NO ONE had read the bill? Guess Joe got a copy from his famous anonymous sources
Fear mongering
When are they going to think about the American people?  I'm disappointed
this is politics @ its crudest form. hatred of Obama by R led to this debacle. this will cost the R's dearly IMO..why not let AHCA fail 1st
Shame..shame..shame
Deductibles SHOULD be raised. Only way to decrease overall costs
What? Trump lied? Unthinkable.
What a shock, he lied.
Trump: Repealing Obamacare Is Going to Be ‘So Easy’

You are so dishonest!!!! You don't even know what's in the bill.
@tedcruz promises low premiums for catastrophic care that covers nothing  #winning
Thank you Mr. Republican policeman
And yet you and Mika gave him a year's worth of free media, Joe.
Your re-education is irrelevant, your criticisms 18 months too late.
@realDonaldTrump Where is your promise to the voters #magaMYass
Bwahahaha and his fans believed him. 
His promises are empty, convoluted and bought by the cultists who worship him.
Broken promises are the least of his sins.
Jst like everything else he said, it was BS. Damn shame his Trumpkins are to blinded by their hate for the previous, black, president to see
He hasn't RINO.
Did they consider the possibility no one will even buy this garbage insurance? Then what?
Maybe those who think it's not cutting Medicaid and raising deductibles might need to take a remedial reading class.
And provides $2B and *only* in FY2018 and nothing else, to battle opioid crisis.
Can't promote leniency for drug offenses....and then expect the general public to foot the bill for the subsequent addiction crisis
This is where there is another round of shock he would ever lie.
@robreiner omg you mean trump lied?!
With 23% of the population on Medicaid, this needs to chg.  Good paying jobs & cost containment are the answers. #HealthcareBill
Did u really believe him....
You forgot RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
@realDonaldTrump lies constantly. Why would you have ever even believed that?
He promissed a lot of things
You need to do some investigation. In the New Orleans area it costs $5,500. per month for seniors in a nursing home/paid by Medicaid.
so much promise breaking.
And don't forget the tax cut for the wealthy as if it wasn't already awful enough.
Once again Insurance that does nothing!!!
Democrat "Talking Points".
Yep. #TrumpLies
You treated him like he was credible from the very beginning.  You enabled him.  Will not forget.
How would anyone know it raises deductibles ??  What a crock of shit
.....and your a clown for repeating that hot garbage. Did u have a meeting with all the ins co. CEO's
Got something better, Joe? Just like Trump u will find pleasing everyone is impossible. Bill not complete, u know that.
Shut up please.
Did he also promise his voters he would cut taxes for the wealthy? Did any of the Rs in Congress promise this to their voters?

And you know this for sure?
Trump the Liar! What else is new? 
he lies.
If Joe can see the injustice of the GOP Healthcare plan then it should be obvious to everyone.
When Joe Scarborough accuses someone of being too mean spirited and greedy, you know that person is a royal a**hole
Yeah, and you helped normalize him during the election, so thanks for that.
My favourite part is the new tax bill will discontinue allowing the deductibles to be tax deductible and forget about working overtime sad
Time to pull the sheet over your party, pal! It's done!
He is doing more good for our country than you could ever do. What's your contribution exactly?
Well what do you expect from a compulsive liar.....
Here it is:
I was the first & only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid. Huckabee copied me.
SECRET 13 male gop WHITE ONLY DEATH PANEL presents massive TAX CUT plan disguised as healthcare THAT WILL CHOOSE  rich,THEM OVER "U.S," LIFE
He lied.
Because he's very selfish and he doesn't care about the voters only cares about himself
And O said keep your doctor and plan
Absolutely outrageous...
Filthy rich scum (Mercer, Kochs, etc) just want poor people to die in the streets, Rober Mercer BB owner said so himself.
He lied as he does every day,He gets a tax cut for his self and his children
GOP pundit called all Medicaid "welfare" today on @MSNBC. Seniors in nursing homes? Is Grandma a welfare queen? Are these GOP values?
No. No. Yes.  Social Security & Medicare will be next on the chopping block.
