Dude (@realDonaldTrump) reads at 3rd grade level.He probably didnt know what he was signing.His staff probably put funny drawings in it.
That girl got hit hanging out with Antifa thugs beating on the guys car with baseball bats!
It's called mental illness Senator. Get used to it. It's with us until you remove him from office!
He is such a hypocrite & liar. Nothing he says or does can be trusted or believed. It's all just trumpery.
Some of Trump's voters will never get it, fighting Nazis who killed millions don't = Nazi fighters regardless who they are.
Constant tightrope walk, trying to keep the lunatic fringe placated.
Once a fool always a fool, believe me.
PLEASE do not tell me that you seriously think this piece of paper is going to stop whats going on???? SMH
.
"Antifa...Antifa.."
The way #Trump talks you would think #Antifa ran over pedestrians & blew up the Federal Building in Oklahoma City
:):):) Nawwww...We're burned out and fried from this #45 INSANITY:) Ur cool:):)
USA White Supremacists are giving USA resources to Euro Nazi groups in ID theft to benefit theft and murder threats.
.
Antifa PROTECTED people in #Charlottesville 
Violent #Nazis & #KKK thugs had guns & other weapons
#Antifa  & #BLM  don't wear guns!
WTF?!
He signed it in private which means he doesn't care or support what it says
He’s a politician. You ALL equivocate.
Too many competing voices underneath all that hair!
Emerging threat of Euro Nazi groups stealing vulnerable USA SS#'s as a form of murder threats to Senior Disabled on Black Market.
He doesn't know what he is signing look at some of the stuff travel ban clean water know the coal mines can dump sludge etc.
Might be because you're a fucking liar about what happened, and he knows it. 

Anyone who watches video of it all fucking knows it.
We all have a right to hate.  I hate it when AntiFa attack those who are expressing their civil rights.
I like the ad from Marriott Hotels regarding ppl treating ppl with respect and compassion. The GOP should adopt such a policy.
You know 45 was absolutely furious at whichever adult in the WH made him sign it.
denouncing .....and other hate groups just exactly who is included in the other hate groups. ALL SIDES WERE WRONG IN WHAT HAPPENED IN CVILLE
I agree with all groups noted but if your going after violent racism then BLM needs to be included. They are racistviolent and destructive..
example Ferguson & St.Louis I dont recall that after the Simpson trial. People do what they do because they are allowed to. BLM Name=Racism
Antifa was in Charlottesville to commit violence against people trying to hold a peaceful rally. They weren't there to "protect" anyone.
Resolution and video state "domestic terrorist attack".  @Lawrence saying "terrorist" muted in video. Why/by whom?
PLEASE SUPPORT A 3 TERM LIMIT FOR CONGRESS, NO MORE LIFELONG POLITICIANS!
Ya it didnt take long for him to push back
A dog whistle wouldn't be so loud.  He's like a repetitive megaphone.  Turn him off!
This clown is who you use to push your point? Antifa was not there to protect anyone.
Perhaps a stronger censure...or just impeachment would be great
Yes, that is Trump-speak to let his base know he was politically forced to sign it but doesn't agree with it, right DT. @realDonaldTrump ?
How can you be proud, YOUR JOB is only partly done.  ANTIFA, BLACK LIVES MATTERS must be stopped. Did you watch videos? ANARCHY ALL AROUND.
because he's bi-polar
Who cares? They were almost all leftists and FBI. It was a setup. Move on.
Remember, everything he says is void of intent and sincerity.
Good job on your 6th grade level resolution. Try getting some real senator work done one of these days
MSM has sand for brains.
You are a very bad and divisive man.  And a very small man. Alinsky lives in you!
He denounced all troublemakers. Those who didn't now own Antifa w nails in flagpoles ( pictured) next election. PA one stabbed police horse
Resolution has no teeth anyway, and what's the end goal? Making speech or opinions illegal? Otoh, which grp committed most recent violence?
Pleased Mark Warner is against hate groups. Unfortunately he is still a demagogue. There, how do you like it?
Just another example of how members of Congress waste time on worthless issues. More important things to worry about #DrainTheSwamp
Glad you did this @MarkWarner but you cannot change what is in @realDonaldTrump heart
Good grief. It's never enough with you. Stop wasting our time!
I am sure he does not know what "equivocate" means. Please simplify your vocabulary so he can understand. Sad but true I'm afraid.
Was antifa or BLM mentioned in it?
He had too
How's the Russian thing going?
So a back handed thank you.  A leader would be above that..
Lies lies democrates are the ones behind all the hate. They are losing power and flipping out with lies lies lies.
Trump is despicable 100% of the time.
Are you happy? You've sown more seeds of discord pappy Obama will be pleased with his lapdog Marky
Give it a rest Mark stop making everything political. When u pass a res condemning ANTIFA?
It simple, he still equivocates because he doesn't want to lose his voting base!
@MSNBC BEING IN DENIAL THAT ANTIFA WAS BIG PART OF VIOLENCE IN CHARLETSVILLE MAKE MARK WARNER AND MSNBC LOOK LIKE IDIOTS!Whatswrong with you
I can't wait to vote you out of Virginia.
Shows cluelessness AGAIN!!
45 can't be trusted. #resist
Just another piece of irrelevant garbage legislation from an irrelevant legislator.
YOU DID NOT CARE THAT OUR AMBASSADOR WAS -->> TORTURED  NOR THAT  OBAMA SMIRKED ABOUT ---TORTURE !!!  NO  DIDN'T CARE AT ALL  !!  DISGUSTING
SO   it's  okay  if  the gov - mcauliff-mayor  set up a false flag &  our PRESIDENT  KNOWS --PLEASE HE KNOWS -- YOU GUYS  ARE NOT BELIEVABLE
The  horrible  antifa  had no permit _ got off the same bus with KKK -said to him don't get mad at me when I hit you -it's my JOB !! VIOLENT
He signed it but don't mean it.
Enough w/Charlottesville.U won't cure racism with resolutions.Do something about the credit reporting industry!
But you are silent when Hispanic immigrant usesBoston style bomb in PW VA, on VA family. Doesn't fit your narrative? http://www.fredericksburg.com/news/crime_courts/spotsylvania-bombing-suspect-charged-with-attempted-murder/article_6691026d-70f4-5b2f-be5a-b631a09b89fd.html …
you should point out #trump is spinning this as a “law” (see WH press release) when it is no such thing.
Pleased @POTUS signed my res condemning hate groups & the violence in Charlottesville. Unfortunately he still equivocates when he speaks. 
Because @realdonaldtrump lacks the vocabulary to succinctly explain himself on a daily basis. If it goes beyond bigly & huge, he's lost.
Because he recognizes what you fail to admit - antifa played large role. Did you call the pm out in your resolution as well? Just curious.
Yes, sadly he still does equivocate.
RUSSIA SANCTIONS AND NOW CHARLOTTESVILLE RESOLUTION! Both indicate Trump colluded with Russia! He is also a racist bigot White Supremacist.
Antifa arrive with faces covered carrying metal bars poles shields and attack people and police! Not peaceful people! Stop division!! 
Agree Antifa is violent as are KKK/Neo Nazis. All fringe anarchists, so let's deal w/ the people in the middle. Where do YOU stand?
#IMPEACH
How many hours a week do you work? To what end? For $174K/ yr plus #CadillacHC, I expect more!
That's it warner.  You need a resolution for something so bloody obvious how about u denounce ANTIFA.  Then do something that makes diff.
When are you going to denounce and Antifa
Q. Were  ANTIFA a significant part of the violence in CHARLETSVILLE? Yes or no?
If you don't mind a quick edit: "Unfortunately he still... speaks."
never happy, always complaining. No wonder shit never gets done with you guys.
He wants 2 b liked so much he doesn't  care  who it is
Just a piece of paper to him!! Means nothing!!
How sad that Congress had to do this.
Why are you not behind #MedicareForAll ??? Please explain
Warner hasn't denounced the Hate & Violence of ANTIFA Fascists! He is a monumental Hypocrite!
Did you really expect better from him?
you are such a political  hack
He only signed it because he was forced. He has no believe in what he signed. #NaziBucketChallenge
To sign it is to deny who/what he truly is...He would be denouncing his own ppl and himself! Trump-a total failure!  SAD!
That dude cannot be changed no matter how many bills he will sign.
His words in the immediate aftermath supersede anything he does now. He's disingenuous and a fraud because he's a Nazi sympathizer racist 
Senator, thanks for doing this. We need thought leaders like you.
This tweet is pure partisanship and disgusting. You should honestly be ashamed of yourself, Mark. What happened to the old Mark Warner?
Does he even know what he signed?
His signature is worth no more than his word-and that is nothing..don't be pleased........be vigilant
Trump was merely saying that in retrospect, we see there were bad actors on both sides. That is the truth.#Antifa is a hate group. Denounce!
But why don't you condemn antifa ? Markie
Is the $120K+ in donations you receive really more important than the health of the people you serve? #MedicareForAll

It's not going to make a difference what @Potus says, how quickly he condemns is never going to be good enough for Dems regardless
Blacks who were never slaves fight whites who were never Nazis over confederate statues erected by Democrats. Political non sense.
Maybe you should ask Black people?
STILL AND ALWAYS  A DWEEB..NO NICE WAY TO STATE IT SORRY FRIEND. YOU KNOW I HAVE 2 Call it as it IS
The whole time he is attacking ESPN he needs to remember his comments on Obama during his TV reign
Keep fighting!  More truth is needed!  #TrumpRussia #Impeach45
It appears that only white people can belong to hate groups I learn something new everyday 
As he is requesting of ESPN congress should "fire" POTUS
For what?  Don't you actually have to do an impeachable offense or now by mob rule?  Sad the thinking going on in this country.
Still waiting for Democrats to condemn #ANTIFA but they won't.  They are the militant arm of the Democrat party.
Keep pumping your discontent and inspiring nuts like the baseball assassination attempt, be a Leader and set an Example of Integrity already
Equivocation?Dems call ANYONE who doesn't agree with them a white supremacist without evidence-Dems demonstrate the very essence of bigotry.
You are right on
He talks out of both sides of his mouth & uses Twitter like a teen age girl
The president-wimp signed because he was forced, as we all realize.  It does not reflect what he feels or believes.  His history proves it.
Make sure you check what he scribbled on the back, "No matter what it says here, there were many fine people among the neo-Nazis". ;)
How sad is it that it needed to be put into writing? That should be self-evident but not in Trump's Amerikkka.
Unfortunately you are a liar.
A signed resolution means nothing at this point,no consequences,no repurcussions, no one even says anything to him about his stupidity
Not my POTUS.
Yes he is.
Arrogance shown by MSNBC...pretending congress should determine who and what president talks about. Antifa is a problem like others on list!
BLM and many on social media speak with black supremacy tendencies as well. All of this should stop,too. We need calm, peaceful coexistence.
Black equality is not black supremacy. They want to be treated like we take for granted that we are. Traffic stops are not deadly for whites
Still haven't heard you or @timkaine condemn ANTIFA. Do you both condone violence in their case?
Trump's initial resistance to signing this resolution is tantamount to not signing it at all.
He probably signed it w/ the same enthusiasm he gave that post-Charlottesville white supremacy denounciation.
Exactly!
I fear he'll never connect his behavior to the resolution. He doesn't believe he's wrong.
He wouldn't be first politician to sign off on something he didn't agree with. I wonder if he read it before signing, did it have pictures?
Sen Warner, will you release a statement explaining in plain terms why you do not support #MedicareForAll? Your constituents deserve it.
I'm sorry this #RottenOrange made it off the island- #GetTheseNazisOutOfTheWhiteHouseNOW #ThievesLIE @realDonaldTrump #SoldOutTheUSA4USSR $
That stamen from the plane was to let his fellow white supremacist know that he was just kidding when he signed your resolution
I am sorry that piece of paper is meaningless, Impeachment on the other hand would be more effective & sensible for our country
I guess you support antifa and black lives matter
Mark, reading, and comprehension are not his strong suit. Maybe someone didn't explain it to him beforehand.
Putting mildly
Could you please provide a link to what he signed? Thank you!
Because he signed it does not mean he actually means it.  He has already shown what he believes.  Get him out of the people's house!
Have you condemned antifa?
Because what he said wasn't a lie.
Displeased you take so much cash from insurers. - A constituent #MedicareForAll
