The federal government notifies election officials in 21 states that hackers targeted their systems last year. http://apne.ws/HVhRD03 
what are we doing to protect the 2018 elections?  Since the president insists it is all a hoax...and @SenateGOP cannot seem to do anything
Did @SenateMajLdr and @PRyan have any roll in blocking this information release? If they did they should be presumed to be traitors.
Yes but the number of illegal voters in the state of Virginia is coming to light.
Paper ballots in every state. No more taking chances!
I've said the same thing Kimberly we can't trust the computers anymore sorry that just shows you we can't
Exactly. No chances anymore. We all want to walk away knowing our vote counted and was who we actually voted for.
Also issues w/legit provisional ballots being thrown out. Forget space travel - fix our democracy!
Exactly and keep trump and the Koch brothers away from the voting process
And hold the hackers freakin' accountable!!!
some articles say 39 some say 20. We have no faith in election systems. Paper ballots only from now on.
I was thinking the same thing! But really... it will be "hanging chads" in all 50 states!
And #Virginia was one of them. What steps have you taken to protect us @MarkWarner @timkaine @RepComstock
Obama delay you hypocrite
Two words: paper ballots
Why do we have to wait for the Federal Gov this is contrary to what Trump wants.  Can't you as VA Senator phone your governor? Just do it!
THANK YOU SO MUCH, SEN. WARNER!!!
American taxpayers have covered the costs in $Trillions "To Keep America Safe"  How was any of this Russian Cyber Breach even possible?
Mark can a foreign born billionaire donate to GOP or DNC ?
If they're an American citizen, yes.
This is the reason I ask
Quick reading that, the donors seem to all be US citizens now? That Blavatnik guy sure has some interesting friends.
Would love for Trump to be asked about his associations with guys like this, or Felix Sater, but it doesn't happen.
So now that we know the results were tampered with, how about we revoke Trump’s presidency and have a new vote?
When will the .@TheDemocrats speak the obvious & inevitable truth that all of these actions = a #stolenelection & a #stolenSeat?! #reVote
Why don't we check to see if vote totals were changed by this hacking in the last election?
Voting machines hooked to smaller servers not the internet, smaller servers then could be loaded into bigger servers for total.
It's a typical example of our own govt trying to keep it's citizens in the dark. It's never a good idea to do this as we will find out!
We have to do better right now. 1) no machines without voter verified paper trail. 2) all systems need to be audited for code now.
We need to get rid of @realDonaldTrump so we can do better.
Sen., we need a paper audit of all states within 10% margin in 2016 and we need emergency legislation for all hand counted votes in 17 & 18
Talk to McConnell...
This is sooooo important!!!! Democracy is under attack.  Need highest level cybersecurity on this!! NOW!!!!
Yes.  The future is important. But 2016 was illegitimate. Now is the time to challenge it!!
Thank you for pushing ahead, Sir. We appreciate everything you are doing.
Ask yourself this ? Would trump have run for president if he knew he would lose?
It's 39 states now.. y'all need to catch up! #VillainsResist #Resist #TheResistance
Targeted?Does it mean they didn't succeed? Besides we are constantly interfering into their election?why complaining?
I'm not relieved and it's not acceptable! My vote counts.  My family paid in blood for my vote!
Do better now. This was an illegitimate election.
I find it hard to believe they were not at all successful in changing counts, do you?
@AP You're slick, this has gone on for years. At issue: was POTUS involved either directly or otherwise. Dossier is train wreck.
It's about time!
Agree!
When are they going to release info on voting machines being hacked on election day? Four years from now?
I'm angry & sad our elections are no longer sacred
Which is more correct, targeted or breached?
We will. :-) 
We need a recount of the votes!
@NBC @Senate @Congress Ohio, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Florida & Arizona, Just A Few Of 21 CYBER ATTACKED KEY STATES IN PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION
Only Illinois was successfully breached. Was this enough to swing the electoral vote to Trump?
Why was it so delayed?
.@MarkWarner 2016 election needs to be voided if even ONE VOTE was hacked! They cannot interfere with our democracy on ANY level!
If hackers can break into credit agencies, they can break into voting systems. Why is that so hard to believe? Must be investigated!!
"In the future" sounds a lot like "inevitable election tomfoolery" 
I'm thankful that Virginians has both you and Tim Kaine to represent us!
1ce we discover Russia altered votes, changed elected nominees&switched in favor of trump;what do we do?Clearly DT didnt win he's out,right?
Just the fact it happened should nullify the election. Our democracy isn't horseshoes. Close isn't good enough.
Mark. The Russians hacked our election. What are you going to do about that? @jaketapper
When the AP story says "most were not breached" when referring to hacked electoral systems, does that mean SOME WERE BREACHED? Is so whose?
We need to go back to using machines without Internet assistance.. im willing to volunteer to help count. Our great state is important to me
And we need to end gerrymandering
We have to do better now, sir.
I doubt the States listed will say they were hacked. WI is Scott Walker country and he took $$$ from Russian Oligarch and gerrymandered
Yep, Georgia and Indiana traced the attempted hacks to DHS.
#paperballots
What's Trump (or GOP) doing with voter records sent to 'Election Integrity Commission? hand data to Russia so all future elections too?
Debbie’s IT guy was backing up to a secret server and you’re worried about this..get your head on straight Mark
Oh I thought it was just a hoax? :-/
It should go a step further & nullify last election now we have evidence. Let the people vote again!
This news comes out the same day #Potus calls the #Russia story a hoax?
What else is being hidden from the public? We are more fragile when deceived than when we face the truth head on.
HRC WON.
No we do something now, they did succeed in certain you are nuts not to dig deeper
Can you that the list of states be published, please? Also Homeland Security should have a press event to present info. and takes questions.
Yup
Amen
After months of pushing? They had to be pushed for months to tell us our election was hacked? BULLSHIT! I'm so sick of this! #StolenElection
Not in the future, we have to contest the elections NOW
Here's your help....
No big deal didn't change any votes..sorry you ugly bastard..no cigar and Hillary's still not President
Senator, we have to do better immediately! The midterms are pretty close...and we need the majority back. And our OWN voice--NOT Russia's!
Don't trust the government to come clean about whether votes were changed. They won't.
How about this never happens again? We're smarter than they are! Fix it please
So does this mean Trump is not President Of the US?
Did @POTUS have a hand in delaying the release of this information?
Sen. Warner If the votes were changed in any district or state, could the validity of the election be challenged or nullified?
Is there not enough evidence or political backbone to call this an illegitimate election?
Deplorable
What ARE we going to do about it...
@MarkWarner how long have you been insisting on this? Thank you for pushing
Agreed. Please make it happen.
Thank you for staying on this.
So basically the R's in congress were blocking even releasing this to the states that were hacked. Nice
Can you write a bill to make election day a national holiday? And when @gop denounces it maybe some eyes will open
There won't be a future if crazy @POTUS starts nuclear war. #25thAmendmentNow
Looks like we need international election monitors too.
On the same day Trump again proclaims that the Russian election interference story is a media hoax. #Resist
NO, Mark. Do your job & make sure 1) this is fully investigated 2) those responsible are.prosecuted & 3) safeguards are in place for 2018!!!
@KSITESL @AP Why didn't Pres Obama release this information?
Agree. Don't forget to pass a budget.
Amazing. Includes PA, WI, and MN, which all were within 1% margin. 70k votes determined election.
they just haven't told US which states were targeted and which elections were affected. Shouldn't that info be public? #maddow
Yeah during obamas watch . He didint give a rats ass about till Hilary lost. Go figure
It only makes sense since they were working with the GOP candidate, who would do anything to win.
Get rid of the elector colleges and let's do a recount on the battleground states the numbers seem odd.
Holy moly.
No! We need to do better NOW! #notthispresident
Some of these states first notified the DHS under Obama I watched their testimony on c span
She won!
Paper ballots are required at this point.
That's why Trump said Massive Voter fraud, and all the Democrats laughed now who's laughing what are you going to do about it? Another memo?
I don't think this is ALL the information, is it Mr. Warner?  Can you tell us UNEQUIVOCALLY that votes were NOT CHANGED?
Now is the time to challenge the election results. Democrats need to grow balls already.
I agree. If Dems don't start challenging election results the GOP will continue to cheat. If HRC had challenged she'd be prez.
I don't know what makes Ryan & especially McConnell think it's ok to just change the rules to suit their needs. They ate so corrupt.
Are not ate. Lol sorry
Oh, so Russia is not a hoax? Perhaps the federal government should notify the Dotard.
Trump's DHS reported, so is it a hoax? Coincidentally, in all the swing states where all nationals polls failed.  #Audit Elections 2016
Ppl laughed at the very idea. Ppl (including Hillary & President Obama, actually) said it couldn't be done.  They were WRONG.
Neither one of them said that
Yes, they did, when trump was claiming that the election was rigged last year.
Any thoughts on the results of the CCC and DEFCON voting machine hacking?
How will the President's commission on voter fraud adjust course in light of this information?
You need to Impeach and give Hillary her win back. Period.
Hillary didn't win jackshit.. she had California illegals voted by the millions! she needs prison time
What do expect in today's environment. Does this mean anything special? Get to work repealing Obama care.
Not until Trump and his cronies are run out of town
Trump asks the Russians to hack Hillary Clinton/emails
Russia provides WikiLeaks email
Trump says election is rigged
Telling us something??
Not true!he said maybe the Russians can find her emails and the media would talk nice about them.. still why is she not in prison and Obama
@PaulBegala @AP we need an audit of this election. Three states 77,000 votes.
Yes we do!
Now the election results need to be decertified!
I notice it done late on a Friday. This administration always sends out news they do not want noticed late on a Friday.
Well, that's an understatement.
Voters need to know which states and what was gained. We demand the truth
Illegitimate president, illegitimate SCOTUS appointee. We will never learn the truth of blue wall hack. Cause constitutional crisis..
Will never trust future elections.
the word "Investigation" was missing from your sentence @MarkWarner  - CAN YOU CONFIRM if the Russians succeeded?
Let’s not forget abt @GenFlynn & how Trump is sucking up to Turkey now
Our gov is Hiding Real TruthIt was a Stolen Election-Literally-& congress, courts, presidentdoing NOTHING about it...Shameful
Hell Im with you ! I'm with her too ! You
When are the States going to notify the citizens? I've seen drips of info, but...
Well look at the majority in charge of the federal government now, of course they don’t want the states to know.
Just do something.  Tired of u doing nothing.
We will with a non shit bag prez and if the Dems can get our fucking act together
Not to mention, what DID happen in Detroit?
Why has it taken so long? Some of us were demanding this info on Nov. 9th.
Still, they kind of told everybody, "Nothing to see here." I'm not convinced.

@tedlieu @RepCummings @AdamSchiffCA why did it take so long? What else don't we know? Votes flipped?
#unhackthevote
https://twitter.com/rubenkmajor/status/911381313705447426 …
#MajorSOS
With NO forensic analysis of voting machines, it's impossible to say vote tallies were unaffected. #unhackthevote. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/22/russian-hackers-election-states-targeted-dhs-243038 …
Thank you for your leadership.
We need the hillionaire to hit the reset button. Then there will be peace, prosperity and no voting intervention into our wonderful country
Georgia traced their attempted intrusions to the Obama Department of Homeland Defense.
Not a big surprise.  Sad!
Hahaha
I hear NC using electronic check in was hacked. Legit voters turned away as registration data was altered. Regd Dems of course.
It was reported in June by MSM that 39 states were hit. Why is gov just now reporting only 21?
Paper ballots
We need to be told of what has happened.  I want to go to the polls and know my vote is counted.
Agree!
Mr. Warner, what new regulations will D.C. create to minimize this in the future?
Let's make Sure Virginia is the shining Example @washingtonpost @MarkWarner @nytimes @maddow for safe voting
Only way for VA to be shining example is get rid of dems in whole state.7400 illegals allowed to vote in last elect. All because of dems
Who was responsible for oversight in 2016?
How long have you known about this?
You failed to mention all of this occurred under obummer.  Typical liberal spin . We will vote you and Timmy out of office .
Congress man. We have to do better and get rid of Trump
Thanks Sen. Warner-- keep up the good work!
If we switch back to hand counted paper ballots, with paper registration backup, we won't have to do this at all in the future.
VA already did just that
Why doesn't the federal government release the entire list directly to voters? We have a right to know.
Let's find out how many illegal aliens hacked our voting systems...
"Unacceptably delayed" because it's 
FAKE BS NEWS #Russia Putin must be laughing at us again. #VoterFraud
Funny how they were Virginia and mostly blue states... that Clinton overwhelmingly won
Guess the Russians really wanted Hillary to win lol
Delayed to who's advantage?   Those who benefited from hacks?
Before focusing on future, we need & deserve the truth about 2016.
Why not both? We know that we have vulnerable & secret software in elections. We could work to remove & use paper + open source, GPLv3. :)
We have to do better in the future implies "next time"how about we prevent this from happening again? And mitigate solutions 4 what happened
Fake news
Of course, Trump claims this is a hoax and says Putin vehemently denies being behind it. Trump believes RU before anyone in US. #UnAmerican
There Are 868 Fewer Places to Vote in 2016 Because the Supreme Court Gutted the Voting Rights Act.
We are having issues here in CA w/the closing down of precincts. Time to put the brakes on new voter suppression.
Closing precincts in minority neighborhoods so election management is easier isn’t a recipe for democracy. #MajorSOS https://www.scpr.org/news/2017/09/22/75741/challenges-mount-as-rollout-of-new-california-voti/ …
You are having problem in calif because of the illegals and dumb dems
Voter fraud and hacking were never an issue as long as Dems were in power. The electorate has spoken. Trump Won  Get Over It U R irrelevant
We need to go back to paper voting
There is nothing to be relieved about. This is unacceptable. Trust is gone. We need oversight now! Paper ballots & eliminate EC.
National popular vote interstate compact
So, paper ballots, then.
Any ideas or word from Obama administration why this was not  disclosed at the time?
Already has been reported it had nothing to do with votes.
Much better
This happened under the Obama Administration.  Why didn't they notify the states?!?
Because they didnt want us to know the large scale of illegals allowed to vote. Crooked obama adm all need to be i jail
Venita doesn’t quite understand what Sen Warner is saying. She’s still towing the schill line.
So when do we get to know who was breached? When the process keeps us in the dark it's hard 2 believe votes weren't altered.
Blame Obama. He had advanced warning and knew about hacking attempts and said nothing because he thought Hillary would win. Dems disgusting
IObama he had advance warning and said nothing
I wish you were this concerned about the security of our borders.
Why Was it delayed. Our government is not working for the people
Follow @mikefarb1 for more information.
Yes - and how many were breached and how many votes were changed?
Optical scanners. .are great. But I'm worried about voter rolls and being purged
I saw utube video in WI showing scanner totals and hand counts did not match at all.  Scanners can be hacked
Not the ones we use. Stored on like a chip and then are collected .our counts here have be nearly 100%. I work at the polls but can improve
CORRECTION  We have to do better today and every day from now on.
This will not end well for Dumpster! 
Fake president. Time for a do over
I want NATO oversight in our 2018 elections. I don’t trust SC’s ability to protect their systems. State tax payers already hacked. @scvotes
Anyone except the US Gov. Too many in bed with russia. Canada, France and Germany are the only ones I trust. UK too compromised.
We have to be better by 2018 elections.
It's been how long months and they are just notifying states move fast on healthcare and slow on Russians in our elections wrong
Senator Warren, what are we going to do to stop this from happening again? The POTUS won't step up, Congress must!
why did it take so long?
There needs to be more followup on this story. There are more details needed to find out specifics so we can protect for the future. :)
The horses are gone, the barn burned down and was replaced by a strip mall, but sure, let's close that door now.
Should have started pushing when FG knew, instead of not daring to make Obama seem inept so waiting until 2017.
