Senator, at least the Dems are finally making a substantive argument on a Republican SC nominee.
Did you clear "your" statement with the #SorosObamaCabal?
We aren't really a "cabal."  More of a "ring."  Still, the hats are fun and, of course, the unimaginable power we have to destroy the USA.
Of course you're not in a cabal. Membership in a cabal is, by its nature, private or limited. You simply weren't  invited.
Well, fair enough.  But if I follow their orders to the letter and destroy the country first thing every morning I'm told I get to join!
At that point, I guess you've  earned a spot in the cabal-brotherhood.
Oh well, another centrist succumbs to childish political antics instead of productive work for America. I remember Warner when.....
I expect this from no-backbone @timkaine.  But Mark?
You continue to be a disappointment to the Commonwealth......
This Virginian is proud of our senator.
As is this former Virginian. Thank you!
There is no reason not to confirm Judge Gorsuch other than the fact that you are nothing more than a follower.  Try thinking for yourself.
There are a LOT of reasons not to confirm. Like this one right here:
This would be enough for anyone with common sense.
Thank you for your principled stance against a lifetime appointment of Neil Gorsuch #StandAgainstStolenSeat!
He will be the next judge. even if left liberals like you Warner don't like it. thank God for that. you lost for the next 8 yrs.
Extremely disappointed in your hypocrisy. Last year you said senators should do their job and vote. What changed?
The difference is the 500 filibusters during the Obama administration vs. this ONE.
500 you say? Where are you sourcing this number?
You just lost my vote Senator. I never took you for petty politics, but here you are.
You admit he is qualified, the rules were changed by Democrats and now you come up with this excuse to follow your Socialist DC Bosses.
Thank you. It's a shame the Supreme court confirmation situation has come to this but common sense and compromise do not rule anymore.
As you do this, you erase your bipartisan bona fides and forget the 2M+ Virginians who voted for change. You confirmed Kagan with less info.
Thank you Senator Warner. In these trying times it's reassuring to know you are there and are fighting for what's right
Mark, you know better! So now I should trust your investigation by the Senate Intelligence Committee? You people are Looney Tunes!
Thank you Senator Warner!!
After waiting this long to fill SCOTUS, why speeding urgently to judgement by end of the week? Discussion needs to occur!
Thank you!!
#StopGorsuch
Thank you! Proud that you are standing up and doing the right thing.
And I am NO on Mark Warner, even for dog catcher.
I agree, thank you for standing firm.
Thank you for posting Senator Warner... #Gorsuch
Not acting on Garland's nomination is a 1st in US history #StolenSeat #CourtPacking. #Gorsuch is not mainstream
I am NO on cloture and NO on confirmation. Read my statement here: 
Wow! #SusanRice #unmasked #Trump officials.  #Tatiana
This is Bullshit.  Just deflecting from the Russian investigation.  Good try though.
Yea you almost lost last election. What does that tell you.
As an American voter I have grave concerns about the thought process of democratic senators & congress. put your egos away & Let's #MAGA!
And I vote no on your reelection.
You are wrong and all the shenanigans of the Dems will come back to haunt when they look for votes in the near future.
Thank u from a VA voter.
Nice to see you toeing the party line.  Your handlers will be pleased.  Stop with your false narrative and propaganda.
You sir are not a Senator but a stooge for the Democrats.  Don't investigate anything because your in the Democratic tank.
"Hyperpartisan" you are the epitome of hyperpartisan!
Thank you, Mark!
Enjoy that #nuclear rule change, you partisan hack
This is great news. The Reid rule will ensure a conservative SCOTUS for generations. Thanks to Senator Warner. BOL Justice Gorsuch.
Let us not forget that the President is under FBI criminal & counterintelligence investigation and should not make lifetime appointments
SpockYoda - that name tells me all I need to know about you.  
You're childish deflection in response to a valid objection tells us everything we need to know about you.
It's funny how each time the wall closes in a little bit, his cultists bring up Susan Rice, Hillary, Obama, and others. Much fear I sense.
Incredibly disappointed.
@soultravelers3 you ARE an obstructionist! Electd 2govern not play games
No the GOP's were/are the obstructionists w/ Garland & we have an ILLEGAL dictator #PutinsPuppet that the MAJORITY want investigated!!
Illegal dictator? That's choice pls read the constitution
Yay!!  Thank you.
@ MarkWarner -- I support your position!  Man w/o principles, is a man w/o sails..will go any direction the wind take hims --no trust in him
Thank you Senator @MarkWarner
And when you're up for reelection I'm NO on Mark Warner! You are Democrat first, American second!
Thank you
1Reason-MERRICK GARLAND 
@gop have to change rules to get their way b/c GOP hates Town halls i.e. America's voice
U would sacrifice the functioning of the Senate over UR hatred of POTUS & political pts scoring. Zero wrong with Gorsuch! #GorsuchHearing
Thank you, @MarkWarner! I'm proud to call you and @timkaine my senators!
You and the Senate are on the brink of an historic mistake
please confirm the Supreme Court nominee.
Thanks!
great indicator that there is no intellectual honesty anymore. Thought you were better than this
what are you going to do when there is a truly controversial judge and the filibuster is gone. Reasonable repubs won't even help
You represent me and I want you to #ConfirmGorsuch Senator.
Then you, sir, are part of the problem. I look forward to NOT voting for you. #termlimits
Thank you, senator Warner!
I am NO on Mark Warner!!
one of the last rational Dems. But the blind opposition of Gorsuch is such a blow to intellectual honesty. Shame on you
Once again we disagree. We seem to be getting farther apart instead of coming together. I urge you to rethink your decision.
hope you enjoyed your time in the senate..
yea..yea..here is the great non-partisan member of the senate..the 60  vote standard is over ..thank you
@MarkWarner you represent me and my family...voting to stop SC nominee doesn't help anyone...represent me or get out of office #stopthehate
As a constituent I appreciate the insight into why "no", but I'd like the same transparency on why "yes" on some of Trump's cabinet.
There is only one earth, Earth people should condemn the Taiwan government, the temple made air pollution.
Would you also be able to block the nuclear option given that POTUS (and/or his administration) is under investigation?
Thank you, Mark Warner. As your constituent, I am relieved that this is your position. You are definitely representing my views.
THat's exactly what we want to see! Thanks @MarkWarner ! #TheResistance
Thank You. Refusing a hearing & vote for #Merrickgarland blew up the Senate, not this filibuster.
You do not speak for VA! Your D.C. cronyism is stated clearly in your press release and tweet!
He wasn't liberal enough for your party! We will take VA back and I hope to God you are out of a job soon! You don't work for the people!
Were asinine to say the least! He passed with 100 percent non party lines to be a 10th circuit Judge! You decided prior to questioning him
Party lines! His views of Roe v Wade should not be discussed! It's a law already passed and heard before the Supreme Court! Dems questions
Thank you.
Great job Senator!
Thus politicians win &people loose. GOP forces in this judge now & maybe Democrats force in another the next time a seat opens up=injustice.
Thank you for representing my interests. Glad you are my Senator
Thank you!!!
Thank you, Senator Warner!
Thank you Senator
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator.
And I say the @POTUS should take advantage of the fact that its now OK to spy on political opponents and unmask them. Let's do this!
Thank you @MarkWarner.
I thought that you were a good governor that looked at the merits of bills. I guess at the national level you have to abandon principles.SAD
thank you!
I am YES on Mark Warner!  When you run again I will be volunteering for your campaign!
Thank you Senator!
Your reasoning is very flawed,  you are just sticking with the other democrats.
Vote yes to confirm Judge Gorsuch. I am a Republican but have voted for you as a moderate choice. Don't disappoint. Do the right thing!
Thank you Senator Warner from a constituent from Staunton VA, I appreciate your resistance on my behalf - it must be stressful and hard -thx
Thank you! You are getting a better and better score in my book!
I will be NO on ever voting for you again. You have chosen to behave like a child instead of a statesman. I thought you had more sense.
Thank you for standing up Senator Warner
I'm an Independent that voted for you. MISTAKE! Promise I won't make that mistake again & will be campaigning against you. #confirmgorsuch
Thank you Senator!
SHEEEEEEEEEP.  BAAAAAAH, BAAAAAAAAH
You are wrong, Mr. Warner. Judge Gorsuch is much more qualified than those two ladies that Obama put into #SCOTUS!
Lemming. Can't wait to vote you out of office.
Thank you. Judge Gorsuch does not belong on SCOTUS.  If @SenateMajLdr would put country over party. History will not be kind to him.
You will not get my vote ever again. #makevared
We knew you were a no from day one. You Democrats are nothing if not predictable. And corrupt. #BlowItOutYerAss
#Gorsuch
.... You came from. We are tired of your left wing failed policies.
"SENATOR " I am going to make it my mission in my daily travels across the Comm. of VA. To send you and Kaine back to where...
Perhaps he chooses to withhold responses due to the possibility of hearing similar cases or being ostracized for personal beliefs. Vote Yes.
So Gorsuch voted 99% with the majority but he's not mainstream? He decides on precedent  and the law but you don't think he's qualified?
You sir, are not honorable.  Neither are you honorable as U just appeared on Wolf/CNN & claim Trump colluded w/Russia. This is a LIE!!
There is no such thing as nuclear option.....McConnell will simply take the Senate back to the days when honorable Senators allowed votes.
There is NO basis for this other than simple rabid partisanship because Trump beat Clinton. This judge like all before, deserves a vote.
It is regrettable that you & your fellow DEMS will implement a partisan filibuster for the 1st time in 200 YEARS. This judge deserves a vote
Thank you for defending our democracy and doing the right thing!
Yes....Thank you!
I can't wait to vote against you in VA. TOOL
Vote for Gorsuch! You work for me Senator, and if you're fearful of cloture issue avoid it. Confirm our next SCOTUS appointee!
Thank you!!!
#Mark Warner, you can count on me voting for your opponent on the next election.
Thank you!
You're a putz! Gorsuch is awesome.
You are yes in Patriotism and yes on integrity. Thank you @MarkWarner
Thank you, Senator. Keep it up.
Thank you for voting no to Judge Neil Gorsuch
Ahh liberalism at it's best
Mr. Warrner, please lead and do what is right for Virginia on Judge Gorsuch's nomination.  Vote YES. Do not let the "nuclear" option in.
Thank you to my senator @markwarner for joining Va's @timkaine and @SenateDems in opposing Gorsuch! #VA  @vademocrats
Thank you for your statement.  #StopGorsuch
it's nice to still be able to have faith in some of our leaders to do the right thing. Thank you Sir.  #TheResistance
Tx 4 #NoGorsuch & giving Avg Americans a chance 2 have a #SCOTUS not tilted 2 d Right & 2 overturn #CitizensUnited @SenSchumer
thank you Sen Warner. We support you!
Thank you
Thank you, Senator Warner
I'm a constituent and I support your decision.
we in virginia want Goursach. Why are you voting against him? Do you represent virginia or just yourself?
your decision is disappointing and all too predictable.
Thank you from a constituent!
thank you
do we Raise #PAYROLLTAX on Gov Employ OR JUST ADD Medicaid COSTS TO $20T DEBT , Hmmm whats Conservitive? WHERE is #PAGO
I was seriously hoping for a better explanation than that. Sorry to see you go this direction. Can't help but feel like it's partisan.
Thank you.
Thank you @MarkWarner.
Back to the private sector for you! You are nothing more than a hack for your failed leadership. Truly looking more like VA other disgrace
THANK YOU
Thank you! I am proud you are representing me!
Thank you!! Great statement! Praying there are some GOP Senators out there with a conscience.
There aren't any.
This Virginian thanks your for your decision. You did the right thing for our future. #StopGorsuch
Your decision is disappointing.  Sometimes it's necessary to take the long view.  The GOP will go nuclear.
Thank you. This helps negate yr yes on Tillerson, who is a secretive, behind-the-scenes, who knows what deals he's making Secretary.
Thank you @MarkWarner for voting NO for Gorsuch. His record of siding w/ corporations over the rights of working people is unconscionable
U are my hero
There has never been a filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee. Your reasons are pathetic. You are only pandering to the far left to kiss up!
There has never been a filibuster of a Supreme Court justice in the Senate. Why not just tell us
Thank you @markwarner from this VA voter
Thank you for standing up for your constituents & all of the USA!
Thank you Senator Warner. I'm proud to have you as my senator.
So proud of you for standing up for what is fair SO PROUD! After they blocked Pres Obama's pick fair is fair! Thank you!!!
Thank you, Senator Warner, for doing the right thing.
Thank you Senator. He does not represent main stream judicial judgement we desperately need and is not the best choice for the SCOTUS.
I am no for voting for you ever again
Thank you

Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you!!
As a trans person, ensuring that #SupremelyExtreme Gorsuch is NOT on SCOTUS is important to me!
#INTREGITY ! Thank you @MarkWarner!! Glad to be supportive of you, as you support Virginians and our democratic process
no @POTUS nominee confirmed until @realDonaldTrump #divests shows #TaxReturns & removes #nepotism from @WhiteHouse #votenoalways
Republicans will go nuclear. You know Gorsuch is very qualified & u are playing into party politics. Shame on the Democrats!!! #GrowUpDems
YES to the Reid Nuclear Option. Dems= the party of NO.
That kind you again for working FOR US! I just left you a voicemail about this issue.
It is a shame that you choose not to vote for a qualified justice.  Your constituents, of which I am one, will remember.
I am very uncomfortable w Senate using the words "Nuclear Option" to describe solutions. I know its not your term, but pass it along?
The "Reid Option" there, problem solved!
Thank you, Senator Warner! I am proud to be your constituent!
Thank you
Classic @MarkWarner.  Talks like a moderate, votes in lockstep w/ his party leaders literally 99 percent of the time.
THANK YOU!
thank you thank you thank you!!
I support your thoughtful statement and "no" vote. Thank you for serving your country. #gorsuch #evasive #procitizensunited
Thank you. I couldn't have made a better statement myself that conveys how I feel.
Thank You @MarkWarner !
How mindlessly partisan of you.  Congratulations on Making America Suck Again.
Thank you! Was just getting ready to call your office to ask about this on my lunch. A grateful constituent!
Thank you very much Senator Warner.
Good decision but couldn't you have made announcement last week?
Thank you!
You're contributing to the hyperpartisanship by not allowing a vote. Gorsuch is highly qualified and your reasons to obstruct are obvious.
Thank you Senator! Constituents in Fl.
Hyper partisanship and dismantling of institutions will do far more harm than confirming Gorsuch. This is a bad decision.
Thank you
Thank you!
Thank you Senator for joining @timkaine against #neverGorsuch. #Garland #resist
Thank you 4ur decision & clear rationale. Continue Russian investigation. Keep up ethical work. @timkaine @repdonbeyer #indivisible.
And therefore I, a Virginia voter, am 'no' on Mark Warner!
Thank you; protecting the Nation - protecting the constitution - protecting the people
WTF took you so long? How hard was that?
Thank you, Senator Warner.  Forcing a hand to change rules only leads us further apart...especially on this battle.
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator!
THANK YOU, SIR!
