Study says Trump administration actions triggering double-digit premium increases on individual health policies: http://apne.ws/P5UfiY7 
My daughters premium just jumped 22% with no advance notice except for the monthly billing statement.
Average family savings of $2500 a year was politics at it's worst.
Oh so now you rewrite this to suggest POTUS is the reason OCare is failing? Crappy from the beginning. Complete REPEAL of horrid law.
And humanity at its worst.
Mark its been going on for the last eight years even before Obama Care, so quit being a cry baby and fix it your plan doesn't work either
The ACA helped create 11 million jobs per the conservative magazine Forbes. Google it.
Congress needs to stop @POTUS from sabotaging the ACA
You are crazy. You own #ObamaCareFail
You would know
No, your support of the obviously-flawed ACA is the worst. Shouldn't Warner's abject stupidity be an impeachable condition?
@realDonaldTrump is politics at its worst.  Before the world is destroyed, can we PLEASE remove this insane boy child from office?
ALL BS  THIS IS ALL ON THE DEMS and OBAMA
Monopolies are bad mmk?
Politics at it worse is cramming this bill down our throats before we could read it. You didn't even understand it. Now the mess they said.
No Mark, Democrats actions in the Senate is at it's worst. So are the actions of  McConnell, why we need to DRAIN THE SWAMP! Term limits!!
djt determined to overturn everything obama did. impeach. single payer now.
The North Koreans and South Africans provide free healthcare.  Pony up for a one way ticket.
Omg dt didn't even acknowledge the lady that got killed. Sometimes it's not what you say but what you don't that speaks volumes.
We need term limits
No, politics at its worst is a POTUS who endangers the lives of millions because of his impulsive, inflammatory words w equally unhinged KJU
#Obamacare already holds that distinction. Which you voted for, BTW.
Not sure how you can lay this at Trump's feet.  This is the ACA that you and your colleagues 'rammed' thru.  Nice try this is on you.
You know what is worse? The idea that you've been in office for how long and have failed at discovering anything better than nonsustainable
Socialized medicine
BUT gop could have had plan after 7 years. They're strangling now so it's sure to fail. Our payments went from $18.0 to $4.0a yr. TY O!
i don't like u trump u are not a nice man
@realDonaldTrump  - This is purely due to your administration's sabotage of ACA and creating uncertainty in the market. OWN IT!
great cop out to boost insurance profits at the expense of the flailing presidential reputation.
Incongruent comment. Presumably you're talking about consideration of not funding unappropriated CSR funds in 2018?
@GOP must remove him from office. Trump is mentally ill, hates this country & the people in it. Too late after the he launches the nukes
This should be illegal.
The democrats are obstructionist 
You finally see that.
Make the market unstable and costs increase making health ins uneconomic. It's all planned this way.
Nope, it is Trump at his finest. Not giving a f*ck about who he hurts as long as he wins.
This (and many other things) is dereliction of duty. When will enough be enough?
Yep no surprise.  When will GOP wake up?
Do something, please!
What about before the election? Why is there no news anymore, just partisan hacks. I expect it from opinion shows, but not all news.
Yes indeed.
So true. They're destabilizing on purpose
It's politics at its worst because of obstructionist Democratic Senators. You are irrelevant.
This is villainy at its finest.
The same kind you and your pals play.  You made O'care and you own it!
I don't know the @GOP protecting trumpistan from America is pretty rotten to the core.
He's actually working against the citizens' healthcare, affecting millions. This is genocide of poor people. Please can't we #25thThe45th
No. This is pure evil with a dash of greed and a large pinch of corruption.
What actions?  What study?
Politics at its worst is correct.
So now what would you suggest to your constituents who rely on the ACA, like me, who won't be able to afford another premium hike?
@POTUS   Thanks Trump
Lol, your going to blame @realDonaldTrump  on your bad law
Nuts
Hes going to get hundreds of thousands of people killed. Being a BULLY has never been the answer to any problem.
Voters not buying ur bs. Its known price was going up before Trump won. That's why he won. Ask the voters.
No, running world's greatest country into a ditch for your globalist master is the worst.
This has already been happening for years.
These premiums were out of control far before TRUMP and all the Kickbacks and special interest moneys is what increased premiums out of wack
The increases did not just start after Trump took office. It has been undoing for years and has been projected to continue for some time!
This has been going on a lot longer than the ACA implementation - the US needs to join the rest of the world #MedicareForAll
This study is by the Kaiser Family Foundation, which has always been a supporter of Obamacare. Which is a failure.
well then DO something about it - or if you can't,  encourage your colleagues to do so! POTUS must go!
@MarkWarner what can we do? Called numerous times. @gop @HouseGOP @SenateGOP wth is wrong w them? Not honoring #Constitution #oath
The ACA was designed 2 fail. UR party knew this when they voted on the bill. Now U criticize!! UR the political ONE!  Help fix! #Healthcare
Happen with North Korea I also know that he's not a good presedent
How is that different than what Americans have been experiencing in the last 5 years?
Hey @realDonaldTrump Presidents are not supposed to go out of their way to hurt citizens.  It appears you don't that!
Blame dishonest Democrats who created #Obamacare and lied about it
The Left can't run on issues.  We just had and rejected 8 years of their issues.  All they can run on is fear and chaos.  Tough platform.
"If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor" was politics at it's worst.
Impeach President Trump
I believe it's what the President wants so he can say "I told you so".
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS is actively creating insurance instabilityimplosion he so noticeably craves. Then he'll say, see, I told you so.
Fake news! Trumps had zero impact on Obama care yet! The worst part of politics at this time is this congress
quit whining, you got us in this mess. You deems always want to blame.
Surely u mean, #treason #collusion #foreignAsset - and our @WhiteHouse & complicit @GOP at its worst
I would have to say that "if you like your Dr., you can keep your Dr." Why don't you and your family sign up for Obamacare. Be the first!
He wants Obamacare to fail. Now is the time for free healthcare for all.
#TrumpTax
ACROSS 46 STATES +DC, carriers are requesting ~14% rate hikes if CSR payments ARE made, 29% if they AREN'T: http://ow.ly/zBI930ejJY3  
he thanked Putin for throwing out our embassy members! Can we get this impeachment on the road already?!!!!
#25thamendment or you're all just as bad a he is! #impeachtrump
But double-digit increases during the Obama years were just fine.
Why did the GOP block any and all fixes?
I'm old enough to remember when Obamacare was going to BE the fix for "our broken health care system." What happened?
At least we agree on one thing: The health care system was worse before the ACA.
There's a reason I used quotation marks.
Yes?
I have HIV, the virus that causes AIDS.
This administration is so completely inapt and dangerous.
