ALERT: Reporters at Capitol have been told they are not allow to film interviews with senators in hallways, contrary to years of precedent
Unacceptable! #freedomofpress #FreedomOfThePress #FirstAmendment
what else can you and the rest of the Dems actually do this?
Besides tweeting?
You all need to start to fight back hard.
you are an embarrassment to this country RESIGN!!
Senator, I'm a VA constituent. Grab some TV reporters, go out into your hallway and do an interview. A long one. Talk about anything.
Democrats are pushing a false story with the help of the media
Bullshit
Warner, you would stand with the media, you are as biased as they, time for you to look in mirrow sort real reason for your biase, detractor
The reason most likely because Trump can't control the senator's responses like he did with all 3 during the hearings leading up to no answe
What will they do? #Resist?
U promote #Resist while it has turned violent. Continued support 4 this make u an advocate 4 violence.
We need the Press
This is proof that there's something to hide
You are the most horrible person in the senate.
The media fake and you stand up for them.
GO AFTER HILLARY. This is the Russian collusion
And by the way change the way you act in front of the American people. We know your agenda is to get our President Trump
wait what does this have to do with your first amendment? just conduct interviews not in the hallwaw
OUR 1st Amendment gives special protection to political speech in public spaces (like Capitol's halls), SCt has said for decades
halls seem like a good place for walking, not for interviewing. but that's just me
Many Capitol halls are very wide, with tons of room for quick interviews with busy lawmakers. Keeps us citizens in the know.
Wasn't this rumor debunked?
Sure u stand 4 the free press, when it's an established fact MSM abuse their 1st Amend rights & turned in2 left weapon.
@MarkWarner @kasie
COLLUSION is between media ("bright light", my foot) and you & colleagues. You are indeed attempting a slow-moving coup & America knows it.
Me too particularly when they search for the truth of all parties
Trump & his admin cannot be allowed to change years of openness at a whim. The gov't can't make laws abridging the press & that includes him
You mean you need more people to back up you're lies
Every Dem legislator should be talking openly with press at every opportunity. The absence of @GOP will shine a glaring light into dark hole
Let the media do their job, let us decide what to believe. #freepress
As long as they serve the liberal objective.
Slowly but surely we will become enslaved by the Tyrant!
#Breaking CONFIRMED #Obama Had His Own ‘Back Channel’ To Moscow. #FakeNews #BiasedMedia #Trump #WitchHunt continues! http://dailycallernewsfoundation.org/2017/06/13/confirmed-obama-had-his-own-back-channel-to-moscow/ …
Nope, we need the BRIGHT LIGHT of the American PEOPLE on you weasels in Washington.  That's what we need.  Light on the cockroaches.
Stop waisting my tax dollars on garbage and get to work. If you can't do that then resign. DO YOUR JOB and work on policies for THE PEOPLE.
You politicians are THE  VERY reason THE PEOPLE voted the way they did and you don't have the courtesy or integrity to honor their wishes.
Not one questions asked about Russian interference. American people see what's going on and it's killing your party.  Hillary lost BIGLY
Thank you Senator you are awesome !! We have to protect the rights of our press !!
What difference does it make, the GOP has drunk the kool aid?
Thank-you, Senator Warner!
Hey witch hunter, looks like you wasted more of our tax dollars today chasing shadows.
They don't own the Capitol. We, the People, do
CITIZENS STAND UP with JOURNALISTS and WHISTLEBLOWERS  WE need the truth and REPUBLICANS are denying it to us FIGHT
 FIGHT FIGHT 
Yes you clearly want ALL the press you can get
Amen brother
You mean: you need MORE #FAKENEWS to further your FALSE NARRATIVE. STOP with the Drive-by Questions & Take the OATH yourself. U sir, LIE 2
did you say that to lying bengazi murderer hillary clinton.or to eric{fast and furious}holder.or bill clinton who raped juanita broddrick
The media is no longer valuable to American democracy because they traded their integrity for ratings.
@kasie I hope they're all there when the truth comes out about Obama, Hillary, the Clinton Foundation, Podesta, Loretta Lynch...
That's the only way that the truth will come out.
#asklorettalynch
This is total horseshit and a block of freedom of the press!
I've often thought the our federal representatives should be followed around and filmed like Jim Carey in The Truman Show. Write the bill!
abuse of First Amendment THomas Jefferson rolling over in his VA grave
of course you stand with the MSM liberals
Is there any reason why Senators who don't agree with this can just allow video interview?

@MarkWarner and lies? VA sees you loud and clear.
You know Mark Warner is right.
How else can #Markwarner promote his false narrative of Trump Russia Collusion but to use fake news from a bias media?
So @MarkWarner supports fake news, which has been widely debunked? Which doesn't help your agenda does it? #DRAINTHESWAMP
Wish you had asked sessions when said he left mtg with Trump and comey, why did he leave??did Trump ask him to???
Of course what about that bright light directed at the Clinton emails, Benghazi, Gun running in Mexico by Obama admin. Shine that LIGHT
Media/Democrats in congress who knew for 9 months POTUS not under investigation but kept the story alive. You/fellow Dems r disgraceful!
Thank you, Senator!!
Thank you Sen. Warner. Always the voice of reason
there is NO bright light in media. It is DARKNESS & bias they spew, and AMERICA KNOWS THIS!
Take a seat ... plz!
So glad we are no longer in VA.
Yep yep, as long as they continue to support the left wing liberal ideology you are. That bright light should shine on your inconsistencies!
Press = Pretty dim lights if u ask me. How many reporters does it take to screw in the truth?
Of course no facts you just stand out with the media trash that is where you belongremember voters aka taxpayers tired of swamp
Daylight is the Best Disinfectant
Democracy Dies in Darkness
#AlternativeFacts #FakeNews @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats #1A
#DrainTrumpSwamp
Has no one asked Jeff Sessions if he knew that the Pres. was going to meet w/ Comey BEFORE the room was cleared. before recusing?
They shouldn't be, they'll make it look bad against our President, Donald Trump
Scrutiny? You mean false accusations and attacks of which media stood by with 8 yrs of Obama soft Tyranny & Marxism? Total BS on your part.
What your GOP colleagues are doing is un-American senator. I am sure you are aware of this more than most, but the public should hear more
If only the MSM were chasing liberal senators around with gotcha questions like they do with republicans. Media scrutiny is only one-sided!
#Lynch ORDERED #Comey to INTERFERE W/ U.S.  Election to help #Crooked #Hillary Win #Sessions #Mueller  #WHEREWASLIGHT
I don't understand this - tweeting support isn't enough. Why isn't there an enforcement mechanism for reporters and the First Amendment?
whY did #Lynch met with @billclinton AT SAME TIME the FOUNDATION was under #Investigation WHERE WAS THE LIGHT? #Democarts are FINISHED #WTF
I don't think you understand what's going on here. We are watching the death spiral of the gop
Thank you for the quick response and to your staff for taking my call earlier. This is Suppression of the Press! It cannot stand.
Until your dirty laundry is exposed which it will be.  Be careful what you wish for you partisan hack
There is NO evidence of any collusion! Now hearings for questions about questions! Dems are pathetic! Dirty!!
So you stand with reporters who lie, twist the truth, or completely change the truth by omission of truthful points? Sounds like a liberal!
The descent into a dictatorship cannot stand.
Thank you @MarkWarner
While you're addressing that could you pls take legal action on GOP illegal legislative process & unconstitutional breach of COTUS function?
Thank you Senator Warner.  Please keep this open and honest!
Why are the Republicans hiding? I don't even know what they stand for anymore. They're throwing the Constitution out the window.
Just one more small step toward destroying freedom of the press. Fascists can't tolerate a free press.
Then, where is this rule coming from?
Thank you Senator Warner. 
@StevenMWolfe3 What your really saying is you stand with Fake news who along with the Dem party are propagandist hit squad against the POTUS
Thank you Senator, but what do you intend to about it?
Me too. Called and posted on FB As well as Twitter. They have no idea the anger they have stirred in this electorate. #KARMA2018
Thank you
Technologically, killing the witnesses pre-emptively! Result of having lots of loose lips and sinking ships, especially w/ POTUS.
Thank you for your leadership.  #Indivisible
I think the reporters should still do their jobs and force the R senators hand. Either allow reporting or call security to escort them out
This needs to stop, first our election is hacked confirmed by numerous IC yet no Gop seems to bothered by this fact. Why Sir, why?
They all know. Ryan even said "we stand together or we hang separately".
we really need all of you to be standing up to this monstrous, corrupt, and lawless administration!
We are not Russia, We are not North Korea, We are the people of the United States of America!! We bow to no Dictatorship or King! #FreePress
Imagine the effect on the 2018 election if the only Senators who'll speak on camera about what's happening in the Senate were Democrats. 
Ko phai la toi mat long tin nhung toi ko biey phai tin ai.
And so, what will you do about it.  #WithholdConsent?  Show us action.
Because "controlled media" is NOT what our Founding Fathers had in mind to sustain DEMOCRACY ... we are NOT Authoritarian #CountryOverParty
The 1st amendment was so important to the founding fathers that it was the very 1st Amendment to our Constitution. THAT means something

I'm not a Trump supporter but it's also important the media don't just print crap either which Comey said is happening last week......
And what are you doing to help America rather than tear it down and keep it divided.  Do the RIGHT thing for America.
Maybe people are trying to work in the offices attached to those hallways.
Nah, they're all in the basement bunker conniving ways to truly F Americans and access to healthcare.
I STAND WITH THE TRUTH!!!
THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU!
Relax, this will just make it easier to make up what they would like the senator to have said.
After the shady way that Obamacare was passed and all the Obama EO and his numerous ridiculous bills...You really don't have a right to grip
We don't need just the bright light of media we need YOU to stand and fight this!! Every American is counting on u to uphold constitution
Please save us!
This same "media" even admitted they should have looked harder at Obama and they didn't.
Please, stand up and say it loud and clear! We cannot have a government behind closed doors! Transparency is crucial! We are counting on you
Keep fighting for our freedoms Mark. Thank you!!!
#wethepeople have the light on you &see you are #fakeAmerican #Fakerepresenative you don't represent citizens vote your #Criminalparty home
Will they report or just use "anonymous sources" to tell narrative? You get Pro choice, but Anti abortion, never, Pro life, Pro abortion
@kasie To protect selfsame media from sitting President that media said could never win. Lessons need to be sought.
We stand with you.
If they do will they be sentenced to 20 years hard labor? We've had enough of this admin!
Yes! Stand in front of the cameras so we can watch repubs running by!
How are you going to push back Senator? You must push back, and hard!
@GOP cowards
Reporters can film in offices or outside instead.
@kasie If Trump can get Russia to perform coup d etat, we can film interviews with senators in hallways #SueMe #The Resistance
Go hold interviews right now.
Are we Moscow?
Glad you have decency sir - where's the rest of your ilk?  We need you now
The bright light of #WEthePeople will bring down you #NEANDERTHALS on both sides of aisle. Our TRAITOROUS #MSM won't. RIP #DeepState
You just turn Republican? Dems are for restricting the first amendment. You see what is happening across the country or you live in a cave?
There is LITERALLY NOTHING more important to our Democracy than a free press.
Agree to disagree, then....
Clearly we are in a Constitutional crisis.
@StevenMWolfe3 created by the Democratic leadership and MSM #fake news.
@kasie is there a first amendment remedy for this?
@kasie 

On whose order was this change made, Senator?
Thank you, Senator. I look forward to learning about the action you will take to correct this.
You would so you can keep getting attention
Senator, what are the Dems doing to procedurally stop/slow down the health care legislation? You MUST do all you can!
Did the GOP just abolish democracy without informing anyone, Senator?
When are our Courts & remaining patriots going to stop GOP's illegal unilateral acts? Unprecedented times require new precedents to solve.
We cannot get through to them via their hone either!!!
@rcohen Then get on camera please!
Thank you
Then tell us how they are allowed to do this?
Thank you Senator Warner...I knew you'd be supportive of media inquiries.
Fellow Virginians, I hope you make time in your schedule today to vote in the primaries.
Republicans have always had problems with that pesky 1st Amendment.
What all dictators do...
This is the slipperiest of slopes. It must not stand.
What will you do to protect #freepress from #PutinsPuppet?
Media need to file for injunction.
Now, not during the Obama administration, but now.
But what u actually do!
Democracy dies in darkness.
Who made this decision?
Call 202-224-6352 to leave a voice mail in opposition to the new policy. Let them know that we the people habe the right to bee informed.
Constant busy signal
2nd step to fascism.....way to go GOP
Not acceptable. This is the people's business and the people's house.  Our democracy threatened. @tribelaw
Will you give TV interviews at the Capitol? Will you defy this fascist new restriction??
This does not happen in America. @nytimes @washingtonpost @Tennessean  @NBCNews @CBSNews @ABC @CNN @MSNBC & @PBS must resist this outrage.
Then Senator, seek out the media after those meetings and allow them to ask their questions to allow us the privilege of knowing? PLEASE?
Thank you.
Media tells one side of story. Not fair and many time not truthful. Until biased media stops lieing, the less we see the better.

Senator - Dems should be in the halls engaging reporters on camera with this message. Fight back. We are begging you.
Stick a burr under my idiotic Senator.... he needs to remember how thin his margin was this past November. That's OUR Capitol, @SenatorBurr!
What will Congress do to protect the 1st Amendment?
Thank you @MarkWarner we need you to help shine the light and keep it on.
Can we shut down Washington with a mass sit-in? Cuz the last straw happened months ago.
Shut it down.
This is Trump's further attempt at a dictatorship-the adoration praise ordered by him from his Cabinet yesterday another example-stop this
Trump is afraid of truth.
So give every news org a written, standing, indefinite invitation to be outside your office or follow you in the halls whenever they want
something needs to be done here. this is not right none of it is.
Then please do what you can. Throw a fit. Ignore rules and march outside the halls to give immediate interviews.
Don't just tweet it. Get on a camera and make sure you're heard!
