If the Trump Administration wants us to believe there’s nothing to the Russia investigation, they need to start acting like it.
If Warner administration wants us to believe that he doing something other than WTF Trump is doing. YOU need to start doing it
How can you possibly be objective when you have already convicted him.  Very biased
Hang in there with following these sorts of behavior and activity.
People need to work we have to many other things toworry about.Not things like this drama stuff your posting @MarkWarner want have you done?
He probably smashed his son's blackberry with a  hammer also.
Amazing press release on the day that evidence the Obama Amin knew of Russian intention since 2014, set up every turn
Stop whining!
Hey it's Ryan Noble! Calling out !
R u really surprised?  Sad
I want a divorce.
We're not surprised are we?
Fucking liars and crooks all the Trumps
Come on, Mueller!
That whole family is nothing but a bunch of freaking Liars lock them all up
Criminal!  When does this behavior by the Trumps and the White House end?  Why do they keep getting away with these inappropriate actions??
Who cares? How about health and taxes! Do something useful not retry the presidential election. So ridiculous....
Is it similar to "I didn't have sex with that woman?" Or the classic "if you like your plan you can keep your plan"?
An impeachable offense is whatever Congress says it is. So tell them it is.
Mark. You believe this? I believe you should not be representing anyone.
What more will it take for members of congress to do what's right for America??  Enough is enough!
Ok, so when do you all end this nightmare for the US and the world and start impeachment proceedings against this lying fool? I'm exhausted!
A...a...LIE!?  It can't be!
I didn't know he could write anything longer than 140 characters.
Can we impeach him now? #PresidentMattis
Time for an independent investigation into #russiagate and #trumprussia collusion that can't be stonewalled by politics
You & the ass you kissed for 8 years (Obama) told us the 80's called looking for their foreign policy back. Not to worry about Russia, WTH!
What the hell are you doing for the people that you represent? They don't give a damn about this crap. #Jobs #Economy #Healthcare
Can we start impeachment proceedings yet?
More bull Stop the games and get to the nation business 
Can we impeach now?
It's the truthful statements that surprise me most. I can't think of any off the top of my head of course.
And your PROOF is????
We are sick of your lies you can't find any collusion and you keep digging digging digging get over it you lost the election
The fundamental question remains. How can Trump lead the US when 95% of everything he says is a fabricated lie?
Ur silence on the probable criminal IT scandal with Debbie Wasserman shows that u r a cover up artist who puts party ahead of the country.
trump lied.  what a surprise.
So, who was this source , oh unidentified.. who drafted your offer of a judgeship for a payoff. Let's see your FBI file
@notlarrysabato Please impeach him.
I am your constituent. 23113. Why hasn't he signed the sanctions bill yet? Everything @POTUS does makes him appear guilty. Why is that?
Ok we've been hearing about this for several days. Just wondering when Dems are going to speak out DW SCHULTZ? Ever?
kinda like when bill clinton asked loretta lynch to not investigate hillary?
Kind of like "If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. Period?"
And he will get away with it.
But you keep pointing out how in-eloquent he is, which one is it?
That's not going to go well with American people and even with Republicans...Trump is Running a Dishonest Governing!
I couldn't get my mom to write me a note excusing me from gym class and this guy @realDonaldTrump writes son a note excusing collusion! WOW
Oh oh Donald what have u done !
Don't you have enough evidence to get rid of the guy already??? Everything he touches or says screams corruption, foul play, collusion, etc.
Yes. And if all Congress does is complain on Twitter, he has no incentive to stop lying. "His" voters love it!
Please tell me that your colleagues in the House are at least saying the word impeachment.
Please remove him from office.
Who gives a shit, do your job!!
Why are we allowing this to become the norm???
You would know You've been doing it on a daily basis
So what if he did, who did you have draft Comey's?
20% Americans Uranium! For 250million$ into Clinton foundation! Trump actions are paper cuts in comparison! You ignorant fools!
@TheTobster111 It's time @realDonaldTrump starts 2 pay 4 his illegal activities! There is more than enough evidence.
What a surprise
Grrrrrrrrr
As it hung his son out t dry fr treason. What an admirable example of "fatherhood" (NOT). Or maybe of a hood as a father (lousy). #DumpTrump
He is going to do whatever he wants
It is just one lie and obstruction after the other. When is Trump going to be impeached? If it were a Dem. they would have been out in Feb.
Hope you can end this universal nightmare soon. The world will thank you. Seriously. Except maybe Russia. #Impeachtrump

Two things Marky.  Who the F watches @cnn?  Second, we moved on from Jr story.  Plz, try to keep up.  I know it is difficult for u, but try
Appears, admission of Guilt, I'm assuming?
Trump lied when he said he found out about meeting from the news. He knew about it & drafted a response-a direct attempt at deception #Liar
When will it be enough?! America is really sick of this clown and his disregard for the law and the office he holds.
Well, that's one draft @realDonaldTrump didn't dodge. #FireproofMueller
So much fucking winning
What is one more lie from #fake45 !!
Oh here we go Mark - thought you were working for us - nope same ol bullshit - see ya mr partisan
How much more must we endure?
Protect us from this lunacy, Senator.
44.5 should already be in handcuffs.
what have YOU done about #obamacare now that its imploding?
All he has been doing is deceiving the American people since he took office. He is unfit to be president.
Another nail in Cheeto's coffin. #ImpeachTrump
Yet you are confirming his FBI pick? This is rewarding obstruction of justice, Senator!
He didn't do it to "mislead the American people"; he did it to obstruct justice. Please make it clear, Senator.
You need to get busy helping american people. Sick of your face on tv. Thats not your job
Glad to see we are going to finally investigating dem. Party. You are all crooked as hell
You beed to move to calif. You have the brains to live there

Enough with the ineffectual passive verb voice. You know he did, we know he did, Mr. Mueller knows he did. Just say it. He lies, constantly.
Fake news
Trump says Russian investigation a witch hunt So why is he covering up for his son who just a boy at 39
Collusion, more lies, not a leader, time for impeachment!!! What are you waiting for?
Mmm DJT deceiving Americans mmmm
There is more evidence out there that the Dems colluded with Russians then anything on Trump. I think we need a Special Counsel to review!
Get some rest Sen
Oh stop it! You deceive the American people every time you open your mouth!
You know based on his denial that there were other meetings, find that and call him out for the cover-up so we can get rid of this jackass.
#FakeNews #Gone2018 I'm a Virginia voter and you are GONE!
So what are you going to do?
And...?
Please, Sen. Warner, pursue this to the fullest extent of your constitutional powers.
Stop wasting the American taxpayers money. Solve America's problems. Pay your own healthcare, no Lobbyists.
So what are you going to do about it? The world at large is waiting for SOMEONE to put this traitor in prison. The GOP are guilty of doing 0
It now appears?  With all due respect, Senator, Trump's appearance has not been very deceiving ever.
Thank you for your due diligence #VAproud
He is in criminal territory. Posse is coming......
So what does America do about this? Sit and stew or get him out of there? The stories are horrible one right after another.
This is one of a long list of his illegal activities. When will there be consequences?
@truefactsstated says "arrests as early as this week". they have "tapes". 
CNN with more Fake News ! For the truth go to YouTube to Infowars and many other honest news media ! CNN got caught making up Fake News !
So....what they claim Flynn was fired for? #FireTrump
What are @GOP senators going to do about this?
Shocker! He lied???
"Many in Venezuela call vote a sham"... I can fully empathize with the crawler on this clip!
Lordy! There's a surprise
This is a damn shame...a total disgrace to the presidency...to the US! Why is this man still sitting in  the WH?
And here is why the wheel is trying to distract the public. So they don't react to this.
Virginia and the Republic are counting on you and your committee
Shut your face Virginia is sick of democrats and their smear/identity politics
Keep messing up Trump. It will make impeachment easier
The question is...What will be the CONSEQUENCES? PLEASE tell US(A) there will be CONSEQUENCES.
The American people urge you Senator Warner to take this into serious consideration of your bi-partisan Investigation. @Michael36776349
Will you people stop beating around the bush and get this guy out of the WHwe can't take much more of this stuff
Stop the lies and obfuscation Liberal Socialists....just a concerned father giving advise to his son...focus on Hillary and Comey! @POTUS
His advice was to lie and obstruct justice.

"He's a concerned father"

Yeah, sure... I'm sure you'd extend your understanding to a Democrat
The only thing I'd extend to a Socialist, worthless, anti-American Democrat will not be tolerated in a Twitter feed.  @POTUS
Then the "concerned father" line you trotted out is completely disingenuous bullshit from a wannabe. Go crawl back under a rock.
Exactly what I thought.
So get him under oath and then impeach him when he inevitably lies, Senator @MarkWarner
Moreover, #Trump clearly played part in #conspiracy to COVER UP #RussianLawyermeeting details

#RICO
It now appears the President actually drafted his son's Trump Tower mtg statement in a way that intentionally deceived the American people. 
Obstruction, conspiracy, Abuse of Power...take your pick
In these troubled political times, look to the future to plan ahead, look to space mining:
@MarkWarner why did you vote "yes" to confirm Wray????
You can't let the witch hunt go can you.  Go back to traveling around Virginia and making useless tweets Senator McCarthy!
Impeach the treasonous snake what are you waiting for?!
Impeachment starts in the House, not the Senate. Articles have been introduced, or at least discussed recently. Can't get far without GOP.
I know it's just frustrating....but thanks
Ready to impeach? Censure?
And you will DO what about it?
STHU, you demented #NEANDERTHAL!!!!!
