Credit reporting firm Equifax said personal info of 143 million may have been compromised in massive security breach http://cnn.it/2xU05M0 
Should Congress create a uniform data breach notification standard for attacks like #EquifaxHack?
Is it time to rethink data protection policies dealing with these large, centralized sets of highly sensitive data on millions of Americans?
The #EquifaxBreach raises serious questions about #Cybersecurity that Congress must address head on and soon.
The unchecked power of credit ratings agencies is the real threat to our economic security.
Couldn't agree more.
Country's cyber security task force???? Under 45???
Now I wonder - should any reporting of my credit be valid given everything that identifies me and my credit is leaked out?
to be fair it says ~210k customer's cc numbers, not 143M. 1/2 of all amer cc #s would be epic tho b/c then the banks would sue
But would you like to sign up for their credit rating protection service?
Market for stolen data has exploded now that Cambridge Analytica has shown that data can be used to manipulate voters & swing elections.
SO TRUE!!!  This all is connected to protecting our Democracy at it's very core!
So what are you doing about it? We need you guys to act for our safety & security NOW.
Maybe these things simply shouldn't be allowed to be collected in the first place
44% to be precise
including me
Please implement stringent penalties for breaches so co's take cyber security seriously. 1year credit monitoring is nothing for affected.
yes!  shut them down
Pls crack down on companies sitting on revealing breaches.  They need to provide more resources w/o cost or waiving rights to those affected
How about Russia taking our voter Registration info. That's still not OK.
@MarkWarner Dissolve the company. This is not acceptable. They need to provide identification protection for all 143 million for life
They need to PAY for us to get ID protection 4 life.Our choice where.Can't trust #Equifax 2 protect our info!#equifaxbreach
Why are there 3 credit reporting agencies? 3X the risk of breach!#equifaxbreach
What have you done for the OPM breach?  @opm #sellequifax
I'm so tired of corporations & government not going the extra mile to protect data. Cyber security is imperative. #EquifaxDataBreach
also sick of Google, Verizon, ATT & Net Cos stealing our data for profit. Can't protect my Privacy since need Net to function in modern time
Equifax bad business practices, which incl failure to investigate & remove info from Cr Rpts other CRAs deemed wrong, needs attention, too.
@Equifax is a fraudulent entity
How about you guys DO SOMETHING about it?
They used an open source platform!  Really?  For this data?
Where were the data architects?  This was my business.  It should absolutely NEVER happen EVER for a company with this sensitive data.
Credit Reporting is illegitimate.A scam perpetuated by the financial and political elites to keep the working class at bay.
Will Congress legislate for 1. Stronger protection requirements on personal data, and 2. Improved remedies (CFPB?) for affected consumers?
How do would one discover whether info has been breached?
Like Irma, this is scary and unprecedented.
@EclecticLizzie Certainly not good news
@BJLeiderman @CNN When will Congress take action against businesses that negligently store data & mishandle hack reporting?
The government sucks at data security too. Remember OPM? US Government took too long too. Did congress make it right for the victims? Nope.
The VERY least they can do is wipe everyone in their data base clean & offer free credit monitoring (AFTER they fix their vulnerability!)
Does this mean I can get an apartment despite old medical bills or do we have to wait for the hackers to build credit
and THE company is charging individuals for credit monitoring services!!!  referring to vicitims as 'customers' ....as if they had a choice!
Oh good news mark. #equifaxbreach is being handled by @Equifax fabricating accounts, claiming breach & demanding money to protect you.
1/Maybe our elected representatives will finally figure out the egregious hold the 3 credit bureaus' hold on Americans and put some real...
2/...teeth into regulating them. If you've ever had your identity stolen and had to deal with them, you would want their top executives...
3/...locked up after being forced to sing their #TermsofService in the public square to the tune of Yankee Doodle.
This is a job for @Snowden . I'm serious.
We need to improve the regulation of these quasi-government like entities. We have HIPAA. We need better rules to safeguard our data.
JFC!! I had my ID stolen twice! Now this? Where can I get help?
Why no seriously complex encryption?
Per them it's likely mine was breached and hubby's too but not the kids. Equifax obviously didn't take it seriously enough to protect r data
@MarkWarner I suspect this was no breach.  I suspect they sold our data.  Please demand a full investigation!  Thank you!
And impossible to boycott them.  I guess there was no way for them to know they might be a big target for hackers though. 
...not to mention the fraud, etc. by Equifax execs
Yes it is......and what will be the consequences for their negligence and delay in notification. Who will make this right?!
We want to know why they sat on this for over a month. They left us vulnerable. They must pay for that.
Isn't time to improve our technology? There will always be those who can breach security but what are we doing to stay ahead of this?
They knew July 29! We just found out AFTER three top dawgs sold their shares for almost $2 million! Isn't that illegal? And they rate ME?
Private corporations who are tasked with protecting our information have once again let us down. Funny how that happens.
All of the #creditbureaus are #fraudulent #Congress MUST hold hearings and demand the #CEOs of @Equifax @Experian & @TransUnion
This is their second bust this year!  Will you help to make them liable for all of our damages?
I'm getting spammed, they're  using my social security number.
Ans they sold their stock before they told public.  Shame.
No be cares... especially the government.
Senator, you must also look into the allegations that the big wigs sold off their stock BEFORE the newd broke.
They should shut it down!
Too busy barking up the wrong tree old dog.  Focus on security not ways to discredit our POTUS.  You want collusion. Turn focus to Clinton
And of course gubment doing nuttin
Thank you Captain Obvious
We are these CEOS not going to jail for not securing the American trust.  Time to hold them accountable!
Senator, how many Members of Congress do you believe had their personal data compromised?
Perhaps that's the best grounds for bipartasanship
Then do something about this!  Equifax needs to have some executives in Rijers Island!
Begs to question, Why does one company have all this information?
Welp. Hopefully they put a fraud alert on our accounts.
Yes Senator and banks will pay for all the fraud that results from the breach at Equifax
And the cost will be passed on to the American people. They'll kick us while we're down.
What are we prepared to do now?! These breaches are becoming more commonplace & it's always the lil' man (or woman) that gets the short end.
Don't even bother going on their website. It is useless! So infuriating. They just don't care. #EquifaxDataBreach
Get on it!  Like yesterday
I think Congress needs to review where billions in hard earned tax dollars went to supposedly "Keep America Safe"
I think that is pathetic. Get rid of EMR and back to old school. Where is congressional oversight. Stop the Russia stuff
They can actually do more than one thing at a time... Why don't you want that investigation to finish?
Who did it? 
Congress is too {something} to understand the ramifications of Security issues. What have they done to protect the power systems... Nada
Can we NOW agree soc sec numbers should be allowed to be changed? Talk about tail wagging the dog...
Needs to be absolutely illegal for any company to use PII like SSN as an identifier. They must generate non-meaningful keys.
@HillaryClinton had a better system n places than any gov r private sector @TheDemocrats @GOP @realDonaldTrump
How can I have my data removed from their site?
I hope they fix this because I'm one of the people that is possibly comprised
@CNN and I'd venture a guess that some of that info has been used to create internet troll bots
So, when the documentary identities of half of the population can no longer be trusted,does a new system of authentication emerge?
Time to investigate, prosecute, and if convictef hold find a remedy that "jails" companies & executives. Forfeiture of assets?
A firm that captures so much PII should have to knot his cybersecurity!
It's a start. Largest breach Ive seen, Federal worker lost hard copy security forms 4 background checks on 6 people.not disciplined 4 it.
For not bringing this to the Public's attention for over a month they should have their business license revoked
I was hacked!
And no one will to jail for this.
As a federal employee, my data was compromised already through OPM, what semblance of privacy is left?
Institutions aren't staying ahead of this. Maybe because incentive v. consequence isn't punitive ($$) enough to make them care....
So why does any business need our Social Security Numbers, other than Social Security Dept?
Why are my eyes looking towards Putin right now? Hmmmmmmmm
The best part is the Equifax CEO's sold their stock prior to announcing this and will buy low, amazing that this is legal.
You calling for hearings?
Is there going to be a congressional  inquiry into this? I think that is warranted right?
Mark, what are u guys doing about the 3 equifax execs that dumped over a hundred mill in Stock before they announced the breach? Whitecollar
Please look into data collection & stewardship by corporations. If data is the new asset, we are being exploited at unprecedented levels.
This happens because of the notion that these institutions are best suited to regulate themselves, which is bullshit. @CNN
US law has not kept up with tech. Companies holding our personal data of this magnitude should be req to have multiple levels of cyber sec.
What will you do about it? #ImpeachTrumpNow & protect private online data! #DoYourJob
What the fuck are you people in our worthless "government" going to do about it? Ban Muslims? Deport Dreamers? Build a wall? #DO SOMETHING
@tedlieu @RepAdamSchiff this is Yuge! Equifax is proof we should abandon the rating system/as is/placing power in the hands of just 3 Corp!
Okay, that's great - another breach.  So what can be done to stop future ones?
Wow, hackers working OT!
Several members of Trump's Cybersecurity Council resigned a few days ago for, among other reasons, neglecting our digital infrastructure.
PEOPLE WE MUST SWITCH TO PAPER BALLOTS FOR 2018 , OBVIOUSLY THIS ADMINISTRATION & THE GOP CAN GIVE 2 SHITS ABOUT SECURING OUR ELECTIONS
We need to undo the freedom from liability these people enjoy
Please make sure the SEC is investigating the insider trading issue, as well!  Thank you, Senator!
Thats what you get for the way the democratic party treated hillary. Now i have something to celebrate
Hold Equifax accountable.  Ditch the whole computerized credit rating thing it does not work
Yes.
1/2 of all Americans, aka every adult with credit in the United States.
Now maybe the @GOP can see why we don't want all the voter information in America in one place on a computer in Mike Pence's office either.
Voter identification must be verified. No more dead  ghost and illegal people casting votes.
If only u could focus on real issues
