After seeing this appearance, the Senator should recuse himself. Another example of disgusting bias.
Mark warner is a total DISGRACE to America. Innocent people, exercised their constitutional right, to vote for the person who they wanted-
one goal-ie to attack the President & in doing so get his 15 minute fame?
No one should be surprised if Mark warner comes on Morning Joe, tomorrow morning & then goes on to CNN,   later that day. This is the way -
Guess what? It did not take even 2 hours after the hearing with Mr. Comy ended & Mark Warner is talking to the CNN reporter who is -
Viewers know exactly what Mark Warner's motives are & the viewers know exactly what this reporter's (Manu Raju-CNN)  motives are?

Great choice! Can't wati!
two complete hacks together in one place. Gross.
Of course you book the democrat. No bias here.

Not to answer is an answer. #worsethanwatergate #coverup 
Egg on face!! No there there!
I guess this would be labeled dumb & dumber
Tomorrow will you please make sure we find out if Comey talked about expanding T/R investigation before his firing, and if so, with whom?
You're an embarrassment to this country. You are chasing bogeymen, and when Rogers and Coats didn't say what you wanted, you pout and whine.
Instead of trying to take our President down maybe the liberals should start doing their jobs and actually do something to help Americans
Warner was a joke during hearings just like his liberal colleagues. All they did was showboat. There's no evidence of any crimes!
Why would Warner soil himself and go on this ridiculous show?
Thank you for your efforts on the hearings. It is a tough matter but please do continue with your efforts and know we are appreciate it.
Good job today at the hearing. I hope they will  answer those questions for the committee in closed sessions.
Big fat nothing burger! #RussiaGate #lyingliberals #beatingdeadhorse @potus never collided with Russia and @HillaryClinton lost!
Americans are tired of Russia Russia Russia! My sister's healthcare is going down the drain!
YOU and Anus King look like FOOLS.  Having a temper tantrum!
Warner.... you and liars will not get away with trying to bring @realDonaldTrump down. He's innocent of all #fakenews from Media!
Awww... you DEMS looking like aholes today on TV. So angry you aren't getting the DIRT you wanted. Trump did nothing wrong! Testimony!
Ask them to write the answer on a piece of paper and send it to you
Great Job Today in the hearings. YOU MAKE ME PROUD TO BE AMERICAN AGAIN.  KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK.
You and morning joe should elope.
Watching you at the Senate hearing get a bib to blot the rabid saliva you are spewing

The Obama Administration’s use of the bureaucracies as political weapons and propaganda conduits is an abuse of… https://ifiwerepresidentiwould.wordpress.com/2017/06/07/the-obama-administrations-use-of-the-bureaucracies-as-political-weapons-and-propaganda-conduits-is-an-abuse-of-power-10-times-worse-than-nixons/ …
Loser!!
All of a sudden these four are looking like they are trying to cover for 4 trump but some just don't want to tip their hand just yet maybe?
Both senior officials stated to u they were not asked nor pressured by the president 2 downplay or halt Russia invest.
These committees are out of control.  Zero evidence, must be dropped.
@JoeNBC your bestie was just beat down. That was great.
Your show and this guest are a fucking embarrassment to our country.
When does his GOP counterpart show up? Guess you are interested in just one side of the discussion. Collusion. #sedition
evidence to back up...just bullshit "anonymous sources" we all know either don't exist, or are just Demmocommie operatives full of lies.
Mark Warner just wants to keep pushing the envelope to pretend there's something going on with the Trump and the Russians
Mark Warner is NOT working for his constituents. He is getting PAID by tax payers and for the last 6 months, this man has DONE NOTHING-
Mark Warner is a threat to this country, he needs to be removed immediately, we must vote him out! @ScottPresler
treated 10X's worse than the crap you're pulling on Trump. Ppl are sick of you cry baby snowflakes making bullshit accusation you have ZERO
Intel director is playing it safe for now by not speaking up maybe he is trying to avoid being fired because we need a Nat Intel Dir now
GET OFF IT, & GET OVER IT ALREADY...YOU LOST THE DAMN ELECTION! Remember, the next Democrat president, which I hope never happens will be
He won't get off of of it! If the potus don't go down him and the rest of the corrupted deep state will all go down. Push hoax to CYA pos
Mike Rogers is starting to look complicit in this bullsh_t too OMG
IDIOT left wingers make accusations with ZERO evidence. 6-7 months later, there's ZERO evidence as stated by fmr Obama officials.
Trump impeding Russia investigation? STOP YOUR DAMN LYING, SHOW THE DAMN PROOF Trump & his admin tried to stop investigation. You & your...
Have you checked this thread out Senator,
Wtf!!! The New FBI Director Christopher Wray's Law Firm Last Year took on Rosneft as a client.. Remember Steele Dossier
#TrumpRussia 


We will make sure you lose 2018

Whiney Joe and Senator Choppers. You better bank on a Russia connection or else 2018 is gonna be a very bad year for dems.
Mark Warner
Fake news should welcome comrades in lies like Warner the clown is the @TheDemocrats appointed barking dog with nothing outside
Lie much didn't you make a boatload of money on some Russian deal you big phony
Doing their best to make something out of nothing daily, these people continue to make fools of themselves on the Russan "witch hunt".
Is president Obama allowing @MarkWarner to speak again?  I know for the last 8 yrs,we never heard a word from him. I guess the muzzle is off
Too bad Chris Cuomo didn't ask about the $6million you made from Russia in 2012
Markie you better start reading what people really think about you below
Sp predictable. Fake news.
I thought Intel Agencies said they believe w/high degree of certainty(like Iraq WMD)Russia hacked. And there's capability of framing others.
Democratic Pilitical Hack..
#Obama911globalwarming:: Memo:,0bama & Gore were in on 9/11/2001 with his GREEN buddies to kill off the competition of the Chicago Climate X
Fake and corrupt.
propaganda ads about healthcare and trump making America Great! These people really think we are all dimwits!!
I trust the work you are doing and I'm grateful. Thank you Sen.Warner.
You shouldnt
Don't watch your show any longer, but ask this clown how r 5000 illegals registered to vote in his state. Forgot, ur not credible journos.
@MarkWarner  supports Obamacare STILL
No one cares.
Eric Trump Says Those Who Oppose His Dad Are 'Not Even People'
HuffPost
Rebecca Shapiro 4 hours ago
You mention Bill Clinton lied. Every morn. BUT YOU NEVER. MENTION  Bush 43 and Cheney lying about W.M.D S.  # morningjoe
Comcast is renaming this show to "Huffington Post TV" @KattyKayBBC @JoeNBC @SteveRattner @mikebarnicle @WillieGeist @jaketapper  @chucktodd
Everyone knows CrowdStrike are the Russian hackers & Guccifer2 was
"Warand Flood" FBI called DNC "help desk" 6 times a/b leaks! (B-Globe).
Is @GOP inherently ignorant & racist? Yep!  https://youtu.be/gEoog0V-xIQ?t=2 
@JoeNBC @TheDemocrats @DNC @esglaude @RepDanKildee @freep @detroitnews
NOBODY watches NOBODY cares
JerkyJoe will be so disappointed today because there is no evidence.He will continue suffering from #PostTrumpElectionDerangementSyndrom
This man is sickening to listen to, whines, boohoos, & get paid by stupid Virginia tax payers who elected him, & has pipe dreams.
Ask him about the millions he made from his Russian business connections … recusal?
Senator Warner should look into why Obama couldn't stop the Russians from interfering in our elections ?
OK Lets talk Comrade Trump and his Russian Collusion
