What really has CVille worried is the potential for violent "backlash" from leftists, but they're too afraid of leftists to admit this.
The only violence created is by the idiots paid by trump, O'Keefe, and crazy alt right. Dems are NOT anarchists. We don't hide our faces!!
Berkeley riots Ferguson riots BLM riots & kill 5 cops in Dallas 2 in NO Scalise shooting Pulse Nightclub mass murder
Berkeley riot was alt right but alt left is no where the numbers of your right. The alt right has been a stain on Our democracy 4 centuries
Berkeley is run by leftists, the rioters were leftists. 2+2=4. This is why they were given free rein and love-tapped by cops/courts.
The violent antifa are not at all like the leftist old folks who run Berkeley.
Like the alt-right nazis, they're young thugs who like fights
Yeah the old leftists run Berkeley, and turn their heads when their leftist thug grandkids riot. Like I said.
Except they didn't turn their heads, as you know if you paid attention.
But bigotry is the order of the day? (if you're a leftist, you'll probably need to look that word up to understand my point)

Red Skull did nothing wrong. And him with the prosthetic limbs from the Zionist wars. #BeatingACripple
Red Skull did nothing wrong? Wtf? What comics did you grow up reading?
He's OK w/Nazis. Believes some races are superior & it's all OK b/c he feels USA was founded to protect hate mongers. Regrets US in WWII?
ANTIFA is the Nazi party founded/funded by George Soros! Soros looked to Hitler, THEY are the haters! Wake up America, we r under Siege!
No one is defending antifa. You seem to be wanting to defend Nazis with some textbook whataboutism and a side of conspiracy crazy.
Big Media and the establishment are protecting antifa.
"Witchcraft has no place in CVille," said the residents, as they cowered in fear of the Inquisition.
Why do you call them nationalists?  Do you call neo-nazis nationalists?
Because they support a former nation that lost, and want to create a new nation where they're in charge just because they're white.
I get it.  I just think you should move to China if you want to live like that.  America wasn't built that way.
No it wasn't.  You imported millions of black people. So what if you are a minority.  Does that scare you?  See a therapist.
So all minorities should go "somewhere else"?  You feel you are oppressed.  White man, go back to white land!
You should be spewing about ANTIFA too right? Oh wait, u support THAT hate!
I'm perfectly ok with punching nazis.
https://mobile.twitter.com/eissolomon11/status/899004762355585024/video/1 …
I'm going to go ahead and suggest that the douchebag who drove his car into a crowd of people "Trumps" this about ten times over.
I'm not comparing evil/hate. Hate is hate & it all needs to end.
Sounds nice. Maybe it could start with Dear Leader.
Free speech? Hate speech. Exactly wtf is wrong with the America. I'm white & they don't rep me, they disgust me.
correct. If America is ever gonna attempt ALLMen&Women are created = , that  has to cease.
Your AntiWhite<most of the country is Whiteand you wonder why Dems are LOSING in Historic ways? why do you hate your Race?
They are such sensitive little things. So privileged and scared of everything. So scared they have to cling to dead generals on horses.
Call them what they are. KKK Nazi white supremacists.
You're a cuck Mark
This is a direct effect of our president and his alt right rhetoric trying to please his base well there you go America this is his base
You and everyone like you is worse than useless.
where the fuck were all these ARMED POLICE TONIGHT? Cause they sure ASF weren't in #Charlottesville 
Yes...
Please speak to Tom Garrett rep of Va 5th district #charlottesville. He encouraged them and continue to do so! @RepTomGarrett
Did you say those same words when Trump supporters & conservatives have been beaten? If not, why not? Have you listened to some Dem hate?
Hate has no place in the USA.
Your generation was handed a 90% white country. You are giving my generation a majority minority country. Don't you have any shame?
Stop calling them white nationalists. They are neo-Nazis.
Is 45 their guest speaker?
Sessions too
Hater need a federal document to spew hate. 
Pretty sure the need for a "federal document" tells you you aren't wanted in Charlottesville.
I know it was granted. 
I'm laughing at the need for it to be granted. 
Hate filled dumbasses.
>Anything I don't like is hate
This is your brain on leftism
White nationalism is the result of self-hatred & jealousy. 
You are a bunch of fools.
Ethnomasochism is the result of self-hatred and jealousy but I still wish you the best.
I pity you
Have fun w your loser buddies
You put a "label" on the people who got a legal permit to protest the removal of a confederate statue. If the 'anti-protest didn't show up 0
Just the Nazi ones.
then you must ban BLM and illegals marching in the streets; they are racist groups
It's sad that these people have spent their whole lives hating people instead being joyous to be alive and free to be anything they want.
Whites can congregate just like any other group. Cant discriminate.
Can the fucking national guard go in and end this already?
Alt right trolls here to warn us about "soon"?  They think they have enough ppl to rise up. Don't they know there are more of us than them?
INDICT TRUMP for Hate Speech leading to violence & murder. LOUDLY call for firing Bannon Gorka & Miller
Indict Mo Senator for assassination remarks and ANTIFA for their hate!
So you support the Zionist globalists in their continuing to destroy US culture, to make way for Zionist controlling global govt?TRAITOR!
yes, blame the BJM and the antifa, the left, the democrats, they are trying to silent the conservatism.
@POTUS statement was an abomination. Please have the Senate confirm out loud, an American was killed today by a White Nationalist.


I am not supporting KKK or any hate groups!  Hate is never okay! I do think statues should be left alone...you can't just erase history.
Google "Lost Cause of the Confederacy" please. Those statues were never about history.
I believe the plan is to move that status to a museum.  It will still be on display but not in a public square.
As they should be. An object lesson about racism; not a thing Nazis can rally around.
Why are #Libtards so hung up on melanin.. judging others on basis of skin color rather than content of character?
That is how they asked to be judged, halfwit.
You haven't answered why your ilk is so hung up on melanin & why BLM is peachy #Libtard...
Part of Globalists Agenda is to erase all Identity/History/Constitution so that the Sheep can embrace Tyranny/Police State easier! Satanic!
Warner is a Globalists Statinists! Saul Alinsky Ideology is Hitler's Ideology. Look it up, u will see same message being imposed on US/world
Trumps people, Trumps America. Hurry Mueller.  ......

Are you saying you don't like family portraits? Kind of weird.
Senator Warner, when are the American people going to see more testimony of the Russian Cyber Attack?
Trump had no Collusion
So I guess "Virginia is for Lovers" is not on the table for this year's tourism slogan?
"Virginia is For Lovers of Racial Purity" maybe?
Did you say this when the hate group Black Lives Matter chanted "what do we want- dead cops & when do we want it-now. You're Hypocrites!!!
It's free speech when BLM/ANTIFA/MUSLIMS riot/kill, but hate when God/Country loving ppl stand for 1st/2nd Amend. Such Hypocrisy!

It’s called free speech even when it offends
No, it's called hate speech.
Down with Trump, the Nazis, neo Nazis and racists and the white nationalists and the Alt right, trumpanzees and assholes.
Here's something you'll understand.
Absolutely, they have no place anywhere in the United States
Well, they came from VA sooo...
But the have a better shot at attending UVA thanks to you.
Please urge Governor McAullife to step in and end this violence.  People are getting badly hurt.
The white Nationalist are in the White House, Steven Miller is a leader of a group since his days in college (Duke) & Steve Bannon, Racist
baby boomers suck. destroyed the economy now you clowns are trying to cause more racial strife?
It's #RepublicanTerrorism !
Who doesn't think this will go well?
"Hate has no place in Virginia"
Is it me or is country going bonkers? Boy do we need adults like you in government
Women hypocrite
"Unite the right"
Did I read that correctly?
Any right wing republicans voicing opposition?
So far I see @senorrinhatch
Their tiki torches may be fueled by citronella but their ideas are fueled by hate, & have no place in civil society. https://twitter.com/aletweetsnews/status/896189794778218496 …
@MarkWarner why would you encourage the loss of freedom of speech ? Freedom to protest peacefully ? It will ruin this country 
Tell ANTIFA to go too.  Ohio license plates spotted.  Troublemakers bussed in.  A set up by George Soros.
Hopefully, you are in Charlottesville helping quell this and not just sitting in your safe house wringing your hands.  DO YOUR JOB!
IT IS 2017 - Thanks America
How you figure? Seriously.
Thank you, Senator!

Keep telling them city is named after the BLACK Queen of England&Queen Victoria's grandmother&5 greats 2 today's royals;piss em off royally
To the historical Marchers
Thank you for preserving the statue in memory of my own ancestors
North and South
#UVA 
#Charlottesville
Like the 19th century...
This is all apart of Donald Trump's doing along with Steve Bannon
Typical antiwhite politician
Always attacks white people
But you sure  would welcome BLM,hypocrite
"Where you came from" is the United States. Your words are empty. Go to Cville & stand with protesters, like @MariaChappelleN does w her ppl
Perhaps shaming people is not the answer. Young conservative men want to be heard, too. What ever happened to rational discourse in the USA?
So your saying young conservative men are white supremacists? The marchers were chanting nazi slogans after all
I'm not there. 
Tim Kaine's son dressed up like ISIS to protest @POTUS Trump, set off explosives & Media was silent.
Hate has no place in VA!
Richmond was the Capital of the Confederacy. This is its home
I can't wait to see the National Guard grab these guys by the pussy
Are these the ppl that feel left out and ignored by our government?
We come from The United States.
Where exactly do you expect us to go? We are taking our country back and its going to be a wild ride.

#MAGA
You would rather they shoot Police like BLM right???
Sadly, far too many of these Nazi-light clowns ARE from Virginia. There is a a reason Charlottesville has become the 'white Ferguson'
Thank you Senator Warner for standing up for Virginia.
They are our neighbors, co-workers and where are they going???? They have been around a long time and will stay unless we STOP them

.@JackSmithIV is currently en route to #UniteTheRight, a huge alt-right rally in Virginia tomorrow — follow him and stay tuned for updates. 
Funny how quiet you are when BLM is tearing up the place. Crickets......
you're an unabashed racist. You'll be marching with them.
Or anywhere here in America  !
All of these vermin come from other states and incite violence in liberal or progressive towns. They try to pull this crap in Portland.
And they shouldn't even think of coming here.
Mark - U have to seriously consider running for President in 2020. Ur country needs u.

Always trying to connect ALL white ppl w/KKK, that way when they stand for our Country, it would be easier to criminalize/demonize them!
Well said, Senator. These morons came from trump's swamp. trump, their lord & master, emboldened them, so now they march. #TheResistance
i have some news about where they're from, Mark.


Pass the pics of these peoples' faces all over Twitter so people know who is behind these disreputable movements.
Thanks Mark!  Virginia is for lovers, and here we're going to love.
Your president says hate is ok
The call is coming from inside the White House.
Mark, go read Cville Vice-mayor Wes Bellamy's  tweets - "I fucking hate white people"- then we'll have a discussion about "hate". I'll wait.
You and your party started this...
Where is the similar tweet concerning the latin american gangs descending on VA?
I wish your state's governor agreed with you.
This was a horrendous act of terror and hate and this president just start talking about employment records  ?!!????!!!
Nice words but what are you actually going to DO about this?
Thank you for speaking up!  We need good people to speak up.
Curious, had Gillespie condemned this yet?
@JoeHeim thank you Senator @timkaine @RalphNortham
Waiting on @realDonaldTrump  to denounce #WhiteSupremacists #WhiteNationalism #CharlottesvilleKKK  He WILL not.
but it wasn't stopped! They marched last night & were NOT stopped! These are domestic terrorists! what are you going to do about it!?!!
White nationalism is disgusting but ask AntiFa to leave also. They d/n need their baseball bats in VA. Excellent police.
They aren't nationalists sir. White supremacists is more apt or just go straight to Nazi or KKK.
Racism and white supremacy are so ugly. There is no superior race.
Yeah, sorry, Governor, but VA has been a simmering cauldron for a while now...Suggest you spend some time in the Shenandoah Valley...
Ive been to Charlottesville outside of a March and was warned to be careful of the white supremacists in the town. This wasn't imported.

The #Charlottesville after show party.

https://youtu.be/HPXHRX8Q2hs 
Thank you!!!
To the white liberals who have taken over Virginia. Leave our history alone
I would love if @Ancestry tests all racist white supremacists for free, and for them to find out how diverse their "pure" bloodlines are.
How is it legal for hate groups to gather? Or exist?
To late Mark, they came with guns shields clubs and other stuff yesterday•And know you and the child want to say something•Its to late
These dumbasses don't rep me but if they were any other race, would this guy say "go back to where you came from"... Hell No!

You're assuming many of these folks aren't Virginians. Note to self: Never move to Virginia.
Trump you need to heal man. You need to see a physiatrist and go on heavy meds. What a waste you are!!!
Unbelievable! The hatred. Jewish black gays more..this is great again?  Not a word from WH. OMG America will never recover from this potus
I say let's take lots of photos to ID the ppl & refuse to hire.

I'm assuming where they came from is a MAGA rally.
I know where Korea could aim the nuke.no damage anywhere but on them
Excellent virtue signaling here. You deserve the moral high ground.
I'm sorry Sen Warner. These Nazis live & work here. Beside us every day. We need to stop pretending they crawled out of holes.
hate has no place in America, starting with trump and his admin.
fine for you to say, in your ivory tower. Why is rallying for preservation and racial continuity bad but only when whites do it?
Understood! Now what actions are you doing to ensure the go back to where they came from?
I see we're #MAGA. Sad, So Sad.
"Virginia is for Lovers", not haters!
Unfortunately, white nationalists are in the majority of states in the US!
Yeah @MarkWarner maybe you need to visit the Southern parts of your state more often. I drove through them on my way to college "Lynchburg"
We need more than words, Mark. What are you going to DO about it?
Cockroaches are emboldened to come out into the light.
Remember when your party called Bush a racist! McCain a racist! Romney a racist! Why are you ginning up racial tensions
@realDonaldTrump anything to say about this? or are you just going to ignore it like all of the other acts of hate?
WOMEN in this country showed Nazi' wanta bes that they present peaceful marches with 100 times more protestors all over the country
Richmond was the Confederate capitol. VA has a problem.  has a problem. As white ppl we're all to blame, even if we find this abhorrent.
How about Congress pressure @POTUS to kick Bannon and other white nationalists out of the @WhiteHouse ?  Our tax $$ should NOT be paying .
Good Job.. Virginia is place for beautiful Sweetbay Magnolia and peace..
@MarkWarner I did not vote for Trump but we have a constitutional system whereby he can be voted out in 3 years. That is how we roll
And yet the Nazis have landed in Virgina and the police don't seem to care.
You're just worried some of your Antifa friends will hurt themselves trying to attack the white people.
just stay the hell out of oregon.
Quit giving these idiots coverage and a platform because this is exactly what they want
Your right Sen. Warner! Peaceful demonstration has no place in America. Repeal 1A!
Sarcasm, for those who can't tell
So maybe you and your progressive friends should stop whipping these people up
Hate was born in Virginia...mid 19th century, I believe.
Where are these fascists staying? interesting to know what hotels and establishments aided and abetted Nazis coming together in the USA.
"Go back to where you came from" such a statement can only be used against whites.  Can you say it to non whites flooding our county BIG MAN
They came from us , because we are a society of different views and beliefs so we are responsible. Hate has no boundaries until understood.
Too bad we all couldn't just agree to disagree and not hate one another because we look differently or believe in different things!
AMEN !!!
Hey, Listen up conservatives. Sen. Warner thinks we're all white nationalists. Too clueless to realize  we come in all colors. So racist.
@timkaine Education, research, & medicine should be the world headlines for Jefferson's UVa not violent nazis.
Charlottesville: Zusammenstöße bei Protesten von US-Rechtsextremisten http://ow.ly/E1JL50dp7O2 
Trump pretty much Tweeted the day thing yesterday yet liberals are saying he won't condemn them?
God Bless.
I'm shouting out from Keezletown VA, with KKK in Page & Augusta Counties where I have lived.
I live in the area & know that the reporting is being slanted to cover up the real protest and who is behind it. Please report the facts.
Many students not feeling safe, Va. and UVA could do more tonight and tomorrow to #defendcville
Or anywhere else in this country.
Gives the city a very bad image and however will they clean this up.
YOUR People, Antifas, Black Lies Matter and leftist fanatics were ATTACKING peaceful protesters. #YourPeople
