Why is Trump sympathizer @SenatorBurr holding up the investigations?! #BurrMustRecuse
Because most of the GOP are complicit, and Burr is there to block like Nunes.
I know. It kills me bec I anticipated this prob...
Any chance this can be accelerated before he starts WWIII?
Robin I think he's trying to do just that before this starts he's into playing war because he's not in it
Senator Warner.....Update??.....
If it is, why are you doing so little to move it forward? Why is @RepAdamSchiff running circles around you?
This investigation is a big waste of our tax dollars and time that could have used doing the people's business! Going to come up empty.#MAGA
You are a big waste of time!!!
No excuses & no lies will cover up truth-but they're trying. Need ur undivided attention, uncompromised press, & truth n government-PLEASE.
What happened to cooperation with @SenatorBurr? Knew he wasn't buying it, but nice try. #resist
I guess raising his family was nothing compared to finding a excuse for Hillary's loss. Her loss is simple to explain she's a liar!#prison
Then do it, Mark! It's been 3mons since Trump became President and still no independent commission to solely investigate Trump/Russia ties!
@MarkWarner We need to hear from you! Getting very concerned.
So, a partisan hack is the most important thing @MarkWarner has done? Notice he dismisses wrongdoing of Obama & Clinton.
I really wish he'd get the Hell on with it! Trump is more than willing to start a War to Distract us from #Trumprussia! Needs to be DONE!!
Great, now demand Burr recuse himself for impeding the investigation. 3 months and no pertinent interviews. Make us proud don't be cowed!
@SenatorBurr The ppl deserve to know the truth; what has Russia done to our National security 
MR. WARNER - CONGRATULATIONS for putting country 1st. @SenatorBurr IS PROTECTING GRUMP.  HE IS A DISGRACE & MUST RECUSE HIMSELF.
Sen...what's happening on #Trumprussia? This situation is worsening by the minute. Repubs are not serious.
What are you doing after show u put on with @richardburr ?  Get investigation going.  WTF?
this was days ago what are you doing? No serious staff, no witnesses. DO SOMETHING
We need to get to the bottom of this quickly as POTUS is about to get us into a war. His taxes would show if beholden to foreign govs..hurry
Sir, you need to speed this proceed up! He's gonna get us into a war if you don't stop him!
Keep it up Senator. We need you, and you have my vote.
If this is the most important thing you have ever done, then why are you letting Burr get away with obstruction?  Step up, man, be a leader!
So give your friend Burr a kick and get moving.
Stop the continuous assault on whom the people VOTED for and get to work. Already in a vacation for two weeks? Who does that? OnlyWashington
Senator, I plead with you to have a serious sit down with Senator Burr and decide that a subpoena of President's Trump's is necessary
R u still a 1%er! Making money hand over fist while n office! Hey give back ur pay like 45, ur rich u can afford it! That would be greatest!
The sheep support u! Same ones who think higher taxes r good! U haven't done a blessed thing all this time! Appomattox! Tornado! Nothing!
What about the other 5 that found nothing Wasre of taxpayers money
We the people expect this investigation. Trump cannot bully the people. You work for us and we expect your voice to be ours.
What are your connections to Russia senator
I think we are chasing a figment of someones imagination.
Thank you Senator. It's patriots like you in Congress who'll save our country.
If chasing your tail for nothing is the most important thing you have done, then I feel sorry for you.
Absolutely the hardest thing when Congress is composed mostly of lobbied hacks. The country needs "A Few Good Men" bad at the time!
PLEASE get on with it! There has been so much reporting about Page & Manafort this week as well as the reports out of the UK. 
Thanks to all of you working on this.   This is one of the most important things America may ever do
Get to the truth and soon @MarkWarner!
. . . .Which it appears to be, no matter how many bombs they start flinging around the world
Well, yes, it is the most important thing in the world to find out if your government is now occupied by traitorous knaves.
@MarkWarner Great!
Maybe  look into the Podesta's/Russia  while you're at it too,  Warner.
Hillarys's campaign chairman "forgot" to register as foreign agent
from the sounds of it, his constituents would like him to quit the nonsense and get back to work...
Warner is a paid Soros agitator!
Hope Warner is open enough that he'll look for the Russian connection to Hillary. He'll have a better chance of success!
Then yours,sir , is so far a very undistinguished career.
- If that is true, he is really a LOSER, because he's barking up the wrong tree!
He's never done a thing.
Typical Democrat. Most important thing he has ever done...wasting his time on a lie.
kinda sad. guy must not have kids..or a wife??
It is. Possibly most important investigation in history give the possible results of Trumps trigger finger
Where are all the #Patriots? Why are @MarkWarner & a few in Congress the only ones to think this? @GOP @DNC #patriots #Trumprussia
So your investigation of a fake allegation was "the most important thing you've ever done". Hmmm. Doesn't say much about you then.
Thank you for your devotion  
Most important thing he done since his search for Bigfoot.
Press/Dems  hyping this for 9 mos and  still nothing- just innuendo. You think you'll save face if youre able to prove Manafort is a sleeze?
You mean someone has to prove to you Manafort is a sleaze. You don't know this? Just by looking at him. Ugh.
Trump is going to bomb the Russia investigation with bigger bombs until people stop talking about it.
If it is, knowing there's nothing there to destroy Trump, what does it say about the important work for American ppl?
Hopefully, it won't take much longer.  Too much damage being done
Incorrect. So much damage o UNdo.
Not incorrect. Damage has to be done in order to undo.
Is this a joke?
It will be the most important when you keep finding Real Evidence #obama Spying on Opposing Political Party and Attacking Our Democracy
Only thing Warner has done. Blah blah blah
THEN YOU AIN'T DONE MUCH !!
HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA
what a loser
You are correct, @MarkWarner. Keep at it. We've got your back. 
