Sir why are we proceeding with Trump's picks while he is being investigated by the FBI?
You are so blind and what makes I so righteous. The corruption on your side is like a cess pool. Killary, Loretta, Eric etc.
Your side is disgusting! This is my adoptive country and it is a shame what you and your cohorts have done. I want to cry it hurts so much
Mr. Warner, please look at these comments and see how polarized your nation has become. Much of it is unfounded.
You reside in British Columbia. Are you an American citizen?
I follow American politics closer than most people. Location is irrelevant.
Ur more informed than most US citizens.We r polarized due to dark $ in politics. Warner's approval points to more corruption.@Senator Warren
Israel Lobby lackey @MarkWarner wont mention Israel's dirty little secret influencing US elections: http://www.unz.com/pgiraldi/israels-dirty-little-secret/ … #russiagate
We need a Congressional investigation into the heavy bias of Robert Mueller!
Senator @MarkWarner,

I #hope you consider the safety for EVERY AMERICAN here and abroad.

We need #leadership in Congress.

#TheResistance.
Humm
North Carolina #FOIA report -- several voters saw official w/machine OPEN; stated would feed ballots in LATER, per complaint. #unhackthevote 
As a constituent, I am wondering when is it that you will actually stand up for us and stop going along to get along with #45?
Thank you for being open about your decision and why.  None of THIS is normal.  Nevertheless decisions need to be made.
Big mistake. Trump should not be able to put anyone in anywhere until Russian Invest is completed! Do not Normalize DJT! Grifter

@SenatorBurr Kasowitz does not have Security Clearance. When did US allow just anyone to view Top Secrets without clearance?
*Hands @MarkWarner & @SenatorBurr a cup of coffee. 
I'm going to need a new cup of coffee, since the old one just came flying out of my nose.

https://goo.gl/gekSQc 
@maddow 
Can we revoke Kushner's Security Clearance yet? 
The document requires a signature pledging that the information on the form is "true, complete, & correct." 

*Kushner gave his signature* https://twitter.com/blakehounshell/status/885695457669894144 …
@RVAwonk @RepAdamSchiff @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats 
This 
If the President wants his family to run the government, they must be held to the same high standard as any other government official. 12/12
@RepDonBeyer America needs ANSWERS
No one should be nominated or advanced until  it's cleared up @MarkWarner @SenJackReed @SenWhitehouse #NoWray #WrayOut

PLEASE NO.   HE DID NOT ANWSER  ( what should a person who gets contacted by another country during campaigning). HE COULD NOT ANSWER! PL NO

Even with all his Russian ties???????? 
You cannot approve anyone until the Investigation into the Trump Campaign and Russia is concluded? Too much uncertainty
No collusion. How many ways does it have to be proven
Wray is not a good choice. He is another PutIn nominee. Please please do not support this nominee.   He is connected to Russian mob.
https://twitter.com/JamesFourM/status/885206093605072901 …
Possible that Mueller made a deal w Wray and Warner/Feinstein are playing along?  Mueller&Comey  know him.
I don't trust Wray.   He is very RU connected.
@POTUS U are quite ignorant, Mr. Warner. The FBI is NOT an independent agency; it reports like DOJ to the EXECUTIVE BRANCH. What a fool.
Yes, you should definitely give Trump's nominees the benefit of the doubt. After all, they've always been honest and forthright before.
Did you ask him any ?'s about his ties to Russia? he has them. Wray erased his ties 2 RU from his bio.  @SenFeinstein
Comey should have been re-instated, but I hope Wray is not influenced or allow corruption. We will see.
When are we going to see Trumps taxes,and why are we paying him to stay at his own resorts.
I want to see hillarys 33k deleted emails
This seems a little odd in light of @maddow show last night.  Do you have a statement on that?
He seemed fairly middle of the road. He has a head on his shoulders. He didn't try to dodge questions in a hollow way. He is substantive.
He said he'd resign if asked to do something improper. Graham coached him repeatedly. The correct answer. I'd notify DOJ, Congress & public
Absolutely right. That resignation is not an option, but notification and pushing back is the correct option.
He looks good on paper and in hearings but what about vetting? We cannot afford to be wrong with this man. No collusion/Russian involvement?
He very much has been involved with Russia in the past! Warner just exposed himself...Warner does not care.
Nonsense.
It is not nonsense at all. Talk and hearings are useless unless they lead to meaninglful change when desperate circumstances demand change.
the POTUS is under investigation & you want to vote for 1 of his nominees? Stop acting like these are normal times. They're not.
Why? When he tried to hide his own Russian ties?
Why support him Mark? Wray has deep client ties to Russian clients for Rosneft of all things! don't agree with this  support. @SenFeinstein
Well, that mighty big of you, now help repeal Obamacare, its a joke.
Please do not approve any Trump nomination until the active investigations against the Trump campaign and election hacking are complete!
I"m very uneasy about Wray.I wouldn't trust anyone Trump nominates.T's judgement is fatally flawed & motives are suspect. Please reconsider
 PLEASE reconsider.
Work for Russian Oil may mean he works for mob boss Simion Mogelivich.
Investigate before vote
@SenFranken @SenWarren
@MarkWarner are you all traitors?  Have we been taken over completely?  #Trumprussia #Treasonmeeting Does America mean nothing anymore?
@MarkWarner A hostile foreign gvt has infiltrated our gvt at highest level! STOP!  Do NOT agree to ANYTHING! #Trumprussia #TreasonMeeting
In other words, you don't want the FBI to investigate top democrats for criminal conduct. Got it.
Sen. Warner, did Hillary Clinton break the law?  A simple yes or no will do.
The @FBI is NOT and NEVER will be an Independent part of GOVERNMENT!! Where did you go to school?
With all due respect, have you flipped to the dark side. We do not want another Ruskie on deck!
he sounds like  a man of character . at least from his hearing
Vote No ,listen to who you work for "Us the public ".
Russia ties
well "Senator",.. I do agree with you on this one! The big question now is,.. WILL HE INVESTIGATE ALL CRIMINAL BEHAVIOR in Washington D.C.??
His law firm is involved with Rosneft. Why do you think Trump picked him? This is irresponsible.
No more confirmations!
Are you kidding? Is the parade of nominees who perjured themselves not 
sufficient evidence that you can't believe these guys?
You know you've made the wrong decision when #MAGATS praise you
Damn!! I thought you were a White Hat!!! Is there even one Senator who hasn't sold out our country??? First the GOP & now the DEMs
Bernie is the only one left to trust. Maybe Warren too.
ABSOLUTELY NOT!
Ugh noooo, bring Comey back. 
We will see, he had a hard time answering Sen. Lyndsy?
Don't do it!  Time to take the gloves off and fight for our country!
How many Russians has he met with?

Did Trump make him pledge loyalty prior to his nomination?
NO NO NO! Trump's administration is under serious investigation. He gets NO MORE APPOINTEES. If you approve anyone you WILL be voted out.
Sessions said the same didn't he? No confirmations until investigations of POTUS & others are done!
Mark warner is the defenition of a true pansy. His mom would be proud! #pansy
Sir I admire you, but cannot condone the confirmation of anyone this administration nominates until they show appropriate respect for the
Rule oflaw and answering to the actual people of  USA.  DOJ was asked to release Sessions
within the month, and they ignored the law which they are supposed to be defending.
Breaking reports:
Trump campaign's digital ops sent voter info on precinct-level in swing states to Kremlin hackers.
Beware, promised pledges has been lies when seeking support of nomination!
As a constituent I am very disappointed to hear this. Regardless of apparent merits, no nominees appointed by illegitimate Presidents!
I hope this is the right thing to do. I still have doubts.
Hail to the Chief!
You ask for a pledge well well well seems you are two faced
#shame on you @MarkWarner he's got Russian ties! He's NOT independent of this corrupt White House. NO Dem should vote for ANY Trump nom!
Hope he's no lying. I don't trust anybody anymore.
I still don't know if I trust him; I don't like his recommenders
I guess you can teach an old dog new tricks.  Great job Mr Warner!
Bad news in light of his Russian connections
I fail 2 understand how a President under Federal investigation 4 obstruction of justice & collusion w a foreign adversary has a nominee.
NO,plz research this https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2017/06/08/trump-new-fbi-director-chris-wray-russian-ties-rosneft-gazprom-column/102603214/ … He would say/pledge anything to get the job!!He's Trump/Russia's man!!!PLZ RECONSIDER & OPPOSE!
How in the hell are you doing this? The man's got many ties to Russia/Rosneft, and was picked by our traitor of a pres. WTF?
Really??????????  What. Does. It. Take? This is such bs. We are under attack. And you enable this?!!! .@MarkWarner

https://twitter.com/jamesfourm/status/885206093605072901 …
PLEASE review the video.  Wray is not the man for this hour. He ONLY said that he wld resign over Torture IF OTHERS DID. Not a leader.
You can't be serious?
There goes my vote for you.
FBI needs to clean house fire all those gov. Workers that are spying on millions of Americans. Follow the laws. Stop government corruption.
Virginia Dem here. This is a disgrace, amplified by your support of Tillerson and John Kelly. You're an embarrassment. Voting against you.
Please don't! He had Christie's cellphone during Bridegate. I don't think he has integrity!
Will he prosecute the president who nominated him?
Please vote no.
Please don't do this.
Please put my partisan politics aside and put America first our country needs term limits and limited government thank you
You know he's also highly tied to Russia, right? 
Lying under oath is a prereq for this admin.
Approve no one until we sort election  out.
We are always being played for fools. #shame
Mark, buddy, whatre ya doing here
I'm a constituent, and I'm extremely disappointed by this. Wray has ties to Russia. Why would you trust his "pledge?"
I'm skeptical of him. Also, should Trump be appointing a head of the FBI?
Does the fact that he hid Chris Christie's phone during Bridgegate to hide evidence, his ties to Russia & oil and gas doesn't bother you?
He is a short stack
Trump chose him. While Trump is being investigated by the FBI. Senator, I think you're making a mistake and I'd like you to reconsider.
Congratulations, Senator. You've just handed over the FBI to Trump.
Twitter needs a "do not like" button.
Ok but just remember what we now have as cabinet and Gorsuch sure nice guys but .....
Only problem is that any Trump pick would have had to meet the loyalty test. Regardless what they say in public.
#1 is that Trump should not be choosing a FBI director while he is under any kind of investigation. Big conflict!!!
Chris Wray is compromised. He will not be a fair and impartial @FBI director. He works for Semion Mogilevich.
Do what you must but remember he was appointed by @realDonaldTrump and is being confirmed by @GOP.
Republican pledges are worth nothing.
I think you are making an enormous mistake. Through his firm, he has far too many Russian ties. Clincher? Christie's phone. & no Trump appt.
I hope we will not all regret it, but he deserves a chance, and I trust you Senator Warner
Milquetoast
Absent specific, verifiable, persuasive evidence to the contrary I will continue to mistrust any @GOP politician or anyone appointed by them
Unbelievable...there is hope for you.  Thank You!  I still think you're witch hunting is silly and will turn on you and Dems.
His "pledge"?  Are you that naive?
What about those Russian ties, Senator? It doesn't bother you that the Director of the FBI has them?  FYI, It really bothers many Americans.
You'll have another Jeff Sessions on your hands. VOTE NO.
Cuz team trump would never lie
He seemed like a weasel to me. Please don't do this.
You were all wrong to support Sessions. Hope you're not wrong this time with crucial position.
So his many Russian ties are A Ok then.?
Warner is Anti American
Mark, you are a fool.  A fool or an accomplice
Oh no. You actually trust someone who represented Chris Christie and Russian oil? And he would not say Russia is our adversary. Why?!
I'm a constituent, and this is a mistake, Senator.
Is that before or after you met with him privately?
He said after.
what??
Ever wonder sometimes if you're being played?
Mario asked Luigi...
I prefer Link.
R U NUTS.
Et tu, Brutus??? Say it isn't so!!!!
You will regret it!  Do not trust this man!
His replies to Senator Graham's questions about Russia were appalling!?!!
Thanks Mark.  I won't rag on u for a few days.  again, Thanks for MAGA!  Saw u on @FoxNews tonight.  We'll make u a conservative yet.  lol
This photo looks priceless. Both of you look unhappy.
Usually support your opinions, this one isn’t one of them. No support for Trump under any circumstances
NO!!! He's a Russian puppet!!!
the fbi has never been ind. its the most corrupt organization in america. if you support the, you support traitors
Great.  I felt pretty good about him while watching his testimony.
Big mistake. Such a weak candidate during his hearing yesterday.
Did our president say this? Really? I mean a president who said this would need to be removed, right? 
He was SO evasive at points! His law firm ties to Russia don't concern u considering recent events? Hope you're right.
Really wish Int.Comm quest. Wray's ties to RU. DOJ/Sessions just gave slap wrist on Prevezon $$laundering case. Wray compromised w/ RU too!
Senator, can you please tweet your announcement to confirm AG Sessions again?
I just want to compare your language b/w both Trump nominees
Hmmmm...
Don't do it, Mark!!!!!
SO DISAPPointing! HE HAD TIES TO RUSSIA...WHAT the fahk are you doing? @thedemocrats #trumprussia #treason
Bummer. I am really disappointed in you. Will now look elsewhere for someone else to trust re: Russia. You lost mine with this decision.
Your hearings regarding Russia are now no more than show to me. Will turn elsewhere like @RepAdamSchiff . So disgusted!
I a former life-long voting Republican who just left the party Dems need me much more than I need you. You just lost me. I don't need this!
I hope you're sure. I've heard his firm reps Russia.
As one of your constituents I've got to say I'm disappointed that when @BretBaier asked you about jobs and economy in VA instead of 1/2...
..continued preaching re: Russia, you completely ignored his question and kept talking about Russia
You might want 2 check his ties 2 Russia 1st! And find out why he deleted Russia ties from his Bio! VOTE NO
How can you hold him accountable to that pledge? Anyone Trump touches lies.
Yea!  And the dems are so truthful.  Wake up!
I can get behind it if you and Feinstein are confident. Glad to know this.
Senator, with all due respect, I don't know how anyone could trust any of Donald's appointments. Wray's firm has ties to RUSSIA.
That you my exact thoughts. Sorry we aren't buying this guy!
You know you don't vote for him right?
Really? Did you not watch the confirmation hearings.... he's just like Gorsuch. He didn't answer the questions honestly.
I'm glad he is like Gorsuch.  U can't find a more truthful non partisan administer the law guy
BOT ALERT. Check his page 
About time you did something right
Anyone Trump nominated should be immediately disqualified....
You're right, let's just not have any appointed officials at all!
Not from Trump.
From who then dummy?
Whoever replaces him when he is impeached/resigns
That's not going to happen.  Even if 2018 is bad for Republicans, Senate Supermajority of 67 won't be reached to impeach (see Bill Clinton)
..and while you hold your breath are we just supposed to leave these roles empty?
Did you ask him to investigate Ukraine’s involvement with the DNC in an effort to elect HRC? Seems the DNC met them at their embassy.
