DeVos will end Obama rules on campus sex assault: http://wp.me/p5hgNQ-1ZXy  
She's a red flag for so many bad things
If you care about student safety, I'd suggest talking about alcohol! Always involved, rarely mentioned. Come on Senator. Speak up.
#alcohoilawareness Absolutely Janet-Politicians avoid and silent on the deadliest drug Alcohol and must cut all ties with it
Going backwards yet again. No female student should be afraid to come forth if she's been a victim of sexual assault. Why protect rapists???
Entire speech  http://youtube.com/watch?v=gBe8R3 …  She is not scrapping protections! Listen! Think. Discern. Due process is a big deal.
That's right.  It's so shameful.
We voted for President Obama to represent us. By rolling back his work, they are erasing our voice for a decade. It's anti-American & evil.
This entire administration is a red flag.
25:4 this insane anti-science climate-change-denier-in-chief before he destroys everything
And white only.  ( which I am ).
Betsy DeVos is one giant red flag.
She is the worst possible consequence of election.
@8NEWS Unbelievable!  They're not happy until they have reversed everything President Obama had achieved.
Entire speech  http://youtube.com/watch?v=gBe8R3 …  She is not scrapping protections! Listen! Think. Discern. Due process is a big deal.
#StopBetsy #ListenToSurvivors
Was she born female?
This is truly unfortunate & very bad for women's safety... But, what do U expect when a self professed "P*ssy Grabber" is in the WH?
@BetsyDeVosED is WRONG for rolling back this policy. She's putting girls/women at risk & sending a message that their voices don't matter.
This allows more Jessie Matthewses.
Entire speech  http://youtube.com/watch?v=gBe8R3 …  She is not scrapping protections! Shame on you Senator. Due process is a big deal.
If this happens you must set up healthcare response locally. ERs, PP so police reports can be filed via hc system.
Trump and these outrageous greedy cronies with their psychopathic agendas need to go now! How on earth did we get here????
And for this of us who have been rape and are students.
She is an UNACCEPTABLE education secretary. Never should have made it through confirmation. Shame on the senate.
Ending necessary protections simply because Pres. Obama's name is attached is ego-driven and dangerous. This unqualified admin has got to go
She is beyond disgusting and totally blind to campus reality.
Another TRUMP disaster. I hope to God, that she is headed to wearing an orange jumpsuit, with dear brother Erik Prince. #TreasonWeasels
It's a continued red flag to anyone who cares about education
Your comment is a red flag warning those who care deeply about ---- DUE PROCESS.
This puts students at risk, in danger. Schools have obligations to provide safe environments, yet will assist crimes
She's nuts
Does she have kids? A soul?
I can't believe that she would end protection for women. It baffles me that someone who is a female would do something like this.
I have a beautiful 20 year old daughter at WWU and this makes my blood boil. False accusations are extremely rare. Campus rape is not! 
Spell Obamas rules out for us .
Holy moly, what next? Extra credit for rapists?
Everything Trump admin is doing is a red flag!
Just when I think I can't be any more enraged...
Rape victims deserve recourse, but falsely accused and unjustly punished students are also victims, no? Is that better?
#dueprocess for all
With all the issues in our education system, THIS is a priority? I think hate, fear, misogyny, bigotry and turmoil are the only priorities.
Oh thank goodness. Someone is finally speaking up for the rapists, the real heroes. Said no one ever. Well...except DeVos.
If u hve daughters or grand daughters in college I only hope they r safe & never have 2 go through D horrors of rape. Karma is a bitch, thou
I told people this women is evil.... she will end public schools especially a rule and inner-city schools. This is another of her outlook.
Could someone explain the reasoning behind this? It sounds like the dinner bell for rapists to me?
What if it happened to her?  Immuned? I don't think so.
What is her motivation? School is too dangerous, don't go? Stay home and be uneducated? Please tell me!
Her confirmation was the red flag. This is just further proof.
@dianemariereid what a shit show
Yes it is. Following the new policy of undoing every single good thing Obama did.
sickening
@MarkWarner are you going to push forward CASA now? Student safety can't be left to the whims of trump (or any other) administration.
@BetsyDeVosED has never experienced sexual assault and has never been a victim. Going through what a victim does is unbearable
Bet Trump told her to do it. Anything with Obama's name on it has to go that's all trump is about !
@8NEWS Due process. Ask UVA and Duke what it's like to have the university judge you in the court of public opinion.
@deejay90192 @8NEWS Trump & his so called Cabinet are undoing all the departments they are suppose to help! #ImpeachTrump
They aren't a Cabinet they are Criminals and Thieves!
well that is the truth!! Agreed!
so many flags on the field.
https://twitter.com/glendabas/status/906100259499241472 … #SaveDACA #OneAmericanAppeal
This is a red flag for those who care about victims rights
What in Gods name is wrong with these ppl? UGH!
Thank you.
#DumpDeVos
I read her comments. Disgusting.
Increase art therapy by taxation of legalized weed. Sir Ken Robinson approach
How bout seatbelts on school buses
Mark you are a hypocrite.
So proud to have the best representatives @MarkWarner @timkaine @RepDonBeyer
No, it's not. Schools should not handle sexual assault cases. Period. If you are raped or assaulted, go to the police.
Not if you care about all students. Being accused does not always mean guilty.
Disgusts me to see what is happening to our country. This is the latest example and likely not the last.
This woman is evil. How can anyone do such a thing against college kids?
Not what she said and you know it.
Males presumed guilty with no due process should be a red flag too
I don't understand where a school has the authority to handle the situation in the first place. Why no police?
What excuse can this lower life form give for her despicable actions?
Well, gee, maybe you should get Chuckie & Nancy to call their new bestie, Donnie, & tell him to fix things.
@Irishlassis @8NEWS she's horrible
Now Trump is having DeVos end what Obama accomplish. They both don't care about the safety of our children.
Unbelievable
@MarkWarner PLEASE stop @BetsyDevoED - she has no clue about education!
Yes it is
Of all his cabinet appointments this is the one I wish would have been a no. She is not fit or qualified for the position.
Obviously her boss considers her un-grope worthy. She might have another point of view if she'd been assaulted once or twice.
Has anybody be looked into whether her sons Rick or Ryan have been accused of sexual abuse in the past?
What will this accomplish?
Thank you, Sen. @MarkWarner   This is very concerning.
Try... care about enlightenment and SANITY.
The Heritage Foundation is the GOP. Get used to it if they are in power. The Koch's Mercer's DeVos' Etc. They own the GOP!
DeVos doesn't care about anything except The Heritage Foundation's agenda/her agenda! http://www.heritage.org/education/event/the-campus-rape-frenzy-the-attack-due-process-americas-universities …
If you read their (The Heritage Foundation) website, you can see DeVos' every move. It is her "playbook" for the Ed. Dept.
This is a nightmare, right?????
#DeVos is clueless, she should be stop.
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP @CNN @FoxNews This is ridiculous and just puts kids in danger! #RepublicansAgainstTrump #ImpeachTrump #USVet
I care more about the Constitution & Due Process. Something 60s Liberals used to care about as well.
Sounds like the Sectetary is going to visit with colleges/universities before she revamps the rules.  Could B there are better rules coming.
Another example of politics before our citizens

Everything 45 does turns to crap. This woman has no clue. She should just sit and do nothing.

We must never allow people like this take the SAFETY of our students away. Please stop her.
I can't understand how a woman could even come close to doing this. Puppet.
Yes it is as with the rest of the Trump administration. Thank you Sen. Warner.
Mother of a daughter, this is not ok.  Also mother of a son who was taught to respect women.  We must care about the youth--all of them.
She is an idiot!
Funny how nobody cares about the young men whose lives are ruined due to false accusations and the guilty until proven innocent mentality.
Sad
This person has the brain of a cockroach.
How else will I be able to grab them right in the pu$$y?!
What could possibly be the motivation for this??? It's crazy
Her rule can't end soon enough for all of us!  Going way back to the past!!  Just boggles the mind.
All of these Obama policies based on tolerance and respect for others and common sense must be stopped! They are ruining my life!!!
Poor little donnie!
Possibly the truth is that she is just following orders & has no real opinion of her own & is COMPLICIT WITH ALL GOP
X
She is as complicit as the rest of them. Her goal is to have a pool of uneducated students to choose from to sell her Amway pyramid scheme.
She got too close to Trumpet and caught what he has.
Not unexpected since she was appointed by a man who bragged about his own sexual assault. Disgusting!
Campus sex assault was on the rise. Unarguable fact to which everyone agreed. #ThanksObama for caring, unlike "Never Worked a Day" #devos
What about boys falsely accused with no due process and presumed guilty . Lives runined. Do u have a son?
You've got to go, you're the uneducated !!
Nothing this  b**** does should surprise you... @BetsyDeVosED
Actually, Dems are a red flag. Don't trust them at all. Their policies will screw you!
I guess she has sons/relatived who grab their dates by their $^$$@ and she is Ok with  it
I believe the trump admin goal to destroy BO legacy to our country's detriment.
She is an AWFUL human
Can the Democrats get ahead of ANY trump-era policies?  Foresight to blunt some of his actions vs totally reactionary? D*mn #failures
What have done about students attacked and injured by Anti-Fa terrorist? Nothing! You won't even speak out against their campus violence!
Devos is yet another cabinet dingleberry who seems to know only how to do harm to the people she is sworn to help and protect.
Shameful legacy @BetsyDeVosED


As long as you keep Bill Clinton off campus, those young girls should be ok.
Did you vote to confirm DeVos????
What's a red flag is making false statements like 1 in 4 women are raped on collage campuses.... what a shame and am deeply offended. Sexist
This pampered woman must be responsible.  Bad things happen to good people.  They need and deserve the right to prosecute offenders.
What about the ones that Cry Wolfe

Here Is Every Crazy Title IX Rape Case Betsy DeVos Referenced, Plus a Bunch More http://bit.ly/2xSJfwU 
Kinda a red flag for those that care about people. Or law and order...but after Arpaio pardon ?. Do something!  Legislation, perhaps?
Like everything else with this administration if it happened under Obama it must be bad and get rid of it.  God help us.
Just stop misleading people. Did you even read the article?  She is going to make stricter policies? WTH is wrong with you liberals and MSM?
What about those who care for due process?
It's a freaking burning building, not any flag geez
Why, why, why would she do that?
How do we get her out? Seriously?
No, it's a red flag to people who don't believe in a right to due process under the law
Good job!! One less ridiculous ALT LEFT policy to deal with. We r fixing America! Deal with it!
SecEd - More campus assault
SecEPA - Less climate action
SecLabor - No OT, Lower Min Wage
SecState - Fewer Diplomats
AG - No Justice
#MAGA
In short, an oligarchy, a coup, and we now enter third world political realities. We 99% are the new peons.
Parents are worried more now while dropping off kids to college. This admin just wants to erase Prez Obama legacy
You got it
I liked it better when DeVos was making ridiculous comments about Grizzly bears.
Ugh
Not a fan of due process, are you?
This is a win for predators, and rapists.
Why is she in that job?  She's horrible 
True that!
Ur recent actions r a red flag on why Virginians need 2 vote u & @timkaine out of office. Both of u, especially @timkaine r an embarrassment
Outrageously she applied an "on many sides" approach. Wonder where she got that from.

Call me, Betsy. I'll tell you about a girl I advise on a campus, who was assaulted at the LIBRARY and what her life is like now. #TitleIX
Why don't you go back to College now, DeVos and try to blend in! Call it a "human experiment". A State College!
Red flag for the lberals teachers.
It's about time we restored our schools with old fashion principles. 
Remember this date 
Vote them out
Why would a woman want to end safeguards for women? Weird!
Why .... she must get off on the suffering of others....#StopBetsy #WTF #WarOnWomen continues...
Criminal acts should be prosecuted through the criminal justice system, not school-administered kangaroo courts.
I agree, the problem is that prior to these rules, schools did everything they could to suppress reporting to the police and blame victims
It is a true problem b/c it is zero-sum: either underserve real victims or overblame falsely accused.
Wat is wrong with this lady? Is there a constituent of people in favor of sexual assault?
POTUS had several sexual assault charges. "Cover Up." What's with her?
Impaired insight & judgement. 
#shameful
Thank you Sen. Warner. She is a terrible person wrapping herself hypocritically in religion and aiming to hurt people every day.
She's not religious or Patriotic! She's as bad as her brother, Eric Prince.
Since Rolling Stone lost the lawsuit for a fake story and the Duke LaCrosse team was another lie, police should investigate not university.
My son was falsely accused & now it is costing me what shld have been his college fund to right a wrong left to the schools to sort through
It becomes clearer that Trump's agenda is primarily to dismantle all the good things Obama did.
Like Obama Care. Lol
They don't want women to attend college
This is about destroying EVERYTHING Obama built regardless if it is cruel insane or contrary to decency & common sense
You bet
We've written her off as incompetent but truth be told she puts children and young people in danger.
Havnt you caught on that most everything Obama did was bad for America?! How do you fight for things that are obviously bad?
Why!
His entire administration must go including the evil monster 45!
If you do not like our laws go back to where you come from
How does this mesh with his claim to be a "law and order" @POTUS  ?
WTH is wrong with this woman?
You should pass legislation to achieve your policy goals rather than relying on ephemeral memoranda. The pen & phone belong to Trump now

She has such a malignant agenda..pandering to student loan companies, siphoning tax $ for religious charter schools,now Title IX pullbacks ?
She's also taking $$ out of meager Social Security Checks!
She is 100% correct
Liar.
I hate sexual assault but I also have sons and these rules basically convicted people without due process. THAT is a red flag
What possible purpose could this have? She is a truly evil woman. Her attacks on children are monstrous.
Who paid the GOP to push this agenda? Only college sports and college coaches benefit from it. Women have a right to know WHO! #Investigate
This is purposeful & continued assault by DT administration on most vulnerable in our society. The entire administration must be stopped.
Please. After the Rolling Stone hoax at the flagship university of your own state, you should be giving @BetsyDeVosED a standing ovation.
Thank you Senator Warner. Still cannot believe unqualified DeVos ever approved for this cabinet seat.
Why are you against due process?  Dems have really been showing their hatred of the constitution this week...
Betsy doesn't
Devos is an idiot, what did you expect??
I despise her
Me too.
