Thank you. What can we do to prevent the "president" from escalating this situation and putting our lives in danger?
And your solution?
I love the "bombastic" reference.
We need congress to get this monster out of the WH !
that strategy got us Nukes on NK soil. Don't be fooled by MW tweet people. Clinton/Obama used harsher language but did nothing
If 45 is trying to scare N Korea, it's not working.He's scaring the Bejesus out of Americans instead.Either Muller or the 25th Amendment now
He is a freaking nut job
Cleaning up your anti-U.S prez. Obama and dim bulb Bush's mess. You are http://pathetic.You  and Kaine make me sick. MAGA you traitor!
Mr. Senator when is Congress going to wake up and Realize that we need a real president and not  a bully that plays to his voters????.
Indeed
Mark,.. three generations of Presidents have failed to address this issue,.. so why now, except YOU LOST THE ELECTION, do you attack Trump??
Needed more focus years ago.
If North Korea even So fires one missle toward Guam or any of our Allies, I hope that @realDonaldTrump Sends North Korea Just Desserts
Pls get all your honorable selves back to DC and invoke article 25 BEFORE there's a war!
Trump doesn't trust American intel. Why does he trust now? What's he hiding now?
Please hurry to remove Trump!!!!
Where was the focus over the past 8 years? This mess was left 2 Trump! Interesting the recent IC repts show a much shorter nuclear timeline.
That's right @MarkWarner , don't want to stand up to a bully! Smh
Get the picture! Democrats failed miserably in every way for past 8yrs! Now youre planning on doing nothing but harass our President?
Mark Warner = James Taggart.
Good to see our leaders and media fear mongering once again. DRPK isn't going to do a thing. They're crazy, not stupid.
U just more of the Obama era backing up. That's what has gotten us to this point.
Maybe you & congress & UN should have dealt with NK nukes a long time ago. Ya think? 
The man is unfit to be commander in chief.  The Senate needs to stand up and do something before he starts a nuclear war.
Oh , but it's ok when YOU do it !! Be the example!! 
Its about time to GET TOUGH with NK .  Threats been since Bill Clinton days & Hilary gave Russia 20% of our Uranium so how much NK has of it
@realDonaldTrump  what did obama do to stop this threat senator?  NOT  A DAMN THING  So HOW DO U KNOW WHAT WORKS? u r so smart!
We need less of progressive rhetoric that put us in the mess we're in thanks to frauds like you, clinton and obama.
They are a non factor. We could take them out anytime we wanted to.
Genius idea Mark, you should run for office...oh wait

Reckless for @POTUS to make provocative statements about North Korea & back US into a corner. We need de-escalation, not a miscalculation. https://twitter.com/FT/status/895024836103331842 …

Do reckless comments of @realDonaldTrump scare you? Support HR 669 by @SenMarkey & me. Requires approval of Congress for nuclear 1st strike. https://twitter.com/JohnJHarwood/status/895040615418875905 …
It's a great theater production but bored now work on Tax reform or just the promised TAX RETURns
What scares me Senator is that he will follow thru on his threats in an attempt to save face Howevr the people left will suffer..Chernobyl
And what do you suggest Senator?  BTW, how have you been addressing NK over the last 8 years?  I know, you ignored it!
He has the attention span of a gerbil
Focus on things at your pay grade! Leave Leader of the free world issues to those above you!
Fortunately POTUS CAN DO BOTH AT SAME TIME! The words were perfect!our military will be prepared! Focus on doing nothing senator!as always
That's how u deal with a bully.. no wonder u got u ass kicked in school
Now is the time 2unite around our President Stop the divisive rhetoric If you have concerns or advice privately reach out 2our President
Are your children and grandchildren enlisted yet?
cant we just buy off this guy?
No Mark Warner, we need a President that won't take any ..... you don't get it!
Please remove him from office before someone gets hurt!
Wouldn't it be cool if you were President?
Then maybe people would care about your thoughts on this issue.
We need Congress to do it's job and act as a check on and balance against the Executive branch. Now before it's too late
Thank you!
THIS IS YOUR PEOPLES FAULT.....like Iran....YOU WERE WARNED......your party chose another route!
There should have been more focus on the threat for the 8 previous years
Respectfully suggest Senator that if you remove Trump as POTUS from the 'Korea Situation' equation it suddenly becomes much more manageable.
Your only solution is to continue your criticism!  Time for change since all your years of bs hasn't helped one bit! Just shut up!
While you just sit there and talk a bunch of bullshit from the sidelines, @potus @realDonaldTrump is protecting us from a serious threat.
I agree Mr Warner.
Clinton & Obama let things come to this state and now you're upset with Trump.
I would love to see something happen with this bill: 
H.R.669-Restricting First Use of Nuclear Weapons Act of 2017
https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/669 …
We need to authorize a Navy Seal Hit team to take out the Missiles and stop messing around with words and useless threats.
LBJ, Clinton and Obama allowed NOKO to become what they are today. The threat will end under this President - one way or the other.
Where are NK, Asian--& other Ambassadors? Plz respond--smooth running, Perjurer Tillerson State Dept & secretive Tillerson Cabal spox?
Perhaps you should go suck his dick like Obama. That is the reason you and your liddle buddies are not Commander in Chief.
Is the medical profession across the U.S. ready to handle mass casulties?
Is Trump capable of anything other than bombast?
Add to that list, a little less golf...

OK Sure how exactly should we address this? 
Be very specific.
Or has your rhetoric out distanced your solution?
Brought to you by...the Democrats.
How insightful of you!!!!  So, get your leadership together and finally do something about the reckless, self-centered madman!!!!
Your words mean nothing to Trump! When will you get that?  Talk is cheap.  You are letting this man destroy our country! REALLY DO SOMETHING
We need you to run for president in 2020
God yes please. Easy Republican victory.
Barry had 8 yrs to do something about North Korea and didn't. Maybe you should try supporting your POTUS for once?
There's no good solution Many presidents have kept NK under control-what does this one do? Goes rogue, brags and postures threatens  Lunacy
go to your safe space with all the other snow flakes
Strategic patience is still the best course.  We should continue to ratchet up the pressure on China & #NorthKorea .  Time is on our side.
Where you been for 8 years?
Trump is mentally unstable. He needs to be removed! I don't care who takes his place but those of you with some power need to do something!
So tell us ,What would you do?
We need the 25th amendment. This admin is becoming unbearable.
No worry. Pres got it
we need to invoke the #25thamendment
Why are you not pursuing impeachment procedures??
. Pence is worse for democrats.  You don't want to impeach Trump.
We all know he won't actually order a strike. Stop with the politics and help develop a coherent strategy to deal with the DPRK threat
