BREAKING: Anthem to re-enter individual health insurance market in Virginia. http://www.dailyprogress.com/news/state/anthem-to-re-enter-individual-health-insurance-market-restoring-coverage/article_53284d56-9a3f-11e7-bdc3-27da0aa7ea81.html …
Love my senator. Go get him Sen Warner!
Great news, but we need Anthem in Hampton Roads, too. Not all physicians accept Optima, our only remaining option here.
Otherwise, a public option would resolve this.
INCOMPETENT BOGUS @potus @realDonaldTrump it looks like it's time for another one of your trademark policy reversals
now for YOU to stop efforts to sabotage and destabilize the POTUS administration nominees. Wake up buddy when he loses you and I lose!
Thank you Senator Warner for your tireless efforts. Virginians appreciate you and Senator Kaine.
Not all voters in Virginia are supporters!
Hopefully not enough to reelect Warner or Kaine!
Well time to get busy to stop Kaine first!  Guess we will cancel out each other! 
Yep.  Peace! 
sickening corporate democrats praising an insurance corporation that makes the health care decisions for the poor and middle class ...
Warner, thank you for your hardwork and commitment to our country.
Really? Until the next time they want a merger or something & pull out again?

You fucking people will never get it.
They won't destabilize the market, they will destroy it. That's what trump does. Why is it nobody saw this coming? #Resistance
Amen! Vote NO to #GrahamCassidy! 
Healthcare = life
Twisted Donald doesn't have the intellectual ability to do the right thing
Glad this has happened, for the short term. Time to fight for #Medicare4ALL for the long term!
What was Obama doing to sabotage it? Since almost 100% of the increases were under his Administration
Who paid?   No one just re-enters.  Corruption at its best!!!!
Thank you, Senator.
Not in Hampton Roads where we've been relying on them. We will have to restart with Optima soon. It's all become so expensive too.
Also time for you to support Medicare-For-All.
No Graham-Cassidy.  Please protect our state and other states. Healthcare is important. #ProtectMyNeighbors #ThankYou
Senator every GOP tax plan eliminates medical deduction. Do you know how catastrophic that would be?
corporate democrats like you are more hypocritical than the republicans ... mass exodus from your Anthem Blue Cross party ..
Even though they fight to not pay for medical care...
Only after Liz Warren gave them a public whupping.
wouldn't have to endure continued Republican efforts to sabotage & destabilize markets if you sign on with @SenSanders #Medicare4All bill
Except that premiums will be 40-60% higher, so unaffordable for many.  Stabilize the markets, fight new repeal effort, then #MedicareForAll
Maybe instead of begging insurance companies to do business in an area, real market choices are enabled by #MedicareForAll
Now it's time for you to cosponsors Bernie's  medicare for all bill.
Can't wait til your left wing ass is out of office
You are a liar @MarkWarner. 0bamacare has been dying since inception. Typical liberal fool.
Isn't this what Obama got us in this situation in the first place? You did not do your job in Congress as well!
Hold up Senator: we have Cassidy-Graham brewing?!! Perverse on the side of GOP
What about Senate's repeal efforts???
And it's time for you to support #MedicareForAll -- it's what the people want, @MarkWarner
But thank-you, Sir, for all that you are doing and continuing to take the high road! Excellent interview with #Maddow. You are appreciated!
Bloody well better after ceo gave himself $3 million increase in salary! Still counting-down til Medicare, tho
What Market??  It's already TANKED!!!
Very happy to hear this!
Completely agree.
When is it time for you to lead to a viable and sustainable solution?
As a freelancer this is huge news!!!
Fab! Fab! Fab!
Or its time you serve your constituents
Did you offer someone at Anthem a Judgeship?
You have got to be kidding. The market is booming incase you haven't noticed. Oh, and we are experiencing a 16 year low unemployment rate!
Call out every single Republican helping undermine the ACA by name on the floor.
What stable market? You have benefit of Fed employee health ins. so of course you would support the rest of us drowning in Obamacare.
I'm a constituent & part of the 80% of Americans who say NO to the slaughter of America's wild horses, please say NO too.
It's time for you to support the Medicare for all bill
Thanks...but this wouldn't be a broblem if we had #MedicareForAll please cosponsor senate bill S1804.
Great work Mark!
Oh my goodness!  Dems destroy private insurance with ACA and then ACA starts failing.  Now you blame Trump for the planned failure? Wow!
read letters from your constituents please regarding Clarke, Frederick  counties as well as the city of Winchester... they still bare??
Just give everyone the #Medicare option!
Please support the Medicare for all bill. All Virginians deserve quality healthcare.
You confuse health insurance with healthcare. u do know that Medicine pays low &  for somethings not at all.  Btw who would pay for program?
No Carla, I never mentioned insurance at all. The money you would pay towards insurance premiums would instead go to the gov to pay for care
And instead of insurance cos negotiating drug prices, the gov does it. This means no more $600 Epi pens. This means cost of care decrease.
Cool story bro. You know what's cooler? Supporting #singlepayerhealthcare Support @SenSanders #MedicareForAll bill!!
And in the meantime? Single payer is great but it's not going to happen in the next 6 months... I need to know I'll have insurance come Jan.
Thank you!
Better yet put this traitor criminal in prison.
If we had Medicare for all, we wouldn't need  health insurance companies. More people would have access to care and we would save money.
And how is this paid for?
Trump Adm Sabotage & destabilize?? Democrats own Obamacare that is what's failing. Wow, uninformed Virginians are your best constituents
Time for you to get off your butt and get rid of obama care you helped pass and cram down peoples throats
Well done!
Single payer would bankrupt the country unless u raised taxes extremely high. I hope you democrats don't go down that path.
Don't go there!  ACA was falling apart long before Trump. You voted for it! You committed to lower the cost curve!  You didn't!
Oh please you had 7 years and did nothing. Stop the blame game
Thanks for what you're doing Senator.  Now if only @POTUS would quit limiting outreach efforts.
This, from the Senator that attempts to torpedo the US economy every day. #KeepingStupidPeopleOnThePlantation
All the ins companies that dropped out of the exchange should be contacted & given good reason to re-enter. Trump is intentionally sbotaging
Proof of that, please.  Businesses don't leave where they are making money! Ins companies were dropping out before Trump came along! Wow!
And the Senate. #GrahamCassidy
Thanks, Anthem,
Yes this 100 times
Glad Anthem taking $millions rather than support #MedicareForAll ? Why not just tweet: "FU libtards" to constituents who support M4A
We All gotta fight the TrumpCare Deconstruction of Medicaid Vote LtGov RalphNortham HeavenSent PatrioticHumanitarian RoleModel NativeSon
You should be supporting Medicare for All instead of applauding insurance companies that hold people's lives hostage.
Time for u to repeal n replace!
What about the rest of your constituents?
No city of Richmond?
Hi Mark, I'm a voter from Arlington. Support the medicare for all bill. Under single payer, neither anthem nor trump will take ppl hostage.
How will this be paid for given our present entitlements are bankrupting this country? $20 trillion in debt already! Who will B accountable?
It costs us more now. And the money goes to companies instead of helping people!
This is because you are paying for others in that premium.  Spreading cost among those with preexisting conditions
Hi Carla! As of 2015, the center for Medicare services shows we pay 3.2 annually on healthcare. The biggest guess on single pager is 2.8 1/2
https://www.cms.gov/Research-Statistics-Data-and-Systems/Statistics-Trends-and-Reports/NationalHealthExpendData/NHE-Fact-Sheet.html … that's the link to the CMS report I cited.  http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2017/jul/21/how-expensive-would-single-payer-system-be/ … that link cites single payer #s from thinktanks
I physically went to their HQ to show them weakness I had found. Ladies greeting me we're kind, but supervisor refused to meet me.
3/ The same vulnerability remains. They use members SSN, w/o even obscuring it.
Not helping Clarke, Frederick Counties or Winchester!!???
Stop lying, no one is sabotaging. You voted for failing Obamacare against wishes of Virginians
Yep good news. But w/DT cutting funds premiums will go up. Pissing people off, blame it on OC and sabotaging it same time. How cute. Not
Good news but they are still woefully lacking cyber security protections for members. Ten years ago I tried to show them a problem. 1/
So they're still staying out of certain counties? JCC/Williamsburg isn't on the list 
Sabotaging the market is when your premiums triple in 4 years. When your premiums account for 15% of your income.
Thanks to the lovely ACA of Dems and Obama. Seriously what a sham!
Thank you all. Great relief to know my child will keep her insurance
Not I'd latest Senate repeal effort happens.

