We now know the denials of contacts with Russians that we've heard during the campaign, transition & administration are all patently false.
There are no excuses for what we’ve seen in the last 24 hours. Lying is not a rookie mistake.
For all the denials we’ve heard from the administration, for anyone who’s said there’s smoke but no fire,  I’m curious what they’ll say now.
This investigation will move forward in a bipartisan way. We need to follow the facts wherever they lead.
we Americans demand removal of all involved.
We have heard this for over a year would you please show some proof finally
Are you really that much of a bigot or are you just so politically blinded you'd destroy a nation to get even for losing an election?
ANOTHER EXTREMELY BAD DAY TO BE KNOWN AS A REPUBLICAN....
Remember that meeting 45 had w/ GOP leadership in May 2016, where they came out practically in love with him? They knew at that point.
Because they knew that what he had would keep HRC out & that's what they wanted. They're all in bed together.
Yep. No coincidence that GOP favorable opinion of Russia spiked up in July '16; they knew they would help trump get in. Party over country.
This is why Chaffetz is resigning. I think he hopes he'll escape any repercussions by doing so.
Yep. He wants to run for POTUS some day, so he wanted out before it all hit the fan, hoping we'd all forget he was there.
Nope! No forgetting!
#25AmendmentNow #ImpeachTrumpNow  #LockThemAllUp #GOPTraitors #TreasonousTrump
The Definition of TREASON...Poster Child of TREASON....
It wasn't black and white when Trump asked Russian Hackers to hack Hillary's emails? Hopeful, the teflon is finally chipping off this family
Doesn't matter how many times you say it...still won't become reality for you.  Sedition and possibly treason are words that you should get familiar with.
@GOP You’re a pawn! #Russia was BOTH - & + against #CrookedHillary & #POTUS45 the #Resist #AltLeft #TrumpDerangementSyndrome #FakeNews #EliteDangerous #HollywoodHypocrites took the bait & #NWO #globalism #DeepStateGate #ShadowGovernment used as tools to try & destroy #Trump #MAGA
And what is the Senate going to do about it?
WHATS BLACK AND WHITE IS

So what are you doing for Virginia besides bashing @realDonaldTrump over and over?
And I wonder who in the #GOP knew as well
Resign or recuse yourself. It's disgraceful what you've done. @FoxNews
Same goes for @BarackObama
BOT!!
Not a bot Greg, just playing both sides of the truth. You can't hide from it!!
More spin - Sorry.  Are you from CNN ?
What planet are you living on? Trump Jnr has ADMITTED talking to the Russians to get info for the campaign!!! Get real.
Anyway who cares we all know the USA are equally busy hacking all and sundry around the world, so why the big issue!
Hacking is not the prob'! Real problem is that the President of USA & his closest advisors do not realise Russia is a serious threat to USA!
TBF as much as they are to Russia + anyone else like the UK?  Anyway for my part, not much more to say or even interest, all GOV are twisted
And now we know Ukraine was aiding @HillaryClinton campaign if you worked as hard to smear trump as on health care I'd have ins. I could use
Why is the GOP so set against telling the truth about it????
Because they looked the other way for their own gain. #ChaoJobPayoff
That is obvious, it's time for Warner and co to start putting pressure on their brethren who we are all paying..r GOP all Traitors?

4 months ago was October 2017. The texts are from March 2017.  This guy sat on the Committee & didn't disclose he'd attempted these contacts for SEVEN MONTHS. Were you fine with that? And then the Committee didn't disclose he'd made these contacts for FOUR more months.

And you have proof of this?
this tweet didn't age well
Basically Treason. And it's 100% guaranteed Trump would have known. His tweets and comments at the time indicate as much.
He literally Tweeted abt HRC's emails 20 minutes after the meeting was over, like he does; Tweeting impulsively as things are happening.
I love that his ego and motormouth are going to be his undoing. Its poetic.
Ahem "GOP officials at the highest levels knew...."
And you democratic supports really are the proof of double standards
So did your GOP colleagues in the Senate. They are part of the cover up as well. Treasonous bastards, every one of them.
Go away and resign!
So?  How about the DNC collusion with Hillary to win the nomination against Bernie?  DNC fraud lawsuit.
You are so right Canada Guy, that makes it just fine to sell out our country to our biggest world enemy.
Russia, Russia, Russia.
Might as well start war with them. Hillary as POTUS would have. The US likes to meddle with other countries.
That's just it, she's not president and never will be. DJT is and if he and his cohorts colluded and notice I said if...then that's illegal.
Every fox smells its own hole first.  Resign.
Thank you for speaking Truth to Power!
Boy...are you looking stupid now?#RussianCollusion
Obviously this includes Kushner who is STILL working and STILL has a high-level Security Clearance. Plz do something about that.
Mr. Warner ~ What does Mr. Burr think of the current Russia-collusion scenario involving Don Trump Jr., Kushner, & Manafort?
Thank you, Senator Warner. We are counting on you and your patriotic colleagues to bring all those traitors to justice. Good luck!
Kinda busted. 
So what are you going to do about it now? Please take action!!
@VP is up to his plastic head in this, regardless of how many "I was unaware" denials.
I think he is, too, but he'll probably skate. Hopefully the stench of corruption will overshadow however long he's POTUS and no reelection.
You want to bet on that ? 
No, because I'd like to be wrong. But what I want and what actually happens aren't necessarily the same thing.
They know Russia was working to help them because Rob Goldsmith said so in an email? He's a pop music promoter..I know ur smarter then that
Why are u not interested in why this lawyer set up a meeting unsolicited and produced nothing with no follow up contact?
Hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite
You are thoroughly discredited as a political hack. Your attempted back door meeting with no paper trail is far worse than anything Donald Trump Jr. or anyone in the Trump campaign ever did. Now we see that you are also a liar. Time to wrap it up, we're sick of the bullshit.
What is going on??????
And lied about it to the American people while accusing people asking questions of sinister motives and being "dishonest people."
The GOP wanted the power and if the price was getting into bed with Putin then they are willing to do the deed.

In a dramatic sequence Trump invited Russia to find missing 30k Clinton emails after Russian lawyer gave the information to his son Trump Jr
I urge ALL Americans to call Mark Warner's office & DEMAND that he resign from the Senate Intelligence Committee for colluding with a Russian oligarch lobbyist & an ex-MI6 Moscow field agent.  202-224-2023
prove it?
Just like your involvement with Russia. Did u forget...
Yes.
I guess the shoe is on the other foot now Mark Warner! This tweet did not AGE well #FridayFeeling
Paper trail really Senator, what a hypocrite. You need to resign
Wow what a projectionist you are/ liar
Here is what's becoming clearer and clearer. 
#FISAGate is #WorseThanWatergate
Wow you're such a hypocrite Mark !! 
-->
When Mark Warner doesn't want to leave a paper trail, but leaves a texting trail. 
#FactCheck Confirmed
Senator, get those subpoenas issued asap, mmkay? Security clearance for Kushner and anyone involved should immediately be revoked.
…this is simple #Clinton and #DNC officials knew anti-#Trump #Ukraine working to aid #Clinton and welcomed it. spare me ur dishonesty.
Go away please, this distraction didn't work and we have direct evidence after fighting against entire R party of Trump collusion. FACTS.
what fact? what evidence? what crime? name the u.s. code violated.
Fact: Jr met w Russian agent for info on HRC knowing R govt behind it. Crime: collusion, conspiracy to defraud US. Code: Ask Mueller!!
per #Bloomberg she’s not RU agent DNC did meet with anti-#Trump #Ukraine but I’m guessing ur fine with that spare me selective outrage.
Pull your head out buddy. Facts are all the rage today. Spare us your DNC nonsense- hasn't flown and won't fly now. Truth wins, patience.
Go away.
Manafort. Kushner. Junior. All received the email asking for a meeting to share info from Russia. Let's not forget Jr denied this for a year
Any democrat that sits on the SIDELINES and does not call 4 IMPEACHMENT r just as guilty
Yes, let's find a way to blame Democrats in all this. SMH
I am not A flake&DON'T switch sides depending on which way THE wind blows.My core values r in line w/DEMs no blame game but we need 2 FIGHT
We already have most of the country thinking both parties are the same for some strange reason and this story is about R's and Trump.
Trump buys it @ Jared. He was there. He's the idiot who told DT to hate on Qatar after they refused him a loan.
and why not?   Dems were pleased to report fake news about Trump and russian prostitutes
Everything in Steele Dossier is being confirmed; this is just latest part of the 35 pages. You 100% certain the pee tape won't be confirmed?
So what is Congress going to do?
Is Congress now waiting for a civil uprising of the Citizenry? Not cool Congress.
Some days I feel that way^
Except it would be less than Civil.  Can't decide if it would be a reason for Martial Law or we are supposed to make them do what's right 
No that was @BarackObama
All the denials & forgetfulness for months of meetings with Russians by trump campaign members. All are liars & truth coming 2 light! Next?
What does @SenatorBurr think of this?
Burr isn't a fool that blathers on Twitter like Warner.
@SenatorBurr warner couldnt be more partisan! He makes your entire probe a joke! As usual. All legal experts saying trump jr is nothing
u Mark WarnerI know you'll keep up the GOOD fight
Interesting thing to me is that the Russian Gov statement of assistance to TRUMP was brought up so nonchalantly. Like it was already known
So what! He gets impeach! Clinton takes over? No, Pence takes over and Russia wins
I think @VP Pence will be implicated and go down with the ship.

Sick of this crap happening when hardworking people are being deported and these amoral criminals want to deny aide & insurance to millions.
Damn STRAIGHT they did!!
BS
Bogus
Please stay on this. Don't let this sound normal.
Yes but can we prove conspiracy?  Collusion itself is not a crime. Please push hard!

Our enemy helping me, is not treason by me.
Information is not an emolument.
USA treason law specifies ENEMY, not adversary.
Duh! 
I guess we now know why Paul Manafort hasn't been offered immunity. If Mueller has these emails and audio ... ? Hello.
They have always been #traitors since they started the 1st American Civil War (and lost). These days they call themselves #Republicans.
I hope you aren't a father. If so you are embarrassing them. Grow up!
Don't back off Senator Americans what Answers....Tell the Republicans it's time to be Americans too....Save America
Marcia! Marcia! Marcia!

Another two faced liar....
No coincidence GOP won all branches of government considering HRC had millions more votes.  Even gerrymandering couldn't of helped Trump.
Why are the republicans so afraid to move away from the #ILLEGITIMATEPRESIDENT? He's destroying the country and the party.
He is the President. Maybe you missed it, but Hilary lost.
First u are a  liar!  No proof!  Second U have nothing to say about all the corruption in the doj and fbi  and where r u on this @marcorubio
The GOP is aiding & abetting this.
potuSOVIETeam
And the Democrat's got hacked. Go figure
You are in big trouble dude.
What about the clintons and Ukraine? They actually went to the embassy. Warner will not address this because he can't.
Trump himself knew. Prove it.
When does impeachment start?
Her needs to recuse himself immediately
Poor judgement, nothing illegal. You should focus on getting something real done for your constituents.
Plenty illegal
great can you get Burr and McConnell to say this.
If this happend to Hillary (all the weakileaks) now if she were President you would deny that it ever happened?
I have no doubt about that!
Well Trump said right on tv. Russia! Hack Clinton email and let us know. Remember.
And if you believe Trump Sr. didn't know anything about it, I've got a $1B near-empty NY tower to sell ya!
And what is being done to hold "all" accountable ?  Is there going to be endless talk or action ?
And yet many of them still have top security clearance....AT LEAST DO SOMETHING ABOUT THAT NOW! REVOKE ALL TRUMP FAMILY SECURITY CLEARANCE.
It's black-and-white now that the other branches of government also know. Question is what are you all going to do about it?
Seeing as how Obama would've been brought to his knees for Trump-like actions, 'black and white' is not the best framing for #TrumpRussia
President Muslim was into WAAAY more nefarious stuff than this.
#treason
In exchange for lifting of sanctions. So how about NOW restricting potus ability to lift those sanctions?
Cant we at least put the Donald on paid admi istrative leave pending further investigation
This is black & white @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP needs to impeach 45, VP, & all appointees or be tried themselves for supporting treason.
POTUS will pardon his boy.  Q is- Can he pardon himself?
Finally, honesty in Washington DC! Thank you Senator
And we are all kidding ourselves if we believe DT knew nothing about this meeting.
Do not ignore the GOP. They are complicit
Keep Pushing, Senator !
Really puts Trump's televised call for Russian hackers to release HRC emails in context, doesn't it?

Yes senator and you cannot tell me that the three closest people to trump did not tell him about that meeting. No way he didn't know
I don't know how else anyone could possibly spin it.
And clearly there were plenty of @gop that knew as well. Time to flush out the treason and take our country back.
Was Comey on the Russian payroll too??
Did your cmte know? If so, this makes conduct of R cmte members despicable, saying "no collusion" when they damn well knew better.
  Sir,U r absolutely right.Q is how many more expose's R needed to convince Rs to push for #ImpeachTrumpNow#FakePresident #TheResistance
If this goes on the way it currently does, when will America finally wake up & realize that they deserve a better President?
Bottom Line no votes were changed Hillary lost. I can't believe the supposed intelligent people that buy into this crap.
MORON Extraordinaire!
Zero evidence.
Put up or shut up.
SAD.
But what will you do about it? Your employers are waiting. We want an answer, and soon!
Resignation Time Traitor
We realize that fact. Now we need to pull out the other rats that are in the sewer with Trump. Too many players for Russia in USA government
So please call it TREASON.
Time to go full scorched earth campaign against the #deepstate, you guys really fucked up this time. You think we're gonna allow this shit?
Ooh, this didn't age well.
Hypocrite .
Clear as glass. Time for them to go or tried for treason
WHEN is Bob Mueller going to hand out indictments??!!!  When???
Senator, don’t look now but you’re creating a “paper trail”.  Yikes!  
@JohnJHarwood   Yes, and hard to believe Trump Sr. was not at that fateful meeting.  I think he was there.
I agree!
Your rhetoric is the epitome of hypocrisy
The ? is: Who, if any1, among the #GOP knew?
Highest levels?
And by highest, you mean highest. President and VP in it up to their traitorous necks.
@timkaine but what are you guys going to do to impeach??????
Why would they want Trump when it's been known for decades that the Clintons can be bought? Remember our missile secrets Clinton allowed China to get?
@ Now Donny "caught" GOP's starting(finally) put pieces of Trump's adoration of Putin together.Scared & should be. Mueller has info NEEDED
Bwahahahahahahaha!  The nuts keep getting nuttier!  "Senior senator"...that's hilarious! Senior nut yes but that's it.
Thank You for being a Patriot. I can not imagine how the Dems have dealt with this pres, knowing what you know. Please continue. He'll fight
You know what's black & white? The Democrats are obstructionists who are hurting our great nation.  I will switch from independent to Rep...
This is black and white , still no evidence whatsoever... if there is show it ?
Trump is NOT the true winner, HC is. It was not a fair election,-must be why DT is so paranoid about his win. God only knows what else...
GOP Leadership and others within also benefited After the briefing last summer
pax
I love it

#Impeach45
and the GoP also knew & allowed it to happen just to push their trash policies. They ALL knew Flynn was filthy too. Didn't care.
With the Hillary Email, the GOP, Reince & all bought in! They had the holy grail 2 stop the Unstoppable! McConnell & Ryan fully complicit!
Why is one ok and the other not? I understand it's Russia but Bernie could have beat trump. Voted Gary Johnson instead. Clinton no way!
How so? The lawyer didn't work for the Russian government. She had no information on #Hillary. Opposition research is routine. You know that
And yet... here we are still debating it ever happened. What is going on here?
And nothing is being done!!! This is insanity! Stop this nightmare! Please!!!
You are doing excellent work
So what? 60 Million Americans voted for Trump and Russia had nothing to do with it! Stop wasting my taxpayer money and accomplish something
The problem with politics is the dirty way its done #conventionofstates #articleV
I find it hard to believe POTUS didn't know about the meeting since he's so tight with his kids.
There was never any doubt in the majority of the American People's mind had he been Obama, black, a woman or God forbid a black woman.....
How about looking into H. Clinton: Uranium deal, Email server, pay to play, etc. Get over it We elected Trump! He is our President
Let's see the GOP do something about it. We know how u feel. Sadly it will take more than U.
