I am supportive of Lamar as a person & also of the process, but I can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w/ O'Care.
Mark, blink twice if you are being held in Congress against your will.
Did you send this to your pal HRC too?
Have you seen this? Cambridge Analytica UAE version:
Cambridge Analytica/SCL social: FARA filing for UAE SOCIAL MEDIA CAMPAIGN.
@RVAwonk 
https://www.fara.gov/docs/6473-Short-Form-20171006-2.pdf ……
The insurance companies were making money long before Obamacare was even thought of: get you facts correct
He. Can't. Get. A. Loan. From. A. USA Bank.
Can I have the language of origin, please?  Can you use it in a sentence?  Sounds like the National Spelling Bee! 
You know that's untrue & at best hyperbole.  R U mad because now U have to actually work to fix ACA?
Do believe you are sabotaging Trump with this phony Russian collusion investigation.  Give us proof or shut it down. U R wasting time!
Mark, you are assuming that Trump knows a verb from a noun or even confefe. Yes, he wants to destroy anything Obama put into place
@realDonaldTrump Senator, is @POTUS in compliance with the oath of his office?
Sabotage- one of the vocab words this week in my 8th grade English class. I like your definition better than the one I used. Thanks!
"Taxation" - noun - the act of stealing; the wrongful taking and carrying away of the personal goods or property of another
Keep up the good work on deregulation @realDonaldTrump!
Yet Trump has no problem vacationing & hosting foreign leaders at his resorts at our expense.Trump is making a fortune on taypayers' dime
Takes one to know one!  It's the Russians!
Sabotage is what you did when you gave us Obamacare
@realDonaldTrump I think Pres needs to understand what is proposed. Simply a broad go to response is not an concise explanation.
Just continue counting your money you made from insurance kickbacks and russian investments and know thats all you can get
Those subsidies weren't part of the original ACA, so did you and Obama try to "sabotage" the ACA?
You're a Democrat and you want to talk about sabotage I find that pretty funny
What did the Democrats sabotage? Does it somehow make Trumps sabotage ok if someone else did it first?
We are all Americans and should all be behind the president of the United States not undermine what he's trying to accomplish
The president works for us. Not the other way around. So exactly what did Democrats sabotage and does that make it ok for Trump?
Did the Democrats attend the inauguration and all the protest against Trump because he was elected president disgraceful
Not attending an inauguration is considered sabotage to you?
Conceded undermining your government showing the world you're not behind your president
Didn’t the Republicans do that to Obama for 8 years? 
Insurance companies R making a good living on the backs of taxpayers.Who R U concerned about? The insurance comp or the citizen?#Healthcare
Unfortunately, we don't only have a liar-in-chief at d WH. We also have a Dunce-in-chief. This is shameful
Please override the executive order. Congress doesn't have to wait for the Murray/Alexander bill.
Someone found his dictionary today.
You liberals are experts at All of these. Congrats!  #OBAMAISATRAITOR #SoIsHillary
Democrats are pretty good right now on deliberatly destrying everything they can!
Effective tactic. U do what u must to correct wrongs, and enforce rights.
This is revenge against Obama
“Sabotage” -verb- Signing a bill that you yourself are quoted as saying ‘we perhaps screwed up passing obamacare with just Democrats’ making insurance largely unusable for half the population to pick up 15 million on medicaid.
That applies to what Democrats did when they voted for Obamacare. Insurance companies reporting billions in profits. Don’t like it, fix it.
And Tom Price who made a fortune on various deals he had inside knowledge!

The same definition can be used for a terrorist. Not a coincidence I'm sure.
What do you expect from Donny Boy?
Unconstitutional-not in accordance with a political constitution, especially the US Constitution, or with procedural rules. IE...SUBSIDIES!
That’s funny.
What do you call what sessions is doing live today? I know a few terms! When will we hold these people accountable? Action not words!
kind of like what Hillary and Comey did, another word for them would be collusion
How about instead of nitpicking every slight this enfeebled man makes, we demand an independent medical examine or push for #25thAmendment ?
However, seems to have been alright for the son-in-law to have profited tons of money from ObamaCare
This clearly defines what R's did w/ SCOTUS nominee during Obama's presidency. They SABOTAGED the legal choice of a sitting president!
Don’t laws have to be faithfully executed ?
Funny but I remember Federal court deciding stealing taxpayers money from treasury to subsidize insurance companies was illegal! Forget MW??
#JMHOetc "Unconstitutional" - adjective - "not according or consistent with the constitution of a body politic" - At least 2 of Obama's EO's

Yeah right, poorly paid Soros bot.

An army of Trump supporters tweet for free to support our country and to debunk all of the lies, distortions and fake narratives of the MSM. No longer can they get away with hoodwinking all of America!
Oh My! Is @MarkWarner is giving @realDonaldTrump a vocab lesson ?   Nice try Mark. #TrumpResign
Yes. And giving all the Trumpanzees a lesson on their supreme leader.
Hey @MarkWarner, et al ...where are we in getting Russian sanctions implemented...please work on that. @SenKamalaHarris @SenFeinstein
Like what Gops And DEMS do whenever anyone tries to move forward on Single-Payer Healthcare?
much like what #Democrats are doing to Trump...only failing miserably. #gladyoulikelosing
Like with the travel ban?
Oh...nevermind...we won that one too.
Do something about him already. Jesus Christ.
@KellyannePolls  politician-noun-a person who seeks to gain power  within an organization in ways that are generally disapproved  U
He sabotaged a US law. Do I hear any congresspeople calling for censure or other action? Nope.
The payments to insurance companies were never authorized by Congress per the Constitution. So, yes, the subsidies are illegal.
I know. Obama should have never sabotaged America with socialized healthcare and now his failed legacy is crumbling @realDonaldTrump
Resign
To sabotage a system that purposely impacts the insurance coverage of babies, children and the disabled is cruel and heartless.
So we can never make any changes or cut backs in regards to healthcare? Because it impacts coverage for children, and the disabled?
I'm not trying to be cynical or attack you. It's just that if we use that line of thinking we are doomed no matter what.
Because if we go full stop universal healthcare, and lets say it bankrupts the country, we can't any make changes cause "people will die."
Its risky having the government involved in healthcare. Because at some point cuts will be made, MUST be made, And someone will be affected.
It's even more of risk to do nothing or to eliminate coverage for millions. We chastise other nations for no providing health care but what
Yeah, like what ACA was intended to do to the US healthcare system.
Sounds like obomacare
his MO
Your rhetoric is part of the problem. Not at all what i expect from man who shook my hand 20 years ago @ augusta co fair
You should know, Warner. I'm amazed at the number of times you've sold Virginians down the river for Schumer & Obama.
He's enforcing the actual law which you helped write. So......
Maybe someone needs to explain to you that the subsidies were unconstitutional as ordered by a federal judge.
Sabotage - throwing your personal friends under the bus for political advantage. Whoops, that's YOU!
Senator, we need you to run in 2020.
God yes. Any Republican will throttle this clown.
.@MerriamWebster An idea for tomorrow...
Why did you give the Clintons their "farm house" in New York?
That is also referred to as Resistance
Please stop him. I’ve been scared since the election and it only gets worse.
Pathetic
Really?
Sounds like your describing the Democratic Party
Just wondering if you attended you're not your inauguration
Just wondering if you attended the inauguration?
I don’t trust any of Sessions answers,he has lied to the senate x2 under oath.
You are mis-informed!
We love Trump! He's doing a grand job! God Bless Donald Trump!
