You consider this "integrated"?? @MarkWarner imam in your state advocating butchering little girls!! #StopFGM 
Comey previously testified that Trump & no one else exerted pressure on HIM - so therefore..Comey committed PERJURY!
We want to hear how Comey, Warner, Obama & Admin + Security Intel committee's allowed Russia to hack our elections!
Case of Venezuela. Bengassy $ millions Hairy people
These two didn't get a lollipop , so they are very upset.
Tsk tsk...u ok?

#MAGA
Trump Never Pressured Leaders of Russia Investigation. @MarkWarner "disappointed" by the TRUTH

…
More lies & propaganda by Mark Warner today! He must resign for the good of the country.  He only cares for wealth honor and power! Evil!
The minute you go on CNN you are announcing to the world that you are a cupcake, sissy, afraid of FOX NEWS and a mama's boy. Bam 
Most of us are looking forward to hearing from Director Comey. Can't wait for him to take down Trump with Obstruction Of Justice charge.
SHAME ON U..PUSHING FOR MORE LIES
Bullshit. Listen to the news today! Wake Up!
No need to swear at me - i watch news daily
STORY is EXACTLY what it is...tired of this NONSENSE! Let's SEE ALL COMEY'S MEMOS! The one's on LYNCH and BILL CLINTON PERHAPS!
We republicans also want the truth. And thank you because I think your committee will be honest- we need to be able to trust our committees
The American people deserve to live with out fear ,where is that terrorism coming from ,Putin says "have you all lost your minds
Yes I would like to hear about why the Democratic presidential candidate sold uranium to the Russians  when she was at the State Department!
Because he always spoke "truth to power"? What horse manure! He was awfully silent while the "power" was Hussein Obama!
The American people have already heard everything Comey has to say. Apparently you haven't been paying attention
Mark, TRUMP CALLED DIRECTORS OF NSA AND DNI ASKING THEM TO " DENY INVESTIGATION OF HIM " MORE OBSTRUCTION  " !!!!!
and in the #BreakingNews that scrolled across the screen, #teresamay says controlling pornography is essential to the war on internet terror
U say Comey deserves to tell his story because Trump disparaged him. Hmm, like u did and all the dems did when you hated Comey. Hypocritical
Let's hear what he has to say about obama and illegal surveillance
Absolutely. Trump has impugned his reputation and made accusations of perjury. Comey must be allowed to respond and tell his story.
Don't mean a thing if you ain't got that swing, lmfao
And by his "side" you mean the TRUTH
Comey doesn't know truth!
Are you aware of the rumor that trump is hosting Cotton and Rubio for dinner two days before Comey's testimony? Do you know if true?
You need to focus on the politically motivated unmasking of Americans by the Obama admin & the illegal leaks to the media! #ObamaGate

TRUMP MAY CAUSE TERROR EVENT TO SAY "I TOLD U SO" #TRUMPRUSSIA @GCHQ @EmmanuelMacron @JustinTrudeau @EPN @AbeShinzo https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/871789104333062144 …
The American people deserve TO HEAR THE TRUTH MARK! Nothing more,.. nothing less. Simply the truth and ALL of it!!
Thank you for your work around this issue! We must understand fully the Russian meddling, whether there was collusion, and how to prevent!
IF IT WAS HONEST & IT WILL NOT BE!!! HE HAS ALREADY PERJURED HIMSELF!
Term limits
which side will he whip out THIS time? And which side do we believe?
Here comes more bullcrap from Dems
I'd be more inclined to listen if he hadn't let Hillary slide.
If you are being interviewed by CNN - N O B O D Y can ever take you serious.
Like why he didn't prosecute HRC for obstruction of justice. #HammerTime
Comey said nothing happened before with Trump, we'll see if he changes his mind.
All this is is a waste of money & time. I call for the dems to go back to work for the people that voted them in Sign Sick & Tired Democrat
Prepare for a terrorist attack or N.Korean missile launch on Wednesday.
No, there is no smoke, there is no gun, there's no bullet casings, not even a crime scene. Jst, bunch of insiders tryg 2 overthrow potus!
The American people deserve a government that does what it is supposed to. #enacttravelban
If his story is he was pressured, will you charge him with perjury since right before he was fired he testified that he wasn't?  #HotAir
ABSOLUTELY....  Question is, can we begin to believe he will be truthful. Ethics left the "Hill" years ago and we citizens understand that.
I'm still not a dem voter, but thanks @MarkWarner for representing Virginia well on this issue. We all appreciate the persistence.
The next time you are asked if there is a Smoking Gun proving collusion, answer by saying that is classified.
Why are you grandstanding on Twitter.  Just do your job including unmasking and domestic espionage against political opponents.
American people call to #ImpeachTrump.  he is destroying our country. Obstruction of justice and treason.  Hacked election w RUs
The #AmericanPeople deserve better than #You   @jaketapper has less #credibility than you.  #Fool
Even if Trump did say "I hope you'll let this go, he's a good person" there's still nothing illegal about it. Totally fine!
The American people need to hear you on the criminal unmasking investigation. Is there a smoking gun there?
That lying crime excusing political scumbag lawyer turned Hillary protector?  No thanks. Just more lies.
The American people also need a Congress that will work together and not one that continues to be completely partisan.
@progressive_va Yes, we are waiting to hear what Comey has to enlighten us.
absolutely we deserve to hear from "the horses moth" due to the fact that trump's a liar and would lie on Jesus Christ.
Yes, we deserve to hear Comey. Reagan had similar problems with the Contra affair. He could have invoked EP but let the truth come forth.
Not if it interferes with Mueller's investigation.
Why? The FBI director serves solely at direction & pleasure of POTUS whoever he or she may be. Can be fired at will
Yes, Thank you 
No closed session Let America hear it all!
Keep chasing UROs...un-identified Russian Objects!
Can you say "perjury"?
If Trump uses executive privilege, start impeachment proceedings.
not an impeachable offense Sillu
By secret sauce...do you mean blood?  You are willing to risk our lives for your political position?  WAKE UP
And you intend to drop it and move on to unmasking and Obama domestic espionage when nothing comes from Comey?
Hahaha
Deflection
Dems were doing their jobs...
GOP hasn't learned how to do jobs
#MarchForTruth
