If she's really so crooked why isn't the president doing anything about it?
he has more important shit to worry about healthcare, taxes, isis, infrastructure etc. he is a bigger person than the media is..
He seem to have plenty of time for twitter and watching cable news, surely he would have time to do something about Hilary.
he is watching news while he travels dont you know there are TVs on planes, limos, etc she isnt a priority man
If she isn't a priority then they should really stop bringing it up whenever someone says something negative about Trump
they do it to show the hypocracy of the left, right and media...thats all.
It hypocrisy to call out Trump, he's the president, Clinton isn't.
Media are all communists controlled by Rothschilds , Hillarys masters
Unless the news is slanted your way, then it's real news! Maybe you should stick with @infowars
Bernie definitely sold out ALL his loyal supporters for dirty , blood soaked Clinton cash at convention. Hes a bum that's only in it for $$$
He is being fully investigated now , his white trash KMart wife's caught stealing campaign funds big time! Seth Rich screams from the grave!
These comments sadden me. I know a lot of them are bots. If you're not a bot, then you're a rube who's been had by a conman. Or worse. 
Many of the bots are continuing Russian interference in our governance. This attack on USA should be cause for concern for all Americans.
What size tin foil had do you wear ?
Eleven, because I have an exceptionally large brain to protect. 

I think yours is better though, it really suits you.
Speaking of bots, don't waste any time or energy on the forbin bot.
I know I muted it. Thank you!
Sen Warner the Americans can know how Russians did it using the intelligence community not Trump campaign team as they are novices here.
Just ask Bill and Hillary!
No. We'll ask the Traitor who set this up ! Trump !!

Now, that's a lot of CNN right there ...
American public doesn't care "how" Russia meddles, especially since its been going on 4ever & in other countries while @Potus falsely blamed
The liberal establishment, both in politics and the media, simply can't accept the fact that Trump won last November.
& why the previous admin knew it was going on and did nothing to stop it.
Yes!  America does!
America deserves to know that it was obama hillary @thedemocrats who were at the bottom of this.
You obviously had a shit dinner. Neither Obama nor Hillary are the presidents of the United States.
Right now, it's the Democratics attacking the United States. Attacking the people of the USA. Please let it rest and get to work!
It was Hilary! Lock her up!
Get Hillary emails
No it was a robbery. Except the robbers/ murderers forgot to look in his pocket , or his wallet , or take his watch n jewelry. Zero invest.
Not one law enforcement agency will look into this obvious Clinton team assassination
Idiot
we already know and no one is going to do anything about it not even our on FBI are the government pretty sad the times.
BAHAAHAHA @MarkWarner what a libtard.
Maybe it was a inside job .FBI needs to check DNC server
Israel Lobby lackey @MarkWarner wont mention Israel's dirty little secret influencing US elections: http://www.unz.com/pgiraldi/israels-dirty-little-secret/ … #russiagate

Please inform us, waiting for months,got no more than unnamed sources, intel debunked stories like
not one of you crying democrats call for a investigation until after Hillary lost you knew everything you know now crybabys
And Mr Warner, would you take Mr Kaine with you and leave the Commonwealth of Virginia and her citizens alone for a while? Thanks
Investigate Benghazi, the Clintons all the previous administration - shame on you for working against WE THE PEOPLE
About that:.
Here they got in through HRC@gmail.com
Ask Obama. He knows all about it.  Oh, yeah, but it didn't have anything to do with Trump. Inconvenient fact.
Is trust Putin before CNN

We already know. DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. #growaspine&standup
They didn't.
Yes, Americans deserve to know. Force 45 to release his tax returns. What is he hiding?  A RUSSIAN connection
LoL. Just so you know senator, the American People don't have any interest whatsoever in anything Russian. Go to Work. Trump Train Rolls on
Yes, we pay your salaries, we want to know, damn it @realDonaldTrump ..might I add: LOUSY PRESIDENT
Some U.S. Senators talk as if they didn't attend college. *How Russia attacked U.S.* No one know bcuz it never happened. Get that straight
How many times does @CNN think we need to hear @MarkWarner & @AdamSchiffCA expound on the same thing? Enough already!
CNN = FAKE NEWS
The same way iran,irac,syria,china,north Korea did, Internet and hillary




Where's the proof that Russia didn't attack the USA? The proof is sitting in the WH or out playing golf , or eating beautiful chocolate cake
And he deserve to know the Democrats done nothing cause daddy Obummer told his puppets not too
They would if the DNC turned over their server for experts to anaylize.
Shut up Warner we know democrats are responsible. All of you are guilty and we will throw you out of office. Don't count onyour job as 4ever
Trump adalah penyakit, penjajah rakyat resistance, pendana teroris teroris babi dan setan,
Amerika penjajah barbaris terkutuk
Mark warner has been a pathetic do nothing senator taking advantage of the plentiful perks of a government official
When will this #FakeNews end?
r u drunk in this video, look at your eyes, you wouldn't pass a sobriety test.  Slurring your words, eye half shut and red.
Yeah. Tell us how did they attack us you clown
I would think so
Ask crooked Hillary!
Ummmm, turning over the @DNC server would be a great start!?!? #FakeNews #CNNBlackmail #MAGA #LoveTrumpsAll
They needed to know when Mitt Romney brought it up as an issue and the Dems laughed at him. So what did you do Warner?
China hacked the white house in 2015 you did nothing they did again still you did nothing why is that
Warner is a total A$$.
Mark, Just ask the @DNC & @HillaryClinton - they got most of the answers!!
Yeah, focus on that instead of chasing ghosts
We will never know anything from them The lying  lack of ethics no integrity is insulting 2 Americans undermines the office & the presidency
Where's the outrage why is everyone so complacent Where's the revolution
Nope the American public deserves to have the Dims do something besides obstruct !!!!
idiot....
They hacked DNC emails, Podesta essentially invited them to view his and they tried but failed to hack RNC emails. Published damaging facts.
Why you don't ask Hillary and obama the knew it
Plz stop saying "The American Public" only Dems #MSM & angry snowflakes are concerned with Russia
They hacked the DNC. Why don't you get them to turn the servers over to the FBI for forensic evaluation. Waiting?
Continue to ponder milk or gas? But i need gas so i can keep my job. But damn if my stomach isn't touching my back. But yeah, back to russia
We pay for your healthcare... Yet you bicker and block the basic needs we need to survive. So what do you do with your 6 figures? While I...
You could either give us the money to survive, or stop inflating prices. The American ppl want to live in #freedom. Not boarded up in a box.
The american people want jobs, healthcare, education and a #govt that makes sure we are not cheated by other countries. Other then that...
ask Obama and Hillary under his administration they had 8 yrs.to sell us out
No we are wondering why #Congress won't get their heads out of their asses. Congress was the #middleman, now you have become a bias party.
The public desrvs YOU NOT gvg JK benefit of the doubt 4 security clearnce! U urslf sd he LIED TO FBI 3 TIMES! http://wewillreplaceyou.org 

If Trump Jr. testifies, he'll simply lie AGAIN and, if he's charged and convicted of lying under oath, his dad will pardon him. It's futile.
Everything needs to be made public. Only way trumpers will believe it..
Russian illegal immigrants moved into Ukraine and then said it does not like Ukraine gov and wants Russia to rule them!!! like mexico today!
Well frankly yes we do need to know
There was an attack?
Mark knows all about the Russians! Why not ask about Senator Warners Russian Collusion?
I think the FBI should talk to Trump Jr before Intel Committee does .
think we know how , wuestion is anyone goung to do anything? Thats real issue
My government certainly won't! WE THE PEOPLE WANT TO KNOW! WE HAVE ELECTIONS TO PROTECT!
The only person who has had the guts to tell me that is under arrest : REALITY WINNER
If that is so tell the DNC to hand over the most important piece of evidence-the allegedly hacked server they have refused to give up!
What is being done to stop it from happening again?
Media/Elitist Russian obsession is now a SNL comedy skit for working class entertainment -now just waiting for how climatechange caused this
You mean IF they attacked. Show us the server please.
Really? Do U know Sen? Cause U guys never has told us how? Tell us how they hacked it & exactly when! Otherwise it's crap & U know it!
All we hear is same old stuff Mark & you & others have the info to impeach - stop yapping & IMPEACH NOW!
It's called flexibility. The same thing that president Obama promised the Russians after the 2012 election. @CNN didn't report on it though!
If the Russians attacked the US, Hillary & Pedosta MUST release their servers!
So when are we going to find out Senator McCarthy?  2020, 2025?  Or are you gonna just keep talking about it?
This idiot along with MSM needs to know we are sick of listening to it.
American needs to have their government working not acting like children.
Liberals need to stop this attack and pull up their big boy pants
Hillary left a body count and she and obama sold Russia Urancian. You didn't care about them. E
This is old folks. The liberals are going to try to focus on Russia forever. Pathetic. Show evidence now or shut up.
Reality: every component of the Russian involvement has been tied to the Dems or their operatives. The true coverup by Dems is falling apart
Dems let Russian lawyer w/o VISA into USA. Dem foreign ops created fake dossier & at meetings. Bill was paid $500k for speech in Moscow.
it's more like how the Democrats are attacking AMERICAN VALUES.. turning this country against each other  It must stop now.
Possibly an open server somewhere...any idea where?
The Russians attacked the US because Obama knew of their attempts to do it and he did NOTHING about it till after HRC lost!!!
Wait, we were attacked?
Under whose watch did they "attack" the US? They attacked YOUR party, not the UNITED STATES. Sad that you can be this ignorant.
Ask the Obama administration, apparently they know.
You are absolutely right Warner...

I thought we already know, they did it by infiltrating our democracy with ambulance chaser and guy who served in Soviet Army when he was 18
You are the enemy of Americans and overthrowing the govt we voted for is treason.
Correction- The media attacked the election. You're welcome.
More ignorance and nonsense from the twits at cnn the network of fools
Only thing he ACTUALLY cares about is tearing down POTUS. Some Dems & media working hard to get a WWIII going. Not good.
8 months of Russian meddling talk We get it Stop talking and do something about it come up with a plan, idea, anything beside the yapping
& soooo much more!
Soooo what r u gonna DO about it? 
How many months can we prove no votes were changed give it a rest man how many countries has USA influenced hypocrisy is sickening
Our country is a Democratic country, we will not allow dictatorship to be in this country period
CNN and Democrats America is not a dictatorship country, is a Democratic country so Democrats will not rule for more than 8years
Lynch let the russian in. Start with her as to why. Massive backfire for the leftards coming up.
Russians simply tweaked political party egos to incite greater partisan conflict & let congressional infighting undercut our gov't system! 
We do. However blaming it on stuff like Russian TV is ludicrous. If RT is illegal then block it. But if not it’s no different than @CNN
No wAy !
That would be anti-Trumpism
Says the millionaire politician with financial ties to Russia.
ABSOLUTELY!
@CNN you got the right man on the right network for this. Both jokes!
The DNC needs to turn over their computers and servers then....unless they smashed them with hammers....
The American people know this is all nonsense. Will you liberal losers get behind make America great again. Warner and Kaine Virginians NOT.
You bombed out a long time ago old politician
Alert : Warner goes off on worn out subject - looses credibility and influence each time he does this.Voters are watching & Warner will pay
Then maybe THE DNC SHOULD ALLOW EXAMINATION OF THEIR SERVERS!
We knew that last year already. Only obsessed democrats are stuck. DC totally disfunctional.
The American public do not have a clue !

Yes we do deserve to know so tell us how obama and Clinton let the Russians attack us.
Will he say the same when it's found out the Dems are the one who colluded with Russia?
FAKE!
Yes! Everyone wants to ignore the fact that RUSSIA ATTACKED OUR DEMOCRACY! trump and other colluders were merely his USEFUL IDIOTS!
The russians attacked? I'm ok with investigating, however the state we are in now is all our own doing. Politicians have created the divide.
Yes and it doesn't have anything to do with trump
But can you please give us some initial evidence so we trust the money and time you are spending is worth it??
Why yes!  Yes we do deserve to know!
Watch when we find out Trump stopped in on meeting lol Russia is playing them ripping them apart they better give put in what they promised
