And the AG meeting with Bill Clinton while HRC  was under investigation didn't? Can't wait to move to VA to vote u out.
#Comey found #Hillary Guilty,But did nothing! He even told Loretta Lynch not to prosecute.. Wrong doing that!
I'm so happy you're my Senator!!  Don't let this go!!  We're depending on you.

#SpecialProsecutor
there is no investigation on the president and Russia.Stop the lies the public knows the truth
Demands impeachment of @realDonaldTrump! Hello Obstruction of Justice, Threatening a witness #Comey, Firing @FBI Dir. 2stop investigation
Hire Comey as consultant on your Senate Intel committee #hireComey
#Markwarner,We need Term Limits set! We don't need special counsel,We need people like you gone!
Anyone with a position in government who condones this madness shouldn't have a position in government any longer.
This is a gross abuse of presidential power!!
Trump wanted to be president for one reason and one reason only, to increase his bank account.  He doesn't give a damn about American people
Absolutely.  It is scandalous. Trump is dangerous. Hang in there
You're in the minority, Mark. You lose...again!
no it doesnt. get to work for america, stop supporting witch hunts.
YOU have to stay on top of this, for all of us! PLEASE!!!!!!
Tired of politics Mr. Warner. Get to work and get things done. Quit this foolishness!
Please make sure they are actually independent. Thank you for your service to the American people.
Get it done!
What can we do as citizens to support this?
Please do something, Senator. This is moving beyond farce into something far scarier.
You do realize that the investigation continues? I know you know this. You're just trying to rile up your liberal nutty base.
Why is @MarkWarner lying and trying to say that Trump was being investigated by FBI? Same reason @MSM does?
Sure no problem and at the same time we will use same Special Counsel to investigate Clinton and save the taxpayers $. 2 for 1, it's a deal
Thank you for supporting independent prosecutor! Trump should recuse himself from selecting that person!
Guilty as Sin.
Comey isn't the investigator.  He is the liason between Congress & FBI.  He can miss 5 months of work & it wouldn't change any investigation
I"m going to congress soon to testify. President Obama order investigation why some people used my identity to meet him in the WhiteHouse.
there is NO evidence of collusion. Ask Maxine Walters . This is why Bill Clinton was the last Dem I will vote vote!
You sound like an upright guy thank you
Agree Please press for investigation and prosecution of those who have betrayed the US We are in danger of loosing our country as we know it
Dems have gone completely nuts. Maybe Carter can give you some work 
You need to distance yourself from @timkaine he is out of control
Please sir make it happen. Sooner rather than later.  The American people thank you.
@SenatorBurr Will you support your Intelligence Vice Chairman in calling for Special Counsel?
is very very smart and fast thinking as well.
Text RESIST to 50409 & send a strong message to your representatives ASAP demanding they appoint an independent prosecutor of #TrumpRussia
We're with you Senator.  Keep fighting the good fight. America needs your commitment.
While you're picking members, Trump's whittling away at departments that can enforce any type of resistance. You're getting out played.
Absolutely, the Senate Intel Committee investigation is a charade - no money and no staff. Shut down the Senate until u get a Sp prosecutor
Get tough senator and call a special prosecutor
THE ERA OF STRATEGIC PATIENCE ENDS NOW. No more rolling over for @SenateMajLdr  #ShutItDown
cc @chuckschumer
Yes. Please tell your friend, @SenatorBurr.
Thank you Senator
We support you!
You should appreciate the decisive leadership of @POTUS in putting the American Citizens first. No vote in 2020 if you continue party first!
@carlquintanilla @DavidFabersHair Sent Comey an electronic message!Not a crisis! More liberal tripe! Pump the brakes! Take a poll!
What can your constituents do to get #TrumpRussia handled correctly? Everyone he hires lies about Russia. Flynn, Sessions, Tillerson.
No it doesn't! Wrap it up!
Please do all you can to appoint a Special Prosecutor
The @POTUS has put our democracy in peril by removing the investigator looking into the Russia issue.Please Sen. Warner, stand up to this.
Thank you for having integrity
So get to demanding.
American people deserve to know truth about Trump's connections to & involvement in Russian hacking. Please demand independent investigation
Please do not vote to confirm Trump appointees until a special prosecutor is in place. And thank you Senator for your investigation.
#1-As much as U want it to be true, he wasn't under investigation
#2-Firing recommended by AG&staff
#3-Firing Comey is a no-brainer

#MAGA
Even when recommended by obama dem US AAG Rosenstein
Yes! Please! Your constituents stand behind you.
Whew! It's a mess in Washington DC
Agree - not, however, by the very people who just justified firing Comey for WH (Sessions & Trump PRAISED him for the same action in Oct)
I don't know who paid for your Education but they should DEMAND A REFUND! You are not that smart! #TCOT #WakeUpAmerica
As a voter in 23324 I would ask you for an independent commission to investigate Trump now! VA loves you .Mr Warner
It is ALL on you now, Sen. Warner - the last line of defense in the face of this assault on our democracy
POTUS, White House @HouseGOP @SenateGOP have lost the confidence of America including @GOP Voters
Or demands an honest FBI director.
Senator, You and your colleagues are the last defense against this demagogue.
Yes! An Independent Commission as well. This administration does not respect the rule of law. Nothing less than our republic is on the line.
Yes! VA and your country need you to make this happen. Democracy is under attack.
The investigation continues. It has been dragged out way too long. You need to start looking for a new job.
Only traitors will refuse to insist on a special independent prosecutor to find the truth about collusion with Russia
I hope You and Your Committee is working as a Team. We WANT JUSTICE. No Time for Politics !! Or Cover Up.
good morning clown - looking forward to your exit from your office in the next election cycle - RINO - Warner sounds like Dean WORMER -
More bullshit from progressives
So do it. Why hasn't it happened already?
Thank you!

There needs to be an arrest. There will be an event if Trump is not arrested immediately. @FBI @GCHQ @tedlieu @SenSchumer @SenJohnMcCain 
If Comey wasn't looking into this he never would've been fired, guaranteed! This is an outrage, I'm disgusted. Trump needs to go! 
Watched you on MSNBC. Very impressed with your well spoken heartfelt interview. You are so needed right now. Making America Grateful Again
EXPLAIN THIS?...YOU SAID YOU WOULD BE INTERVIEWING THIS GUY
http://www.palmerreport.com/opinion/hours-james-comey/2700/ …
Must now have an independent special counsel, not appointed by Trump.
- Two Words: Special Prosecutor.

We've been asking you for this for months.
Thank you for standing up for a special prosecutor.
Thank you for asking for the financial records in order to protect us.
Then DO SOMETHING!
@adamshiff  What are the chances either of you two investigators will be able to get former MI-6 Steele to testify?
Resign now POTUS, save your face, Save your wealth...and stay out of jail
We need him out of office asap!
Can't disagree with that lol. I suspect #trump was a day or 2 late with this move, also sposed 2 B losing #republican senators. #resist
And don't forget AG Sessions had supposedly "recused" himself from #Trumprussia and #HillarysEmails, yet he recommended the firing. Wow.
During this time, TRUE PATRIOTS will come forward or they are not deserving of serving the American people. @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
please do something Senator.
No government business is more important until bipartisan independent commission with special prosecutor is appointed. Save our democracy!
Yes we need to investigate obama illegal surveillance and rice lying about it.  Good call
A Special Counsel and if anyone now objects they must be complicit. ....we were attacked and we need the truth!
Did you read Rod Rosenstein's entire letter to Sessions?  Obviously NOT.  You do the citizens of Virginia a disservice.
Please!
I like that you used the correct spelling of the word "counsel"
Country first. That's all that matters!  Party second. Loyalty third!
Oops I guess I didn't need to email you Senator, just ignore that!
This is far beyond partisan politics, please be an American first.
Please insist, Senators.
@SenCoryGardner @SenBennetCO
even a blind man could see a cover-up
Yes and The Senate must stop everything until an independent investigation is in place. This is top priority & a Constitutional insult.
Comey damaged the rep of the FBI,moral low. Rec made by Dep AG based on Holder etc. Don't be hypocrite, Hope I can continue to vote for u.
Hire The Hague, EU courts of justice.
how long do you think an investigation into Russia collusion w no evidence should go on? How dare you insinuate POTUS..
Yes!!!
Resign now POTUS save yourself a lot of face get out with a little bit of something

JUST IN: White House confirms Pres. Trump will meet with Russia's Minister of Foreign Affairs Sergei Lavrov tomorrow in the Oval Office. 
Come on! @FBIDirector @FBIDirectorhas done nothing. Not with @HillaryClinton not with Russians.  They need to file charges or move on.
Thank you, Senator Warner, for joining the call for a #SpecialProsecutor.
CC: @SenCoryGardner
I spend so much energy being angry at GOP members, just wanted to take a moment to thank you for your leadership.
I'm proud to have voted for you as governor and again as senator.  Thank you for your years of public service :)
Connecting the dots should be pretty easy. Let's get this going! Anyone with a brain can see this deputy AG can not be trusted! We need you!
You must demand Jeff Sessions resignation.
Lol - weren't you the one outraged that Comey cost hillary the election?  Pick your outrage & stick to it
Hillary and Susan Rice are likely to be prosecuted this time around.  Especially if there is a Special Prosecutor.  You good with that?
The American people will stand for NOTHING LESS than a completely nullified election.  Re-install Obama until it's re-done with.
We need a #SpecialProsecutor.  This is a constitutional crisis.  Please help America.
No doubt. Get it done
Stay strong and true, Senator Warner! We, your constituents are proud of you. We need a Special Prosecutor. Follow the facts #TrumpRussia
YES please make that happen Senator! This needs to be thoroughly dealt with immediately.
How can we do this?
Our country is in crisis!
When is our congress going to stop worrying about their votes and do their constitutional duty.  This is going no where but down
Make it so.
Agree % Thank you Sen.  Warner!TRUMP & Admin. is out of control. Sessions should be fired too for interfering
Agree 1000%. A special prosecutor is vital!
Nope. Trump will fire him too. Independent all the way.
Yes! Time to impeach
Please do not let him get away with that. Nixon  too fired Archibald Cox when he got too close for comfort to the truth and wax impeached!
Thank you, Senator, for taking this position.
Say hello to the ghost of Richard Nixon.
Special counsel apptd by this Justice Dept cannot be trusted. It's on you, Senators, to blow the lid off the conspiracy.
Mark, when will Republicans finally realize this is no longer about alarms sounding? This is near catastrophic!
SHAME on hypocrites Dems that have whined about Comey & now shine he's fired! Hahahahaha!!!
Come on Mark, we need you to drive some change. An independent investigation needs to occur
Wrong!Clinton Benghazi,30,000 emails destroyed, demanded a special investigator NOT Vomey firing! Produce Christopher Steele, Dems paid spy!
The investigation is still going on dufuss
@DPVAChair @POTUS Thank you Senator Warner!
Did @POTUS fire the entire FBI?  Was Comey the only one doing the investigation? #FBIDirector #comeyfired
I hope you will be doing everything possible to get a special investigator ASAP!!! This is the utmost priority 
Absolutely agree with this in the sixth here.
You have to hand it to the Dems, they sure know how to sing from the same hymnal. #stopglobalwhining
Investigate WHO Leaked?Felon!Obama,Rice,Jarrett involved-worst than Watergate! Podesta brothers biz dealings-Clinton20%Uranium sell 2Russia!
Is firing #FBIDirector a move to detract attention from the #AHCA?
Help us Mark!
Is Comey still testifying this week?
Can you make that happen Mr Warner? @LindseyGrahamSC said hes ok w this, will puppet b appointed w the absence of backbone in both Houses?
Really? WE want to hear from Christopher Steele...oh he went underground because he doesn't have evidence that Dems paid him for!!! STOP it!
Here's my wife's idea: Special Commission headed by both George W Bush and Barack Obama. Hard to argue with it and would restore confidence.
Proud you are my Senator.
From now on so many FBI leaks the ship is sinking, as the rats leap off, Chaffetz, Nunes, Flynn, Mannafort...
Administration is untrustworthy.   Need to know everything from all sources
Hilarious! You were calling for his head in October 2016 & now he's your best friend. #zerocredibility
Exhibit C
I recommend Preet Bharara as special prosecutor. He prosecuted both parties in NY
Agreed!!
We need a #SpecialProsecutor NOW!!!
#TraitorTrump
#ImpeachTrump
#TraitorFlynn
Please appeal to your republican peers - the patriotic ones - to join you. If there are any.
Time to be a patriot.
Make it happen. Do not let this go a single day. We will not accept it.
Thank you, Senator. I was proud to have voted for you in 2008 and in 2014.
Agreed. Please make that happen STAT.
Can you convince your good friend @SenatorBurr of this? Will he put #countrybeforeparty
Hope Comey doesn't end up "disappeared." Wishing for a fairytale- Comey blows roof off the house and reveals all Russia. Nothing to lose.
And Comey said there were no ties with Russia...you deaf?
How do we obtain this?  #trumprussia
Wrong Mark!!! It is time to indict @HillaryClinton & @BarackObama & ALL the Democrat Mafia! Like YOU!!! @FoxNews @WashTimes @seanhannity
i would prefer to hear this from a republican. your brothers on the other side of the aisle are all enemies of the state
Both Clapper / Yates alluded yesterday to FBI investigation of Trump's business ties to Russia...reason why Comey got axed today. Too close!
There's nothing there. Clapper said so. Stop wasting my tax $
Um, the new Deputy Attorney General, Comey's new boss as of 2 weeks ago wanted him out.  He was confirmed 96-4.  Why wouldn't Trump agree?
Yes! Please help make this happen.
Stay on them Mr. Warner!!!
The American public is fast losing confidence in government institutions and demands answers on Trump's collusion with Russia.
As my Senator I expect you to lead the way in doing the right thing!
Senator, You are correct   Whole country counting on you, Mark.
The pussy grabber belongs in a cage!! He is a treasonous traitor!
