Whether on the Senate floor or in the marketplace, this partisan repeal effort will fail. I hope it happens before real people get hurt.
We are Fighting with you Senator!
Stay vigilant on the information CMMS Adm. Seema Verma is giving legislators to sway them!
Thank you, Senator Warner.  Wish u could be senator for NC too. @ThomTillis @SenatorBurr
You never get tired of peddling that lie that people are going to get "kicked off their insurance," do you? /1
Not his "lie." CBO, which is nonpartisan. Try facts next time instead of Fox Newz.
The average subsidy in AK is $848 vs $323 for lower 48. BCRA would decimate older Alaskans:
How come they weren't all dead before Obamacare was passed?
single payer. its time.
Amen 
https://www.fraserinstitute.org/studies/waiting-your-turn-wait-times-for-health-care-in-canada-2016 ….                                       5 months wait for a specialist. No thank you.
you would rather not be able to go at all?
5 months wait is considered acceptable?  Single payer would make government biggest HMO ever. "Trust the government" said no Indian ever.
im on medicare it works great
Bernie says the answer is "Medicare for all"! Might be right.
thats single payer
Shhhhhhhh don't tell them that
You know your side is in trouble when it has to lie.  32m wouldnt be kicked off, they would opt out to avoid paying a penalty.  Lying left.
In behalf of my brother-in-law who is on Medicaid Big thanks!
Thank you!!!!!!!
Not acceptable!!
Mark,... please tell "The people" you care so much about how 32 m will be kicked off their insurance when there are ONLY 10 MILLION on it!!?
And it's funny how just a couple of weeks ago, it was going to be 23 million who'd get "kicked off." Can't you keep your lies straight?
Hidious goverment !!!!!
Another reason not to vote Democrat
Thank you, thank you, thank you Senator Warner!
MUCH gratitude from someone who doesn't want to be just another person with a preexisting condition and no options. Glad you are MY Senator
Your the best @MarkWarner! Appreciate you very much! All our hardworking Democrats trying to save our Righrs and Democracy!!!
We stand for what is right even for Rep !!!
Be helpful, shut up!
At least something is being done! Yes, insurance will shift. People will die (in fact, we all will die!), but takes courage 4tough problems
Why should I pay for insurance for someone who did not want it before? SOCIALISM! We are not ignorant as you dems seem to think. Go home.
Watch the mitch weasel he'll sneak in something when you're not looking!
I guess u can take care of your family because we pay for your ins. I hope Pres. gets my message, that all u on the hill pay for your own .
too many RINOs, should pass
Thank you @MarkWarner for fighting the good fight! 🖒
Just get rid of the crap. Once again the dems pushed this down peoples throats. Obama tried to fix with 30 exec orders. How much fixing
Can it take. Still abusing medicaid and draining it dry. Dems are famous for abusing every gov program to cover their shortages.
How in the hell do you kick 32 mil off health care when there are only 11 mil on obama care.
They only know how to obstruct.
How about you pick a plan that doesn't discriminate against class I bet Senator McCain didn't use Obama care for his medical insurance!
The sad/scary thing is "moderates" like @senrobportman are no longer pretending to object to this heinous legislation.
That's great
Thank you!
Quit lying Mark Warner "Obamacare" is the worst thing ever conceived. My cost is $1800.00 a month with $7000.00 deductible. Crazy stupid
Thanks for your efforts here, Senator!
Thank you for standing up for people who count on you!
I don't want to stop talking about Russia,I want to get to the bottom of things.
I love my Senator ♡
What is wrong with Senate Republicans?  Don't they care about the people of this nation?
Please repeal the "skinny" bill. It's just as dangerous!!!! And thank you so much!!!
You know they had 8 years to do something about Obama care, Mich McConnell is racist,He is in with Russia check it out,
All those 60 something votes to repeal Obamacare during the past 7 years were for naught.  Push came to shove, and they failed.
They had no plan, just hate
PRAISE THE LORD!!! 
Please someone explain where we are in this mess of a "process".  @SenMarkey @SenWarren @CNN
When you did nothing but shove obamacare down our throats that broke the middle class, you should just sit down and shut up!

THANK YOU!!!
Knowing Obama would veto, they were all just blowing smoke yp everyone's @$$
Please keep the pressure on!! We are behind you!! Thank you for your service to our country, our democracy, and our people!!
Senator. They deserve credit. Thanks to all, not to mention McCain. The war hero
Thank you for what you do for America!
Keep your eye on those tricky bass todds.  I expect them to try their Trojan Horse bill late at night.
Thank you (& Sen Kaine) for being my senators! I know you are doing everything you can to bring us thru these difficult times. Much respect!
Only little over 10 million even on Obamacare!! Most can't afford it and had to PAY A PENALTY for that! Stop lying to us!!!
Thank you Senator!
We all know they will pass the last one which will happen late Friday to avoid news.
It's been like 7 years of terrorism: Always a threat. No help, new ideas or smart people. Just hate.  And wealthy cronies
American voices are being heard.  Fix Obama care, rather than replacing it with empty promises.
Thank God for the American people
WHY NOT ASK PALIN &  REPUBLICANS WHY YOU PAY SO MUCH.  THEY ARE TO BLAME!
Thank you Senator Warner. And our other Senatorial representatives who listened to the American people. @Michael36776349
Keep on fighting for the American People & you're making the Commonwealth of Virginia very proud! #SaveTheACA
The disinformation vortex the #GOP created to rail against @BarackObama about the "horrors" of the #ACA is world class mendacity!
You are absolutely correct!! They played their own voters for fools just to win elections...I find it disgraceful disgusting and disturbing
LOSER !!!!!!
#bot
you people are going to a VERY hard 2018
