Still supporting that traitorous niggers I see. Does Stupid Hurt.
You have the opportunity to fix the problem. Don't blame others, when you have the ability to make a difference.
#ByeByeDACA #MAGA
Plain and simple truth from one of our two fantastic senators! So obvious to everyone, yet Republicans want to politicize otherwise.
Your a strange man do you not see these kind of programs encourage people to commit crimes by legally coming
#trumpdontcare as long as the rich inherit the earth!! No more poor, middle class, non-white, sick or elderly! That's his America!!
Non-white? Our welfare system doesn't discriminate does it? Make yourself useful, out your phone down and go see your local recruiter!
DACA has allow 7,000 law breakers to take advantage of government programs and the expense of US citizens.
How about showing concern for US Citizens--Repeal Obamacare and Cut Taxes
Ok Stan Kiser! It is Jan. 2018 now and we are happy. @POTUS heard us. Our taxes have been cut, and @realDonaldTrump included ending the illegal Obamacare mandate IN the tax bill! See you at the polls, my friend.
ok
That's 7,000 jobs that legal citizens don't have Tim. 7,000 illegal voters for your agenda, that's what this is really about.
I disagree with you "Dean" Kaine and I support President Trump decision to stop DACA.  You are still out of touch with America.
And your illegal voting block
Timmy baby these dreamers have a unique opportunity to make Mexico great again.  Imagine 800k americanized Mexicans making Mexico like theUS
Virginia will protect these fabulous young people! We will not let anyone send them away from America! It is the moral, ethical, decent way!
And its the illeagle way
I see what you did there...
How many of those Dreamers used fraudulent documents to obtain work?
No Senator it would help our economy by stopping the handout to illegals.  DACA is illegal itself.  Do ur job put America first!!
How would it hurt the economy?
Please you must fight to protect the dreamers
You should PROBABLY sort out that 5th count of pedophilia-deally before taking about DACA... #GamerGate
Just do your job and create the legislation as you should have sometime in last 5 years.
Ending DACA would damage our souls and commit criminal human rights injustices to children.
Trump doesn't care, Obama passed it so he thinks it's his job to get rid of it.
FALSE: He even said he CARED very much about the Dreamers and that it would be a tough topic to work out for him IN his inauguration speech.
7000 jobs that could have went to Americans spending all there money in America.
Bummer !
BS
At the expense of a couple million citizens.
Bahaha says the defunct Anti American father of an ANTIFA HOODLUM!
SO ACT!
Is the American people's tax dollars going into DACA so don't tell me your b*******Veteran's first
So an illegal order has allowed 7000 illegals to continue working illegally. That's your defense for #DACA? WEAK!
@MarkWarner ask construction  workers that wages have not changed in 30 years while lumber and material has went up. Va workers 
Yep! So Congress can you do something about that?
Would you support ending birthright citizenship in order to keep DACA?

Yes, but haven't you heard the prez? DACA disrupted the space-time continuum and created a massive black hole which will swallow earth.
7,000 jobs lost to VA workers.  You hypocrite
Because we are at 100% employment?
You mean 7000 illegals that I helped support their kids is bullshit!
First of all, if illegals can't support their own kids, you are robbing from Americans with higher taxes!
Fine. Then demand a rigorous path to citizenship - no felonies, required public service. They've already received undue benefits.
What about the 7000 Virginians that could've had those jobs.
Are you incapable of seeing the big picture? Or just set on blasting Trump on everything? The goal is to get immigration law reform.
The new is a senator should do something about it I'm leave the president alone
Sorry that should read you have a senator, and leave the president alone
So you also think its ok to break our laws, put tim on list to fire lol
Nope more jobs for Americans
That is such a crock!  What do you know about an economy.  Since you became Gov and Sen, VA's economy has ranked in the lower third of US!
Which laws do CITIZENS get to ignore?
So, does anyone else see the irony here? 7000 VIRGINIANS missed out on employment. Yet here you are, praising an unconstitutional act.
There's nothing that prevented them from getting green cards and applying for citizenship over the past 8 yrs.
And vote...which is all you care about.
Stop being obstructionist and do your job that you paid to do
How many votes DNC promised you Tim?
Ending DACA will not hurt our economy! End DACA then cut welfare for those who are capable of working. Welfare recipients will fill jobs
Tell that to the unemployed citizens of Virginia
DACA IS ILLEGAL! Those that are here won't be going anywhere! POTUS plans on that. Stopping more from applying is top priority! You drunk
Without dreamers, over 7000 citizens in Virginia would have more job opportunities & higher wages! You liberals are hurting Americans!
@MarkWarner fix the law and quit blaming Trump. It time you did what we are paying you to do!
7000 Virginians denied jobs taken by illegals. How can children be employeed? Perhaps they're not children?
7000 jobs America citizens could have had
Wrong-it will create a labor shortage which will mean increased wages and an abundance of jobs for LEGAL citizens. Whose side are you on?
Talk to your ex leader Obama for making an illegal DOCA law. That poor excuse for a man will be going to jail for all is illegal doings
You let it happen so just shut your mouth. All of you lied to these people for votes! You used them!! Hypocrisy at it's best!
Didnt u swear to uphold ALL the laws of our country ?

Bad enough we already paid to educate them given food stamps free medical and welfare checks. Time to demand Americans be taken care of 1st
They work here and send their money back to whete ever they came from give me a break
Unless your child is a DREAMer, you hurt your own children's future by protecting these dreamers too closely. Jobs favor dreamers over equa-
lly qualified legal citizens. That's the real problem. Protect DREAMers = hurt true citizen youth.
You and your policys were horrible for Va you have a son who is a member of terrorist group antifa who wants to listen to you
2020 we ready
These Dreamers have degrees...do the Trump supporters complaining even have that?
Keep a dreamer and send your son...both are law breakers
How many of the males 18-25 register with the @SSS_gov as required by law?
How many Va's do U have with NO jobs?We can't afford heath Ins, meds. Ur paying for the Dreamers? That's 7,000 jobs taken away from Us!
He certainly does.
You just tweeted 12,000 - which is it Tim?  Do you even know or are you making shit up as usual?
Just another leftist attempt at identity politics.  Looks like another Trump victory in 2020.
Then work it out. Trump gave it to Congress where it should have been all along.
There are plenty of jobs for the poor, homeless and unemployed.  According to the GOP, they just have to want to work.  Work ethic : )
You mean u might have to hire Americans & pay real wages. Timmy u r still a 
Why not just find a way to get them legal citizenship? Duh!
You'd have been a much better VP than Pence
That's 7000 jobs Virginia citizens born right here in the Commonwealth could have how about we put our citizens 1st for a change
Illegal means illegal
Which foreign office do you represent? To put aliens dreams ahead of citizens is deplorable.  You are US Senator. Uphold your oath of office
And you wonder why you and Hillary didn't win
It is not law, you dingbat. CONGRESS WRITES LAW, not POTUS. Do your god damn job.
Why are you still taking. You were Hilary's spinless lacks
Not mention those who are serving in our military keeping our country safe..These people have done no wrong.
Hahahahahahah
Eliminate DACA's, create 7,000 jobs for Americans
If you had an education like the DACA people you wouldn't have made this comment.
Explain HOW?????
Did any of those DACA college grads take limited places at Universities away from American kids?   I think so.
No it wouldn't, it would make employers hire Americans at a fair rate. Why do you hate your constituents? #ProtectDREAMers
Just shut up old man
Those 7 thousand jobs could go to vets
Something you've Never done anything about
We have so many men in prison that it hurts our economy as well.
They can hire the real Americans
Legislate instead of inciting violence. Your son is an #altleft #Antifa criminal. Give him a better moral compass, jerk. #DACA is CACA!
Following the rule of law would help our country. Obama exec order doesn't make it law. Read the Constitution again. #ProtectDREAMers
@RepComstock Do you agree? What will you do to protect DACA Virginians?
You sir are a delusional sh!t
They also instrumental in social justice. I have marched w/many of them& they are helping change the concept of college/life in racist USA.
Please stop justifying the humane treatment of immigrants based on their economic value to white people.
He's just another neoliberal
Your a trader to the American People and our President
DACA was not only illigal, but it was also temporary. Taking it away for the purpose of having Congress act on immigration was its purpose.
Not fair to let some foreigners in illegally while making other foreigners apply by the rules. The ones who sneak in are likely not the best
1/ OK, let me use small words so you can see: Their parents brought them in when they were small. They had no idea. They didn't break laws.
It's up to Congress! Quite Crying about it and Do Something

Sounds like ICE needs to step up their work-place enforcement
With this statement you have violated our Constitution and Laws. You should be removed from office immediately !!!!!
Every tweet is whining about @POTUS  
Change it up for once senator...
Absolute "do nothing" Senator.  Perfect bookend for Warner.
Well, do your duty and get a law in place! POTUS is NOT the branch of government that makes law!
Unless you have a phone and a pen like the big o
And, it would betray the things that make us America.
It would open those jobs up to citizens and legal immigrants.
Maybe you should be writing legislation than, not tweeting about it?
So here's an idea. Why not get shit done and make the dream act law.
Tim kaine = sour  
Amnesties have only encouraged more illegal immigration. So unfair to those who come here legally n tax payers.
Everyone already knows it was a temp program that didn't fix the prob. Quit dividing and come up with an actual solution.
True -- so do something about it.  @POTUS gave #Congress 6 months. With so many of you tweeting about this it should not be an issue to fix.
Do you have legislation to replace DACA yet?
Damn Shame you DON'T CARE about Americans

Taking 7,000 jobs from Black Americans, Hispanic Americans, Asian Americans & other Americans.
How are they "taking" jobs.
as usual, Tim Kaine is Irish Drunkard, Bass Ackwards...& subtly reverse racist? dk. he certainly added nothing/nor helped Hillary Titanic!!!
SENATOR WE HALVE SIX MONTHS TO FIX PROBLEM !WHAT DO YOU SUGGEST ?NEW LEGISLATION !APPERANTLY HE WANTS A SOLUTION !RESULTS!
