4th Circuit upholds injunction against Trump travel ban, noting President's power to deny entry to immigrants is "broad" but "not absolute."
This line from the Chief Judge of the 4th Circuit in Richmond is just scathing
@MarkWarner is a cuck and his praise of this decision proves it further
I can barely contain my excitement. I am so happy! This is great news. Thanks to my @AGOWA for starting this off.
Can you house them? Keep your door open tonight so everyone can come in. Oh don't worry about your kids they will be fine.
I actually am willing to do that. I am also willing to for Hispanic immigrants. I worked for an immigration lawyer & interned for her.
The judges aren't making laws. What their doing is perfectly constitutional.
@MarkWarner   When will Jared Kushner be put on trial for treason?
Which rather proves Yates was fired to obstruct justice on Russia NOT the hastily rolled out ban. Looks like DT rolled that out as pretext.
Hes Putins puppet after his NATO speech today it's clear.
Crystal! Now someone must ACT before it turns. And, it could turn on a dime!
It will be completely constitutional to vote your liberal ass out soon. Counting the days!
We can only hope that you or your family are the victims of islamic terror and not any American who wants their family safe.
It's not a ban, but travel restrictions in terrorist controlled nations The same Obama put out, but no dissent there
@MarkWarner @AriMelber
It's the job of the 4th Circuit and yours to protect the American citizens and you fail at your duty. You should be prosecuted.
VA citizens injured or killed by radicals from these nations in future will be responsibility of upholding members. On you for promoting too

47 minutes and counting not one single argument offered to refute this https://twitter.com/maggyw519/status/867847206027513856 …
Mark - Putin's been training trump and his thugs for years on the Art of Autocracy, w a quid pro quo. Our Democracy is under attack!!
I guess we will see.
So if my flight attendant daughter gets killed by one of these radicals will you be at her funeral? You have blood on your hands.
The US Constitution doesnt protect foreigners and non-citizens!
And I sit in disgust at your lack of concern about the safety of LEGAL americans
Spoken by a man who has absolutely NO idea what the Constitution says about the powers of the Executive Branch over immigration policy.
Why don't you go over there  an see the love they give you for your support bet you live in a gated secure home to keep out bad people
Has Warner sent ISIS milk & cookies tell them how sorry 
he is & tell the parents of their dead child that ISLAM IS PEACEFUL?
Mark Warner would
be against Trump even to keep the one
who just MURDERED CHILDREN OUT OF THE USA!
Just to be against Trump!
Thank you, sir. I never thought I'd b siding w/a Dem, but this insanity has taught all rational-minded people to stand up against crazies.
This constituent strongly disagrees.
Ah go play your harmonica...oh wait that's the OTHER loser Senator from VA.
Why don't you adopt a few ?
Not unconstitutional-The ruling based on judging the personality of President Trump in a non objective lens. The Democrats/Judges own this.
Do you think this will stop us?
Applaud this: https://vimeo.com/145740894   & https://vimeo.com/26537583   & http://www.jewsnews.co.il/2017/02/08/british-imam-infuriates-europe-by-saying-white-women-be-be-used-as-sex-slaves-in-continent-when-islam-takes-over.html … …
Ok, if someone gets in from one of those countries and kills someone, I'll you hold you as one of the many responsible.
I agree. Instead of stopping travel 4 timeframe. Slow process down to do extensive checks.
The inability of the White House legal staff to draft a law that complies with the Constitution is scary!
I hope your children are ready...
Was it constitutional when Obama made the same Travel ban ?
You can put lipstick on a Muslim ban but it'll still be a Muslim ban! 
Imagine Churchill letting 20,000 Nazis into Britain because they played the victim card, it doesn't wash
Mark enjoy your last days, no it wasn't, if you push for impeachment you will be locked up!
the residents of Manchester, UK might disagree.  However, Katy Perry agrees with you!  Yay!
The Manchester bomber was born in U.K.
You and your pesky facts
Aren't you the guy who said he was in the service, and wasn't ? I wouldn't listen to anything u said , your always on tv trying to get attn
Im SURE youll really "applaud" it when ISIS slaughters our countrys innocent youth. ISIS is the sword, u sir are the shield
Thank you Mark for properly representing my Virginia values.
He represents your values, the guy is scum, so 2+2=4
#HypocriteGlobalist
Immigration without Assimilation=Invasion
I'm overwhelmed by how much "winning" he's accomplished.
Tell it to Manchester, devastated by a Islamist.
If & when it happens here, the 4th Circuit should be named accomplices & held accountable!
The guy there was born in U.K. So ban would have done nothing
Remember all of the visa & green card holder moaning when the ban first went into effect? He would not have been allowed back in from Libya.
Yes he would have cause he is a citizen. Not a green card or visa holder very different
Why did several reliable UK sources report he was a Libyan refugee? In fact, both his father & brother were just found in Libya.
His family is from there but he was born in the UK.
That just proves that we should keep families together by deporting them as a unit, including those born on our soil to the unassimilated.
It's not unconstitutional until the Supreme Court rules it's unconstitutional.
there is no reference to Constitution Like many liberal judges decisions this will be reversed by SC
It was BS the 1st ruling It was BS the 2nd ruling !! Get it to the SCOTUS now. Lives are at stake GD it! Stop ur politicking
HOW could these 4th circuit ANTI-AMERICAN MONSTERS uphold block on the travel ban in light of MANCHESTER?!
THIS is a form of terrorism
Isis says thanks!
A piece of good news!
Is it also unconstitutional to call a US Senator an Idiot that knows nothing about what he is talking about?
No but he has a law degree from Harvard. What do you have?
Well I dont have a degree in law, but I know for a fact that this ban is constitutional. Just like the immigration ban on japan in 1924
There are #Only18Powers for feds in #Constitution, #ProtectingStates from #Invasion by #CriminalTrespassers is  one #Art4Sec4
You sir are why I support term limits for US Senators
Then you applaud terror you scumfuck!
As a member of your constituency, your comments make me sick to my stomach.
Yeah, yeah comrade. Tell it to the Russians ..
there's nothing unconstitutional about it.  you clearly don't know what the constitution says.
Every time you speak or tweet makes me more certain you need to be replaced.
NOT a #MuslimBan it is essentially the SAME policy+order put in place by #POTUS44 just a few yrs ago. Stop the #BS rhetoric & obstruction.
Yesterday #DEMS lying & exaggerating budget consequences, smh. NOT Fooling Voters, #Congress controls the budget, Get it Done & Stop Crying.
Amazing how a Senator cannot read a statute..any country, any group. Your constituents should take a very long look at U.Perhaps a real job.
May truth continue to stamp out Donnie Darko!
