Exactly! Selective Moral outrage! Then there is this!
the baseball bats were a nice touch. so moral high ground 
Yeah, instead of unite the right it's incite the fight #trumptrain #AmericaFirst
Wasn't that statements made by Hillary, Pelosi and Lynch? They were on tv calling for blood in the streets.
I'm outraged at WS, ANTIFA & BLM...where has your outrage been towards ALL these groups. Cowards are our representatives in Congress.
Outrage does  not do anyone any good. Anger blinds, solutions are extream, hate is to follow. Turn outrage to concern. Find solutions.
Are you guys making a deal w/ @JulianAssange  ?  http://amp.dailycaller.com/2017/08/16/exclusive-republican-congressman-meets-with-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange/ …
Oh, I'm mad, but not why u assume I am. I want the monuments..part of history. no way r most Trump supporters Kkk or Nazis. U no better.
No outrage when an alt left shot a gop congressman though.  Trump is right if the left haters would not have come no violence
Yes.. I am outraged... at our Governor .
You're nothing but another do nothing senator
She is a true hero, name the park Heyer Park
i was hoping for Che Guevara Park or Stalin Sanctuary 
Where was your outrage w white supremacists last month? I'm outraged only at the left's hypocrisy!
I honestly think the shadow government has something to do with this. Since when do you believe in God?
Thank you Mr Warner for your leadership!
Start moving out of your office!
Thank you for saying what needs to be said.
It's coming.....
I am still stunned. Outraged-yes. Sad-yes. Confused-yes. How are we here & how do we move forward.
Obviously YOU are the one not paying attention.
why did your supporters have bats?
Senator, will you call for impeachment? Begging you....
yes since we all know trump organized the event 
Gather up the Senate & do something-even if GOP stand by & watch our country's moral values erode, Dem leadership must stand up
nothing says moral like a baseball bat. 
yes; let's dump the Constitution and just declare martial law. 
#HeatherHeyer  was a fierce patriot! What is sad is that Trump hasn't even called her mother & give his condolences. #ImpeachTrump
I am sure you know that is a patently false statement!
Which part? That Heather is a fierce patriot or the fact that Trump didnt make the call? Welcome to Twitter.
We need to control the snow flakes first, they impede and attack all freedoms
I'm OUTRAGED at the behavior of the leftist, liberal Democrats who refuse to unite with The PRESIDENT @POTUS!! U R dividing this nation!!

I love the "outrage"...it's so so so socialist...
your constituents appreciate your heart, Senator 
Please Impeach Trump. I left you a voicemail
I am outraged that the weak leadership in our govenment is not condeming the idiots on both sides of the riot in Cville. Hate is Hate
What I am outraged about is your stance and failure to condem blm and antifa at charlottesville.
What are you going to do about it?
Hope all this madness is coming to an end, I want to focus on cool things like #area51 !
A hacker from Ukraine who wrote code involved in hacking the DNC is now cooperating with the FBI. @AndrewKramerNYT https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/16/world/europe/russia-ukraine-malware-hacking-witness.html …
Or,  you're probably a Republican like McConnell or Rohrabacher.
#IAmOutraged I have been since age 13, I am 62 now
Thank you for speaking out, Senator @MarkWarner
Amen!!!!
Don't judge
Trumpy the CLOWN was 1/2 correct

WW 2 had BOTH SIDES and 1 of those SIDES were the NAZI'S
I'm outraged and disgusted with our president
Why did charlotteville give the white Supremacist a permit to rally?
It was rejected, then they won it in court.
Be smart, how can John Kessler go from a left wing occupy Wall Street organizer to a white supremacist organizer?  Who's payroll is he on?
He won't even look into it let alone try to explain it. Why? Because he is a globalist HRC puppet who backs division
Yes, you are right to some respect, but we need to educate the LIV's who are being brainwashed with ideological propaganda, or we are lost.
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
Your judge gave permits to these animals against town's wishes! Knowing who they are! He has blood on his hands!
Who knows maybe you are right this time but you = boy who cried wolf - I hate what the president just said even if he hasn't said it yet
We do not welcome this POTUS in AZ. IMPEACH NOW.
Hello Marky Mark Warner, can I call you @MarkWarner I got someone for you and your @DNC to see.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_AlUxtKmDA … It's enlightening.
Oh, i'm outraged... by BOTH sides far right and far left!  What happened to Virginia, "where even the mountains are moderate!"
If a political official told the police to stand down and the Rule Of Law was broken should he be responsible?
#Hannity if a political official told the police to stand down should he be held responsible for breaking Rule of Law?


I heard you say on Tapper's show you've been giving this pResident the benefit of the doubt?! WHY?! WHY?! Stupidity, Senator, Stupidity!
...states the lowlife not outraged by violence on the left.
Still can't believe Trump attacked the people opposing her killers.
Let's all work to shine Heather's light & work for social justice, humanity for all
Okay who is Wes Bellamy? What are his views on Whites and Rape? What role did he play on Friday? @POTUS saying ALL hate is bad, including..
We are outraged that Congress won't come together and get rid of Donald Trump! That is the only solution to this problem 
I need to ask... why does VA STILL CELEBRATE LEE JACKSON DAY AS A GOVT HOLIDAY 
Thank you, senator. #ImpeachTrump
Plz Remove trump from office
yes; under obama my check was much bigger 
Virginia resident here. I, and most of my friends, are so ashamed of you and all those around you. The polls will reflect that.
Not the polls. Who trusts these MSM polls anyway? What will reflect is when we vote him out
Amen!!!!! Glad to hear there are like minded thinkers!
I am a proud Virginian & a very angry American. Heather did not have to die, but she did. The violence could have been prevented, no permit.
Rest Well,Heather 
Stop pandering to your base! Any chance you get you use it against the American ppl. Heather was there with fellow ANTIFA to cause problems!
I assume you're aware these evil people are planning to come back today to harass people at her funeral? Emboldened by their president. 
Thank you for standing up for us.
Yes, that's what we need. MORE outrage. Thanks for being responsible Senator.
please denounce him and call for resignation.
Does Trump really think Washington and Jefferson were secessionists? You've met him, is he, um, obtuse?
Yes outraged @both sides as should u b. There r 2 sides to every fight sir how bout denouncing antifa also
Not on his agenda unfortunately
Thank you
We are outraged at your pathetic 10% approval in Congress!  TERM LIMITS PLEASE, WE DEMAND IT!!!!!
Thank-you, Sir!
Now act! Tweets accomplish nothing. I might as well read a Tony Robbins book.

I'm outraged. This man MUST go. Racism cannot be tolerated, especially in the WH. 
#25the45
I am more than outraged!!
R I.P. Heather #HERO
Censure, censure, censure. #censuretrump
If one is not embarrassed by this president, one may need to reevaluate the type of person they believe to be.
Ripe time to start calling to #ImpeachTrump senator. Time to show true leadership.
@MarkWarner then DO SOMETHING.
He needs permission to do anything. He's a puppet!
Will you & Sen Kaine be attending?
Never have words rang truer
When does this shit show end? We've a right to know. This is beyond crazy. This country has taken a nose dive on the global leadership stage
Iam outrage about u pray for this country instead of putting someone down u help ok
I'm more than outraged
God rest your soul dear warrior ~ you did not die in vain 
Sir, please expedite the removal of this piece of potus from office. How's the investigation coming along? #ImpeachTrump
At this critical moment, what this nation needs is the healing, not dividing.  You know that, Senator! #MAGA
Miami, 8.16.2017
Please, Say It! It needs to be stated. By every official in our Government.
NONE who stood WITH enemies of the United States of America were "very good people." NONE of them were! Educate @realdonaldtrump. Say it!
Oh we r outraged. Now it is up to Congress to become outraged enough to start the process of removing our racist,, bigoted, incompetent pres
Here is one of those "nice people".
How's that investigation into Trump progressing? Sooner would be better than later. I'm sure if u need help we can round up millions.
I am outraged that you and the left won't call out others for similar hate messaging. Will you take of those filters please?
Then outrage Trump's ass OUT OF OFFICE, Mark.
Signed, 
A registered Virginia voter
#WhiteSupremacistInChief must be censured!
trump has thrown down the gauntlet to the American people. trump values 'white nationalism' over the American people as a 'whole'.
did you know the mayor of charlottsville  had to resign teaching because of his racist & misogynist tweets?
I'm outraged that dems are giving ANTIFA a pass
What is happening?? I am so disheartened, how can Kelly, Cohn, Munichin and even Jared stand by a neo nazi (supporter)?
Heather didn't have to die.She put herself in a dangerous situation.McAuliff told them to stay away from the area
We need extra force at her funeral they are planning to be there 
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/america-top-neo-nazi-website-daily-stormer-orders-followers-harass-funeral-heather-heyer-victim-a7895496.html?amp …
#HeatherHeyer died standing up for what she believed in.  It is really unfortunate @realDonaldTramp defended the Nazi who killed her.
Amen
Thank you for spreading Heather Heyer's message.
Tell that to the @GOP  they are spineless
When does @POTUS get removed from office?

#25thAmendementNOW
Amen.
This country cannot be governed by a man willing to make common cause with the people who did this. #Impeach45
"They" didn't do anything! They were rallying against taking down another historical monument. ANTIFA & BLM came to fight & you back them??
I am outraged, and at many sides. You should be as well.
