DO NOT ALLOW #JEFFSESSIONS TO CLAIM #EXECUTIVEPRIVELEGE OR REFUSE TO ANSWER LIKE YOU DID #COATS AND #ROGERS LAST WEEK.
I don't trust Burr as far as I can throw him. Glad you're there. Mueller should have free reign without possibility of firing period.
Under Oath? Because if not, save the electrons Senator.
Thank you, Senators! @MarkWarner You make us proud to be Virginians!
Does Sessions belive IC agencies when they say  Russia interfered with the election. Reality Winner leaks saids yes! Comey, Yates say yes!
Thank you Senator Warner. Looking forward to Sessions' testimony. We need assurance that Mueller will be allowed to complete investigation
You are both doing a good job but this situation requires an independent investigation so we can get to the real truth. #RussiaGate
Now you need to get Loretta Lunch to testify under oath.  You know to show you are being non-partisan.
I agree but that is a whole another investigation. I think we need to first find out about the crooks holding office then come back to Lynch
What will you and Sen. Burr do if Dir Mueller is fired?
Will Sessions be in contempt if he insists on executive privilege w/o the president* claiming it prior to the hearing?
We get to watch @SenatorBurr Chair of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence kiss Session's ass & bully women who are smarter than him.
If this is NOT a Public Hearing.....then, Democracy is Not being served.@GOP continues to Game the US Gov't.
Will you be urgently insisting that president* Trump declare executive privilege before Sessions testifies? AG can't claim for himself.
First question: mr Sessions, why should we believe anything you say now when you have not been forthright and truthful to us in the past?
Such transparency & honesty in this administration!  Finally! Too bad MSM hates our country so much!!
@donnabrazile @SenatorBurr Please ask him if Trump ever asked him to drop the Flynn investigation!
Glad its an open session and not closed as some were suggesting it should be.
Nail this traitorous elf to the wall
Do not trust Burr. Hope he turns out better than what I suspect he is...we'll see.
Ask about the 40 fired prosecutors, and if the president actually reached out personally???
You're all way smarter than him.  Trip him up.  Don't let him get away with more lies.  Thank you!!
Witch hunt
Maybe he will and maybe he won't. Delusional Donnie's cronies & sycophants just refuse to answer questions, knowing the GOP will do nothing
Open session? So he can dodge questions like Coates and Rogers? Good luck getting him behind closed doors to answer. And @SenatorBurr? Huh.
Please ask if @PreetBharara spoke to him about inappropriate calls from Trump before Trump fired him!
He perjured himself once and got away with it. What is going to keep him from lying again?
As anticipated, Sir please consider about Mr Comey, he served the nation for so long and got a return like this, it's worse than 3rd world
Thank you Senator! We needed this to be a public hearing. Sure your questions will be on point
Thank You Sen Warner. I not wait to hear Sen Burr questions
Now that he's had time to brush up on his story a.k.a. lie

Chances that executive privilege comes back into play tomorrow?
Thank you Senator.  Keep shining the light.  Hold Burr to his committments to follow the facts/actions wherever they lead. #FollowTheMoney
Thank you Senators
Where did you find all this interest in ethics and supposed perjury?
You seemed to lack it over the past 8 years.
And you guys need to stop the horrible AHCA bill that you're trying to sneak through while no one is watching - we see you
Please don't let Sessions weasel out of perjury. 
Thank you both so much! I appreciate your wiliness to try and get to the bottom of this quickly.  I awoke scared Russia has taken over Trump
Good! Can Y'all please ask Sessions about his meeting at the Mayflower Hotel !?Along with his other meetings he lied under oath abt! Thanku!
Get us the truth. Corruption must be dealt with
We have to start somewhere.  It's going to take awhile but at least we're on the path with the AG now
Will he be held accountable if he lies under oath (again)?
So glad it is public
Oh, it must be time for the President to lie again.  His mouth is moving and sound is coming out.
Excellent news!! The American people want to hear the truth
I am  sure you will b disappointed Warner. As you continue to cry about the election results with constant hearings
TY Sen. Warner.  Hope Dems go on the attack regarding his perjury.  He's so corrupt & horrible liar so catch him in every trap possible
Watch out, Sessions is not to be trusted he already lied to you on oath
All of America NEEDS your help like never before.  This is war, a secretly covert WAR.  Show the world what America is made of, & reveal it!
We have had enough!  Anyone else would have been fired for these LIES.  This is not acceptable behavior for the AG.
So are you still going to cry Russia, Russia, Russia? Why didn't you reveal to the public @PONTUS wasn't under investigation? Shame on you!
Finally! Clearly, some people have no prob talking w/Russians in private but testifying openly in front of the American people is a problem
Thank goodness U r there to keep this process on course.  Sen Burr evens helps make *some* Republicans look, well, not totally crazy.

He is going to lie. Why bother? He is a proven liar. He lied during confirmation and continues to this very day!!
Will he say anything, claim exec priv, demand to speak in closed session, decline to comment for no legal reason...?
Thank you! Sorry for all the tweets about making it public!
thank you for open session.
@SenJohnMcCain your bedtime today is 9pm.
Open session! The public has the right to know!
Hope he is truthful-that his memory doesnt fail so he doesnt "forget" to provide ALL the information not weeks later when he is asked again
Thank you both. We need an independent investigation into #TrumpRussia. We also need assurance Mueller will be allowed to finish his job.
Trump will fire him as soon as he possible can.
That is the fear, yep. Cowards gonna coward.
Yea, well, he has lied under oath before, what makes you think he isn't going to lie now.  He is a sleezey little worm just like the rest.
Open sessions on important matters are good for all members, imo. It's good for the public to see their powers
Will he actually answer anything? or will this be rogers/coats repeat that felt like a waste of time? They seemed to set dangerous precident
This is good.
How do we trust a man who has already perjured themselves?
With fingers in ears, tongue out, nose held. Just like Republicans!
OPEN SESSION!!  Thank you, sir.
Please @jeffsessions be honest and thorough.
