Open. Oh God please. Open.
Honestly, with #SpecialCounsel in place, why should #MikeFlynn come play #Jeopardy with politically motivated Democrats on the committee?
Thank you. Godspeed (especially SPEED)
@jfreewright @realfacade1 @JoyAnnReid No closed session. Everthing open. No reason Russia should know something American people do not.
Tht Dems Rjust going along w: this ruse is highly disturbing.All tapes/ transcripts existing reComey&RU visit needed 2b handed overYESTERDAY
Another Trump supporter who refuses to learn facts.  Who you going to blame when Trump is impeached or quits ? Democrats, Obama, Hillary ?
Are you talking to me?Look at my timeline. I despise Trump. My beef is that giving WH time 2 edit or destroy tapes is just DUMB. HeWillDoIt!
The man who couldn't seem to decide for or against.  Chaffetz started last night like he was on fire. Burr had to join in I guess.
Won't this now be handled by Mueller?
#Democrats (and some #Republicans) demanded #SpecialCounsel & got it. They seem surprised #MikeFlynn won't talk to them.
His friend also said there are multiple memos, all of Trump, saying things that made him uneasy. Sucks 2 be Trump.
If Comey accepts (& he better), the only questions from republicans will be: "Who leaked the info about this memo?"
THANK YOU FOR UPDATE.
thank you, Senator Mark Warner. All patriots on deck .#makeamericasleepagain
Best hashtag ever. May I use it?
Please do! Unstable @potus has made sane people into insomniacs
Doubt it.
As @SenJohnMcCain said -"More shoes will drop".  When will this be over?  This guy is getting away with murder --he said he would!
Trump is murdering the spirit of America in cities & towns everywhere! Remember 45's: "I wouldn't lose ONE follower if I murdered someone?"
Yes I remember all too well!  He clearly has mental health issues and it's no laughing matter! He's been screaming for help - we r ignoring!
You're a psychologist and examined him, huh? Thought not. You people are unhinged.
No, in fact he has gotten a pass on so many things. Thank God we have senators like Senator Warner and Senator Kaine!
Must be open session only!
He's eager 2 testify, will be explosive, according 2 a friend of his who was just on CNN. Said will be a hearing 4 the history books 
The future of our democracy depends on an independent commission, beholden to no political party, in service of truth. Pls support this too.
Thank you @MarkWarner!
Burr is a trump apologist, defender and traitor. #BurrMustRecuse
Thank you! James Comey must be heard. This rape of American democracy cannot go on any longer.
You must have just arrived in the US this year.  The Clintons were ten times worse! Selective memory by most Americans!
Nut job Comey is no longer a government official and should not interview in private so you libs can continue to lie
Honestly I think we need the Congress and Senate to make all of their emails and schedules public...tried of the BS aka Taxpayer
Remember if someone fires you, just write a memo accusing them of crimes...
That's apparently what we do now.
These memos were done at the FBI and other agents were present. LEARN THE FACTS.
Anonymous people were present? How do we learn facts? I wait for real proceedings (courts/hearings).Law.
Open & Closed? Nice stuff!
The NSA  has all info the FBI would need on Flynn, yet no indictment. Investigation going on for almost a year. So, why is it a slow roll?
These hearings need to be open-period.
Should also see his notes on the Hillary Email Server investigation
"Invited"? Is it optional?
Open session only.
No closed testimony AMERICANS deserve to hear the complete testimony!
it's time for a rhino hunt in Washington
If there is a memo and Comey held it he is required to be prosecuted. NO ONE IS TOO BIG TO JAIL
Thank you both.
Can we have a holiday for the open hearings?? Show C-SPAN in theatres?
Thank you
Looking forward to hearing more memoranda read by Comey
#ComeyMemo 
#comeydontplaydat
Can u ask what was given to the Russians when Obama said that he would have more flexibility after the 2012 election. Let's get all details.
thank you!  I hope this happens soon.
Will you be asking the White House for their "tapes" as well?
Be careful what you ask for cause you might get it.
Why didn’t you request any Trump tapes @MarkWarner??  Even Republican Chaffetz has requested them.
Serve subpoenas if you have to. Nothing less at stake than our democracy.
@CliftonWiens :-)
Thank you! #countrybeforeparty
Good job
@sonicearlobe_79
@realDonaldTrump better hope comey has bad memory compared to potus "tapes" #ImpeachTrump
And you really think America supports liberals who are trying to destroy this country we love? NEVER! You showed your not for America!
Maybe we should check your connections?
Do NOT allow him to plea 5th or immunity. Civil War developing b/c illegal leaks/unmasking/spying info Comey hides

Well done, Senators.
Request any recording the WH may have too.
Not sure if we can trust Burr.
Don't like him. Didn't vote for him. But at the moment, I think we can.
I sure hope Comey sticks to his guns on only appearing for public testimony. I think we've had our share of closed-door meetings.
TY Senator Warner, for this and for being steadfast on this issue since Day One.
I'm sure he knows, as a lawyer, that he should wait for a subpoena.
Yes!!  Thank you!!
Thank you!!!!!
#Comey will not come to testify by invitation. Subpoena him. #Tatiana
I imagine that's what he's waiting for. That's the right move.
Thank you for persevering with this. I fear our #POTUS is a danger to our country.
OMG, please!
