@timkaine and @MarkWarner Can we count on you to oppose the Graham-Cassidy bill?
Thank you for saving me the call Senator.
Thank you hope you are doing your best to influence others to do the same. I am in NC but my kids are adults living in VA.
THANK YOU!
Why did y'all not oppose ACA in the beginning? Let private sector work!!!! Insurance is not a right!!

Thank you!!
@MarkWarner can we count on you to stand for effective health care? #ObamaCare is broken, just opposing everything else isn't leadership.
Thank you, @MarkWarner & @timkaine!
I hope you can get some of your R colleagues to find his/her conscience and empathy and vote no too!
Now it's time for you to sign on with @SenSanders #Medicare4All bill
Can we count on you to co-sponsor #Medicare4All ?
atta boy Mark
And thats why Virginia will be happy the you both will be out of office very soon
Thank you
Man, thank you for not being terrible.
@caltexona @timkaine wow, way to wait for that CBO score you wanted before making a decision.
Proof is in the pudding. We'll see when the vote is called, if it's called.
You are hypocrites.
Thank you Sir!!
Bravo!  Am very proud to be your constituent and to call you and @timkaine my senators! Thank you!!!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you!!
Thank you!!!!
Thank you from this Virginian.
Thanks!
Thank you!!
Thank you for continuing to fight repeal of the ACA!
Thank you for your honor, intelligence, and compassion.
Thank you.
The indiposed Law allows you to proceed
Injury was too lengthy and still persists even 14 years later ....Indeposed.
make my Utility College 5mile radius Law  limiting ElectricOutage to priority repair meaning FIRST not 3weeks later. & settle my damages per
Thank you both! @timkaine @MarkWarner
make some adjustments ?
Thank you!
Please do everything in your power to get rid of this bill. Good people are counting on you and @timkaine. Your leadership is crucial.
THANK YOU!
But what if that's not what all of us want
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you!
Thank you!
This POTUS did not one time use the word DEMOCRACY.?
Mark. You're the sexiest man alive right now!
Fyi, "This is the end of Medicaid" type of tweets sound like hype however close to the truth. Work on specifics please.
Does a dog bark? Shumer talks. You two jjump. You don't represent Virginia. You represent your Democrat establishment leaders. Term limits!
Can we count on u to tell us truth abt Obama wire tapping Trump Tower? Why did Clapper lie abt this?
So thrilled to have you as my representative.
Thank you for doing what you can to protect healthcare for the millions of us with pre-existing conditions!
Thank you!
Thanks
Have you had any conversations with #GOP Senators?
Thank you, sir.
Keeping it in DC Senators doesn't always benefit Americans
@caltexona @timkaine can we count on you not to read it like the #ACA
Thank you, @MarkWarner !
& @timkaine : Can we also count on you to support #MedicareForAll?
Thanks for propping the utter disaster that is the ACA. We'll have bad govt health care and death panels in no time!
Thank you.
Thank you, @MarkWarner. Thank you so much!
@caltexona @timkaine 

That's great! @marcorubio isn't even picking up his phone this week. Lives in Trump's pocket now.
I would call my Senator (you) but I already know you oppose it! Thanks for fighting for us!
Can we count on you to continue a Obamacare where premiums are sky-rocketing!? #MAGA
@GOP how could you do this to your constituents #deplorable.
I guess someone has not been paying attention. NO DEM would ever vote for this.  Well maybe @Sen_JoeManchin who loves to vote with GOP.
Mark a person hack you lie about what Obamacare has done to this nation
Thank you, Senator Warner.
Thank you!
#SaveLives #SaveACA
Still waiting for you to condemn Antifa. Still waiting for you to support Kate's Law.
Repeal Obamacare and let the free market compete
The free market wants to drop you when you become expensive. The free market doesn't want to cover your pre-existing conditions. 
No repeal.
And the government won't!!! Ha I'm in the VA system and we no what that's like!!! You are a joke a socialist and well.......
Pretty sure that the ACA prevents things like lifetime caps and requires coverage for pre-existing conditions. So no, the Government won't.
And am I a socialist? As far as healthcare is concerned, yes. Healthcare is a right. It should be here in the USA, not profit motivated.
Yes if you force people to purchase it and take their freedom of choice away
Absolutely! I  ACA
I'm glad that we in Virginia don't have to be calling our Senators to stop this horrible bill.
Please please please. Keep your word!
All either of them did for 8 yrs was rubber stamp anything Obama presented. They were poor representatives of Virginia then as well as now!
