State would have to say how it "intends" to keep coverage "adequate" & "affordable" for people with pre-existing conditions. But that's it.
There's no metric for adequate or affordable I can see in the bill.
Does it meet the Jimmy Kimmel test? That would appear to be up to states.
Reminder for Sen @BillCassidy: Kimmel test is "No family should be denied medical care, emerg or otherwise, because they can’t afford it"
Many Rs have argued it should be up to the states, and Johnson in particular has called for separating sick people into their own pool.
One big difference between this bill and some earlier efforts: the taxes on the wealthy remain. That means more money that can be spent.
But all the spending ends in 2027. Congress would have to agree to extend.
Text of the pre-ex & benefits waivers in Graham-Cassidy:
Waiver also says "CONTINUED ENROLLMENT" - which appears to allow states to give insurers right to raise rates if you or child gets sick.
This isn't a "pre-existing condition" so much as a "condition" if it happens after you buy.
It could mean much lower premiums - if you stay healthy. The question is what do states do for the sick? High-risk pool?
States would also control benefits. So, thinks like hospital care, prescription drug coverage, maternity would be hashed out state by state.

This is what Graham-Cassidy requires before states could let insurers charge sick people more $$$: 
This should come as no surprise! Likely has tax cuts for rich?
no.
But would very likely allow more tax cuts for the rich through the tax "reform" leg.
No
Anything that decreases the deficit would politically increase the likelihood of tax cuts for the rich.
It doesn't materially affect the deficit until 2027.
How many billions annually constitute a material reduction?  And is your response relative to no additional Medicaid expansion absent G-C?
Cold-hearted to expect higher rates for babies born w/ health issues. Special needs mean > costs to parents& 1 may have to be primary CG
Due to preexisting conditions from a brain tumor, I spent 55% of income on healthcare before #ACA. Now it's 8% & I've saved $35K over 4yrs!
Hope things are looking up for you health http://wise.Health  crisis even w/ insurance have wiped us out several times over past 12 yrs.
I'm currently 11.75 years cancer free! I only get MRIs every few years now, but I'm still trying to cope with my mild version of narcolepsy.
Congrats!!! And happy for you the narcolepsy isn't too intense
Thank you! I have much to be grateful for indeed. But I'm fighting for more than just myself…
Those who face similar adversities without strong families are particularly vulnerable to the high costs of medical and mental healthcare.
But you my not realize they have a defect until they become president
Not just "appear." It DOES.
If you want your governor to have a slush fund, support this bill.
If you want your state to have HEALTHCARE? NO
In other words, back to the dark ages.
The best solution would be to adopt aspects of #GermanBismarckModel into the #ACA to make our Private health insurance industry Nonprofit.
Then we could invest public money to fully funded pharmaceutical R&D into essential medications to justify placing price caps on drugs.
Bc the "#FreeMarket" is excellent at producing new boner pills #ForProfit, but it's lousy at Curing serious diseases.
This garbage makes me sick, but I can't even pretend to be surprised by @GOP cruelty anymore #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid #ProtectOurCare #Resist

Help our KY family:
2 disabled retirees
3 underpaid workers w/preexistings
5 dependant children w/preexistings, including 3 w/special needs
Please don't let our government punish my son & d-n-l for adopting 3 children with special medical & educational needs.
Grandson has type1 juvenile diabetes even with insurance insulin is $600 a month.
This repeal will destroy families.
Pro-life and pro-family values on display, right here.
You’re missing one piece. From their perspective it’s “pro-MY-life and pro-MY-family. Don’t want MY money going to ‘the other’”
They pass laws impacting my health, life and career options.  This is not about anything but them controlling Others.
Funny, though, that apparently they think they or their families will never get seriously sick. I guess they believe in god but not karma.
I'm pretty sure people that believe in God also get sick.
you think? :)
And much worse - it is a horrible bill
Wow
Guess they want to lose the next election ?
This is so sad!
These are people who pretend to be pro-life.  It will result in more abortions and more deaths.
So, Cassidy wrote and sponsored a bill that would blatantly violate the Jimmy Kimmel test.  Cassidy's intent on harming the most vulnerable.
@MarkWarner Support #GrahamCassidy way better than what we have today
This is so gotdamn cruel!
So this time the GOP uses its healthcare proposal to take aim at children with birth defects. Sen. Warner, please don't let this happen!
Our Governor in Texas will love this.
Why don't we see any mainstream journalists come out and write about the issues with these bills being put forth? Instead just attack M4A
Please stop them from harming my son
I'm a Special Ed prof. & appealing directly to Senators to protect the rights & protections of ppl w/disabilities. @GOP is a criminal club.
Esto es la continuidad a lo que emprendieron las administraciones anteriores. mucha gente hasta el momento no esta consiente de eso.
Why would any person with a conscience do this? What is wrong with these senators? Voters: please remember this betrayal. I am so fed up. 
So am I!
I am feeling you, Yvette.
How would Red States feel if National Flood Insurance doubled premiums for high risk disaster prone regions?
It's the GOP way. In their lives, defects include color, religion, sexual orientation. They don't want to share this world with those kind.
So much for the #KIMMELKLAUSE
Are you ok with this @dougducey?
(202) 224-3121
This is even worse than before.
Could Republicans be more evil and heartless? Is it possible?
#GOPCOMPLICIT #GOPPAIDOFF #GOPPAY4PLAY #GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP #GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #Scruples4Rubles #NotLookingGood #SILENTGOP #FRAUDS #GOPHYPOCRASY
because, you know, evil.
Can you believe this?  What kind of people are these???
Deplorable!
It's all part of the largest American "shake-down" crafted specifically by the GOP grifters that cheated their way into positions to do it
Cc @SenToddYoung this is not okay. I called your office today also. #hoosiers deserve better.
We fought. Dems caved to Bernie's BS Plan. I hope they realize that partnering with Bernie would bring them down. This Bill will pass.
Graham-Cassidy Bill is seen as a good thing for Bernie's BS. But it won't be....as dems will never win with Bernie on their side.
No longer will these treacherous sick children be allowed to victimize our fine for-profit insurance corporations.  Help is on the way!
time to start review lobbyist payments to reelection committees
Cool! But I assume no money for women choosing whether or not to have children with birth defects? Pro life my ass.
This is what the American people have been complaining about, insurance companies unable to deny coverage or charge whatever they want.
Well, you know, they are freeloading off those people who live good lives and all.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy @SenDeanHeller - how can you even possibly consider yourselves pro life with this bill? How????
@MoveOn @benwikler this is why we must continue the fight and stop @SenateMajLdr and   @GOP from ruining healthcare for children
Utterly disgusting. I'm appalled that this is what our elected officials think of us. That they have the power to affect others in this way.
Reminds me of George Orwell. "All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others." #sigh
This bill is worse than previous repeal efforts. Call senators daily: @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenAlexander
It lets them charge you more if you have give birth with no complications!  This is just greedy #deathcare.
Pro-Life party 
What if the Senator has a soul defect?? Is this covered under their plan??
Seems to me that this is govt involvement in our health care as well. Just denying access instead of allowing easier access. #GrahamCassidy
Born with TGA. Let's not close the doors on her future. #congenitalheart #heartbaby #bluebaby
Bbbbut pro-life!
That is one big "leave this country with that poor genetics" invitation.
Race to the bottom. Mississippi meet Alabama meet W. Virginia. Serves y'all right for voting 65% for Trump.
Ever wonder? Which CHURCH (If any) members this guys are?
That would truly help finish off WV!
Or in other words...pro-life
I have nothing to say except "fuck the GOP"
I was born with a birth defect. Insurers did this to my parents and it wasn't right then and it's not right now.
@SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenateDems This has got to B a typo,you all wouldn't sign something like this, Right?
Not the 3 Republicans that STOOD TALL 4 the American People the last time. You showed us U were looking out for us, YOU must STAND AGAIN 
You've given Americans hope with your last votes on HC along with @SenateDems, If plan is not good enough4 you personally,Then NOT good 4 US
Either these guys are sociopaths or they don’t know how to draft good HCR legislation. Or both.
The entire bill smells bad. It is designed to temovebenefits and destro health care
The same states that won't let women choose, then make them pay more for having a disabled child.
Because, God, and the Bible. Next.
Or gets sick while covered.
It is just another version of their brutal Replacement #NoCare plan as a retaliation against humanity
How does one judge a birth defect?  This actually seems like a slippery slope towards eugenics.  Thanks for sharing this perspective.
These lawmakers must   have perfect children and grandchildren, w/o chronic health issues, birth defects or mental illness. The rest of us?
This is so disgusting.
Does Congress still exempt themselves from this new medical "care" bill or stick with their amazing govt-funded golden plans? #FightOn
https://www.senate.gov/general/resources/pdf/senators_phone_list.pdf … Here's a list of Senator's phone # s. Call and stop them from repealing ACA. Only have 3 weeks
Wait until my Trumpster son-in-law pays 425% more for TrumpCare because his son was born with a heart murmur :( I won't say "I told you so"
Probably shouldn't even call it insurance if you don't let companies evaluate the rate they charge based on predicted costs.
Would people start to think more seriously about aborting a baby they know will be born w a condition they won't be able to afford to treat?
Because of laws on that, some states only have 1-2 clinics making that harder too.
Yes, I agree so what's their aim?  They will have a group of people that already go without that will suffer even more.
@Willeamon  What GOP does best; save a fetus, but kill a child
Because of course it does.
THIS IS WRONG @JohnCornyn @tedcruz
This is not #prolife.
That is straight-up eugenics
I'm sure many of them voted for these guys and will continue to vote for them.
These people profess to be the party of "Christian values" yet constantly proof their deviation from Christian teachings. They have no soul!
To state the obvious, that is so wrong!
Do they honestly sit around and think, "What's the most innocent and helpless group?  Children with birth defects?  Perfect!"
They are looking at lifetime expenses and where they can slash costs. Here are blinders on to the people behind them.
Honestly, how do these people sleep at night? Do they have/know any children with medical issues?
Doesn't pass the Kimmel test
How pro life of them.
Some think your sex or skin color are birth defects. They just don't want to cover anyone at all except healthy white men in their 20s & 30s
Really what's wrong with these white men "GOP" 
Fuck do you men care at all... 
#TheResistance

Guys start talking about greed and kingdoms and board rooms the GOP is the party of kings and CEOs
Of course--and health insurance gets higher and higher,thanks to trump and GOP legislature eliminating stop gaps
@lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins  please stand up again for your constituents and all Americans... thank you!!
Screw them
Wtf   you should  come   to  northern  ireland  you are clearly  on the  same  bullshit  level as our  politicians
Eff this.
Anything to harm the most vulnerable @GOP! Hope they don't have a child born w/defect or Autism & lose their job...which they will!
For any reason
A fraud scheme. Where's respect in humanity?
WTF?!
None of these people know what it's like to have a child with a pre existing condition...
"Freedom"
So appalling!!
Ron Johnson. I should've figured he would be responsible for this. I did not vote for that monster. This bill must be stopped.
These bastards will never give up. They only pretend to hoping to sneak it in on us.
All babies' lives are precious -- until they hit the birth canal. The minute a baby might cost a PAC donor a dollar, it's a parasite.
Johnson is Ron Johnson?
This is not about helping people, it's about putting a win on the board. This bill is a disaster
They are all about the people, right?  Oh yes, I forgot... the free market, regardless of the people.
My child's care cost more then a million $$ before his first month of life we lost everything too make sure our son lived I'd do it again
A debt we r still paying for, he turned 25 this year & will b until I die how much more could it possibly cost me
@SenToomey @SenBobCasey Really??? I thought you guys moved on to do nothing about taxes?
That's great because you're not already burdened with financial insecurity.
Doesnt this effectively promote abortions of disabled kids?  Anyone asked national right to life or the Catholic church their views on it?
Members of Congress must be on the plan too.
Sounds like this needs a lawsuit by disability advocates and organizations.
that's wrong. Im glad god is watching those who do wrong. You can't  get away with that cause he's gonna make them pay. Feel his wrath.
So we only care about the baby before birth?
Final solution: the hospital incinerator: avoid a burden on the State.
Old, morbid obese and -why not - ugly too. 
≤/troll>
@senrobportman Senator #Portman, certainly you would not do this to Ohioans, right?!

Of course it does, Republicans are garbage.
Vile. Despicable.  #LindseyGraham #JustSayNo
Disgraceful, unsustainable and ultimately counterproductive. And just cruel.
END  FOR  PROFIT  HEALTHCARE
Murderers, that's what they are. If your have a body you are a pre-existing condition
Very sad.
Also advocate higher insurance rates for left-handed people.
Republican solution:
Keep it in the womb until it can buy its own insurance.
Graham/Cassidy/Heller/Johnson appears to allow states to let insurers charge you more $$$ if your child was born with a birth defect.
@LindseyGrahamSC I was hoping you were one of the good guys.  Nope
Sure why not? Apparently unless you are born with a white penis, the conservative GOP will now consider you a preexisting condition....
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenDeanHeller @SenRonJohnson @GOP  I bet all these #Republican pricks ran as a #ProLife candidate.
After two bad bills, they double down with a much worse bill.
Get the profit out! H/C is not only a right, but not a good model for 'insurance', as insurance is for things you MAY need, not WILL need.
Was Graham always this awful?
Congressional Republicans are horrible people

My my. See what Bernie said in 1987 on freebies. Sanders: Medicaid-For-All Would 'Bankrupt The Nation' | Daily Wire http://www.dailywire.com/news/21083/flashback-bernie-sanders-says-medicaid-all-would-emily-zanotti?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=social&utm_content=091317-news&utm_campaign=dwbrand …
And what if genetic testing exposes a defect later?  Are we all born with "defects"?
They have no morals and only care about their donations from the insurance lobby and PACs.
Larry, Moe and Curly.....no wait, they had talent!
Heartless
Deplorable
Good ol Republicans. It's always money before life on their list of priorities
GOP: live good, moral lives and you have nothing to worry about. Have to ask yourselves why babies are so carelesss...
In other words..it won't fix failed bit obamacare
I will stand with you...whoever dispels this evil.  

I have a chainsaw
Demons
Unethical
Whenever a Southerner asserts "state's rights".........
Remember to vote these senators out of office getting ready to vote to repeal HC for 32 million people. @birdieglad @Voter
At some point, this has to lead to something like a USian French Revolution. GOP can't keep treating people like animals for much longer.
So....pro abortion then.
Oh, FFS!!!
Of course it does, insuring that child will cost their contributors (insurance companies) more. Ethics and Morality be damned. It's $$$
Motherfuckers
We cannot have a strong, prosperous country without healthy, thriving, not-impoverished citizens.   These venal men are traitorous villains.
Hateful GOP! Despicable!
Why does the GOP hate the people they represent?
The @Gop is the anti-American party.
GOP REPRESENT BIG BUSINESS ONLY
Of course it does. BUT,if you find out that you are carrying a child that cannot survive outside the womb without extensive care,no abortion
'Taint right
Why do they even bother to keep writing these heartless bills?!
There seem to be no appropriate words available for the people who think this is ok. 
Walk...for just one freaking second in those shoes...
That's the least of its problems.
@SenateGOP @SenJohnMcCain
Please Graham-Cassidy is not a valid solution. Pre-existing condition penalties obscene!  Appears? No, it DOES.
Doesn't pass the @jimmykimmel test.
Retweet and call senators
Has it been scored by CBO yet?
cc #maga crowd
Disgusting
Noooo
@LindseyGrahamSC
IS ONLY LOYAL TO BIG CORPORATIONS SPECIAL INTERESTS
@LindseyGrahamSC 
DO NOT CARE ABOUT REAL
There are enough unexpected expenses for families with special needs kids outside of increased health insurance premiums!!!  R they INSANE?
