This is going to affect my dad who had leukemia and diabetes
It's truly pathetic that you can't take responsibility for giving us Obamacare!
Virginians are paying the price because Obama Care ruined our health care system.  Legislation should not have been passed before read.
Everything Obama put his touch on is ruined. Healthcare, foreign policy, race relations etc. A true anti American Barack Insane Obama
I live in an area where people are poor and need help.  But as incredable as it is voted in large numbers for Trump.  Why?
I even have family member who voted Trump!
Could it be that Clenton had too much negative baggage makeing her a terrible candidate.
You DEMONCRATS created this mess all on your own. No Repub votes for the disaster called Obamacare aka Unaffordable Care act
The Senate can agree to focus on market stabilization and pass a standalone bill! Go back to work and rep the people who put you in office!
Why is it Trump's fault?  Who was it that  brought along Obama care?  We all are being screwed by Obama Care!!
Obama & Democrats are 100% to blame for this CRAP!! Don't you DARE try to blame Trump! Democrats forced this on our country! #FULLREPEAL
So you think FORCING this load of horse shit on us is any different? Premiums are going up cuz #GOP is sabotaging it
#FULLREPEAL
Oh please, this is the cause of Obamacare
We are paying because Congress  allowed greed of pharma and medical community go unchecked. Ask CFOs.  Self insured claims up double digits.
Virginians have been paying the price of Obama's blueprint for single-payer. Repeal root & branch of non-affordable health care act
BECAUSE OF YOU TERRIBLE SYSTEM YOU HYPOCRITE
No @MarkWarner we are paying the price for the burden that you and the Democratic Party put on America. #ObamaCareFail
Didn't you say he was presidential just this morning? Every crumb you feed the beast encourages its growth. You own a part of this.
Stop stroking his ego while simultaneously trying to appease those who rightfully stand up to his egregious acts/speech.
@AnthemInc sucks any horrible insurance company.
This is YOUR mess, Senator. You and @timkaine own it. Don't try to pass the buck. What is your solution for Virginians? #Healthcare
Get what you ask for. Trump said it was bad. He wanted it gone. Y'all begged to keep it. Now suck it up buttercup.
Lol what. Did you read the article? They are pulling out because of uncertainty in the Trump Administration
You voted for and passed the ACA. It has been in a downward spiral since the beginning. It's not Trumps fault.
Haha you've been playing politics with Virginians healthcare for well over a decade
You are blaming this on Trump? How do you sleep at night?  You are a Traitor to your country and voters. You must not be a Christian. - $20T
Repeal and replace Democrats
So MISLEADING: This is the Obamacare implosion we knew would happen.Blame yourself! @timkaine @PilotOpinion @kerrydougherty
Thank you
White Supremacists have marched on UVA Campus. This is intolerable in peaceful Virginia. Every effort must be taken to prevent violence.
The #GOP is in a masturbating frenzy over this. They have done nothing to help America or Americans. Set us back 70 years in 7 months.
Except the Obamacare is a 100% Dem owned legislation & failure.  Not a single Rep voted for it.  #SocialismSucks
You're paying the price just like everybody else because its a disgusting piece of legislation...
Oh,.. right Mark,.. and you OBSTRUCTIONIST Democrats haven't been playing politics?? Get over yourselves,.. STOP LYING TO UIS!!!!!!
You passed a bill without reading it. The repercussions now stem solely from the travesty that uss the ACA.
NO -?you and your fellow Congressmen and Senators both Democratic and Republican HAVE BEEN PLAYING POLITICS w/HEALTCARE
It's amazing that Democrats don't seem to understand economics.  Obamacare is 100% owned by Dems, who forced it on US. #SocialismSucks
You are seriously blaming Trump for the health care crisis??  POTUS didn't create the mess. You and the rest of the Democrats did!
Good try Warnercare
You can't really be blaming president Donald Trump for the healthcare mess
Hey Lefty. This is your health care plan causing the problems!  What a friggin hypocrite
You Democrats started playing politics way before so crawl back under your rock
This is one time I want a parliament system so I can vote no confidence.
Private insurance market worked well until Obamacare thought otherwise.  Obama destroyed it in 2010.  Democrats have hurt most Americans.
@markwarner..ACA is still the law of the land. If they are folding..you allowed it.
FAKE NEWS! CONGRESS IS 100% TO BLAME FOR HEALTHCARE! DEMS MADE SUCH A MESS! THE GOP DON'T KNOW HOW TO FIX IT!?
Virginians have been paying a heavy price for years because you've been "playing politics". You are irrelevant.

Yet another reminder that this administration is actively working to sabotage the Affordable Care Act. https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/health-science/the-first-affordable-care-act-enrollment-season-of-the-trump-era-is-still-a-mystery/2017/08/06/88f9bfda-7881-11e7-8f39-eeb7d3a2d304_story.html …

Trump is shutting down ACA call centers. He's trying to MAKE it fail, making it harder to get coverage on purpose. http://www.cnbc.com/2017/07/20/trump-administration-scraps-obamacare-signup-assistance-in-18-cities.html …
You had a misprint you meant to say obama right
Repeal Emergency Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act of '86. Replace O'care with total free market INCLUDING #Medicare option! Means test
Ameicans are Sick about 9 Years of Democrat Political Lies about OBAMACARE Mess. 28 Mil uncovered ! 6 Mil disobey the Law.
Same talking point as Dick Durbin.
Don't hold back, Senator.  "Now is the time that all good men come to the aid of their country."
This is *YOUR MESS* Warner!
So repeal the monstrosity! YOU put it in place!
My medication has gone up 50% in 6 months, to $1,450. I'm going without. We need real help.
& I won't have decent (if any) ins as Anthem is only ins co in Winchester that most doctors here accept.
You just want to continue the corporate welfare  toward a billion dollar industry while insurance companiesblackmail the gov.over healthcare
DemocRATS game is to blame eveyone else but you democRATS. Obama blame Bush democrats blame Trump.Time to blame yourself democRATS.
Sorry democrats created this loser crap
Fear Mongering Mark?
Of course he is. Did not mention he helped put pubkic in this mess
Wrong the Senate is to blame
Your party pushed this unsustainable crap of a bill through so it's on you not the president. It's falling apart cause it's worthless
We tried to warn you, Obamacare was trash, now it's imploding.  President Trump tried to stop it 
They were going to leave under the ACA. This is a spin and finger pointing. You're not for the ppl. You're for the party.
I wonder why....
Trump pushes to repeal that nightmare & liberals & McCain won't have it, now it is breaking the bank, it's his fault?
Yes, it's his fault
Senator Warner is absolutely correct! And the Kaiser foundation confirmed that it is trumps erratic behavior that is damaging the markets.
Right because Obamacare didn't start imploding until January 2017!
Not that you are listening to your constituents who ARE suffering and have been for years now.  Only lobbyists matter, right?
Trump is not the problem, you 2 are spreading lies , probably trolling for uninformed voters
I have Anthem through Obamacare. I've also had cancer. I'm worried now that I will be uninsurable. Russia, Korea, healthcare..we need help!
Ins Cos are the evil part of this monster. Why do so many of them claim to be non-profits?  Yet their CEO's make HUGE salaries?
Maybe if you didn't vote for awful Obamacare, we wouldn't need insurance company bailouts. You Dems own it
Ins is useless if deductible is too high. Ins Cos are making a FORTUNE in profits from premiums with NO outlay for care.
Really disappointing. We have been very happy with our @anthem insurance.
What needs to be fixed is Health Care COSTS, not insurance.  Get the lobbyists out, get Gov out, do Tort Reform.  REDUCE THE COSTS of care.
If the rinos would get on board it would be passed by now.
trump's behavior is a disgrace to the office
Not as bad as Obama the way he ruined healthcare for all and lied about it
No.  Many Virginians have been paying the price since this ObamaCare garbage was forced on us.  This is not an R issue it is Democrats.
If you would try to help, something could get done. That's why you were elected. Trying to block is not helping. Your lofty words are empty.
Why don't you be the first senator to sign his family up for Obamacare? I remember you are a big fan. C'mon, sign your family up!
Something needs to be done to prevent this
Yeah repeal
I agree, but please don't think the ins co's make decisions always with their members best interests at  They like big profits
@FoxNews Pushing for re-electionwith this msg is lying. You and Kaine as DEMS are ruining Virginia by supporting O’Care. DNC Responsible!
Time for single payer?
Medicare, Medicaid. Canadian system. Lots of systems out there.
tRUMP IS PLAYING POLITICS WITH MILLIONS OF LIVES IN S. KOREA AND ELSEWHERE.  GET HIM OUT OF THE WH BEFORE HE KILLS US ALL.
Yeah, Obamacare is @realDonaldTrump fault

I've seen the notices!! What happens now?
