This was a bad bill a month ago, and it’s a bad bill now. #VoteNoAHCA
*It's a worse bill now.
I will fight tooth and nail to keep #TrumpCare from passing the Senate. #VoteNoAHCA
Thank you!

#ACA #TrumpCare
And how many of them actually read it? Will cost more in the end while ppl suffer w/lack of preventive care.Come to ER w/advanced diseases
Are you having flashbacks to, oh let's say, 2010?
#Obamacare
Democrats do not care. They can lie about everything!! How about "You have to pass it to read it!" PELOSI!!
Just curious b/c haven't seen a lot of grassroot support even from diehard repubs. Do you honestly think this bill is better than Obamacare?
Yes, Mulvaney explained it yesterday. But let Obamacare fail and see where people are then. Democrats will blame republicans.
Do you really believe Mulvaney? He is bigger liar than Trump. He said -
And, yet, our current state of affairs can best be described as banana republic! If America cannot ensure safety, protection what good is it
No do it like obama just sign it don't read it at all when the people get up in the morning they will have obama care shoved down there thro
Kinda like Obama care right?
Spare us the fake outrage...you never read ACA and look at the mess you made! ACA IS DEAD!
I thought there were 2 amendments
Please request the CBO so that US citizens know what this will cost us.
Take the lead and collaborate with the GOP to develop an innovative healthcare plan.Your ideas are welcome.
#VoteNOTrumpCare.    Trump owns this, his watch.
But the way obamacare was passed is? Hypocrites u all
So many have died, so many left bankrupt, so many business closed because of craven obamacare ponzi scheme. 96% suffer to pay for 4%. Evil
Republicans are trashing American system of government.
PLEASE HELP US!!!! there is something very evil going on here and SOMEONE NEEDS TO FIND OUT WHAT IT IS!!!!
It is evil, the repeal of Obamacare is about the love of money meaning cutting taxes for the top 2%.
Doesn't matter to trumpsters.  Even though 11 of the states who had the most Trump votes will suffer the worst with AHCA
They vote against their own interests. What went unnoticed was a bill to strip time & a half over-time pay. You get time off instead.
The voter suppression, Crosscheck Program (voter purges), and gerrymandering needs to end. The Voting Rights Act was gutted in 2013 too.
Trust new Justice Gorsuch not to vote to change voting rights anytime soon!
I'm just glad that I'm wide awake, not asleep here anymore.
Kinda wish I could crawl under the covers till 2018 (when he's impeached)!
40 years old CBO was created with a purpose , that's called "accountability ".
YOU & REST OF your hypocrite pals: Sanders, King, Pelosi, Schumer, Cummings, ARE OWNED BY & WEALTHY FROM RICH donors & special interests.
NO IT ISN'T HOW LAWS SHOULD BE MADE: with you radical alt-left political hacks lying, stealing taxpayer $$ every day & your hypocrisy.
Ah ha.thats a joke right? You have to pass it to see whats in it, right. Keep ur doctor, right, premiums down 2500, right? Dumb and dumber
Welcome to Moscow... I mean Russia... usa?
@CoryBooker At one time Paul Ryan thought the same thing.
I prefer a total repeal and turn this over to the free markets that have served us for 240 years. National healthcare is socialism.
Who do you think ends up footing the bill for the uninsured who will flood the ERs?
No one is forcing them to be uninsured. If they are disabled they have medicare. Otherwise, getting a job with insurance might help.
And who pays for all the new people who will be turning to Medicare? Employers won't have to provide insurance under the AHCA. You know this
Then simply find an employer who does provide insurance. This is ALL within the control of every citizen willing to contribute to society.
If employers do not have to provide insurance, what makes you think it will be in any way simple for people to just find that?
It’s almost like Republicans knew they were doing something immoral and wrong.
Sounds like how Obama care was passed!!!!!!
LOL. They're playing by the rules the left established. Im not a fan of the bill personally, but you lot are hilarious.
Kinda like how the dems passed aca, isn't it?
That's the way you Dems rammed Obamacare down our throats! Poetic Justice.
@BeauWillimon UNCONSCIONABLE. ODIOUS. They 4get they work 4 WE the people. They care not a WHIT for 22 million+ ppl cvrdd by ACA
Now you know how we felt when Obamacare was rammed through. We are one step closer to correcting that error. #AHCA
It was 4 mos from the time the ACA was introduced to when it was passed by the house & an additional 4 mos for it to be signed into law
The final bill was rammed through in short order. If that is your standard AHCA has been put for well
Over a month. There. Non-issue.
Yeah and Obamacare shouldn't have been rammed through either , I agree something needed to be done, but its worse than ever
AHCA = Trumpcare AHCA = Trumpcare AHCA = Trumpcare AHCA = Trumpcare AHCA = Trumpcare #trumpcare
Are you insane.  How do you think Obamacare was passed you hypocrite.
What is your stance? You need a platform to take action. Don't just resist, act!
This is how Trump does business, selling your soul to the devil 11th hr deal to kill 24 mil ppl & ppl w/preexisting conditions
Isn't that how the ACA was passed? We have to pass it to know what is in it,
I wish one - just one politician wasn't a hypocrite
Sounds like Tha ACA 8 yrs ago.
By Amendments you mean no additional "pork-barrel spending."
All finalized bills should have no such pork.
Dems track record is to pass the bill the perhaps read it latee
<forgot "you have to pass the bill to find out what's in it." Tools.
We have to pass it to see what's in it, I guess. That's what happened last time.
Really? Now you're funny
FIX IT!!!
We need Senate to not fall down on the job on this. People will die.Trump will bribe.
We're counting on you. And taking names in the House.
Haven't you heard? The country is moving in a new direction.  It's called, It's Trump's Way or the Highway!"
Throw the bums out & impeach Trump.
Did you even read Obamacare before you voted for it?
You are a treasure, Senator.
Were you out of town when Obamacare passed???
Where have you been for the past 8 years?
like the market competition put the funding back to protect the high risk for insurers more will participate & we can get something going.
Thank you for at least being sensible.  Now if you take the good from ACA, fix the problems leaving coverages people are accustomed to.
Wreckless. Illconceived. Mean spirited.  Selfish. Just a few adjectives I would us.
Begging you guys to put a stop to this nonsense
I must've missed your tweet in 2009 when the dems did that very thing. #LiberalHypocrite #ObamasCockHolster
Thank you, sir. #voter #22301
Hopefully it will be how GOP Representatives get fired.
We'll remember each name come election time. The storm is coming. @HouseGOP
It was just voted in and now has to mske it through the Senate
It's how Obamacare was made.....
You are part of the problem. #DemExit
Dems could have joined the discussion, but they are obsessed with the Obama in ObamaCare
Kind of like the bill it replaced as Nancy said "you have to pass it to read it".
Where the hell was this outrage when ObamaCare was passed?  There were no transparent CSPAN meetings as promised.  #CUCK
That would have been wise to heed 7 years ago.
Our democracy is failing senator. Badly. #truth
Thank you for recognizing intelligence!
WINNER: Mot Disingenuous Tweet of the Day!
you mean like Pelosi saying "we have to pass it to see whats in it" type deal? REALLY? Go sit down, you #FAIL
Why will none of them tell us who will end up paying for the uninsured if we remove the ACA's insurance mandate?
Hypocritical thy name is @MarkWarner . ACA is dead. Iowa lost last ACA insurer. Zero @end 2017. ACA ruined HC in US
Seniors demand a more realistic COLA to Soc Security.Stop giving illegals, fake refugees, visa-holders our money. Put your own people first.
actually thats how shit should be done, tacking on changes to push your PORK through is not how bills should EVER be done.
ACA was passed in dead of night behind closed doors the same way with no republican input or votes. No room to talk
Did you object to the way #Obamacare was passed when it was passed? No?
#Democrats are full of (bleep)
This is how it is in the world of Trump. How can    majority of Americans support Congress & Prez who go against their best interests? #Sad
So glad you & Sen. Kaine are Virginia's Senators. I am 64, was laid off & thanks to ACA I have affordable insurance. If I lose it I'm done.
Gee Mark....sounds like Pelosi right?
welcome to ameriKKKa
3 things: see Nancy Pelosi for example of passing ACA; 2) elections have consequences 3) lies catch up to #ObamasLegacy
That's exactly how the ACA was passed.
Now it's all y'all's
Can we not put legislation into place that REQUIRES a certain timeframe, CBO score & adequate public debate before voting on it? #votenoahca
I was wondering that as well.
#IAmAPreExistingCondition #MySonIsDisabled #Autism #HeIsAPreExistingCondition #VoteNo
"If you want to know what's in it..."
Hope they're proud. Singing badly "hey hey hey, goodbye". SHAMEFUL!!! Deplorable!
You mean like when you Democrats said on ObamaCare, "We have to pass the bill to see what's in the bill"? Your hypocrisies are nauseating.
This is horrible!! They really want to screw people..Ryan is a PIECE OF CRAP AND THE TURDS THAT VOTED IT IN!!
The turds who voted him in are the same poor people who will no longer be able to get health care.  Talk about screwing yourself.
They will find a way to excuse Trump/Ryan and blame Obama/dems they have pre existing brain damage.
Oh I agree. Much easier to blame the black guy. Always is.
He is the ultimate scapegoat for the GOP.
They hated it because they called it ObamaCare.  They're some hateful aholes!
They hated him- wouldn't even pose for a picture with him. THEY are racist asshats- I will not pretend it is anything else. EVER.
Please do what you can to help us.
Yeah it is.
Thank you for everything you do. #impeachtrump #votenoahca
Look, y'all shoved O-Care down our throats......sit back and watch. Wait 3.5 more years and try and win again. Then you can do what you want
Sauce for the goose sauce for the gander.  Give it up
Impeach Trump and replace the GOP in the house and senate . @GOP
Unless it's the Democrats.
Be sure your brethren know, yes votes have consequences
Dictatorship
You Sir are a hypocritical  artist,  you know deep inside #ObamaCare was a failure but you can't admit Dems screwed up.
And remind me again how Obamacare was passed?
Just skipping this right by everyone are we? Crooks... scheming Crooks!
Did you read this one?
But this is EXACTLY how a stupid psychopath traitor trump does his job.With 0 IQ & rotten brain he is disaster in EVERY WAY for this country
Obamacare was passed midnight on Christmas Eve, and you never read the bill
ACA passed after a year of public input, and much debate. Get your facts straight.
You have some nerve after how #Obamacare was passed & the anguish it brought down on taxpayers.
Our country is in crisis mode. Please keep fighting. Expose Russia and Trump quickly before there is no country left.
Did you read Obamacare before you passed that monstrosity into law!???? S T F U
you mean like how Democrats passed Obamacare in dead of night before reading it?  The one now collapsing w/insurers heading for the hills?
@RepChrisStewart, you believe you are safe in our reddest of states, but your constituents will remember how you voted today.
#VoteNoAHCA
@SenateDems Thank You for your service.
@SenateDems If TrumpCare is so great why did senators exempt themselves. Now Thats Breaking News#Cnn.
and yet, that's exactly how obamacare was made.
Just like Obamacare.  You should feel right at home hypocrite!!
Then demand YOUR senators push for a clean repeal
And it's been stated by the GOP, that they don't think anyone has read the entire bill, my question is.. WHO WROTE IT #VoteNoAHCA
Thank you so much. And that is why I support you with my vote.
bill will hurt children & seniors. I pray Americans will stand up to this obvious war against Obamacare. Trump postpones trip to celebrate.
@RepCurbelo @RepWebster No hearings, no cost estI'm sure you read this disasterous plan, right?
Liar. Obamacare was made this way.
It's pretty much how Obamacare was made.
Don't allow Senate 2 steal healthcare from USA. This bill is an abomination & deserves 2 die like so many will if it's passed. #NoTrumpcare
Exactly, we should pass them so we can what's in them! Can you spell hypocrite?
So why Did Obamacare pass with no votes from Republicans 7 years ago? #hypocrite
Ocommiecare.......NOT ONE REPUBLICAN VOTE 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIVqInMfghA … we have  to pass the bill to see what's in it 

You people are hilarious
It's as if they have to pass the bill before they can see what is in it @NancyPelosi.
Short memories.
Hypocrites!
You don't even see the irony in tweeting this do you?
You mean when the other party is in power?
Reminds you of the backroom Xmas nite deal Dems did on Obamacare~!? YOU ARE PART OF THE PROBLEM SEN. WARNER #RepealAndReplace
Shut it down in the Senate.
This doesn't sound like a law, does it? Sounds like an edict. The legislature needs leaders working together for Americans not corporations
Seriously??
Hahahahahahaha
Remember "if you want to know whats in the bill, you have to vote for it "
Its been amended many times and has been around for 3 months, where have you been???
TRUMP AND GOP HAVE THE BLOOD OF HUMAN SUFFERING ON THEIR HANDS! 2017-18/2020-vote for the middle class and poor! Vote Democratic!
We are counting on your rational and reasonable voice.
Dems out of touch. Public knows CBO is never right,  dems don't listen when told. Demand CBO for political obfuscation.
Amazing that fiscally responsible legislators would act before CBO analysis. Hypocrites.
It's as if @GOP are hurrying to get their disgusting agenda through before Trump and others are imprisoned for treason!
GOP adamant in administering death to millions only making profits to feed their insatiable greedy appetites matters just DIE Ok
How soon we forget how the ACA was passed to begin with. Liberal bullshit lies once again. Brace yourself America.

,,
Fight the good fight when this abomination comes to the Senate.
We need a hit list by state detailing every yes voter. Anyone who votes yes for this horrible bill needs to be removed from the house.
Republicans are hypocrites- complained they need time to eval legislation, now jam thru piece of cruelty. Thx too Citizens United ruling
Maybe they should vote on it before they read it like your side did Ocare.
That's how obamacare was made
The hypocrisy from you/Dems who passed O'care without Rep approval or knowing what was in it is priceless. Elections have consequences.
@Congress @Senate @RealDonaldTrump GOP HEALTH CARE BILL HAS NO CBO SCORE YET AND THEY ARE VOTING???
Agreed. It's more like a coup. Or a putsch. #VoteNoAHCA
Plenty of amendments were included - House will pass - then Senate will have a crack at it. 2 bad Dems wouldn't help
I SEE U ARE PART OF THE SWAMP & REPRESENT EVERYTHING THAT IS WRONG W/IN OUR BANANA REPUBLIC GOV THAT @POTUS @realDonaldTrump IS TRYING 2FIX
OH umust B talking about every bill/deal Obumer ever made during disastrous 8 yrs as wanna be Prez! STOP LYING & START WORKING 4 WE THE PPL!
The idea that Paul Ryan, who doesn't even understand how insurance works, working on this is a bad joke.
Thanks Senator. Keep fighting!
Careful thought and review are essential to achieving quality healthcare for all! You are a champion @MarkWarner #VoteNoAHCA
I tried to tell Frank Lucas that...
Really? How do you think your party passed Olosercare?
This truth brought to you by the people who said: $2500 savings per family, if you like your plan or doctor you can keep it.
The truth:US healthcare is twice as expensive as other countries RIPOFF 
The Lie: Insurance companies r losing $.. B
#VoteNoAHCA Health care insurers crying the blues, shutting down in some states while they raked in record profits https://www.consumeraffairs.com/news/health-insurance-industry-rakes-in-billions-while-blaming-obamacare-for-losses-110116.html …
It is time to create ads in simple language so people can see what these "representatives" are voting yes on!  2018 needs to get here fast!
We are in a dictatorship.
I'm glad I can count on my Senator to do the right thing.
So you think when he signed a bill he didn't read previously that ruined my healthcare it was ok?
#VoteNoAHCA.  We need to start creating the advertisements for 2018 to go against the current reps voting yes.
