Deb I'm very disappointed with your vote  in the senate yesterday. Repeal and Replace isn't the answer we need to tweak only a few ACA items
Do not cut funding for Medicare/Medicaid! People's lives depend on it! #BloodWillBeOnYourHands #CanYouLiveWithThat
Will you vote for millions to lose healthcare? Will you vote against all the poor elderly in nursing home? 2 days of floor debate Really Sad
Where did you get your grumpy old man attitude Spencir ? - common of old naybraskans in phoenax arizonae ?
Repeal is not relief. 30 million uninsured is not relief. Please start focusing on how to fix the ACA instead of repealing it!
+ entitlements cuts as per @RepDonBacon for military spending. Time to roll up your sleeves & take care of your grandmother. #GOP values
You're such a liar.
Do you not remember how bad things were getting prior to the ACA? You've always had yours but refuse to allow those without to have any.
Now On social security and Medicare where do you think the exra money to pay for private insure for me will come from? Worked all my lIfe!
you again voted party over people. That's as despicable as the health plan that your offering. Do better or go home!
Premiums increased because of your beloved insurance companies, so if you truly care for Nebraskans you'll vote no
Single payer.
Big Pharma is ripping us off look into ways of controlling costs of pharmaceutical drugs and also limiting what parasite attorneys suing Drs
Deb please do not vote on any GOP proposal until you can present what's in it and get feedback from Nebraska residents
Nebraskans need relief here is Senator Fischer answer.
Senator, you really voted for a bill that WOMEN were EXCLUDED from drafting?! Do you want women to step back in time?? Country over party!
I am a proud Nebraskan and I don't believe you do what is best for Nebraska.
Your staff says you believe in keeping pre ex, kids until 26 and no lifetime or other caps. I'll be watching you closely
I think you're bound to be disappointed.
I've been nothing but disappointed with her so far, sadly.
Good idea. Vote to take insurance fom millions so some don't have to pay as much.
What is being done to allow health insurance companies to compete across state lines
Well you're totally wrong under the affordable character insurance has been a lot more affordable for me. You need to stop lying
Dang speech to text, I can't type well because of neuropathy. That should say the affordable care act insurance
Respectfully, using the term Obamacare is a deliberate Republican racially charged derogatory term.The correct term is Affordable Care Act
Your Yes Vote just Killed this Child Of God!
seems like you forgot what this means so here you go.
Glad you voted to debate.  Expect collaboration w/all of #Senate to agree on a comprehensive bill.  Lower premiums only part of problem.
This is not the plan. Please consider the elderly and people with disabilities. This plan is life threatening.
AMEN
AARP will remember your Vote!
You are Killing Baby's and Old People!
Thanks Deb you Baby Killer!
More generic statements, let's here a plan, why not work with insurance companies to expand services here in Nebraska or expand Medicaid?
#Nebraska voters got what they voted for denial of Medicaid expansion, state budgets cuts, & 800B in federal Medicaid cuts & addl (cont)
2018 is coming. You haven't listened to Nebraskans, despite being elected to serve us. Lobbyists own you. #ByeDeb
Never been politically active beyond voting. Looking forward to knocking on doors/making calls to help whoever runs against you in 2018.

Vote for the people, not your party.

Good job Senator
"Working with my colleagues" would that include working across the isles or just with your party..?????? Will you finally work together?????
How about sharing an idea or two about the reform? This is just a poor statement for voting party 1st....like you do on EVERYTHING.
make sure plan includes mandatory coverage for essential care, coverage for people with pre conditions, maintains Medicaid
If the new plan is going to be so much better, I'm guessing that all the  Congressman will be covered by it and not thier taxpayer plan.
How does the current bill help Nebraskans? Taking away coverage hurts the most vulnerable...shame on you.
What a load of crap.  You have had years to formulate a better healthcare solution what you voted on was neither healthcare or a solution.
The appropriations bill isn't healthcare,  it's a TAX CUT FOR THE 1%
Hey, you know what wouldn't be increasingly unaffordable?  #SinglePayer
Shame on you. You do not listen to Nebraskans and you are nothing but a rubber stamp for Donald Trump.  #AmericansFirst
We see what you're doing It's called the ACA Let's find a time for you to look my child in the eyes and tell him why it's ok for him to die
What kind of monster votes to take insurance away from, or out of reach of 30 million people in order to give 300 billionaires tax breaks?
If only 15% of the country supports this, represent the people not your own agenda. That's why u were elected.  Fail 2 represent vote u out
You need to start looking for a @Walmart job....you are cruel!!!
It just seems that you want to get rid of it b/c it has to do with Obama...
With all due respect, do you even know what you are voting on?
Shame on you Senator. This was a morally reprehensible vote.
So your solution is to vote for a plan that immediately increases premiums and kicks 15 million people off insurance in 1 year? #shame
You could end the ACA today if you had a clue what you were talking about.  Your incompetence is appalling
Nebraska it's sad your Senator sold you out for party instead of serving you. 2018 election? If so, vote her out she stands for nothing.
Disappointed in NE representation. When will you finally listen to your constituents? Show us the call logs. Your care should be taken away.
You're a terrible senator. Have you spoken with anyone who works in healthcare? This is a awful piece of legislation. #midterms #dumpdeb
Will you commit to only voting for a plan that increases coverage and reduces costs? Only then can you claim to care about Nebraskans.
We wanted you to improve ACA, not make it worse by eliminating essential health benefits, cutting Medicaid, and giving insurance more power
Single payer healthcare! Eliminate tax cuts for rich. Stop insurance companies & pharma companies from making billions in profits per year
I am hoping that we can vote u out and remove U as our representative but before that happens we need to take ur healthcare! vote her out!
The GOP will own this mess. People will die. History will show that you choose party over country and tax cuts for Koch's over Nebraskans.
If you're so committed to improving NE lives, why didn't you help craft the bill?  Surely they could have used a woman's opinion on health
You attacked the ACA without regard to your constituents so that you could lie and claim it is broken.
You are purposely crafting a bill that will hurt your constituents and destroy rural healthcare.
Your donors Kochs/NRA may appreciate it, but your constituents will understand when they lose healthcare/access.
Changes to essential health benefits requirements will hurt people in employer plans as well.
We (your constituents) are not stupid. Stop lying to us as though you believe we are.
Imagine how much better things would be if the #GOP wasn't trying to sabotage the ACA.  Imagine if you worked with Dems to strengthen ACA.
Very disappointed...please work with dems!! Tweak ACA. NO to "trump care"!!
Wow. Not one positive tweet for you in this thread. #VoteThemOut
As a Type i diabetic, you voted to keep me in fear for my health and my financial stability. The ACA has helped me. You should be ashamed.
Sen Fischer please keep in mind: over that span Republicans held congress. You share as much responsibility as the previous administration.
@SenSasse Do you even know what you voted on? Excatly? Do you even give a shit, or do you prefer to just bend over? #VoteThemOut 2018.
But the bill you voted to proceed on will make it WORSE. People will not be able to obtain coverage at ALL. Not what "we the people" want.
You are misguided! Your Nebraska constituents will remember this at the ballot box!

NEW: The so-called "skinny bill" will increase average premiums by $1,238 NEXT YEAR, based on CBO estimates.  
https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/07/25/436642/skinny-repeal-bill-raise-average-premiums-1238-increase-uninsured/ …
I will believe it's good when you Senators have to be covered by it too. Until then I will devote my time and money to make sure you're out!
What percentage did the premiums increase from 2009-2013?
By Ricketts refusing the #Medicaid expansion we're negatively impacted. Market uncertainty causes ins cos to bail.
Guess you'll find out about pissed off voters when you run for re-election. Spineless.
Kind of funny how you senators are putting out these statements to try and quell your voters' pissed-off. It's as if you know you did wrong.
You are going to sentence Americans to death when you take away their insurance! #shameful #DumpDeb
I certainly will not be voting for you in any election
#VoteThemOut 2018 @BenSasse  too
Employer-provided coverage will cost more when uninsured go back to ER for care. You'll be blamed for that! #DumpDeb
Premiums up because GOP took money promised to insurance companies to cover high risk customers. You are to blame for that! #DumpDeb
How about you work to improve the ACA? Which is what your constituents are clearly asking for.  Don't be a Debbie downer. Be a Debbie Doer!
Do all your damage now Sen cause you won't be back to kill Nebraskans again.
She has absolutely ignored everybody who called her office
I don't see how anything the Republicans have put forward thus far, provides the people with anything less expensive or more comprehensive.
You have no idea what you voted for. You're putting party above country and ignoring the people you serve. You'll never NEVER get my vote
Shorter Deb Fischer: I voted to proceed with a bill but I have no clue what is in it. I am putting thousands of #Nebraska people at risk.
@SenatorFincher You must provide leadership to secure healthcare that people can afford. I'm afraid you will be asked to do away with it.
As a Nebraskan (district 2), feel free to ask our opinion from time to time. Maybe give us some insight and facts before voting on things
Is this a damage control statement?  Literally the 1st time you have said anything about NE healthcare...2018 is coming fast
You just sold your constituents and my patients out. Don't put this spin on it. U put party first. Shame on you.
Then fix the current law senator
Make sure to keep your promise of continuing coverage for individuals with preexisting conditions and no lifetime limits.
Perhaps you could actually talk to Nebraskans or listen when we call.....you would be singing a different tune.
"The status quo is simply unacceptable... because then I don't get that sweet Koch Bros kickback." You're a ghoul, Deb. Go steal some land.
The fact that McConnell immediately issued 1st amend items after vote proves no intention of working w/dems.
If it is so bad, then improve it. The senate is doing nothing.
Your vote will send countless souls to the underworld.  For this I must surely owe you.  30 of my best pieces of silver are yours.
Well said, Deb! #RepealObamacare
Commendations Senator Fischer...  May the health care situation shift for Nebraskans and all Americans.  God bless!
Good luck justifying how you sold out the weak and poor when you're up for reelection babe.
Oh now we hear your thoughts
If that's what you believe, Senator, then you need to start working with the Democrats. So far you only rubberstamp Trump's wishes.
Don't forget to wipe the boot polish from your tongue Senator.
When/where will you hold August town halls as previously promised? None of this wealthy LIBA/donors and friends only crap.
Hahaha!! She won't.
The fact that you're willing to end ACA and kick millions off insurance is a sign this is revenge. Admit you have no idea what you're doing.
You disgust me!!! It's only to get rid of something Obama created. #trumpcare will be way worse!!!
This needs to be bipartisan and about good coverage for all Americans, not tax breaks for the wealthy.
Shame
what about all those ppl who will lose healthcare & possibly their lives w/out Medicaid? Or those of us who fall in between?
Working with your colleagues on a behind closed doors negotiations with only one party? #Disgraceful
& U just ripped the carpet out from under many of your constituents' trembling toes, Mrs. Fischer. U R culpable in all resulting deaths. 
How the F would you know. You NEVER hold town halls to discuss. You're a puppet!
I hope you are not looking to just provide a Tax break to the wealthy
Gutless. I've called and called to discuss this issue with no callback. You deny us dialogue, you vote, and THEN you issue a statement.
How many calls from constituents did you receive asking for you to vote no? Seriously, I think we Nebraskans deserve to know that.
Hear! Hear!
You  are  a  liar do you want to choose the people who die? Or should we just send you obits after it happens?
Work with your Democratic colleagues to tweak & enhance #Obamacare . Why didn't you release this preceding the vote. #coward
Save it. You don't give a crap about health care or process.
That failure is 100% yours, & your GOP colleague's. You PROVED you aren't capable of doing the job you're getting paid for.
In the States that accepted Medicaid expansion and did not have GOP sabotage it, the rates have been quite stable.
We've done a lot better in WA than most states because the DEMS got on board the #ACA & worked FOR US. Imagine if every state had done that?
@oz62 @SenatorFischer I keep saying this expand Medicaid taking those out of marketplace allowing healthcare rates to come 
You disappoint me! Fix O'care, don't leave thousands of Nebraskans uninsured and vulnerable.
1) Be a professional; call it the ACA. 2) It is corporate greed and lax regulation that caused the price increases.
1) I work with the homeless, people with mental illness &addictions. If anything remotely close to what's been proposed by the GOP passes...
2)...people like my clients will die. That's not fearmongering, that is fact. When that starts to happen, I hope you can live with yourself.
Without affordable health the rich can pay my hospital stay the next time I go .
Very brave vote. 2018 #Guilty50
Lordy, I hope you call the new bill "trumpcare " you won't be able to escape the connection. You own this traitor.
As far as Im concerned, we can call this DebCare. She's doing it without any input from Nebraskans, afterall.
She's had plenty of input, she's just ignored us all
and the output goes through her ass!
Most people I know are significantly better informed about this important issue than you and you vote with eyes closed
Please work across aisle to improve the ACA. #Nebraskans deserve better than current GOP bill & more transparent process w/ open hearings.
Please work on health care at all
Sen Rubio poisoned CoOpportunity by defunding. Unicameral refused to expand Medicare, prices went up slower than before. YOU own next bill.
Unacceptable. A vote to repeal Obamacare is a vote for Trumpcare. Millions will die.
Uninsured in Nebraska dropped 26.4%, & increase in premiums attributed to GOP. Here is the data from your state:

https://doi.nebraska.gov/sites/doi.nebraska.gov/files/doc/acaImpactStudy.pdf …
At least now we can expect "bipartisan" discussion?
no we can't Deb Fisher is willing to sell out the sick, the weak, the children and the elderly so she & Kock bros. can get big tax break.
Really just a show vote that does not #RepealACA.  Only a true vote to #RepealACA matters.
Wow you guys are simple not very bright...if it works in the rest of the developed world it can work for us. SINGLE PAYER!
Agreed my wife goes back to Peru where she is from for healthcare! Way cheaper for the same thing!!!
ACA works well in blue states. The GOP refused to make it work in red states. This is about tax cuts for Kochs, period
Do you even know what's in it ?
Terrible vote. Don't even know what the bill is. This is not how good law gets written
I hope you hold out for a plan that will actually get people coverage. Changing healthcare for the worse is not an improvement.
"Changing healthcare for the worse is not an improvement." I hope she ponders this sage advice.
Not optimistic. None of the plans I've seen so far can be seen as improvements to health care. More tax policy.
Yeah that is pretty clearly evidenced by the fact that they are using reconciliation as opposed to actually legislating something.
I pray you listened to Senator John McCain's great speech and work with all sides of this important issue and anything else that comes up.
Great use of a vote, stripping healthcare from millions! #healthcare #HealthcareBill #HealthCareVote #Trumpcare #deathcare #BCRA #BCRAP
You're disgusting. GOP in power and you still have no plan beyond repeal.
Thank you Senator!
GOP SABOTAGE has become very apparent.
