Please vote NO on Devos.  She is not an advocate of quality public education for all children.
please vote no on Betsy DeVos.
please vote NO on DeVos
.@SenatorFischer you heard and didn't listen. Not surprised, but still disappointed.
why do you want to hear from people when you don't listen? Disappointing. #noDevos
heard you are voting yes on DeVos. You haven't listened to the people. It will be remembered on Election Day.
Please vote NO on DeVos
Please please vote no on DeVos. Our public schools are essential, and she's not qualified.
Vote NO to Devos.
please please please vote no on Betsy DeVos!  For the sake of our children, especially those with disabilities, vote NO!!!
Please vote NO on Devos. Her lack of experience is alarming. Thank you for seeking input from your constituents. #nebedchat
We need new ideas that inspire. Please vote YES to confirm Devos
I'm in favor of shaking things up; I just want the shaker to have some background as an educator. NO to Devos.
We've been speaking out.  Are you and @SenSasse listening?  #RepresentNebraska
Zip is 68510. Please vote NO on DeVos. Good public schools are a MUST in our state.
Vote no on DeVos!
You do NOT want to hear from all Nebraskans.  If you did, you would be voting NO on Devos.
"I want to hear from all Nebraskans. So I can ignore them and vote along party lines anyway."
Please say no to Betsy DeVos.
You're not listening Sen! Represent us, your constituents who have OVERWHELMINGLY asked that you vote NO to DeVos.
PLEASE vote NO on DeVos! She is not the best choice for our children or our schools!
please vote no to Betsy DeVos! Thank you.
Cardboard box does not equal mansion. Google search does not equal law degree. Devos does not equal educational leader.
No experience does not = new ideas...please vote NO on Betsy DeVos
Very disappointed in your commitment to Devos. How many Nebraskans does it take for you to listen?
MA ballot question 62-38 against removing cap on charters, 95% of all cities & towns against, 100% of cities! Vote no DeVos.
@NavKaz Please, if we don't protect education, we have no shot of surviving this mess as a world power.  #patriotism
we're talking about our children's future
Kudos for having multiple ways to get in touch with constituents. Many are ducking and dodging us. Please vote no on Devos.
NO on DEVOS. NO on Sessions. NO to Bannon on the NSC! Do what is right for the children and your state not your party!
Plz oppose DeVos! U raised children @ rural NE so know impact of public scls far&wide. Ppl across country count on yr vote.
please vote NO on DeVos. Our children deserve better!
please vote no!
I just posted on your FB page as well, along with at least 728 others pleading with you to vote NO to DeVos. We need your NO
This could be the NO vote that makes us either embrace you or walk away from you. YES, it is that important to us!
NO to DeVos. We will not forget this vote, this is our children's education we are fighting for,YOU are supposed to help us
We are reaching out to you, I have looked at all the tweets and that is only twitter. Listen to the people you represent,
Vote NO to Devos.
Please do not vote for DeVos. She is inexperienced. We need someone with a teaching background or degree in Education.
I am not from Nebraska, but I teach in public schools in Oregon and ask that you please vote no on Betsy DeVos!
please vote NO for DeVos!!!
For public schools, for Special Ed, for our kids, please vote NO on DeVos
pls pls pls listen to educators, your constituents and her own answers and vote NO for Devos
please vote NO on Betsy DeVos.
as the father of a student with special needs, I urge you to vote no for Betsy DeVos. All of our children deserve a chance!
It is too late to call tonight so I will tweet you a message to keep Nebraska schools healthy by not endorsing Ms. DeVos.
Many #Nebraska educators are reaching out to you. Please hear our voices.
.@SenatorFischer You MUST oppose #DeVos. Mothers and Americans demand it. We can find someone better. Kids before party. 
Please vote NO for DeVos. She has no experience with our public school system. Think of our children. Love America
Vote no for Devos.  Do what you know is right.
as someone who got to the Ivy League through public education in NE (at a title 1!) please vote no on devos!!!
vote no. She's less qualified than the president.
thanks for listening. Please protect your mother's legacy-& all the hard work of Neb. public teachers-by voting NO on DeVos
Your vote will make the difference for millions of children and their families. Save our schools. Vote no on DeVos.
I strongly stand in opposition to Betsy DeVos' nomination. Nebraska schools are strong. Do not divide us.
Please let Nebraska's voice help do what's best for education! VOTE NO on Betsy DeVos. Thank you.
Please fight Sessions' nomination and speak up against Bannon in the NSC. That will perpetuate fake news.
please oppose DeVos. We have a fabulous education system in Nebraska. We are proud of it. Please do NOT approve DeVos!
DeVos is not qualified! Our students deserve top notch #PUBLICeducation. DeVos is a threat to an educated future!
Nebraska has a proven success record in public education. Do not mess with success! Vote NO on Devos!
please vote no
vote no to unqualified Betsy DeVos. #nelovespublicschools #DeVosvote #Unqualified

Please vote NO for DeVos. Support our public schools.
I am a Nebraska educator vote No DeVos. She is not good for education and she will not help Nebraska schools.
Support public education! Vote #NoDeVos
Please vote NO on DeVos. Stand up for Nebraska schools and for the children who benefit from the IDEA. They deserve better.
Just did! My 1st time contacting my senator. But that's how strongly I feel you need to vote No on #BetsyDeVos
phone busy. Vote NO on DeVos. Grew up in Omaha, daughter of spec ed teacher. DeVos is bad for NE and USA.
Please vote YES on @BetsyDeVos! Nebraska's students need opportunities that children across the country already have.
"opportunities" will only be for the select few.  DeVos does not know her school law,IDEA, SPED
No on DeVos, No on Sessions. I am a constituent and the country deserves better than both.
Please put Nebraska Public Schools above politics.  NO DeVos
Like many others, I've sent messages various ways. Please vote NO on DeVoss. ALL students and their teachers deserve better.
I left you a voicemail stating a vote for DeVos is an insult to every Educator in the State of Nebraska. We will remember.
I heard you're 50/50 on DeVos? Please consider: She has NO experience with public ed. or college fed. aid. Not qualified
please listen to us and vote NO ON DEVOS

Vote NO on DeVos! Support Nebraska education!
Vote NO on DeVos! Support Nebraska education!
#VoteNoDevos #VoteNoSessions I have called emailed and tweeted, from Fremont.
oppose DeVos, stand up for Nebraska public education.
I sent you one, Deb, with my contact information if you'd like to respond. Blessings to you.
Stand up for what is right.  Oppose Sessions and DeVos!  Also, Bannon should not be participating in the NSC.
Vote no on DeVos. Listen to teachers.
Why don't I see or hear you blasting Trump for his UNCONSTITUTIONAL BAN ON PEOPLE OF THE MUSLIM FAITH?????? SHAME! SHAME!
don't let Trump and Bannon lead the Republican Party. The silent majority is waking up. You have mid-terms soon.
Vote no on Sessions. Vote no on Devos.
I called as well. Bannon has NO place in the NSC. Senators need to push for removal.
stand up to Trump- oppose Sessions and fight for All Nebraskan's especially those who are most in need.
I'll reach you hear. Don't support national right to work legislation. It will be killer for railroaders like me.
no refugee ban.
constituent from Bennington. Pruitt, Sessions, DeVos all need to be opposed.
stand up to Trump
vote no on DeVos
vote no on Jeff Session
I left a voicemail, but I'll say it here, too: Oppose Sessions and his confirmation. I'm a constituent in Lincoln, NE.
It took almost a month to hear back from you using your website and that was before this madness. Please do what's right.
Thank you!
