thank you for taking this seriously. DeVos is a terrible choice for Sec of Ed. #noDevos Please vote no. NE kids depend on it
She's not taking it seriously; look at the pleas on Twitter & FB alone & she's still going to vote yea on DeVos.
what do you think? Is she gonna vote NO to #dumpdevos, #nopruitt #nosessions ?
She announced today that she was going to vote yes. I hope she changes her mind. #DumpDevos
Very disappointing. How many in NE have called to ask to vote yes? Zero? How many beg for NO vote?
a group of constituents are headed over to her office today to ask her just that.
awesome please keep us posted
@IndivisibleOMA 

11819 Miracle Hills Dr
2/3 4:30 PM TODAY!

Group going to talk to @SenatorFischer about #noDevos
DO NOT VIT FOR BETSY DEVOS!!!
do not vote for Betsy DeVos!!!!!
Why call u if ur going to ignore us?
listen to your people!  NO on DeVos. Stand up to bad policy for our kids!  Be courageous!
please vote no on DeVos. If not for the obvious reason of her not being qualified but to represent your constituents
thank you for realizing this is so serious. Please vote no for #BetsyDeVos @IndivisibleTac
why? So you'll continue to be deaf to our requests??
DeVos-the one he got wrong. Unqualified. Not in line with campagain promises to end Common Core and decrease FedEd -VOTE NO!
true story
@1011_News @NBCNebraska why are you not reporting on the public outcry on @SenatorFischer and the DeVos vote? #DoYourJob
please vote #NoonDeVos -- the quality of our children's education lies in your hands #SupportPublicSchools #DoTheRightThing
Those phones are swamped...and you STILL support #DeVos?
Don't tell me you support the #MuslimBan, too?

#ShameOnYou
mailbox full /lines busy. who elected you? Are you puppet of Trump cabal ?Thought you had principles. DeVos incompetent.
Stand with your sisters Lisa and Susan. Be a profile in courage!  A woman can change her mind!
vote no. Unqualified and will hurt Nebraska. Force them to choose someone who has qualifications and experience.
and then ignored.
It's all hands on deck because everyone is praying you vote no on #DeVos.
Please vote NO on DeVos
please vote #noOnDeVos! Listen to Nebraska voters. This isn't about party loyalty it's about loyalty to our children.
please stand for our children and public education a lynchpin of our democracy
w/your background in education you know what schools are dealing with & impact of SoE Stand Up for ALL kids #VoteNoDevos
Are you starting to understand the damage Trump is causing to our nation?  Expect to hear a LOT more from your constituents.
no she's not taking it seriously she's going to vote for her. I hope she realizes her Senate career now will be over
please be a patriot! Please Vote NO on Devos.
Thats funny all of you senators have taken your phone off the hook since Trump
Education is not partisan-do the right thing! Vote No on DeVos!
why does it matter if we get through or not, you are not representing the people of Nebraska.
Girl. History will remember you kindly for your courageous its vote. Reconsider!
I called and got through to a staffer but I wonder if you even get our messages or do we just get put on an email list?

Senator listen to the majority of the people and vote No on DeVos.  Listen to your people and the country Vote No
why would you thank people for calling in when you clearly didn't listen to any of it!? #noDevos
way to "bring common sense" to Washington. You didn't do that and you didn't listen to your constituents. We won't forget!
please vote no on Devos. As a mom to a special needs child wholly reliant on pub education I implore you to change your mind
what's all the calling about? #DumpDevos
you cannot support DeVos. Please do not think like a Republican on this. Be a Nebraskan, a mother, and a human. #NoOnDeVos
@by_rabbits please please! Say no to Devos for Secretary of Education!
lots of calls and tweets...but are you listening? Remember you work for the people of Nebraska!
seems like she knows exactly where she stands, but doesn't really want to admit it. #dumpdevos  #dumppruitt #nosessions.
why bother if all you're going to do is ignore the constituents who put you where you are?
@contenteddriver Plz read this, our students deserve better. Vote no on DeVos. thank U
hey, everyone calling to tell me to vote 'No' on DeVos, try my website! (But I'm gunna vote yea regardless) 
that should tell you you need to listen. Can't believe you think she is qualified b/c she wrote you a letter. #DumpDevos
history has its eyes on you. Do the right thing - vote no on DeVos #unqualified
why did we bother when you aren't listening.   How can you vote for this woman.  I am scared for our children. Disappointed!
I remember you saying my constituents overwhelmingly for (insert Republican issue) I must support it! But I not this time.
why call when you won't listen
Please vote NO on DeVos. She's inexperienced and bad for public schools.
vote no on DeVos.  Nebraska First!
So disappointed!
And I would like to know how many of those calls asked you to vote no on Betsy DeVos.
Please vote no on DeVos! We teachers who work with children every day are in genuine fear for their future!
my anxiety ridden, special needs son is on an IEP as a result of IDEA.  He's talking college due to the support.  Vote no!
Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos. Our kids deserve a secretary of education who has experience in public education #DumpDeVos
vote NO for DeVos! Nebraska children need to know you care about their education.
You are a voice for Nebraskans, they are saying NO to DeVos, do you hear them? I'm a reg. Repub. Don't vote party lines
Please vote NO on DeVos. There are at least 20 other real educators that would run circles around this unqualified nominee
ya all hands on deck but u didn't listen
all hands on deck? What a joke.
funny all these people telling you NO!  And yet you put out a statement of support.
they are calling to tell you NO on Devos- just like I have every day. I guess that does not matter to you.
does little good when you just send a form answer back.
As a Missourian who knows Nebraskans who've needed extra attention in NE public schools. Please consider all in decisions.
then listen to your constituents who are telling you to vote #noDevos
So, you just decided to ignore everyone that reached out to you then? #VoteNoDeVos #TossDeVos
I messaged you on your website. Will you release numbers of people who asked you to vote no? You're a disappointment.
Are you listening? Vote NO for Betsy Devos. She is not a vote for students.  Your constituents will remember this vote!
yes. Very disappointed I gave you my vote. Regret it even.
Why, it doesn't seem that you listen to your constituents that way, either.
Apparently you believe in the philosophy of "No means "yes".   Release the # calls you've gotten, how many for and against?
Why? Obviously you're not listening to your constituents. #PartisanPolitics
NOOOO ON DEVOS
all hands on deck because people are trying to get you to LISTEN to them about Betsy DeVos!!! Pay Attention! #VoteNoDevos
why do you even bother having your staff answer the phone if you aren't going to listen to what we have to say?
Please listen to your constituents!!! Vote NO on Betsy DeVos!
that is all the concerned parents and educators who do not want DeVos!  Listen to our concerns don't just vote your party
Urge your colleagues to #impeachtrump and save our republic
Why bother when u vote 4someone so unqualified 2lead our children. I'd like to know how many calls u got for vs against her
please vote to confirm. The current approach has been a disaster for kids for a generation. Dump the NEA.
Phones are jammed with constituents telling you to vote no and you will vote yes anyway. You work for ppl of NE, not GOP!
NO on DeVos!  She's unqualified and WANTS guns in schools!

why bother, when you don't represent your own people. Overwhelming response to voting no on DeVos!
Vote NO on DeVos!
Please vote No on Betsy DeVos' confirmation. As senator from a rural area you owe it to your constituents to protect them.
.@SenatorFischer even if DeVos agrees with local decisions, what about the mm's of students in states that go for vouchers? Speak for them.
.@SenatorFischer Please do not vote for DeVos. This goes deeper than her beliefs of public schools, it's about lack of aligned experience.
vote #NoOnDeVos please!
when will you learn? This regime has already showed that integrity doesn't matter. Shame on u. Enjoy it now. No 2018 for you
I am from Michigan. If you care about public education, trust me you do not want to vote for Betsy DeVos
it seems as though the feedback from Nebraska's about your recent vote came down on your deff ears. Most wanted a No vote!
I sent a message through the site but I really want to know if that counts as much as a phone call. I'll keep trying.
please listen to your constituents and vote no on DeVos.  She is an absolute nightmare and you'd be a hero.
ARE YOU LISTENING??? NO DEVOS!!!
You sold out your constituents.  That's sad.
Too bad you didn't listen to any of those callers' messages. $$$ over education. Disappointing. Voters will remember this.
What's the point when you don't listen to what we have to say anyway?! Be a leader and not a follower!
please vote NO on DeVos. Our kids deserve so much more. Find a qualified candidate!
You are obviously not listening to your constituents pleading with you to vote "no" on DeVos, so why bother providing this?
68347 constituent. Please vote no on DeVos. We can do better for our kids & grandkids. Please.
#NODEVOS for the love of education, no DeVos
thanks a lot you literal welfare queen.
please vote no
as an elementary teacher in Nebraska, I beg of you to vote no on Devoss. She is not qualified.
Nebraskans who love public schools vote #DumpDevos!!
My grade school friend is a parent and a paraprofessional in Lincoln. She might be too busy to write. Please vote #NoToDeVos
And yet you're not listening to your constituents.
Just Watch hearing. Everyone can tell she is UNQUALIFIED http://c-span.org/video/?c465424 
I'm a Nebraska voter. Please vote no on Betsy DeVos for Secretary of Education. Support our public schools and our teachers.
Thanks for voting party every time instead of what the people want. A disaster for our schools and children's future.
Deeply saddened by your decision. This will not be forgotten by your constituents.
I have emailed & left vm. The phones are so busy because the people are desperate & begging you to vote no on DeVos. Please
DO NOT APPROVE BETSY DEVOS!!!!!!!
are you hearing your constituents? They are asking you to not vote for her! You have the power to make a difference!
If you affirm DeVos against the wishes of Nebraskans, you wil pay the price.Truly shameful.
NO on DeVos!! Use some common sense, I beg you! Put our children before your party...
just come out against De Vos' nomination and we'll stop calling, until then...ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring 
Nowhere, as far as I've seen, has anyone urged you to support #betsydevos, how can you claim to represent us?
please vote No to Devos.
please vote no on Devon
I am BEGGING you not to vote for DeVos. Politics aside, she's simply not competent to do the job. We can do better.
Guess the phone calls, tweets and emails didn't have an impact. Thank goodness we still have the voting booth.
I hope you realize why! Oppose Devos. She is not qualified!
I get the feeling you aren't listening to your people. #VoteNoDevos what an unfortunate mistake you have made at our expense
Vote NO. She is not qualified to be sec of ed. Anyone who doesn't know IDEA should not lead our nation's schools.
Vote no on Bestsy Devos or I will donate $$$$ to your primary and Democratic opponents next year.
Vote NO for Betsy DeVos, REPRESENT your unheard consituents and gain our support!
I'm not a Nebraskan; so I won't give my opinion; but I would like to thank you for doing your best to listen to ur voters.
I attended public schools in Lincoln Ne!! Got a good education! Don't mess it up
You must not have listened to all those phone calls against DeVos. You will lose your job in the next election.
I too would echo please vote no on Devos
probably calling about DeVos- will you listen to your constituents??
was it fun pretending to listen to people?
please Senator vote #noDevos.  Please stand for our children and not the party.
Please vote no for Betsy DeVos, we need to protect our public schools more than ever.
vote not on Devos!!
I stand with fellow Nebraskans who urge you to vote #NOonDeVos, for children in Nebraska and across the nation.
Got thru in Lincoln earlier this week. Staffer was so kind. Thank you for listening. Pls take action. #VoteNoDevos
Please vote no on the DeVoss nomination. She will destroy public education.
no to DeVos. Please. She's woefully unqualified.
Betsy DeVos has no experience in public education at any level, not as a teacher, administrator, student or parent. #NoDevos
I respectfully request that you do not support Betsy DeVos. You know the reasons.
Please vote for the children and AGAINST BETSY DEVOS - you know what is right in your heart
please vote no to Betsy Devos..
Please stand up for our education system. #VoteNoDeVos
please vote NO for Betsy Devos. Nebraskans value public education. She does not.
thank you for taking this seriously. DeVos is a terrible choice for Sec of Ed. #noDevos Please vote no. NE kids depend on it
public schools are at the heart of our rural Nebraska communities. No to DeVos, please.
rural Nebraska depends on well funded,robust public education. Vote NO to Betsy DeVos.
Please listen to My state Michigan! Critical Thinking Wins! #StopDeVos
Our children are the future and should come before profit. We need an educated populace. Please #NoonDeVos
Senator, bring your common sense to these people and Vote No on Devos
Betsy DeVos is unqualified and dangerous. Please put #CountryOverParty and vote No.
This Nebraska voter is requesting you vote no on the unqualified DeVos. Take a stand against this lunacy!
vote for the American people and their children, vote #NoDeVos!!!
I pray for those that don't have a choice of parents, place, or public edu. Please vote NO to DeVos and protect OUR kids!
Please vote NO on DeVos.  Thank you.
@RavMABAY oppose devos. Thanks!
please vote no on DeVos. She really is quite unqualified.
#NoonDeVos stand up for education! Stand up for our educators!
DeVos' Michigan schools experiment gets poor grades http://politi.co/2hlv5zl 
Please vote NO on DeVos.
please vote no and support the children of the United States. You will feel proud forever.
on behalf of the majority of Americans who depend on public education, please vote NO on Betsy Devos. Thank you.
I got through and asked that you vote no on DeVos. And I think your call volume will go down when you commit to voting no!
Vote NO for DeVos! We are all watching. Do what's right for our children.
NO to DeVos!
Please, please, please vote NO for Betsy DeVos!
thank you! I used to live in Lincoln, worked at Nebraska Legislature! Please vote #nodevos , she is unqualified. big money!
Please say no to DeVos. Nebraska should stand for strong public education.
Please vote NO for Betsy Devos! Do it for Nebraska's children and everyone's children!
pls vot NO on Mrs. DeVos for Sec of Education. She is not qualified to hold that position. Thank u
do NOT vote for #BetsyDeVos - for our #children
