.@SenatorFischer So what you're saying is that allllllllllll of the people who've been calling, tweeting and emailing at you don't matter?
no what she is saying is school choice is more important than the union strangle hold on public education
then they should have picked a *qualified* advocate for choice.
its government- that's why we shouldn't put our kids future in the hands of beutacrats
"no bureaucrats" isn't given as an option.
could be if we all got on same page and demanded local control were the educators know kids best
DeVos isn't just anti-union, she's anti-teacher
This is a huge mistake. She is utterly unqualified and demonstrated that at her hearing. Be a profile in courage. Vote no.
Ha! This is rich coming from you, Duncan. Your ed policies are only marginally better than those of DeVos.
we are @arneduncan supporters for sure. He was Chicago Supe for 7 yrs & increased pub. $$ for cradle to career ed while @usedgov
the Recovery Act alone saved ~300k teacher jobs. Let's watch and see what Devos does
Oh, it will be worse, but Duncan did serious damage to public schools. He was a very poor ed secretary.
By what metric? HS grad rates are the highest ever. Drop out factories at historic low. More students of color entering college
It's insulting that you think support for racially biased standardized tests support students of color.
I get that u don't like Arne. But I gave you metrics about how education has improved & u r saying u don't like certain policies
so extremely disappointed. Towing party lines vs. your conscience. You've lost the future of public schools and my vote.
I challenge you to release your tally of constituent calls for & against DeVos. Let’s see how well you listen to Nebraskans.
Upworthy should check it out too. Is it FOIA-able?
That’s not our wheelhouse, but it might be FOIA-able. Many of them use software to track constituent contacts.
Haha awww was hoping for a rogue Upworthy mission. ;)
not specific info on what was said/written... :/ /e
Congress isn’t subject to FOIA. :/ http://nsarchive.gwu.edu/nsa/foia/guide.html …
Ah, damn, I guess agencies would fall under the executive. I stand corrected - thank you. Well boo then! Lol
SHAME on you! You have betrayed America's future. You chose party over our children and we won't forget that! #LostMyVote
you are a complete sell out and an embarrassment
You are not listening to your constituents. You are choosing party over our children's future. You should be ashamed.
.@SenatorFischer mmm but did you get my voicemail I left you an hour ago? I understand if you got this out before and wanna change.
embarrassing for everyone involved. Hopefully all who vote yes for her will feel it in their reelection 
- This is extremely disappointing to hear.
Please listen to the voices of your constituents and vote NO on #Devos.
This is disappointing and spineless. Rest assured, it won't be forgotten by the time you're campaigning to keep your seat.
no one with children will get your vote! I am so mad that you could not vote for what is right!You did not listen to us!!
please divulge how many Nebraska constituents called/sent messages supporting vs opposing DeVos
the people will remember this, good luck next time you run for election!
Say goodbye to your 2018 midterms. The people of Nebraska feel strongly about this. Not even a partisan issue to many of us.
Shame on you.  Shame on you.  Putting party over your people.  Shame, shame, shame.
Please reconsider your decision.Devos has history of promoting failing charter schools that rob funds for public ed.NO Devos
Show us the public school teachers you're representing who support this vote. We'll wait. #NotoDeVos #shame #PublicSchools
sad!
how incredibly sad! PUBLIC SCHOOL TEACHERS WILL REMEMBER THIS!!
vote NO to DeVos!!!
What part of her advocacy & Senate testimony made her qualified?  Sec DeVos undermines public schools.  #LostMyVote #Resist
Sad that DeVos vision is so different from what NE needs. Disappointed I was unable to get in touch as a constituent.
EXTREMELY disappointed in your vote of confidence in a woman with NO public education experience
Apparently you, along with Trump, want to see the federal Dept of Ed eliminated...that's the only rationale
@MichaelPetrilli Very disappointing, Senator. Her promises don't preclude her vast lack of knowledge/experience #unqualified
Shameful!  Politics above common sense and decency! Children's futures are at stake! #DeVos #womensmarch #draintheswamp #wtf
I'm extremely disappointed in this decision. Nebraskans were counting on you to get this right 
kids are cuter than puppies.  Your new puppy is already more trained than DeVos.  Nice slap in face to kids tho!
What has given her either the ability or commitment to lead ED? Can you share your rationale for making this decision?
party over country.
please, we can do better.  Our children deserve better.  Please vote NO on DeVos.
I'm glad scammers like you @GillianBrashear are getting penalized
How many letters & phone calls from Nebraska have you received asking you to #VoteNoDevos? Seriously, I really want to know.
Her voice mail is full and messages can't be recorded.  My voice isn't being heard.  DeVos is not qualified.
she's made up her mind. Unless you have a lot of $ to send her. she's not worried about us constituents.
you were saying...?
terrible decision. this lady is not fit to be a teacher let alone the secretary of education.
plus she bought her way into her spot. Can't have her funding your opposition next time. You've turned your back on Nebraska
nice of you to pretend to be interested in what Nebraska voters think to completely ignore them.
Coward. Enjoy all this before your time is up in office.

Such a huge disappointment. She has NO EXPERIENCE in education. This is a disgraceful message to teachers & children. Awful
Once again you put $ before hardworking Nebraskans. Big business always wins with you. #2018
"I know she said all these other things on record, but she told me the exact opposite." #shame
DeVos lied to the Senate Committee about cyber charters. She demonstrated ignorance of IDEA. She wants guns in schools.
. @SenatorFischer #DumpDeb How dare you not represent your constituents. Some "supporter of public education" you are.
this is very disappointing. She is not qualified, and you have failed Nebraska.
You cannot be serious. @southeastwoods
My values and morals cannot comprehend this. The base spoke. She didn't listen. She has to go.
Time to primary her! @SenatorFischer
Yes. Other democrats as well if they legitimize the thing living in The People's House.
Absolutely. This is no time to break ranks or play nice with Republicans.
you fail. Terrible decision
I was really hoping you'd be able to put the VOICE OF THE PEOPLE above your party. Incredibly shameful decision
I am sorry to hear this; DeVos is supremely unqualified for the position & I’d hoped you held our children in higher regard.
DeVos's record speaks for itself. She will destroy public education and you are complicit. Shame on you. #shame
No one can, in good conscience, vote for that woman. You are a disappointment to our state. #shame
This is noted for when you are up for re-election. We will do everything in our power to make sure you are not re-elected.
You had the chance to do the right thing and you chose not to. Hope your political gains sooth your conscience.
This is my commitment, in writing, that I'll work very hard to see that you're not elected to represent Nebraska ever again.
I am right there with you. Anyone that will put her party above children does not represent us
consider the ramifications of this decision on NE students, educators, and schools, not to mention your career #OpposeDeVos
how many assurances did u get? 1,000? 100,000? How much did you sell our children's education for? Did you just get the dog?
deeply disappointed andbmy vote will reflect that disappointment in 2018.
Very, very disappointing. We'll remember this next time you are up for election.
You, like many politicians, have forgotten you are to represent the people who voted for you. You will not be re-elected.
traitor
was this letter you received filled with money??? You should be ashamed of your self!! The people did not want her!!!
Thanks for destroying our country's school system further.
More like she paid you. You don't believe she really will protect students with disabilities, do you?
You just confirmed that you will not be re-elected. We will make it our personal goal to ensure that you stay out of office.
I've met DeVos. Google "Kalamazoo Promise" MI Scholarship set up to keep DeVos from destroying KPS
In 1998, DeVos tried to convince MI to funnel tax $ to private schools...and KZoo sent her packing
Rural NE doesn't have the money to fight greedy politicians. ...but we do have the votes.
she doesn't beleieve it.  That's bs for I'm a spineless republican and I voting with my party, so fuck kids
I HOPE PEOPLE WILL HOLD HER ACCOUNTABLE FOR EVERYTHING SHE DOES. I'M GLAD I DON'T HAVE KIDS IN SCHOOL.
I'm sorry to hear this. Betsy DeVos is no friend to diversity or equal opportunity in education.
You are a disappointment to educators everywhere. You have lost my vote.
why don't you expose yourself to a brain and a conscience. Lady, how do you sleep at night?
This will end badly for our children and your name will be included in the swamp.Horrible decision.
Very disappointing that @SenatorFischer  of Nebraska will support DeVos. It's obvious that DeVos is unqualified & will damage public schools
@LibbyBlog @SenatorFischer where are your facts?
DeVos has spent yrs & millions of dollars to weaken public schools.
nice suit. Yes quality education is a keystone to further building
how many residents, will be harmed by DeVos' beliefs on public education? Represent them, not your party!
This is not the Nebraska common sense I know. Please think again.
Ed Sec can't tell proficiency from progress = a mechanic can't tell standard from automatic. But $200m in GOP donations...
Beyond disappointed that you feel someone who has no regard/respect for Public Schools should be SoE.  #ILovePublicSchools
Absolutely heartbreaking! How many calls of support for DeVos did you get compared to NO vote requests? I weep for our kids!
So disappointed in your decision.  You clearly aren't listening to your constituents.
Vote NO on DeVos! A vote for her is not worth whatever you traded for it, a Yes on your infrastructure bill, maybe?
Why are you ignoring your constituents? The people have spoken--NO to DeVos.
Betsy DeVos will absolutely NOT protect children w disabilities. You've just sealed their fate. They'll have nowhere to go.
WHY BELIEVE HER?? Good grief, please reconsider!! 100m's in donations and a mercenary family on a "Holy Crusade" ...
You could have made history.
instead she'll be it! #dumpdeb
amen to that!
#DeVos is grossly underqualified and to support her is to fail public schools and the future of American children everywhere
absolutely disgusting. Way to choose your party over what's good for our kids and teachers. #BetsyDeVos #PartyOverAll
Shame on you! Party over people! We will remember this come election time.
Please no. This is a mistake.  By voting no to her, you can be a hero!  Please protect our children!  Have a !
the state does NOT agree. You are OUR representatives. Release the tally of your constituents. We know it is a resounding NO
If you truly wanted to "fight for quality education" you would not support DeVos. Her lack of knowledge is astounding.
How much money for your vote? #NOtoDevos We can do better for our kids with a QUALIFIED person for ED.
I too grew up on Cherry County ranch, and want you to use your common sense to vote no on DeVos!
She lacks the "ability" to answer basic policy questions, let alone run the Dept of Ed. I hope you change your mind.
this is the wrong choice. You are not speaking for the educators in NE.
It's not too late to change your mind and have the guts to stand up for our kids. @BetsyDeVos is not qualified.  #NotoDeVos
You are not going to help Nebraska schools this way. Education in Nebraska has a long way to go
Look at her actions, please! Her for-profit charters have forced special needs student to waive their IDEA rights -SO WRONG.
No, please.  Betsy DeVos is devoid of any knowledge about education policy and practices.  Please don't do this.
Of course not.  If you could only find one for the Dept of Ed that would be great!
Nope.  I do not think you know what sexist means.  I am against ignorance.  That's Betsy DeVos middle name.
You would have a unqualified @BetsyDeVos get a introduction to public education via this position? Votes have consequences.
way to listen to your constituents after asking us what we wanted.typical politician who we will vote out next election
.@SenatorFischer did you even watch the confirmation hearing?
I'm sorry you think that Mrs. DeVos's lack of understanding & experience qualifies her for this important position.
Shameful.  Choosing party and $$$ over our children. Nebraska remember this please.
Shameful. You are on the wrong side of history, and now our kids will pay the price for your cowardice.
devos has no experience in public schools and said they were a dead end. Don't sacrifice our schools bc of politics please.
applicants came disproportionately from areas that had access to highest-performing public schools.https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/515436/ …
Way to go! At least your (R) colleagues will be happy! Doesn't matter what your voter base thinks.
This shouldn't be hard. Vote yes for people who are qualified, and no for those who aren't. Like Betsy DeVos.
please release the tally your staffers kept about this issue. Did you put party before people?
How can you call yourself a champion of public education and vote for #devos? Did you hear the letters read by @PattyMurray?
You're going to hell for this one, Deb. 90% of students in USA attend public schools and Evil DeVos won't look out for them.
shame on you daughter of a public school teacher.
@JustLetMe_teach when traditional public education fails, remember that you are to blame. DeVos is all about profits.
Please confirm @BetsyDeVos citizens need a voice and Not from the NEA. Thank you.
, if I send you written assurances that I'll vote for you in reelection, would you believe me? I don't believe her or you.
wrong answer. Thank God my son won't be in school for another 4 years.
One of the worst nominees in U.S. history, a woman who will destroy #publiceducation and you vote for her? #saturdaymorning
you are wrong. She does not support IDEA. You will be held accountable for this vote & for putting #PartyBeforeCountry
she "assured" you??? Really? This administration lies about everything!
@MikelSevere you are worthless, and will not be receiving my vote again. Grow a spine. You don't care about public schools
then I'd like to be a brain surgeon. I have no experience or had brain surgery but I've made donations so I'm qualified! NO!
thanks for helping to destroy public ed. Our children's futures are at stake, u pic party over country.
As you prefer politics over what's right,  you've lost my vote for re-election!
you represent constituents and should be voting on THEIR interests. not your own. +1000s have asked you to vote NO. listen!
You can vote her out in 2018, Nebraska. But then again, you guys will vote Republican no matter what.
not sure how level headed people could let this happen. #supportourpublicschools
May every senator insisting on supporting this unqualified candidate (& the one sitting in the Oval Office) lose their seat.
If you vote against her confirmation, you would not have to "fight" to save public education in Nebraska.  #2018
please don't! Our country needs good public education for all and she is not the right person to promote that!
we will remember this when you are up for relection. Should have listened to the Nebraskans you serve not your party. #bye
Coward.
huge mistake. Political suicide AND downright irresponsible leadership.
no, DeVos does not have the ability nor is she willing to lead the department in a manner that is best for public education
she is incompetent. Have you listened to your teachers and other constituents or just your campaign$$?
...as a constituent of yours, I am extremely disappointed! Listen to the people you represent!
please reconsider this decision.  I get your desire to trust, but I'm not confident "in writing" = Devos accountability.
is your loyalty to your constituents or the GOP? Do you believe her more than NEB educators?
this is absurd. you know very well she will damage all of our public schools.
I'll be donating to your opponents in the next election
Disappointing but not surprising.
@mswhatsit Please Vote No on Devos. This is not what our children need.
how can you ignore NE educators & students? Your statement does not match this action of supporting an unqualified person.
Enjoy losing your seat.
#disappointed #extremelydisappointed #listentoyourconstituents #sad #hurt #TurnYourBackOnEducation
the things you've received in writing-do they happen to be checks in large sums of money? Do the right thing!! #DumpDevos

What joke. How many vacuous teachers would you support for a classroom position?
Please take a cue from the other two Rep. senators and vote like I know your conscience tells you to.
This is the wrong decision. Mrs. DeVos is NOT qualified.
- how many phone calls/faxes, letters, & emails did you receive in support of DeVos, & how many against? Be accountable.
.@SenatorFischer "As the daughter of a... teacher" u know they would have flunked her. Shame on you for favoring party over principle.
Your mother was a teacher. Shame on you for supporting DeVos. This teacher knows that she will be a disaster for public ed.
, I must respectfully disagree that Betsy DeVos has either the ability or the commitment to lead the federal Department of Ed
How you could possibly vote for someone so unqualified - SHAME on YOU! Party for no matter what ehh?
You have a chance to ensure all children in the US have access to a quality education. You can choose not to support DeVos.
Shame on you Senator Fischer for confirming DeVos despite your obvious concerns. Your statement shows you don't trust her.
I AM SO ANGRY. as the mother of a special needs child YOU FAILED us on this one. we VOTE you know. YOU FAILED HER.
Did any of that money help sway your opinion?  Grow a backbone!
I am so disappointed in you. You sold out our kids #sellout you should be ashamed.
As a past educator, how could you support this nomination...Oh she made a promise...Promises have never been broken before.
Talk about a prostitute! What did Old DeVos pay you for that vote? #betsyriot wants to know!

Even worse that u are daughter of public school teacher/shld know better. Her own words about IDEA alone shld give u pause.
Please reconsider your support for DeVos. She does not have the experience or drive 2 champion needs of ALL pub sch children
, SHAME ON YOU!!
this is a poor choice I have listen to teachers and why can't we have good schools for all. So many areas have no choice
As a person who believes strongly in PUBLIC EDUCATION, there is no excuse in supporting someone so UNQUALIFIED
I'm going to work like hell to make sure you are not re-elected. This is a betrayal of low income students and college kids
Very sorry to hear this!  Our kids deserve better!
This is ridiculous! You are betraying your former profession, and your citizens. Vote no!
what happens if that commitment in writing isn't actually followed thru with? You're putting a lot of faith in it.
chose to stand cowardly behind an incompetent education pick. The swamp is alive and well!
yes local educators SHOULD be the decision makers and WE DO NOT WANT HER. We say NO to Devos. How was this not clear?
So sad
shame on you. The voters in your state better remember this so they can vote NO to you when its your turn #NoToDeVos
get out of here! Boooooooo
how can she protect students with disabilities if she doesn't even know what IDEA is?
We need someone who has been in the trenches like ur mother, not DeVos who knows nothing about education.
Serious question.  What would your mother, the PUBLIC school teacher say about your support for DeVos?
I will not forget this in 2018. Shame on you for turning your back on public ed, and on rewarding pay-for-play politics.
we are a state full of hardworking people who want what's best for our children. Saddened you don't want the same.
are you kidding me? You must vote NO to her nomination!!!!
Shameful #VoteNoDevos . Hope you enjoy your remaining time in office.
can u get her to promise no guns in schools???
Please consider the negative impact this vote will have on public education & Neb's children! Vote NO to DeVos-YES to kids!
