How about starting in the WH. How about removing the traitor? How about mentioning his name!
Just a reminder that there is an action to match these words.  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Censure_in_the_United_States …
You need to stand up against trump!  And against racism. Racism cannot not be tolerated
You mean like YOUR president thinks we should be "civil" to neo-nazis, the klan and white nationalists??
Would you go so far as to call them 'deplorable?"
Thank you for not choosing side between two violent groups (nazis and fascists) also and for not demanding that our president choose sides.
Nazi, white nationalists. Call them by name.
Deplorables.
My father flew 28 combat missions over Nazi Germany.  He and men like him knew how to stand up to Nazis.
This is not good enough!You need to condemn white supremacist or Ne doesn't need you!This is on every Republican in house&senate!Its on YOU!
If you want to SHOW us you have to DO something.  #ImpeachTrump
and still you support that Egomaniac. How does your mug in the mirror look like?
Really... NAZIS gassed and killed 6 million Jews.  KKK terrorized & lynched Americans for decades and you put out this weak Trump talking pt
If you are really that concerned than mention by name the president and condemn his remarks. The state is watching!
What is your action plan Senator?
Your statement is missing a key component which I fear you don't have the courage to say. Trumps statements must also be condemned!
Actions speak louder than words. Reinstate the voting rights act, work to reverse Trumps assault on freedom. If UR not against UR for
Empty
Unless you are tRump.
I agree. A woman was killed in Charlottesville by a neo-Nazi. @POTUS said some of them are "fine people." He is unfit to lead. #25thfor45
White. Christian. Nationalist. Terrorists. Call it what it is Deb!!
Deplorable maybe?
Remember you said: “I plan to vote for Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence on November 8,” she told local radio station KLIN. You are a true #trumplican
I refuse to show civility and respect to white supremacists and so should you!!!!
Care to comment on President Trumps wishy washy both sides or good guys comment?
The GOP's plan to use 45 as a fall guy is working. You will have clean hands and hollow tweets to show ppl. History will not be kind to you.
Empty words given your unwavering support for Trump and his policies. His base is your base.
It has no place in OUR WhiteHouse, either! It's time for you to stop supporting Trump and his alt right complicit administration!
Talk is cheap!  ACT!  Impeach Trump!
Might you call them Deplorable?
Your statement is fine.  Do you have anything to say to @realDonaldTrump?
The president that you toe the line with thinks that the nazis and KKK are "very fine people".  Why do you keep working with him?
#sayhisname
Censure Trump #censuretrump
After Trump's unhinged press conference Tuesday, you must do more than just denounce rascism.
You sound very much like Trump on this.  If the @GOP cannot take a stand against Nazi groups, then it is no longer my party.
I have no respect for Neo-Nazi hate groups who march with torches and chant Nazi slogans against racial and religious minorities
I wish you would have been more direct about Neo-Nazi hate groups.  We fought against it, now Trump is making is part of identity politics.
That's all you have to say? You are pathetic.
We will Never respect Nazi loyalists. We have fought 4 equal rights 4 all 2 long. This administration/Congress have pulled us back 2 1950.
Ahhh, I see what you are doing here. You are falling in line with trump. Refusing to name Nazis, Alt-Right, White Supremacists 

#Complicit
It's called domestic terrorism acted by white supremacists who voted for @realDonaldTrump -- who use his name to defend their actions.
CALL OUT & CONDEMN @realDonaldTrump  Words r meaningless w/o ACTION!  If u stand w/ @POTUS u stand w/ #NaziSympathizer
You need to stand up to Trump and publicly denounce his comments today.  As your constituent, I ask you to act against hate.  #impeach45
I want to see you hold @realDonaldTrump accountable for inspiring this hatred.
I will show no respect to Nazis or members of the KKK.
Why do you continue to support a president who lacks the moral & ethical wherewithal to lead this country?
We don't need a lecture or lesson in morality. We know white supremacy is bad. We need action not words. Impeachment in the only answer.
What are you going to do about it? Empty platitudes are no longer sufficient what action will you take Senator. Will you continue to enable?
Words mean nothing if there is no action. It's time to get rid of nazi-sympathizer Trump. Be on the right side of history for once. #impeach
Would you support impeaching after today's comments?
Your silence today is deafening.
Your lack of action shows how much character you lack.
Says the person who voted to repeal healthcare...
What a safe and weak response. Come on Deb, these folks are terrorists who were enabled by Trump.
If you don't publicly call for the removal of Steven Bannon and others like him in the West Wing, your words ring hollow.
When these people are not American citizens most of them haven't been here all of their lives why would they respect any of us that have
I am interested in what you intend to do about this. Sure you realize similar thoughts and behavior is rife in the White House.
Leave the civil war statues alone. There were heros and great gentlemen on both sides. It was over states rights. Apply same to sanc cities
Sanctuary cities are doing same thing the confederacy did. The are defying the authority of the Federal government. Send troops in to fix?
It would be great if those against the President abided by those guidelines. Politicians are hypocrites.
You support this president and it's time you and other congressmen step up and  stand up to him. Be the change, Senator.
We can always count on you to speak out against clean air and water, but to never utter the words "Nazi" or "Christian terrorists".
Just another @SenatorFischer  scripted response, the new Republican party empowered this #WhiteNationalist uprising.
"I want her death to be a rallying cry for justice and equality and fairness and compassion." Heather Heyer's mother
Deb I DO NOT OWE RESPECT TO NAZIS WHO PROMOTE RACISM & VIOLENCE. tHEY ARE NOT ALT RIGHT THEY R GDDAM NAZIS!
Well, Deb, they are KKK and Nazis. Can you use those terms please?
Tell that to your president
U can start respecting We The People Deb Fischer by removing hate&racism from the White House, i.e. Trump & Sessions. Start w/ these Bullies
If you truly believe this, you know that Trump has to go.  He incited hatred into action.
Call out the #WHITENATIONALISTS @SenatorFischer. Call it for what it is. #HateCrime
Senator will you answer the question please? There's no moral distance between Nazis and those who will work them to get a tax bill passed.
This is the best you can do @SenatorFischer ?
Senator I have a question for you, Sen Ryan & Sen Sasse. If you feel this way, why do you support politicians & laws that perpetuate it?
Your tireless approval of this president speaks volumes.  You have disappointed so many Nebraskans.
Strongly agree
Even Marco had more to say about it than you do.
Deb Fischer supports Donald Trump and herself.  She does not support Nebraskans like me.  We will remember that in the voting booth.
#Trump continues to encourage the #AltRight.  First by including them in his #cabinet now through his weak statements on  #Charlottesville.
You mean Neo Nazis have no place in society, come on healthcare thief. Label it right.
Civility and respect is not enough, you must condemn white supremacy as an ideology and do it by name.
Answer this question. Do you still support Trump after this? There is no blurring of the lines. You either do or you don't.
A yes or no answer is in play. Either you do support a racist bigot, or you don't, but crocodile tears don't work anymore.
Silence speaks. If she doesn't answer... we know she is one of them.
We're still waiting for you to say something meaningful Senator. Call them what they are: racist domestic terrorists, nazis.
@SenSasse @BenSasse @RepDonBacon Demanding you walk this statement. You *know* tolerating @POTUS actions/inactions caused this violence.

@K_OG_rady
What do you and this door have in common? You're both unhinged
Do you support the president's statement??
But you support current occupant of the Oval Office who is the one who fomented/incited the hatred, violence & racism to which you object.
#45 campaigned on a platform of bigotry, hate, intolerance, and he incited violence. Yet, you support him. 

Who should we point at Deb?
Respect nazis? No. Not ever! It's completely wrong to tell people to respect that hateful vile filth. Start looking for a new job!
You blew it Deb. You needed to call out the white supremacist terrorism first and not go to "many sides" like Trump.
You supported and rubber stamped white supremacist nominees from Trump. Your party has courted these vile people all along. You're complicit
Now, please keep speaking out about the hatred that @POTUS fostering in our country. This could easily been the UNL campus. Speak out!
Yet this hatred, racism which has lead to violence many times before, gets ignored.
These views are starting to become mainstream #Charlottesville 
But to be an Irish doesnt automatically make one a Supremist
So white supremists dont like Jews...Oh
There are terrorists marching in the streets and all you are doing is asking for "civility"? You and @NEGOP are spineless.
That's why you hate poor people?
Lol you need to find a job in 2018. GL
Could you be specific? A few hints: swastikas, white pointy hoods....
I will never, EVER, show respect for nazi thugs. And I disown you as a Nebraskan for making the request.
Call them terrorists
The hatred and resistance of the mainstream political parties gives the fringe the feeling (misguided) that it's OK to do it too. Sad.
Thank you for condemning the violence. no equivocation;just condemnation. I'm proud of you.
I do not have to show respect to racist bigots holding Nazi flags. Why don't you ask Trump to denounce this violent show of white supremacy
Racism and white supremacy is never a good thing!
I can be civil but I don't respect you at all. You've done NOTHING I respect. THIS WAS YOUT CHANCE. FAILING to define this as fascism
Yes! Replace Deb!
That is where the line is drawn. Call these protestors what they are Sen. Fischer, domestic terrorists, nazis. Your statement is too little
."We can disagree and still love each other unless your disagreement is rooted in my oppression..." @SonofBaldwin
Waiting on you to condemn White Supremacy that has done much damage in our shared history!
These are your base voters. This is why you gerrymander and are against the voting rights act. Enough empty words, act or resign.
Then back this up with your votes in Washington. These people feel emboldened by current GOP. --one of your constituents
Well Sen. Fischer based on responses to your tweet looks like people looking for stronger statement.  But, I'm running '18 I need votes
"Respect one another." Coming from someone who voted to take healthcare from Nebraskans.
How will you use your position to stop the spread of hatred &racism? How long do we have to wait for action from the GOP on this issue?
Call it what it is: Domestic terrorism of Neo-Naxis inspired by Donald Trump. Just say it. The truth.
Deb you really should retire now. You don't do anything to improve all lives in Nebraska. We need a new face from Nebraska in our Senate.
#domesticterrorism #WhiteSupremacists
Why aren't you condemning the white supremacists by name? Why aren't you calling them terrorists?
Do u like Gorka, Bannon or Miller more-like u they support DT
It's KKK TERRORISM, Senator!
American urban wars began 2day.
The war has just started.
Yes. Say "Nazis."  Say "race baiters". This statement is as worthless as your "thoughts and prayers" after gun tragedies.
The president you support has encouraged his base at rallies to physically hurt others and offered to pay for their lawyers if they did so.
Thank you for speaking out.
This is what YOUR party leader encouraged. YOU supported this and the White Nationalists in the White House.
Grownups don't tweet and run, either, chickenshit. Come back and respond to your constituents, we don't want your mindless RNC blast-fax.
Thank you.  It was disappointing that our @realDonaldTrump did not call out the racists as being the problem.
And now @realDonaldTrump shows his true face. The Nazis he called "fine people," those opposing them "violent thugs." Sickened yet?
We know you are hoping to bring that to Nebraska, then you will stand up and say, "vote for me, I will protect you" and then you hide...
Step out side the party lines... Help remove. Trump & Pence from office... Support the removal of every Congressman who supported him...
And yet you support a President that incites it.
If you were brave enough to talk to the real people. You would learn a few things, like they are modeling the President. He condones it...
What did your Rich contributor friends have to say about it?They,just like you live in a cushy zone protected from the real world. GOP fault
This lies at the feet of Donald Trump and all who supported him. I place you in that category. His words are too little & way too late
Oh like when you bar those who have opposite views as your base? Is that the respect you speak of?
Will you call on your party's leader in the White House to explicitly renounce white nationalism?
you allowed this man to rise to the presidency knowing all too well who his base is...you ma'am have blood on your hands
This country will not be able to show civility & respect as long as those in the White House are allowed to stay. Start w/ condemning them
our society was founded on it. but tell us more... 
That starts with your attitude towards less fortunate in society.  Where's common sense for common good? You stand up only for your party?!
Say. Their. Name.
And yet your party enables it. Your president surround self with those who empower it.
25th amendment!
Platitudes?  What good r u if u don't take action against the terrorists in r own country? Support 4 trump & his WH full of racists must end
Agreed, Senator. What are you doing about it? Maybe your subcommittee on the internet can look into alt-right and neo Nazi radicalization.
Say the words "white supremacist" and "Nazi."
You know she will not.
Starts top down. President not setting a good example and he isn't going to change.
Yell it from a mountaintop. These people are emboldened by the hate they saw at their president's rallies, for example. Very dangerous turf.
