how many do you know that will die without coverage for treatment and medication?
still waiting for you to repeal your insurance paid for by taxpayers
yes let's strip insurance from people. Brilliant idea and no replacement in site?! Brilliant.
.@SenatorFischer Why not concrete details instead of lofty promises? Why hasn’t the #GOP in 7 years unveiled this amazing alt to the #ACA?
friends who depend on #ACA will die if you take away their healthcare coverage WO a reasonable replacement. We're watching.
you know what makes life easier? Not having to go bankrupt paying for care or being denied for preexisting conditions
Harder for some? Death sentence for many others. Hypocrite. You should all pass a bill taking away yr own health plan Shame.
I agree shame on all the Republicans for taking away our health insurance!!!! You are evil!!!!
Where is the GOP plan after 7 years of complaining? Ideas are not plans.
let's take your insurance away and see how fast things get done!
better check your math! 74M voted against Trump and only 63M for. America did not ask for this! #WeAreWatching

We are organizing across the country to fight you and the tin pot dictator who lost the popular vote
yes it is an emotional toll it is taking on me! It is the emotional toll of having no insurance! Vote you out in 2018!
yes, I'm sure life will be easier for all the farmers and ranchers who will now be unable to get health insurance at all.
The GOP authored the ACA. It was intentionally flawed. Nicknamed it Obamacare to deflect blame. #YouOwnIt #FixIt #CorruptGOP
are you even listening to any of us? I'm a Nebraska voter "DO NOT REPEAL THE AFFORDABLE HEALTHCARE ACT"!!!!! 
could you repeal your insurance paid for by taxpayers please
#WeGotOursScrewYOU
great 2 hear. @realDonaldTrump has a supporter in u. I can see @SenateGOP won't take 2 yrs like @SenateDems did to undo this
You folks didn't win a mandate, seem to forget that. Power hungry, callous, thoughtless law-makers. It'll come back on U all
especially when you don't have a plan to take it's place!!! This is not going to make our country great again!!!! 
Entrepreneurs (my boyfriend) and Small Biz Owners (my Stepdad) depend on #ACA. Repeal only helps 1%. #SaveACA Stand up for PEOPLE over party
You have no shame. I can't wait until you are voted out of office. #NotMyPresidentTrump
80% want to keep #Obamacare! Why do you want to #MakeAmericaSickAgain? Have you no shame?
.@SenatorFischer Why are you in such a hurry to cost 18 million+ people their insurance coverage & double premiums?
Cool. And I will come die on your lawn with a note made out to you pinned to my chest if I end up uninsured. Deal?
why are you going to kill #Obamacare when millions & millions of people rely on this health insurance!!!
what's your replacement plan?
http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/9912324 …? It is vital that we address issues NOT from top down. As healthcare provider, I want to help!
you have done everything to fight ACA at the expense of innocent lives. People die from spiteful politics like yours.
While #ACA is expensive, Please ensure coverage for pre-existing conditions and availability for those in greatest need.
#repealobamacare Let's bring back CHOICE! We want catastrophic care again! High ded w/low premium
Don't repeal without having a clue what would improve.
I guess one way to win elections is to kill those of us who need ACA. You are such a disappointment. #SavetheACA
#ACARepeal does not make life easier for families! Rural hospitals will suffer. Read the facts.
http://www.npr.org/2017/01/04/508242215/fact-check-once-again-lawmakers-are-stretching-the-facts-of-obamacare …
It is time that the you &fellow GOP's stop making your donors & the wealthy a priority.  A plan before repeal or no repeal
I ask that you carefully consider the wide spread implications for those who loose coverage. I am opposed to your position.
Not sure how y'all sleep at night knowing you're bullying Dems into taking the fall for this OR stripping care from millions
How exactly did the ACA take away choices from the 20+ million who previously had zero choices? #math #youvapidfuckwit
U have blood on your hands! U lie, ACA DID NOT FAIL! You just removed pre existing and other parts promised to stay!!
Do you even care what WE think #voteherout
I like the part of your message calling out Dems for fear mongering. Freedom means free markets and free choice. #FullRepeal
If preexisting cond. is mandatory, it's still Obamacare. Give me the same exemption you gave yourself.  #FullRepeal
what u r doing is dangerous to many Americans. u r playing politics. Join others to fix health care ACA for all not repeal!
Yeah.  #ReplaceNotRepeal if you, @gop, @SpeakerRyan  have a better idea. Otherwise it is #bogus #partisan #SwampThing action
You are on the wrong side of history. Can't wait to vote you out.
yes because having no insurance and dying from a preexisting condition sure does make things easier.
Take the Pledge that Nebraska will not accept Federal Aid beyond what it contributes in a Federal Taxes. No more handouts!
stripping families of their healthcare makes their lives easier? How?
Republicans will steal all of the money! Half goes to their portfolio and the other half buys more cops and prisons!
Yea Deb, Life will be so much easier for all Americans after you and your party of liars and thieves destroy America!
Yes, stripping them of their health insurance will make their lives so much easier.
Healthcare should be a right for everyone, not just the privileged.
ECE is key to rebuilding the infrastructure which matters most... Our Children deserve a #HeadStart http://www.childrensparadise.com 
your health insurance should be suspended until all Americans have health care! No plan? What the F were you guys thinking?
could I see the plan you want to replace it with?  Had 7 years.
easier? Easier how? You all have not presented any replacement plans. You have had 7 years to make at least one.
Now you are just flat out lying. There is no proof Affordable Care Act has put undo burden on anyone. Liar.
what about the great parts of ACA like no cost preventative care and wellchild visits?
This is what you did.  For the people?  I don't think so. Update your resume
Easier for whose families? The1%?
So you are saying death will make life easier for families? That is illogical. #SaveACA
