
On the floor, I read a letter that Coretta Scott King wrote in 1986 opposing @SenatorSessions's judicial nomination: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost/wp/2017/01/10/read-the-letter-coretta-scott-king-wrote-opposing-sessionss-1986-federal-nomination …
I had spinal surgery a couple years ago. Happy to share my surgeons #. 2018 is just around the corner. #SpinelessGOP
just voted for a Secretary of Education that doesn't have a clue about Public schools. #Nebraska #Omaha @KatyTurNBC @MSNBC
congrats, hope @betsydevos gave you enough money to stage a vigerous reelection campaign. #soldourkikds @KatyTurNBC @MSNBC
Will you be sharing the $$ amount ya sucked out of Saturday's Palm Beach SLAVE/ Master party?
watching 1. Call out POTUS for gov't branch disrespect. B our voice. It's your place where's that backbone? 2. #noDevos...
Deb & others in this picture need 2b defeated in 2018. Share their shame 4 voting yes appointing DeVos!
Shame on you. You sold the future of our children's education for a campaign contribution.
Ask the hon. Senator how many phone calls/emails she got urging her to vote no on DeVos #soldourkids
Get your grope on girl. You deserve it!
Since you voted YES to @BetsyDeVos  we'll vote NO for you in 2018. Enjoy your first and last term.
can you return to Lincoln for town-hall meeting?  We have questions!
You are despicable.  How much was your PAYOFF, Senator, for voting for a complete incompetent BILLIONAIRE
Well done Senator.  Proud you represent the values of our great state and your recognition of the issues
3. POTUS has never given indication he'll be tough w/ Putin No reason to expect otherwise in future. Get backbone. Call out
Shame on you for ignoring the clear majority of your constituents.  Guess you don't want to be reelected.
You sold America's children.
your vote for DeVos was  shameful.
will you be discussing betrayal to NE children for cash?  Or possibly what you'll be doing after term?
Get a backbone and vote against Betsy DeVos! Our children deserve much better and your mother too!
ANGER. I support Dems blocking every move she makes this entire administration.
Listen to your constituents. Take a stand for something meaningful and vote NO on DeVos!
Horrified by the way you abandoned your constituency in favor of 2018 campaign dollars today. Shameful and unforgivable!
shame on you for supporting DeVos and your unwillingness to stand up to Trump on Putin!
Paid TROLL Account
...don't pretend your constituents want her as Sec of Ed. We don't. We've told you. You're ignoring us and we are angry.
Fischer ignores Nebraska & her own common sense
if we can't apply enough pressure, maybe her pup can. We need a canine miracle. 
Get off TV and pay attention to your constituents!  DO YOUR JOB!
@AmyNHadden @USATODAY Where is the evidence of you working hard in the inner cities?
I watched your vote on DeVos, whom do you represent?  #DeVosVote #publicschools #resist
Are you going to tell us why you were stupid enough to vote for DeVos, if not I pass...
Hey Deb! You running for reelection in 2018?
Enjoy your last term. Your people will remember how you betrayed them. You will not be reelected
your political career is over. You sold our kids. The people of Nebraska will make you pay. #votethemout
Thanks Deb for voting against our children in Nebraska . You continue to SHIT on the voters
I hope they grill you on your DeVos vote. Such a shame
You are a terrible representative of Nebraska. Shame on you. #DeVosvote
Judge Ginsb..reps will SOMEDAY go back to hearing ppl they rep.  Today they only listen to party. Shame
#NoOnDeVos, that would be common sense, a qualified candidate would be great, thank you.
they say you're controlled by money prove them wrong
are you voting #NoonDeVos
Teachers must be trained. SecOfEd should be too. She is unqualified. US kids deserve better. #NoOnDevos
Please vote no on Betsy DeVos.  Listen to your constituents!!!!!
Just a reminder, you are up for reelections, and if you do not vote for our children's education, You're Fired,  Vote No
Protect our children's future. #noDevos
Give you  Justice, but NOT this DeVos woman! U vote for her, I don't vote for you! People marching Ne.
Don't Vote for DeVos! Trump won't matter with your vote in Ne, but us voters do! Marching now!
There Marching in Lincoln Tonight against you! Never seen that before! Trump doesn't affect our vote here
You did a good job responding to KT and represented NE well.
Time to investigate $$$ trail from DeVos to @SenatorFischer. Only a bribe can explain this! Spend the money wisely Deb! #OneTermSenator
Paid TROLL Account
Pls voteNO on DeVos- she is offensively underqualified voting along party lines should not be at the expense of common sense
release your poll numbers. How many calls begging you to #votenoondevos. Why are you in DC?
you have a chance here to be a hero no on DeVos
she only wants to talk about the SCOTUS nomination she thinks the sec Ed thing won't get noticed
Please put country before party and OPPOSE DeVos! Don't sell out our children and their future! #NoDeVos
work across the aisle? Prove you can. #VoteNoDevos Nebraska's children depend on you.
no on Devos. No in gorsuch
maybe tell us why she has turned her back on American children by back DeVos?
All talk & nothing to protect the country. Fischer is a yes on DeVos & ignores dangerous Trump.  Shameful
No to DeVos
Senator stand strong vote NO. This person is unqualified.
history will remember those that are brave and stand up to fascism. It will call out those that don't
do you read ur feed ALL are no on DeVos!
we expect you to vote no!
we are keeping track of who votes no! And especially women
seriously you're voting on DeVos?!?! We in California can promise a super PAC of $ to your opponent
We will let you know. We in NE want her to vote NO, if she votes yes, she's out.
Public Education - The foundation of democracy. Well-funded, the strength of our nation. DeVos an ignorant elitist
Senator Fischer, please do not vote for DeVos.
You lied to her. You won't meet with your constituents, we waited & you fundraise. Neb. Says #noDevos
I am very concerned citizen of NE you are my senator. Please make an intelligent vote not political vote.
I have a disabled family member who is excelling in school because of our education syst. Pls keep it that way #VoteNoDevls
Your mom was a public school teacher, YES? More reason to say NO! to Mrs. Devos.
#SendFischerHome2018
#StopDeVos #JustOneMore #NoonDeVos Where did your mom work? Oh right public schools. Stop her pls!
You say you support "common sense NE values," common sense says vote NO on DeVos. Shes not qualified. #DeVosvote
no on DeVos.  Serve your people not your party or they will vote you out
great! I'll be watching tomorrow during the DeVos hearing to be sure you vote NO like Nebraskans want!
you should be discussing how Nebraskans want to recall you for supporting Devos!
Mayb U should've talked about the vac. U R going 2 get after next year's election, 4 your Yes vote 4DeVos
STAND UP for the people that PAYS your salary!!! Oh maybe you are how much did Betsy pay YOU?#VoteNoDevos
so still have a chance to redeem yourself and vote NO on Devos
As a 34 Yr Educ, LIKED your words on ESSA, WHY YES DeVos? I PRAY YOU ARE RIGHT, 1 NO VOTE- THAT'S YOU!
.@SenatorFischer @KatyTurNBC @MSNBC So it's OK to come out attacking the press on day one but not Putin? Is that #AltLogic?
Please vote no on DeVos. She is a terrible choice
SHAME ON YOU! DeVos is grossly unqualified! DeVos doesn't believe my child w/ #autism deserves schooling
you were elected to represent the people. Vote #NODeVos!! We see you. We WILL unseat you!
AAAnd you post this one minute before this airs. Are you hiding from something?

Will you attempt to justify your support of the insupportable and unqualified DeVos?
don't you demean our America by supporting Trump with Putin. That is disgusting lady. Be bold.
Thank you to the overwhelming amount of Neb people who are against DeVos! Please listen!
with your experience you really should know better regarding Devos. You can not agree this is the best
...Sullivan, Thune, Tillis, Tilley, Young. Why are none recusing themselves on her vote? #draintheswamp
Daines, Gardner, Grassley, Johnson, McCain, McConnell, Murkowski, Perdue, Portman, Rounds, Rubio, Scott..
17 of your colleagues took up to $98,300 apiece from the DeVos family: Blunt, Burr, Cassidy, Cotton...
How about RESPECTING the views of your constituents who DON'T LIKE Betsy #DeVos BUYING A CABINET POST?
@KatyTurNBC @MSNBC
This is terrible can't even confront Trump on traitorous statements. Vote her out of office.
you should prob check your mentions-each day you stand with him you nice twisted being unseated-FACT!
this was a great interview! You sound so level headed which I really respect, but reconsider your Devos vote, Please Help US
The Senator has decided to not listen to her constituents and choose Party instead. #shameonyou
She is trying to defend Devos credentials. Lost all credibility. Another one who needs to grow a spine.
You looked like traitorous fool- unwilling to denounce your idiotic leader-shameful simply shameful!
shame on you putting party line above the best interest of school children. No common sense. #StopDeVos
you are useless
I agree that when one is first elected @POTUS he shouldn't attack leaders. He's attacked allies! OK w/U?
you brag support for pub schs then say you're voting for  most unqualified educ sec in history - payoff?
more lies! We will remember!
Your awful..... as a Republican your a disgrace if you vote for DeVos or any of those so called nominees!
Awful!!!! How much did she give to the Republicans? over $200 Million...
@NotMyP0TUS @SenatorFischer @KatyTurNBC @MSNBC Explains a lot,doesn't it?No wonder it's so tough for GOP to say no.All abt
frustrating! !!!
Doesn't bother you at all, @SenatorFischer, that #DeVos literally knows nothing about public education?
Do we need this?

@KatyTurNBC @MSNBC
Mrs. DeVos has a terrible record.  Why won't you look further into her failed experiment in Michigan?
I see you backing DeVos seriously? #DumpDevos
Vote NO on DeVos!
If you support public schools, you must vote NO on DeVos
You aren't just working for Nebraska. You have a duty to hold Trump accountable for undermining our Democracy.
do you have opponent yet?
You took an oath to defend the Constitution against ALL enemies
Calling out #Trump is EXACTLY your job

@KatyTurNBC @MSNBC
Watching you. I'd think you know it takes years for refugees to be vetted. Years! Or maybe you don't know
I don't think she knows. What a disgrace she is.
please tell us you are voting no on Betsy DeVos
