Deb, you voted in favor of what would have been an unmitigated disaster by all accounts. All of your "helping Nebraskans" talk is hot air.
like skyrocketing prices and failing system? seems the disaster is already upon us, gonna get worse.
In states where the governors haven't fought its provisions, it's done well. In NE, Ricketts makes its failure a self fulfilling prophecy.
The president is doing the same thing. You can't undermine something then blame it for not doing well.
At any rate, had skinny repeal become law, it would have been immediately catastrophic. The senators themselves knew it.
The senators themselves knew this and 49 of them still voted in favor of something they hoped wouldn't become law. That's absurd.
How do you undermine some thing unconstitutional? How do you undermine some thing they could only legally pass off as a tax?
Here's how: don't allow the expansion of Medicaid. And then insist that private companies must be used but then call it unconstitutional.
How many others have contacted about just the opposite, but we get a form letter reply because you don't listen to the rest of us. Shame!
#SmartGirlsCould
#TeachCongress 
#13Amendment #BannedWomenAsProperty &
#BannedInvoluntaryServitude
#ForcingGirlssToServeAnothersHealthcare
Why do you like to Hurt people DEb? Take away ones Healthcare,Quit lying about why costs are going up.
Are you willing to take responsibility for the failures of important medical institutions an the jobs of so many healthcare workers?
It's your job to convince and influence your peers. You failed us too.

Senator Hirono's emotional final plea against WealthCare didnt get much recognition. Sharing it with you. 
The House/Senate need to immediately remove from any committee, leadership position, etc. any member who voted against Repeal.
That's a dictatorship, not democracy. Read a book this weekend.
I am truly excited to help vote you out of office in 2018.
true story
Then why don't you work with the governor on allowing more? Half this issue is state-level, it's not all federal
The Governor is an imbecile too
How can you be Pro Life, but vote to terminate healthcare for 32 million people via repeal only, and 16 million within 1 year of skinny
She's not. She's pro money from lobbyists.
—NO—        —YES—
  AARP        Deb Fischer
   AMA
Hospitals
 Insurers
Physicians
 Veterans
Governors
Nebraskans 
7,000 Nuns
87% of US
I love having been dropped twice since ACA started. Now on my 3rd plan I'm paying over 2x premiums with about 3x deductibles.
Why were you dropped?
Had CoOportunity Health which went bankrupt & was liquidated, switched to United which subsequently quit offering ACA plans. Switched again
pretty sure CoOp was forced to liquidate when congress cut funds when they needed more. $ woulda been made on loans, way for GOP to gut law. – at Woods Park
It worked because it was nonprofit. Adjustments needed, exceeded applicant & claim projections because people could afford it. Answer = 
What a collosal waste of time. @SenatorFischer is a #TrumpRepublican through and through. This is her legacy.
Stand up like your fellow women senators and protect the American people.  It's time to abandon Trump and reach across the aisle.
5 yrs u have had this job & complained about the ACA, u finally have a chance 2 repeal  & replace, but never even had a plan 2 fix. Sad.
We live in small town NE, no jobs with healthcare for my daughter. She has Obamacare and couldn't do without it. Please fix, not replace.
try compassion
Shame on you. When your two female colleagues did the right thing, you were silent. You're pathetic.
and many more thousands have told you to keep Obama care and improve it.  You only listen to you big money contributors
your
Did anyone contact you to not throw out the ACA?
So. Many. People. We contacted her to not repeal the ACA. Don't believe her party line shite. She's bought and paid for.
Selective listening isn't representation, Deb.
Why do you vote against your constituents?
We won't forget it at the voting booths in 2018!
Enough of the party line BS fix ACA instead of trying to strip Ins from 15-20 million Americans common sense
Too bad you weren't one of the heroes to vote NO!Bless McCain, Murkowski, and Collins!Let's fix the ACA!Go home for your break and smart up!
Come home for your break, have Town Hall Meetings, in Lincoln, Omaha not little tea parties with your best friends, talk to the real people
need find someone good 2 run against her, n need 2 get the vote against her out. To many in Nebraska just don't vote we need to change that
I think Dave Landis (sp?) Could be a good fit... Not sure he would want to go there or not...
No, seriously. You’re terrible at life.
Release your call sheets & tally for constituents for and against. I think it's bullsh*t AND an overwhelming majority didn't want this POS
She won’t cause she toes the party line and she’s awful
The people against this don't make her money I would like to see an income listing of what she has made since day 1 in office from lobbyists
oh they are stuffing their pockets with lobbyist money, that's why they fight to stay in office
So get it together and pass single payer.
We need better reform that HELPS more not hurts & tax breaks for middle class not tax breaks for classless rich people like you. Do better.
Excuse me, but WTF! You were supposed to vote NO! Murkowski and Feinstein had the moral fiber.
and I for one am very happy things went the way they did, you were about to screw people over and then democracy happened.
for 5 years you may have listened to 25 Nebraskans, no one else is allowed to talk to you. That is unless money is involved.
Moving forward would have been a tragedy for those you heard from. Luckily @SenatorCollins & @lisamurkowski bailed you out. IN 2018 BYE BYE!
You are either lying or you have no understanding of how existing legislation works & what needs to be done to fix the system. See you in 18
You cannot repeal without a solid back up. Emptying a fridge without restocking won't help you make dinner the next day.  You'll starve.
and thousands of Nebraskans called and asked you to vote no on a bill that would kill their subsidy and you failed us on that front. #resign
you did this behind closed doors! Stop the feigned outrage. The courage of a few saved healthcare for all!
What about the Nebraskans that have been calling and visiting your offices? You know, the ones that would like to keep their healthcare?
If he goes after JSessions you better find a backbone
Forget ACA we have bigger problems. He's off the rail. Hired new comm dir to fire his boss? Chf of staff? Really? This is insane
Work across the isle with democrats, please.
You've never referred 2 any of the disastrous GOP bills as Trumpcare. U represent ALL of NE, Not just those who share ur ideology.
When will u put country over party?  How about starting w/calling it the ACA not obamacare?  Shows u disrespect office & constituents.
Perhaps you should have encouraged Pete to do the Medicare expansion. You only mention the dissenters, do the people who want it not count?
Ok how will YOU address your folks problems. Were you in the secret meeting NO. Both parties must work together now.
Bullshit
Gov't has no business in healthcare.  All could be handled through insurance regulation.
You toe the party line, even when you must know it's a horrible decision. This is nothing more than trumps vindictiveness #FridayFailure
94% of the Republican Party voted for a bill that only 18% of Americans supported. Who are you representing, the citizens of Nb, or trump?
Whatever healthcare bill the elected officials create should be required for them and their families!
How about a real replacement first and then repeal. You have had plenty of time to think of something.
Maybe try fixing Obamacare instead of stripping insurance from people then, Nebraskans also don't like dying from lack of coverage
Im at a loss for words and I am so angry I dont want to hear any excuses.
Very disappointed in how you voted.  Don't take healthcare away from Nebraskans.
So what about the millions of Nebraskans on Medicaid? Start packing. We deserve better than you.
How's your day?
You should be disappointed in the GOP not being able to craft a good bill BEFORE a vote. Poor leadership & poor partisanship.
@NEGOP ultimately stop fighting - Country over party - do what's best for ALL of not just a party.. Work together 4 all
@NEGOP how about targeting insurance & pharmaceutical companies who are Profiting Off ALL Of ? Time To Reel In costs.
Do 1 good idea per bill. Do easy ones.
>>Individuals own their Health records & updates each visit.
By '18 most problems fixed.
If you really care (I'm not sure you do) now is the time to work across party lines to repair and improve the #ACA to benefit all Americans.
@NEGOP how about expand Medicaid=stabilize market= lower premiums= affordable care for all ?
@NEGOP What about those who cant afford insurance w/out Medicaid? Is it alright 2 rip it away from them? Do they not matter?
Now work to improve ACA--you know Nebraskans need and deserve good heath 
care. I believe you can thread that needle. Try!
Now serve folks you represent by *collaborating* on bill that focuses on STABILIZING U.S. healthcare, not taking from vulnerable @SenSasse
So you are coming out with the TRUTH now?Are you saying Trumpcare is cheaper or l lm not understanding you clearly
"fewer choices under Obamacare" yess, because a partial repeal and replace is the way to go #byebyedeb
Show some courage like McCain did. The senate ran a certain way for decades before you got there.
Pls take this an opportunity to create actual legislation that improves things. The congress could have improved the ACA over last 8 years
Blah, blah, lobbyist money, blah, blah.  You re voting to hurt your constituents.  Period.  End of. Don’t even try to justify that.
I'm a constituent in Omaha I'm proud of John McCain and his courage! Fix the purposeful Repub sabotage of Obamacare and ppl will thank you
I've never seen you engage someone on Twitter. If you in fact read any of our comments I hope you guys just let ACA fail. Why bail out Dems?
Keep on ignoring facts.  The action you were part of would have deprived almost 100 times the  number of Nebraskans who wrote you.
Try working with Dems and keep the good parts of the ACA and fix the "bad" parts. Too bad all you see bad is it was Obama's bill.
The answer is a single payer system
Move away from insurance companies. Quit creating legislation to cater to their profits. Healthcare is a right.
Please work at making what we have better!
If you all had spent half the time improving imagine what we could have had?
Your "co workers let you down. Price will be payed.
Make the process transparent. Hold public hearings. Release all relevant data beforehand. Work across the aisle....or follow the bullies.
#Repeal #Repeal #Repeal for 7 yrs. No plan ready. Be ready for being in the minority party again....if you win reelection.
Here's a thought, try stepping across the aisle and work together to fix what's wrong with ACA. Be a leader, set an example.
You are lying. We know how healthcare works. Prices will rise higher with what you voted to move forward. Reckless move.
What part of the CBO score makes you think Skinnybill would have improved things? 20% higher premiums or 16MM losing coverage?
Deb I'm very disappointed how you voted for ACA repeal with the secretly drafted skinny bill
Perhaps it's now time to work WITH the other party to try to improve those issues you point out, rather than passing a bill no one wanted.
You voted to stop  Nebraskans from getting health care. How many would have died if that stupid bill got passed?
How about you and the rest of the senators vote for something that you and your family would have to use too? Then you'd have a clue.
Where would the "Relief" have been for those Nebraskans who would have lost coverage under this bill or one similar to it?
Wish you would actually take time to listen to the Nebraskans who need the ACA and opposed this bill
There's only 3 people in this series of replies that agree with you . You're supposed to go with the majority of your constituents
shame on you! America needs to repeal your healthcare which WE THE PEOPLE provide for you! See you in November 2018
Where is your statement on Trump's ban on transgender people serving in the military? Do you have the courage to speak on that?
I too am truly excited to vote you out in 2018 .I hope you had fun while you were a senator which you're not gonna be one anymore
And I know lots of other people that did the same thing what about us?
I have been contacting you to tell you that the ACA saved My life. In my insurance premiums are not any higher than they were at my job
Time now  to admit that most of the problems w/ ACA were due to GOP sabotage. Do the right thing now. Work w/Dems to fix
Time to show leadership you had in Unicameral. Work across the aisle on behalf of Nebraska & America. Find solutions. Be independent!
but you don't care to HELP - not me w hc. You'll help m/billionaires get tax breaks. No one else benefits from a repeal.
The only thing your vote is doing is taking health care from ppl and cutting taxes for the rich
In all seriousness, you are a horrible human. You and your family deserve every negative thing that happens to you.
Interesting there is no mention of the thousands of calls, letters and faxes from those of asking you to vote NO and #KeepUsCovered
Now is time for bipartisan and serious discussion.  Others, too, have spoken! 69341-Gering!
You have hid from, and ignored the majority of your constituents. We will remember how you keep trying to kill so many of us.
Thank God there are senators who are looking out for their constituents. I will devote all my time and money to make sure you are voted out
How many have called telling u to protect #ACA? And what does the data say about costs & how they will go up due to #SkinnyRepeal ?
How about addressing the reason health care costs so much?
It is strange that your mention of cost of care is the only one. This needs to be addressed first. Without competition in health care not...
I should have known better.I am so sad for you. You really don't care about Nebraskans.@SenatorFischer
Upset? Guess your payoff was canceled!?
You are so out of step with reality I am embarrassed that you and @SenSasse are supposed to be representing my state.
No! Your vote was to throw 1000s of Nebraskans & millions of Americans off healthcare, thus placing their lives in peril. Shame on you!
Senate should work together to#ImproveACA instead of repeal/replace w/a murderous, thieving bill. Americans deserve Senate's best efforts.
Just quit. Seriously. #dumpdeb #midterms
For 7 years the GOP has whined about the ACA and youngest the chance and couldn't come up with a good plan. #trumpcare would've been worse!
You were unable to move forward because you had no solution. Own it and work to REPAIR not replace. A real solution will pass
I'm glad Sens McCain, Murkowski and Collins have more integrity and decency than you and @BenSasse this morning
I'm ashamed that I had to rely on 3 senators from another state to vote in my interest. Shame on both of you. @SenSasse @SenatorFischer
How about returning to NE & holding some town hall mtgs? Or are you going to continue to avoid your constituents.
She's not gonna do that. She would have to listen to the truth and find out she's a big f****** liar

I'm disappointed you have no plan beyond "repeal". If the system is broken you fix it, not throw people away because they're sick.
This bill had a literal 16% approval but you voted for it anyway. You're a disgrace to the senate and the state of Nebraska.
Don't blame the ACA for an increase in fees. That was solely the insurance companies and you and others allowed it to happen.
it would have been worse had this bill passed. Try following a program without partisanship. Make health insurance non profit.
If Nebraska is Republican, that says it. Many didn't set up the program correctly due to opt outs. Your ins. laws make a difference too.
It's time to be looking for a new job, may I offer a line that could give you a new job skill? "Would you like fries with that order?"
Beg to differ, taking fry orders means you have to listen to customers and the Senator isn't so good at that
that's just idiocy, instead of stripping healthcare fro millions of people you should be addressing Nebraska's failure to expand medicaid
Wow you and @SenSasse get a lot of people not even from Nebraska telling you what to do. Not surprised, Dems don't understand states.
Stick it lady! You'd happily let millions suffer die and struggle with no insurance. You're a demon.May you know suffering in your lifetime.
Look forward to see the statement when you're voted out of office in 2018
You should have been in McConnell's face helping create something new and beneficial. What was presented was half-ass trash and you know it
Please get rid of b.o. care.
It has done more harm than good and has only served to give government more control over the people.
That's a lie, your own staffer told me you get far more calls in opposition to repeal than in favor.
Deb has selective hearing
So WORK with Democrats to address issues in ACA but STOP trying to screw over the millions it works for!!@All100Senators
then make the next approach a process instead of a slap it together bill. Your folks expect more from you. #accountability
You're clueless! Uninsuring the poor, allowing healthy people to opt out, screwing people with preexisting conditions?  That's NOT relief!
You're pathetic.
AGREED! What a terrible representative for the great people of Nebraska 
Why did Nebraska experience an 18% increase in premiums this year & California 5%? ACA may need changes but it is not the sole problem

Lol she's so mad cherry county hospital gets to stay open
Yay for America!
If Nebraska had expanded Medicaid and embrace the ACA instead of trying to sabotage it, we'd have far more insured & reasonable costs.
Thank god for McCain, Murkowski, and Collins for doing the right thing. Fischer and Sasse were willing to ruin people's lives.
and 4 that sole reason they need to be voted out. We need to fine good ppl to run against them. They both have made to much $$ from lobbyist
7 years. You've had 7 years to come up with something.
You voted to hurt Nebraskans. We have long memories. History and voters will not be kind to you. You are an embarrassment to our state.
You say you want the cost of health care to go down yet you just voted for a bill that would raise premiums by 20%. Actions speak louder...
Yet you knew that the McConnell plan would increase premiums 20% and throw many Nebraskans off insurance. But hey, pol W!!!
TY! We need more like you!
And the Trump tiny Trumpet blowers come out of the woodwork to so off their lack of Education, and how Stupid they are...
Thanks for trying to make things right, apparently enough senators don't care. Congress's exemption from O-care should be removed.
Your own party @GOP undermined risk corridors affecting premiums
It's done. Work with everyone in the senate and be a part of the solution. Stop trying to give this administration a rubber stamp. Shape it.
You’re a terrible human. Your constituents deserve better, yet they keep voting for you, so maybe the dont. Either way, you’re awful.
Your support of this process was telling, along with the lack of influence Nebraska appears to have in the Senate.
Get ready to be repealed and replaced, @SenatorFischer
It's the height of dishonesty to suggest that the 8 pages you guys cobbled together over lunch is a form of relief
So work together (across the aisle) to make affordable healthcare a reality for all. #AffordableHealthcare.
Problem was your bill didn't make things better, it would have made them worse. How do you even defend your vote!
Did you make this in Photoshop?
She's not that smart somebody else had to do it for her
U were voting 2 remove coverage 4 pre-existing conditions, were u not? Or u just figure that detail will get figured out by state later?
How is that 'relief?' And this 'skinny repeal' would raise premiums 20%, per CBO. Your idea of relief is not making sense to me.
What if I told you she was lying? Trying to fool us.
Thank God for John McCain, Lisa Murkowski, and Susan Collins! Really have to question your priorities and judgment now. 
You don't have to question anymore. You have the answer
7 years and you have nothing. What’s another month going to mean?
I can't wait for 2018. You are a miserable failure.
Maybe don't write a "bill" at lunch and try to rush a vote hours later? Especially a bill that would have caused premiums to spike by 20%
Because O-care made them spike 50-75 percent? You think this is going to get better by keeping the crap system?
If you are truly concerned w/ access and premiums, why did you vote for BCRA? Obviously reduces access and increased costs.
You need Jesus.
