It's way past out of control.
It sure the f is
As long as the dead & illegals don't vote, we should be good 
The Demon-crats can't win without the help of the Dead and illegals!
We are actually the left's worst nightmare, hispanics who are proud Americans FIRST who believe only Americans should vote.
Are you kidding me, cutting women's rights to free birth control and insurance for children in the Trumpcare bill.. peddle this elsewhere.
Since when is "free" birth control a right?  
And "free"?  Right...
Thank you Senator Scott for putting up the good fight for family values!
What's with you libs? You never smile. You're never happy. You're always whining like babys. Look at your profile pic. Gees! Thumbsucker.WAH
Ivanka is a tax expert? And here I thought she was a fashion designer. Oh well, probably the same, right?
Wait, I thought her and her husband were foreign policy experts??? But you know, from fashion queen to royalty to foreign policy expertise
It costs $230,000 to raise a kid. If you can't afford the 1st 12 weeks, time for a different personal choice. #WhyTaxpayors?
Pro family deathcare?  Oh thats right we don't t
When did we become a Monarchy
When Obama became president, he became the first Monarch. Oh, you didn't know that!
Really Ezekiel I didn't know that he had his whole family brought into government roles. Or that he thought of himself as king. Try again
If you are referring to Saint Trump's family...they are not on the payroll...
And Trump is donating his presidential income to the needy Veterans!
Oh F tthis BS. I dont trust one of you to do something good for the middle class.  This ia a cover for something that'll help the rich.
Sure!  The Demon-crats have always help the rich. Revenue Laws were written by the Demon-crats to help their rich donors. It's a fact!
Revenue laws? No such thing! U don't know what you're talking about. It's the GOP who passed & continue to pass TAX laws that help the rich!
Yah! Right! Try again!
Who do you think is funding the DomonRatic Party?
Billionaires and Wall Street!
Pro FIRST family, you mean? Because none of the other plans the GOP has proposed help anyone but them, the 1% and political takers like you.
IS if you would pull your head out of your rear long enough you could see what's good about the world instead of acting so snarky.

Marco rubio got rid of the risk corridors which were to help stabilize the insurance market.he put that as a poison pill in the debt deal
The proposed healthcare legislation is anti-family, and pro death. Vote No! #KillTheBillNotLives #SaveOurCare


The only one failing is the Demon-cratic party. They accelerating their own demise with their stupidity.
I pray for people like you, that  put GOD in their hate, the day will come you will regret that kind of redrick, I'm  27 yrs old, I LOVE GOD
ICYMI Rubio's not good with the math stuff
YES, HAVE THE WEALTHY & CORPORATIONS PAY THEIR SHARE OF TAXES!!!!! THAT IS ***PRO-FAMILY*** FOR MIDDLE CLASS & POOR---DUUUHHH!!! #MAGA
A good start would be to drop tax cuts to the rich & put back money stolen from Medicaid!
Pro family? Taking away healthcare from millions isn't pro family. All you 3 are is pro money

Pro-family tax reform?? Oh you mean tax credits for the 1%??! Do better @SenatorTimScott
Read the Revenue Laws written by the Demon-crats, and see all.the loop holes they included for their rich donors.
You still voting to take away your constituents health care?
Love you Sen Scott Keep up the good work for SC
Did you talk about how your plan to, "destroy healthcare," is going to hurt those families? Or do you lie about it to each other, too?
Obama did that!  Obama Care was meant to fail!  Bet you did not know that!
You should pick your company more carefully Sen Scott. U haven't been there long
I hope you're discussing tax reform for single people. Why are my taxes higher than people with families.

Ouch.

GOP Obamacare Repeal Could Cost Florida 83,000 Jobs, Cut $8.6 Billion From Economy  http://www.miaminewtimes.com/news/obamacare-repeal-bill-would-cost-florida-83000-jobs-cut-86-billion-from-economy-ahca-study-warns-9426646 … via …
Forget the tax reform and spill about the awkward hugs.
That's a meeting of the minds, now isn't it?
It sounds so great I'm just excited about this movement that's taking place and how it's going to help the young American families
Blame the Demon-crats for the obstruction if anything does not pass!
Is there a pix of you hugging Ivanka?
#dreamteam
#neverivanka
#DefundPP #UnbornLivesMatter .@PPact is a murder operation at taxpayers' expense! #EnoughISEnough
Why is Ivanka even have the authority to be having this conversation
Still the leading tRump stooge...
Said NO ONE EVER!!!
we didn't elect Ivanka
Yes we did!
Thank you.
if a family can't afford childcare, they shouldn't have the kids! Responsibility!
Marco...u sold your soul....she doesn't know crap and is all about her own wealth. Why does she have her clothes made in CHINA.? IMPEACH PLZ
not something the fed gov't needs to address! Stop w the social programs/taxcreds!
Don't cry Little Marco, when he tweets the exact opposite of everything he said.
Here's an idea:  a tax policy that raises funds to help families of all incomes get healthcare.  Oh, you're voting to end that?
Ivanka was fired. Are you sure that was Ivanka???
sorry but what the hell is Ivanka Trump doing there? Who elected her. She knows nothing.
Whatev
Ivanka's business has a history of not paying it taxes so what could she add to any conversation about taxes?
How about discussing the secrecy surrounding the GOP healthcare 'plan'? Any time left for that?
Oh Hell No!!!

No tax "reform" until we see Trump #taxreturns.

--Former GOP and  US Taxpayer
Good Luck with the demand to see Trump's taxes. It's not going to happen anytime soon!
you mean Rich families right?  The bulk of all "tax reform" will go to them, if not the entire amount.
Bahaha! Neither woman truly understands how to put family first. Their priorities are solely financial gain for themselves.
Yes it is...why do think we have abortions and same sex marriages?
I believe this has to do with tax breaks for daycare expenses...
But no affordable health care for those families.
what does pro-family mean? that's a weird term that i've never heard before. thanks!
Marco Rubio voted for this
I would much rather hear about what you are doing to protect US elections.
I don't remember Ivanka ever being elected. NO new entitlements!!!
Tax credits for the rich don't help working families. Tax credits for the poor don't help them survive.
For what tax bracket?
This is such BS. Ivanka is not qualified to speak about tax policy and she is only concerned about one family's taxes.
Princesss Ivanka cares about 1 thing the tax bebate cut your getting her.Letting children and seniors die with no healthcare Greed
This is exactly why Rubio is losing his supporters, instead of questioning her qualifications he normalizes her lack thereof
Keep your hands off of my tax dollars.
I am thinking of The compétitive aspect itself of thé tax réform
History is being written. So sad the legacy you are leaving is one of party before country and take from the poor to give to the rich.  Sad.
The Demon-crats have always given tax breaks to their rich donors. Read the Revenue Laws written by the Demon-creats. It is all there!
BS  GOP taking our healthcare to give Huge tax breaks to very rich and guess who gets No tax cuts, the American middle class & poor
What exactly is "pro-family" tax reform?
Getting rid of nonexistent incentives for abortions, principled stance.
Where do these people get off thinking they fucking know everything? Gahhhh
You shall know them by their fruits. What fruits has Mrs. Ivanka Trump Kushner produced for low income families? Is she a regstr Republican
What the hell does Ivanka know about taxes for the American people? But I guess she is like her dad and knows more than anyone else right.
Exactly what are ivanka's qualifications to be included in any of this? Especially since she has only worked in a business named trump.
Kinda like Nikki Haley being Ambassador to the UN.
At least she has some experience outside of a family business...
How or why is the government even involved?
Really laughable!!! As if tax policy for the poor and many in middle class will effect their daily living needs.
How about just pro tax payer reform policies? How about focusing on every individual that pays a federal income tax?
Ivanka is WORKING on that, Kevin. It's currently being typed up by her 3-year-old. Patience.
At least attempt to be civil. 
Need the tax cuts that @realDonaldTrump  promised
Unless you're a billionaire, that's not happening.
Obama raised my taxes,Bush cut my taxes
Obama raised my income and the value of my house and investments by a lot, so I guess he raised my taxes too because I made A LOT more money
Yeah, yeah, drink the kool-ade. Take a deep, long drink

Do something about our cooked DOT
