I guess Gorsuch threatening women's rights isn't as important as "heartland, family values, blah blah blah"
"Americans deserve better than a bitter feud in the Senate."  If only you believed this last year at this time.
and you wonder why metropolitans mock you for consistently selling your voters out?
Please! As a public school teacher, I beg of you to say "NO" to Betsy.
Dump DeVos. Your people are watching u and holding u accountable.
please do the right thing for our kids, vote NO on DeVos
he is anti-women's rights and pro-corporation/anti-citizen oppose him
#VoteNoDevos Listen to the people, have u forgotten who u work for!!!  You can be replaced
you need to stop talking about the judge and explain ur decision to further damage r educational system
please mind riding that pendrlum to the far right. People want moderation.
Check out the dramatic # of ur constituents who are opposed to DeVos. Opinion vs FACT. Vote NO! #2018
I hope you listen to your constituents and vote NO to Betsy DeVos. Or you will be voted out in 2018.
DeVos is unqualified to run Education Department. Follow your conscience; vote no.
focus on #SCOTUSnominee after voting #noDevos be America's hero.
Senator, Please note NO to #Devos she is u qualified and a risk to our public education system.
Sorry, still hung up on the fact that you're voting for DeVos against constituent wishes. Good luck next term.... #dumpdevos
Sad thing is, you are not unbiased. You are in Congress for yourself and have forgotten about those of us back in NE.
Unbiased it's not. No to Gorsuch and No to DeVos. I vote in Nebraska.
PLEASE listen to constituents #NODeVos. We need a qualified candidate with experience-She can't answer easy ?'s
Today you will betray Nebraskans and stand with the devil.
she is ignoring us she got bought out like the rest of them.
say No to DeVos
I am a teacher like YOUR MOM. My ADULT CHILDREN care about public education. They would NEVER vote for DeVos
Change your position on DeVow & show Nebraskans that you actually represent us. No on DeVos.
vote no for DEVOS
you work for us.  If u fail 2 do ur job, u will b replaced.  We r overwhelming asking u to do the right thing.
GO AHEAD FINISH IT CONFIRM HIM. YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT THIS COUNTRY
Vote no on devos or look for another job soon
We don't care what you have to say.  You are a fraud!
we liberals love the founders too you know. Unlike you though, we know that things change over 250 years.
You refused to advise & consent on Obama's nominee, & now you want Dems to fall in line?  #SendFischerHome2018

Would it have killed him to choose M. Garland and try to unite the country?
thank you for your support
DeVos knows nothing about public education &  her right-wing agenda is blatantly obvious, yet you vote 4 her?
Here is your daily reminder that your constituents have long memories and care deeply about education  #dumpdevos
Nebraska constituents r asking you to vote no for DeVos. She is not qualified.
vote NO for DeVos.
Please no DeVos! My dad was a veteran and I went through public ed in NE. Do not let her play because she paid!
he thinks companies can hold religious values and deny women contraception. What?
our children need you to VOTE NO FOR DEVOS!
Vote NO on Devos!!!
Hey @SenatorFischer 
UNBIASED?!?  Are you kidding me? Do you honestly believe what you're shoveling?
BOOOOOOO
You still have a chance to vote NO to DeVos. Don't let our children down.
200+ people at your office in Omaha. Do your job. Be our voice. #noDevos
wake up Senator.  Your constituents are speaking pretty clearly. No on DeVos #SendFischerHome2018
how do you keep tweeting stuff out and just ignore all this devos stuff we are asking about?answer us
nobody wants to hear anything from you .you are a sellout
you are an embarrassment to women across this country.Is this what the GOP has become Gun toting, anti educatio
#NotoDeVos if you can't do it for all the children and the teachers do it for your mom
still ignoring your constituents huh
and of course nominated by a republican President because you had all your other requirements last February.
the constitution itself defies both his and your interpretation of it. I can't support that
Nom Neil Gorsuch is MOOT. #senateGOP violated Constitution not advising & consenting to Merrick Garland.
I'll pass on reading your post-hoc  justifications for collaborating with the Fascist in Chief. You should be  ashamed.
Vote NO on DeVos! #saveourkids #nodevos
Senator, did you get Nebraskan's op-ed on DeVos?
DeVos may be the defining vote of your career. What will it be? Shame or pride? Vote #noDevos so your g.kids can be proud.
- we don't care about your opinions on Gorsuch. We care that you are ignoring Nebraskans who say #noDevos
too bad  you care more about your position than you do the children of Nebraska.
Qualities we seek in a Sec. of Ed.- experience, knowledge and belief in value of public schools. LISTEN to us: NO on DeVos
you left out "prep school golden boy who started fascism club and totally out of touch with mainstream america"
