Goodbye clean air and clean water.  You will be missed.

are you going to protect our water and Native people?
-- Thank you!!!
#wildlife  we need environmental safeguards urging u to vote no on joint res 18.disastrous for wildlife.its not red tape
I don't really see how working towards a cleaner environment hurt NE families...
I wont be voting for you next term.
Thank you for for selling out at our expense, you are going to be a rubber stamp for Trump.
you sold out American's clean air and water.  You are no representative of the people.
It would be a shame if environmental protections are dismantled because you felt voting with your party is more important.
good job on the confirmation
listen to your voters or deal with there anger. You are not representing what's best for Nebraska or America. Say no to GOP!
His, and by reflection your, legacy will be air we can't breathe, water we can't drink, and soil we can't farm. Congrats.
partisan much?
Can't wait for his emails to be released. He won't last as long as Flynn. Need independent investigation! Sad
I know you're in Washington and getting disconnected from NE, but it's going to be 70°+ today. KXL is not supported. #2018
I think you have lost touch with Nebraska Families.  See you at your next town hall!
when is that Town Hall by the way?  You and @SenSasse are scared to face the music.
I would very much like to know this as well! Can't find out any info. What's up???
Another  to Master Trump.
I'll remember this when you're up for re-election.  Do you represent Trump or Nebraskan so
Bovine excrement!!  Don't see how you could vote for someone who doesn't respect the EPA.  Not representing NE's interests.
please take your twitter feed down you have zero common sense and do nothing for Nebraska.
May the Planet rest heavy on your soul.
This is the guy who wants to dismantle the EPA, right? Looks like you've sold out Nebraska voters once again. Nice job.
Pruitt is in bed with Big Oil and is a horribly unethical person. He will hurt us ALL. Your grandkids will not thank you. @SenatorFischer
Selling our future, by continuing to deny HUMAN CAUSED climate change, is making things difficult for future Nebraskans!
you don't represent ne you represent Republicans! #partybeforecountry
I'm not surprised by your statement. You won't be reelected in 2018. I'm still waiting for my email response from you also.
get in line. She doesn't care about her Constituency. Party before State. Screw the people who voted me in
Your propensity to rubber stamp inexperienced billionaires to agencies they are oppose is shameful. We demand a town hall.
It's 70 degrees. In Nebraska. In February. We're under fire warning because it's so dry. How much did Satan pay u 4 ur soul?
Satan didn't pay for her soul. She sold it long ago to The GOP and Big Oil. #VoteHerOut. #PartyBeforeState
And just sold out the nation! Get off Twitter & go meet with the people you work for! https://youtu.be/ZmIfQ5NBkrc 
I sure wouldn't be proud of that. Not a vote getter!
how could you possibly think that #pollutingPruitt was a good choice. You just lost my vote and the votes of my friends

1st u insure our kids r screwed with Devos. Now making sure clean air and water r not in their future. We need a townhall!
"I'm hopeful". Really. DO YOUR JOB and vote against someone who has his track record and ISNT in big oil's pockets.
2018
You are terrible at your job, which, if you forgot, is representimg the people of your state! We WILL fire you!!
your proudly announcing that you are not representing your constituents.
you just poisoned the aquifer.
Your short-sightness and disinterest in justice is an embarrassment, but glad to see that resistance is strong within NE.
The only environment you seem to care about is the land owned by your family. Can't wait to vote against you in 2018.
I can't eat the fish out of stock dams anymore because of pesticide fertilizer runoff. Nothing like hives all over.
you sold out, again. Another horrific cabinet pick for this sludgy swamp. Thanks a lot.
When millions of Nebraskans start dying from lung disease - this will be on YOU.
Doubt she reads comments as she doesn't seem to notice or respond to calls or emails. She's in her own little corrupt world.
I don't think I'd tell anybody that...I mean you act like you're proud. No ma'am you should be ASHAMED!!!
another vote that will hurt Nebraska and our country. We won't forget in 2018.
disgraceful
Who would swallow this bullshit? Your gene pool?
another rubber stamp. #SendFischerHome2018  #coward
Big mistake. This is not what the people wanted.  We will remember
Boo! Open a science book!
congratulations you just earned your competitor $100 and a vote in the next election
that statement is Similiar to other republicans I've seen. Changing State only. Shame! You are a sell out.
.@SenatorFischer I REALLY enjoy reading the replies to your tweets.
you are disappointing Nebraskans. This guy is terrible for EPA.
Explain to me as part of a NE family how my life has been made harder over the last 8 years because of the EPA. I will wait for an answer.
GREED is a deadly sin. #realnews
You worry me. #realnews
I'm very disappointed.  Rolling back regulations will save money now, but cost a tremendous amount in the future to fix...
The EPA is to the environment what preventive care is to health. Congratulations, you've sold out the future.  I will be voting against you.
please explain how life is harder for Nebraskan families? Other than not being able to fill all open job positions?
This shows you are not interested at all in protecting our environment.  Do you disagree with anything Trump has done?? #sad
You need to change your Twitter profile. You are NOT bringing Neb common sense to Wash. You are a sell out.
DISGUSTING pretending 2fight 4fams. U voted 2destroy ed &now environment. What future r u leaving Ne kids? A grim 1
Your descendants are going to pretend they're not related to you. No one will want that notoriety.
well there goes our clean air and water. The oil companies will love you. Do you really represent Nebraska?
Congratulations on another cowardly party-line vote instead of what Nebraskan's actually wanted. #Sarcasm
you again are a shining example towing the party line.  You should be ashamed.
Global Warming and watching our planet literally die before our eyes also makes life harder for families.
what you call red tape is what the rest of us call "laws protecting us from guys like Scott Pruitt".
what a joke. How much did they pay you... You will not be reelected. The people will no longer back treasonous politicians
You vote strictly along party lines every single time, then try to justify yourself with these pathetic "statements".
when will you hold a town hall in Omaha?
Could you cite instances of red tape that have really made our lives in NE harder? Nothing to compared to whats to come!
Very disappointed. You are lock step when we need a brave rational leader concerned about NE and willing to stand up for us
I've repeatedly contacted u opposing Pruitt. U do not listen 2 constituents. He is a disaster for environment.
2018.
You do realize that he is a climate change denier? And that climate change will hurt Nebraska farmers. Gotta see the big pic
Senator, R you reading these tweets? You will NOT be re-elected. You are risking your career to support a defunct presidency
this fool will do nothing to PROTECT the environment. Thank you Sen Fischer for killing Nebraska's natural beauty.
So you supported the guy who made his living suing the EPA?
I can't wait to vote for literally anyone other than you in #2018
barf
What regulation from the last 8 years has affected what Nebraska family?
it is just such a burden on Nebraska families to have clean air and water. Who needs that!
once again you neglected to listen to your constituents. What about Pruitt's conflicts? His climate change denials?
Just added another$100 to whomever runs against you. I am up to $1100 donation and unlimited volunteering.
well I like your vote!  Keep up the good work.
you're the absolute worst.
I'm so disappointed. The federal "red tape" is necessary to protect the environment and to protect us from ourselves.
Party before country, party before state, party before the environment, party before clean water.  Ain't that right, Debbie?
what is wrong with you? Regulations keep us safe! He's horrible and will ruin our earth!!
Senator, you look more pathetic with each passing day, with each confirmation.  What a sorry excuse for a "leader" you are!
does Nebraska sell corn, beef, soy to other countries? Hope not. The GOP is working toward a trade war. You are responsible!
Those regulations & red tape protect our air, water, land, health, lives, futures. But oil $$ is nice... #shame
disgraceful
.@SenatorFischer I hope you were well paid for selling our children's legacy to the fossil fuel industry.
we all know that you're more concerned about party not the environment! He was a horrible choice
Tragic and selfish. Erring on the side of the almighty $$ vs. pushing for a more reasonable EPA head. #Wrongsideofhistory
Yes, "overreach" that ensures clean water & clean air for all Americans. You are anti-clean water & anti-clean air.
It's not hard to follow laws when you've gotten rid of them all. :|
#thanku it's really cool for me to be able to so easily identify evil ppl #yes #sogreat #inspiring
YOU will own this destruction you are wreaking on our Earth. WE will hold YOU accountable!
so you approve of deregulating clean water for better business profits? Glad you thought the #FlintWaterCrisis was no biggie
Do you really think pollution is something Nebraska wants more of?
You should be ashamed.
FWIW, I’ll take a harder life if my kids’ families have a safer one with a healthier environment.
so he'll enforce the laws on the books while you slowly repeal them all? Got it.
your grandkids are gonna hate you.
Yay great idea. And all that fracking he pushes in his states hasn't caused any earthquakes at all.
