President Donald Trump says senators shouldn't leave town for August recess unless they act on healthcare. http://www.1011now.com/content/news/Trump-says-Senate-needs-to-work-on-health-care-435442393.html …

Looks like ppl following you on twitter wants you to vote no. Step it up! VOTE NO!!! Lincoln 68510
As a disabled woman, I implore you to vote no on the AHCA as it will make me immobile due to not having healthcare. #noonAHCA #pleasevoteno
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/888086303568535552 …
Say no once in your career! It's definitely right thing to do

They also shouldn't vote to repeal the ACA without being able to agree on how to replace it.
Just give all of us the same healthcare you all have. Done. I hoped you were one of those three brave GOP women to say NO to repeal. But no.
Thank you Senator.
Will you be staying in DC?
And will you be voting to repeal?
I'd like to know as well, but I doubt we'll get an answer.
Universal healthcare ...............
You acted wrong! Please work for Nebraskans NOT for the wealthy in Washington! PLEASE! Everyone deserves the dignity of healthcare!
You know he, however, is leaving town right? Why are you one of the few women in Congress so ready to gut care for so many? Disgraceful!
If you still intend to destroy the ACA you're going to be there a while.  We will fight hard for our healthcare.
We should be fighting the actual cost of health care, not insurance solutions. Hospitals and Insurance CO's alike are making record $ w/ ACA
Meanwhile I'm stuck here having been dropped 2x (couldn't keep my plan) & paying over 2x premium cost with a 3x deductible attached.
Awful lot of people shrieking about potential loss of coverage, ignoring actual losses everywhere around them. TY 4 facts. Considered #DPC?
While ur there, ask y trump won't pay livable wage & hire Americans 4 his resorts.Or produce trump items in U.S.  GOP only concerned w/greed
@1011_News So very disappointed in you for turning into a rino!Won't vote for you again!#NoTrumpOrOcare!We're broke, caring?
#FullRepeal #NoReplacement #FreeMarket  #UnitedForFreedom
Please go back to the way it was before and get government out of the way. Just repeal the ACA or let it die. You are doing a good job!

Hello Senator Fischer,
As a fellow Nebraskan I would urge you not to vote NO on the GOP repeal and replace vote today rather fix the ACA
.@SenatorFischer vote no on MTP; domestic equivalent of invading Iraq w/out plan for occupation http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/07/trumpcare-is-the-worst-designed-social-policy-in-history.html … …. @Indivisible_WA8
Vote NO on TrumpCare. Oppose any plan that leaves millions without healthcare. Reject TrumpCare and work on a bipartisan plan!!!
I've never looked forward to an election as much as the 2018 midterms
Deb, I'm floored. I can't believe you finally remembered health care.
Stop the partisan team Trump thing & work across the aisle to fix ACA. After 7 years with no alt plan, an Aug cram session isn't the answer
Medicare4All. It's time GOP puts U.S. in 21st century. 4 all talk ab jobs, employers would thrive w/o BS healthcare issue clogging business.
For the love of God, please educate this man! He thinks adults ages 21-70 pay $12 a year for insurance
Come home and talk to your bosses.
Y'all need to get your act together
Stand up for NE. Be Pro-LIFE not just anti-abortion. Create reform that helps and cares instead of a tax break for yourself. #healthcare4all
My wish would be for you to actually listen to and find agreement with the stakeholders that elected you.
Deb's afraid to show her face in Nebraska.
Jesus wouldn't care. All that nonsense about taking care of the poor is fake news. The real gospel is taught by Hannity and Trump.
Do not listen to these folks? Let's kick 70 million off their insurance and double killing brown people budget. Make that deal with Satan.
Are you for a repeal or working w Dems to fix #ACA??
What are you proposing?? You had nothing to say on this issue ALL summer! Now u speak out when u know u won't have to actually vote.
Have you seen the CBO on repeal only? @GOP has proven to be incompetent on healthcare. Fix ACA or go universal
Thank you deb for listening to the people of Nebraska. We want this bill repealed with a fiscally responsible, conservative bill. Thank you!
Single payer Senator! Not that hard!
Party over country. That is the most important thing to you. Screw the people you serve
Exactly. Because 7 years was not near enough time to create this bill but 7 years and 1 month is perfect.
If you guys done knock this out of the park the GOP will lose everything next election.
I hope this means you plan on working with Democrats to fix the ACA. Both Democrats and Republicans need healthcare.
Yeah!!!!!  Let's get something done!!!!!!!!!
Again... I don't really care at this point. Leave town or don't. I'm not voting for you
If all you're going to do is blow it up without a replacement plan, then please, take your vacation and get the hell out of town.
Will you continue trying to take control of the wombs of women? All n the name of your religious beliefs
You have my vote but @BenSasse can forget it.
Seems like 7 years is enough time to come up with some ideas. What is two weeks going to do? Or is this town-hall avoidance?
they did promise a Lincoln townhall in August when we asked last February.
How do you propose fixing healthcare? Any real ideas or just take a hatchet to the current system and hope?
Wow! Way to go Senator. An opinion for once. Maybe ask all 100 Senators for input.
Trump isn't one of your constituents. Tell us whether you agree or disagree that Medicaid shouldn't be cut?
Don't just repeal for the sake of coddling to POTUS. Work across aisle to fix ACA so good for all. 69341
7 years. You've had 7 years to come up with something. Ridiculous. Reach across the aisle and ask your democrat colleagues how you can help.
Pathetic
Weaksauce, Deb. You're obviously terrified of facing the 2018 elections without full support of Don and crew but your people deserve better.
@1011_News Guess u can come home then. We all know u will vote the way GOP says. Unlike @senatorCollins ur spineless 
Then. Do. Something.
Work with Democrats to tweak what we have.  This style of leadership is ridiculous.
Your agreement with this statement means absolutely nothing. Why don't you tell us how you'd vote, since you're so brave about staying in DC
You would have voted yes if that were the way wind was blowing, but you should thank your colleagues who provided you such sweet cover.
Hopefully it is voted down.
Thank you! Can no longer afford premiums and then deductibles are sky high. Healthcare is unaffordable  and Obamacare mandates kill jobs
I don't think a few extra weeks is what you need to solve healthcare!
Wonder if he will leave town again?Please don't vote yes unless you have to use the same insurance!!!
And the healthcare we demand you pass is single payer Premiums based on income Negotiate drug prices
