The people have been speaking loudly to you against DeVos. Listen or we will speak loudly again in 2018 at the ballot box.
The process has proven Betsy DeVos to be unqualified, unprepared, and bent on dismantling public education. Vote NO!
the process has proven DeVos unqualified, unprepared, and bent on dismantling public education. Vote NO!
after your DeVos statement I think you better keep listening. The public, all parties, aren't going away. New follow/watcher
The people also expect common sense and not business as usual. Voting in Devos will harm families in Neb and everywhere else
Mhmm you had one for Merrick Garland too save it for God .. he will judge your intentions ....
Agreed if a qualified confirmee is presented.  Vote no on DeVos. Your descendants deserve better.
STOLEN #SCOTUS pick #Merrick. You sat on your hands for 293 days. HYPOCRITE! Shame on you for this statement.
no disrespect, but the people voted by 2.8 million for Clinton. And  me who voted for stein wld have voted for her
just because Trump won the election doesn't mean the people want you to blindly support his decisions #noDevos
look at the love for public education in your great state http://iloveps.org  #ILovePublicSchools #noDevos
The people spoke and the Senate refused to do their job and even conduct a hearing for Judge Garland. Where were u then?
Urge you to not support Ms. DeVos for Secretary of Education.
This is your heart knock
Trump is a prosperity Christian; he is not saved
He is materially wealthy &  spiritually poor
The people are speaking to you now.  Be a hero, vote no to DeVos.  Her appointment would be DeVostating.
please think of Nebraskan children & vote #NoonDeVos. We need experience to make meaningful change
The people who voted did not give @POTUS a mandate. Please tread carefully. Put country before party. No on DeVos, please!
please stand up for public education in our country and vote #noDevos!
I BEG you to vote NO ON DEVOS today. The risks to our children and their future are far too great. Be brave. Represent us!
Please vote against the confirmation of Betsy DeVos. She is unqualified and unethical.
the people spoke in  the 2012 election first.  Unconscionable that republicans refused to allow a vote on Obama's nominee
glad you're listening to the people. Do you hear them saying DeVos is the WRONG choice for Sec of Ed?
And in the process, DeVos has shown herself to be a bad choice for Education Secy. Vote NO
Do you know what a hypocrite you are for writing this .. so much deceit ...
vote no!
You want to listen to your constituents?  They are telling you to say #NotoDeVos.  Please listen to them as they are to you.
As a music therapist that has worked in the schools, w/special ed, & teens w/mental health needs. We can do better. #NoDeVos
Actually the people spoke when they elected @BarackObama, who had every right to pick the SCOTUS after Scalia. #hypocrite
U've seen the conf pro for DeVos & u surely know she is not right for this ext imp position of teaching our kids. Vote NO pl
As someone from the state of MI, We have seen her direct damage to our educational system. Please #NoDeVos
They spoke in 2012 but you wouldn't give Garland a hearing. Shameful.
, respectfully, the people "spoke" by giving the popular vote to Hillary.
did you thoroughly vet DeVos. Her confirmation hearing shows not qualified. alexander Only 1 five minute round
The people are speaking now too. Plz listen and vote to #StopDeVos. Be thorough and sound for your state and the country.
the people spoke and Clinton won the popular vote. Vote no on Devos
The people spoke in 2012 too, yet the Republican Senate decided to ignore the constitution and #MerrickGarland 
#SCOTUS
the majority of people spoke by voting for HRC, Trump people registered in multiple states
hey remember that letter you sent me saying you wouldn't confirm Garland cause of the election, No on trumps scotus
Vote NO on DeVoss. Vote NO on Pruitt. Vote NO on Sessions.  SCOTUS nominee doesn't look terrible at first glance.
The people actually said they wanted a more liberal government. The electoral college said otherwise.
It wasn't a firm majority win, so people expect sane discrection...not a green light to anyone no matter what. 2018 is near.
People are speaking up NOW. Don't expect us to just vote once and then stop paying attention. It's a constant conversation.
The people also spoke regarding DeVos' lack of qualifications, but apparently the constituency's voice no longer matters.
based on the popular vote what you represent and want to implement isn't what "the people" want
now it's convenient to do your job? where was this understanding last year?
yes they did speak, and he lost the pop vote by 3million. Don't sell out to corporate interests.
do your job. Listen to your constituents. Vote NO on Sessions and DeVos
You didn't do your job a year ago! I think it will cost you in your future bid for re-election. You will NOT have my vote!
you had a responsibility you chose to ignore. #disappointedvoter
You mean the gerrymandered, suppressed, and Russian manipulated vote of 2016 in which POTUS loses pop vote? That one?
Millions more people want Merrick Garland.
Please try and look beyond party lines. This is not what the people want.
I think @tedcruz said there's a historical precedent for a smaller court. Let's keep it at 8. Smaller gov't right?
honestly, that logic doesn't add up for me... especially given the popular vote and republicans not respecting Obama admin
.@SenatorFischer The people spoke and elected Obama, yet you refused to accept his nominee. This is hypocrisy.
The people spoke in 2012. The Senate had the responsibility then to act on Pres. Obama's nominee.
Vote no on Betsy Devos for education Security. Our children deserve a qualified candidate. Plz care about NE  children.
the people did speak and 3 million more of them voted for Clinton.
Vote no on Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS unless you don't respect women. Come on girl show up!
Vote no on Sessions. We deserve better.
we absolutely did speak.  We chose Hillary Clinton.  The GOP needs a new argument.  Maybe one that doesn't undermine itself?
where was the commitment to that responsibility last year?  I am certain you feel the shame from the Founding Fathers.
the people voted 10 million more against him. You're going to find it difficult to be re elected.
Too bad you didn't show that same respect to #MerrickGarland
Shame on you.  The people spoke in 2012 also and you ignored your responsibility.  YOU ARE A HYPOCRITE!
the shameful disrespect you showed #judgegarland will not be soon forgotten by many of us in Nebraska.
the people DID speak and they said NO to trump. Remember, he lost the popular vote
Just like the GOP had the responsibility to confirm Judge Garland?
I think you meant "the electoral college" when you said "the people."
A responsibility based on … what, exactly?
Nebraskans have great public schools. Vote no on Devos or lose your seat.
The people spoke in 2012 and with the popular vote in 2016. We'll remember come 2018. Enjoy your one term.
you should've done your job a year ago and remember who won the popular vote. Why now do you care about doing your job?
The people spoke in 2012. The Senate had the responsibility then to act on Pres. Obama's nominee. YOU'RE A HYPOCRITE.
the people spoke 4 years ago. You stole this seat.
The people spoke before in 2012 and the Senate failed their duty to vote on a legitimate nominee almost a YEAR ago.
Vote no on Pruitt and Devos.  The majority of people did speak. Clinton 65,844,954 (48.2%) to Trump 62,979,879 (46.1%)
The people spoke before the election too. They wanted the process to work then, but Republicans decided to stonewall
the people spoke when Obama was elected and senate shirked its duty to consider his SCOTUS nominee. Hypocrisy.
With a quick and thorough confirmation process!  Thank you Senator Fischer!
Hi, Thank the Lord in Heaven we have Gorsuch....
#MerrickGarland
BS- the people also spoke in the previous election and the Senate did not do their constitutional duty.
the election before that the nomination was Garland and it was blocked by GOP. Good luck we want dams to block it as well.
the #ProLifeGeneration needs to know where he stands on Roe vs Wade
