What was said about single mothers losing their health care with a disabled child??
Do you REALLY believe Ivanka Trump can relate to the working families of Nebraska?? Really??  Probaby a waste if time but please #VoteNoBCRA
Ugh another sad example of how out of touch NE representation is. Fischer regularly ducks her NE constituents, who are actually informative
why are you asking Ivanka??!!! She has nannies and maids and secretaries..why not ask a Nebraskan wrking woman?
As your actual constituent, all I can say is this a joke?  Seriously?!
Really...because she knows the challenges of working families?!?! God I can't wait until you're voted out of office. You really have no clue
you two could actually care less for working families hell you don't even represent us!
What the literal F does that creature know about the subject. Pull your head out of her bank account and do your job.
I'm not sure what Ivanka would know about this topic....
Ladies--Michigan may have the Obamas at their opening football game. Let's have the Trumps at the Nebraska opening game. Go Big Red!
If you care please vote against the anti health care bill which will impact me and millions of orhers
Challenges is you! Stand up and vote NO ON ACA STOP HURTING US!
Because @IvankaTrump has perspective on working families in the United States? You're a fraud and I can't wait for the midterm elections.
She doesn't know half the shit the average Nebraskan family deals with, lady. Jesus Christ. What the hell?!
Seriously?!  Do you honestly think this is relatable to Nebraska voters?  #2018IsComing
If you'd like to know some of the challenges working families face I'm sure your constituents will share that with you. I'd go first.
I've offered many times, have heard nada. Which really ticks me off because I worked in healthcare for
How the heck would she know. When has she ever had to juggle a budget to feed her family???
WTF would she know ? ur ass kissing will be ur downfall
I am glad you got to talk to a privileged woman on challenges she has never experienced. You are the worst.
No matter how pretty, Ivanka is just trying to look like she cares! Stop selling Trump as you will be on wrong side of history. "Believe me"
Would you also meet with Barron if Trump asked you to?  They're equally qualified.
Leave Barron out of it please.
This was actually a compliment for Barron. I said he had qualifications equal to a senior advisor to Potus
Barron is young and should not be used in any analogy, compliment or not. Please.
For the family-simplify tax code, balance budget (& pass one), fix health care, reduce debt so we don't dump it on our grandkids.
Maybe hold a town hall to speak with real working families. And while you're at it you can tell them what is in secret healthcare bill
Wait, you said that with a straight face? WTF does @IvankaTrump know about the challenges facing working families?
If you care about women & families, please PROTECT free access to contraception!
Who allowed you to tweet this disingenuous nonsense? 
Of course! We have so much in common with her! Wish you would engage with constituents.  Lively debate is healthy in democracy.
Did she share with you what her children's roles will be in the Trump Crime Family?
@SenatorFischer maybe you should talk to actual working families in Nebraska.
Complicit
Senator, this tweet is beyond PATHETIC!  Get a clue and resign already!
I don't think Ivanka really understands what working families need. How I wish we had qualified people working FOR us
What on earth would she know about the issues working families face?
I would love to attend an open house with you and hear about this discussion. I am a Nebraskan and a working mother. #TheGoodLife
I'm sure he Ivanka knows  quite a lot about the problems working families face.
Have you met with @SenateMajLdr to discuss the disastrous, secret healthcare bill?
Working families in your state are telling you to protect and improve their healthcare and the environment
How exactly is that going to help the working families in Nebraska? Please speak with constituents or parties with experience
Does she know anything about daycare providers who haven't had raises in 12 years b/c d/c costs are already a burden for their families?
Gee, Deb, did you talk about healthcare? Or did you pat them on the head and say "Don't worry, our secret committee will take care of you."
You seriously asked the woman with millions of dollars and nannies about challenges facing working families? Best joke I heard all day!
Did the significant financial challenges  working families face of being uninsured or having pre-existing conditions come up?
Stay strong you are moving Nebraska in the right direction.
No one knows the struggles of the working family like the daughter of a billionaire.
Dear flyover state Senator...who gives a shit what you or she thinks?
Did you discuss the importance of health care for working families? Or the workers who will lose their insurance due to your plan?
One of those challenges is affording health care for our children. Did you talk about that?
Well, Senator? One of your constituents asked you a question...
Did you meet her nannies?
Did she say anything about the struggling families working in her Chinese sweatshops?
how to make them more difficult??
What does Ivanka know about struggling families? Please enlighten us, please!
This Nebraska voter wants to know why you are talking to her about working family issues? She is not qualified. Talk to working Nebraskans.
You should be working today on healthcare.  Do not vote for the mystery GOP bill. NE is asking you to protect our healthcare.
Are her kids in daycare?  A nanny doesn't count. Has she ever taken the bus?
Maybe you should ask someone that has to actually work for a living.
LOL
Do tell the insights @IvankaTrump had on challenges working families have. Or you for that matter.
@IvankaTrump would know about the challenges facing working families how? Complete joke.
IVANKA & JARED WILL BE GOING TO JAIL. THEY HAVE PARTICIPATED IN RACKETEERING AND NOW YOU HAVE AS WELL.
HOW CROOKEDLY DECEITFUL FOR YOU TO PRETEND!!! ONE LIE MEANS THERE ARE MORE!!!
SO, IF IVANKA WAS FIRED, HOW WAS SHE AT A MEETING TODAY??? OH, THE TRUTH IS ALWAYS REVEALED. YOU DEB ARE A BULLY TOO.
You people with your big money trying to rule the world!!! IVANKA HAS BEEN FIRED!!! WHICH IS WHAT SOMEONE NEEDS TO DO WITH DEB FISCHER!!!
what does Ivanka Trump know about the challenges working families face?!?  You ever thought about talking to a working family instead?
Yes! Really concerned I won't have health insurance after the Senate gets done with secret meetingds. #ShowMeTheBill
THAT'S CRAZY!!!
That will take small businesses right off the map. They will not be able to do that. Oh, wait... THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE TRYING TO DO!!!
Please. @IvankaTrump is not at all qualified to work in the WH & knows nothing about us working families.
Senator, you may be the first of all us to know - what the heck is her job, and why are we pretending she's remotely qualified for it?
