Agree.
His resume is not all true. You forgot why you all wanted to go to Washington for.Who sent you there
Unbaised?  As none of the Senate Republicans where in denying to consider a nominee for a year?

And yet..
Few Recall Gorsuch’s Volunteer Work at Harvard https://www.wsj.com/articles/few-recall-gorsuchs-volunteer-work-at-harvard-1486342894 …
#Maddow
Maybe you should think of what the voters want Not what you  want. #votedebOUT
no to Devos
well you cannot confirm him based on his record - look at two disability cases
unbiased? He said a corporation could hold religious values? How is that possible?
Wish those were the words we could use to describe our President.  Egotistical, maniacal, unhinged
& will crush woman's rights. #Resist #StopPresidentBannon
HAHAHAHAHA, based on your record, you know nothing about these traits...
unbiased??  Surely you jest!?  Personal religion above law.  Gorsuch hates Roe v Wade. That's extremely biased.
then why did he pad his resume?!
Impeach Trump b4  he gets us all killed.Get Bannon out of the WhiteHouse& fire liar @KellyannePolls

We don't want Trump's nominee. Why don't you listen???
Making laws based on religion is NOT AMERICA!!!
There's no such thing as an unbiased Justice. Stop smoking crack.
Senate 44 the same
how about knowledgeable?
call the vote President Trump needs his cabinet let's go people get to work
Should Sharia Law be practiced in the US? Can anyone answer me?
Right.  Unbiased. If he was unbiased, you would have NOTHING to do with him.
Yeah Right an 'Originalist' determining Corporations ARE People Too! Is that what Founders wanted?? @SenateGOP @SenatorFischer @DailyCaller
none of gator. Boys picks
Describing Judge Garner??
Liars. Hypocrites.
you forgot to include Republican

Do you support following the rules? That would be nice, as this is a stolen seat and you and all GOPers know it.
any judge is just one ruling away from being called the"so called judge" by President the Donald.
Please say No to DeVos!
Say yes to Gorsuch, but say NO to Devos! She will hurt our Public/Rural School districts!
I voted Republican, but won't again if you don't know how bad DeVos is for Rural Schools! Just say N
You should have been thinking of this when you STOLE Obama's #SCOTUS seat. Real Americans noticed.
Reasonable question: What remedies exist today to reel in SCOTUS and how do you see them working
The fallacy I see here is that the Supreme Court votes according to the desires of the voters. Not
Unbiased? Oh yeah, the GOP doesn't consider  Gorsuch's anti Black racist past to be a sign of bias.
please give us one example of him siding with the middle class over big corporations?
Merrick garland fits these qualities that Americans value! Unlike your bias, "yes-man"!
Merrick Garland fits the bill.
You mean Merrick Garland, right?
lost all credibility by retweeting anything from @DailyCaller.  #fakenews #resist
more uninformed  democrats. Gorsuch was unanimously voted in present job by the 1's opposing him now
only a negligible mind would assume any human being is capable of being unbiased.
@Senatedemocrats which leaves out Gorsuch.Women's rights will not be taken away period.Gorsuch believes otherwise.
Merrick Garland fits bill nicely.
#TheResistance
Like Merrick Garland!
same as was in Obama's nominee except you never even listened to him.  Needs to be blocked!
that would be Merrick Garland!! 
Deb Fischers opinion means nothing to Nebraska after her support of DeVos! No judgement whatsoever!
Like Merrick Garland?
