Did you buy some nice clothes with the FIFTEEN THOUSAND DOLLARS you took from the NRA?
as a Nebraska resident, I ask that you take action in wake of another senseless shooting. We NEED sensible gun laws.
when will you listen?
How much have you received from the NRA in campaign contributions? You should state that every time you tweet these prayers.
When do you wake up and realize prayers aren't working!?
DO SOMETHING
Screw your prayers.  You bear some responsibility EVERY time this happens.
It is time for action and to do something about gun violence in this country.
so devastating as you cash the check from the @NRA. Or was that cash? Thoughts and prayers will probably be fine
hey Deb, so you're going to donate your 15K NRA money to hospital/funeral expenses? Great! #thoughtsandprayers
the victims and their families wish you had taken a stand against the gun lobby. 
#DemForce
Hypocrite. How's that money from NRA feel in your pocket?
You do not get to send thoughts and prayers if you do not STOP guns from getting into the wrong hands.
Prayer is good but what they really need is for you to not take money from the NRA and tighten gun laws.
Prayers without action to actually fix a fixable problem are worthless. Get into another profession and stop destroying USA
your thoughts and prayers won't stop this from continuing to happen.
you took $14,560 from the NRA DEBBIE- stuff ur prayers! You caused this and support this! You have blood on your hands!
how about not being a shill for the NRA.  That would be worth more than your empty sympathy for the victims.
you show what hypocrite you, taking donations from NRA but then want to send out sympathies to victims of your policies!
.@SenatorFischer Instead of prayer, how about dealing with gun violence in this country.
prayers are not enough. We need legislation regulating firearms.
When you receve bribes from NRA you are not allowed to express sadness. You are the cause
you can't be too devastated with all that NRA  you got.
ok so are you going to stop taking blood money from the NRA and act to close the gun show loophole? No? I didn't think so
Those who take NRA money (you) have blood on their hands. Your thoughts and prayers are cynical and meaningless. Take action
Maybe you shouldn't have taken blood money from the @NRA YOU FALSE CHRISTIAN

You arte not praying, NRA goon.
prayers aren't enough. We need stronger gun reform. Stop taking $ from NRA. Your bias is showing.

As my elected Senator, you need to be doing a lot more than praying for victims. RIGHT NOW
Stuff your thoughts & prayers. Be a rationale adult, not an ostrich (or NRA lapdog). Enact proven, incremental solutions.
Coward!
You took over $14K from NRA.  That makes your 'praying' facade kind of weak.
You've paid for support from the @NRA by making atrocities like this one in Florida possible. Shame on you!
Because the NRA paid you to keep guns available to killers. You did this.
Kind of early to make that political point isint it.
do something then. Or just "pray"
That's OK, your NRA blood money should help you sleep at night.
What did you buy with your $14,960 from the @NRA? Something nice, I hope. A permanent reminder of the blood on your hands.
"thoughts and prayers" achieve nothing. You took nearly 15 K from the NRA, you are part of the problem. Sickening.
Your hypocrisy is stunning. NRA funded must take responsibility.
NRA patsy - you have blood on your hands.
How about doing something about guns instead of fucking praying?
you're so fake, hilarious
praying for more guns?!?
And what did your NRA God tell you in answer to your prayer?
How much money did the BRA pay you to allow these murders?  You have blood on your hands.
Instead of "prayers," how about you actually do something about guns? You guys throw out prayers like candy. Doesn't work.
Any plan to actually do anything about it? 6 shootings in the first 6 days of 2017. Your prayers aren't doing anything.
Action Senator Fischer...what will you do after you have said "Amen."?
I assume your prayers are with the NRA as well. after all they paid you
How much money have you received from the NRA? Prayers don't work!
Hi Senator, maybe getting these guns was easier, cause you made it so. Thoughts & prayers save NO ONE.
DO SOMETHING, Deb.
Do something about guns. Prayers don’t seem to be working.
REAL ACTION is needed.
