.@SenBobCorker As disappointed as I am, can't cry over spilled milk; however, we need to start seeking a responsible representative for 2018
Agree
Disapprove of your shutting down Sen Warren. Watching you like a hawk from now on.   Good luck in 2018. You'll need it.
Somebody needed to shut her up!
Glad your seat is up in 2018. Traitor.  #voteEmOut #TheResistance
That's disgraceful. Just learning this today; pretty disappointed in Corker 
thanks for maintaining these relationships
We said No; you didn't listen. Enjoy your remaining 636 days in office, senator. #WeSaidNo2018 #NoDeVos.
good fore play.. before el presidenta'
Too bad you'll probably have to mop up after Trump, countless times.
maybe you should remind our new President.
absolutely stunning you would support DeVos for Education secretary. I will do anything i can to unseat you in 2018. shameless
Canada's Chrystia Freeland met Foreign Relations Chair @SenBobCorker yesterday. Meets Rex Tillerson today  
I enjoyed meeting with Canadian Foreign Minister @cafreeland this afternoon. Canada is not only our neighbor but a close friend and ally. 
I've never been more ashamed of my state than seeing you and Alexander bowing down this week #StopDevos #LetLizSpeak
Having the great mass of Canada as friendly and a good trading partner is just plain Yankee  smart
#votenosessions
For now...Trump seems intent on making enemies of friends& friends of enemies...
As a republican I look forward to donating to ur dem opponent in 2018. U have shamed us all. #StopDeVos #VoteThemOut
No dem stands a chance in TN. Instead send your donations to campaigns for vulnerable dems and flippable Rs.
Can't wait until you're voted OUT on your ear in 2018!! #rememberDeVos #rememberin2018
@gmbutts @cafreeland Bob don't be suckered by these Liberals. They despise the President. Remember many Canadians love Trump.

After 38 years of #repression #misery, #IranianPeople are writing to you hidden behind their papers. #talkaboutthem @Iranncorg @PahlaviReza 
Hopefully there is an intervention to get her the rest and health check needed
Vote no on Jeff Sessions. The Canadians would approve! Fight white supremacy. You can do it!
I can't find your tweet offering sympathies to Quebec. Are we not supposed to talk about that?
Canada has excellent public education for it's children. You've ensured America's kids won't get the same chance.
She is very charming, but Justin Trudeau's government is a walking Gong Show, full of left wing nutjobs
Canada is a compassionate nation. What is you vision for the US, Senator Corker?
, why r u so anti RUSSIA? RUSSIA has saved Syria from the mess that the west created. & can help fight ISIS
and after the mosque shooting Trump's disgraceful comment, "why should I care about muzzie Canucks."
GET UR TAIL UP TO DC & REMIND ALL AMERICANS HAVE FREEDOM OF SPEECH, WOW DJT IS MAKING DARN SURE NO GOP B REELECTED
hope you enjoyed your term. No mention of DeVos? The one topic your constitutes didn't ignore.
you sold out our kids for your own political interests. Shame on you for confirming DeVos. You are both unfit for your jobs.
we'll see how long that lasts with orange orangutan and the spineless GOP.
You have been incredibly disappointing to me.  When you were a freshman, you were a reasonable Repub, now just another stooge.
hope you apologized for @realDonaldTrump who has failed to publicly mention the tragic massacre in Canada.
an intern stated that trump said "why should I care about muzzie Canucks?"
Cob Borker @SenBobCorker
enjoy your last term!
Shame, shame. Voting against children =  unelectable.
Please Mr/Ms Intern that's sending these tweets!  Tell Bob how pissed of TN is today!  Read him the comments.#duty
When will you work on getting us healthcare? You said you & @GOP haven't even started working on it? Shameful.
maybe you should come home and do a townhall. Find out how out of touch you are #seatsupforgrabs
I enjoyed meeting with Canadian Foreign Minister @cafreeland this afternoon. Canada is not only our neighbor but a close friend and ally. 
remind the Cheeto @realDonaldTrump of that fact please.
you let us down today sir. Shame on you!
you know what is nice about Canada? They seem to love working class children who need public education #unlikeyou
But for how long. Europe is not banding together against the US bigot. What other countries will be joining them?
Senator Corker, I am truly disappointed in your lack of courage re DeVos. I do agree w your respect for Canada.
And led by a leader who welcomes refugees.
I cannot wait to vote against you in 2018
@gwbled @cafreeland  great job on confirming a nominee who will create madrasa's as our public school option. I voted 4 u
bob time for you to put Tennessee first
enjoy while it lasts pussygrabber puppet
#rememberin2018 DeVos
did you brag about bypassing the constitution to give Obama a pass on the treaty clause?
poignant
really DeVos? What is wrong with you!
See what can happen when good neighbors spend their time building good relations AND fences? Mexico please move on from 1848
maybe he can teach you to love American again instead of money
Canada will take in so many Muslims, we'll end up with TWO 3rd World Countries on our border.
you really screwed up when you voted for DeVos today
Cob Borker
