So many great organizations are helping. Our family has donated to three of them: @TeamRubicon, @DirectRelief, and @TXDIAPERBANK.
Dude, we're trying to be better than DT...can we not with the "T&P" trope?
Poleni saana nduguzanguni wamerika!
@RiettieAdam @billclinton prayers goes out to everyone
Thank you!
Bill can't you do something about the human slaughterhouse murdering victims
Bill the human slaughterhouse is murdering voting Democrats we can't let this keep happening The murdering has to stop
Dear Mr. President, 

Could you please speak to current POTUS & give him some pointers? He's having some trouble getting the hang of things.
Including Donald?  This whole thing has been terribly inconvenient for him.  A true selfless victim. (yes, that was sarcasm).
#BubbaCut statement of intent to Steal Raping & Stealing for the #ClintonCrimeFamily & future failed candidate @ChelseaClinton
Gracias!
Thank you, Mr. President, for your well wishes. Houston will endure
O da
Coolsville Mr.P 
Vote and support David-Adams-for-Florida-Governor 2018
epitome of leadership and compassion, same goes for @BarackObama - sadly we're stuck with somebody who's a disaster himself 
Especially the interns... Really worried about the interns.
well put, Mr. President. from a Canadian who cares deeply about the USA
WHERE is Keya Morgan,Bill,where is that pedo theif???
You have no idea how many times I've wished you were the one wearing the #flotushat the other day. #WhoWoreItBetter
My thoughts and prayers also but who cares what you think Bubba!
Thank you for caring
Love ya Bill, but "thoughts and prayers" is a bs line.  I don't pray & don't believe in yours so let's find something else Ur a smart man...
Thank you Mr President! We miss you kindness and compassion!
you and @BarackObama and #georgeWBush should stop by to offer support.....show @realDonaldTrump how a real President behaves :)
Yes this is how a real president behaves
Clinton didnt hint about wanting to bang his daughter. Nor did he every say anything like grab em by the pussy Don't act like trumps a saint
We need you to match the president's donation to help the victims. It's returning some of the favor. 
Thank you @billclinton you were and are an amazing president that others should aspire to be! Can you please teach @realDonaldTrump?
May Allah bless them all
WHERE is Keya Morgan with MY MONEY and JUSTICE!?Dora
...And THAT (Mr Trump) is how a  president writes a sympathetic tweet to the victims & rescuers of a disaster!
What has the Clinton Foundation done to help out?
Ditto from another Hustonian
Houston underscored the need for true leadership in our country! Please continue to stand up for all of us ! We miss u Mr Pres!
http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Clinton%20Dip …
Hey @billclinton, plenty of young women with nowhere to stay. May want to look into that.
my thoughts and prayers are with the people of haiti after the clinton foundation disaster relief money didnt get there.
Thank you Mr. President. Obama and yourself showing how to do the job
God Bless all the people who won't be recognized for saving lives and those who are. All those affected.. our hearts are with u.
Thanks Bill. You're a swell dude 
Me and my family are praying for the people in Houston Texas
莱温斯基最近怎么样？最近有没有联系啊？
What about those millions u stole from Haiti
Bill, help raise money for these people. Put your prayers to practice.
I haven't heard one thing come out Trumps mouth for all the help everyone needs in Texas, all the volunteers that have done an awesome JOB
No but Trump sucks
Ok, how much is the Clinton Foundation donating to the victims? You have millions  from the Haiti Relief fund that you didn't use on them.
The whole Clinton family needs to go into the woods and stay there. They are toxic parasites.
Hope they all turn out ok
Thanks Bill, Sure, Why not,  you are our US President. My thoughts and prayers are with the people hit by Harvey. Nice to see  Presidential
Nice 2 see a caring Presidential figure,  trying to comfort the US in the wake of such tragedy
See how this guy didn't mention the size of the crowd?
Thank you sir! You are awesome.
Please donate some speech money.
They're still pissed your Wife called them Deplorables.
Thanks Yous
Same thoughts and prayers you had for the Haitians?

Watch the lady Kiss our much maligned @POTUS at the 6 second mark. So beautiful! 

#SundayMorning 

…
Did you figure out how to make money from it yet?
How about some money
our thoughts r with everyone caught in this terrible storm & people from the US, Mexico & Canada who come to their aid.
Amen!!!
Those are the sentiments of a true president
Thank you for your thoughts  Mr. President.
Well atleast your husband has some decency. Can't say prayers to texas yourself. Have to retweet your husband.
Amen
Why don't you get with your wife and take her somewhere where nobody has to hear from neither one of you ever again.
ونحن ايدينا مرفوعه الى رب السماء لينتقم ممن دمر بلانا وقتل اولادنا
@HillaryClinton 
Now thats"PRESIDENTIAL"thats how a PRESIDENT should B-ACT&TALK-AS ALWAYS PROUD OF U MrClinton GODBLESS&THANK U
@HillaryClinton 
UR 1OF THE PRESIDENTS AMERICANS CAN B PROUD OF ALL U DID 4R COUNTRY NO MATTER THE MISTAKES U STOOD TALL THANKS
Still living in bills shadow I see. Keep those RT coming
Bill, send some disaster pop up homes like you promised for Haiti; that you bilked donations and never provided! Shame on you!
THE CLINTON'S FAMILIES HAVE BOTH ATTEMPTED TO CASH IN WITH BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES IN HAITI, WHILE THE HATIAINS CONTINUE TO LIVE IN RUBBLE
This looks like a perfect job for the Clinton Foundation.
You worship Satan, so your "prayers" won't be needed.
Thank God for #45
You could care less.Ur wife controls u and sets up your sexual encounters w/threats to innocent victims.Shame on you Never were my president
That's Presidential and heartfelt, respect Sir
The folks in Beaumont are without water.  118,000 people affected.
If you had an ounce of empathy it would be fake, do not think people forget how you 2 bitches got rich off of Haiti 
U have not EVER prayed for anyone.  U R going down & will expose U 4 all your rapes of the young underage girls! Remember that Island?
Did you match Trumps 1 million!?

Thanks
Thoughts and Prayers.
If only Hillary were President. 
Back to the Woods Bit*H!
merci Mr le président vous avez été un président exemplaires a la tête des État unis que Dieu vous donne longue vie et santé !!
God bless your family's benevolence. It's a scary hurricane I believe the citizens and people affected will come out stronger!!!
@billclinton what is your thoughts on on trump and what he is doing
Or install the elected President in office where she rightfully belongs?
God take control
William boy this isn't Haiti its Texas no money here to be made by you
How much $$$ is the Clinton foundation going to donate?
@KimKardashian Amen
Like in Haiti ? #ArrestBillClinton #ArrestHillaryClinton #ArrestChelsaClinton #ClintonFoundationSlushFund #HaitiHurricaneScam #MAGA
Hurricane Harvey survivors you are in our good graces
Thanks for being presidential!
Meanwhile#trump is eating buckets of,making a few bucksselling hats & thanking"HUGE"CraigslistcrowdsPaid for by you
@cnn
Thank you President Clinton. We know you mean it, and you're not just reading the words from a prepared statement! We love you and Hillary!
This is what a president is supposed to sound like!
@HillaryClinton
Mr. President, is there anything we can do to have trump evaluated since his son Eric went on Fox News yesterday & said he was suicidal?
Amen
You're just thinking of getting some of that money
Stop pretending you care Mr Rapist!

You got that
h hipmn l.   @#mx.    On njnijhlg
Wish you all were in the WH, thank you
Laura Silsby on the ground working for You? She did a great job for you in Haiti
Donate your own money
Ralph, we all as men make mistakes "ain't saying he did" it is time to be kind and thoughtful of humans in Houston. Please help if you can!
Please go away with your "thoughts and prayers."
Help us, please
I can actually see the bullshit coming out of your mouth...Amazing!
Why happen to the clinton foundation given money to the people of Houston
We are in Bangladesh affected by Flood. We need your help Sir Clinton. 
It's my email address,  utshob2012@gmail.com 
Please help our people
I've wondered how you are all doing.
Where's his personal donation at?
What a disgrace to humanity!!!
How sad, you will be forever remembered as the man that had sexual relations with an intern in the Oval Office
For every dollar you give to the Clinton foundation 1cent makes it to its intended purpose
That is absolutely not true!:Why does everyone cmst9
Thank you from HTown.
You are heartless, all "care" was burned in your yearly homage to Moloch during the Cremation of Care
In his continued effort to help @billclinton will provide shelter for any attractive woman between ages 22-35.
Cv
I still wonder why everyone calls you a rapist Bill ?
How thoughts & prayers for your sexual victims?
You will always be my favorite President Bill
Amen
Thanks President Clinton. Love ya!!!
Ok now Monica get off me im trying to type.
God bless u
Please watch venezuelan political hurricane. Thank you
I love president Clinton and president trump both president almost the same policy I feel sad for president Clinton have the deadly waif.
How standard is that?
Surprised you haven't setup a fund yet to syphon relief money from Texas. Oh yeah, when is your statue coming down?
Send some cash to JJWatt's charity from the Clinton Trust Fund Foundation. Thanks
http://www.cuddlespoons.com  is #BaytownTXStrong
انا دأسنان أخصائي جراحة فكين عمري ٤٧ سنه وقادر على تقديم الخدمه الطبيه دأمين
thank you Mr le président
Because we pak national know how to help people during natural disasters.we face hurricane every year in our country and we help our selves
#Trump2020
St. Thomas VI is devastated and they need lots of help.
How much have you and Hillary donated? Or collected on pretense to help?
Anyway I thought George W Bush was the worst president ever boy was I mistaken you know I do pray for our nation
How about you sending money u have left over from ur foundation ? U only build 4 homes in Haiti. Should b plenty 4 Texas
You were  awsome present
Your thoughts and prayers you gave also to the people of Haiti- You ran the relief efforts, and you ran away with BILLIONS of donated money
SEND MONEY..IT IS THE BEST YOU TWO CAN DO..THANK YOU
Give us a break slick willy
how much did you donate from your "foundation?"

hello
Aren't u secretly happy these hurricanes might depopulate a bit the earth? Thelema. Lucifer. Fraternis Saturnus. Aleister Crowley. HYPOCRITE
