Education is Key to stop the hate. Change the curriculum in our schools now. @realDonaldTrump https://twitter.com/forpotus45/status/901087408971763713 …
Your an amazing an beautiful woman Betsy, thanks for all that you do!
So, what I get from that is that you are another racist in the Trump white house supporting white supremecy with vague statements of blame.
I blame the politicians and police for being unprepared for this demonstration! should never have let the two groups near each other
lol I blame trump.
Of course u do ! How surprising!
Of course she should because of Trump's rhetoric they believe it's safe for them to show their hatred!
And show me the rhetoric that supports white supremacy! Put up or shut up!
Well, watch the rally footage and you'll hear the rhetoric.  If u read DeVos's tweet, that's what she was referring to.  Or are u in denial?
Why no response?
Lol because I put my phone down to clean out my upstairs hall closet.  Yeesh.
Who regulates what is taught in our schools? They need to take a good look at it. Morales and values gone!!
It is disgusting.  And it's been brought out by the person leading our country.  Hate is alive, well and acceptable under this government.
We need to investigate what our children are being taught in schools and colleges. Why is Antifa so prevalent in college
A factor contributing to the decay of our youth is brainwashing they get from radical leftists of the 1960s who are running universities.
You had to google the civil war?  Too much private school?  I learned about the civil war in public school.  Imagine that!
you have used your position to fight against diversity and inclusion! This is the result. Take some responsibility!
What about your hate-filled rhetoric for LGBT students and their families?
Not
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
Yeah, well we all know she wasn't hired for her qualifications.
Are you disgusted by the defense of that behavior from 45? #noracism
can you say who led the rally or be gutless and protective of the KKK, White Nationalist racists? Why not?  Gutless
both groups came prepared with shoulder and knee pads and helmet and sticks! both are despicable
So neo-nazi's, nazi's, white supremisist are same as women, men, children. They didn't drive car in to protestors
No violence is violence and I condemn it all! As did president trump
But yet you don't condemn the alt right. Why?
Then U must be devastated to learn that your brother won't be paid $10 biilion to fight America's wars w/ Blackwater. Missed a big payoff!!
In order for your tweet denouncing the "behavior and hate filled rhetoric"  to be represent your opinion need to call out @realDonaldTrump .
It's called RACISM perpetrated by WHITE SUPREMACISTS! Why is this difficult to say? BTW are you disgusted by Trump's hate-filled rhetoric?
But at a historically black college in Florida, you tried to twist the  college into being "Choice". Pure BS. The two have zero in common.
I'm disgusted by you!!
I'm disgusted that you are for lifting appropriate consequences for sexual assault on campuses.  May God rebuke you!
Tell the man who hired you that! @BetsyDeVosED @realDonaldTrump #Harvey2017
But you must be stoked that like you they are also ANTI-LGBTQ!
It's not enough - To be effective you must call Trump out by name for his stand with White Supremacists/Nationalists and all they represent
Say it. "White supremacy & nazism is evil and intolerable." If you don't say it, you support it.
Yet. You're perfectly fine with protecting the accused in On Campus Rape Cases?
Teachers are using our children for their own agenda. Parents should have a say in what their children are taught!
Look into this crap! Save our kids, NOW!
When will we be able to express our liberty utilizing School Choice with Vouchers?
How about the hate-filled rhetoric by the president - are you disgusted by that?
I'm disgusted that you're still in charge of education.  Go read a book that WASN'T written by Joel Osteen
Uh huh sure. Then RESIGN since your boss is OK with it.
Do you condemn Neo Nazis and KKK and Alt Right?  Say the words or be one of them.
Betsy D..  please hurry up and defund CA communist schools. They are creating insane young people here, and taxing us to death
I thought "hate-filled rhetoric" was a requirement to your position?
You should also be disgusted by the behavior and hate-filled rhetoric displayed at Trump Tower last night.

Resign and save face.....your working for a lunatic on a sinking ship.
Your tone Deaf responses are par for the course for racists& bigots... U  found your lane..just like your murdering mercenary brother Prince
Your wealth U believe gives u the MISTAKEN belief in your Own right2rule.mrsDevious. it Doesn't!
@BestyDeVos  Jim Crow... inferior education...
@BestyDeVos do this country a favor, have every school system teach "real American history". Maybe, people won't be so ignorant. Slavery...
Much of that hate filled rhetoric comes from the WH! Shame on this administration. #25thAmendmentNow #Charlottesville
I am disgusted that parents have to buy double school supplies to stock that classrooms, your job honey
America is upset about #Charlottesville.  We are upset about YOU knowing nothing about education.
How do you suggest we discuss white supremacist violence, nuclear war, and civility with our children in the age of @realDonaldTrump @POTUS?
So many words with more than two syllables! Way to go Betsy!
They had torches of fire, Betsy. On the campus chanting Nazi words of violence to students.
You guys should call out every racist #Antifa, Black Bloc and BLM they are all super racist including the KKK!
https://twitter.com/Limbaugh2016/status/896942689790373889 …
....HATE-FILLED RHETORIC *OF NEONAZI WHITE SUPREMACISTS, WHO SUPPORT TRUMP.* AND YOU ARE #COMPLICIT. Resign. #CharlottesvilleVA
What about when a man grabs a woman by the puzzy?  Does that disgust you too?  NOPE.  Are your grandchildren proud of you? NOPE.
Yet your policies support segregation and refuse to stand against civil rights violations. You are a fraud. Resign.
what about your hatred toward disabled students?
Who cares what you think,blood on your hands also. "Fulfilling Trump's promises "
Resign
Would you be issuing such a statement if the group had been Black Lives Matter? Probably not.
Isn't bear hunting or something her job
Just as we're disgusted with this admin. Now what?
Don't be vague. CALL OUT WHITE SUPREMACY for what it is.
To which "side" are speaking of? 

I adore how this admin has generalized the whole event and has yet to acknowledge anyone has died
You're as bad as Trump. vague, useless statement. Did u realize that as sec of the edu, you could allocate $ to teach kiddos not to hate?
Shame on u Paris!
I'm upset u retweeted the woman who is single-handedly responsible for the destruction of our brown/black youth's future education.
Well, disgust alone doesn't change a thing. Don't count on 45 to be a part of the solution to the hate he promoted though.
YOU NEED TO DO BETTER THAN THIS!!!!
Common Trump administration!! How hard is to use the word KKK, racists or white supremacist?
It is called WHITE SUPREMACIST can you say that?
What about your behavior You lied U said & ran on stopping Common Core & U haven't done one thing to fulfill your promise write White House
are you disgusted with Nazis Betsy? Name where the hate is coming from and denounce Betsy or you statement is meaningless
Finish your sentence: "I'm disgusted by the behavior" shown by white supremacists in an act of domestic terrorism that resulted in death.
Why?
Be specific.
Call it out Betsy.
Nice vague statement...are you referring to the white supremacists, or are you vilifying those who stand against them?
But you're not disgusted with the whole racist rhetoric of the administration. Girl sit down
I'm disgusted with your desire to destroy public ed in the name of your crackpot religion. Please resign and go back to Amway
And yet you work for the worst and most bigoted prez in US history. Hypocrite!
Don't be a coward...either call out the white supremacists by name or be still and support them through your silence.
Well then that makes us even because we're disgusted by YOU @BetsyDeVosED! #KKK #racism #nazis #terrorism #charlottesville #callaspadeaspade
These are YOUR people!!
Why didn't potus condemn white supremacists Betsy? Why didn't you? Is it because you are one? Is it because you need their support?
Your phony billionaires club of an administration is destroying everything in your path & its orange messiah leads this racist cult! Own it!
LOVE is always BETTER than HATE If you LOVE Yourself there is NO Room in your Heart for HATING Anyone Inter I LOVE ME DAY APRIL 30#SELFLOVE
So you should support public education & courses that teach anti-bias. Do you? Have seen nothing on this from you. In fact it's the opposite
You are only in your job BECAUSE of these people.  Your behsvior is equally corrosive.
Given her track record, I'd say she's referring to the counter-protesters.
I agree. She's like Sessions, racist & all for taking our Constitutional rights. They want an ignorant obedient zombie nation to control.
By whom? Too scared to call the white supremacists out? Those are your people!
Displayed by whom, m'am? Can you say the words "white supremacist"? "neo-nazis'? "kkk"? Or do you need a dictionary?
#DemoRATS #PAID2HATE
How do you feel about the Nazi who mowed down 14 people with his car, killing one?
Be specific lady. By whom?
Shut up, @BetsyDeVosED
You picked sides a long time ago. That you have *anything* to do with educating our children and our future, is an affront to decency.
You're talking about the behavior displayed by white supremacists, of course. Say it, Betsy.
You are the epitome of what those white supremacist stand for. Your family fuels that hate. Support public education not private hate.
Racism isn't rhetoric.  You know what it is.
Trump did not speak out against mosque bombings, and his comments today were weak.
You support Trump therefore you are a racist. Resign now.
A little late to be jumping on the bandwagon of condemnation. Where have you been for the past several months?
And we're disgusted by your very weak denunciation of white nationalists, some of  which attend our nation's educational institutions!
That's okay, you'll be in jail before you know it. #moneylaundering
And her mercenary brother, I'm sure.
You do have nerve for a liar
No one believes you.
Girl  You're a racist too. Surprised you weren't carrying a tiki torch yourself.
The racist bigoted kkk/nazis group aka @realDonaldTrump supporters caused 3 deaths & 30 hurt & he couldn't muster up an f-ing condemnation.

Shame on you... shame on all of you-- Shame on your pay-to-play, Putin conspiring, corrupt, racist, ignorant, hypocritical administration
Empty words......

I see you won't call it what it is, either. Nazis-white supremacist. WTH is wrong with you people?
Betsy you and every other Trumper are going to be in jail or exiled from this country soon, very soon. You disgust us decent Americans.
Screw you Betsy! You and your whole "right wing nuts" caused this!
Vague enough
@BetsyDeVosED "You are one of them!"
And HUMAN beings are disgusted by you!  Resign
you know what Betsy shut up...disavow the Nazis call this terrorism like it is but otherwise shut up
But the hatred and violence that your brother is a part of is totally fine? Too little too late. Your family is part of the problem.
Enforce civil rights in education or you are the same as the nazi filth marching & killing in Charlottesville.
You want to destroy public schools and your brother wants to privatize war for profit
You and your collaborators in this administration are DIRECTLY responsible for the racial violence happening in #Charlottesville.
Look in the mirror and tell Mr Trump to do the same! This administration is responsible for what is happening.
Really Betsy. You who promote hatred by disregarding civil rights in the school system. You are as phony as they come!
No mention of alt right white supremacists. Just "rhetoric." That's not the statement of s devout Christian.
The only thing that disgust #betsydevos is when she can't make a $$$$ off kids. #TheResistance 

I am not surprised that this Amway grifter
& #DonTheCon refuses to condemn their core supporters . #TheResistance
That's very surprising since you are a willing collaborator to a Nazi POTUS with Nazi staff in White House.
I am disgusted by you and the rest of the greedy unqualified and bigoted cabinet DJT cobbled together. Resign
Right. Sure you are. Yet you're perfectly ok with school age children being ridiculed & discriminated against on your watch.
Say "I condemn white supremicy".
She can't because she lives by those beliefs. Paris is also someone who sucks up to white supremacists aka the Republican base for 
Sad :(.
My goodness, Betsy!  You actually spelled every word correctly.  I'm amazed!
Someone else probably typed it.
@PARISDENNARD So take action
Your donations paid for this!!
The administration that you are part of has given these haters the go-ahead they've been waiting for. A tweet won't fix that.
Are you?  Because if we allow $$ for private schools, tax payers could support a "Nazi School" or any bigot school u want.
Thanks for sharing. How insulting to our intelligence. Your ed philosophy is a breeding ground for racism and elitism.
You nor DJT or GOP should call it what it is: nazi white supremacy. @GOP @GOPChairwoman
say by whom Betsy. Do you approve of Nazi terrorists spreading their racial and anti-semitic hatred? If not say so clearly.
By the Nazis & white nationists, right?!
I'm disgusted that the president hasn't denounced the alt-right violence.
That's his base and Betsy's.
White Nationalists. Nazis. Alt-Right. 

Call it by its name.
Hate filled rhetoric by whom?  Your friends are white Nazi supremacists. Be disgusted by THAT if you want to call yourself an educator.
We are DISGUSTED WITH YOU & your alignment w/@POTUS White Supremacist cabinet. UR racist agenda 4 R kids is part of problem!
I seriously think Trump needs to practice what he is trying to PREACH ?
When are you going to 'begin' to make waves in the 'Failure of Education' in America!!!
I'm disgusted by your behavior and uneducated voice.
Really? I'm disgusted by the behavior and hate filled rhetoric displayed by YOUR Boss and #GOP. NOW you disapprove?!  #Charlottesville
You mean the behavior of the trump supporters?
Or Clinton and Bernie supporters who attacked Trump supporters? At a ratio of 9:1
Their emboldened display is one result of the bigotry and hatred preached by the administration to which you belong. You're all disgusting!
I'm disgusted by the behaviour and hate-filled rhetoric displayed by the Trump administration
Then why won't you speak out against discrimination in your precious charter, private, and religious schools, BETSY!?!?!??
I support public schools
call it what it is - white supremacists and domestic terrorism.
I hope you can start cleaning house on all educational institutions that you can
DeVos playing from same songbook as Trump. Say "White Supremacist rhetoric ". You can do it, quite simple-copy&paste even. #Charlottesville
You & your boss own this hate. @realDonaldTrump  squirted out this nasty cheez. Let him try to get it back inside the can. #kakistocracy

YOUR boss @realDonaldTrump embraced and emboldened the alt-right psychos during his campaign. Tell him thanks a lot for this mess!
You and @realDonaldTrump perpetuate this behavior and hate filled rhetoric! #RESIST #Charlottesville #LoveTrumpsHate
https://youtu.be/Ic1yRK5Ld0s 
You should have left it at this, although you didn't condemn the White Supremacists.
But won't condemn white supremacy because will upset the lowlifes that support you You are a disgusting person
WHOSE behavior?
Say white nationalists. Say Nazis. Say terrorist attack. This is worthless.
We will note, that much like @POTUS , you're vague on which side you're disgusted with, and history will show.

It comes down to education - and you are destroying our system of education.
Shut up. This administration has encouraged this.

