You should really think about not cutting funding to education so Dept of Ed can properly assist impacted schools...
Once Mrs. DeVose gets done rooting out all the fraud, waste, and abuse; the current budget will be more than enough and then some! Time.
Nope. DeVoss is converting schools into AmWay distribution centers and Christian madrassas?
Christian, God and prayers, BACK in schools; HELL YES! Would teach some of these entitled little pricks some manners and respect!
Which "Christian"? Kick out the Mormons? The Catholics? Obviously you want Jews and blacks gone.  Who else?
I WANT ANY religion in the United States that DOESN'T WANT TO BEHEAD ME!! Just F@CKING GET ALONG!!
So ALL Muslims are out.  If a Christian just wants to blow you up, is that OK? Or does Fox® pick and choose who you hate?
So you, with open arms, would allow Muslims to live in America seeing what they have done to Europe?
@BetsyDeVosED Why can't a football coach employed by the education system pray publically?
Because it's against the law.
A law banning public prayer? Constitution grants freedom of worship/speech. U publically announce praying for victims of hurricane, legal?
Constitution provides separation of church and state. Constitution provides separation of church and state. Understand?
Really? Where is that in Constitution?
Hahahahaha! What a moron! https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Separation_of_church_and_state_in_the_United_States …
Nope, read your Wiki link. Separation of church and state not in Constitution. Instead, there is Freedom of Religion prohibtng  gvt meddling
You do understand how you just supported my position and not your own? Probably not.
We need school choice! California is teaching homosexuality & transgenderism in Kindergarten. Parents can't opt out because it isn't Sex Ed
This has been happening since 2015 since we lost in the courts. Parents are not notified that it is happening. It's now part of curriculum
The Department of Education's twitter handle is "Used Gov"?
US Ed Gov. That's hard to understand?
So do you comb the Internet all day to try and explain old posts that were obviously sarcastic?
No but I definitely have more time on my hands since liberals bankrupted my sml anti smoking biz with a 40% tax. Made me not like liberals.
I'm sure you do. Also, I didn't ask.
Gosh, I was sure your previous tweet ended with a question mark. Public schools huh?
Perhaps you could use your new allotment of Internet time to study of nuance, satire, etc.
Don't you mean you stand ready to close impacted schools?? You are not qualified to be in your position . You know that. We know that.Resign
You pray?
.. stop your war on public schools .. elitist!
We are all praying you will resign. #StopBetsy
No....WE aren't.
Betsy DeVos will be ending the Obama-era rules on campus sexual assault, do you agree or disagree with her actions? #StopBetsy
You mean you are ready to close down the public schools and reopen as charter schools so that you and your cronies can make $$ off of this?
.. and let educators who know about education make the decisions ...
A bit hypocritical ms. DeVos since you're actively working to close public schools the rest of the time.
She just ment the "good" private schools, not those silly public ones where just anyone can go.
Of course she does... bless her cold privateering heart.
Libs have bitter issues. Can you imagine if the right was as critical of Obama or Clinton. The blowback would of been worse then it is now.
Bwahahaaa... you are seriously saying that the "right" took it easy on obama? 
Our prayers are for you to resign
Why?
as long as you are for #MAGA we support you even if it means exposing these Losers who don't like you 
God Bless you
Why do you even pretend to give a shit?
I can only say, Betsy, you have your job cut out for you considering what has come out of the school system so far. God bless you!
God bless you for all you do for the children of this great nation.
Kind of reminds me of Joel Osteen sharing his prayers and concerns while the doors to his stadium (church) were locked to hurricane refugees
you are doing a great job mam we know you love your country stay strong we are praying 4 you
Stop praying and do something useful
You mean the schools for white kids, right?
Scientists have proven Betsy DeVos is not human.  She is a swamp creature who thinks Rape Is Good.
Your prayers are with @potus who grabs women's genitals against their will.  That's why you support RAPISTS rather than college women.
Don't pray. Get off your ass and help.
you will destroy schools more than any hurricane, stand down ...
We need preschool for all children. Look at countries like China who start actively teaching at 1-3...that's their kindergarten. #education
Why don't you use some of yur billions & offer $$ not just prayers. Prayers don't buy food & gas. You gave $500 mil to Repubs. Help Texas.
Galveston will survive #HurricaneHarvery . We may not survive #HurricaneBetsy
Betsy is a joke.
Don't pretend you care. Just don't. 
#DevosHatesPublicSchools
Don't pretend you know better. Don't.
Not sure what that even means. You're pretty inarticulate.
You are a liar. Never a republican. A loose cannon not aimed at anyone but yourself. Education wasted on you. Big mouth bully.
#HurricaneHarvey is NOT a hurricane. It was downgraded to a Tropical Storm which is quite normal for tropical areas. Media+weather panicked.
Amen!  And may the sinners drowned. AMIRITE?!!!!! PRAYERS! #MAGA #TrumpTrain
Good --resign
#DumpDevos

your Tweet was quoted by @USATODAY
Prayer is fucking useless.
God Bless you, Betsy. Keep up the good fight.
You have my full and appreciated support Mrs. DeVos.
@KeithOlbermann needs stronger meds. But you rock, Betsy!
keep up the good work Betsy
you may be one of the worst humans on earth
Apparently your god is responsible for this.. so what's the point of prayer.. kind of a catch 22 for u guys no?
keep up the good work, so sad poor excuses for mankind like@keitholbermann use up good air.
Thanks for your support!
not to change the subject or anything, but isn't this your brother?

Help by stop cutting funding to the schools
Maybe they could use some shotguns to keep the alligators out of the schools?
thank you for caring and thank you for your service!
Please look Iowa  college professor who will  shame white students.  We have lost all common sense.  Please help
Good to hear, thanks Betsy 
Prayers = talking to an imaginary dead guy to fix your problems.  Give me some of that fortune you have tucked between your thighs.
How can you say that you are ready to assist schools when you are actively trying to destroy public school unions?
What if they are schools that have transgendered students?  You turned your back on them before, why not now?
Please don't touch our schools
And as usual, praying gives you a feeling of contributing without contributing anything at all.
prayers? Aren't you supposed to be the head of Education?
Please go back in to hiding.
You're #unqualified for the job you have. Do us all a favor and don't try branching out now to disaster relief.
You want them to learn Bible Math, which is utter bullshit.  Resign.
Since when did you start caring about schools? Or are you only talking Dutch Reform Private Ones?
You couldn't care less if you tried about the affected schools. Stop your gratuitous bullshit.
No one needs your fake prayers we need you to step down as an uneducated education secretary
You are creating a huge negative impact on schools much greater than hurricane Harvey with your misguided privatization policies.
Criminal administration
Thank you!
yeah, praying will sure help.  and you know that, from all the schooling and whatnot.  Heaven help Texas, because our government is useless.
DeVos' plan for food-impacted schools: Turn lemons into lemonade by using it as a fun way to teach about Noah's ark.
How? Defund them more? Replace them with Jesus? You can't pray these floods away, and you can't distract from the damage you want to do.
Betsy step down or resign you are a threat to our public school system you are more destructive than hurricane Harvey
Prayers don't pay the bills
Including Public Schools? Harvey's victims will recover faster than the long term effect of your right wing policies on the poorest children
Why don't you go devastate more schools live you've done to Detroit? You're another underserving, unqualified donor appointment
We stand with you Betsy DeVos in your concerns in Texas. I pray you be protected from Keith Olbermann the foul Detroit low life criminal.
Privatization of public schools doesn't make them public...it makes them private and the rich people of this country already have that
Platitudes from the person tearing real schools apart is so refreshing. Your family should be proud. ..sadly they're not
Prayers are useless, stupid. This is a cash or nothing situation.
You going to close public schools & turn them into to charters so u can make more $.
Please resign.

Vouchers for all, let them eat cake!  #25for45
Betsy, you are a disgrace to our educational system.
You're destroying our education system and you will be held accountable when the law comes down on your manicured and coiffed self. Justice
You must suck at praying

Thank you Betsy. America needs more  classy women like you. #MAGA
Please keep your "prayers for privatization" out of #hurricaneHarvey Betsy.
Evolution is real science, & Creationism is not backed by any science, right Betsy?You are nothing but a rich evangelical white supremacist
#god made the Heavens and the Earth
How much is the DeVos family donating to Houston? Or are you just out to fleece the country for all you can?
Noone cares about your bs statements. We know who you are .we are coming for you and Trump get ready for prison. Lady
Bots pray?  You don't have the brains to tweet.  You are a spoiled rotten wealthy elite female forcing your misguided ignorance on youth.

Hey useless billionaire lady why don't you donate millions of your own money to help people in Houston? Prayers are backed by action.
to help schools, first you resign Betsy
Please pray for the hurricane to immediately vanish.
The best way to help schools and schooling would be to run you, Trump and your crazy brother out of town
You are doing a great job. Please don't listen to all the cry baby snowflakes they all need fresh huggies and a binkie.
You should go for a swim in the ocean off the coast of Texas !
                  
Your family is worth literally billions of dollars.

You send "prayers".
Betsy -you should not have this job! You are an insult to the Department of Education! assistance you offer should be looked at w/ suspicion
Nobody believes you.  #resign
Think you need to get an education
Thank you Ms. DeVos.  Try to ignore the nincompoops, especially the certifiably insane ones like Olbermann's combative and foul emissions.
thank you for working hard in the Trump administration Betsy!
Unbelievable that sending out prayers results in replies like this. Lucifarians at work all over
Amen Betsy
What about all the students and educators faced with the wrath of your incompetence? Resign. You bought this job.
Hey there LC. Send me some pics of you topless. Hot body boner time.
Oh no no no.  We don't want you in our schools.  Texas already has a mess thanks to Abbott et al.
This is becoming to m this lady shows that she has a hart and is people
There are people who really care forv those who are in such a terrible situation
You are the only clear and present danger to our children's education and future. Oh yeah and your coldhearted boss
By shutting them down and privatizing them?  Texas public schools, we stand with you.
That statement is unbelievable coming from an administration trying to destroy our school system.
Hey when it's all over you can just slash their funding give em a voucher Betsy # shame
Ignore the idiots Betsy. They can't help themselves.
Thank you for acknowledging how serious this is. Too bad @realDonaldTrump still hasn't figured this out.
But only charter and private schools, right?
Cheap sentiments.
GrifterSister - trying to make Dept of Ed into a pyramid scheme like AMWAY BTW I'm sure Houstonians cant dry their tears with your prayers.
Bears can swim, just in case you forgot.
That's funny, because the hurricane is betting that YOU will harm schools more than it ever could.
How? By making sure they DON'T get ANY of the resources they need? How very trump of you.
Really? Just exactly what do you think you could possibly do? Nothing! You are an effete away queen-go back to your pyramid scheme!
What do you mean by "our?" Leave me out of this.
thank you for caring & being there to support. So proud of the work you are doing to improve public education
Which means suspend education and get slave labour.
Thank you Betsy.
You don't give a crap about schools- and your fictional sky genie isn't going to help.
You're a terrible person & I wish you & the rest of this fraud of an admin were the ONLY people in the path of #HurricaineHarvey
Bears! You should keep your focus on bears! 
Thank you for your prayers.  Rain is not letting up
Stay out of this, you'll only make things much worse for Texans. You're the biggest failure ever as Sec. of Ed.
Will you help impacted schools from failed charters you refuse to shut down? Many victims there
Oh you're going to give them school vouchers too
Even the public schools that you seem to turn your nose upon?
Keep up the good work, god bless!
If you really want to help American schools - RESIGN!
How much is your billionaire family personally donating??
Continue lifting, like teddy. I'll be choosing organizations to donate to.
But money is only for the people who rise through meritocracy doncha know!  Ayn Rand told her so.
You're incompetent.
How? By replacing with your crap voucher programs?
Keep funding for our schools and remember even poor children deserve education and healthy meals You are among the wealthiest not all are
What's it like to realize that @realDonaldTrump hires only the greediest, most incompetent and immoral people?
