DeVos voucher plan would exacerbate educational inequality | TheHill
Voucher programs are why @BetsyDeVosED was hired... The old way doesn't work anymore!
She wasn't hired. She bought her position.
Disgruntled teacher?
betsy never worked as a teacher, never went to public school or her kids
I care not that she wasn't a teacher and don't blame her for not putting her kids in the failing public schools. Our kids need choices that
vouchers can achieve. @BetsyDeVos can make a national voucher system a reality and our kids will benefit greatly. It's why she was hired!
Show us proof. Everything I find that isn't total right wing Heritage Foundation BS says the exact opposite.
@BetsyDeVosED Please get to the part where all kids get a voucher to attend the school of their choice!
Great and therefore she's committing to funding summer programs for everyone?
Would that summer reading program help the kids or the teachers? Kids don't need a program or a teacher to read...
Awww she cares so much for children.   *cuts 8 million from the budget
and cut "may no child go hungry"
Hey! She doesn't have the book facing her this time! That's progress.
She's hoping the kids will read it to her.
Summer slide wouldn't exist if schools could go year-round. In MI, home state of @BetsyDeVosED, GOP has hamstrung schools from doing so.
"...and the evil bear hid all the pencils from the clueless civil servant."
Donald Trump Could Make Schools More Dangerous | Teen Vogue
Trump’s Education Budget Feeds School Privatization At The Expense of Students http://bit.ly/2uWE0gH  via @BillMoyers
please address this; its epidemic now ;it has to stop. they need therapy not a sex change . @APA is run by liberals!
@BetsyDeVosED This really stinks:
Since Heyns' research decades ago we have known that cause of summer slide is lack of access to books, & libraries = the cure.
This is a joke.
Every one of these children will have to go in debt to be educated. DeVos will make sure of it, she even hold interest in a collectionagency
How'd those heels hold up in the grass? All for appearances, and we all know she bought the position, family "donated" plenty to secure it.

Hun its Aug 3 school is starting soon, kinda of late but you should of started in June but no wait you were on vaca
Betsy, when are you getting rid of Common Core?  I want to help my grandsons with their homework. Must change soon please!!!
Is there any diversity in that group of kids?
#shesapieceofshit
What is she reading?  How to find a rich husband?
As she cuts crucial programs designed to fight that very thing. She's entirely unfit for this position. We spend $8 million for photo ops!
Another worthless photo op.
Meanwhile MD Gov pushed back start of school till after Labor Day, seems beach revenue is more important
And on her off time the pond scum goes to cible study with this guy.
It would be more effective to avoid DeVos' education destroying policies.
Betsy DeVos: Glorified Library Volunteer
@BetsyDeVos is reading to kids now and talking about the importance of avoiding the "summer slide" 
And I'm sure it's painful for all.
She is reading outside because she is not welcome inside an actual school.
Nice job when school starts next week in many parts of the country. Late to the game as usual @BetsyDeVosED
Before this idiot was appointed she thought the summer slide was at a playground #repealandreplacetrump #EducationCannotWait #Impeach45Now
Thank u Betsy! We must talk about the importance of avoiding the pitfalls of life/darkness, Love of God & 2Love their brothers. DoRightThing
This true teaching of our young Would make America great again! Inspiring the dedication, Love of life w/mature thinking of our forefathers
Hmm since you're cutying funding for the #DoEd those summer slides will turn into all year slides for non-wealthy public school kids.
Cutting lol ... Stupid autocorrect
keep cutting after school and summer school programs and you won't see a slide.....you'll see a falling off a cliff...
How is there summer slide with homeschooled  kids??
Dude, you scared me!!
What she means by summer slide is that we MUST be ready for grizzlies regardless of the season!  #grizzlies #bearattack #pleaseresign
We are trying to avoid the GOP #paytoplay and #gerrymandering
Trump donates $100K to Dept of Ed. Only $9,199,900,000 to go to make up for his $9.2B in proposed education cuts.
Maybe she'll donate her salary too
A sobering look at what Betsy DeVos did to education in Michigan-and what she might do as secretary of education -
Trump's Education Budget Would Hurt the Working Class - The Atlantic
For rural America, school choice could spell doom
The DeVos Dynasty: A Family of Extremists -
Oh please this is just DISGUSTING!  @BetsyDeVos - Grade F - she should go back to reform school!  Complete mockery of education.
Why don't you talk about your non support of sexual assault survivors on campus!
In August?
She is s threat to children everywhere
Really to avoid her "slide"... pathetic!
As if she'd effing know. Gotta love these PR tours she's doing. Too bad she's actually useless in her position.
Maybe if you and your Orange buddy stopped trying to axe funding for after school and summer programs for youth, less would slide. #resign
You mean you're not teaching them how to sign big checks to get jobs they aren't qualified for? #BoughtYourJob #NoVouchers #FundPublicEd
