Then why do rich kids get better facilities, books, teachers, etc. Nope. Shut down all private schools and you will see real change in Ed
Ohh suddenly you care about children? Vouchers aren't helpful to children. Please leave. You're not educated enough for SoEd #ditchdevos
How about protecting them! Shame on you!
Obviously Mr. Rauner U have NOT done your homework concerning Ms. DeVos and her lack of experience.  We are asking her to resign cordially.
You have not put children first until you get rid of common core and the trash that comes with it. Get it out of our schools.
I am all for positive change, but Betsy Devos is not it. She bought & paid for her position without any real experience now the kids pay.
If you want to put our kids first, you'll support PUBLIC EDUCATION.  SHAME on your lies!
How can you even write this when all you have done is fight against funding for education?
He's a politician. It's what they do.
But who gives a damn if they get raped, right? Rapists have rights too..
You gave in! Why please try to help the majority  of us understand
Common Core is cultural marxism 101. Repeal so I can teach w/ a clear conscience.
History will record if you are tough enough to enact changes necessary to bring this country's Ed. System back from 37th nation to the top10
The Governor is right -
Commercializing education is a threat to your future income as the generations get dumbed down further & further
American Taliban Betsy wants to see women punished for going to college by allowing them to be raped by white Christian boys. #txlege
You will lose if you run for reelection.  The people of Illinois deserve better than you and Rahm.
I have never seen you post anything positive about public schools. I went to public school now I teach for the district I attended.
Why do you insist on diverting funds from American children in public schools?
Abolish the 'teachers' unions, shutter all anti-American 'educational' institutions, ensure American laws enforced in IL, then I may believe
Such a lie
Rauner just finished killing off IL. Already seeing people exiting. Illegals will own IL. Hope @realDonaldTrump stops Federal  funds!
IL was dead before he took office.
Rauner signed SB 31 making IL a sanctuary state allowing ILLEGALS to bleed tax payers dry. Hope @POTUS cuts federal funds!
Diverting public funds to for profit charters doesn't  benefit IL students it benefits IL elite. Cutting PE & Drivers Ed was not the answer
I have to believe that signing was the end of your political career and is only designed to harm organized labor. So long Mr One Termer.
Sorry to see that you decided to support your business friends and help give them cheap labor by making us a sanctuary state in essence.
Our kids, or the foreigners soon to dwell in their new "sanctuary state"
Signing #TRUSTAct puts you in non-compliance with Fed Law. You're breaking the law @GovRauner and I think it's time for a change on 11/6/18
You must be proud for exposing American Citizens to more crime and forcing us to subsidize them. The real hard facts https://cis.org/Report/Welfare-Use-Legal-and-Illegal-Immigrant-Households …
.@GovRauner Do Your Job. https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C66wE_2UwAETi5v.jpg …
He did what you wanted him 2 do. Speaking of doing one's job what have you 2 say about your precious Democrat majority since 2002 & this?
Tried 2 do something about the financial death spiral but IL will continue to burn. Will B retiring 2 a taxpayer friendly state #byeillinois
Explain how taking away pe, drivers ed, and money from public education is putting the kids first? Teachers will remember this come election
Teachers & Illinois voting tax/spend Dems are what caused IL 2 be the worst financially run state in the first place.
15yr Democrat majority
Blame the teachers for politicians stealing pension money for over 20 years? They've fooled you. Check your soul if you blame education.
Well when they keep voting in the very same Democrats that tanked this state and spent the money that could go to them, yes!
Severance packages for broke public pension/retirement/health ponzi scheme plans and leave education to families!! they are looting the fund
This Governor is breaking immigration laws of the US. Criminal....
please change parties...the crazy violent democrats will welcome you.  You are the problem - thank GOD I do not live in your state!
Traitor!!
as a white male the system is broken because of madigan and the legislators he controls
could have done that by not vetoing SB1
Good point.
Having suckers to pay for it is more important.  This sucker is selling and moving out of this horrid state ASAP.
your ego seemed more important a week ago...let's stop with the bs...just do your job.
Uh, isn't that what he just did? According to what you think doing his job is?
his office is constitutionally required to present the state assembly with a budget...don't they teach that at home school?
He did, both years by the deadline of March, do your homework before trying to get smart.
not what your chart says...
... except tax cuts for your rich friends and vouchers that divert needed funds from public schools.
Except funding charter schools and diverting tax dollars from public schools...
Charter schools are a positive step forward, otherwise poor kids have to go to failing schools.
We should focus on making schools great for all kids. Also, charter schools do not have the same amount of accountability but get public $
try telling that to the parents who can now give their kids a better future. The problem is so bad that it won't be fixed any time soon.
How about you try telling that to kids like my son who needs special education and will never be accepted into a private school!
Like I said vouchers are a step forward. Not perfect but it makes life easier for many parents.
