We hired an attorney yesterday to help our daughter.  Above average intelligence but because of her dyslexia she is in 3rd grade reading at a kindergarten level.  It has to stop.
That is such a common occurrence in public schools.  Because of the bureaucratic dinosaur it has become.  There is no reason education cannot be personalized to the individual.  Vouchers are starting to bring these innovations that the bureaucracy can’t.
Vouchers wouldn't help with that situation. Private schools typically don't offer those types of services.
True... sometimes.  However with better voucher systems innovation will increase in the private school community.  That or the public schools need to go back to more specialized programs as well.
Public schools do have specializations. Mangnets, etc! I work at the fine arts magnet in my public school district. We offer tons to students
Agree. But Magnets, etc only serve a limited subset of students.  EVERY child should have this opportunity... not just a subset. There definitely is innovation in SOME districts.  The more choices the more opportunities :)
I don't think the parents who apply for these vouchers fully understand the effects they have on students with no other option than public school.
We are formula based here in Florida. Schools get a per-pupil amount.  School Choice (within the district) allows for schools to compete for that student... and even public schools out of district. But here, they don’t. Or don’t do a good job.  And they only allow a certain #
My son received special ed. services. He is an accomplished musician and is getting B's at Northern Michigan University. Sometimes a little boost is what a child needs....and a very compassionate teacher!
If my child was having problems I would find a great music instructor and get them private lessons.........brain therapy!!!!
"Low Expectations" are NOT the problem. What an insult to Parents & Teachers! LOW BUDGETS are the problem. #SpEd parents are LITERALLY TOLD by District Admins "we don't have to provide a Cadillac, a Chevy will do." #StopCommonCore in Special Ed it makes it even worse!
#Autism
of course, here we the gang mentality which permeates some schools.   That needs to go.
How about if we teach all students, about how the USA treated the Native Americans, for starters, and move on from there!
Children with special needs deserve someone who actually knows what they are talking about heading the DOE. You are an unqualified joke.
Good PR try.  You do NOT advocate for special need kids.  You support no further funding to ensure they succeed.  You are a pretender and you must think we are stupid to believe otherwise.
You're the minimum. Wait, not even. #FireBetsy
If you care so much about education of students, you and your family, who owns many politicians, donate some your money, as a write off,
Or does your family own Corinthian college FRAUDS, let's keep getting rid of the watch oversights, so this insanity can and will continue
Does the Failure of Donald Trump University Lies and Fraud ring a bell with you, just to mention one of his Scams, You must b OK with that
Ok so there is now no minimum???  What then???  I guess I'm a bit slow!!

Register to vote. Get two friends registered to vote. Throw a voter registration party. 

At the end of the day, this administration is bad for you, it’s bad for us,…
She literally cut millions of dollars in funding for Special Education Programs. I truly do not understand how - in support of education - you could use your paper that is designed for educators to give her a bigger voice.
What's her angle on profiting on it personally?
How did @BetsyDevosED justify this statement when her charter school and voucher endorsements drain money away from special education.

"In college, of course, students have to flourish without constant supervision. Although charter students are admitted to college at higher rates than students from comparable public schools, their graduation rates are dispiritingly low."  http://ow.ly/qs4k30hb1B4 
She’s a fake. She is not an educator. 98% of teachers love their jobs and spend hundreds of $$ out their own pocket for school supplies. She is evil and needs to go. Another one that’s not right for the job. (Zinke,Pruitt and Sessions)
And yet you are for vouchers that take money away from the schools that provide services to these students. Most private schools won't even admit them.
All of our kids r going to have special needs if we don't get rid of vaccines + fake food. Our kids need education on survival. There should be a food forest at every school that the kids manage all year long. School should be limited to 4 hours a day. I hour devoted 2 gardening.
Strawberries, raspberries, apples, peaches, plums, almonds, walnuts, mulberries, blueberries, chives all perennials all easy to grow hard to kill food that lasts a lifetime. Teach to harvest seeds, grafting + water conservation thru mulch of grass clippings + leaves. No chemicals
"Betsy DeVos has rescinded 72 policy documents that outline the rights of students with disabilities as part of the education administration's effort to eliminate regulations it deems superfluous."  You are speaking out of both sides of your mouth.
Agreed, but when special needs students are forced into standardized testing that they are in no way capable of doing, there is a serious issue. That speaks to funding being the primary concern, not the child with special needs.

https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-education-loans/u-s-not-granting-loan-relief-to-defrauded-students-inspector-general-idUSKBN1E52RB … @BetsyDeVosED This  Really #Maga Huh? You Are a Real PIECE OF SH*T Sick That @GOP RAMMED You thru #Pay4Play Job UNQUALIFIED To Even be Around our Kids @realDonaldTrump a Admitted Sexual Predator Who Endorses a #ChildMolester That you SUPPORT 
If you are so 'concerned' with educating special needs students, how about thinking ahead. Read my next tweets regarding how the Republican Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will affect those students who have become adults, like my 65 year old developmentally disabled (from birth sister).
Wow! What a dried up old hag.
There’s no way she wrote that. She’s too dumb.
The minimum isn’t an option, it’s her policy

Your best joke yet

Bored billionaire, no experience in education, gets to play dress up at the cost of a nation.
Who the hell do you think you are?  You got rid of guidelines that protected our sped kids!  Jesus Christ we will have a massive mess to clean up when you are removed.  http://SHAME.ON.YOU ! It wasn't bad enough you ruined education in MI, now you infect the rest of the nation
You look really sexually satisfied when you deny loan assistance to college students seeking graduate school. Your rich husband gets off on that huh
But yet she destroys the protections for those most vulnerable students.
Can’t wait until your in children’s history books as the worst women to ever serve in the US government 

Your disgusting
Did the largest conversion of a public school to a charter actually reduce the options available to parents and students?
.
My Blog at:
https://www.opednews.com/articles/A-Very-Different-Definitio-by-Carl-Petersen-Charter-School-Failure-171204-587.html …
#SpecialEducation #CharterTruth

New: Betsy DeVos wants to expand school voucher programs throughout the U.S. Get ready for that list to include schools that promote Scientology. http://bit.ly/2nQtDcq 

https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/scientology-schools_us_5a2d8b9ee4b069ec48ae4109 …. #lieslieslies
Can’t do that with a cut budget. It don’t work that way.
Did any of you know?
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/education/wp/2017/10/21/devos-rescinds-72-guidance-documents-outlining-rights-for-disabled-students/ …
About damn time!
Heres the real agenda of Trump DEvos

What is an IEP?  How and why is one written??
What is FAPE and why is it important?
What is a 504 and why is it important?
Riddle me this: Why do you hate public schools and public school teachers??
Ms DeVos what is the IDEA again??
Creationism does not belong in school!
DeVos approves @mieducation ESSA Plan that hides state assessment results of 2/3rd of R kids w/IEPs! She is vile!
No, Betsy would prefer to exclude students with special needs!
This I can support
SHAMEFULLY turning a complicite blind eye!
Sitting in SHEMEFUL silence!
She just sits COMPLICITLY by in silence!
Bold statement around "the minimum." When will she advocate for full funding of IDEA?
I got one am in your corner @BetsyDeVosED  Make America’s education system great again!
Betsy, when exactly are you going to do something??? How about Common Core, male/female restrooms, civics, American history...????

@dbongino @realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods @MarkYoungTruth
DeVos rescinds 72 guidance documents outlining rights for disabled students - The Washington Post
Trump donates $100K to Dept of Ed. Only $9,199,900,000 to go to make up for his $9.2B in proposed education cuts.
Trump’s Education Budget Feeds School Privatization At The Expense of Students http://bit.ly/2uWE0gH  via @BillMoyers
Sec. Devos' decision to rescind #TitleIX guidance is an affront to sexual assault survivors across this country.
That should be the same for the average student, and just because they don't qualify for help, they should be allowed to fall through the cracks. Special Ed should not get Specaial behavior treatment, they need to behave too.
Sounds great. Says all the right things. But is ignorant of the reality of educating 35+ individuals in a public school classroom.
It was HER IDEA.
@BetsyDeVosED has never spent a meaningful day doing work in a classroom IN HER ENTIRE LIFE. Taxpayers foot a $8 million dollar bill for these photo ops, while teachers like myself struggle to pay our student loans off. She thinks teachers are overpaid.
This billionaire donor is actively rolling back protections for students with special needs. Why? The for-profit "schools" she benefits from ask students to sign their IDEA rights away. She bought this position so that she may further enrich herself.
Check out her neurocore company.It is being investigated.The procedures are being administrated by unqualified people&received questionable reviews by the edical field. She advocates conversation therapy to cure the LGBT community, thinks disabled kids don't belong in mainstream
It took DeVos 9 months to issue an opinion on the Endrew decision. It appears that she is using that opinion to promote the fact that the Department of Education (finally) published a Q & A regarding the decision.
If DeVos cared about students w disabilities, during the last 9 mos she would have developed an understanding of special ed by observing public school services for students wi disabilities, meeting w special ed teachers, and meeting with parents of children with disabilities.
said the woman with ZERO qualifications and LiTERALLY bought a position! oh Bets you are just another #govwhore , now wipe that jiz off your chin
It’s useless to have for laws if they aren’t going to be funded. We know what these students need, but we are simply unable to provide it.
Then stop pushing vouchers & faith-based schools where they don’t have to serve students with special needs.  Or did they not tell you that in your weekend “how to run the dept of ed” course? #BoughtYourJob
Then stop promoting policies that do just that
Says the woman who promoted a budget that slashed funding to the Special Olympics.  Just when I think you cannot possibly get any dumber - you're half a brain cell away from being an amoeba.  Please resign.
#teachersvsgrizzlies
Thank you Madam Secretary! 
This comment certainly doesn’t reflect the realities of the voucher program.
We have paid already for education, why claiming issues now. You took our money again, give us what we paid for education.
PARENTS ARE ON THE TEAM THAT WRITES THE IEP. They can't claim it isn't challenging enough WHEN THEY'RE THE ONES WRITING IT.
IEP goals LEGALLY need to be attainable, otherwise students cannot reach them.
Charter schools DO NOT ACCEPT kids on IEPs.
Parents can ALWAYS reject an IEP.
Preach. Any educator knows this. @BetsyDeVosED doesn't even know what IEP stands for 
That's rich, coming from her.
Our congress wants 2 make an amendment that would only help this 1 sch. b/c they r a right-wing conservative college.
Maybe she can help overburdened local districts with the costs of supplying the maximum?
What, the bare minimum then? We all know you don't care and have no clue what you're doing.
Civics critical these days too~ Is There A Crisis in Civics Education? Hoping to make a contribution~ https://www.epreducationnews.com/2017/04/25/is-there-a-crisis-in-civics-education/ …
We need to fully fund education. Then many students would not need special education.
Many would. And we should fully fund that too.
But unwinding protections for disable kids is great!! Right @BetsyDeVosED ???
And yet her beloved voucher system does discriminate against children with disabilities! Just look at the cases in Michigan, Indiana and Arizona...
Wow! Where are getting these cool comments? Is it a book by someone you love?
It is truly Shocking that you haven't got 'one' thing to offer America for the public schools to turn around and 'teach reading, writing, arithmetic'!!!!!!
This irony of this is thick considering her push for vouchers and the privatization of public education and the lack of protections for SWD and their families in those settings. This comes across as boilerplate messaging and not Betsy’s true beliefs, if she has any.
Exactly! Either she backs off Charters and vouchers or she supports children with special needs.
Maybe you should follow your own advice before you leave office
Exactly.
