As promised on the campaign trail, we will provide opportunity for Americans to gain skills needed to succeed & thrive as the economy grows! 
Problem is you can lead a horse to water... Many don't want an education or a job. There are too many freebies!
Wrong! They are democrats.
A voucher system will dismantle the public special education system as we know it.  Please reconsider your agenda. #SpecialEducation

Betsy DeVos hired a former DeVry official to run the dept's fraud unit - one that's currently looking into DeVry: https://www.buzzfeed.com/mollyhensleyclancy/betsy-devos-hiring-of-a-former-for-profit-college-dean-to?utm_term=.vev5JZgr …
Common Core must be stopped, what is the time line to stop it?
Public ed remains cornerstone of our democracy & way forward for many. No vouchers. Restore civil rights protection for all students.
Vouchers for private schools would publicly fund indoctrination of young people on issues like climate change, benefitting oil companies.
Like public education does now? Why do progressives have such a horrible time with freedom of CHOICE? Oh, yeah, u want 2 dictate to the poor
It is billed as "choice" but is really about privatizing education, putting public finds in private hands of  even those anti-science nuts.

Best quote in the story:  "It's not about the (expletive) kids, Chandra, it's about the money."
You're right. Money for failing inner city schools. Money for bad tenured teachers.  Money for the AFT to spend on everything but students.
The best pathway is to be born or marry into wealth
Not me, born poor, very good education!! Children all in medicine, physician, surgical nurse, dental hygienist! All self sufficient !
True, but some are more giving than others! Some are all takers, look at our govt. see who they are! Its easy to see!

From BLM to Womens's March, Antifa, & MSM-fueled PC groupthink: all manifestations of failing US education system that churns out sheeple...
And they'll get there by going to schools whose pasts/investigations will not be considered, as that info is MIA.
How about you help college grads get out from under crippling debt?
Why don't you resign? Please!
This is the focus & timely! There's NO room for bigotry & violence from ALL Sides! No one gets a pass on that! @POTUS is 100% RIGHT!
@Cabinet @POTUS @realDonaldTrump thank you Betsy for your great work with President Trump!
Thank you Sec Devos, God surely were looking over our kids when President Trump selected you , we the people can't thank you enough
Thanks Betsy DeVos. We support you
I wouldn't say that helping predatory lenders and for profit school run around unchecked a good plan to help students.
I want public education available to all with oversight by local school boards.   We really don't need your big ideas.
And there in lies the problem. Local School Boards are indoctrinating our children with LEFT ideas and behaviors, and anti-patriotism!
Like what, Betsy. So far you’ve just kicked out the supports for kids who are non-white and non-rich. And supported for-profit scam schools.
Surely progressives aren't that ignorant. Perhaps if you'd had a voucher...
Get rid of Common Core & expand school choice & u will have my full approval. Quit pursuing feminist causes. We already have equality.
It bothers me at  the shape n which the liberals were TEACHING these children into high school - it was/is disheartening so much GOD BLESS
Thanks for the chuckle Betsy. Go back to your sandbox and play with your millions.
Miss Betsy, i didn'  historical monuments shld be removed, so far no historian/s said anything. We  whitewash history, wat says u?
When is common core going to be replaced?
Agreed!  But first our education system needs to be rid of liberalism and revisionist history. Focus more on civics and patriotic curricula.
Yes and a path to making more money for your corrupt families with the help of Russia.
....except disabled and LGBT students. Show your actual humanity, if you have any. Pledge to protect their rights and access.
Examine the text books.
Our Civil War, War of Northern Aggression, was more complicated than what I am hearing from the mobs. 
#CCOT #MAGA

But first, stop funding that cuts programs that work for our minority students.  You functuon like a con.
Well, except the ones we don't consider real humans. But hey, #1A, right? Bigot. Resign. You have no expertise in this field anyway
If Jesus is allowed in schools, so is Allah, Satan and the Spaghetti Monster.
Separation of church and state.
What happened to stopping Common Core?? #Fire@BetsyDeVosED
Downgrading the nation by replacing educated professions with trained trades will continue crippling the nation.
All while making some tax payer dough for private religious schools my friends own. It's a win win huh Betsy?

Thank the good Lord.
Will u do that by making student loans more affordable, like 1%. No, u like the$ u make off students 1.75 trillion in student loan interest.
He's never "right."  It appears you're more interested in racism, homophobia & re-raping the rape victim & for profit schools that Americans
What about the needs of students who are discriminated against? Can private schools that do this receive federal funding? RESIGN.
We sure need you out there. I often wonder how u r doing as the media won't report anything. Stay strong. We r with you. Thank You!
We the people will not let you tarnish our great President that is there for all we see you as the swamp Obama created
Some of best schools in San Diego School District are charter schools; unfortunately cannot accommodate all the kids who'd like to attend
Please don't forget about adults with disabilities who can contribute to the workforce with the right training.
Earn while you learn is excellent! I have ideas for teacher training if you care to hear more.
Don't forget age 50+ people laid off, downsized etc., replaced with junior staff/off shore labor. WE Will retrain too!
Vocational education programs and community college profession  directed programs are the key methods toward pathway to success for America.
And make sure to bring your gun, because, bears. 
You mean help suck all the funds out of the public school system for charter schools. So many are BS faking a
Unchecked.
You'll help but only if they are white and wealthy! Fund public schools NOT undermine them!
Betsy chose the old fashioned path to success: Marry Money . 
I haven't seen Common Core REMOVED from our schools yet - Betsy - What's the HOLD UP?
And make sure you throw some CRITICAL THINKING courses in there too!
Access means nothing! I may have access to a marina, but it does me no good without a boat and $ for marina fees. Give me a break!
Support public education. Strengthen public schools and you will make a path for ALL.



And you block every one of them because you only understand one "pathway to success"... inherited cash.
Why are desk being put in sc schools, made in Germany?
From someone who refuses to stand up for the rights of all children and a Bully-In-Chief who refuses to stand up for the rights of all ppl.
Don't lie . Don't freaking lie . You want to fuck every student so you and yours make millions of 
I'm ALSO right, you and Ivanka seem overtly WOMEN-centric.  White males have overwhelmingly been the innovators of production... SUPPORT
Betsy, K-5 teachers should not be required to have degree.
Volunteers could be used, parents, co- op's.
Let's get fed out
Common core out...
Vouchers!
Our kids, Our money.
No, teachers do not know better, parents do.
A childs Education is directed by the family constitutionally.
No vouchers unless accepted as full payment... Otherwise just a stipend for super rich $55,000 yr Schools. @realDonaldTrump

Translation: all rich Americans can send their kids to private school partly on the governments dime cause fuck public school and the poor.
With my tax dollars, it needs to be secular, research driven, equitably funded, publically accountable, w/ protection for vulnerable groups.
Recess at America's schools.
Vouchers= BIG government - handouts to wealthy who can afford to transport their kids & pay tuition remainder - burocratic dispersement etc.
*bureaucratic
I'm totally with you.  We should never rely on a one-size-fits-all model.
People find success in spite of government, not because of government.
Mayb DeVoss is correct in her quest-after all not every1 can get great jobs bcuz theyre the 1st daughter-or contribute $$$ to prez campaign
Protect public education; that's a start. No vouchers. Signed, recipient of (mostly) private (Xian) education
And the moon is made of cheese 
How much will you profit from predatory lending and for-profit degree factories printing certificates of uselessness? Show your calculations


Yeah, 45 advocating for nuclear proliferation while drooling like a 13-year-old looking at his first Playboy.  #crazyandcrazier #draftdodger
Not if he gets us all killed in a nuclear war with North Korea we won't
You mean, that meets their family's financial ability. Higher education just isn't for poor kids. Maybe they can be killers for your borther
I'm in MI where your attempts to buy/privatize  public ed for decades were stopped....you're just one of Trump's billionaire swamp cabinet
Their needs? Or the needs of your corporate sponsors?!
Love your work 
So true we call it Work to College not College to Work!
LOL pathways to success...you mean paying for your "successful" cabneint position?!?
U gave no idea what worked for education cause u bought urs.Sad that u are making the decisions for the ed dept. And have never worked in it
How will you do that when you take away their healthcare?
Except for students with disabilities that your precious charter schools won't accept. ALL students matter.
Know you won't
I know! A choice school that forces all the middle class and poor to be able to CHOOSE their new RICH spouse!
You are an embarrassment to all the hard working educators.
I'll educate you on access to education in America. Let's start w/grizzly bears & end w/teaching you how to write a letter of resignation.
The problem is at the age of 18 all doors should still be open. College Readiness is Essential! Otherwise we're back to tracking students!
With you and your brother back in powerful positions now, what could go wrong...#Blackwater #NisourSquareMassacre #MercanaryMurderer
Blah, blah, blah
It's in bad form to lie, Madame DeVos. It does a disservice to a great many people when someone in your position lies.
Screw you Billionaire Betsy. Christ didn't die for your continuous sinning ways.
See, again you keep saying "all" but we know you only mean private and religious Americans.
It's all about that charter money! Make your friends rich off of tax money.
I just pray there are no bears on that path.
You have no idea what is needed in education.
Rich white kids Betsy? U have no clue what u are doing
Great message Betsy!
Your voucher program is bad for schools and LGBTQ youth. But you don't even care.
Waiting patiently for the day when CC is erased so ALL children can learn to think and create again. Public schools=mess. Keep the vision!
You are a menace to the public school system and corporate hack who bought the job which you hold. Disgusting.
Unless you are a trans kid. Then you're on your own, right @BetsyDeVosED?
@realDonaldTrump by taking funds from public education? By encouraging rape on campus?
CURSIVE should be mandatory curriculum in ALL SCHOOLS.Kids will 1 day have sign legal docs. This will be all we see, XX. Get back 2 basics.
But only the rich white Christian folk-isn't that right @BetsyDeVosED and @POTUS. #RESIST #saveourpublicschools #DumpTrump #DumpDevos
Sadly your pathway to success was marrying into money and using that to bribe your way into power. #swampwater #ivorytowerelitistcoward
There are many pathways to a great education. Too bad you are unqualified to see them.

You're a disaster. Your policies are a disaster. You've dropped MI from a top ten state to #45 with ur "pathways" for education. Data. Facts
Neither of you cares.  One of you was fined $25 million for a sham school.  The other wants to privatize and evangelize.
Resign. Now.
Unless they're poor. Then they're screwed.
Like being born into immense wealth or marrying up?
But only the rich, white, cis, straight white male students, right?
"Many pathways to success."  Amway University?
@BetsyDeVosED I am "old" and "set" n my ways but I am so GLAD ur n that position for FUTURE generations SAKE Reinstate a simple civics class
RUSSIAN TRAITORS & STOOGES
POTUS is never right because he lies & throws out ridiculous statements & threats at the speed of light!  SAD!
All I've heard is talk for 6 months.. No positive action!
Attorneys general sue DeVos over delay of rule to protect students from predatory colleges
We need to prioritize American companies in this economic growth environment. Let the Chinese train their own help! Think LOCAL.
Trump’s proposed after-school cuts could lead to more hungry kids, lower test scores - The Hechinger Report
Budget cuts force closure of local after-school program -
& my son just like his greatGrandfather will b able 2 fight in another Korean War or was it conflict @POTUS? Ah history u can learn from it
Under Trump Budget, Nearly 2 Million Kids May Lose After-School Care : NPR Ed : NPR
Trump donates $100K to Dept of Ed. Only $9,199,900,000 to go to make up for his $9.2B in proposed education cuts.
Trump’s Education Budget Feeds School Privatization At The Expense of Students http://bit.ly/2uWE0gH  via @BillMoyers
A sobering look at what Betsy DeVos did to education in Michigan-and what she might do as secretary of education -
Trump's Education Budget Would Hurt the Working Class - The Atlantic
DeVos voucher plan would exacerbate educational inequality | TheHill
For rural America, school choice could spell doom
Just go to Pottery Barn and leave us alone.

By removing possible options through cutting funding? By focusing on charters making money more than educating?
Maybe spending $ better - following a budget - not wild abandon like public systems with NO RESULTS!
*Except if they are black or poor or lgbtq or disabled or marginalized in any way and then we don't care because we just wanna steal your $$
@BetsyDeVosED knows about as much about education as I do about nuclear physics.
Resign. Both of you! 
.@BetsyDeVosED 1) @POTUS is incompetent & unqualified & 2) so are you. @realDonaldTrump's only "pathways to success" involve criminal acts.
How?!

#teachersvsgrizzlies #public schools #teachers #teacher #devos #betsydevos #resist
Your history would suggest that you have no interest in helping poor, rural, or non-Christian kids.
boooo. every time you tweet. boooo. #teachersvsgrizzlies #devos #betsydevos #donaldtrumpisabully
Was this scripted by Mercer? You both owe 'them' a great deal. Blatant corruption and ineptitude from both of you. National disgrace.
You can start with his supporters. They're dumber than a box of rocks. 
Hi Betsy! Please put more Votech in public HS so students come out with real hireable skills. Not everyone needs or can afford college. TY
Oh, just be quiet.

.#RESIST this skank & her hateful agenda 2 destroy public ed & make schools christian venues! Sep of church/state!

ART FOR THE RESISTANCE
There's no one on Earth that believes there's a concrete real path to some no brain ideas. You're playing terribly with Children's futures.
You can do it. A big change is needed.
Social climbing person who has NO business playing "teacher."  Please resign now.

No vouchers. This is against public education. No. No. No.
Yes, and Thank GOD that we will have a CHOICE and not be taxed to death to indoctrinate our children to the ALT -LEFT, totally screwing up!
Inheriting $$$, having his degree purchased by Daddy and entree to the family business isn't an option for 99% of us. #showusyourtaxes

You do mean ALL Americans, right? Not just rich, white, and attending a charter school?
No you won't.
That lines the pockets of certain groups
The first step on the path to success is to relieve you of your duties and keep you as far away from public education as possible.
@realDonaldTrump again and again and again STOP SAYING YOU SUPPORT ALL STUDENTS. It's obvious that's a damn lie.
@BetsyDeVosED please do advise on your highly educated plan and the support it has among the education professionals . Maybe a speech? 1/2
Or perhaps something on writing? Plan guides etc . Thank you in advance. Ps how does #ErikPrince play into North Korea issues. Educate me
Funny, we already have a lot of that in place in public education that you never recognize. Fund it, do it right!!
You're qualified for nothing and inherited everything. Even your mass-murdering American Taliban brother is less verminous.

Shut. Up.
#ErikPrince
First know what education is than talk.
You're nothing but an entitled #FlyingMonkey supporting a dangerous imbecile who at this moment is credibly threatening millions of lives.
Enough with the meaningless platitudes. What's your actual PLAN??
