That will serve those kids well! Thanks for what you do @BetsyDeVosED
Charlie, what color is the sky where you live?Betsy is the least qualified person to EVER buy this position. Does paying make you qualified
I don't know who was in the position before. The school system is in bad shape. Kids come out not able to reason or use logic. Time 4 change
Charlie, DeVos bought her position by donating money to GOP campaigns that needed help.She had no experience in education & is unqualified.
DeVos supports only charter or private schools,taking funding away from public schools & giving vouchers for private schools.Disaster result
Pls read more about her and I think you'll change your mind. All of our kids need the best education, not just the rich.
I believe we need major change. Why didn't the last person make the system better? I don't believe she bought her position. Why should she?
I respect you have a different opinion about DeVos than I do. Wish you'd read a more about her.We do agree educating our kids is essential
The NAACP backs up its call for a moratorium on charter schools with facts.
.
https://www.opednews.com/articles/Separate-and-Unequal-The-by-Carl-Petersen-Charter-Schools-170805-327.html …
.
@Potus @realDonaldTrump
What are you planning on doing about teaching kindergartens about being transgender? This is Horrific
Aren't you proposing to cut CTE programs by $96 million?  How is your brother @erikprince?  #Blackwater #murderer #privatization #ksed
@realDonaldTrump @mike_pence PB College has solar certification!FL has industry certifying programs in high school!
Instead of massive student loans to graduate with a degree in philosophy.  Finally marketable career skills for our youth.  Thank you.
So,Betsy,are these all your favorite kids in your favorite charter schools!Disappointed with you & shame on you for buying this appointment
Schools are PUNISHED for trade Ed as those students tend to lower almighty test scores. FIX THIS for public schools! @POTUS
Data?
You thinking that kids who like to fix stuff push test scores up?Our Dist. tried trades and SADLY had to give up;attracted non-college kids.
Are taxpayer fubded public schools the alternate corporate HR dept training grounds? Children seen as their future human capital?
What? Taxpayer fubfed? You are arguing against preparing #students for careers like electricians, plumbers, and mechanics?
Rid our country of the failure called COMMON CORE! Some can't afford 2 privately educate like urself so listen to THE PEOPLE
Hence why families homeschool. #lookatoptions
There are working families or single family homes that cannot do so....
Explore options you will be surprised by what's available.
I have and unfortunately free options r common core and only private schools offer different. Point being pub. education needs more options
You’re so uptight, you could squeeze your dingleberries into diamonds
@realDonaldTrump @DianaLTaub @mike_pence @FLOTUS We need to rethink Keys HS! Maybe 3 longer days week, Tues-Thurs!Give all time to clean up!
EXCELLENT:so many,technically,based high dollar jobs await.
Don't you wish you had a useful skill to build a successful career instead of using family money to get a gig where you are unqualified?
Have someone call me. As the Pres. said , WHAT DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE? EVERTHING! Trust me on that. This is so big, it's out of your control.
All public schools need to have shop classes back. Not everyone NEEDS to go to college.

it is a real shame you never learned a skill  SAD
Excellent much needed
Again, public schools offer this, too. #ReThinkDevos
Awesomeness 
Skills they can use to service my rich pals while paying off their crushing loan debt. Boughtsy DeJob to the rescue! Make America Give Amway

Life depends on technology in current state#So technical Ed is compulsory for stability#
Public schools do this across the country. No rethinking involved.
Once again, @BetsyDeVosED put interests of for-profit career education programs ahead of hardworking students.
Taught CTE for 23 years. We had to fight for every dollar and basic respect. Kids were pushed to become unemployable college grads.
Glad to see you're promoting technical and trade schools.  They need more promotion.
Oh goodness!!! Working people!!! Workingn class!!! How did i get here!!! HELP!!!!
Did you tell them to have wealthy families that can buy them jobs they don't deserve?
Great school and super programs. Glad my kids use JCCC as a cost effective way to save on their college education.
Betsy, Betsy, Betsy - Again not new - vocational schools.  Producing MANY EDUCATED workers year after year - u were a drunk socialite then.
The career center where my wife works has been doing this successfully for nearly 50 years. #cte
Thanks for showing us that public state colleges are a good investment.
#ReThinkSchoolWithoutBetsyDeVos
I fought the Taliban. Watched them destroy education so they could keep power. Now @BetsyDeVos does the same. #RethinkDeVos. Drain the swamp
The embalmer did a great job on you, Bets!  You look almost lifelike.
More photo ops for the unqualified #ivorytowerelitistcoward @realDonaldTrump allow to fill the #swamp for cash. #RethinkDeVos

CTE schools have been part of USED since the 50's. Please don't act like it's new. #educateyourself
#RethinkDeVos
#ReThinkBetsyDeVos
I agree with @POTUS on several issues. #RethinkDeVos @BetsyDeVosED betsyis the #swampwater he promised to drain. Very sad.
Photo op X 3. What an overachiever!
#RethinkDeVos
#RethinkYou.
#RethinkDeVos
Betsy Devos, you are our savior.
Betsy, are you offering classes on how to marry into a wealthy family and profit from a prestigious job that person is not qualified for?
Your precious , "gifted" , from Jesus children would never set foot in such a place, however.
#RethinkDeVos
A woman who has never gotten her hands dirty doing ANY real work is telling us how to teach technical education?!?!
#teachersvsgrizzlies #rethinkdevos
Ralph Wiggum would probably be as qualified.
4 year colleges are a waste of money for the VAST majority of students, especially given the Marxist liberal arts courses... WA$TE!
Serving kleptocrats like you & your family?!
Another day, another photo op. Resign. You're costing taxpayers millions. Your agenda is already dead in Congress.
Should have made her look more like the clown she is.
#RethinkDeVos
I'm so proud of Trump's push to restore pride & appreciation for those that train for positions our country needs filled. They should be
PROUD of themselves and we should be doing everything nessary to ensure their success. Parents should be proud because in most cases their
Any school who exposes students to garbage like @BetsyDeVosED doesn't have their best interests at heart
Technical education has such value for our citizens! Let's make public, post secondary choices free for Ss. No debt 4 our future workforce!
they are free at the secondary level
You suck
Great idea,long overdue!Will inspire minds&positive creativity&enjoyment of doing ones talent/gift in life to reach their fullest potential.
Tech ed has been around forever
I was referring to the need of Shop Trades training in public high schools to inspire our youth 2 their use their gifts 4 life's work
Again, "shop trades" are available in every county of US at local career tech high schools or "vo tech"
Not in rural areas. More rural areas with less opportunities.What is wrong with teaching positive attributes, inspiring All school children?
Thank you @BetsyDeVosED for your support of CTE & the impact these programs have on College & Career Readiness. CTE is rethinking school!
Yes, very important. Don't cut funding to these types of programs!!!

#DumpDeVos
Luckily, these technical courses are Marxist FEMINIST free... so they still teach functional information.
How much did that job cost you?? As long as you have money, you don't need brains right?? SAD
How is it that she doesn't have brains?
She bought that job. Her and her family gave over $26 m to the GOP. Her brother donated personally to Trump and all the charges were dropped
Didn't actually answer the question....
She has no business in her current capacity. No degrees or special training for it. The family paid for this job!! Research it please
U still didn't answer the question. Why bellyache over every post she makes. We are at the bottom of education now & she just got the role.
I did answer the question. She. Has. No. Training . And her family is corrupt. Check it out. Only takes a few minutes.
I know exactly who she is. You should try critically thinking for yourself instead regurgitating resist/indivisible talking points.
Is this vocational/trade based learning? Great career path for kids that are not college bound. Trades are undervalued but so needed.
Kids that are college bound can also benefit. There are comp, med and engineering. #oldthinking
Absolutely.
#censure #CensureTrump  #HR496
This was quite a segment from @CNN that will be shared far and wide 
What does your response have to do with this tweet?
Resign

Yup, drain away Betsy... squeeze the last Marxist Feminist vampire out of a system that corrupts and destroys the minds of our kids!
Great job Betsy.
So naturally you want to screw them over.
How?
[Looks at your tweet thread.]
[Immediately begins laughing.]
Omg you too? I can't stop laughing at the lack of critical thinking on these threads! Thxs

I just saw a Twitter ad for technical educators. Life experience passed to the next generation is priceless.
Especially given the break up of the traditional FOLKLORE conduits affected by Marxist Feminists... we used to learn from grandfathers.
Those kids worked harder today than you have your entire life. #BoughtYourJob
Did you see any grizzly bears
You Marxists are SO CLEVER!!  Only thing is, your Queen Hillary, kicked your King Bernie's nuts, and you're out of ideas.
