U should have taught that 2 UR oldest child when he was campaigning 2 become president. How U doing w/ cyber bullying campaign Husband worst
If you believe this, then sit ur husband down & work on him first
File for divorce. The Country will understand. Too bad @IvankaTrump  won't disown her Dad.

Trump to Walsh: The Court's are allowing these Muslims & Immigrants to enter the US!  The whole planned attack are in the 33,000 emails!
Honey I don't know how you're going to convince your husband without slapping him in the face.
Well said @FLOTUS - We should be praying for each other! I do get angry about some of the things said against @POTUS, Christians, 2A supporters,but I will continue to pray for all - even those I disagree with. Thank you for your gracious words.
please visit my YouTube channel share like and subscribe
Tell your husband
You're so fake. I hear you like to feed the old goat conspiracy papers as snacks.
Melania, you are better than this. Your husband called the Nazi's that didn't throw punches "fine people". Be a strong, respectable woman.

My First Lady is exactly right!  Thank you dear!

@TrumpDubai Might want to block me too.
@MaddowBlog 
@RepAdamSchiff 
@tribelaw 
…
Miserable but foreseeable.  Too bad that your husband decided to chime in so late!
Please condemn the WHITE SUPREMACY AND BIGOTRY, not just the violence
You condemned nothing. Which is not surprising, because you have never condemned the hatred from your own husband.
Tell that to your "husband" 

Well @FLOTUS as your husband @realDonaldTrump cultivated this hate into the Presidency, perhaps you should speak to him. #tonedeaf
Tepid but at least better than your husband
Where is your husband?
Melanie, don't worry about the haters, they are not nice people. Stay Gold, we love you!  - Thank you @POTUS GOD BLESS YOU BOTH! 
Who did you copy this from?
Aren't u the one aside from your husband that used your free speech to say that the first Black President was born in Kenya and not Hawaii?
George Washingtons army and our founding fathers gave us our voices the Constitution gave us our voices GOD GAVE US OUR VOICES ....
Right, no good comes from violence but it's  been the plight of AA for decades dealing with hate.
This Administration has *at least* three senior White House officials who are cheering for the Nazis in #charlottesville.
Where's your husband, ya know THE PRESIDENT, with his condemnation of this hate? He throws red meat to these people constantly. Wake up.
@FLOTUS  Who wrote this for you.? First Lady Michelle Obama
The only hate came from Antifa and the counter-protesters who went there looking to disrupt the event and incite violence.
Lol you believe this shit.
Your husband has created this hate. Please do the right thing & tell him to resign NOW. History will not be kind to your family.
Not enough.  Type the words:  white supremacy is wrong.  Type the words:  the event was a vile notion.  Type the words: I am against racism

Don't listen to the negativity. You are an inspirational First Lady !
@IvankaTrump You all must be SO PROUD:
David Duke today in #Charlottesville talking how how the hate rally "fulfills the promises of Donald Trump." 
Does @FLOTUS have her husbands Twitter password? If not, why not?
Spread love, eliminate hatred. Results are positive
What a useless statement.
Confused which side you are on.
Try telling that to your husband Melania
Maybe you should send this
message to your husband.
Who wrote that for you?
This was not a march for speech FLOTUS it was a march for racism and bigotry.  Why don't you speak out against that? #GrabAClue
Trump breeds hate
Tell your orange, bloated joke of a husband that HE should be speaking out - not YOU.  Who the hell are you-and who cares what you think??
Kkk

You and your family are pathetic. What a weak statement. This should be condemned and denounced.
Seriously, tell your husband to stop being a coward and come out to address this state of emergency like a real president.
Tell your husband
Start at home
Tell your POS husband who's been encouraging these Alt Right thugs for two years.
https://www.facebook.com/In-Memory-of-1st-Lt-Benjamin-R-Cross-527679970910263/ … A worthy cause for your husband's salary. http://www.vmi.edu/foundation/how-to-give/ …
Wow, this is a fail.
your husband gave them their voices
That was obummy

WHERE IS YOUR #TRAITOR #RACIST husband and #CowardInChief?
There is no more destructive force than the anger which corrupts the reason of reasonable men.
#patriotNOTpartisan #Tolerance #ResistTrump 
I go with the first lady
First lady @FLOTUS please tell ur husband @realDonaldTrump to teach our #President @MBuhari and wife @aishambuhari how to tackle #Corruption .... Thank You.
Someone or something keeps undoing my retweets in my like to the first lady's Twitter account how is this happening who is doing it I'm having to go back and retweet Andrey like everything I already have
Flotus is best ever.Take care of our POTUS
Please start tweeting for your husband.
Anything Melania tweets will be plagiarized from Michelle Obama anyway. Let's just give Trump's phone straight to her.
How can you be so ambivalent about the hatred your husband advocates?
No chance. The only thing worse than a bigot is someone who stands by and applauds a bigot. Hateful woman.
Ask the people who were mown down by a car today because of her husband's bigotry about the fucking lolz
No. Sorry. No she hasn't. She's a pathetic enabler. She's no victim. She loves this. It's utterly disgusting!
All we see is how bad the situation is becoming in the US in terms of the rise of  white supremacism, aggravation of stance v New Korea
Yeah, but the thing is you and your weird hand husband doing nothing IS A PROBLEM
IF I ONLY HAD A BRAIN
You'd be a Republican.
Are you aware that you are married to a nazi sympathizer?. Educate him.
Sure once you leave office the hate WILL go away

This IS YOUR LEGACY HA HA HA
#Freedom2Hate #CommunistTrumpLand
Are you really happy being married to an Orange Nazi who made you sign a pre-nup stating you had to lose baby weight or forfeit cash? Gold
How do you have sex with that vile man ? GROSS
Oops I did it again! 
Yeah we'll explain that to that fake president you're  married to
melania did you copy that from someone else???
How can U be with a man who has no moral fiber + integrity, unless of course, U have neither. Divorce this monster to define Urself.
you knew all along. My guess is u have been a white supremacist all along. DISGUSTING
Melania, you're correct - hate is bad.

Convince your hack husband to quit, to save face before he's fired. And humiliated. Again.
I notice you refuse to use the words "radical white terrorists"
True
Sadly this only works with  humans & dogs because humans find violence deeply satisfying Remove the satisfaction & the act becomes hollow
Do you have an original thought once again you have copied the words of #MichelleObama from a speech she made in 2016
U should tell that to ur husband...he's a nutcase filled with hate
Laughable 
Trump is Hate
You need to talk to your husband!! Not the Country!! We know 
maybe enlighten your husband to this statement
When will we be able to express our liberty utilizing School Choice with Vouchers?
You & your family should practice what you preach. You are all Hypocrites!!
All our Love to you and Our President, Melania. You are with Us. And We are with You.
that's classic seeing as how you're married to one of the most hateful men in the United States
You might communicate that to your husband?
@FLOTUS tell that to @POTUS & #trumpadministration  . Cannot convey meaning with #contradictions
Wow have you MET your husband, you're joking with this right????
You are so right. 
I thought Chump said "Knock the crap out of 'em" & offered to pay attackers' legal fees. Be consistent.
#TraitorTrump
#TrumpTreason
#Impeach

You should tell that to your husband.
Your so screwed up.... its to bad
@WHITEHOUSE Please convey this to your husband.  NEVER before have Americans seen or heard such devisive statements from any President.
So what are they do with the hate that is in their heart, #JustSayNo?
Not to mention even a elderly Black lady of NAACP made her statement very plainly about these are of our country's history. Check youtube
Hi Hun
How are you still married to that pig? Be a role model. Divorce him.
I agree with you,I do feel that if the Left had left the statues alone the KKK  and others would not have come out of the woodwork
Just shut up.  You are inept.
You're more presidential than your husband.
Seriously?  Again?
Mam why is the fed gov condoning,the Destruction of , I e public property! (YourNoneAction)
Talk to your husband about that, he's one of the worst offenders.
In case you missed it, @POTUS called out KKK, NSM, and white supremacists as EVIL. Don't see how you can ignore that.
He did bc he was forced into it, then took it back.
Tell your husband
Who says it's the media's fault
And never takes responsibility for his own actions
Y'alls messiah.... sheesh.  Please,  stop drinking that ZEROS kool-aid.  It's messing with what little brain cells y'all got left.
WHERE ARE YOU???? WHAT ARE YOU DOING, THINKING, NOT SAYING??? WHERE ARE YOUR ANTI-BULLYING POLICIES?????
LADY "GOOD BRAIN" PLAGIARISES EVERY CHANCE SHE GETS...LIKE MR."GOOD BRAIN", BOTH ARE UNEDUCATED...
hahahaha
ThNks Michelle...I mean Melania...
Free speech does NOT give u a constituional right for HATE.  PERIOD.
Tell your husband that
We the people love the job that President Trump is doing. Don't listen to these racist people that call him a racist.
Your husband does not encourage free speech. How dare you?
Tell that to your hypocrite hubby's homie. @FLOTUS @SHSanders45
Too bad your husband can't do that.  From the bottom of my heart, I feel sorry for you.
What? Tell that to your name calling, hate mongering, divisive husband!!!
Can you tell this to your husband and till he gets it? He sets the tone in this country. Was not like this under Obama. Trump brought this
The media gave Obama a free pass. He invited the hate group BLM to WH. Media was silent.  Hypocrites. Thank his @potus has exposed them.
A bot. How cute!
You really have zero credibility in this area...zero. Every day your husband spews hate, racism, bigotry, #lies and you say nothing.
@MELANIATRUMP  ...  the man you're married to.    Sorry, your words don't ring true. 
#trump #bully #buffoon
Mrs. Trump, President Trump is losing contact with his real friends & backers. I'm for his safety
"Our country encourages freedom of speech" really!? Thats why the president @realDonaldTrump delete comments and block users from his page!?
You can’t block people from your page? Dude, get a life you can and have said anything you please without repercussions
Maybe explain that to your husband. He is leading us down a very hateful road. Hopefully his hate doesn't consume us all.
Talk to your hubby about communicating without hate in his words!
We're not interested in lectures on freedom of speech from slutty lingerie models.
Hahahahhahahaa and you husband is Hitler reincarnated, makes no sense at all does it!
Your husband condones and encourages violence. example: his comments during his campaign and during his rallies!
Where is the call for statues of women & minorities to replace the confederate statues of racist white men your husband so adores?
Do you have any control over the behaviour of your husband?  My guess is you don't.  America under his presidency a laughing stock.
Tell that to 45,HE'S THE PROBLEM OK
You are such a beautiful, sweet, intelligent young woman .  I don't know why you put up with the likes of Donald Trump. You deserve better.
Sooo we can yell "FIRE" in a crowded theater then?
@FLOTUS do u read all the tweets? If you do, you can see things are not going well for @POTUS !
Hah hah haha haha haha. Your husband incites violence.
Thank you for your inspiring words, Mrs. Obama.  Wait...this isn't Michelle Obama's twitter account?  hmm
Michele is that you?
Ummmm, really? Communicating without hate in your heart begins at home...ideally with the president OF THE UNITED STATES! I hear u know him.
Exactly!!!  Well said! 
So, no freedom of speech for The Daily Mail? It has been reported that Putin put you near your beloved husband- Are you a Russian Mole?
Just about every point Trump made at that press conference was made on  Fox News first  http://theweek.com/speedreads/718907/just-about-every-point-trump-made-that-press-conference-made-fox-news-first …  Trump copies like Melania.
Your husband doesn't

.@Schwarzenegger has a blunt message for Nazis. 
I see more hate in Donald Trump's tweets and speeches than any other. #shameful #uglyinside
I feel sorry for you and your family. But everyone saw the end coming, unfortunately he just doesn't take advice 1/2
No good comes from these phony marketing msgs nor your husband.
Talk to your husband about that . . .
Hahaha! You are a very funny woman @FLOTUS 
I'm 100% certain you'll be filing those divorce papers within. 3 months of Drumpf's leaving office. That was the plan before he was elected?
Yes but doesnt mean you can say what you like. Freedom has rules too.
Melania its not the Democrats or Independents they are also part of our government. Its the Nazis, White Supremacists, & the Klan, Right??
Please don't take pain meds from people who really need them.  That's not the answer!
You married the Nazi remember.
Give us a break, @FLOTUS. Your husband is a lunatic who lied his way into the Oval Office, and has no business being there; neither do you.
but hate come a from white supremacist KKK racist your husband
then tell you man to stop putting fuel on the fire & you need to come of hiding & do your job as FLOTUS
So, how's your anti cyber bullying campaign going? If your husband is any indicator of the result of your efforts, you've failed. Bigly.
Might want to tell that to your husband
... Where are you ... ;? Are you ok 
Oh Jesus Melania! Call out your damn husband. His heart is always filled with hate and greed!
