
Merry Christmas to the Trump family we love you and adore you wishing you the best always
Have a crappy holiday, just like the one you gave to everyone else.
#Unethical #ErikPrince
A company that once had financial ties to Education Secretary Betsy DeVos was one of two firms selected Thursday by the Education Department to help the agency collect overdue student loans. The deal could be worth hundreds of millions of dollars. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/grade-point/wp/2018/01/11/education-dept-awards-debt-collection-contract-to-company-with-ties-to-devos/?hpid=hp_rhp-more-top-stories_debt-devos-430pm%3Ahomepage%2Fstory&utm_term=.8fde9ab248ff …
Happy christmas
Merry Christmas and a blessed New Year to you and all yours.
Merry Christmas and happy new year

President Trump is protecting our freedom of speech. Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays.
No he is taking it away!!!
The Democrat are censoring our freedom of speech with political correctness.
No they are not.
Dems are misleading our children and their follower.   Democrat censored my grandchildren in schools and colleges. These Democratic teachers must be fired.
على مين
#FakeNews #bigot #Loser #tinypenis #smegma #ImpeachTrump #LockHimUp #collusion
Bless you during this holiday season!
Thanks you Brandi, wish you the same 
Merry Christmas ~~~~^^!! Hallleluya!!! AMEN!
You too? Using “Christ”mas? You may have heard of Him, not sure you understand His teachings
Not sure he teaches to cast stones either
Good point
#ResignNow

Merry Christmas. My apologies for being late with Christmas Blessings
The @NAACP backs up its call for a moratorium on charter schools with something often missing in today's political environment - #facts.

Not only is @BetsyDeVosED not qualified to be Sec. of Education, she also awarded a student loan debt collection contract to a company she has a financial interest in. How is this not a conflict of interest? Our students deserve better. #CA39 #PhilForHouse …

My friend is Jewish. What about Hanukkah? Jeez, you sure don’t think about others
Please make our wishes come true, leave the white house.  That will make American great again.
Merry Christmas!
Why reply to the White House, Trump is in Palm Beach!
Happy Holidays because not everyone celebrates Christmas. #imigrationmadeamericagreatalready
Then maybe we should not call other holidays what they are since not everyone celebrates them?  Like Ramadan we should say happy  fasting.. or something to that effect? No!! Leave it alone. If you don’t celebrate then don’t!
No thanks. I'll wait till 2020, or impeachment.
asshole
Aren't you worried about offending others?  STEP DOWN NOW
Suggestion: Offer inexpensive online college classes nationwide for under graduate classes with low cost test centers.  1. You will eliminate college debt for these students, 2. You will look like a champion for the poor, 3. You will remove the funds that propel the liberals
Thank you Melania. Merry Christmas, and Happy New Year.  Teach Barron to play chess.



How many boxes of wine did you consume.

Why do we continue to allow Yahoo News to sit in our Press Briefing Room after they continually write disrespectful garbage like this?
Throw them out on the street, they’re fake News!
Merry Christmas ol white house

 will when Trump gets out
Quit sending this. You are a divisive man. Racist and prejudist. Your heart is not in it.
Merry Christmas to all those who work hard for the American people
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=400915743655078&id=100012099673006 …
Yes terimakasih.selamat day Christmas for the color of the country america that merayakan.terutama for people who are very I respect sir and mrs in the white pride of the country america terimakasih.salam manners of indonesia
Thanks. I hope changes in way you see and deal with world problems. Never late to change.
Not a warm welcome place any more
Go F Yourselves. 
save image
save image




Block@WhiteHouse

Wishing everyone a very Happy Holiday season!
Merry Christmas!

Merry christmas

Merry Christmas,Everyone.GodblessAmerican

Q) What's invisible and smells like bananas?

A) Monkey Farts!

We discussed changing decadent Western holiday to proper Russian observance on January 7. Must we discuss again?
The WH and all its idiots in it, will burn in Hell!  and im bringing the matches!
And Merry Christmas to you!
Merry christmas
Happy Holidays, donny.
Where's Kwanzaa? How soon he forgets!!
Since Trump is hardly ever in the White House perhaps it could be turned into a homeless shelter.
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!
Merry Christmas  white house  well wishes for amercans potus & flotus & to the WHITE HOUSE GBU
Thank You, Mr President & First Lady !


BAHUMBUG
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.  So much to look forward to as the snowflakes come down, melt, and give way to growth and bountiful days.
Love the troll job here. You guys are the best.
Merry Christmas oll to you !
OBAMA got 1.2 MILLION likes for his Merry Christmas.  I bet that enrages you! WE LOVE OBAMA!!!!!!
Merry Christmas to our great President and your family. You are the best Christmas gift we received. May God bless you and protect you and your family
You not at the White House.

Happy Holidays !
Merry Christmas Pres. Trump
Mirror - Mirror
Merry Christmas 
GFY
Merry Christmas Mr. President!!! So happy your in office. I look forward to having you there for a very long time!!!!!!!  God bless you and your family!!!!!!
Merry Christmas
Intrntl law re POWs less controversial than Jerusalem, confirms "new sheriff in town" to Mid-E, UN, the world
F U
Please help Israeli POWs imprisoned for yrs denied contact w home in violatn of intrntl law. All-Arabs Iranians Somalis Chinese-shd obey law!
Coming from the administration of hate. Hahahaha..
Merry Christmas to you all, and an awesome new year.
Wish u the same
Well Finally!  I was lookin for my card.  Ha, fake news.  Gottcha!  Oh, wait, I mean not April fools day, I mean Umoja, no, I meant to say.  THx wHITE House
Holiday over: time for the FBI to lock up Trump!
Merry Christmas from Havsgatan-Eve.
Thank you, hope yours was wonderful.  Happy New Year to you and your family.
Happy Kwanza, Happy Winter Solstice
Trump is a dangerous president, we #NeedToImpeach him now! Join me by signing the petition: http://needtoimpeach.com/obstruction ? 

@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
#ItsBeenSaidManyTimesManyWays #sexualpredatorTrump must resign ASAP.
#TuesdayThoughts
Same as always.
#TrumpLies and #TrumpMustResignNow.
MERRY CHRISTMAS 
#treason $uck$ to #RESIST is to HOPE! Happy Hopeful New Year! We need congress to ask @realdonaldtrump a few questions and then #NEEDtoIMPEACH
stay in maralogo or better yet,  move to Russia with YOUR buddy...
Merry Christmas..
Merry Christmas to you all

And the good news is that Trumps brand of ignorance is dying with old, racists, white men. The blue wave is coming.
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!
Merry Xmas to you
Merry Christmas 
And now, let's hear it from the haters!!!
Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas to all of you at the White House
Merry Christmas
Good Morning President Trump I hope you and your Family had the best Christmas ever,My Family wants to Thank You for everything you are doing for our Nation , God Bless The Trump Family
To all that believe the world is meant to live in harmony may the Grace of God be with you in the coming New Year's 
Day
WHAT CHUTZPAH !
You put your own people in danger through misguided #MiddleEast  policies based on narrow domestic #Swamp promisses then wish the Beirutis #MerryChristmas #Merry #Trumpmas #TrumpChristmas #Jerusalem is the capital of #Palestine
Merry Christmas to all.
Sir I have request to you from bottom of my heart. I confuse to calculate 100000$ or 10000000$. It's no name like thousand,million, billion. Request for, fix name for 100000$ as willion/william $ 
And 10000000$ as chillion/Cyllion doller. Thanks for love.
Christians in Kuridstan are mad at USA for screwing up Kurdistan. Shame on you @brett_mcgurk @StateDept @USConGenErbil
"Holiday" is a religious word, after all, derived from the Old English word for "holy day." Plus, "Happy holidays" may indicate the entire Advent period, suggesting a more devout reverence for the season than "Merry Christmas."
Merry Christmas !
maybe God bless more whiteness to the white house
HAPPY  HOLIDAYS  FROM  GREECE
Merry Christmas with love and blessings, Ms Sippi gc 
Thank http://you.you  too.merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas Mr. President and First Lady, God bless
Merry Christmas Mr President and first last, God bless
Merry Christmas
Thank you Mr. President and Merry Christmans from Poland !
#MerryChristmas
Merry Christmas
Obama’s tweet—a picture of him with his wife and two daughters, standing in front of five adorable children—with the caption, “We wish you joy and peace this holiday season,” got more than 724,000 likes and more than 149,000 tweets.
Thanks and Merry Christmas to you as well!

Merry Christmas Mr and Mrs President and Family Thank You for your service and caring for our Country Praying for you stay strong.  your doing a great job.
#ResignNow
Thank you & the same to all in the White House
Wishing of Merry Christmas!
"Merry Christmas"
Thanks. Greetings
Thanks President @realDonaldTrump !
Merry Christmas! Truly can’t wait until you’re IMPEACHED.
You killed our children in Yemen and now you are celebrating.
#KGBdogs dont celebrate Christmas, #dumbdumbs
, Merry Christmas!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!
The only person alive that could make me start to hate Christmas.
Merry CHRISTmas
Saying Happy Holidays is better for all!!  Please pardon me for not saying Merry Christmas!!
Merry Christmas, we are very happy with you and your familly in the White House.
God Bless you and God Bless America. 
Merry Christmas.

Marry Christmas

I’ve already given the greatest gift of all to my closest family member: Me, dressed as saint dickolas
耶誕快樂
You can't have a Merry Christmas when GOP just screwed you with tax bill. Have to save for future.
Happy holidays!
Who is at the White House?
Trump you're a ignorantasshole
Only 13K likes......Obama has way over 300K!
Thank you for your love and courage, president and Mrs. Trump!
#HappyHolidays & #MerryKwanza
Crispr Chkn please!  Oh and children of the corn!  Crispr.  Glad it’s such a national security issue.  Genetic editing.  It’s a really big secret.  It’s only published on the internet and I had read about it before.  What exactly are you planning?  
Happy holidays
@rebelodias
