Pls dont pretend to care for Spec Ed students. By cutting public school funding you're damaging their futures.
 thank you!!! There are more special needs children in public schools than charter or private. Private schools actively avoid them. 
I'm very fortunate that my dtr is in an approved private school. We cldnt have done that w/o the public school and district.
Big cities, like NY, have specialized private schools for children on the spectrum. They are expensive but state covers cost in most cases.
If you can get into them you are still out of pockets thousands of dollars a year with lawyer costs and what isn't covered, we couldn't go
My child is thriving in a NYC public school with supported services, charter schools would push him out and we could not afford private
I know at least a dozen NYC families that pay 0 for specialized school (Churchill, MaryMcDowell, Rebecca, etc). They all used Skyer as atty.
Paying for an attorney, new neuropsyschs and paying upfront before you are reimbursed in some cases etc. Families that pay 0 still pay $$$
Prayin for you, Madam Secretary
Great strategy. How did it work for Harvey & Irma? Or did you pray for only some damage & death?
Hahahaha disillusioned catholic here. The God I pray to doesn't support @BetsyDeVosED.
Let me tell you about Jesus.  Believe in Him, ask Him to forgive your sins and have REAL relationship w God. Don't put trust in man
That would seem to run contrary to you praying for Betsy, wouldn't it?
then come to my public school or any and see the inspiring inclusive classes that depend on funding.  Special needs children depend on it.
Looking forward to hearing your follow up on your #ReThinkSchool tour. So much work to do to improve education. Thanks!
Disagree. Charters are outperforming public schools in NYC. Charter expansion, #Vouchers, #SchoolChoice.
can you go to a public school and see the amazing things being done there? #publiced
Keep up the fight.....for the children! Most honest Americans support you!
Please post the poll showing over 50% approval rating for her.
#RethinkDeVos
You want them to waive their protections under IDEA to enter your schools
More training in dealing Autistic kids is needed 
Many schools grossly mistreat them
Example:
What do the poor autistic kids do in the event of a bear attack?
Thanks for getting to know schools that work with students with disabilities and their families. It can only help your work moving forward
This is not a school, it is a therapy center where families with money can send their kids.
It really is great work that they are doing and so are you Betsy. Keep it up!
Amen! I didn't even no fireflies culd be autistic! Prayers!!!!
How truly inspiring all the public schools u visit. Tell us how the charter school system you're pushing helps students with disabilities?
They do not. Normally they refer the child back to public schools. Smh
Exactly. What a sad alternative to leave so many students behind 
Do you ever go to public schools or just charter and religious.
Proud of the protesters who protested silently outside. You're an embarrassment, Betsy
that's great
no interaction with the children not surprising
We implement #IDEA in regular schools too ya know. Do you know what it stands for yet?
It makes it difficult on teachers when parents choose to mainstream their autistic kids.
If you notice, she's working off the laws that were already in place way before she took over.
I don't recall ever saying I thought she was the right candidate. I Am the mother of 2 autistic sons and I know what works and what doesn't.
@BetsyDeVos PUBLIC school & Medicaid-funded supports have helped my 9yo daughter w/autism progress from nonverbal to conversational.
#RethinkDeVos
You have NO idea!!! #RethinkBetsyDevos talk to special needs staff at inner city schools and really learn something!!!
Let's rethink the #swampwater that is #ivorytowerelitistcoward Betsy. Let us #RethinkDeVos. Retweet if youh want her gone please.
Wow! This is your first ever acknowledgement of IDEA!!
.@BetsyDeVosED wrote rules that allow a WOMAN'S sexual history to be used in hearing but not a man's.
Public or charter???
I wonder if you could explain Autism to us. I really hope you could but honestly I'm not so sure. I don't think you really care.
So then fully fund IDEA and it's mandate so these schools can survive
If U were so inspired & cared, you'd realize U DO NOT BELONG IN EDUCATION & YOU'D QUIT!! U don't even know what IDEA entails.
Are you ever going to visit a public school? There are several excellent center-based public ed schools/programs in MI alone!
More than what we can say about your work.
A therapy center, not a school? How are therapy services paid? Privately/parents? How is IDEA relevant?

What's the tuition, and how far would any proposed voucher go to cover it? Bet gap's as high as the Mile High City.
You glorify private educators instead of public educators so you can justify your attempt to dismantle free education.
#RethinkDeVos
Rethinking your tenure takes precedence over schools.... #unionandproud #publicschools
You don't know the first thing about autism or its effective treatment!
again, SO many visits & photo OPS. WTF R U Doing 4 my Childs #EDUCATION miz #EducationSecretary!? #tcot #WednesdayWisdom #wednesdaythoughts
But, you don't support sped. Do they know that?
Need more funds!!
Wow! A picture of people taking pictures of you. Your photo ops are getting really creative! At least you're good at something.

How about having pride in actually accomplishing something? Of course, to do that you would have to actually accomplish something.
Senate Democrats 'deeply troubled' by 'racist, bigoted' views shared by Trump education appointees http://politi.co/2jYsGeb  via @politico
The DeVos Dynasty: A Family of Extremists -
Please repeal common core
#DumpDeVos
Does this mean you can define the parameters of IDEA now?
Re-think all of 45's incompetent appointments!
You should cut any funding that may go to these people. BECAUSE THATS WHAT YOU DO! You are unfit for public office.
FYI: quackery doesn't cure autism. Beware of entities using quack science who claim to "cure" autism, ADHD etc.
Thanks to our public schools my son w/autism went from nonverbal to a HS national scholar. Please visit PUBLIC schools making a difference.
great for your son but sorry @BetsyDeVosED is rich she doesnt know what a public school is
I agree which is why she needs to visit at least one.
Look put Betsy! The bear is behind you!
These people really care about there kids alot. God loves all his children even the weird ones #ReThinkSchool #IDEA
Geachte mevrouw DeVos, ik ben benieuwd hoe goed uw Nederlands is. Ik volg de verrichtingen van uw regering met veel belangstelling. Succes!
#DumpDeVos
Too bad you want to take funding away from students and schools.

#DumpDeVos
How do you have the audacity to talk at a place for children with autism when Trump plans to cut NIH funding by 18%?
She has no shame.
Keeping fighting the good fight! #prochoice
Proud to shoot bears at schools.
Why are you destroying regulations on sexual predators in schools?
