What a miserable excuse for a woman.
So proud and thrilled you took the job! I'm grateful for your dedication to the schools and our children. 

You couldn’t come up with this statement without reading off a prompt? You are so out of touch. Go back to lobbying
We Love Betsy!
We in education do not....
So glad to have rapped up the day. Let's #ReThinkSchool by bringing God in to are class rooms.
Bringing god in,huh? What God is that Betsy? You certainly are full of great ideas re: #Education #PrivatizeSchools for profit,what else ?
Go back to your fake amway world. And by the way how are those Christian values working for you. Working for a sexual predator as is Trump.
Do I want to watch this?  Not today, Satan.
Now if we could just wrap up your career and send you to prison.
#RESIGN NOW....
A real question ...if voucher $ goes to charter/business and studnet returns to public school, does the stripped  public funds also return?
It does not...and they return well below grade level but getting A's at the charter school
It is almost criminal.  A scam sanctioned by twisted law.
The pledge hasn't been taken out.  We say it every morning in our public school.

Dear @BetsyDeVosED,Please view and reply to: http://www.stringquest.com/betsy-devos-vision-proposal … Emailed @usedgov 
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse please assist - thanks! 
You are an embarrassment to education!
@BetsyDevosED you happen to be a very warped #rethinker
Oh Jesus, there is a Bear behind you!!!
END COMMON CORE NOW!!! PLEASE!
Can you explain common core?
Can you please stop them from teaching our kindergartner s transgender ideology and our 5th graders proper dildo usage please????
Right, they learn from TV and each other. Why waste time & money.
Go home to your mansions.  Leave schools to intelligent people
When are you going to get rid of Common Core?!?
LOL Betsy! How about rethinking your position? We've never had such a unqualified secretary. C,mom Betsy u know ur in over your head! Resign
How is visiting the USAF rethinking public education? It's a military academy. 
Sad that she as Secretary of Education doesn't know the difference.

Who could know it's that complicated...
You are a wicked witch trying to destroy public schools AND protect rapists.
You're a horrible disaster.
Which Gods will students be praying to in your world.Their followers believe their God is the True God. You wouldn't discriminate would you?
Why don't you try visiting a real public school where staff, students and family work together for the good of the students.
Because she is the epitome of what an idiot is. #asshatsparty
By the time the Democrats are done with this country, there will be no school. Think about it!

How about #fullysupportteachers?????
Betsy can you visit a public school where things are NOT going well? Try Newark or Camden in NJ. Would love to hear your thoughts 
She started her tour in Wyoming because THEY GOT GRIZZLIES
Hard day of work huh?
Can't wait until you get around to visiting @GodfreyLeePS right in your hometown!
She said wearing clothes that could pay for textbooks for 5 classes of students.
So is your idea to convert all schools to cadet academies?
Pitiful. You have no idea what education us.
You are garbage,
Will you resign now?
Please repeal common core
You are on a path to destroy public education. Stop and go sell amway. #nobetseydevos
The status quo isn't working and hasn't worked for our students. Thanks for re-energizing true change as Secretary of Education 
You're #unqualified and harmful to public education. #Resign.
I can't stand that fraud

Hopefully you learned what a leader is and realized you'll never be one.
Day two of wasting other people's time is over.
That message was too long and annoying.
Speaking of institutions, you should be locked up in one.
Good work
Please Betsy School Choice with vouchers.
Citizens out here demand the end of Common Core and teacher indoctrination regarding sex and religion
Go AWAY!
We need to rethink YOU.
So glad you aren't in my state of CO any longer. No one, I mean no one, listens to a single word you say anyway but. You are bad karma.
You bought your job. You lack experience & knowledge, but Amway cash got you through. Can't wait til you're out.
What a joke!  #Fraud #Unqualified
Hey @BetsyDeVosED
You have no qualifications for this position and quite frankly could care less about our education process. Please resign
Keep up the good work.  @realDonaldTrump
Thank you! You are doing a great job! 
restore education not reform it
Just look at your bot trolls.  They want and need indoctrination to survive now.  Someone has to tell them what to think.  Sad. Pls help thx
Mine are grown barely, I worry about how much their brains were washed by the our public current school system with college kids now
You have no place in this position. Resign.
Hope you will be wrapped up soon. Your arrogance and self-delusions are harming this country, the America you know nothing about. Nothing.
But how many bears have you killed personally? Truth be told that's all I respect
0.00
ABOLISH the DoE. Education is not a Government duty.
Can we make your "leadership" a wrap as well? #NotForSale #Education
You know what's sad? In your family Erik Prince is the good sibling.
Gross is the only word I can think of when I see BD just gross
No direction except for numskulls. Robotics is the 21st century.
You need to take your money and go home. We don't want a Secretary of Ed who purchased her position.
Oh, she wants to 'educate' mercenaries for her brother!
Oh shit will you shut up already. You have no damn idea wtf you're doing. You're only qualified to be a @Walmart greeter in ur tacky clothes
You've wildly misspelled "Fund education of rich kids & screw over the rest, then claim they 'didn't try'."
right at the end, can you hear the plane crashing?  thats the effect you have.  you are #Unqualified to do your job.
Senate Democrats 'deeply troubled' by 'racist, bigoted' views shared by Trump education appointees http://politi.co/2jYsGeb  via @politico
It’s unconscionable that our top Education official won't commit to speaking out against discriminatory policies:
The DeVos Dynasty: A Family of Extremists -
How about you THINK about anyone besides yourself and how much money you and your family can make off of SCREWING us!!

How is visiting 1 of the most selective single career colleges n the country apply to rethinking gen ed? 2 frm ea state 4 cooking? 2 4 math?
Betsy, do you really “believe” you’re an evolving ape, or that God
will take your call? Academia is the Problem.
the #teachersvsgrizzlies army continues to grow. stop all that rethinking and support public schools. #devos #betsydevos
Is this program meant to teach "alternative facts" to the young and ignorant? #RethinkSchool
I want to rethink schools... without you in charge.
There is a bear behind you.
GO USAF!

Went to Midlands Lutheran. Oh, ok so you're not interested in true education, just selective schools. No place in education. Go home!

Watch out for grizzlies!
Go Betsy!
You bought this position you didn't earn it with hard work! SAD!!!
Please go home and stare at the walls or something else equally useful. At least that way you can't wreck the lives of millions of children
Disgusting vile sub human who uses 100mil in campaign contributions to obtain her job. Her brother Is another treasonous criminal
Despicable
Sounds encouraging Betsy, When will you take a look at our fantastic program? it's incredible, however, for some reason we can't reach you..
What, did God come to you while you where eating a baby and said what?
Jesus has a special place for you...in hell. You're destroying young minds, while thinking you have the right? You don't!
NEA is brainwashing our children, deny their religious beliefs, being queer is normal, all under "social justice"
How has your tour improved the learning of children? That must be your purpose every day. But, you know nothing about education or students

Just amazing how the liberals come out on school issues
They want to brainwash our youth to their way of thinking.
WRONG NOT HAPPENING!!

Could you please get rid of common core. Teachers can't teach it, children are very frustrated
God help us!!!
You bought your job title. You know nothing of public education. YOU ARE A FRAUD.
#HurricaneBetsy is not good for our next generation
Brown bear, brown bear, what do I see? Woefully inadequate secretary.
Watch out Brown Bear- Betsy wants guns in schools.
Have I told you recently? ..#sosad #trumpchump @BetsyDeVosED
IF MEN WOULD KEEP IT IN THEIR PANTS THEY WOULD NOT BE ACCUSED OF RAPE. ABSTINENCE ONLY. ABSTINENCE ONLY. ABSTINENCE ONLY.
The American people have no confidence in your rethinking . We find you out of touch and under qualified in Public education.
.@BetsyDeVosED wrote rules that allow a WOMAN'S sexual history to be used in hearing but not a man's. Begs the question about her sons...
“the only reason women should go to college is to be comfort women for the rapists on the Football team.” - @BetsyDeVosED
YOU NEED TO BE FIRED!! YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT THE HELL YOUR DOING!!! YOUR STEALING TAX PAYER MONEY!!!
I think you should rethink your position.
In order to rethink, you must be able to think first. Which you aren't
We should re-think her lol
Wow, you say nothing about what you plan to do. Good work Betsy!
Keep up the hard work you are doing.
I am waiting for the Rethink Who We Made Sec of Ed tour...
So, by "rethink" school, do you mean the recent rash of overt racism that our current @POTUS has inspired?
I think you mean previous president
@jackiesh60 Okay bot. Go off to sell your $23.99 Ray Ban's, we're not buying the bull you're peddling here.
Rethink yourself and why you are working against the interests of America and American children. You're unfit, unqualified & ungodly.#Resign
How is she working against the interest of our Children?
How about you start THINKING about what's best for all!  #equity #inclusion
Another content-free announcement from Betsy.
What's the difference between "growth" and "proficiency"?
Resign.

Would love PUBLIC choice- not private or charter.
If you think Betsy needs to go please tweet #RethinkDeVos here and too all your followers. Let's start a movement to drain her #swamp.
yea...fraud, betsy...that's all you are...
Is that a bear I see in the background?
Get the guns, start shooting!!!
More like Day 2 of the #ICompletelyBoughtandPaidForThisPositionAndHaveAbsolutelyNoExperienceOrIdeaWhatImDoing tour.

Ugh.
Did Betsy DeVos' kids go to public school? No, and neither did she
DeVos, a philanthropist and activist, does not have a degree in education
Maybe because she knows that some public schools are horrible. That's why she wants everyone to be able to decide what school to go to.
Are you going to fix your previous tweet/statement or what?
Please get to the part where every kid has a voucher to use where they want and get the Feds out of the education business!
Why would you object? It's the best for the kids...
You are a stain on our country. You have no qualifications to be head of Education.  #Paytoplay is what you did! #crooksandliars
Let's #RethinkDeVos . Took 24 hrs to uncapitalize the T. What intern was responsible? Unqualified joke. Drain #swampwater bribery.
did you just fart Bets?
Maybe you could stop being so tone deaf and concentrate on helping out the correct school that suffered a tragedy today?
You're just promoting yourself here
#RethinkDeVos #RethinkDeVos #RethinkDeVos #RethinkDeVos #RethinkDeVos #RethinkDeVos #RethinkDeVos #RethinkDeVos #RethinkDeVos #RethinkDeVos
Where is this prison in the photo located?
Behind the building in the field not shown on camera
You're the worst
Rethinking the Air Force Academy? 
Paying 100mil in campaign contributions doesn't make you qualified for your job it only makes you into the perks & your brother is a traitor
I'd rather rethink you.
Sending you an offer to see what a real school is like!I teach poor & minority kids so you could actually find out how great those kids are
Amen. Science and writing in urban setting. Teach kids, don't just sit for photo op. #RethinkDeVos. Drain unqualified #swampwater.

I'm a POC and I love you. I don't believe you're a racist. Like that comment if you share my sentiment.
Hey Betsy--someone on your staff should really take a course on creating a professional video. Sloppy!
Stay away from my kids schools. You know nothing about what my kids need, and I'm prepared to fight for them.
#RethinkDeVos
You are unqualified for the position you bought.
Or any job.
I wish you would call it a wrap and resign. 

#DumpDeVos
#PayToPlay
Look forward to hearing next steps. Our public schools are in desperate need of change and improvement. #SchoolChoice
She doesn't want to change and improve them, she wants to defund and get rid of them.
If underperforming, they should be defunded. Why put money into a failing school. Don't you want more for our kids?
So instead of helping schools to perform better you would rather shut them down? How is that giving children more? Rethink that, please.
Failing schools should be given help and put on probation. If they don't improve, shut it down.
60% of NYC kids are NOT proficient in math and English. In some schools, the number is higher. This has been going on for yrs. That ok w u?
