Just keep your legs crossed, 'cause you'll get ZERO assistance from this broad.
RESIGN. We know everything. Honestly lady. Do yourself a favor. You think it's stressful now in your Ivory Tower? Your brother loves Ivory
Except to scrub colleges rape stats. How is it to be the most despised sec of ED? U r an advocate of RAPE! A TRAITOR to all things decent!
Yep, expect the 99% to give even more? You have higher expectations and standards for us than you do for yourself! Ever feel embarrassed?
I'll believe this when I hear it from actual schools.
how much are you donating?
The best way you can help is to resign.  #StopBetsy
I know this one! What are "3 things Betsy does to make herself feel better about ruining the US education system to line her own pockets?"
The US educational system is already ruined check the stats where we rank. Schools are more like prisons.
Not saying it's not broken, but privatization, charter schools are not the way to fix it. Instead, get rid of BS common core, focus on STEM
Agree w/u on common core. I understand your view on stem but children who don't want to do stem still need proper education. 1/2
Charter Schools cost less per student. What I'd like to see is public schools have to up their game. Considering they get way more money.2/2
Teaching is about the only job you can get that job performance doesn't seem to matter. That needs to change. 2/3
It's hard to take u seriously when you say Davis who has been in her pos. 4 about 5 months, ruined a system that has been in place for dec.
Both my parents were public school teachers for a combined 73 years. DeVos is completely unqualified & has no interest in fixing pub schools
Marxist Feminist teachers and Professors crushed the critical thinking skills of millions of vulnerable American children, ...who now vote.
Yeah, I'm sure the teachers of Texas hadn't thought about that. BTW you are corrupt: https://www.buzzfeed.com/mollyhensleyclancy/betsy-devos-hiring-of-a-former-for-profit-college-dean-to?utm_term=.cfa2w5ZeE … via @mollyhc
Will you be helping victims of rape seriously you have a problem with rape victims what happened
did you send in your check for a million oh wait thats what you gave trump for your job..lol

You first. Resign.
Where is the DeVos family donation?
Are you actually going to help or just give lip service?
Shut up. If you want to do something for education, resign and let someone qualified take your position
Where do we send the shotguns? I hear there is an alligator problem now...
Are you helping and donating? Good teachers lead by example.
how much are you & your family donating? Or are donations only for getting cabinet positions and military contracts?
Donating? Try profiting!
I want to like this tweet, but I truly despise you as a human being
Can I rob schools like you?
How about rethinking the whole destroying public education  thing!  That would be helpful!
Like you care. You bought this job.
How much $ are you personally donating? After all, had enough $ to buy your job. #unqualified #RESIGN
$0.00
Why not donate the budget cut money to help ALL the schools in TX instead of profiting off of Charter Schools?
Fill our schools with unqualified people just like you.
#BanCommonCore
You're not a philanthropist, you're a philanderer
Home School your kids This clown don't do anything to help the kids Stop Common Core as promised
How about YOU STEP DOWN? You don't belong here. You don't belong near children. You don't belong near schools. LEAVE YOUR OFFICE.
Please list your accomplishments since taking office. You can fit it in one tweet I'm sure.
1. Photo ops
2. Found the pencils
3. Vague meaningless tweets
4. BEARS ARE DANGEROUS 
5. Steal money from the poor to give to the rich
Are those the public school officials whose unions you are trying to destroy that you are now expecting support from?  cuz thats pretty bad
We will follow your lead.  Would great to see you donate your time or money!
Thank you for your hard work
Maybe instead of donating to failed GOP policies, like "School Choice", YOU could actually donate to worthy causes instead of your own.
You are a joke, Bets!!!
Are you donating some of your millions? You know, the same millions you used to BUY your position instead of EARNING IT....
Great Betsy!
Please.. are you volunteering? lending a hand? no - so shut up!
Will Amway be sending tons of products to help?
Will any grizzly bears be helping?
You can help by stepping down
Are you going there? Are you donating? What hand are you going to lend to fix the schools that are underwater?  What exactly are you doing?
Photo ops most likely.
You could help by resigning. You're bad for schools. "School choice" is a facade to funnel money from public schools. Resign already.
The African American Community who is begging for school choice must be just looking for another way to Bilk the system. Right? Racist.
You could the most Bets! Donate some of that cash you have reserved for GOP campaigns. @BetsyDeVosED
ALL these rude responses is disheartening. Whats wrong w/ our society? If you have nothing nice to say, say nothing
Betsy isn't listening. She still posts her rude, disheartening tweets.
What are you actually doing? Doubt you're donating any of your precious millions. Probably trying to find a way to profit off this tragedy.
Reminder-you bought your job.
Says the woman who's sole achievement in life was marrying some money.   #MAGA #DrainTheTrump
#fire Devos this woman has zero clue!
Why don't you lead the way yourself, Betsy? 
No one wants this to be about promoting your department. People need real help because of this catastrophe.
What charities are you helping with your millions while teachers are swamped in school debt that you're making money off of in shady loans?
Which local schools? What about the rest of the nation? What about what the PARENT CHOICE? Or PUB SCHOOL   TAX BREAK for not using Pub. Sch.
Resign
You are the most incompetent member of a historically incompetent cabinet.  Quite an achievement!
Please quite pretending you care one whit about people outside your tax bracket.  You are a national embarrassment and a fraud.
Great idea! Texas can use all help and coordination they can get!
You suck.
Can you point me in the direction of someone who can make sure you never work in education again?
Great! Texas needs us now!
Zero respect for you Devos. #FakeChristian
How's that Secretary of Education post you bought coming along?
The education system "is" already ruined. It needs saving by logical people and non socialists
Hey genius, the education system has always been socialist. It helped us become the most educated country in the world. Back when we cared.
Education isn't charity.
I hope you're donating some of your millions!!!

#DumpDeVos
Hahaha! Fat chance!
