Also enjoyed advocating rape culture 
That is the dumbest thing I've read all day.
Really? You must not read Trump's tweets.
All the time. You're just regurgitating resist & antifa talking points. Read something other than lib rags and critically think for yourself
I think you should take your own advice. Think for yourself.
Maybe you should stop drinking the resist kool-aid!

I'm a liberal and ......
#BetsyDeVos #1 greatest threat to education is..... #BetsyDeVos.  Put someone with NO chance in HE'LL of helping education. #FAKEBETSY
How do you know? What has she proposed that makes her a threat?
They can't provide any facts. They just hate her irrationally because she believes in charter schools that are a threat to unions.
Also, bc Trump appointed her and she is breathing I am guessing as well. Let's see what she comes up with first and then assess it.
She wasn't appointed, she bought her spot
Here's a good history for y'all
resign
Why?
Charter school and private school don't require teachers to be accredited
Yea, that's not true and where I am they have higher standards across the board than public.
Yes, I could see your argument, public schools in Virginia probably have super low standards
But not poor students eh Betty?
How is that?
She obviously advocates for rich children
What is your documented evidence of that? I'm not "rich" and I see the benefits for my kids.
Documented evidence:
"..the privatizing of education..fueled by very wealthy ppl who call themselves ed “reformers.” 
http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_59b533c4e4b0d0c16bb52d80/amp …
Well so many jobs that students are not qualified for must mean Edu needs reforms.
How's #EdReform working out for Michigan schools? #privatization is NOT the answer. #edchat @indivisiblefrr #citizenryoverworkerbots
No serious educator takes you seriously. #nomorekochpuppets #unqualified
Many serious educators have to be able to handle change. The job market is changing and the students are not....stuck in same old text books
Your response has zero to do with how disgustingly unqualified devos is for her position. And there is not a logical argument otherwise.
Finally a Fed Edu Dept reaching ALL students. Jobs are out there waiting for these skilled students. They have been ignored for too long!
The pub ed sys in NYC is failing. Only 40% of kids are proficient in math and English. The Mayor is beholden to the unions. We need change!
Why don't you get a teaching degree and see if you can help since we are blaming teachers for children failing.
Why would I do that? I pay taxes for an education system, one that has been underperforming for decades. It must be fixed.
Just saying....everyone says it must be fixed but no one knows how...step into a classroom. Take a look. See what you can do before judging.
I don't like my colorist but I'm not going to cosmetology school.  I'll find a new one bc I have choice. Same w schools; find the best one.
You go do that.
That's the complacency and denial that allows the failing school system to survive. You may be satisfied with mediocrity; I'm not.
#ReThinkSchools #rktoday #tradepride #apprenticeships #WorkBasedLearning

Sec. DeVos spending time with 2nd yr appr. during her visit.
Please repeal common core
Do you even know what common core is? Most people who say this don't.
Many parents know what a mess it CC has made of school work. Yes they know they are not stupid. Time for a change it's not working.
Keep islam OUT of OUR SCHOOLS!
This isn't a Theocracy so....
Chocolate Do you mean Students who are Islamic? Or Islam teaching?
Thank you for your work against an out of control school system
Which company and where is local?
@WeAreRK
Thank you for your commitment to education. The future is bright!

The people who dislike her are overpaid teachers union members who have failed several generations of kids.
Nope.  Why don't you read about what she did to the Detroit school system.
Workforce development?  That's what you're aiming at with underfunding our public schools.  My kids deserve college just like you!
what about child labor laws ?
#RethinkDeVos
Your ruining this country
How?
She has no experience with public schools and wants to take funds away from them
I haven't read anything official that says that is what she is doing. Can you post the link?
Where is this? Is it a business? Why not promote it?
@WeAreRK
Your donations and policies made Michigan's schools worse.
Spoken like a true union member. Unwilling to give students a chance to compete in the race for skilled jobs. Give the kids a chance.
Enjoyed shooting bears.
You are not working on creating opportunities for ALL students! #ReThinkDevos
How do you know? Where is it in writing that says only certain students will have opportunities?
Betsy is brilliant.  Don't back down!
Amen!!! 

Ugh. Are you still here?
Glad she is, you... NOPE. Try to get classy .
Vocational courses worthwhile bring those back useful for many students
I shockingly agree with you.
Vocational drafting course I took in high school helped me land a job my freshman year in college so yes they're important I think
When you have a Trade you can always rely on it for a job thankful that I had an opportunity for a Trade course it really helped me
I agree. I think that while 4 year colleges are great there are other options like vocational training. We need those trained ppl!
Remember our students with disabilities are great additions to the workforce. Responsible and hardworking with the right supports.
Betsy knows this and works for special needs kids. Ella B Bell is doing the opposite though & trying to segregate them, disgrace.
No doubt Sec. DeVos is doing what she can. Just wanted to remind her. 

Please allow me to play tag here: @GVSUcareers × @SenStabenow do implement  Internships. Let's live to strengthen. 
http://sbdcmichigan.org/ 
damn you left out @IvankaTrump shes going to tell daddy she missed a photo opp
#rethinkwhyyouhavethisjob
Thank you for all your hard work and efforts, Betsy DeVos!
@SenWarren #RethinkBetsyDevos
#RethinkBetsyDevos
Schools that offer workforce training are punished because their students aren't typically the highest test scorers.  This is a sad fact.
Plz end common core. It's making our kids dumb.
That's the plan. There's been a dumbing down being implemented for several decades now and it's working. Intelligence is way down in the US.
Awesome! Keep up the truth  you are a very brave patriot with the best interest of our children and future at heart . We need you 
The purpose of #Education is not to stock your workforce. It is to produce students who turn into culturally literate adults. #stopFedEd
Auto shop, wood shop, home ec, should be taught in all high schools!!
Please quit your day job. #sosad #trumpchump
How are you supporting the K-12 public schools that 90% of American children attend?
The best thing you can do is concentrate on School Loan Reform.
#ReThinkDeVos
Yay for slut shaming sexual assault victims nose to the sky with your damn stripper name
More like enjoy taking away opportunities for students. What about the survivors? Where are their opportunities?
Did you overwhelm them with your huge list of accomplishments? Here's a recap:

1.

#RethinkResignation

Keep on keepin' on Ms DeVos!
#Moron
#rethinkdevos #resigndevos
News flash Betsy...effective teachers don't like you or your policies.
if you won't pray in school, i won't think in church.
2 Black People In Picture! That's Community Development for Who?
#RethinkDeVos
@BetsyDeVos vets a fraud that bought her seat with her husband's family fortune and can't even spell Rethink correctly. #swampwater
Apprenticeships and allowing #highschool #students to take #college courses can boost the workforce and make education more affordable.
You are an embarrassment to hard working educators.
The fight against students
Did you know my public school district works with businesses to prepare students for the workforce?  And we're a #publicschool !
Betsy DeVos has never held a job that she got through merit. Even her supporters don't seriously challenge that statement.
No amount of photo ops will change the fact that you are less qualified for your job than a freshman college student majoring in education.
Please fix texas school system...we need to get rid of CommonCore so teachers can finally teach!
You're not a teacher, and you have no idea what goes on in the classroom.

He beat a high school girl almost to death with a hammer. He's now GOP secretary in Broward County. https://news.vice.com/story/florida-gop-secretary-attacking-a-girl-with-a-hammer …
#DumpDeVos
End CommonCore
In case you missed it, Betsy, you can call 1-800-258-6000 RIGHT NOW to donate to hurricane relief for Americans in need
Thank you for all your hard work! God bless you! 

Yes, people like you ARE HILARIOUS. Libnutz always are.
Provide details please. Tired of all the thank yous. Give us something to get excited about
You haven't resigned yet?  You sicken 2/3 of Americans.
Please bring in choice in New York
Betsy, we have all been indoctrinated by science and religion. If
you can admit it & face that reality visit
Look at all the men... I estimate a 'fair' distribution, compared to the average education admin pic, which is nearly exclusively women.
Have you learned the difference between growth & proficiency? You want everyone to be as ignorant as you? Impossible! We see right thru u!!!
How about you THINK about anyone besides yourself and how much money you and your family can make off of SCREWING us!!
Can you give us any policy updates? Any information? Data? Anything?
@BetsyDeVosED Bets can't give updates to SHIT she does not understand or know the slightest thing about. #DumbBitchBetsyDeVos
Evidence?
I sure this is you latest scam to line your pockets
#RethinkSchool and workforce preparation together to meet the challenges of tomorrow.
@usedgov  heard from Alaskas delegation on our federal entity Alaska Student Loan Corp millions irreconcilable enabling fraud?

U need to move to the Middle East. They'll show you where to put your finger and give U the lessons in obedience U desire.
Sounds like you admire the Middle East, lessons in obedience sounds a little sm though
By investing in charter schools? Good one.
Resign
We could copy Finland and use US research about best practices? Just kidding. Let's continue to use school to enrich you and your family.
If you enjoyed it and aren't covered in overripe tomatoes, then local leaders didn't do their job to protect their kids from your icy grip.
