U.S. fourth-graders’ performance in reading #literacy declined between 2011 & 2016. View more #PIRLS results here: https://nces.ed.gov/pubsearch/pubsinfo.asp?pubid=2018017 … @TIMSSandPIRLS @iea_education 
How about through vouchers? Make competition the enabler to motivate schools.
Teachers are already motivated to do the best for our students. We keep teaching in spite of all the obstacles placed in front of us. A school should not be run like a business.
Thank you. You proved my point. Schools would be more motivated to get those good teachers when they compete against other schools. And in turn pay those teachers more and get better results for the students.
You can't keep good teachers because we pay them half as much as other countries and give them twice the class size. What other business model makes sense like that? We need better engineers, let's give ours twice as much work and half the pay!
Trump must rethink your nomination as secretary of education
#rethinkDeVos
Maybe it's time to let the professionals come to the table. As teachers, we experience firsthand the struggles our students face. We are also quite capable of coming up with creative solutions.
It’s called... common core!  Dummying down our kids. And yes... we must #RethinkSchool and have #SchoolChoice for all!
Is that what happened to @foxnews
Fund Libraries!!!!!
Side note can we get more pictures of that amazing pig of yours  I hear they make great pets!
They do make great pets if you have patience. They are like a 4 year old. Follow her on Instagram totally_tallulah_thepig
Fed govt nds to partner w/very expensive afterschool tutoring programs like sylvan/ mathnasium to bring them into the public school system. All ss will achieve bc they pinpoint exactly where ss probs lie & what to focus on. Made avail to all ss
M’am, when you leave your post and this joke of a prez is discarded then perhaps the deserving children of this wonderful country will have a chance. You and your philosophy are a disgrace. #shame
Yes. Please get rid of common core and institute civics class in Middle and high school.
solution? "we must do better" is not a solution.
Yes, of course. But why, for example, is reading recovery(intervention) only available until second grade in some districts? What if the student is in third or fourth, or worse, sixth grade, and still can't read effectively?
Reading Recovery is an intervention specific to 1st grade. Readers in other grades need a different type of intervention to close the achievement gap between them and their grade level peers.
There are better whole of class ways of teaching reading, which reduces the need for intervention. Systematic synthetic phonics for all. Reading recovery doesn’t work anyway.
a true dumb ass this woman is!!  
The high-scoring countries were from affluent families while the U.S. while predominately testing low-income students.
What this DOES show is the lack of education among low-income children. It's not that they're less capable
That's not your agenda. Your agenda is to destroy Public schools and poor children's access to education. https://www.usnews.com/opinion/articles/2017-04-18/donald-trump-and-betsy-devos-budget-destroys-public-education-for-kids …
Donald Trump and Betsy DeVos' Budget Destroys Public Education ...
Please learn about dyslexia. If there is early intervention w/multisensory programs you can drastically improve reading scores. Talk to Dr. Shaywitz at Harvard. Our teachers need professional development & support. Our state of Michigan is 1 of 8 states w/no dyslexia legislation.
We must re-think all the collective decisions in the states and the nation that weakened accountability in the late 2000s and early 2010s. We were making great progress in the 2000s, BUT are no more. I SEE NOTHING IN YOUR PROGRAM TO RECTIFY THIS, MADAME SECRETARY!
You moved to cut funding to EARLY EDUCATION programs (when the most essential reading development happens in a child's life) and TEACHER TRAINING. The audacity to peddle dubious data comparisons & claim you care about students & teachers is galling.

you are nothing else than a dumb ass woman, no idea what to be a teacher is, you are nothing else than a hypocrite bigot, just like your boss at the WH, keep licking his ass, soon you will be kicked out of your job!!, Americans are tired of people like yourself!!
Yes, there is improvement needed in reading achievement.  Part of that is properly screening for common reading disorders like the millions of children walking the halls with undiagnosed dyslexia.  Also, not "reassigning" public money for private schools!

New: Betsy DeVos wants to expand school voucher programs throughout the U.S. Get ready for that list to include schools that promote Scientology. http://bit.ly/2nQtDcq 
Maybe u shld ACTUALLY KILL COMMON CORE! It’s still here, u know? #RepealESSA #StopDataMining #NOSEL #NOGlobalEducation @POTUS  #GetOutOfTheUN #GetTheUNOUTofRKidsEducation #KeepYourPromise 2 the PARENTS who voted for U!
Shut up
So what do you propose to do about it?
Some folks read but don't learn!  Some folks learn but really don't read.  We are not all cut out of the same mold!
My students can't move ahead when every year, they come ill prepared for school.  As a teacher, I can't control whether or not students have been read to,  have been exposed to trauma, are not getting enough sleep, among many other things.  When are parents held accountable?
So clearly NCLB, common core, and standards based ed is a good thing.... 
We think a big part is that we must #SAYDyslexia #screen #serve with evidence based interventions &accommodations @BetsyDeVosED @EdNCES
Absolutely!
Interesting statistic; however, the measurable difference between 2011 and 2016 is slight. I agree we need to #rethinkschool ; however, it must be contextually based. Even charter schools tend to be one-size-fits all, we need to give power back to teachers.
Hear! Hear! Well said!
So we're going to do things those other countries do like cut our class size in half and increase teacher pay to compete? No? Just tax dollars for Jesus camp? Cooooooooolllllllll.......

Just how an oligarch like Deripaska behaves...

(THREAD) Erik Prince—Trump advisor; ex-head of a murderous mercenary army; would-be head of Trump's private spy agency; would-be head of a privatized U.S. army—is a dangerous liar. He just testified under…
Invest more in libraries/librarians > more self-selected reading > higher PIRLS scores. Krashen, S., Lee, S.Y. & McQuillan, J. 2012. Is the library important? Multivariate studies at the national & international level. Journal of Language & Literacy Education, 8(1): 26-36.
Have you looked at turnaround arts?
Until we take the time to look at education system through the eyes of our children.   They will continue to fail
Wow! How profound! Now GTFO.
Trump would go up in my book if he fires this worthless hag. She sucks at life and at her job.
Restore Education NOT reform it.  students need an education of opportunity not equity bring back phonics, sentence structure, cursive, and traditional math #REPEALESSA #RESTOREFERPA #ENDFEDED
You need 2 resign you are NO help whatsoever for any students period @Merlin333 @MarilynCapps @kiki22wj @kellyz713 @sawsharee @Sailcat2 @just_old_joe @JohnLibert3 @Jerusal53393006 @MaxMaxsilva1946 @MaxBoot @KamalaHarris @SenFeinstein @SenSanders @MichelleNews
Yes, you truly are ignorant @BetsyDeVosED
We must rethink our Secretary of Education
Dude, we get it. You are a fraud wrapped in a drag queen. Step down and let someone who actually cares do this. Mmmmkay?
Betsy you are the most hated woman in Michigan. Do not come back! We do not want any more of your stain on our state.
Find somewhere else.
Yes. Make it only for those who can afford high priced private schools. That will improve graduation rates and stop those pesky underprivileged kids from hurting gpa
THEY CANT MOVE AHEAD IF EDUCATION AND READING IS BELOW FOOD SHELTER AND SAFETY ON THEIR HEIRARCHY OF NEEDS. IT'S A POVERTY PROBLEM NOT A SCHOOL PROBLEM.
Think maybe tripling time for reading, reducing history, geography, science, art, music, health and PE has something to do with decline? Remember teachers didn't make these decisions. Problems started in DC!
Maybe parents can just all homeschool their children. Do away with educational institutions. Anyone can teach, right!?! Anyone can be in charge of Education, right?!?
How do you propose to fix the problem? How much experience do you have in teaching reading? Where would you start?
Resign.
#rethinkdevos how about placing teachers with  real experience in power #resigndevos equal funding for all schools #honortheiep
are you taking into consideration and a majority of the work that needs to be done needs to be address in the homes and communities of the students-
Then resign.  We can do better than you.
Funding #stateFamilyEngagementCenters is a good start. Supporting #FamilyEngagement and supporting working families are other ways. Kids can't learn if they are hungry or don't have a roof over their heads.
Many schools no longer have access to in-house libraries and certified media specialists. Staffing and filling school libraries is an excellent way to advance literacy and love of reading.
This is a great idea!!! Reading is fundamental aspect of life. It is vital for educators and parents to help students understand that reading can be fun.
More time for student-selected reading choice. Too much time taken for assessments.
No student will succeed in this country while you are in your position.  You are a fraud and a huckster.
Invest more in libraries/librarians > more self-selected reading > higher PIRLS scores. Krashen, S., Lee, S.Y. & McQuillan, J. 2012. Is the library important? Multivariate studies at the national & international level. Journal of Language & Literacy Education, 8(1): 26-36.
No, you need to #RethinkFedEd and #RethinkCommonCore #RethinkFederallyMandatedStandardizedTests and get the federal government out of our local schools. Data proves FedEd has done more harm than good.
That’s where the democrats want them so they can keep getting their votes.  Your doing a great job, keep up the good work!
Please ban CommonCore.  It was a campaign promise!
Lol...GOP and Croonies aren't real good on keeping those!
School choice is the best answer.  Thanks for you attention.
http://tomwoods.com/ep-1050-how-state-and-society-invented-adolescence-and-screwed-up-young-people/ … please listen to this
Have 1st-6th grade 210 days of school to solidify basic skills. 11th-12th should be turned into an AA, AS or trade school certificate.
The report showed US levels were UP by 7 points. 

Why would the Ed Secretary do that? Too stupid to read a report or hoping to siphon money from public schools? What is WRONG with you??
All the more reason to invest in hot lunches, teacher training and support, and other basic needs.
You have my full support
Really?
I’ll agree with that.
PRESS RELEASE
Ca,are we doing enough for our kids 
#ePIRLS
Chestnut Hill, Mass. (12/5/17 @BetsyDeVosED @realDonaldTrump @DanScavino
Sight-Word reading programs fail. Get back to phonics based reading curriculum, like “All About Reading”. It’s even proven very successful with children who have learning disabilities. Excellent, proven effective program and kids enjoy it while teachers like to teach it.
The increase in charters and the defunding of public schools are primary reasons for the drop you #uselessprincess
We must do better for our admistation in DC!  They are falling behind! We must #rethinksecretaryofeducation
@EdNCES please resign. You are not qualified.
You are someone who has never spent a day inside a classroom for anything other than a photo op. You haven't the slightest clue the systemic issues that affect educational outcomes. You just wanna line your pockets you crook.
Betsy thanks for all your help in getting all children the best education possible. God bless you and all Americans.
We have the research and know how, we need more teachers with fewer students. Look up direct instruction.  #getaclue
Go away
Stop mandating all the testing, RTI, and let teachers teach.
Absolutely - must improve reading literacy, and learning music is proven to elevate success! Here is what was emailed @usedgov Feb.7th, and still awaits the courtesy of your reply: http://www.stringquest.com/betsy-devos-vision-proposal …  
(Hope your team has given to you, and await your response - thank you!)
Oh please. You can barely read and certainly can't speak. Just buy another congressman or two and they will read for you. You are American ISIS. The new republican terrorist.
You must quit
We Know!!

What's your plan????????
How about addressing the root causes of their lack of success like poverty for one.
I thought you were going to resign? Everyone wants you to resign.
Yes, indeed!
Best thing we can do is make pre-k free and widely available. Too bad we are moving in the opposite direction under your leadership.
It’s a vicious cycle. My wife and I read to our kids when they were young and they learned to enjoy a good story. If they aren’t introduced to it when they’re young children... odds are...
You’re right @BetsyDeVosED put better funding into public schools and staff them properly.
And it cannot be only about those that can afford it!
Start with our president. Stop giving him picture books tell him to be a man and read
Students' parents no longer know their parental duties for helping their children with their studies. They seem to think it's the teacher's job to raise their children and teach respect and self-discipline. They're wrong.
Betsy talks a good game when she discusses generalities, but when it comes to specifics her only ideas revolve around cutting funding or having for-profit companies run schools.
We don't need to rethink school. We need a commitment to research based practices and the funding to implement them. Educators know what needs to be done, but schools lack the support, resources, and professional development to do it successfully.
So you do that by defunding public schools?  Brilliant Bets!
And you are qualified to make this declaration, how exactly?
Get rid of common core !
Must be from NCLB?

To do that we must first get @realDonaldTrump real to drain the swamp of unqualified, swamp water seat buying political donors who have no right to the seat they sit.  #RethinkDeVos Your bribery to attain the seat dishonors all of us who served...
...of Education – SC elected education official – serves in administrative capacity,minimal policy input. Ed policy is by the State Board of Education and the EOC,also the least accountable, answer not to citizens, but lawmakers. YOU MUST COME TO SC, TALK TO SHERI FEW, USPIE!
SOUTH CAROLINA K-12 education is technically overseen by three different entities: the Department of Education (DOE); the State Board of Education; and the Education Oversight Committee (EOC). However, the authority of the DOE is quite limited. Furthermore, the Superintendent....
Reading foundations occur between birth and age 5. Best thing we can do for kids to get a leg up in education is have free public preschool available from infancy through age 5. #earlychildhoodliteracy #prereadingskills #vocabularydevelopment
also, greater/paid maternity/paternity leave so that parents can be with children in very formative years
Well then why don't you step down and allow a qualified person to take over. Oh and while you're at it, you can go teach at your school that is being given tax breaks, but no other school is. Huh. What do we call THAT shady shit, Betsy?
I'm confident biggest factor in declining literacy is due 2 #DyslexiaDenial. No #screening, no proper #intervention, no #science-based #curriculum, no #language-based classrooms, Teachers don't receive #dyslexia training...there is NO #FAPE 4 #Dyslexics. This MUST change NOW!
You are literally the worst person ever
So are these test of growth or proficiency?
Perhaps you should end your war on public schools and support them and their teachers.
So has the culture. The Public Ed System w/Liberal Arts Indoctine must share the responsibility by not teaching the important things of life, Heart & Soul with love & respect, accountability, conscequenes for wrong choices, discipline & obedience to moral character & behaviors
So does that mean you’re going to start to listen to teachers and what we actually need?
more common sense, less Betsy DeVos #rethinkbetsydevos #devos #betsydevos #throwupinmymouth
I.  NEED.  THIS.  SHIRT.
WE MUST GIT RID OF COMMON CORE!!  Back to basics that we ALL learned from!  Your campaign promise!!  Uh....WAITING!
*GET
We definitely have lots of work to do. I don't trust you to lead that effort, Betsy. Sorry.
Shut the stupid, consortium scripted, corporate, LAPTOPS! Open books! Pull out crayons, color & share what you read, write summaries, small stories..enjoy it AGAIN. It's what bill gate's children enjoyed..just not public children
then dont take away money from public schools
You’re a thief.
If the parent DON'T read The child WON'T read Get them ALL hooked on Phonics & Engaged them in their Education. They didn't ask to come here
They can never move any further ahead than what they or we can See. Love teaches that we must teach our children Love and all pertaining to Heart. This is the foundation or should I say the cornerstone missing in culture today with anger. Change Hearts, change culture!
"Our"?!?  Cutting funding for after school programs was such a brilliant idea!  Resign. You are completely unqualified for this job and you know it.
Hmm I have an idea let's cut funding to help the educational system. Oh wait some moron stole my idea...
You are a disgrace
Al you care about is  betsy.
You are really bad for children.
Please list all of your accomplishments in a response.
Thanks
Close all public schools and give parents vouchers to send their kids to schools of their choice.
hmm who's going to run/teach the private schools? Oh yeah all those people with edu degrees that got laid off!
excellent plan 
Betsy your the worst example of helping with education. Your whitepower agenda isn’t lost on anyone. You’ve ducked up destroyed everything you’ve touched so far.
Schools that drop common cor e and buck federal money's excel in student testing.
I say, go for broke and teach knowledge, not state sponsored idiocracy
Privatization is not the answer
Trump girl
Fancy hashtag but once again no real substance. Just face it, you can read the chart but you don't have the slightest idea where to begin with a solution. You are over your head and for the sake of the kids you serve it would be best to sneak out the back door. We won't fault you
It is because of budget cuts, kids going to school hungry and do not have food at home to think straight,  also poor healthcare.
First you must remove these teachers that indoctrinate these children.
Any ideas, strategies, initiatives, etc. from an experienced educator like yourself?  Maybe even one suggestion instead of a D- hashtag?
How about a tax plan that helps support these goals?
So let’s continue to pull resources from public schools to fund other who don’t perform well. Sound plan!
Worst plan ever!
None of our students can move ahead under your “leadership”
Maybe they could get ahead like you did. If only they had the luck to come out of a rich person's crotch, they too could buy a cabinet position.
Then rethink reading...
@BetsyDeVosED great idea! How about you give teachers more money so we can be successful? Sending money to private/charter schools isn’t helping a majority of students.
Why not fail the kids who aren’t keeping up? Let them repeat the grade until they get it. Social pressure will make them perform. This takes no more funding...
Because as teachers, we are forced to pass kids. I can’t give 0’s. I can’t fail kids. I’m not allowed to.
@jennyren05 Thanks so much for saying this. This is THE problem. Until this is corrected, our schools are doomed to put out an inferior product. I know this isn’t the teachers fault. How can we say the schools are for the kids when this is happening?
I’m so sorry for the kids first, and the teachers that have to go through such a broken system! All the money in the world can’t fix this.
No, it won’t. But it sure would help us have more resources, smaller class sizes, and more opportunities for the kids.
Rotating accelerating students allows it
Rotate them where? My school did that last year. It doesn’t work.  High achievers get sacrificed for “bubble kids” because if you can get them to pass, it looks better for your school. So the lowest and highest kids get ignored. Doesn’t work.

Then give low income school districts more funding!! These kids need more than just a reading program!!
The kids that aren’t performing need to be failed and made to repeat the grade. More funding will not make them better students...
Socially, being held back won't fix the problem. It just makes them more likely to drop out. More funding will help. Their parents didn't talk with them, the didn't teach their ABC's, or take them to preschool. Funding makes a world of difference.
Who says failing and having to repeat a grade doesn’t work? It’s painful for children to fail! It makes them learn not to do that again...
Like I said, SOCIALLY it is an issue. Social skills clearly aren't your strong point. Are you a teacher? Teacher's assistant? Principal? An educator in any way shape or form? If not, you opinion doesn't make a difference in the matter. Same as DeVos.
I’m not an educator. If you are, your comprehension needs work as you didn’t address my question. Why are you not allowed to fail children when they don’t meet the standards?
I don't give grades at all. I did say that. We do fail children at my school. We are not allowed to hold kids back without parent permission. I don't always agree with it either way.
This shows even more the value of ongoing literacy support at all levels.
Sure, #RethinkSchool, but let's get real, not your way.
You should be ashamed of yourself....
If a child isn't reading by 4th grade 2/3 will end up in proverty and/or prison. 25% students, 70% special ed, and 98% incarcerated youth are visually impaired. Struggling students should always have an eye exam. #convergenceinsufficiency
Children should have eye exams. I agree with you there,  but if a child isn’t reading by the fourth grade, they should be put back in the third grade. This is the real problem!
I taught classes where 10th graders read on first grade lvl. That should not happen. However, until this year, many schools didn't recognize non acuity based vision impairment. They said double vision wasn't a visual impairment.
I agree that this is a problem. Not near as big of a problem as promoting kids through the grades without being able to perform. When this is fixed, we will see great results... until then, we are wasting our time. I don’t see why anyone would want to teach in this system...
I remain hopeful as I am working on legislation with my lawmakers that students referred for or receiving special ed services get eye exams. Schools help parents if necessary. I am also working with a group on legislation that requires better reading training for teachers.
I believe those are fine issues to work on. Why aren’t teachers allowed to fail children and have them repeat a grade? Where does this come from?
Multiple studies have shown that students who are retained are much more likely to dropout. Often, retention as an intervention promotes hopelessness rather than "motivating" students to do better.
Even after addressing the vision issues, my son lacked the phonics skills, and I had never been trained in structured literacy. Now with tutoring, he has caught up, and I have learned more effective ways to teach reading that every teacher should know and reinforce every yr.
We must rethink you as sec.of edu. Just resign already. Your $million a month for personal security is a slap in the face of parents all across America.
Vouchers Already Vouchers. Schools Stamps
You must shut up.  You have zero idea what you're talking about. #rethinkDevos
And what is your plan for Title I funding? Will you fight to keep that?

#RethinkDeVos
Resign
They can’t move ahead if you saddle them with loan debt they can’t possibly repay. #unfit
Schools need to get back to basic learning and not spend so much on social justice and feeding students. Let the municipality feed them and let the schools teach.
If only someone would come along and take funding away from public schools to solve this issue!
Fewer parents work with their kids at home as they did in the past.  What’s  just as important is doing away with the dangerous liberal education curriculum that is warping the minds of our kids and turning them out as socialist robots!
We don’t need to REthink-we don’t need to think at all!!!  We are so fortunate that we can just copy Finland’s model education system. I’m sure you’ve studied it given your role as a leader in education. The teachers and Government of Finland will help you!!
You must go away. You have zero background in education or public service and only want to make MORE money at our expense. #Shameful
You are such a hack!!!!  You don’t have any idea of how to help educate people because you are incapable of doing this job. Idiotic buzz phrases don’t make you look any more capable. Resign!
Your inexperience shows. You are clueless. Thought you were resigning? How many days off have you taken this year? #DumpDevos
Our students can't move ahead - in school or in life - if they're hungry, tired, or sick. We must do better for students, parents & educators. We must #RethinktheGOPtaxplan
Will obviously they weren't getting that either from 2011-2016
Absolutely!  This report did not say what they measured nor what data set they used.  It’s not comparing apples to apples. It’s comparing apples to the whole produce section!  Fearmongering is what the current administration does best.
Been following the Douglas County CO school board? Our conservative County just voted against everything you stand for! Bye bye vouchers!
Rethink it into something you can make money from amirite you leach?
Yuuup
I can assure you Betsy, that if you resign the children will do much better in schools if given the proper resources. We know you won't do that. #FakeChristian
Please fix our education system. It’s scary!
Perhaps, instead of giving tax cuts to billionaires like you, additional funding for education and not eliminating tax deductions for teachers who have to buy their own supplies would help.
#RethinkDeVos
You just don't get it. By going to voucher system, you're taking money from public schools and helping people who have money pay for private and more expensive (and religious) schools. We need consistent and well designed public curriculum across all states.
Go Away..... Now please
We need to rethink the all the #LIARS LIKE YOU in the GOP
There's actually compelling evidence that #universalprek is a cost effective way to reach this goal, with a huge return on the investment. Unfortunately, this admin makes policy based on opinion rather than actual data. Continuing to leave millions of children behind.
The teachers and professors of America are GENUINELY stressed out, Madam Secretary. Survival-mode bad.

You have immense untapped leverage in the unionized teachers that can overpower the unions themselves.

Cincinnatus would be proud.
Stop trying to defund and condemn public schools and actually do your job.
ReThinkSchool doesn't mean private religious schools or charter schools - that means STOP CUTTING THE EDUCATION BUDGET FOR YOUR PET FAILING PROJECTS.
When the parents both work there is NO parental contact or conversation. No "I'm proud of you" or "great job".
Reminder that the new testing was initially implemented during this period. (Also was revised) As teachers learned the nuances of the testing, our kids scores improved. Revamped tests (in any setting) usually have dips before the teachers and students figure out the test.
Just giving us a chart and telling us to do something different doesn’t help.
