While you sit and destroy the futures of another generation by rolling back protections and appointing cronies into undeserved positions. 
Do you even know what this day is all about? Did you have to search Google?
Please remember victims of sexual assault and fight for a world where the words #ibelieveyou is accepted.
God bless you and keep up the great work
Today we all hope you'll resign and go back to Amway and your prayer group.
Well said Betsy!
... tweets Betsy from her $3,000 toilet as her servants prepare her evening tea downstairs, adding extra ex-lax tonight.
How about honoring the victims of campus sexual assault? What prompted you to champion the alleged perpetrators? Is this personal with you?
Please remember those in need of Title IX protection.
Thx BETS for your sweet words, but we all still know you're a greedy monster! Silly girl, you can't hide that. Sry not sry, boo boo 
Oh boy, how is the Liberal media gonna spin this!
We wont forget how unqualified you are

I hope a #TitleIX rapist fucks you up
& to war profiteers like ur family who made a TON of money killing  civilians & screwing the American taxpayer #MAGA
Your doing great! No doubt it's tough. We are behind you.
“the only reason women should go to college is to be comfort women for the rapists on the Football team.” - @BetsyDeVosED #LHHH #RHOC
.@BetsyDeVosED wrote rules that allow a WOMAN'S sexual history to be used in hearing but not a man's. Did her son rape his way thru college?
White boys feel that raping their classmates is part of the "fun" they are entitled to while at college. @BetsyDeVosED #RHOC #LHHH
https://twitter.com/montetjwitter11/status/785620970564452352/photo/1pic.twitter.com/HBjxrlLhW9  #NeverForget the man who lived is life as an unChristian wh0re
Invariably @KeithOlbermann will turn this into hate speech, whatever that is.
And today as we do that, we are reminded that people like you make their lives trivial due to your incompetence and ignorance.
#resign #dumb
With the exception of rape victims.
Why don't you fight for our freedom, and keep the Obama administration sexual assault on campus policies in place?!
The gays, the lesbians, the trandgenders, the immigrants, the DREAMERS... ALL of them who fight for our freedom. #saveDACA  #resist
That's nice.  What's the difference between "growth" and "proficiency"? Next to Sessions, you're the worst pick.
resign
D
U
M
P
.
D
E
V
O
S
#dump
Devos
#dumpDEVOS
Please resign, you're not qualfied for the position.  Quick frankly your policies are are an insult to parents and students.
We'll never forget how unqualified and pathetic you are. #neverforgetthatbetsyisforsexualharassment
Okay, so tomorrow will you please stop destroying our children's futures?
No.
Very kind and true words. How about taking your billions and donate to the families and chronically ill from that day?
Why does she have to donate her money? Are you asking everyone to do that or just those taking their time to serve our country?
If there really is a God, you would burst into flames.
Those are kind and triue words, even though you have no honor yourself.
So arm children to protect against terrorist bears.
And I'm sure you'll be the one in charge of putting that lying  crap in our next issued public  school books.
Sadly our Hx has been rewritten&fed 2 children 2 program them in2 confusion&progressivism. TCHRs can't teach 9/11 because Muslims complain!?
Who will remember the victims of campus sexual assault if you are allowed to minimize rules & regulations? You must be removed
Thank you for saving our education system. AMERICANS STAND WITH YOU
16 year illegal invasion.
Will you remember the female victims who overwhelmingly tell the truth in rape on campus cases or favor the minority of falsely accused men?
And remember you brother Eric got VERY rich off the backs of others.

#blackwater
#NisourSquare
The future rapists thank you.
I'm sure mattress girl is thrilled and all the others who make up stories, how about we afford them some protections?
I can't wait until you are gone from this role. You should be ashamed.
taking away protection of sexual assault victims on college campuses  WE WILL NEVER FORGET
#NeverForget how much your family paid for your govt appointment, Oligarch DeVos.
who wrote this for you? #tcot #Education @usedgov #CommonCore @educationweek @stop_commoncore #maga @realDonaldTrump #dts #BetsyDeVos
Thank you for your service to our Great Nation 

#WeRemember ⚘

Seriously, you bought the Secretary of Education position. Can you not hire someone to insert Oxford commas for you?
Today we remember the victims, honor the heroes and offer our deepest thanks to those who continue to fight for our freedom. #NeverForget
Today,we,remember,the,victims,honor,the,heroes,and,offer,our,deepest,thanks,to,those,who,continue,to,fight,for,our,freedom,#Never,Forget
You must have found those pencils by now and it looks like you used spell checker, but this is overdue so I'm still taking off points. C-
What if they are transgender?  You don't care about them in schools, why do you get to care about them because they are protecting you?
..which does not include you or any of the racists and misogynists currently in the WH
Thank you, especially on behalf of my husband, 20 years Navy, retired, disabled & falsely accused of sexual harassment.
We won but no accountability on part of school.
Terrible!
So unbelievable, I think it's time to tell the story--certainly puts things in perspective.
Go away. All you do is make deals w/your other rich buddies in the loan companied to screw our children out of a quality public education.
What about rape victims who are at risk because you haven't taken any action to keep them safe. Suspicious how you're just undoing rules.
She isn't. She's giving the accused due process, cuz Merica.
Be sides, how could anyone forget 911? It's only 3 numbers and you need it for emergensies
lol.  Is this a joke? our secretary of education spelled it "emergensies"? And the reasoning we won't forget it?  it's only 3 numbers? LOL!
