
Marxist assassins lurk... that's our world today.
marxist assassins?! where?! @shoq
hehe!!  YOU didn't watch the full clip did you? Including the asshole who jumped out in front of her car?  Nope.
wait, i thought you said it was a marxist assassin? @senatorbrittain
Yes... indoctrinated by Marxist Feminist teachers and Professors, the 'assassins' lurk... then sporadically emerge to do their deeds.
have you called the police about these very real marxist assassins? @deplorableryan
horrific times we live in. I'm scared to go 'downtown'
Please understand that the entire country knows you aren't qualified to sit very quietly in the back of PTA meeting, let alone be Sec of Ed
Please understand the country knows the current school system is failing our kids. We are ready for a major change! Thanks @BetsyDeVosED
 Yeah, charter schools are the answer....for her investment accounts. Michigan was thrilled with the job her family has done there. 
Charter schools wouldn't be major change. It's more govt controlled schools. We want fed govt out of schools completely! Major change...
If Betsy wanted the FedGovt out of #education she would leave school choice policies to states & dismantle the DOE. She won't do either.
where is the five year old with the bouquet of roses to present to the Queen?
That little slave is kept by Hillary's side.  RELEASE THE FLOWER GIRL HILLARY!!
There's a BIG DIFFERENCE between Free Speech & Job Requirements.  Each job people have, comes with restrictions. Teachers have restrictions.
You've never done an honest day's work in your life. The only time you've ever spent in a classroom was for a photo op. #wasteoftaxdollars
You're correct about DeVos! She's a millionaire idiot who thinks she can do a job she has no qualifications to do. Just like the 1%!
You're welcome! Now GTF out!
No disrespect at all to teachers at Woods but this is a lot easier in a school with 12 teachers and a very homogeneous student population
Check out http://www.teacherpowered.org  and you’ll see this model work in many settings.
Go be a teacher in a public school or college for a decade or so then maybe I'll almost respect you.
HANDS!!  I didn't see your hand John!  Go sit in the back of the class!
#ReThinkDeVos
Any public schools on that #ReThinkSchool tour?
Oh look... #swampwater at a photo op.
Correct, you can see the Marxist Feminist haters hanging out down the hall and against the back wall... HATE HATE HATE!
Your house is teacher-powered too right? I heard it takes 6 public school teachers to run ur jacuzzi. And 3 just to keep the botox stocked.
#DumpDeVoss

Ardent Marxist Feminist teachers hanging back in the shadows... they're stirring the pot in their minds, wondering how to spin this to bad.
Not too many smiles: bet the 'workers' didn't have much say in the 'visit' by the air-head-in-chief.
Thank you, Betsy! The future is bright!
It's not a charter school is it?
Will you EVER choose to visit a real public local school district.
Too many Marxist Feminist trained assassins, security is hard enough.
You're an #unqualified hack who's trying to siphon public funds for private schools. You're a disgrace and should #resign immediately.
Any school who would welcome you isn't worth the dirt its built on.  You are a menace to society.
No one looked happy to see you
Teacher powered, student centered....That describes EVERY school. What do you THINK is going on out there?? You really are full of singsong.

you wouldn't recognize superior learning if you saw it.Unqualified for position.There to give our tax $ to wealthy private sch
You shouldn't be allowed within 100 yards of a student anywhere in this country.
Trump education official: 90% of campus rape complaints "fall into the category of 'we were both drunk'"
Or rather, the female felt overly empowered and entitled and decided to make use of males for her pleasure.
Trump’s proposed after-school cuts could lead to more hungry kids, lower test scores - The Hechinger Report
Under Trump Budget, Nearly 2 Million Kids May Lose After-School Care : NPR Ed : NPR
You mean the after school care mandated by absentee parents who work extra hours to buy premium iPhones and live big? Come on, admit!
Trump donates $100K to Dept of Ed. Only $9,199,900,000 to go to make up for his $9.2B in proposed education cuts.
That's all he wants to cut?  Can't wash out all the embedded Marxist Feminists like that... cut more Trump!!
Trump administration picks former official at for-profit DeVry University to head student aid enforcement unit -
Donald Trump Could Make Schools More Dangerous | Teen Vogue
Teen Vogue teaches young girls to be promiscuous and immerse in risky behavior, how many Planned Parenthood clients had read Teen Vogue?
Trump’s Education Budget Feeds School Privatization At The Expense of Students http://bit.ly/2uWE0gH  via @BillMoyers
To the contrary, public schools and most universities are bastions of Marxist Feminists and their Socialist agenda, glad their shaken up!
Michigan Gambled on Charter Schools. Its Children Lost. - The New York Times
Marxist Feminist teachers are notoriously efficient at teaching their Socialism and anti-white male rhetoric and horrible at real educations
A sobering look at what Betsy DeVos did to education in Michigan-and what she might do as secretary of education -
Marxist Feminists love to join established institutions and like tumors grow into security and power.  Charter schools are in the spotlight.
Trump's Education Budget Would Hurt the Working Class - The Atlantic
The Atlantic only writes for elitists... so they wouldn't know.
DeVos voucher plan would exacerbate educational inequality | TheHill
Educational inequality makes PERFECT sense to everyone except Socialists who want all children CUT! to the same height, shape & color.
For rural America, school choice could spell doom
Then approach the SBA and get them to fund independent charter schools manned by retired teachers!
Mike Pence, Betsy DeVos and the Klan’s Long Shadow - In These Times: http://inthesetimes.com/article/19904/mike-pence-betsy-devos-and-the-klans-long-shadow …
The Klan is a completely Democrat organization.  Need proof?  Duke approached Trump and he refused his money, but Hillary accepted it.
Senate Democrats 'deeply troubled' by 'racist, bigoted' views shared by Trump education appointees http://politi.co/2jYsGeb  via @politico
Senate Democrats are deranged... 8 months now of attacking Trump INSTEAD of, TAKING CARE OF BUSINESS!!
It’s unconscionable that our top Education official won't commit to speaking out against discriminatory policies:
The discrimination in our schools is by Marxist Feminists... I hope DeVos calls them out and works to FIRE them across our country.
The DeVos Dynasty: A Family of Extremists -
Let's hear about your family?  Make up some good stories now.  ALL PERFECT?
Yes, the UNEQUAL seeking Feminists, are freaking out
Thank u Sec DeVos for your time, effort n service!!
Resign
Don't you think (i now see what the issue is) you should be qualified...
Right because children should be in charge of their own education. That always works out so well. #StopBetsy #FireDeVos
Student led doesn't mean Lord of the Flies. The room is designed to suit the student's needs. Teacher led, the room is designed for teacher.
Schools have kids. PR pics in schools have kids.  This pic has no kids.  You don't like kids.
Your pic doesn't have kids either, because you eat them.
We love and appreciate you, Betsy.  God is with you.  Be strong, you're doing good work.
No he isn't
Maybe these teachers can teach you what it is like to be in a classroom?
Rethink the secretary of education
R u picking & choosing where u go just like @realDonaldTrump? I'll bet u r.
Everyone does... even I pick where to go, and so DO YOU!
number of sped kids at today's ptomkin village photo-op?
If you knew anything about public schools, we are also #TeacherPowered and #StudentCentered. Learn your craft, Betsy.
In my experience, they aren't student centered. Not a teacher, so I can't speak to that.
Well, I am and we are ALL about the students.
Glad you are. We ended up homeschooling. One graduated early, the other is on the same track. No thanks to their teachers.
Your kids THANKFULLY skirted past the Marxist Feminist's Socialist agenda.  Good news!
You are the most hated person in education. Resign already.
Put our country's children first and keep your head down...hopefully we can make the system better!
You're an unqualified bigot who bought this position because you're wealthy. You stand up for rapists and bullies, not teachers & students.
#DeVosshame #unionandproud #NEA
Go play in traffic, Betsy.
We love you Betsy! Enjoyed your lecture: Buying Your Way into a Job 101. Keep up the great work!
DeVos paid ZERO for her job, that's all it was worth after the Obama Administration was done with it.
Thank you for enabling students to protect themselves from bears.
How much money can you make per month trolling cabinet members?
