.@washingtonpost via @ByMoriah : #PIRLS results show declines in United States as other countries record larger gains. #EdStats https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/education/wp/2017/12/05/u-s-schoolchildren-tumble-in-international-reading-exam-rankings-worrying-educators/ …
Back to the basics: Reading, Writing, Arithmetic. Technology has taken over and gutted the money out of schools. Get rid of the teachers union. Keep going Betsy, I know you can reform education.
I believe in Beaty DeVos, she has the commitment necessary to find real world solutions to the absolute failure the educational system is today. BACK TO THE BASICS!!! Get the liberals out of our schools and colleges!!! 
Because she’s a billionaire with no experience?
How do you get to be a billionaire without getting some experience???
Falling ass backward into a ton of money and/or marrying into money?  Having a billion dollars doesn’t equal expert in all things.  Actually, unless you invented something that got you that billion dollars you’re probably an expert on jack shit.
The foundation of our society must be strong and that is Education. Without a successful educational system in this country we are doomed. The public education system is a absolute Failure in our country. We need several experimental charter schools and find out what works!!!
so much wrong with your post. 1. A child's educations isn't an "experiment"
2. "Find out what works" insinuates you think education is one-size fits all, which just... no.
NO, there should several different types or approaches to fit different situations. Get rid of the liberal progressive PC approach!!!
THERE IS YOU OUT OF TOUCH OLD FART. Research EEOA or IDEA. This is old educational policy 
you obviously are completely clueless how public education works. Differentiated instruction/accommodations
are the driving force behind everything teachers do on a daily basis
and basically instead of trying to understand this enormous feat, you ignorantly think that privatization
With CHIPs redlined, and your slashing funds, Americans kids will die on your watch.
Better wear your tennies.
Please put cursive writing back in schools,our kids need to know how to read it and write it and most importantly they need to be able to sign a signature were going to have a whole generation of kids who can't read or write cursive
Why is cursive important?
I teach it to my high schoolers...their signatures....get a car, license, move out into their own place, sign college/trade/military applications, etc
Thats a thing I've never understood.  nobody I know signs in cursive.  Also, will we not give a lease to someone who can afford a car but can't write cursive? Just seems like a useless skill at this point.
Well everybody I know uses a signature as a matter of fact my kids school just asked me for my signature today and we discussed cursive in school and they told me they are bringing it back so it's a win win situation for me I guess
To read the senates margin edits.
Plus cursive helps people to integrate knowledge and skills how to read,write,research,think and learn it will stick with you your whole life
Love it! We should be adding to curriculum not taking away. Like i don't know, another language.
Rather, let’s rethink your role
you don't know a damn thing about the education system. you're the most unqualified person to ever hold your position because it was bought and paid for. also, your brother is basically a bond villain. resign, go away forever, and take your bond villain brother with you.
Why not benchmark best practices from all over the world and reinvent public education so we can make America Great Again.
After almost a year of your incompetence and blatantly self-serving moves, it's clearly time for a new approach. #FireBetsy

New: Betsy DeVos wants to expand school voucher programs throughout the U.S. Get ready for that list to include schools that promote Scientology. http://bit.ly/2nQtDcq 
WE MUST GET RID OF "COMMON CORE"!  THE TEACHERS ARE JUST TEACHING TO THE TEST. #CommonCoreHasGotToGo !
Amazing that teaching to the test is not possible with correctly taught Common Core.
@mrmackert In a real way, the Common Core tests were so difficult that they forced us to stop trying to prepare for them so directly. It was terrifying, at first. Then liberating.
Who are you to say we need to rethink schools? You have no background in education. How about you go work for your corrupt brother instead? #Blackwater
They probably can't work together...he might mistake her for a nanny...
HAHAHA! Sadly, I don't think she is even qualified to be a nanny, either. Maybe hiring a nanny instead
It was a decade of hope. Scientology ? @BarackObama did a great job on education. My granddaughter received a letter  from him congratulating her academic excellence. Trump has the worst cabinet when he can hang on to them. You are a horrible choice
Just go away! I can’t even believe you even show your face in public.  Diane Ravitch we need you!!!!!! #DianeRavitch
Yes, because all of the decisions made about school reform are made by people like you, who have no idea what challenges public schools face and what strengths they actually have.
By putting our money, into these hate filled religious private schools. Clearly the administration does not care for the constitution. PS most that you have called out to be shining beacons, turns out to be some of the worst programs in the country. YOU NEED TO RETHINK
They would have to be able to read to understand the Constitution...with all those words and all.
Using the data you just posted, we see significant improvements from 2006-11 preceding a small drop that doesn't reach significance. Your statement that scores have dropped in the past decade is not supported by this evidence, which shows higher scores than 10 years ago.
What do you have in mind, exactly Mrs. Amway?
Yes, however, your job is to make sure that the "rethinking" is done in the PUBLIC SCHOOLS, and that PUBLIC SCHOOLS are the absolute gold standard in education.  You are not the head of the Department of Alternatives in Education.  Funnel your $ and energy in the PUBLIC SCHOOLS!!
It’s time to fire your sorry white ass!!!! You are doing a shitty job.

What are YOU doing about this???  Making sure kids are safe from bears in school LOL.
Did you know 50% of our kids are below average?
What’s your approach? You’re a fraud! Trying to impose your ignorant beliefs and scammy charter bs on America. Go be a grandmother or something and stay away from everyone else’s kids
Big beautiful buildings in many cases with ineffective content on the inside. Optional prayer in school would help refocus many students. The Bible pushes the work ethic.
students may certainly pray in school right now--privately. What isn't allowed is for anyone to lead students in prayer.
Thank you for pointing this out. I was hoping someone had replied with this info.
I always fight this topic. Im endorsed 2 teach 3 things, none r religion. Who am I to tell a kid they're wrong?
Keep fightin' teach!

Also, thanks for trying to make our kids be not dumb. 
I think we need to #RethinkDeVos
The country never even "thunk" her in the first place.  Tens of thousands of calls to vote "no" on this piece of shit.  The GOP certainly have their agenda.
That's right! Let's really fund our pubvlic schools equally. Ready to #rethink devos #devildevos
Orrrr, help parents put their children into private schools, and in turn shut down the failing public schools that are a waste of money for the government 
Or improve public schools because everyone is worthy of education. Shut down all for profit schools. Private isn't an option where I grew up
Why should we shut down private schools? Is it because it isn’t equal? Life isn’t equal, never has been nor will be, and students shouldn’t have to settle for public schools.
Maybe you should take a look around to see what's really working for a change.

The best education systems in the world are all driven by strong public school funding. Your "rethinking" is purely a shameless money grab
Democrats don’t want to improve schools. It is bad for votes.
Lies.

"In college, of course, students have to flourish without constant supervision. Although charter students are admitted to college at higher rates than students from comparable public schools, their graduation rates are dispiritingly low."  http://ow.ly/qs4k30hb1B4 
#communityschools work! @CommSchools
Investing in school libraries and certified school librarians would be a start to improving literacy and reading.  Look at the research!
If u truly wnt 2 advance "God's" Kingdom, start a Church, do some mission work, volunteer @ a shelter. Use ur  2 build a homeless shelter. The COUS gvs US the right 2 practice any/no religions. Ur out 2 advance DeVos' kingdom w/tax payer $$.#FakeChristian, leave them kids alone
Not only is it time to rethink a new approack, but it’s time ro rethink what we teach.  Let’s have real discussion on what is being taught! We need to take politics and social engineering thinking out of education. Liberals are trying to indoctrinate a new generation.
Do you not understand how much damage you are doing to teacher moral? I am begging you! Stop demonizing the public school systems!
17 yrs of "reform" from profiteers like YOU - the "failure" belongs to YOU & UR ilk, Betsy - read this and weep https://dianeravitch.net/2017/12/06/after-17-years-of-reform-international-test-scores-stagnant/ …
 
Secondly- YOU and your ilk need to STOP ignoring child poverty in the country! 

#NotMYSOE
#DumpDevos
Obviously your methods haven't worked for the past few decades. We do need someone with a different vision & the guts to carry it out, like DeVos. Teachers & their union don't want change. Students aren't your 1st priority - your jobs & benefits are. Your tweet sounds hateful.

73/ What comes across throughout Prince's testimony is a *seething* hatred for Barack Obama—Prince takes every possible opportunity to deflect from his own actions and mention Obama's failures—that I would say is probably as *virulent* as that of *any* hostile foreign government.
Sounds like Trump.  Did Trump fuck any nannies behind any of his wives back too like Eric Prince did???
Says the woman who has never taught or has any public educational experience.
#goduckkoch.
The DECLINE coincides with the coerced implementation of the UNVALIDATED, Developmentally Inappropriate #COMMONCORE. 
To fix education, #StopCommonCore. 
#SchoolChoice changes ONLY the location - not the quality of education - as long as Common Core remains in public schools!
When will you start getting Common Core out of schools? Common Core is a big reason for the decline in schools.
Besty..we have to catch every school in the us NOW.
Obama took cursive away..part of the dumbing of America..we need an executive order..that you can't graduate without it.
My 3 grandkids can't do it.and must learn Spanish in kinder. Here in fla
Honey its time to pay public school teachers better
Try actually funding the schools & paying teachers what they deserve rather then making everyone struggle even more, I bet it would help
Failure is due to the public-private takeover of education through the federal government & you are as culpable as any in this decline. Supporting #CCSS , charters, workforce development data schemes, etc. Now you are even trying to envelope #HomeSchooling #NoFedEd #Hypocrite
Is There A Crisis in Civics Education? New Civics Handbook hopes to make a difference, Inspire~ https://www.epreducationnews.com/2017/04/25/is-there-a-crisis-in-civics-education/ … @DoDEA @EdWorkforce @edworkforcedems @usedgov
HELP BRING CIVICS BACK~ Concerned citizen trying to make a difference~ Inspire Civics~ Nonpartisan Book with the very Basics for all Ages~ Kids & Adults, Constitution, Declaration, Citizenship Test, Awards,..  https://www.gofundme.com/2r6y8hg  @DoDEA @edworkforcefordems @usedgov @Edwork
You are a COMPLETE FAILURE UNQUALIFIED #Pay4Play Job Who Should of NEVER Been Confirmed! Dam SHAME @realDonaldTrump a Admitted Sexual Predator who Endorses a #ChildMolester @GOP WHO SUPPORT 2 #OLDPERVERTS Bought Politicians Don't Give a SH*T Abt our KIDS
Go away!
Your “new approach” involves eliminating the #PSLF program, which you know full well will bankrupt teachers whose financial future depends on it. 

Just like police officers, public defenders, doctors...

You are literally trying to ruin lives. History will record your damage.
.@jane_jrobbins .@manateespirit @SaraZWood @carynjenks Ed reformers have been shoving their "new" approaches on parents and their children for several decades. And the results? #NoFedEd  #childrenarenotcommodities #rejectOBE #embraceclassicaleducation
Overload homework!!! What we should really think about and push for is a new system enforced by law that high school students should not have to work (study) more than adults do (8 hours a day and 40 hours a week). Shame on the system that abuses youths.
You mean go back to only rich people get educated?
Fuck your school vouchers.
By privatizing? This parent disagrees. Your record in your home state speaks for itself.
Betsy..please we need an immediate law for special cursive classes to start now..every grade..you don't graduate unless you do cursive
Not with you at the realm!!! Deplorable everything you stand for!!! Give students with loans breaks, put money toward PUBLIC Schools,  NOT CHARTER SCHOOLS!!!
she wouldnt know she was never a teacher
WOW. Your brother is one BAD HOMBRE.
56/ Incidentally, this is why even dangerous strongmen should bring—or at least retain—an attorney when they're going to testify under oath before Congress.…
Yay.....the devos plan.... #HalfTheKidsLeftBehind
With vouchers help? Sure! Then you start tracing the .
YES YES YES!! #rethinkschool @BetsyDeVosED @DickDeVos

If any one wants to read Erik Prince’s testimony, it’s here. He is Betsy’s brother. Oligarchy is a family affair.
http://docs.house.gov/meetings/IG/IG00/20171130/106661/HHRG-115-IG00-Transcript-20171130.pdf …. It’s over 100 pages.. grab a snack and enjoy!
What is it like to live life above reproach? I’ll certainly never know.  Please pass this along to your brother, Erik: Matthew 19:24 “And again I say unto you, It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.”
You earned your Business Economics BA in 1979. You cited grizzly bears as a rationale for guns in schools. You had no clue about the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act. Why are you Secretary of Education? 
No wonder you achieved the seat of Secretary of Education despite blithely blathering on about grizzly bears. You and your brother knew that @GOP would award you that seat despite zero qualifications.
2/ It suggests he may expect a pardon for any misconduct; or is so confident the GOP won't make him answer any questions he doesn't want to that he sees no risk of self-incrimination; or that he's that confident in his skills as a liar; or thinks his misdeeds can't be uncovered.
This is a very important point...your brother will be charged and convicted of crimes against humanity.
That's all...thanks!
You and your brother are scary people. Hard to believe you oversee our children.
This is Betsy’s brother.
3/ What's important to understand is that for a man this rich—and he's very, very rich—and a man with so much nefarious conduct in his past—and he's very, very dangerous—to show up before Congress to testify under oath *without legal counsel* is a *statement*.…

(THREAD) Erik Prince—Trump advisor; ex-head of a murderous mercenary army; would-be head of Trump's private spy agency; would-be head of a privatized U.S. army—is a dangerous liar. He just testified under…
Invest more in libraries/librarians > more self-selected reading > higher PIRLS scores. Krashen, S., Lee, S.Y. & McQuillan, J. 2012. Is the library important? Multivariate studies at the national & international level. Journal of Language & Literacy Education, 8(1): 26-36.
One would only hope when someone says it's time to rethink . . . it would be nice if the capacity to think were actually available. With DeVos, she ranks just as ignorant of knowledge as 2/3 of Trump's cabinet. It must have been really hard to find so many inept people by Trump.
There are amazing things public schools are doing EVERY DAY, despite the odds they face. Happy to connect you with the folks @edutopia who can provide you with evidence-based success stories.

“If there is one common denominator among public school teachers and administrators, it is that the very idea of testing their beliefs against evidence never seems to occur to them. The educational dogmas of the day simply reign supreme until new dogmas come along.”
Make it better than what they can get at home. Simple. .@realDonaldTrump #MAGA
So you are a quitter? Education is not forsale.
What about your party's tax plan which will indeed will make America dumber because graduate study will quickly become completely untouchable because of the tax they will owe from the scholarships they earned to pay tuition??
Reading your brothers testimony,When did your family start hating America? You support private funded schools vs. Public Education & brother is a sympathizer for Russian Government. You both make decisions based on GREED, how can you even make decisions about children education?
your brother, Erik...you're all dirty!  scammers, liars....

Does anyone agree with your tweets, @BetsyDevosED? Hmm...doesn't seem so. Perhaps it is because you are completely clueless about education. Worst appointment ever by the worst president ever. Go get a real job and then you may be entitled to an opinion. Perhaps.
Yet we're all learning. Unless you are a liberal who may have stopped reading in order to revenge a huge loss in 2016.
Not my school...ranked #1 in Massachusetts...found in one of the 7 inner cities... #rethinkBetsyDevosEd
Way to go! Best state in the country!
Yeah.  Lets end charters and other ed choice schemes that you benefit from
Time for you to rethink your appointment as Sec of Ed.  You are clearly out of your league.  Please resign before you cause more damage.
Completely corrupt woman who wants to create a school system that kicks disabled children out like trash. "This child, we do not want to teach our religion to..."
Hey Betsy, go rejoin your cult of Amway drones.  Nothing but con artists.
I worked for a for-profit school system for a number of years and I can assure you without reservation that top management was singularly focused on profit and shareholder value. #RethinkSchool #RethinkPlutocracy #RethinkDeVos
ALL students in this country should be guaranteed the same high quality education whether they live in affluent suburbs or inner city ghettos.  And yes, that means our tax money must be spent more fairly and more wisely.
I strongly agree with Stephan Krashen and David W N.  Failling public schools are a result of failed economic policies that punish low income students because their parents are poor.
How about adequate funding for public education.  The worst thing we can do is turn over our education system to profiteers whose only focus is the bottom line, not to mention all of the failed charter schools that leave students with nowhere to go in the middle of a school year.
These schools keep receiving funding with no accountability,  large student population,  out of control students, no academic progress etc
We have better schools in our neighborhood 3- 5 mins but we have to take our kids to a title1 school 12-15mins away
Please do something about title 1 schools.  Why are we forced to be in a title 1school that we are not benefiting from .
After a decade of increasing income inequality, it's clearly time for a new approach. It's time to #RethinkPlutocracy
You still don't have a clue.
Speak for your own state bitch... Massachusetts has some of the best public schools in the world. Maybe take a page out of our book and apply it to dumps like AL, AR, and WV
From Feb-June you took 15 days off, 21 half days off, and 11 long weekends.  Isn't it about time you stepped things up?  #RethinkDeVos
Well dig in and get too work!  From February 8th to July 19th you only completed a full day of work 67% of the time.
I am not every sure where to begin and how your assumptions are a bit off and will only add to the speed of the decline and foster many more issues on this
Maybe NOT taking tax breaks AWAY from teachers? Perhaps NOT removing funding from special education? Perhaps NOT decreasing funds so your pockets and the pockets of your friends are lined? 

You have no experience and no idea how to help schools. You’re completely unqualified.
It is you who needs a new approach. If non-educators would stop turning public school districts into cash cows, we could get back to educating the whole child.
Yes, like re-think the defunding of pubic schools.
How about we teach cursive again? Why is this out of the curriculum? It’s more important then you realize for reading enrichment. It connects the hemispheres of our brain and allows us to communicate more effectively.
Have you been to a public school? If you did you realize there is constant training and professional development for new approaches. But you wouldn't know that. Feel free to come by my class so I can school you on these issues. #RethinkDeVos
It's clearly time to fully fund public education, so that students don't have to participate in fund-raisers and teachers don't have to manage them during what should be instructional time.
It's clearly time for politicians to respect teachers who are so dedicated to their students that they buy supplies and books for those students with their own funds, as well as clothes and shoes for those students when their parents cannot.
It's clearly time for the madness of testing, testing, testing to be brought under control.
It's clearly time for research-based practices such as a return to essential recess/play to be the norm in our schools.
Resign. You are wholly incapable of performing your job w/o personal $$ interest.
Teachers can tell you why....stop relying on just researchers that have been out of the classroom for years...

Go away. You’re useless
Want to improve the outlook for American students right now?  STEP DOWN and let a qualified, intelligent person take over the job you bought.
Studies show POVERTY is the strongest predictor of PIRLS scores. Step 1: Protect children from poverty's effects = invest in  (1) food programs (2) health care  (3) libraries.  Pay for this by reducing testing, eliminating useless technology.
I think it's time to rethink plutocrats like you. Hit the road, whore!
WAIT?! The CommonCore Standards aren't MAKING OUR KIDS SMARTER?!  #shockednotshocked #askaneducator involve the teachers next time around, our kids might have a chance to succeed then. 
#RethinkDeVos
It’s time to RETHINK YOU
And that new approach is not school choice. School choice is a band aid fix that has no data supporting it works. If you have no other research based solutions, then it's time to allow an education expert to take over.
We can start by having a leader who can answer basic questions about education. #GoAwayYouFraud
Please!  End CommonCore!
Yes, new approach like fully funding public education & stop advocating 4 giving away tax $ to private schools? #publicschools @UTD_AFT1974
You are useless. Please quit.
Teachers NEED more support! They don't need people from the top with no idea what they do to make decisions for them.

You seen the last one doing her job a Big nothing.   
So Let her work
2/2 
Also...
More design and implementation by professional educators, less control by business, politicians, and others who have never taught. 

Schools should be palaces of learning.
Sure, let’s rethink. More joy, fewer high stakes tests. 
More mastery “grading”, less numerical averages of early approximations. 
More thinking of teachers as professionals and kids as humans, less considering them widgets to be mandated. 
1/2
Tot agree! Effective change begins with awareness! step by step! we shall overcome!
You’re a stain on public schools and the DOE. #unfit #unqualified #entitled #noclue
You could start by insuring schools have enough budget for school supplies and teacher salaries, especially since teachers will no longer be able to deduct the one from the other.
If you care about educating Americans, try helping in ways that have proven to work. Hint: not voucher systems. Thisprogram has decreased the dropout rate by 75% & increased college enrollment by %300, where applied in Canada. We should be doing it.
It’s time to rethink Betsy Devos... you excited about killing $250 deductions for teachers so your family can get a $2billion dollar tax break? You’re a shameless elitist with zero regard for America’s children.
Informed people want to try "new" approaches.  We lack confidence in a pseudo-leader like #CruellaDeVos. Her motivations are that of viper with a fat portfolio: She wants to defund #PublicSchools4America, and widen the achievement gap between the haves and have-nots.
Not your kind of school.
...now what would you know @BetsyDeVosED? Nothing about school and everything about stealing. Sit down and be quiet you fake.
Oooooooor, you strengthen public ed by #FundPublicEducation and stop using #TaxDollars to fund faith-based schools.  #NoVouchers
Why don’t you rethink your job?
Agreed.   Let’s pay teachers the way we pay movie stars and athletes.  Let’s have smaller class sizes.  Let’s invest more money into facilities and resources for ALL students so that not just the rich kids get the best education.   Glad you agree.  When can we start?
Have you learned anything about #SpecialEducation and #IDEA yet?
If you were qualified for your job, these results would come as no surprise. The @GOP-controlled Congress (and GOP Govs.) refuse to allocate enough money to properly fund education. School vouchers take additional funds from public education, further compounding the problem.
you literally have no public school knowledge or experience.
I thought you were resigning because you are woefully inadequate and unprepared for this job.  Having money isn’t the same as qualifications
You bought your cabinet seat and now declare PE had a decade of decline? In Red States like Kansas that stole $ from Schools yes. The GOP smothers PE. 
Fund schools better, Ms Moneybags
We can start by funding public schools and leaving you unemployed. #RethinkBetsy
Resign. You are unqualified & unethical. T
You can’t spell, you can articulate your ideas, you know nothing about educate. Betsy DeVos school? No thanks. Face it, you only have that job because you bought it.
American schools are far too invested in making students feel good, rather than helping them become self-reliant learners. Other countries want their kids to learn, and don't worry about hurt feelings so much.
#RethinkingYourSorryAss
School works around the developed western world. Are you saying America is uniquely stupid to handle it?
And it is clearly time for a new education secretary!
And by “rethinking school” you mean making students slaves to student loan debt? Right?
Try reading Nikole Hannah-Jones and believe in the power of integration and #publicschools
#PutMeInCoach
It's not that hard, we have twice the class size of other industrialized nations and pay teachers half as much as they do. 

The answer is not giving parents the option to use tax dollars to take their kids to a school that teaches them that bats are a type of bird.
Your attempt to gut funding for public schools to shill your religious beliefs is vile.
Read first, since you claim it's important to you. The best educational systems in the world are all driven by strong public school funding
How about a state by state breakdown?
Can we rethink you instead?  Btw - bummer you didn’t get your special tax break
I live in Washington state and my 16 yr Daughter was told that she cannot say Merry Christmas at her High School That it is considered offensive, What is happening to this country? What can I do? Please help!!!
And what approach is that? What background do you have to support this? Years of experience in a classroom? I'll wait... Oh you don't know what the hell you're doing because you bought your position! #ResignDeVos
If you had ANY experience in education, you'd know about the absolute miracles public schools perform despite unjust funding schemes and high poverty. Public schools educate ALL kids & don't have them sign their rights away - yet still outperform your voucher scam schools.
You tell em
You are so clueless. You've never spent a day in a classroom that wasn't for a photo. Vouchers are a scam & the research backs it up.
please resign. you could be serving the church much better.
Considering #edreform (#JebEd) has been the status quo in Florida for twenty years, I'm glad to see @BetsyDeVosED acknowledges it's complete failure.
Stay out of our work.
It’s time for you to resign
You have no clue
It's time for young step down and stop trying to ruin america. Terrorists like you should be dealt with severely. You are American ISIS.
You're beyond stupid, aren't you?
they spend more on their students.
Perhaps it is the high stakes testing and how funds are tied to test scores. Perhaps it the lack of democracy in our education system. Read John Dewey and then we can discuss.
Yep you right!
Yep I third the  motion
