We cannot trust the teachers in the Gov't schools. Too many revise history and indoctrinate our kids. We need school choice EVERYWHERE!

Don't be part of the Brainless Bunch. Put your kids first & don't subject them to indoctrination & revisionist history. #SchoolChoice

Really hope you don't have children. It would obviously be selfish of you if you did, though you willingly don't mind hurting other children
Ah, you are a teacher in a Gov't school. How about looking out for others & offering them a choice. Not saying all are bad, but give choice.
Poor Amy@FamousA398 could not accept the truth and blocked me.
Eliminate the Dept of education giving power back to parents & states. Take the power away from the teachers union.
The teachers unions aren't the enemy you think they are
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/answer-sheet/wp/2016/07/21/think-teachers-cant-be-fired-because-of-unions-surprising-results-from-new-study/ …
To be fair all public unions need not exist. I'll look into this study more but it may just some are waiting it out
Why shouldn't they exist?
Labor laws now exist to protect educators Now it's about money & politics never mind parent choice
Labor laws aren't the protections an association needs when advocating for kids.
Parents should be the advocates
As a teacher I know many who don't & have sat beside many as their suport and trusted expert.
Please school choice with full vouchers is vastly needed as an option. 
It is best to let the people who know nothing about the teaching profession make the rules for the teaching profession. What could go wrong?
Resign
Thank you, Sec DeVos. Your approach is a breath of fresh air for our kids!
no we need to #rethinkBetsyDevos
Let me guess, you're going to say that school is a choice and not every student needs to attend...
I hope she means not every child's has to attend low end public schools. Choices for good kids to get out of Public and into better options
Do you really want to get in a debate about public education w/ a non-tenured public school teacher (of the year-twice) who
THIS is why this screwball has no business in ed. People think and rethink school every day is they are professionals and do their jobs.
We teach a lesson, then think how to do it better next time. We give tests and think about how to help kids do better next time...
Does she know this? No. She had less experience with public schools than nearly every first grader in this country. DeVos, go back to MI!
My kid qualified for an advanced math class in college that had 7 students.6 were homeschooled 1 went to private school.No pubic school.
Congratulations! My undocumented student learned went from below grade level to proficient w/ me now he's a senior at SFSU! All public ed
I guess it also means giving sexual violence victims no recourse. #rethinkwhatyouaredoing
#ReThinkBestyDeVos
thank you for your courage in the face of the insane leftist critics; you are an example to follow for our young people

Is that before or after you cut public school funding.  Perhaps you should have a rethink Mrs "It's okay to rape on college campus."

Dear @BetsyDeVosED,Please view and reply to: http://www.stringquest.com/betsy-devos-vision-proposal … Emailed @usedgov 
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse please assist - thanks! 
Can we get vouchers for homeschooling? How? When will you end Common Core???
Why do you support rapists?
What a racket. To hell with whomever voted to approve the appointment of ridiculously unqualified you. Racist potus & racist ed agenda.
Sad and embarrasing that you are doing the opposite of fostering education. Appaling how unqualified and unfit you are for this job. Resign.
- With #ESSA & the @usedgov mandating standardized testing & approval of plans, there is no local authority! #EndFedEd @POTUS!
Would love to see this!
And we've seen how this works...
More like ReThink Betsy and her failed charter schools.
You don't know how to trust anyone. Nor do you know anything about education. Money doesn't buy intelligence.
Rapists and potential rapists love you. I on the other hand, find you to be an embarrassment to the position that you hold.
And sticking all special needs students in isolated centers, away from their neighborhood schools to save a buck! BUHBYE INCLUSION!
but only for private schools, right?
Your mandate is to do all that while protecting the vulnerable, empowering the disadvantaged, & upholding secular values, & you are failing.
End the department of education and common core standards. Give education back to teachers and parents now! # nomorecommoncore

That's what you think you're doing? Bullshit, ma'am.
Wonderful! I've been racing to get my child free of public school influences. She graduates in 2019 but maybe other children will be saved.
All for the glory of the KKKristian god.
These folks been reTHiNKing it best for a long time now. Take note.
https://www.rethinkingschools.org/ 
Ah yes, local control. good ole days - separate but equal, disabled kids left at home, support male sports, dress codes for girls. Nostalgic
You probably have no idea what all that means.
Teachers could "rethink school" if we had adequate & consistent funding, smaller classes, current resources, safe facilities, support...
really? What if those communities are majority Orthodox Jewish / Muslim / non-English speaking? Do you still support autonomy?
Nah, she doesn't think those are real people who deserve rights. She's the type who'd rather deal with the grizzly bear than a Muslim.
For you it means taking away from public schools for stupid vouchers and making for profit schools richer
Trusting teachers?  Then how come you're not listening to what they're saying about your plans to destroy public education NOW?
You are an unqualified hack!
I couldn't disagree more with ur methods. Ur results, as illustrated in Michigan, do not bode well 4 our nation's students.  #ReThinkBetsy
When have republicans ever trusted teachers? Instead, they blame them for all of the students' problems! It's all "bad teachers'" fault!
You know public schools are perfectly able to do these things, right? Give them the resources they need, they'll take care of kids just fine
Tell me again how you're qualified to make decisions about education?
I hear crickets. There'll be moss on every side of the tree if we wait for her answer (a truthful one, anyway). It's like when former CT Gov
Before you of all people talk about revamping schools, you need to understand the public school system.
You're the Secretary of Education & your graphic logo is grammatically incorrect.
Let's Get this done!
Proud of you Betsy! Keep on doing all the good work Lady!!
Rethink Schools=Rape is ALLOWED SIGN BETSY DEVOS.
I'm in. The sooner we rehab this public school disaster the better. Millions of minority lives have suffered thru this government proxy.
Your marketing is great but your logic is flawed. This will have disastrous results!
Her marketing is great? Jesus, I hope you're not in PR.
U know what I mean
I do. I just think her graphics look like a Dunkin Donuts ad. 
#DumpDeVoss
Start with eliminating Common Core.
"Local autonomy" will inevitably create unequal schools due to funding variability. This does not serve all students.
If you actually believed this you would allow for local autonomy and trust teachers. Your policies and past behaviors show none of this.
That way we don't have people that think 'everything suks'  proof in point of a bad education leading to corrupt character
Yeah! That's what I want! Give parents a choice. Religion + morals ='s better students & people. Will benefit mankind overall.
You do NOT want teacher autonomy nor do you trust us as professionals. Who are you trying to kid?
It's real sad that the next Admin will have to redo all of what you are redoing HA
That's quite a load of the usual empty buzz words, Betsy. No vouchers unless accepted as full payment &accept all applicants by lottery.

No, it does not.
How about we #ReThinkDeVos instead?
How 'bout we dump Devos?
You're so full of hot air. You wanted to cut funding to programs that support ALL of these initiatives. You're pure evil.
Shut your uneducated pie-hole. You have zero experience and credibility. Your objectives do not align with our kids' best interests.
Go get 'em Bets! Fill their heads with curds and whey and take it to the bank today!

Education! Betsy Devos will save all the rich kids from the poor! Thanks devos for setting us back in time on education! Congrats!
Poor??? You dont need education! Rape at college and school?? It is your fault! You are not white, middle upper class or 1% you dont need
Industry!!! Charter schools that put $$$ in her pockets and all other right alt+right believers in her sadist ways!!!
And here it comes ladies and gentlemen! Children of all ages! Betsy Devos' chater schools and education brought to you by privatized
Please do away with STARR testing in Texas. Give our kids a chance to really learn. Our teachers a chance to teach.
Nice buzzwords Mrs. DeVos, results???
... For those schools in rich districts that can afford that luxury. 

(I finished your real statement.)
your plans involve taking money away from public schools and using tax dollars to fund religious education...
then the already underfunded schools will have fewer resources to work with and churches will get more tax-free dollars
religious schools are then free to discriminate against children with disabilities and children of different races or faiths
the rich benefit from this plan; they can continue to segregate their private schools, poor will be left with fewer resources
You can't see it but I'm giving you a standing ovation.
you can't feel it but I'm giving you a fist bump of solidarity
If this is a program you are promoting, I would like to have access to it for review. Your logo seems to be just that.
Unfortunately I don't believe anything you say. You have no foundation to work from. What little is left your destroying as fast as u can.
I just LOVE how these "barely adults" think they know anything about trying to lead children into adulthood through THIS education system
How will student centered learning expansion be achieved? Through choice?
#ReThinkSchool is just some goofy buzzword someone besides yourself came up with to hide the fact you are only looking for monetary gain
The missing link is discipline! Without discipline for wrong behaviors we have the current problems in our streets & resistance for any good
Students are not qualified to teach each other as you claimed in your disgrace of a confirmation hearing. Resign.
The only encouragement you could offer any teacher or student would be to quit the job for which you are remarkably unqualified.
local autonomy frequently means violating student rights to a fape, under idea and under s.504. closing/reducing the ocr is a dumb idea.
As a mother for 34 years, just know a lot of us are 100% behind you. I know how bad it is. If you can make a dent you're winning
School needs to b rethought for sure! Too much pressure on teachers to teach every kid in same style, OR ELSE! Not all learn in the same way
You don't believe this. If u did you wouldn't be harming the Ed principles
This doesn't consider families so poor they don't have time 2worry about school THESE r the people YOU need to help-not the upwardly mobile!
@POTUS 

reTHiNK
DeVos
Public Ed requires federal oversight & regulations w/ set agendas for critical areas like math, english, science. All kids educated equally.
Take the fed govt out of our schools. Let communities decide what our kids need. Get parents involved again.
Gov't is supposed to let parents, school boards decide to teach creationism, war of northern aggression, voodoo magic to kids? No oversight?
Of course there will be over sight, but not at a Fed level.  We have board of education, PTA, parents.
Board of Ed, PTA, parents, even state legislators aren't enough to prevent religious teachings in school. See Academic Freedom bill in Texas
But Fed govt interference isn't the answer
May not be the answer that everyone likes but I can't think of another entity w/ the power & resources to attempt to provide this oversight
Give up, Betsy. Go decorate your tacky mansion (THAT YOU TRIED TO AVOID PAYING SCHOOL TAXES ON!!!)

Resign
Says the person who never attended public school or sent her children to public school. Please quit and go back to selling Amway products.
And how many kids have YOU put through this  public education system???? Children are not robots!!!
Do you have an actual plan or just a hashtag and something an intern created in Microsoft Paint
The plan is local autonomy (THEY make the plans, not the fascist federal government -- well, I'm told they're fascists).

Wow. Linking to a lawyer to defend rapists is peak irony.
Do you think DeVos has learned what "growth" & "proficiency" are by now?
I am excited to see how it turns out!
Thank you for explaining pushing education to local level and empowering parents to sue the crap out of the system to remove propaganda.
And protecting sexual assaulters.
Yep. She's arguably the 2nd worse appointment behind Jeff Sessions.
You are a blight and scourge upon education and humanity will be far better off when you are gone.
Whatever lines your pockets with more $$$ I'm sure!!

#DumpDeVos
#Impeach45
Yes. I hope DeVos is not like HRC.
#ReThinkBetsy, the least qualified Secretary of Education ever!
Do you think DeVos has learned what "growth" & "proficiency" are by now?
Haha, unlikely!
Please don't.
