https://www.facebook.com/TruthInsideOfYou/videos/1489134904485839/ …
Ah yes, but leave special education and kids with special needs behind. Take your vouchers and shove it!
VOUCHERS DON'T WORK & DONT BENEFIT THE NEEDIEST STUDENTS. They are a way to impose your unwanted conservative religious agenda.  NO VOUCHERS
Before doing anything more, take a one-year hiatus during which you teach a single elementary school class in a disadvantaged neighborhood.
I commend @BetsyDeVosED for her advanced heartlessness and her total ruthlessness. She knows how to play the villain!
Vouchers don't work. Read some research.
we're voting him out.
Of course you do! It fuels your own failed agenda and your course to dismantle and destroy public education in this country. #CruellaDeVos
I hope IL sues and this goes all the way to the Supreme Court. What happened to the separation of church and state?
They couldn't think of who else they could hurt. Then someone said-- what about rape victims?  And  Betsey said PERFECT!
Addressing the serious issues! How rich people get their tax cuts! No time for campus rapes from our deeply religious billion SecEd.
Still waiting on this awful MO lunch to end...and common core..it all has to go
Show us the proof that this works. Also, what are your qualifications to lead us? I was more qualified on my FIRST DAY of teaching.
Tabitha,

You were more qualified after your first day in an Intro to Teaching course.
Too bad you the Secretary of Education, do not support public schools. #shame
her job is to make sure students get the best education, and they often do not get that at public schools.
So then support, not defund public schools. Hard to tell what is happening at charter and voucher schools,- they aren't held accountable
they are very accountable to the parents, just not the public. and it is the parents to whom the choice should be given.
If they take tax dollars they need to be accountable. Parents do have choices. If you want your child to have religious ed that is on you.
Of course Rauner would support ripping people off by following your plan to hurt Americans and destroy public education.
Who cares about any of that if Common Core and all that goes with it is still taught. Keep President Trump's promise and get rid of it!
Tax credits to destroy our school system & pay FOR PROFIT schools w NO REGS!  No!
You suck.
Shame on you. #devosshame
The issues of discriminatory admissions and overall poor higher learning institutions still needs addressed...

It is a horrible idea!  It will take $ from districts that desperately need it and funnel it elsewhere.
And now watch for the lawsuits and mismanagement of funds to begin. Enjoy Illinois! Love Indiana, Michigan and Arizona
I commend bears for doing more for education than you have.
#DumpDEVOS
#resignDevos
great to screw public schools out of money isn't it?
That's great Betsy!
I respectfully disagree!  Thanks for asking Illinois school boards what they think.  Oh wait, you didn't!
You are the face of White Privilege. Even rich white people should pay their share so all kids have a quality education.
Not everyone's daddy was rich. Not everyone bought their way into a cabinet position. You and your rich friends are destroying America.
Rich. White. Spoiled. Entitled. Privledged.
Betsy - you are "unqualified" for your job!!!  "Money buys everything".  Your tweets are a JOKE!!! LOSER.
Benefit for the few at the expense of the many. We know that's how you roll. Self first
Like AZ schools? Teachers wages are sooooo low.
Do you people care about anyone who isn't wealthy?  How does this legislation help the student of average or lower means?
i wonder how many millions your family gave to these politicians in order for this to happen. #disgrace
He's my governor and he's horrible. So not surprised you're commending him. 

#DumpDeVos
Tax credit scholarship programs have been shown to lead to better graduation rates.

So, did you get your "return on investment " yet? Think Mueller case could bleed over to you and your merc brother?
When I think about you, it makes me want to vomit.
Boooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is this in response to the legislation, the fact that DeVos tweeted, or just prepping for Halloween?
lol...good one.
