I thinkBetsy DeVos is outstanding! I taught in public school and private school and three Cheers for our Secretary of Education!
I really hope you didn't teach English.
And what do u know about coding? F..k all
Mom says the world needs ditch diggers too and artists.
Betsy is a creep who wants to keep our kids as dumb or maybe even dumber than she is so they will be easily lied to and so vote for the gop. She is unmitably evil to the bone.
As soon as we take the Trump Admin. down, she’s going down with it too!
Hahaha! Only 400 likes. Not even the bots are supporting you anymore!
Betsy, you're unqualified for your position, which you bought by the way. Resign. Get a Doctorate in Education if you want to be taken seriously 
Captioned: "I will ride a bicycle of nightmares into your asshole"
Hi Betsy, please fill out your timesheet for last week. Thanks!!
Can you please address the student loan PSLF program as it relates to the new GOP tax bill? CNBC is reporting it may be eliminated for public servants
Woz U is GIVING it's leading Curriculum to eager K12 Superintendents

No Scientology for students. You don’t know what the hell you are doing because you were never a teacher. Please resign. You are the worst in history.. I don’t want to pay taxes for your voucher program. You are unpopular and incompetent. I’ll look for your check
FAKEASS @BetsyDeVosED
https://youtu.be/6bOXcwknrVI 
Shame that you proudly cut funding from schools.

"In college, of course, students have to flourish without constant supervision. Although charter students are admitted to college at higher rates than students from comparable public schools, their graduation rates are dispiritingly low."  http://ow.ly/qs4k30hb1B4 
“Betsy is only out for profits. Her administration is proposing CUTTING federal special education funding.”
“In other words, hooking kids up to machines of dubious scientific value is the cure for special ed”
Yep, the kids have caught on fast: we know you should be fired.
In 2010, I won 3rd place in the Fed Virtual Worlds Challenge (Army). I was the only entry with an ed. background, not a military background. I designed a virtual, interactive unit for teaching Romeo/Juliet.  My school dist. wasn't interested.
If students are in debt and can’t afford education, the US will suffer and people will blame your party. I honestly don’t see republicans winning anything anytime soon. You guys trap high school graduates in a box where they are forced to pay off debt through military.
Please Investigate this
Stupid Democrat Kalama Harris admits schools have ILLEGAL TEACHERS in our schools https://theblacksphere.net/2017/12/kamala-harris-without-dream-act-thousand-of-teachers-could-be-deported/ … #TeamKJ
#RethinkDeVos
Coding and STEAM is a part of MANY awesome public schools. You really should get out there and visit some of them. Oh, and they catch on quickly because that's what kids do, they take a concept and run with it. Maybe they didn't do that at your kids private schools.
But her children got a better education thanks to the resources and curriculum of a private school, so she wants to share the wealth of private schools with everyone. What’s so wrong with that?
She’s not sharing the wealth of private schools though.  Moreover, that is not her job.  She is the Secretary of Education for public schools, and is woefully under-qualified for the job.  She is currently damaging the funding and rights of students in public schools.
She’s doing what the President instructed her to do, and it’s a brilliant idea. Eliminate the lackluster public schools, and help parents enroll their children in private education. It’s a great play for the long term education of the United States 
Brilliant?? Hahahaha
Just spouting the rhetoric without great understanding of it all. Schools need someone to fix the issues. Vouchers are NOT it.
What would be your master genius plan?
Start with funding for the under preforming schools to bridge the gaps so the kids in the urban areas, where most of those schools are, can have access to the same curriculums, teachers, technology etc ad the highly preforming schools. Start there..

New: Betsy DeVos wants to expand school voucher programs throughout the U.S. Get ready for that list to include schools that promote Scientology. http://bit.ly/2nQtDcq 
Why do you still have a job?
Money talks!!

U suck donkey dicks you twat
Betsy you're a clown and got your position through donations like most 'chosen' by trump.  you are undeserving to hold such a title.
Why do we still have common core?
No thanks to you
Stacy out of Ashburn. We don’t need you and your desire to kill public schools around here.
*stay
Stop trying to pretend you had anything to do with coding and tech initiatives. They were started during the previous administration.

Vote for Predator of the Year:

   (click here for poll results)
Resign

My greatest fear is that Socialism has & is being taught in academia, even at home to our children & grandchildren!
They must learn at a very early age they live in a free country, a Capitalistic country, it is the only system that has ever worked! 
Socialism vs Capitalism
Иванка! Помогите нам. У нас в на Урале убивают больных детей! Им колят препараты, что бы сделать из них "больных!"-что бы они умерли!!!! Госсударство не хочет содержать  этих людей!
Mailed you a letter Betsy DeVos  we are spending $90 million on testing in Texas a year . 30 Year’s testing and USA at the bottom. Cheater cheater pumpkin eater. Fix it Betsy if not go home
Yep, stay away from vouchers and we'll be good.
What educational policies can we expect in the near future to reduce the effects of Technological Unemployment?
It takes resources in public schools that you are hell bent in taking away.
Betsy you are a fraud. You know nothing and are there as payback for your $ & as a tool to divert monies from public ed to private ed. Your stand on sexual assault is the same as trump’s. Resign or let mueller take you down. Free our children. Get rid of devos
Probably the least qualified Secretary of Education in American history. How about your brother's secret meeting with the Russians in the Seychelles DeVos?
NCIC de he 
G
Please go to the public schools in Detroit that you crippled and do a PR puff piece from there?  #UnfitForOffice
Great job! U will destroy public education quickly.  Awesome work
Ivanka, both you and Betsy DeVos lack substantial experience with or commitment to public education in the U.S.  Please resign and open the doors to passionate informed advocates to take your place.  Thank you.

Thats Great
What are you doing to shrink dept of Ed? Goal s/b to get most fed'l involvement out of education
How does an unqualified billionaire have the credentials to make such statements? #warped
Not holding my breath for the day that you visit a public school
Are you ever in your office? Besides traveling to see schools, what the heck do you do?

So proud to have a qualified person in charge of education.
Bot
Stay away from my child  b atch.
End CommonCore PLEASE
HE IS DESTROYING OUR COUNTRY ONE PIECE AT A TIME AND THE REPUBLICANS ARE LETTING HIM DO IT
Riddle me this: Why do you hate public school and public school teachers?
Because that’s what monsters do.
Eat shit Betsy. You’re a fraud. You couldn’t care less about these kids.
Sad, where kids with a disability and poor kids fail, but in a well to do suburb...hail Ivanka, hail Betsy
Resign
Is ANYBODY on your staff paying attention to the research? Several respectable studies conclude that there is NO STEM CRISIS - instead, in several areas, there is a surplus.
Unrelated to your point (of which I'm already aware), I already tweeted that Loudoun County, where this school is located, claims the top median income in the U.S. for the last 10 years. I'm not holding my breath waiting for her to visit far less-resourced schools.
so, they don't deserve to learn because they have money?
No thanks to Betsy Devos!
I can think of a great way to end #CSEdWeek  - WITH YOU RESIGNING!  Please resign.  You're a joke.  #resign #yousuck
She isn’t a joke. Jokes are funny. Jokes make people feel good. Nothing funny or positive about her.
True!!
You should feel shame for what you are doing to public schools but that would require you to feel-which has left you long ago. Please stop destroying our public schools!!!
And THIS is what you're engaged in.
THESE VOUCHER PROGRAMS IN THESE SCHOOLS WILL TEACH HORRIBLE PROGRAMS THAT INVOLVE THE ALT-RIGHT LIFE OF HATE AND DIVISIVENESS IN OUR COUNTRY

Wouldn't you do more good to see how these optics look in a poor inner city where you promised, "ensuring that all kids...". We see this school is in a high end community. https://www.tollbrothers.com/luxury-homes-for-sale/Virginia/Moorefield-Green-The-Manors#gallery …
How about you? Are you learning that public schools have value and you do not?
Attention @MoorefieldES parents: Any school opening its doors to @BetsyDeVosED does not really care about is students.  Please consider other options.
Who remembers when Devos was embarrassed by #Franken and others during interviews into the administration? Someone has to have that clip 
Now, If only our sec of education could actually accomplish something positive
No chance
No body likes you and everyone hopes you die already.
Outstanding Secretary DeVos.  OCQE is proud of your work to help children through school choice.  #CharterSchoolsWork!!!
If your #Charter is working in Ohio, please don't let @BetsyDeVosED have anything to do with it.  She ruined Michigan.
WE SURE AS HELL ARE NOT GOING TO ALLOW HER AND HER STUPID POLICIES COME TO CALIFORNIA
OMG!!!!  JUST SHUT UP! YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT THE HELL YOU’RE TALKING ABOUT! RESIGN AND CRAWL BACK UNDER THAT ROCK.
You know nothing about education!  You bought your position with big donations!  Bet you will benefit greatly from Trumps massive tax cuts for the rich!
Keep working and learning about our education programs-do great things for us!
its about time

Hahahahahahahahahahahahha! She never will.


I don't believe we can trust you with our children's education. You're really just a lobbyist 
With a black-hearted, dangerous, traitor of a brother. They threaten our democracy on an unprecedented level. Get her out. #freedomfighters
Agree! I was putting it very mildly 
Thank you for finally observing the great things that happen in public schools.  #STEM has been in public schools for 10 years or more, but I know your learning curve is enormous.
You are ruining our public schools and taking away from poor children you should be ashamed of yourself we should be adding to the public schools adding more resources giving the teachers more training in ways to deal with situations that come up in the public schools
Watch out for bears though. I heard they're catching up in STEM.
resign
Why pretend to care about science when the entire administration is against it?
EXACTLY MOST HYPOCRITICAL CABINET EVER...TRUMP DOES NOT BELIEVE IN SCIENCE JUST LIKE HE SAYS THAT CLIMATE CHANGE IS A HOAX
It’s not because of her background & experience.  She copied catch phrases from some curriculum possibilities from another country.
way to go Betsy. Glad to see public schools teaching a skill like coding to kids where they can apply it in older stages of their life. We need more programs like this for schools. This will put these kids ahead in life. Way to go.
That's why she is for cutting STEM education funding. To really prepare the next generation of Republican voters
She isnt cutting stem. Trump is cutting it. He is doing so because they are going to implement better education path that just INCLUDES this. Instead of it being a discretionary fund like it is now. Eliminate certain school programs that dont help and add more stem into school.
School programs like those that protect students from sexual harassment and discrimination? Programs that help train teachers? Programs provide technology for schools that don't happen to be in white neighborhoods?
YES ALL THE PROGRAMS THAT HELP WOMEN AND CHILDREN ESPECIALLY IN THE SCHOOLS AND THE WORK PLACE HE HAS CUT...BULLSHIT
Ivanka had her dad get a 200 million grant that had nothing to do with congress., maybe you missed http://www.cnn.com/2017/09/25/politics/ivanka-trump-stem-computer-science/index.html … When you have a woman dedicated to that... its not getting cut.
You missed all the massive cuts to STEM in the tax bill and proposed budget
no i didnt.. Hes changing the education system
#Resign You are a fraud. #corruption
#STEM is outdated. #STEAM is the future. Get on board
Yes. This.

Hahahahahaha!
How are those 4 day weekends working out for you?
This would be hilarious if it wasn’t true.
Betsy, don’t you have enough money?
DeVos was there seeing it so it's already there & has been for years. You need to get out more among us commoners.
Our 11th and last Secretary of Education.
Are the rumors true .@BetsyDeVosED ?
Your brother is a Bond Villian.
You’re a horrible person and Secretary of Education. That’s all.
I would call her a monster, but some monsters are cool.
But what about the potential grizzlies?  How did they thrive without firearms to protect them?
Omg I was wondering the same thing!
@IvankaTrump how can children take advantage of STEM when their health care is being cut. You have to be well to learn.
#CluelessBestsy #DumbassDeVos #DumpDeVos #CruellaDeVos #RESIGN you have no qualifications to do your job. Photo ops do not require much brain activity do they, Bets.
Another photo op for our useless Sec. of Ed....was this another trip to another elite private charter school? You know, the only ones you care about. Go take a long walk off a very short pier.
Great news Betsy!  Keep up the good work.
Uh...what "good" work???
Yes, @BetsyDeVosED -- #Stem evolved even further to #Steam will bring even greater success! Sent the tools to do such, adding music learning for all US learners in email to you @usedgov beginning Feb. 7th , but you have yet to reply. Here is direct link: https://goo.gl/kQ1WXY 
You don’t have a damn clue what you’re doing and you’re an embarrassment to hard working educators. Such a joke.
Why is there an ellipsis in the middle of your tweet? Did you copy this from elsewhere & omit words? If yes, you should provide a link. If no, you are unfit for your job & should resign. Seriously, learn English! This is not the first time you have made ridiculous errors.
Great work!
When are you resigning? Asking for America.
Not soon enough!
"The president's budget proposal would also ax federal spending on teacher preparation by $2.4 billion, money that school districts can use to recruit STEM educators and restructure pay scales for heard-to-fill jobs, which often include math and science teachers."
And teachers of students with disabilities!
Your budget plan would CUT FUNDING for STEM programs. You've never spent a day in a classroom for anything other than a photo op that costs us taxpayers millions.
I thought you quit.
No such luck
Stop pretending
All you care about is money
And Jesus
In that order
Resign!
Why are you so surprised the kids caught on so fast??? Because they are girls? Students of color? That’s how learning happens at that age especially when combined with experiential learning.
Did she say surprised? Nope. It was a declaration. Quit projecting #SoyBoy
You can give them far better accomplishments by Abolishing the Liberal Arts Curriculum Indoctrination of the liberal destructive agenda. We all know right from wrong, good from evil, boy from girl & it is Criminal to indoctrinate children 5yrs of age&older in destructive way/life
Do you understand any of it? You're so under qualified- looking @ you 45 etc private education is NOT the way to go. Leave office now plz
May you and your brother rot @BetsyDeVosED
That is fantastic! Will there be a change in CORE curriculum?
Resign puppet
You are pushing an agenda that limits those who attend public schools. Let private schools be private. We need FULL FUNDING FOR PUBLIC SCHOOLS!
@BetsyDeVosED only cares about what lines her pockets, not about students
If you want students involved with #STEAM, why are you cutting funding? You do realize that schools don't readily have the technology or the resources, right?!?!
Oligarch DeVos, please tell us the story about Spectrum Health and Alfa Bank! That's a great story! #TREASON
Because of state tests, elementary teachers primarily teach ELA and Math; it’s great to see STEM being incorporated.
Thank you Betsy for the tireless effort you are making to improve the lives of our children.
The fuck???  Stop day drinking!
Why do we still have common core!!??????
She doesn’t know what that is 
You should get a new line. Just saying
You are unqualified to lead educators. You bought your way into this position. Resign and let someone else be in charge. Someone who earned it.
I've been in a teacher qualification program that was filled with M.Ed. holders who could not write a proper paper, make a coherent argument, or think outside of the box to save their life.  Define "unqualified."
Two words to define unqualified: Betsy DeVos.
A highly educated argument.
How do we encourage; critical thinking, logic and not so much market readiness in our school?? @BetsyDeVosED
 @BetsyDeVosED has no clue what you are talking about!!!
Turkish bots
Fantastic job at DOE Betsy. Thank you!
JustWokeUp: please go back to bed.
Any STEM field is good except for the ones that contradict the Bible and take away profits from the oil industry, huh? #dumpdevos
Resign!
#resign
How do you keep getting into these schools? Buy an island and go away, Betsy.
