You haven't done a God damn thing. Stop trying to convince us otherwise. Slither back into whatever hell hole you came from.
The @NAACP backs up its call for a moratorium on charter schools with something often missing in today's political environment - #facts.
@Potus @BetsyDeVosEd @realDonaldTrump
.
Charter schools are in place because of poor parenting
Charter schools are in place because corporations have figured out how to make money off of education.
Yeah
BIG CORPORATIONS haha
Find a way to blame the rich
Demand special treatment
Never be responsible for yourself

THOSE DAYS ARE OVER!

This is how your policies are impacting teachers # betsywillneverholdacandletoteachers. https://www.facebook.com/kimberlymhbrown/posts/1936729356344520 …
2018 VOTE 2020 VOTE it's not about party affiliation anymore it's about voting Godless racist, self entitled pimps like this from destroying / harming our children
How dare you beg for taxpayer money while innocent Americans can't afford groceries! Jesus would cry. You belong in a jail cell.

https://www.facebook.com/kimberlymhbrown/posts/1936729356344520 …
Help 921prek-8student@john rking in Detroit michigan are Currently not receceiving unlimited drinking water. 
In 2016 dpscd water fountains tested /found to have high level of copper&lead student drink this water.its 2018 no unlimited water fountain still. This effects community
Unlike @BetsyDeVosED, the @NAACP backs up its call for a moratorium on charter schools with something often missing in today's political environment - facts.

This tax bill has had very low public support, but that'll surely change once people find out that while their local taxes to support their kids' public schools are no longer fully deductible, wealthy families can now get huge tax breaks for private school tuition.

Charter schools, formed to offer a better alternative to failing public schools, are among the nation's most segregated. http://apne.ws/A5kKilj 
Screw you
.@BetsyDeVosED  My wife is a public school teacher with a master's degree.  I'm a 3 year biomed tech at a hospital with an associate degree.  I make way more money than she does.  What are you doing for public school teachers? Is my question????
Are you complaining about your wife's pay check?
Teaching never used to be about money
.@BetsyDeVosED had nothing to do with their success.
She never said she did
Credit is given to the program itself
Are those the same opportunities that she's now stripping from all students?
Sure screw over public schools in general so that we can have “school choice”

Betsy, tardiness and absenteeism seem to be affecting your performance. You seem lazy and distracted.
Would we have seen a tweet from you touting the successful insertion of a special dispensation in last night's tax scam for the college of your choice if the Republicans had been able to sneak it through?
Hey @BetsyDeVosED ! Sorry to hear about the senate striking down the Hillsdale benefits! You know, the college with deep financial ties to your horrible Blackwater family? Anyway maybe the answer is cyanide. Bye!
NO:
"Educational opportunity"= Expensive choices for the wealthy. Poor children have a tough time just going to a school, let alone have choices. #CruellaDeVos has no empathy or knowledge about education. You need at least one to lead something as vital to society as education.
Help students staff 921prek-8students at john r king school in detroit michigan have no working drink fountains now. Copper&lead found in water 2016. It 2018 still no working unlimited fountain water. Replace pipes restore. Drinkibg fountains water now at all Dpscd school now.
...when you are done, there won't be many more of these stories.
I’m a lifelong Christian & never heard of *any* religion that puts MONEY over MORALS ... since the Jimmy & Tammy Faye scam—until THIS GREEDY administration. Who knew theyve been plotting in secret for decades? MAKE AMERICA DECENT AGAIN!  #FireDeVos 
You are a washed out haggard cunt. Your face disgusts me.
You are shaming Christians. And what makes you think God won't see ur intentions and pay you for that? change your ways NOW.
#thehelpUneed
Nice touch SwampFox:  P. 289 has provision to create an exemption from the university endowment tax — that applies only to Hillsdale, a conservative college the DeVos generously donate to.  SHAME
How about the opportunity to take advantage of public education?
Only for people who share or buy into your beliefs.  You didn't earn your seat as US Secretary of Education.  You bought it. Shame on you.  You aren't making a difference you are making a mockery of it.
Do you realize how much people cringe at the mere mention of your name?
BTW:What is Betsy Devos DOING abt MULTI-TRILLION Student Loan Debt CRISIS?? She actually tried to make it WORSE recently-she was a VERY BAD CHOICE!! NOT A WEALTHY ISSUE SO Repubs dont care?? Affecting economy GREATLY!! COULD cause CRASH!! Millennials STRUGGLING!!
Betsy DeVos isn't qualified to cut box tops for education.
@BetsyDeVosED has never spent a day in a classroom that wasn't for the purpose of a photo op. This coddled billionaire bought her job by donating $200 million to Republicans. #shame
.@BetsyDeVosED spreading more lies and BS.
You mean, the same opportunities you want to deny any kid who isn’t Christian, in a private school, or white?
Well said!
Just what is needed at this crucial time in our history. Politicians regurgitating what the voters want to hear, and doing nothing. Platitudes and not really addressing the problems or offering meaningful solutions.#sameoldcrap
Betsy is a lousy education secretary. You have no idea what normal children need or want. You are like the rest: for the rich only
No organization allowing @BetsyDeVosED a platform truly cares about education, children or America.  Shame on you, @ExcelinEd and all who support this unqualified fool.
you are not qualified. I'm not trying to be mean but you are not qualified!
Must be rich and white.
But did you shoot any bears?
Try teaching kids Nazi's are BAD
The kids of the richest families? Just a highly educated guess. #dumpdevos
The Keep Campus @Switch: Coming soon to Atlanta!
