.@realDonaldTrump I wish the Pledge of Allegiance be returned to Public Schools with no exceptions*! #patriotism
And in its original pre-1954 wording.
How many years in federal prison will you get if you are found guilty of hatred? Is 'severe dislike' a misdemeanor?
trump is annimmoral racist - your support shows that you are as well
Yet you are excited to protect sexual aggressors in college. You are one sick Person and I hope there's a God you can answer to.

Has Trump made "room" for hatred?
You're part of the problem, just so you know. #notaneducator #Unqualified
No you're a part of the problem
Why aren't you defending us, Betsy? Without us racist statues. you'd have to actually find a way to TEACH KIDS HISTORY (apparently)
Love you Betsy, keep fighting for our children
Amen
Are white-robed idiots wearing dunce caps bigger haters than black-clothed nitwits with knit caps and face masks?
It sure is. But we hate you, cause let's face it, you know nothing. That's all. Could you go back to selling popcorn?
Look into this crap! Save our kids, NOW!
Tell that to the radical leftists from the 1960s who are now in charge of our universities and who are brainwashing our kids.
I really expect nothing less for a facist family. The DeVos's and Prince's are Nazis... All of you.
Do you Condemn ALL POLITICAL VIOLENCE?
You're defending Nazis. Did your father beat you? God doesn't do that stuff you know. God loves even you. #cameleyeofneedle
Speaking my "mind": E Prince, your brother, is loading his pockets with tax payers' $, benefiting from the Afghanistan war. Another payout.
Amen! Non-violence, free speech, and peaceful assembly are common American moral values, and must be taught in schools from an early age.
I welcome another voice of reason, Wolf Moon. America's school system needs to be fundamentally changed back from what it has become.
I found the K12 virtual school program remarkable in finding moral common ground when our child was in it. Felt "modern", too - not dated.
A good alternative to state run schools! Looking forward to a national voucher system, where schools become what parents want them to be.
Yes!  School choice, especially virtual schools, create instant alternatives OTHER than moving. This may have profound effects on cities.
The holocaust should be BURNED in EVERY BRAIN.  There is no speaking Nazi allowed EVER!  Your privilege is showing
Nazi. Go on. Say it. I know you can do it! Just make sure no one gets raped, 'cause then they're screwed.
The philosophy of the school room in one generation will be the philosophy of government in the next. They are indoctrinating pur children

You hate American students, why else would you gut gainful employment rules and allow predatory colleges free reign!? You despise students.
I've never been so appalled
I seriously doubt your sentiments considering your agenda of gutting gainful employment and throwing out sexual assault cases which occurred
Your boss just advocated shooting Muslims terrorists with bullets dipped in pigs' blood but thinks some nazis are okay people. Resign.
My question to you is, "Do you support Trump's remarks of 8/15?"
Says the person who is anti-LGBTQ and anti-bullying & pretty much anti-everything not white xtian
Can't believe you can go along with this racist administration. Please resign. I miss the beautiful, caring, free & open America. So sad
Why the domocrats can do it
Does anyone else have a visceral reaction to looking at this womans face?
DeVos is a monster. She is a greedy disgusting monster who cares/knows nothing about our students and seeks to destroy the public schools.
You are part of a Pro-nazi regime.  Don't try to decry the racism YOU propagate.
Well, you haven't resigned today, so we can assume your all in on Nazis and White Supremacists and terrrorist committing murder. Thanks!
Your Tweets make freedom of speech seem like a bad idea.

Also Betsy: Violence is not the answer, however, ruining our children's future and robbing the taxpayers is acceptable.
Did you just soft peddle a nazi assault by throwing out 1st amendment crap?! You stand with racists, you are a racist!!
Unfortunately some people don't have minds, but they still get cabinet positions and Twitter accounts.
And your attacks on public education are a perfect example, but that's your jihad, right, Imam Betsy?

Amen! Those who played hookey during their civics class probably didn't learn this. Good  manners & right conduct should be taught again.
@BetsyDeVosED is an evil person!  How's that for speaking your mind?
Your lack of self-awareness to how awful you are is unbelievable.
Stop.
@FLOTUS @POTUS @IvankaTrump   The Marxist Feminists are instigators of sedition. They OWN our schools.  This flyer is recent, we're at war!
Yet you won't take a stand against bigotry or discrimination against the LGBT+ community.  You are a hypocrite talking out both sides...
https://twitter.com/Limbaugh2016/status/896942689790373889 …
Betsy is #Complicit. Your words are hollow.  I bet your family earned their loot from hurting and disenfranchising others. Wager?
If we're really allowed to speak our minds, I think you're a JERK.
Strong public schools bind the nation together. Your platitudes mean nothing when you advocate for destruction of public schools #TaxTheRich
Ya that's why u are protecting Trans/gay youth right?
interesting, like @realDonaldTrump, u fail to condemn white supremacists. And, u r unqualified 4 Ed Sec. Charolettesville
Yes the last 8 years was a nightmare. Divisiveness took root during Obama tenure
Devos you are no different than a white nationalist. #Hypocrite
Especially not the violence and hatred fomented on the campaign trail, now coming to fruition with tacit acceptance.
Nor mercenary military.
Do u condemn KKK, neo-nazis & white supremacy?  U aren't clear.  USA beat the confederates & the nazis. America will do it again.

Are you calling out the white supremacists or is this just an abstraction to you?
TN Gov Haslam not comfortable with paddling HITTING of kids K-12 wDisabilities #ACEs #ESSA #SchoolSpanking #Violence
Even Nazis Betsy? Really?? Do you support rich Nazis moving next door to you?
I agree completely
Defund all colleges who stiffle free expression. Stop all propagandizing our kids. Stop passing kids who can't read. Go back to old ways
Shush up.
Should have been (3/3). "I firmly condemn the white supremacists' bigotry and violence." It's racism, not "many sides" as POTUS claimed.
If they have a mind.
umm have a talk with your boss because he loves to hate on all kinds of "losers"
BY WHITE SUPREMACISTS. YOU LEFT THAT PART OUT. NOT SURPRISED. YOU ARE COMPLICIT. YOU WORK FOR THE MONSTER.
Yet, you have refused to acknowledge the rights of transgender children in our schools, are actively promoting segregation in our schools.
Trump has allowed it to simmer.
Another weak Trump appointee who won't call this for what it is.  White supremacists.  Time for you to go back to school Betsy.
You work for the leader of those who killed in VA
Yes @BetsyDeVosED your policies on education will only make their ignorance stronger and more abundant
But is there room for racism, bigotry, prejudice...?
What about grizzlies? Room for grizzlies?
Except lawfully assembled people weren't allowed to speak their mind. They were assaulted by cops and by antifa.
Your lukewarm concern has been rejected. Call it what it is, TERRORISM! Refer to them as RADICAL white supremacists! Call them out directly!
There is no room for the #AltRight nor #WhiteSupremacy . Just say that.
Speak out against alt right violence AND stop supporting these travesties!
Your party instigated so deal with it!
Meaning what?  Use your words lady and stand up to the hatred clearly
Is that why you want guns in schools?
So true! God bless you! 
The terrorist alt groups that provoked today's violence need to be condemned. you are as bad as Trump. Afraid to offend the Nazis.

When you do not speak out against inflammatory hate speech- you are part of the problem.
Really strong dislike is ok though?
Killing people with cars is against the law in every state.
But didn't your president insight violence at his campaign rallies? Didn't' you support him at those rallies? What has changed?
No worry @BetsyDeVosED, it's just history repeating itself
Grammar! How can you be in charge of education when you can't even make pronouns and antecedents agree?!?
But you work for a man who promotes violence & hatred!
Puuuleeeasssse! U PAID OFF R Senators for a job to screw over R kids! There is no room 4 U & UR HATE! Us poor folk R ignored!
These are YOUR people Betsy, your party's base. Your boss emboldened them and this is what happens. Resign...NOW.
you may want to let you president know as hie is doing the same thing to NK and Venezuela
Are you proud of your students now Betsy? Hate breeds hate....
And the right for every American child to get a good public education. You are a WITCH!
Your statement appears neutral but we won't be fooled. Some of those violent haters are behind your boss' campaign.
Neutral is not good enough. Anyone who remains in Trump's admin will forever be considered bigoted.
Amen!
Once again you are wrong. Hate speech is not a right. You'd know that if you went to public schools.
Hate speech IS allowed.  Inciting a riot is NOT ALLOWED.  This flier is from YOUR SIDE!
WHAT?!?!??????!?!?!!! IT IS EVERY AMERICAN'S RIGHT TO BE A NAZI AS LONG AS NO PUNCHES ARE THROWN? YOU ARE SUPPORTING THEIR "RIGHT TO SPEAK"?
You shouldn't say things you don't understand or believe.
Hatred? We've never seen that in our country!
Well they're using their freedom of speech to do exactly that, and your boss's rhetoric has given them a platform.
You and your kind are promoting this hate filled behavior..these are your people responding to your revolting views
Well, apparently there IS room for violence & hatred. Your Boss opened the damn door. #Charlottesville #BuyAJobBetsy
You are the biggest HYPOCRITE! Why won't you stand against discrimination in your "school choice" schools, BETS!?!?! HYPOCRITE!!! LIAR!!!
Exactly 
Their is lots of hate here all on Democratic sideKnow in Collages preaching hate white plenough is enoughwe are speaking outStop illegal
This is more than speaking your mind. You know that too.
Is that the best you can do. You are so white and you won't condemn white supremacy outright You are a disgusting excuse for a leader
Your boss incited this violence. Talk to him about that.
The Democrats combined with the Marxists in the mid 19th century, they tried to use the blacks as foot soldiers!, but blacks were too moral.
Surprisingly similar to Melania's post...the writers woke up from their nap time.
Make American Education Great Again!
School Choice gives a Better Choice for our Children!
Pro-School Choice and I Vote!
you keep being terrible at this job. just condemn the ignorance. stand up to hate. be stronger with your words. for the kids. #devos
You're Secretary of Education? Shameful!
How the Right-Wing Koch and DeVos Families Are Funding Hate Speech on College Campuses Across the U.S. |
Senate Democrats 'deeply troubled' by 'racist, bigoted' views shared by Trump education appointees http://politi.co/2jYsGeb  via @politico
Mike Pence, Betsy DeVos and the Klan’s Long Shadow - In These Times: http://inthesetimes.com/article/19904/mike-pence-betsy-devos-and-the-klans-long-shadow …
Separation by color, religion, ideals, kills. So why try to separate edu. by socio- economic status (vouchers)? Obvious that doesn't work.
People have a right to Peacefully Protest, one Protest at a time!
Protests are not Group Cage Fights!!!
Your brother is a mercenary.  He literally makes a profit off violence and killing.
No one wants to hear what you have to say.
If I was American and someone killed Americans, I would hate them.
Chickenshit statement. Why not identify the problem?
Because she didn't learn about it in school?
This is why your job is so important, Betsy.  Educate our children to be above vitriol and violence towards those they disagree with.
Better, speak from clean Heart before speaking. A heart absent of God is at odds w/God;Love,Peace,Joy: Out of the heart flows issues of life
Your whole administration has been built on hatred. Your boss has Neo Nazis in his administration!!! They weren't shouting Heil Clinton!!!!!
So very untrue. You must be drinking the koolade offered by CNNsnd MSNBC. Those stations only spew speculation. No facts.
Just a good ole boy from OH. who supported your @potus platform. Hopelessness in America is at all time high. You are disgrace

This is a bullshit statement from a bullshit person. Either step down or own it. You are a part of this mess you helped create.
That statement was made before he was elected. Nothing to do with the present situation
Do they teach you the non-condemnation condemnation in Nazi school?
Freedom of speech does not cover hate speech. @SCOTUS affirmed via Matal v. Tam that "hate speech" is NOT protected under #1A.
Daaammmn, throwing shade like an elm in a sunny parking lot girl!
It is not their right to incite violence based on race. Speak out against the racists and neo nazis.
liar your family aren't particularly fond of free speech. You either sue them or kill them for profit in your brothers case.
140,000 patriots died stopping the Confederate traitors. Are you ok with rebel idolizers demanding statues to traitors be on US SOIL, ma'am?
But Betsy, these evangelical fascists are your biggest fans! They're the ones who love those segregated schools you want so badly.
Not at all what she was s working toward. Public education is the problem. Everyone is dumbed down by teachers teaching to the middle
I agree, to an extent, but let's solve the problem and not cater to the rich.
Rich or poor. That is what DeVos is working for. ALL kids having choice to go to non-public  schools.
Charter schools etc.   As a former public school teacher I agree
You go, girl. That Google guy was wrong about you.
Why don't u just name and condemn the hatred already.  Say it with us: WHITE SUPREMACY.  U could also say this: RACISM. Just do it already.
Best to cover all the bases of violence. Not just the idiots rioting today
#WhiteSupremacy is the root of the violence in #Charlottesville and our elected officials need to condemn it in no uncertain terms. #truth
I'd like to educate them!
300,000 Americans died fighting the Nazis. Are you ok with Nazi-Americans, ma'am?

#Trump is insane. Says he has to research KKK before condeming. Scared to upset the base... Exhibit 9:
#TrumpRussia 
You should listen closely to what Trump says. You have probably decided he is lying
why can't any of you cowards just say 'white supremacists'.
Trump Admin do not care about terrorists- if theyre white
As you watch the violence play out today, remember Trump admin cut funding for research on white supremacist terrorist and extremist groups
Why would eith of those things need tax dollars for research?  Ridiculous
Hate & prejudice won't win. You are complicit in creating a group of domestic terrorists. Our kids deserve a leader with morals.
Wrong, the enemy of America are the Marxist Feminists, they control our schools, they have many agents, they had Obama.
What we really need is protection from bears.
Very True, but when other races protest against white America everyone keeps quiet.  Let's stand up and stop ALL RACISM, White, Black, Brown
Excellent statement.
It's also every American's right to a quality public education so that he/she knows enough to correct your grammatical errors.
why can’t you call it for what it is White Supremacist Terrorism? Oh wait, you support it.
So only that left can march n protest .
@realdonaldtrump Speaking mind 1 thing. A cabinet that promotes discrimination/racism another! Prosecution, denouncing #Charlottesville
So very untrue.  Despite what you hear  on those liberal stations Trump is working for ALL Americans
I think you need to be Estate Taxed at 95%

Wow.  You really know how to not strongly condemn Nazi's.
Antifa wouldn't have been there if the white supremacists had just stayed home in their moms basement like they do the other 364 days a year
That's not even close to the same thing. BLM isn't rallying to disenfranchise other races. They're trying to preserve their own lives.
