#ReThinkSchool means encouraging local autonomy, trusting teachers, empowering parents and expanding student-centered learning 1/2 
Honestly, do you hear how everything you say reeks of racism and classism!?!?
#INTEGRATE Public Schools & Make them work for everyone. #NoCharterSchools #NoSegregation #PublicSchoolsRock
If the focus genuinely is on students, the words "Free Appropriate Public Education" won't have to be rethought-it will be recognized as 1/2
the fundamental right of every child in this nation. As @SenAlexander said last year, if ED wants to legislate, quit ED & run for office.2/2
https://goo.gl/qJs3ws  #Knoppers I just want to assert the fundamental equity of miaw
As a public school teacher who has a degree in Education, I guarantee it matters a lot!

Dear @BetsyDeVosED,Please view and reply to: http://www.stringquest.com/betsy-devos-vision-proposal … Emailed @usedgov 
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse please assist - thanks! 
"Segregated" is a word that I worry about being before school. Also: "for profit". Funny how quickly focus on students gets lost there.
Here's another word to worry about: "closed"
Your life's work has been advocating for alternative school systems! We see thru u! #DumpDevos #StopBetsy #FundOurPublicSchools #NoProp305
@SenAlexander Remember when you said "We are for public education-plain & simple"? (1999) Your ED Secretary pick doesn't, but I do.
Hey Betsy, come to my school! We are 95% Hispanic and 98% economically disadvantaged. Come get a reality check!
Yea? And hold teachers accountable for the RESULTS meaning don't pass unachievers on thru
Here's an idea that will let us focus on students...#resign

I like all the tweets about @BetsyDeVosED trying to teach for a week. I'll write the lessons and make all the copies for ya. You won't last
Where in constitution is the right for govt to be involved in education? Where are we guaranteed "free" education?
#2 waste of finances of small districts Need to share superintendents. Nepotism. School bd members all friends & biz relationships GEARUP.
But you're not thinking about the millions of kids who would not have access to your narrow,  elite vision of schools. #miched
You are so not qualified for this job!! Please quit.
Please do your homework on rural America. Need oversight. Yes, we need to trust. But too much local power is problematic!!!!

So very true!
WHAT?! 

"Hey, everyone. Just ignore all that for-profit, private stuff. Pretend you didn't hear it."

Bullshit.

Does anyone respond positively to these tweets? Does that make you consider your stance?
Maybe @RethinkSchools might have a different view in this.
You are atrocious. The men and women that teach America's children should be led by someone with qualifications, not $$. #sosad #trumpchump
Nice branding for your message! At least you've gotten that accomplished!
Thank you for prioritizing individual students over systems and adult interests. Welcome to Nebraska!
These are same teachers who teach socialim is better than capitalism, and have transgender reveal party in elementary, and ban paper gun!?
You're such an appalling piece of shit
I'm with you 100%.  Thank you for serving.
#1Been tried here.  Too much concentrated power in small areas. Lack of oversight. No HR dept. Superintendents in small districts.
We appreciate your efforts Betsy! Thank you for your hard work and dedication.

Does it also mean taking away protections under the law for disabled and LGBTQ students?  Don’t forget about that, @BetsyDeVos - u r cruel.
Rethink your career path please, for the good of the nation.
When were you a certified teacher?  What did your lesson plans look like?  How did you differentiate instruction?
#ReThinkBetsy
Let's rethink how someone so unqualified (like you and Trump!) are in your current positions.
Unless the word is for-profit.
Public is perhaps the most important word that could come before school. Public.
My tax money should only go to public schools. Not charter not religious.
You work for PUBLIC schools that serve all students, no matter how much their families make, can give, or what religion they practice. ALL.
You are a checkbook on two legs, who thinks having money means Jesus must think you have something good to offer. That's not good enough.
My daughter went to public schools She has 4 degress and working on the fifth How many degress do you have ?
Let qualified people do their jobs. For example: my public school teachers are all highly qualified, with degrees and years of experience.
You are in so far over your head, aren't you? Bless your heart...
How can someone have reached this level of power and influence and be so tone deaf & prone to over simplification?
Word placement and choice is pretty important. Just sayin'
All those fancy school choices you promote have been tried and scrapped over and over. Only one works: ALL kids matter.
The word that comes before school? What?
I believe we need to "rethink" how narcissistic old crones like you can buy their government positions without any qualifications or skills.
"Public" is the word you want rid of. That's how we know how important it is to you.
.@BetsyDeVosED PUBLIC is the word you are trying to avoid because privatization brings you & your greedy, disgusting pals more money.
Public is what always has and always should come before most schools. Educated citizens is what you should focus on #quityourjob
Your words and actions could not be more contradictory. Just because you get a fancy hashtag and spout theory does not make it so.
Say what you really mean: whites only, upper class, pro rapist, Jesus classes only schools. Disgraceful liar.
Oh, Gollygeewillickers! Thanks for the clarification. #notheocracy
If your actually believed in teachers & students, you would support REAL Public Schools.
Your a disgrace to the office billionaire Betty
#rethinkyourselfbetsy #supportpublicschools
Nonsense. The only reason you are in your job is because you are rich and a part of the Koch brothers cabal.
You have NO idea what you are doing.  Please step aside and let someone with an education background do their job.
Can you not think about profit or Jesus when you think about school?
I support #PublicSchools. Charter schools/voucher systems FAIL our students. #RESIGN
This is not how you thread tweets 
Privatization is a scam
No. Systems ensure continuity of success for ALL students
Tell you what, write me a standards-aligned lesson plan and teach it for 5 periods a day and I'll agree to a meeting with you.
How about 4 different preps for 6 classes a day--with differentiation. Let's see @BetsyDeVosED do that for a week. Then I'll listen to her.
I will worry about any school that gets tax dollars while legally allowed to discriminate against my daughter because she has 2 moms.
ALL students have the right to a good, free education. Including those with disabilities, behavior problems, illnesses...
you can start by trusting this teacher who says you are wholly unqualified for the position you hold and should resign. Now.
What about grizzly bear school? All schools matter.
#DumpDeVoss
You have consistently made decisions against the good of the most vulnerable students among us. Shame on you. #ReThinkAttitudes
I don't think anyone is worried about a word. They're worried about the destructive, biased, and unequal system that word represents.
Our schools are failing our children who is going to change that?
It is a fake crisis created by Wall Street to get their grubby hands on public school $.
You think about the word "money".
Also whatever genius came up with this didn't realize that the T in rethink is NOT capitalized. #unqualified #swampwater
Does it also mean dismantling public education? Don't think I need to "rethink" that one.
We are really counting on you to fix the mess created by Obama
The system is important. For instance, taking funds from a public system and giving them to a private system has a huge impact on the PUBLIC
also, learn to link your tweets. It isn't difficult.
You mean like "elementary" or "high" or "Christian" ? Keep religion out of schools!
Lousy slogan from a lousy dept head.
Excellent point Betsy.  Students are what are paramount and what is best for them.
Resign
Don't pretend to care for all students when your history shows otherwise.
How about you rethink your job? And why you took it? And why you think rape is okay on college campuses? Are you even a human being?
Knowing that you are in charge of this department is troubling @BetsyDeVosED .
then what's with the charter/private school push? Oh right all about $$ for you. I really dislike liars.
The wacky liberals will be attacking you. Change the brainwashing they have been doing for several decades. Hang in there we support you.

The word that comes before school MATTERS. Check out NEPC resources on #charterschools at http://nepc.colorado.edu/topic/charter-schools …
Paying teachers well, keeping guns & religious indoctrination out of schools would be good. You bought this job, you didn't earn it.
You are so uneducated in the realm of PUBLIC school.. they focus on students.. all students.
Does that mean you are visiting a public school today instead of your normal private school?
the word before school matters.  Not everyone can afford private school.  Education should be a right for everyone not just the rich
Unless the word that comes before "school" has something to do with religion. You can't pick & choose your Constitutional Amendments.
Why not make the public schools THE BEST for all.  Rich white kids will find away to have their private schools.
So weird.
#RethinkDeVos #emptytheswamp #unqualified
#ReThinkSchool #ReThinkSchoolis a joke developed by a woman that bribed her way into her seat.  #swampwater with no clue.
We can stop worrying about types of schools when all children can access all levels of quality education for free. We're not there yet.
So #ReThinkSchool basically means shutting our eyes and putting our fingers in our ears.
@bmperr
If you are not systems focused, show us. Why not dedicate yourself to #ReThinkLearning instead, with real action and not just tweets?
Please get liberalism out of school curricula.  It's ruining our kids!
This is coming from someone who has never made a lesson plan in her life. Get off the field.
What...
Start teaching our children early that the wealthiest know how to make America great again (for themselves).
The Webster Co. Public Schools in KY are doing exactly that!  We are shifting toward a true "Learner Focused" school district. Open invite
fape, under idea and s.504, only have meaning when the prefix is "public", not "ritzy" or "xtian". please resign, you're an embarrassment.
You don't know anything about anything. Resign.
Stop tweeting, @BetsyDeVosED
School choice EBT for school SchoolStamps
@BetsyDeVosED, please stop @PPSConnect from displacing our children with boundary changes.
Teachers need to earn trust from parents. Many have failed to show us they are providing a safe place for our kids to learn and thrive.
The words "private" "charter" & "for profit" have no place in front of American schools! #NoVouchers
RENTERS RULE!: Perfect. Focusing on the patron's needs rather than the host institution's creates new opportunities & success for all.
Does that mean that Inner city and rural schools will get the same benefits as the schools for your rich, white, Christian kids?
No

Publish the list of your wealthy cronies who are lined up to profit off the billions in federal $$ you want to siphon off Public Schools!
Bottom line, student achievement matters! Schools must be held accountable! Pls focus on Detroit, Chicago and Washington DC Public Schools!
Support PUBLIC SCHOOLS for ALL students no matter race, religion, or wealth.
Stop trying to act like people are happy you have this job. You are ruining schools for money and you know it
Article forgot Dr. Michelle Rhee left b/c the teachers couldn't be fired! Dr. Rhee left to open a charter school!
If you trusted teachers you'd give more financial aid and classroom autonomy, not undo sexual assault regulations
There is no need to focus on 1. You must consider the greater system of education in order to support schools/viceversa @BetsyDeVosED
We need to rethink how a #paytoplay fool like you got into control
#stopbetsy #BetsyDeVosSucks
#SchoolChoice #ksleg #ksed #ReThinkSchool
We need to *rethink* rethinking everything & focus on the root cause of the problem. 
Source-based problem solving.
We have plenty of reasons to worry, especially  parents of special needs kids! YOU DON'T KNOW WTF YOU'RE DOING! @realDonaldTrump's puppet.
"The public school is the greatest discovery made by man." Horace Mann (1796-1859). The word "before 'school'" matters.
.@BetsyDeVosED doesn't understand American history nor the purpose of the "public" in our public schools. #Citizenship #Values #Integration
Ha! You're unbelievable. You don't care about students. You only care about your own interests. You're ruining education.

#DumpDeVos
Then why should certain "systems" have different accountability measures?
Maybe YOU need to worry more about the word "public" and less about the words "for profit."
...or better yet, learn what "proficiency" & "growth" are. 
Better yet, EQUAL accountability.
Clearly, the word you are referring to here is "think."
We love you Betsy. Devos show us the way
"Charter-School"= $$$$$ in your pocket.  Resign.
Resign
Tell your intern to learn how to thread tweets, dum-dum.
/1 NO!!! There must be systemic accountability! @SenAlexander @PattyMurray @Network4pubEd
/2 Public Education is an Instrument of Democracy. @SenatorIsakson @ChrisMurphyCT @SenatorCollins @SenFranken
/3 Let's empower locally accountable districts to set NEW standards of excellence. @SenatorTimScott @timkaine
/4 Let's VALUE that infrastructure by paying local skilled & educated folks real living wages to do the hands-on work that needs to be done.
/5 We can make it systemically sustainable by excising the gross excess that accumulates in Interstate Commerce and Banking.
/6 Systemic accountability is all that matters. Keep an eye on the top of the pyramid.
/7 Thank you for your leadership. #AIAG, and our best days are with future generations of well-educated communities. 
Pls focus on Detroit, Chicago and Washington DC Public Schools the worst in our country! Student achievement must be first priority!
She already experimented in Detroit and Holland, Michigan and managed to make things even WORSE!
Nothing is worse than Detroit Public Schools and their corrupt administration!
That doesn’t make any sense.
In other words, "Let's cut funding for public schools who desperately need more money to subsidize private schools." We will fight you.
? What word that comes before school too cryptic please elaborate.
Betsy, we know you want to destroy the US educational system by diverting taxpayer dollars to for-profit and religious schools. #StopBetsy
We can only hope she will change the public school sector for the better.
