Music keeps kids focus 
You embarrass US
It’s unconscionable that our top Education official won't commit to speaking out against discriminatory policies:
D
U
M
P
.
D
E
V
O
S
.
#AmericaDeservesBetter
#savePublicEducation
#ResignBetsy
I checked out their website. Looks like they are doing phenomenal work. #SchoolChoice
If you want #EqualEducation you should support school choice.  Why should a kid be restricted by zip code or finances?
School choice is not limited to charters and privates. It also allows kids to attend public schools outside of zipcode.
You realize that your "grand plan" will basically eliminate arts funding, right?
How are you going to help the country's public schools achieve this level of "musical skill"? By cutting funding?
You see this innovation, they clearly don't need your financial undoing. Just look at your charter schools in Michigan. #CorruptToTheCore
It would be great to have music back in schools which helps with math critical thinking and logic. Stop the push of Tech, Back to Basics
Some would say music instruction is not part of "basics"!  Why do you think it is at the top of the list when we have budget cuts?
That's because they do not value and do not understand why it is important and how it functions in the brain. Even if they play...
A CD of a classical song it will do wonders. This is why I suggest to stop the push with tech reallocate money, Back to Basics.
Not everyone likes classical and wont help at all trust me u need fun music like high school musical or musicals
Betsy, your resignation will be music to my ears!
Wow! Public schools also offer music education! #ReThinkDevos
I find it amazing that @BetsyDeVosED has the audacity to show her face at a school named after Nelson Mandela.
this is great but i'm seeing a lot of caved in wrists. they'll never be able to shift betsy!!!help them by funding the arts!!
Except public schools are cutting music and arts programs left and right...what do you plan to do about it?! Oh yeah , you don't know SHIT.
Dear Secretary DeVos, Remaining optimistic that you will view and reply to the link below: http://www.stringquest.com/betsy-devos-vision-proposal … 
Music for every student!
Cute fellas of the next generation
Shame on you Ms. Devos! Eliminating a policy that supports sexual assault survivors is just plain wrong! Reconsider this action that harms!
Donald Trump Could Make Schools More Dangerous | Teen Vogue
No a public school dum dum
So, this "ReThinkSchool" thing, is just an excuse to tour schools so you can learn how they actually function? Ah, I see. Cuts. Jobs. Bull.
Or not function.  How about we make it about the kids not the teachers union?
Oh yeah. All those educators out there, only thinking of themselves. 
your depraved behavior toward rape victims really makes me wonder if your sons raped girls in college and u were angry you had 2 pay victims
So I guess you're going to cut their music lessons next bc they are learning from them.
What did they play for you?  A funeral procession?
How about you THINK about anyone besides yourself and how much money you and your family can make off of SCREWING us!!

Mike Pence, Betsy DeVos and the Klan’s Long Shadow - In These Times: http://inthesetimes.com/article/19904/mike-pence-betsy-devos-and-the-klans-long-shadow …
Senate Democrats 'deeply troubled' by 'racist, bigoted' views shared by Trump education appointees http://politi.co/2jYsGeb  via @politico
The DeVos Dynasty: A Family of Extremists -
They are privately funded. Hmmmm...Private funding for every school in the nation? Ponzi scheme, Betsy.
THEIR website, "we may not have all the resources necessary to best address the learning needs of all"... NO VOUCHERS unless accept ALL.
When will you be cutting of their arts funding?! Donny doesn't like hearing instruments...only the sounds of his lying voice.
How about appropriate supports for public schools rather than changing rules for charter schools?!
This is awesome!
Babies. I want to pinch their little cute cheeks and hear their talent too. #ReThinkSchool Now that is progressive in the right direction!!
#dumpDEVOS

You can't even articulate ---You are not experienced!!! #ResignBetsy
Betsy...you remind me of a bag of warm soapy water with a hose...and your brother....ha ha
Because nothing says "fix the failing schools" by buying the children violins instead of necessary books, supplies and technology.
Do you have photo/video releases from all these students' parents?
Releasing their pics & location on Twitter...
know the laws, #BetsyDeVos!
I am sure they do every school at beginning of each year parents sign those 
Maybe you should know what your talking about before trolling

Haha stronger together you're cute. It's all about you.  Not the kids right?
When do you actually start doing WORK, instead of flitting all over the country for photo ops?! Don't come to my kids' superb public school.
You are praising this school, but you are not fighting for more funding. Smh
Schools are always innovating. They don't need you to tell them. They need you to finance their efforts and invest in the future.
Quite the trickster--going w/optics & showing children of color 4 whom u will do nothing.Be sure 2 let them know you're using them as props.

Privatizing schools is wrong. Worse, is having religion in schools.
Any school that truly cares for its students would NEVER allow @BetsyDeVosED in its classrooms.  Shame on you.
You mean teachers that care more about themselves &union won't let her in.  She speaks for the kids.

:) LOVE
Here's a fun idea. Pool all the tax money and distribute it evenly so no matter where you live you get quality education.
Rich families will still have the option to go to a private school.
It's sad that a Gov official on tax payers dollars is promoting funding for private schools. Public schools should be improved first.
Why?  The point is As long as the kids get a good education. Learn skills so they can support themselves. Public schools suck
ReThink
DeVos
#DumpDeVos
Great picture! I am excited to see that you are getting ideas from all avenues!
You are not terrific. In fact, you are unqualified, unfit, and inexperienced and should not be in charge of the ed system.

#DumpDeVos
Thanks for saying what I was thinking. In case you read this Betsy, quit playing teacher, and give the money your husband earned to a school
Well that's nice enjoy the music programs while they last, those are on your cutting board
Betsy once your administration cuts public school budgets as you'd like, our inner city schools won't be able to afford music departments.
Many rural schools have not had music or for years.
Will have even less once this presidency gets its way. But her emails!!!
At any age.
