Someone who gets it.  Exactly why I have retained an attorney to fight for #FAPE for my #dyslexic daughter.  Above average IQ in third grade pushed through reading at Kindergarten level #civilrights denied #IDEA#failingourchildren
keep it up!
Yes,but in our PUBLIC schools!MANDATE research-based BEST PRACTICE(DAP & PLAY for early childhood)as it is currently NOT properly implemented.Also, invest in more intervention on campuses (OT, PT, speech,& counselors).NO to school choice;YES to PUBLIC ED!
Public schools are horrible! Yes to school choice. More home schooling.No to indoctrination.
No need to rethink school. Just remove all the high stakes tests, common core & billionaire influence in curriculum & teaching methods. Let kids & teachers handle it.
#CruellaDeVos loves to state the obvious, in the form or short statements that carry no meaning. She treats education as a product to be sold from the pulpit and behind the camera.
But the current model does. Take away the ridiculous pressure of constant standardized testing. Let teachers teach!
True. So get rid of standardized testing, eliminate the gap in funding, allow teachers to bring enthusiasm back to their students.
Standardized tests do not honor the principle that children learn in different ways in different time frames.
Visit @RethinkSchools
Schools with the resources, not only honor, but act on that principle.  You need to broaden your scope and visit more schools.  We know far better than you do what our mission is,  and assistance not criticism is what you need to supply.  #RethinkYourJob
As a mom of a dyslexic teen, I've been through the school jungle, and know the frustrations and challenges to individualize learning for all, but we CAN do this in the PUBLIC SCHOOLS with proper funds from the feds, ditch testing, and let teachers TEACH!  Charters not the answer.

Rethink @BetsyDeVosED. She bought her job.

Register to vote. Get two friends registered to vote. Throw a voter registration party. 

At the end of the day, this administration is bad for you, it’s bad for us,…
@Betsy DeVos nice quote but I can tell by your actions you have no clue as to what tjus statement means. Your goal is to gut public ed to give the super rich tax credits for private schools.
The Traditional Model doesn’t allow unaccountable for-profit charter schools to proliferate. They consistently fail to serve students. @BetsyDeVosED is an unqualified kleptocrat. Let’s #RethinkPlutocracy instead and make sure her ilk never influence policy again.
This sounds a lot like a premise in a bad argument for "school choice".
No. It’s an argument for mastery of  a given skill or material being more important than how long it takes. Divide current grades into smaller blocks and graduate kids to the next level on a monthly or quarterly basis as they master material.
Sounds like an idea that might require better funding for schools.
Lindsay Ca (a very poor district) managed to pull it off without a budget increase. Rep from district starts talking at 6:30 https://www.c-span.org/video/?438761-1/secretary-devos-hosts-education-innovation-summit&live …  He talks for about 20 min.
Use of Technology and video helps make education more personal and more effective:

Not only is @BetsyDeVosED not qualified to be Sec. of Education, she also awarded a student loan debt collection contract to a company she has a financial interest in. How is this not a conflict of interest? Our students deserve better. #CA39 #PhilForHouse …
#Unethical #ErikPrince
A company that once had financial ties to Education Secretary Betsy DeVos was one of two firms selected Thursday by the Education Department to help the agency collect overdue student loans. The deal could be worth hundreds of millions of dollars. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/grade-point/wp/2018/01/11/education-dept-awards-debt-collection-contract-to-company-with-ties-to-devos/?hpid=hp_rhp-more-top-stories_debt-devos-430pm%3Ahomepage%2Fstory&utm_term=.8fde9ab248ff …
Yasss, finally! As Mother of a #Dyslexic it's so refreshing to see this from @usedgov. Now, how are we going to implement REAL change for those that learn differently? I have some ideas
So true. The factory model if education does not work.
Indeed!
#rethinkdevos #Dumpdevos
The Liberal Arts Curriculum Indoctrination of public education has not worked since removal of God & Prayer from schools. Kids are taught the way of the devil, darkness of evil & destruction with hearts of Hate. The Heart must be established on God, Good & Life w/love & Respect
Amen!!!
Education is one of the few professions where standards go through an extreme vetting process, but the pedagogy or the method by which those standards may be achieved is NOT mandated. We MUST mandate BEST PRACTICE at ALL levels in public ed! Pedagogy matters!
Most models are present in public schools. Support public schools!
The adoption of the Student-centric Learning and Educational Model in action!
Agree. Each student needs to have his/her own goals. That’s should be the future of education in schools.
Sure,people learn in different ways in different time. But what makes your solution the right way to go?
How many years did DeVos teach?
ZERO. NONE. NADA. ZIP. ZILCH.
Totally agree, one size fits all has never worked in Education. #vote4peterson #RethinkSchool
Dividing children by age rather than the skills they have mastered is outdated. Developing a system where K-6 education is divided into 20+ levels. Master material for level 1 graduate to level 2.....
Nothin, nothin like havin an outright sexist and racist runnin the DOE....will ensure the dumbest white boys get all the support they need to "keep society stable", right Betsy?
yes, agree, right Bets? Black kids and girls are definitely SLOWER learners than white christian boys and so should be held back & taught at much slower pace. Have I got that right, Betsy???
My best friend was a spelling bee champ. Every week she got 100% on the weekly spelling test. I would get 70% or less. The next we both got 20 new words to learn. Why not give me a list that retains the 6 words I missed and 14 new words.  1/2
2/2 math came easy to me, so it took me a week to master long division. My friend struggled and never mastered it, but was forced to move on to fractions. By 6th grade she was “horrible at math” and I “couldn’t spell”.
End CommonCore
