You must be doing it right...you're triggering the left with every tweet!

This is awesome. You should have posted a clip at the beginning right before they all barf.  Also, thanks for proving my point!
9.5 years in Army. Leaders earn their spot through sacrifice, experience and dedication. She knows none of this. No honor. #RethinkDeVos
What has she done so far that is so egregious? Nothing.
Bribed her way intok her seat. Shown no qualification. Uneducated statements. She is a joke #swampwater #RethinkDeVos.  She has done nothing
And not everyone agrees with you! You mean she hasn't done anything yet - you're just whining for the sake of whining! Got it!
I'm "whining" because I defended this country so people could achieve greatness. Not so corruption could buy it. Such a sad pleb.
Not working Betsy. #ReThinkSchoolWithoutBetsyDeVos
#RethinkDeVos
Back off of my kids education. You know nothing about it, it what they need. Nor do you care. You wanted a return on your investment.
#RethinkDeVos
#RethinkDeVos
#RethinkDeVos
You can see that the school can reject and not serve kids with disabilities
Do you know how many disabled kids actually get rejected from private or public charters?   Very few.  Usually only major disabilities.
Your source?
Impressed? Take time to see what makes them successful. Is educating kids easier without unfunded mandates? No unnecessary govt hoops?
It's easier, cheaper and more rewarding for both teacher and student.  It is simply the nature of freedom and free enterprise.
Clearly you don't live in Iowa or have experienced what public education can do when properly funded and managed.
I'm quite certain the extent to which your ed bureau succeeds is the extent to which it mirrors "choice" and free market-style incentives.
Keep on researching. You haven't yet found the secret to our success! We only have 2 private high school options & I'm in the largest city!
Ed-bureau either leans centralized and coercive (left) or "choice" & free market (right). The more it mirrors the right the better the systm
We do not have a free market and the "choice options" are minimal at best. So now what?
I hope you put Home Schooling in the "right" column. So, if not "right", it's only a matter of time 'till the ed-bureau betrays you too
Yes it is right  that education is powerful  wespon for success .
But Bikaner Siksha Vibhag is too slow to do anything. #pta nahi koi itna slow kaise ho skta hai.
Nowadays  edu Dept is running   fast for big achievement ..
Veena ji hum sab bhi yahi chahte Hai ki jldi but kucch officer's hote Hai jinhe muft ki khane ki adat Hai or unki vjh sai hi ......1/2
Truly disturbing U would post about EDUCATING childrn when everything U R actually doing is the EXACT OPPOSITE. Must B that private Ed U got
Yes bring back civics classes
Yes, yes they did.
Lie, lie, fake,fake,fake...not real progress. Blind and gross, privileged thinking!
2 - Oh and let's hit on the Sexual Assault Title IX - So, you actually want more girls raped?
Please resign, you're not qualfied to determine our children's education. Ur $MILLION a month disbursement from DOE for security proves it.

#RethinkDeVos
You've learned some educational buzzwords that public educators have been using for years.  Please APPLY the principles to ALL students. (1)
@BetsyDeVosED:  What were the innovations?  Were they federally funded?  Is there data to support the decrease in gaps? (2)
It is not enough to know the buzzwords, @BetsyDevosED.  You must act on them.  Your shameless self promotion is not doing anything for us (3
All you care about/know about is money, not education. Shut up.
Oh look at Betsy trying to hitch her wagon to someone who actually understands education and is doing something!  Betsy just resign.
Resign
That's encouraging, what are they doing? Keep working hard!
NEBRASKA  PUBLIC SCHOOLS
 #Betsy's NOT NEEDED!
Take your PRIVATIZATION  & buy BILLIONAIRE Influence away from our children.
Back2Amway
Keep up the great work! #WeThePeople are with you AND @realDonaldTrump 100%! PROPER education is the KEY to #MAGA Hurry on those #Vouchers!
Brown bear, brown bear, what do you see? Woefully inadequate secretary.
Hilarious
Are you going to try to force Nebraska into adopting your awful charter schools?
As an educator, you do a horrid job. No info, just broad buzzwords.
Take indoctrination out of all schools! Globalist Soros interfered n our education system to brainwash kids at an early age! Stop it now!
Maximize learning and success? As you did in Michigan? Oh wait- you mean maximize success for your for-profit charter owners, including you!
You need to stay out of our childrens lives. We need a real education director
In the right Way! The indoctrination into the wrong choices&Ways of life is an abomination to our society.Look around the end product~street
betsy, you are unqualified for this office. shame on you for thinking yourself fit to lead in education.
Betsy, Pat Toomey said he "didn't even know" you gave to his PAC. Rly?
It's going to be great to rid the world of you and vote all you GOP fools out #paytoplay QUEEN
Let me guess: For profit privatization? 

How did you get a job you're totally unqualified for? Donated a few million to Donnie Two Scoops?
Betsy wants to turn the whole world into a feeding ground for the SWAMP CREATURES.
But it was the low road to the approach. Instead of enhancing the educational practices for Underachievers, they subdued the lateral
Why do you bother? You are totally unqualified and know nothing about what you are doing!
You are not "maximizing success" to all students. You are blocking access to education to those children who need it most. Failing Betty
#RethinkDeVos
#RethinkDeVos
Yes! And those working against the American people, understand the concept! It's why many American schools have been turned upside, down.
Thank you Betsy DeVos.
Are you aware that most Chaters are tax funded PUBLIC schools!  They just don't have a corrupt union preventing innovation and success.
Careful.... @klongpiper's profile says it doesn't deal with hate.
#ReThinkDeVos #Unqualified
Just leave Betty! Just go home!
#RethinkDeVos
Philadelphia School District $2.6 billion budget, no books or toilet paper..
Phila Politicians looting the system!
Speak to me---and Obama used it for that intended purpose too!
So, when ru erasing Common Core or even addressing it? @realDonaldTrump @IngrahamAngle @jessebwatters @rushlimbaugh @seanhannity @SebGorka
She tried to remove the requirements.  The policies were stopped.
Link to Mandela Elementary homepage is doesn’t work. Much like your thinking on school success. #kakistocracy
Quote 'is doesn't work', ?? what link from what page?
I went to Mandela Elementary Twitter page and link to their webpage returned 'not found' numerous times.
I originally wrote 'is broken', edited, accidentally left in 'is'. Covfefe happens.
.This privately funded school has 70 students and accommodations for SWD is limited. Nice program but not a typical school.
#RethinkDeVos
There can never be anything successful about destruction of a Public system.Americans reject public money for private schools.
#DumpDeVos
South Africa is working with @SAFECampusesLLC to move safety, including on sexual violence, forward not backwards.
#RethinkDeVos
I thought you only cared about students who can get out of public schools?  Oh right, this isn't a public school.
#RethinkDeVos

Resign
We the American people accept your resignation Bryan.
Sounds like you're pretty good at throwing around jargon to make it seem like you're actually saying something. Bravo.
