
You constantly amaze me.  We are truly blessed to have you as our Secretary of Education and @realDonaldTrump as our President.  You are making America's education great again.  May all of your righteous efforts continue to be blessed.  Best wishes! #MAGA
Shut up, bot.
Oh no.  Whatever will I do?  A snowflake beasty girl called me a bot.  OMGosh.  Where are my crayons and my little teddy bear?
You bots are programmed with very similar responses to being called out.
http://campconstitution.net/sam-blumenfeld-archive/ …. Sam was a pioneer in the homeschool movement
Good luck, man. She’s a cartoon witch bent on killing education.
How abt starring with step 1~ Electicity. Then build a school. Those poor people having to depend on this group.
Was it take a monster to work day?
She's the last person you should ask
Donate to orgs who will actually provide #PuertoRicoRelief, because Betsy sure as heck won't. Some suggestions here:

Wait. Does she know that PR is an island....in the middle of the ocean? Maybe she should mandate to add that to the curriculum.
Why does a parent have to pay 11K out of their pocket for their child's special needs, just because they go to private school. Terrible!
Rebuilding should be ending @ this time and you still taking about plans...!!??
I thought she was stepping down! The incompetence continues
@BetsyDeVosED & @ricardorossello why are y'all preventing/obstructing the children of PR to return to school? Your #inhumanity is showing!


We thought defying the law was her mandate from Trump http://ow.ly/Zc0q30gO6Yn 
dat office
Can't have classes when many are still with out power. Get it together republicans.

Betsy DeVos needs to #ResignNow
#PRStrong #DeVosWeak
Qué está pasando en Puerto Rico ?

You people are a travesty to the education system.  I bet you support this guy's behaviour! 
“Don’t smile at me-man-OK? That’s how people like you get shot” the white physics teacher said to black high schooler. “I got a bet-I bet by the time you’re 21-somebody’s gonna put a bullet right through your head-And it might be me-the one that does it”
…
She is going to do about as much as Trump has done to help the island. Don’t get your hopes up.
Less. I don’t see her throwing out rolls of paper towels.
What can Betsy daWorst possibly do for PR?
DeVos needs to RESIGN! She bought her seat through donations to Trump's campaign and is wholly unqualified to lead the DOE!
#teachersvsgrizzlies
She has no idea about school. Ask someone else
Make no mistake, @BetsyDeVosED cares not one iota about students, education or Puerto Rico.  She is NOTHING but a fraud.  Please ignore her completely.
Thank you Secretary Devos for your devotion to improving our educational system
Betsy you are not qualified!
James a sad reason your appearance on Twitter, just go back to your parents basement
Why sir?  She has ZERO experience.  Not good.
Haven't they suffered enough, Betsy?
Resign @BetsyDeVosED
Don’t be confused, she’s there to attempt to identify the business opportunity
