Please explain how school choice will better serve students with disabilities, especially those with IEP’s who require one-on-one support staff.
Ummmm..... You can choose a school that works for you?
Private schools for autism like the one Sec. DeVos visited here in CO cost $60-70k/year. Vouchers offer at best $7k. 
Please stop using false promises for special needs to push your agenda.
You can write that off on taxes, too.
You have to have $70k or more in income to write it off. 
Vouchers don’t help people afford schools they couldn’t already afford. 
I understand you want a tax break for the wealthy, but please don’t sell it as helping special needs kiddos. Own your greed and apathy.
Ahhhh.... Here comes the name calling.  Excellent
Out of arguments already?
Once you've dipped into the name calling and the evil rich arguments, there's really no point.
Apparently, the unqualified lady who bought her way into her job is excited to host the #DestroySchool summit. You are undermining the strength of our country for generations to come, Betsy. #ResignNow
Ur a sad n disrespectful person who is  most probably all about the power base of the teachers union n not the success of our kids!!!
No- we are strong supporters of public education and keeping this unqualified zealot from injecting her #christofascism into our school system.
That’s the problem. U want indoctrination of kids for “ social justice” n federalize our school systems which one size fits all which dumb downs to lowest denominator. She wants excellence in education so kids learn at their different abilities n parents r responsible for values
Trad ed already dumbed down kids with "one size fits all" classrooms & textbooks. Famous intelligent people succeeded with shared knowledge, like language, but now is lowest denominator? Ed reform wants independent thinking that is treated as indoctrination.
Betsy Devos is grossly unqualified and a zealot.  Her charter schools failed in Michigan and she will fail on a national level.  No- public school did not fail in states where they didn't create de facto segregation (private schools opened after desegregation in the South).  They
didn't fail in blue states like MA and NJ, where they are funded properly and have competent people on the school board (unlike the Deep South).  New York has public schools that are more competitive than some of the most exclusive prep schools in New England.  #FactsMatter
ALL school systems in the Deep South are ranked at the bottom (South Carolina is dead last).  So, YES.....we need federal oversight because we know that poor kids and minorities are essentially warehoused and those with means go to private or "Christian" academies.
Will there be any teachers from rural districts there? How many teachers from Title I schools? Or, will this be a glorified photo op for a collection of white, evangelical fascist administrators from private Christian schools that cater to snowflake kids from the 1%?
The latter.
You bought your position by paying $200 million to republican senators. You didn't earn this position. You've never spent a day in a classroom in your life, save for your costly photo ops. Resign. You're harming students.
Fact check: FYI, she was a volunteer mentor in a public school prior to this position so she has spent time in a classroom.

I don't care if you disagree with her. I'm a big fan of free speech. I just wanted to clarify that fact for those who don't know.
Oh Jesus! I had volunteers in my classroom for years. I had aids as well. None of them understand teaching methods, creating lesson plans, classroom management, and sure as hell, they don’t understand curriculum.
Exactly. Volunteers, especially those like @BetsyDeVosED who do so only for the cameras, have zero grasp of what teaching entails. It's not viable education experience, as any educator knows.
Really Betsy?  You no NOTHING about public education. Want to do something..Get rid off STAAR testing and standardized testing.
Still looking for a return in your investments? You paid off half the republicans to get this job.
I’ll watch if you’re resigning during the live! You’ve done enough damage! A qualified candidate is going to have their hands full undoing all of the messes this unqualified sanctimonious hack has created! Go buy a different position @BetsyDeVos #rethinkeducation #TheResistance
Going on one year trying to show you a real solution, https://studentrunbusiness.com  hope you can see it soon, every day that passes without implementing this in local communities is another day we continue to loose...
End Common Core
Because you don’t want rigor and deep conceptual understanding in math classes?
This admin doesn’t want rigor and a deep conceptual understanding of anything.
how about doing something about the crushing debt students face?
I’m excited to know that someday you’ll be gone.
You’re so full of it that you’re starting to leak.
Just Go Away.... Please!
I’d watch that.
#Unethical #ErikPrince
A company that once had financial ties to Education Secretary Betsy DeVos was one of two firms selected Thursday by the Education Department to help the agency collect overdue student loans. The deal could be worth hundreds of millions of dollars. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/grade-point/wp/2018/01/11/education-dept-awards-debt-collection-contract-to-company-with-ties-to-devos/?hpid=hp_rhp-more-top-stories_debt-devos-430pm%3Ahomepage%2Fstory&utm_term=.8fde9ab248ff …

#Resign  #Christofascist
Maybe we’d believe in your interest in making education better for everyone if you were found with a self inflicted gun shot wound on a bridge in Kentucky
Keep your vouchers and your religion. You are not the right person for the job. Please resign.
The @NAACP backs up its call for a moratorium on charter schools with something often missing in today's political environment - #facts.
Ohh innovation.... let’s get lasers to keep the grizzles away in place of the shotguns!  You’re type of innovation?
Thank u for ur service n putting up with nasty teachers union. Mrs DeVos I appreciate ur unselfish giving of ur time n effort!!!  God Bless u!!!
Not today, Satan.
Wish we could fire her or vote her out before she screws the education dept. this woman is a human cockroach. She is not qualified to bag groceries, so how can she teach the children?
I would like to interview you regarding the current state of education in America
Where are the tax dollars going? Students need to be learning history and science. They don't need the latest computer upgrades. Actually give teachers control of their classroom and stop punishing the teachers for misbehaving students. Parens need to take responsibility.
Stop the Liberal Arts Curriculum Indoctrination of the liberal social agenda we would end most all the hatred, disrespect & immorality & destructive lifestyles in our culture. Keep pouring poison into innocent victims, you kill the innocent moral human spirit of Almighty God!
If All the educated would Stop, Think & Realize; It is More about the Heart of man First, then All other things would be in harmony;Love, respect, character, morality, Charater, honor, dignity & integrity.The Spirit man Needs spiritual food for his spirit to be at Peace
I have asked this question before.  You have yet to answer.  What are you doing about school loans and the predatory practice coming from the Dept. of Ed.  How about an answer!!
#RethinkDeVos please!
Your family is only interested it closing the public school system. So the idea of public education is gone forever. Going to schooling for profit is that right?
@BetsyDeVosED I think you're doing a great job.
Another Union Public School Teacher here begging to differ with you and begging for you to resign. #unfit #unqualified #inappropriate
You won't rest until colleges close and only the 1% can get higher education. Wrll good luck because you're old and younger and smarter people will change all that you ruin. Enjoy the destruction...your time is very sgirt.
@BetsyDeVosED you want to create a "voucher system" to funnel much-needed money from public schools and hijack kids' futures then you and your ilk complain when poor people can't "take care of themselves". You're a disgrace to anyone who ever taught #TheResistance #resist
Please don't screw up our school systems.  I know there is work to be done but it's really about creating better public schools.  Not you silly ideas about charter schools.
ooooooo "innovation"!!! so, Bets, ya figured out how to handicap the advancement of women and kids of color??? that's just awesome!!!! you go girl....key to lower the competition for "superior" white male kids, right? fantastic!!!
Let's rethink our secretary of education.
How about including a verbal examination to the grade? It seams that a lot of students learn how to navigate through the testing process, but are not so good at practice, because their knowledge is limited.
You are a disgrace to the educational system #ResignNow
Public education in the US has been a great democratizing force. It has created upward mobility, a better economy, and a better nation overall. Can it improve? Of course, you are aiming to destroy it. Shame on you and those who would join you in the attempt.
You are plotting to screw over my special needs child, and I will hold you responsible!
Resign! You have no business holding this important position!
Rethink what you're doing please to education in general !
To the right and Big Tech
 "Innovation" means more kids looking at more screens supervised by fewer poorly paid teachers. Meanwhile study after study says books better than screens.
Do America a favor and resign before you irrevocably damage the education system
School does not need "rethinking" it needs money.
we need HeadStart teachers to receive real pay, AND BE PAID OVERTIME!
You are a joke and everyone hates you.
What we really need to do is rethink YOU.
You are destroying our school system—step down, please, do us all a favor before it’s too late
Start looking for a new job. You suck at this one.
why are you just making stuff up? do you just want mire evolution denying colleges?
@EDPressSec @usedgov As long as Innovation doesn't mean a Takeover of education by high-tech Billionaires.
You only look for innovative ways to line your pocket. You're a disgrace to every hard-working student and educator out there. Go back to your pyramid schemes and leave education to people who actually know about education.
The left- always keeping it classy, trying to contribute useful ideas. Lol
The educrats will fight you tooth & nail on this.  They think fads are innovation, despite hideous results.  As long as they get paid.
Hideous results? Check out DeVos track record in Michigan. #DumpDeVos #Unqualified #Resign
You are destroying public education to line your pockets and spread fairy tales. You are the worst public servant in history.
You know nothing about education!  What you call "innovation" is really your effort to privatize education, funneling government money to corporations.
By innovation I assume you mean allowing for-profit schools to scam naive prospective students.
Gosh they might fool them into learning how to read
#Resign
Hate to be a naysayer but you need to start on Lower education before you work on higher education you've got kids going 3 or 4 years straight D's and F's just going through your system and even when they ask to be held back it's not allowed. You can't go higher you have no base
Cutting taxes for the wealthy on the back of education funding and eliminating tax credits for student loans is really innovative.
Yet, your comrades want to tax tuition waivers. Spare us the “we love innovation” spiel. There is no quality innovation without grads.
Eat shit
