And hurt the one's who do not have the ability to take on the extra expense that comes with choice. Why not fund the public system fully?
Choices and competition for $ will make prices go down Sir. The key is getting govt out of the equation. Govt promotes complacency...
No it won't. Hasn't worked in healthcare or telecommunications. Prices keep going up. Plus, students are not a commodity.
This is your answer? Which part of healthcare has competition teacher?
Plus, no need to get snippy sir. We can have a dialogue without getting snippy.
The areas you mention are less expensive and have superior results as long as insurance is left out. It's the same for schools. When
Telecommunications are not cheaper. Prices have kept jumping up while quality really has not kept pace.
We are buying way more now than a telephone. We can't even compare them to 5 yrs ago. They are also very regulated.
So, this means you cannot really figure out "Public Education" right? You can admit it, we already know...
Public education is totally figured out... It's a jobs program for administrators, teachers, coaches, bus drivers, grounds keepers, etc
I try to hire the kids coming out of public schools... pretty obvious what's going on there!
Or, your bias against them was.
You got me... it's my fault. Good evening
Do you believe there are no capable public school grads? That's ridiculous
Sure there are... 4 out of 5 kids in my state graduate from HS. Half of those go to higher education. 40% graduate there.
Choice creates "good" vs. "bad" schools. Why can't all schools be great? What are you doing to improve ALL schools?
Bad schools would go out of business if the kids and parents controlled their education dollars. There would only be good schools...
For profit schools: DeVry, Medvance, ITT Tech. Cream of the crop.
That was sarcasm, Charlie.
Ppl leave those schools with excellent careers. Price is low and quality high.
Not many ppl graduated from those schools standing in unemployment lines. Same can't be said of public schools w/poly-sci degrees...
Has anyone ever told you that you are delusional? You should listen to them
I have people who can help you with your hair and makeup. #flotus45
When was the last time you actually set foot in a public school?
We would appreciate more statements on improvements to public, non-charter schools. Most rural areas don't have capacity for private track.
If kids and parents controlled their kids education $, new private schools would pop up everywhere.
Markets don't work when the population counts are low, infrastructure weak, indirect incentives rare for consumers and staff alike
You've never taken Econ 101?
Even the Law of Supply and Demand does not apply because the human element is the product, not something like auromobiles.
Except we refuse your loans, and allow rape..right?
You are s louse
Shame on you. How does it feel to be part of the most hated administration in recent history?
NO charter schools where I live n IL private schools r faith based. Illinois is more than Chi. Ur plan hurts MY kids and 1000s of others.
Your endorsement cements this as an #epicfail
Please get all inappropriate reading materials for elementary school age out of our schools.  My child doesn't need to know about sex at 10.
Your child knows about sex booboo. Also, without Title IX there is no mandated reporting system for sexual assault at college. #ditchdevos
2 separate issues my dear, although title IX covers k12 too
Unlike your parents, we run the household not our kids.
Not everyone NEEDS to be gay, transgender, Bisexual.  There are those who choose a straight life.  Tough if you disagree. Typical #Libtard.  Rules won't stop rape, but it will stop the many false accusations
You look so classy rn arguing the pro-rape, sexual orientation is a choice, no respect for ppl with disabilities, hating on my parents pov.
Ur life experience doesn’t mean others have the same life experience. Children aren’t exposed to things liberals seem to promote. The majority of families R allowing child a child hood. Ur really out of place the way you’ve disrespected the mother. You need to look in the mirror
Please explain why you hate rape victims what's the real story betsy
We should put more money into education than the prison complex, but an educated population is harder to capitalize on, want their fairshare
Your efforts to kill public education, where your ideology is not pushed.  I know what you tried to do in Michigan.  Scandalous.
Exactly! Americans deserve CHOICE in every aspect of their life. More government more problems. More freedom, more opportunity.


You are a nightmare! Public schools need to stay public. They need more funding.
I've heard it's a failure that just lines your pocket book. You k ow nothing about education. Charlton!
Are you just completely delusional? Resign, Bets! You are so out of touch with reality and REAL AMERICANS!!!
Hey Betsy, go suck an egg
In your dreams. Not in reality.
Why are you destroying our public education system?
According to our founding fathers an educated public is needed for a democracy to work.  Limit the educated and democracy will fail.
You have a bad track record. You're not interested in serving all students
But it won't. You are lying. At some point you are going to have to answer to these kids you let down, and I'm preparing them for it.
They couldn't think of who else they could hurt. Then someone said-- what about rape victims?  And  Betsey said PERFECT!
Betsy, you need to start by getting the crazy libs teachers out of our schools!

Dear @BetsyDeVosED,Please view and reply to: http://www.stringquest.com/betsy-devos-vision-proposal … Emailed @usedgov 
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse please assist - thanks! 
You mean like the closed charter schools in your home state?  #failedschools
Rescinding Title IX proves how incompetent and unqualified you are. Resign!
Where is the evidence supporting your claim that "choice" will work?
Why not properly fund public schools? I also want the Department of Ed to be on the side of teachers and their unions. You nee to resign.
You are a disgrace to your so called faith, to humanity, to your sex, your daughters, every man who does the right thing by respecting women
Just what we need in office a soulless cow!
Not until you remove common core as promised.
You're just lining your greedy pockets lady. News Flash :Your money certainly didn't buy you intelligence!
Your jihadist push to destroy the public ed sysyem must stop; your religious views have no place in the federal govt
or you could fix the schools and help all of them succeed.
I've never heard one good word from the parents of these schools. Are you making $$ of this deal? @BruceRauner   Disgusting!

DeVos, the antithesis to education, is taking away #TitleIX protections.
Next up, no Ed for women bc it'll make campuses safer.
 #StopBetsy 
Fuck Betsy   Having donny grab her pussy is too much to handle - now reverses President Obama sexual assault - no one wants to screw her!
Expanding choices is excuse to cut funding except where you may profit.
Uh huh. Funding or cut funding? Do you have a grasp on IDEA yet. Fortunately my son graduated before you put your mitts on education.
I despise the ground you walk on.
Just like your failed attempts in Michigan. When will you learn education is not a revenue stream. Forgot you support Trump University
*unless they're rape victims.
I'm sure the Pres loves this because he has a history of sexually abusing women. Disgusting!!!
Shame on you for making it easier for men to sexually assault women. You've obviously forgotten about women's rights!
Or else there's no incentive for them to change their behavior. Obviously, you've never been sexually assaulted or you'd feel differently!
Are you serious about changing President Obama's campus sexual assault policy? OMG, it needs to be strict and punishing for the perp
Stop Lying @BetsyDeVosED #StopBetsy #StopBetsy #StopBetsy #StopBetsy #StopBetsy #StopBetsy #StopBetsy #StopBetsy #StopBetsy #StopBetsy
Focusing on individual students--except women, right? @BetsyDeVos, raped women may never succeed thanks to your defense of campus rapists.

End the madness!!!! These are our children your screwing up! https://twitter.com/stacylstiles/status/905509266731216896 …
Your lies are not accepted by the American people.  What you do will destroy American education, and we know that.
@usedgov Nationwide meals for students enrolled in grades K-12 to become free.
Some might succeed, but your uninformed and idiotic plan will far more struggling, both financially and academically
Choice also means offering "market-based 'products' larded with private profit and deceptive marketing." (Jake Jacobs)
Jake Jacobs: "Choice" is code = government functions farmed out to favored corporations for private profit.
Hi Betsy! That's doubtful. You've proven to care only about money and harming our nation's children. Excited about your inevitable downfall!
Yeah right! Choices already existed and redirecting public school funds gives $discounts to those who need it least! #ditchdevos
don't listen to this woman! "SCHOOL CHOICE" SUCKS! She wants to indoctrinate kids! The Bible is for church!
#Why hire A Wayne Johnson known as Payday student loan lender w/high % rates! Students don't need to be screwed anymore. Fox in Hen House!
It will help them as long as they don't have an IEP in place.
Where do the families get the money? Not everyone is rich like you.
You're ruining the United States.  Nothing you stand for is going to produce good results, you'll see.   #NOTNORMAL #ugly #cruel
Your boss.
@BetsyDeVos schools cannot be run like businesses. Children are not products.
School choice is a scam and you are a con artist. Fight for public schools.
School Choice is ONLY choice of location NOT EDUCATIONAL CHOICE #REPEALESSA #ENDFEDUCATION @POTUS #KEEPYOURPROMISE #STOPTHELIE

Inner city Chicago mom's ought to thank you for giving their children opportunity.
She isn't. I'm from Chi and can tell you firsthand, the inner city kids are the ones getting screwed. DeVos isn't helping them.
She pushing charter schools etc, to give people a choice other than public education. Is there anything like that in the works there?
You STILL have to pay partial tuition for the private schools on the boucher programs. Low income inner city parents can't afford any.......
....of the tuition for these schools even with the vouchers. DeVos takes funding from public schools and funnels to the private schools.....
Essentially taking funding away from the ONLY schools these people can afford, which are the free public ones. Further, the private.....
....schools don't have to adhere to state and federal educational standards.  i.e. They can teach bs like creationism and stuff like that.
Looks what she did to Michigan, BEFORE she was in Trumps administration. She's a bigoted hack.
your propaganda slogans do not disguise your intent of destroying public education so you make more billions off govt teat..
Please step down. Before you destroy our schools.
Like you helped Michigan, Indiana and Arizona? No accountability, charter schools closing, bankruptcy abound... kids with no rights.
& destroys public schools.
LETS BRING BACK CIVICS COURSES!
I keep trying to offer bold new ideas to Dept of Ed. Can't penetrate your wall.
Except, it won't because a deeper strategic approach to community change is necessary #research
And the rich get richer and the poor get poorer.  Too bad you didn't learn common sense at your private school.
That's awesome maybe you'll even be able to buy yourself a degree in education

Keep @POTUS Promise & #KillCC #RepealESSA #StopSEL #StopDataMINING #NoFedLedEd Protect r kids #Privacy They r not 4 Profit of billionaires!
ugh, this still?
Thank you. The same old crap is not helping our children.We need to fire the dead wood teachers so our children get quality edu.
HElp up stop common core
You are planning to line the wallets of private schools
Please resign. Focus on your dark money group AFC, you're not qualified to represent us.
No helping fund schools in my home state will help Illinois children. Taking money from away from public schools will hurt all Illinois kids
Public school teachers feel they are being demonized. I challenge betseydevosed to change that!
Your not helping my kid or any kids with special needs. Private schools do not accept special needs children.
You are an A1 whackjob! The field of education wants you nowhere near our children or families.! You need to resign along w/ a few others...
Public schools focus on the individual children!
You're a national embarrassment and 100% unqualified to head the Dept. of Education.
Say what you mean...this is a back door to reestablishing segregation #supportpublicschools
Every word out of yr mouth is a lie. #resign #BuyAJobBetsy #PublicschoolProud
The argument that minorities don't have access to quality education/ the system is failing...
Nope
What about the hundreds of thousands of Illinois students choosing public schools?
#ignorethemasses
@davetg @laflynt @VickiRodrigue11
You mean take money away from the public schools and abandon the children who can't afford to pay to go to school.
Can you cite the research to support your claim? (Pssst....this is where you ask someone what I'm taking about.)
"Way to go" Secretary DeVos.  So many children will benefit under your leadership.  Ohio Coalition for Quality Education is proud!!!!
Disgusting. "Quality education" doesn't come from defunding public schools. #ditchdevos #buyajobbetsy #resign
Where's your evidence that choice makes a difference for ALL kids? That's what I thought. None.
Good work Betsy.  Expanding choice into non-governmental school systems will allow parents to choose what their children are taught.
No. It allows wealthy people to get discounts on private schools while low income parents STILL can't afford private, even with the vouchers
you just allowed students to have their $$ stolen by getting degrees from fraudulent schools, you are as crooked as your boss

Please just shut up Betsy. You are clueless, and have no legitimacy in your position. U CAN PAY OFF SENATORS BUT NOT US!
You're kidding about hiring Julian Schmoke right??????
No it takes money from the system & gives to for profit entities who will use it to enrich themselves at the expense of students!
How are you choosing which individual students to focus money on? Sounds #shady
You aren't "expanding choices". That is your way of positively spinning your destruction of the Education System. We're not falling for it!
@BetsyDeVosED 
If you truly cared about this nation's children, you would recognize that you are not qualified for your position and you would resign.
Your ignorance is embarrassing @andrewbrenner and @BetsyDeVosED

Betsy DeVos. Keep up the great work!!
MAGA!!
And, one more time, would that success be measured in proficiency or growth?
You mean like it helped Michigan kids? Not!
Nothing @BetsyDeVosED does will ever help kids in school #noclue
In reality this is an effort to steal ta money to indoctrinate kids into religion to build their numbers ... it's disgraceful and disgusting
I wish she would resign ... she is a domestic threat
Fund the public schools appropriately!! NO TAX DOLLARS FOR PRIVATE SCHOOLS!!
Not after the state gets a hold of the money!!
You are one of the worst humans ever!! Taking education from kids so you're can make a profit. Just disgusting! #kidsnotprofits
And the rich get richer while the poor get...nothing. Thanks betsy, for helping promote elitism at an earlier age.
Didn't work in Detroit, but keep pushing your garbage truck! #Duh
I would like to see more in "real life skills" training - votech - for high schoolers. College isn't for everyone.
Fully funding public education is less expensive, serves more students, and leaves for-profit vultures like DeVos out of the equation.
Phila School District $2.6 billion per year to run..no books or toilet paper.
Constant stealing by politicians there.
thank you for your standing up for family's for choices . and for your service. god-bless you.
"families" 
Choice without funding is meaningless.

If I want a quality meal, it doesn't matter how many choices that I have if I only have $3 to spend.
Doing a wonderful job!!! Thank you for all you do.
By gutting public school ed for ALL families w funding 4 private & religious schools we will make SURE public education is further weakened
How did that work out in Michigan?
You're an unqualified bigot who bought she position with political donations. Shame on you!
It seems that you know nothing about her.
You have no idea what you're talking about. Vouchers are HARMFUL to student outcomes.
"Individual students" = rich, white, Christian
Once again, "choices" = screw the already disadvantaged.
Like in your state??  Resign
you are totally avoiding the real issue.. HOW TO GET FAILING PUBLIC SCHOOLS BACK ON TRACK TO BEING SUCCESSFUL
Says the woman who LITERALLY put the fox smack dab in charge of the hen house. SHAME ON YOU!!!!
Yes!!
You fool!!!  Show me where charter schools are successful academically.
You really are a wicked, wicked woman, you know that right?
Expand choices without cutting funding to public schools then.
I work in a public school in Illinois & I dare you to find something better!  Stop tearing us down.
By giving tax payer money to uncertified schools with no regulation, you are failing the children of Illinois.
When will this take affect, and when are you going to kill Common Core?
She won't say that. Too many big words!
"Voucher" is a fancy word for "coupon" ...
So there for educate the wealthy and only what they want will happen.
Whats the point?-U got yor job by donating to prez campaign-U didnt ern what U have-what kind of xampl R u?-what R students lerning from U?
liar and a jerk
Except every single program you have ever introduced prior to buying your current position...have failed. Miserably failed.
Another #Voucher scheme. Only those who can already afford private school benefit. Useless in rural areas. Robs public schools of funds
Hey Bets - long time, no tweet - just wanted to say you still suck at your job! Have a great weekend (& maybe quit, huh?)...
This from the #swampwater that bought her seat. Never been in a classroom. You've earned nothing.
Please get the money to go with the children in Florida and Wisconsin.
supporting the best teachers in order to retain them...those are all ways to positively impact the most possible kids. 7/end
the price. The best way to support the most students is to support public schools. Proper funding, access to supplies, and 6/
the public schools that need the most support see their funds dwindle as students move around. Those left behind pay 5/
Struggling parents don't get enough money from vouchers to be able to afford many high tuition schools. Additionally, 4/
Wealthy families who can afford private school just get a break on something they were already willing/able to pay for.  3/
about the reality of "school choice." The highest performing schools have few slots open in the first place. Those go fast. 2/
Please resign.  You are hugely unqualified.
Choice is a myth. Learn about it! Read research!
we already had choice the choice being pitched is just location and pushing control Agenda 2030 P-20
FALSE FALSE FALSE. Measures like this only give the ILLUSION of benefits to a SELECT group of kids. Nobody wants to talk 1/
