Ooh here’s an idea — get a Secretary if Education who maybe knows something about education. @BetsyDeVosED only qualification is GOP $$$.
You have invited evil into your school.  You should be ashamed.

Call for @BetsyDeVosED RESIGNATION.
One thing they do is try to keep religion and god out of school.
Thank you for SHOWING her what great work that many, many public schools in this country do! So proud to have worked with you. @McMSchools rock!
Betsy doesn't like public schools. She wants to make@money off students and shove religion down their throats.


Glad to see another liberal leftist teacher making a great example for private education!
Great to see a conservitard make a idiotic statement.
10yr old,top of class granddaughter told me yesterday she does not like Math this yr.Likes division, but now learning it a dif. way. ?’s why
I do place blame on the school boards and the elected members. Many schools took the NCLB bait.
They pledge to the higher ups. Majority are definitely not there for the children’s educations. They are the gateway for deep propaganda. 
Quit pushing vouchers. I DO NOT WANT MY TAXPAYER MONEY FUNDING RELIGIOUS INDOCTRINATION!
@BetsyDeVosED telling the teachers she only cares about $? Or how to sell crappy Amway products from home in their spare time?
EASY: PRAYER, GOLDEN RULE, TEN COMMANDMENTS!  RESPECT EACH OTHER! GODSPEED!
Guess what...she doesn’t care. She just wants millionaires and billionaires to have more money.

Betsy Devos is calculating how much money she can make off school children
Shut down in Colorado! Yay!

GOP sneaks provision into tax bill to benefit one college favored by Republican billionaires http://bit.ly/2zUYqKF  
PLS ask schools to teach REAL American/World History ILO Social Justice/White Priv = Restore PRIDE in ALL Americans vs Hatred, Envy & SHAME!
Too bad Betsy Dimwit has no such story to share. Such a blight on education. Disgusting!
Inappropriate for a scumbag who has spent her life trying to destroy US education to dress up as character representing the joy of learning.
Not like you would understand what they do.
I'd like to hear what her qualifications are.
Betsy DeVoss doesn't give two @#£&* about education!!  It's only for the 1%!!  The rest of us can work out butts off at low wage jobs.
Never come back to Oregon. We don't want you here.
https://www.salon.com/2017/11/06/officials-expect-devos-to-resign-from-trump-administration_partner/ … GO AWAY @BetsyDeVos #Resist

public schools could mean big money in pockets of those who would love love love to privatize. kids = big greedy fistfuls for coporations
List of Guidance Documents Rescinded?  America teaches all kids!
In charter schools, right? No need to help regular schools.
You must investigate South Carolina school system, COMMON CORE with different name. Please rescue it, parents had no input! Political money!
I hope nobody has special needs. My sister did. @realDonaldTrump stinks
Urgent! Launch Heart Therapy;Healing our Culture of hate w/the Heart of God. Inspire Love,Hope,Dreams & Faith to Believe, Today in Public Ed
They do what you won't. #YouTotalFailure
They try to overcome the garbage that you shell out. You destroyed protections and rights for our students they could only do so much to protect their students from you! Please resign!
Yeah, but she's not actually hearing them
You, like Trump, do not listen. You are going to destroy public education and ruin chances for a better life for multiple generations.
Here is a victory for teachers and students
And they learn what you are going to do to SCREW them over
To screw our children over. Which is most unacceptable of all!
Universities refuse to reform policies on sexual assault. There is hope. Hold on to it. Keep fighting.
Teach them how to make a living w/out college . basic trades. So When a student graduates they will able 2support themselves thatsthegoal
First time a public not-for-profit school has surfaced on DeVos's twitter blog. Usually she guts public education.
I wish I could have been part of this.
She doesn't care. She has her own self-serving, evil agenda.
You don't let Texas teachers teach to their ability. You MAKE them teach to the STARR test. Our kids are being robbed of an education.
#FlunkDeVos
Please tell the truth and don’t kiss up to her
Don't involve her. Only way to make the schools shine.

#DumpDeVos
There needs to be an equal ratio among the teachers. It cannot be a majority of tDemocrats teaching our children!
So you're advocating a mandate that the workforce & hiring should more closely reflect society norms and percentages? Interesting concept...
The concept should be teaching facts without any bias. My best teachers never let on what their politics were; education not indoctrination.
