Harpy is gonna harp. Betsy DeVil needs to go back to hell where she belongs.
Because the dept of Ed was doing such a good job before? 4th graders in the US cannot read!!!!
Also, that's the parents fault if their kids can't read. They should be involved with their kids homework.
EXACTLY!  Teachers can only do so much. They need to be working with kids at home. You can see the difference in kids w/ involved parents.
So they can be critical thinkers and understand diff between Bill Clinton raping women and Trump talking about women letting him grab them.
@CaseyParksIt Can you tell us how you'd break that down to 4th graders? I mean, I'd love to know how you'd start that conversation off.
typical trumpet, Jane. Can't argue a point without bringing up the Clintons or Obama
Great speech on sexual misconduct, Bets. Hey, remember when your boss gave away his rape strategy on hot mic "Grab 'em by the pussy!" ?
You seem deranged. Bill Clinton is the rapist.

Those type of women let rich men do what they want. That isn't rape and Trump was talking. No issue. Bill Clinton raped women!!!!
Reasonable person: "Hey, look what Trump did/said/tweeted/covfefed."
: "But...but... but CLINTON!!!"
@senrobportman tell me again why you think Ms. DeVos is thee absolute best person to lead the Dept. of Education.
@senrobportman was given more than my yearly salary as a teacher by Betsy to buy his vote
@SenToomey was given more than my yearly salary as a teacher as well to buy his vote....Thinks she's wonderful. He's just as evil as she is.
As an engineering student we c u edu students with ur coloring books lol.
This is why the role educators play has diminished in eyes of society. Teachers who mold the minds of the future, once revered, now despised
Another rape-apologist speech?  Nah, disgusting, no thanks.
So then we can just say you are guilty and end your right to due process, Morty?
"I literally do not understand the difference between Title IX compliance/investigations and the criminal justice system."  #FTFY
So you agree that standards of justice are on a case by case basis. There is no system of law to follow?
Title IX and related regulations, none of which call for revictimization of sexual assault victims because of MRA fee-fees.
Nobody wanted you. You got the position thanks to rich friends, & you'll go down w/Trump-the-chump's corrupt ship. Can you feel it sinking?
This is only to protect trump's interest in vagina grabbing while visiting college campuses
Are you kidding me? Do you not realize how helpful Title IX is to students of all genders, ethnicities,etc.????
By the way, they still have local police departments to investigate such horrible crimes. So I believe we will be ok.
It's the principle, the guarantee for all genders, ethnicities, etc. to have equal opportunities in education. By taking that away she is...
...systematically saying that minorities do not matter to her DOE. That is what is wrong here.
I doubt just because you get rid of this one policy. Also, you realize that state DOE's can implement these policies right?
I see your point, but it is the statement that's worrying. All this does is show how the Trump administration doesn't care about minorities.
Not necessarily, he's limiting the authority of the federal DOE, in order to give it to the state DOE, which would be more better.
Makes sense since your boss is an admitted sexual predator.
Thank you for considering all students, if there's a crime committed, go to the police like everyone else, not the school admin. Due process
Restoring due process rights for men (a group demonised from all sides) reflects strong leadership. BIGLY.
Restoring due process rights for men (a group attacked from all sides) reflects strong leadership BIGLY.

Thank you @BetsyDeVosED https://twitter.com/kaas_media/status/907405077802913793 …
Btw I was privileged to meet Steve VanAndel a few years ago. Couldn't get to meet any from the DeVos family though. Hope that changes. 
Thank you Secretary DeVos it was a pleasure meeting with you.
Nope
How do continue when you have no heart? You're bad for education; in your purchased position. Your ideas are a step backwards. Every time.
@BetsyDeVosED is pure evil. Shame on you all. She wouldn't last a day working a real job.
You say the system has failed. How? Or is it just because Joe Biden wrote it? Why are you protecting trust fund rapists?
My god, she is evil.

Dear @BetsyDeVosED,Please view and reply to: http://www.stringquest.com/betsy-devos-vision-proposal … Emailed @usedgov 
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse please assist - thanks! 

Of all the myriad ways #DonTheCon is harming our country & its institutions, yr appt has to be right at the top. #BetsyProtectsCampusRapists
UNQUALIFIED
You , Betsy, are good for nothing!
Grow up
Uh, you're waist high. Typical brainless Trump supporter.
The EVIL SECCUBUS IS SCREWING WOMEN WHO R RAPED! So excited 2 have the most unqualified lecherous piece of trash runnin EDU! F-u! #putinpawn
@DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @FLOTUS @POTUS #MAGA #IvankaTrump #JaredKushner #DACA #PrincessRoyal #DeportMelania #DefendDACA
I'm confused as to why you bought this job. You don't seem to have any interest in protecting students and making their lives better.
Influence so her family can make more $$$$$$. Please karma! Get her!
Wow, do you have any life experience, compassion or self respect?
Her CURRENT REALITY is not ours!!
She speaks of Lady Liberty..what a joke.  Now delays & cuts!! What the hell are you folks letting her do?
#DoYourJob
U took another step 2 gut protections 4 student loan borrowers. DOE ended partnership with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. SHAME!
I'm sure your boss loves this! Now college men across the country can "Grab them by the PUSSY!" #StopBetsy
Thanks for making rape apart of the "College Experience."
You have now enforced the "blame the victim" environment!
Just wondering if you know what an I.E.P. is yet?
There is nothing more mind blowing than witnessing a woman legitimize rape! That'd be you! #StopBetsy
Restoring #dueprocess =/= legitimizing rape.
You're just a bad person and no one cares what you have to say
No thank you #Resistance #resist
#Resistance #Resist Betsy Devoids private schools scored low in math and reading..but were probably well schooled in Religious rhetoric
I tune in for intelligent speakers who aim to improve the educational experience, support Arts In Ed, & support rape victims, not idiots
Looks like you were handed your behind today! Now get busy and start working to help our public schools! We resisted!
Rule #1 of running a Government - You don't defend Nazis.
Rule #2 of running a Government - You don't defend Rapists.
How hard is that?
Thank you @BetsyDeVosED.  There hasn't been common sense at the dept of education in 8 years.
US dept of education, your account seems to have been hijacked by psychopaths.
It's sad that she must devote her time to student safety. It's the best way to learn, whether public or private, that should concern her.
No vouchers unless accept ALL and as full payment; otherwise, just a stipend for millionaires' $50,000 a year schools, @realDonaldTrump
Please keep America true, get rid of title IX
Under title IX my child was denied due process. People are quick to judge unless they have gone thru it. It's un- American and terrifying.
DACA=dysfunctional immigration law =double standards/encourage illegal actsNOT fair for people waiting in line to become legal immigrants
You have yet to say anything significant, or, do anything of any importance. But, hey, you go girl. 
Soooo, if everyone is stupid then no one is stupid! If everyone is committing financial crimes then there is no such thing as fin crimes!
You should be a shamed of yourself. You are destroying our public education system.
So glad the senate listened to educators, parents and students regarding public education and the Devos push for vouchers. Keep speaking out

Who will protect our precious young people from betsey devos?? Tragic!
You must be blowing somebody to keep this position because you are so unqualified to do the job
@potus wants to bring @ericbolling on board, now that you've made it safe for him to text coeds without worrying about the cops.
Agree. The system has failed. Needs to be fixed.
Hey @BetsyDeVosED how do educators respond to you? They don't. They resent your unqualified presence. Not respected bitch.
You're an awful, awful person for backing this and going along with it. You've obviously never experienced anything traumatic in your life.
Keep your hands off Title IX!
You are becoming known as someone who supports and excuses rapists. It would be good to clear up any misapprehension on your position.
Til your standing in my shoes, I don't want to hear nothing from you cause you don't know. - @ladygaga
Bears?!
Seriously are you even a human?
I cannot believethe audacity of this alleged administration.  The harm they are allowing tobe okay.
You are a C U N T.
Betsy is a so sorry for all those who have to work with her stench at US DOE. It's not who ya know but who ya blow, right Bets?

"Lifelong advocate for kids" my ass
you're just as incompetent as 45 is.
Don't you dare rollback the sexual assault guidelines. What's wrong with you
That crazy bitch has no business being involved in education.
She calls herself a proud mother, grandmother and wife.  Glad I'm not her daughter......what a disappointment to all women.
molestation is not a joke and you are not going to get away with this.

Betsy DeVos pretty much just confirmed that my election night assessment (below) was devastatingly accurate. https://twitter.com/RVAwonk/status/796207183998418945 …

Rapists are more of a problem than grizzlies. #StopBetsy

Survivors of sexual assault deserve to be believed, not blamed.
https://twitter.com/TIME/status/905894699751190528 …
So sad I couldn't spend 47 million to be Sec Ed.
#stopbetsy
When will the handsmaids outfits be coming?
...the party that blames all Mexican & calls them rapist because of the actions of one,but rich white boys pay them money is OK DISGRACEFUL!

New York stands with survivors, and we will not go backwards in the fight against sexual assault. 
If any student is raped on campus, call local cops, suspect arrested & not allowed back on a campus until cleared...period, this is....
As a member of the female gender I just want to say that YOU ARE UNINVITED TO THE DAMN BRUNCH


If you have a mother or daughter #StopBetsy DeVos
 20% of girls are raped in college
 90% of rapes go unreported
 2% of reports are false 
Thanks to you, when my daughter goes to college, she will be less safe! I can't tell you how happy I am. #vileselfloathingwitch
“'Football was above the rules' at the private Christian institution"....


Betsy, please wear a turtleneck ....it's kinda distracting
So, you're for more of this... http://deadspin.com/lawsuit-notre-dame-covered-up-a-football-players-alleg-1802775527?utm_campaign=socialflow_deadspin_twitter&utm_source=deadspin_twitter&utm_medium=socialflow …
Get her out of this job.
A well judged reform. Take a look at the new UK system to see how it could work: http://www.universitiesuk.ac.uk/news/Pages/Taskforce-publishes-recommendations-to-universities-on-dealing-with-violence-against-women-and-hara.aspx …
"Undoing rules concerning sexual assault in schools?" What in the world were you thinking? How many more backward steps before the fall?
Not everyone is born with a silver spoon in their mouths!!!
What are you thinking?? Or not thinking?? Why are you trying to take this country in the wrong direction?? Stop harming people...
Amen! Get rid of stewpid title IX! If U dont wanna get raped, dont go to frat partys and act like a HO! PRAYERS! #Libetards #MAGA
Betsy DeVos, standing up for rapists but not minorities or LGBT.
So basically you want to support canpus rape. #vile
#TitleIX #Rape #StopBetsy #BetsyRapesEducation
Betsy is pro-rape culture.  No defense of her, horrible woman to represent students with this position.
I'm really curious why @BetsyDeVosED and the Trump administration are so obsessed with throwing sexual assault survivors under the bus.
TY @BetsyDeVos for your courage and strength. Amer students R grateful 4 your clarity & leadership in a time when true education is in peril
I'm so excited to go #BackToRape shopping! What should I wear to not be too inviting?
This is absolutely shameful.
This woman stood up and LIED, embellished stats, and twisted the entire topic around. People do this when they're being deceitful & harmful
Are you planning for expedited college enrollment for convicted rapists? It'll be easier for them to assault more women now. #Unqualified
I get it.  You're pro education business owners and you've got a boss who says it's okay to grab them by the putty.
Well, you're wrong and he's wrong!  Government is supposed to help the people from corporate abuse.  Your action is corporate abuse.
So, who protects the people from you?
Why aren't you protecting our young college women from sexual assault? Answer to God for that decision
Saying campuses shouldn't be in charge of handling  sexual assaults is like saying my boss can't fire me for punching a coworker
Most unqualified person in Government today, and that's saying something.
You are a disgusting woman and a poor example to your children and grandchildren.  Shame on you for taking steps to make our kids LESS safe.

SHAME ON YOU!  You betray the women of America, destroy our protections to support @potus right to grab women's genitals against their will.
WTH is wrong with you Betsy? Sexual assault is a life long tragedy. I think you need first hand experience! I DO! Support women victims!
Disgraceful
DeVos seeks to normalize sexual assault #shame
Thanks Betsy for supporting my Pu$$y-grabbing ways!!  Watch out -- you may be next!!  LOL & MAGA!

Since your dear leader sees nothing wrong with "grabbing them by the pussy", it stands to reason that you would want to protect rapists.
hey sweet cheeks, how about removing yourself so as to stop the damage you are doing?
You see what's happened with race-related harassment as a result of Trump catering 2 supremacist supporters. UR sounding the dinner bell.
@IvankaTrump
@IvankaTrump

Who are you trying to help with this effort, because both women AND MEN will be hurt by this mind-blowing effort. There is no logic 2 this.

@IvankaTrump SHAME!!!!!!!!  http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/07/betsy-devos-to-revamp-obama-era-schools-sexual-assault-policy-242444 …
If u care - rates of male rape (levied for poor sports performance, hazing, punishment for being gay) is almost as common as for women.
SHAME ON YOU!  @IvankaTrump
What the hell is wrong with u?! I didn't realize being a rich, entitled bitch automatically means you're also cruel & tone deaf! #TitleIX
Unchristian hypocrites!
Can we roll Betsy DeVos back?
Yeah, we need to do more to protect campus rapists.  Just when I thought you couldn't sink any lower... disgusting.
Shame on you. How does it feel to be part of the most hated administration in recent history?
#StopBetsy
If you had a daughter in college, I would not wish anything bad for her. Just that her mother could be a lioness.
Out of all the things you could do to propel education forward in the US, this is what you choose to spend your energy on? How shameful.
I'd rather stick needles in my eyes than watch or listen to that incompetent, bigoted c*nt

I support Betsy DeVos 100%!
Betsy, Devoted to ruining Education for all - it's cheaper.
Let me know when you'd like to sit down and chat about my campus rape story, or all acts of sexual abuse committed...on campus.
@BetsyDeVosED shame. College women deserve protection
How about hiring Russian girls for "water sports"? Is that legalized yet?  Asking for a friend of yours.
This is an insult to all victims! Shame on U. Assault is already under reported. Takes country back to 1950!
Good job. Bring back the rule of law.
To send the message, to young women in particular, that they must question how they perceive interactions is putting the blame on them.
This is #rapeculture. Glad I'm giving to #Boston Area Rape Crisis Center. https://www.crowdrise.com/scotts-birthday-2017 …
You are an insane person.  You do not belong in office.  Grifter pig.
How do you look yourself in the mirror? You have no idea what it is like to be a human being.  You have no soul.
Why aren't you tweeting about rolling back Obsma's protection of women against sexual attacks. Are you that evil or racist or both?
This woman is so blatantly horrendously  evil - please get rid of her

Joe Biden Has Strong Words For Betsy DeVos After Her Title IX Announcement
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/joe-biden-says-betsy-devos-title-ix-announcement-is-a-step-in-the-wrong-direction_us_59b1b5e9e4b0354e4410a21e …
She is an absolute disgrace.
What a disgrace this woman is.
Sexual assault victims deserve an administration that stands w/ them, not one that makes it impossible to have justice.
#StopBetsyِ
Fuck you, Betsy. Seriously. Fuck you.
Instead of empowering ALL kids with great education, @BetsyDeVosED empowers swindlers (of Choice) and now rapists.
#StopBetsyِ
