Just wondering when will you dump common core?
(4) policies that required them to serve ALL American children regardless of religion, race, class, national background. I know this because
Stop Common Core. All Student needs are different .
Have you appeared on any real news outlets? No one watches Faux Newsie Stories except idiot racists. Do you have anything to say to U.S.?
This doesn't look good for charter schools https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/answer-sheet/wp/2017/03/30/what-the-public-doesnt-know-about-high-performing-charter-schools-in-arizona/ …
Ohhh, Fox and Friends...must be the only "friends" you've got!
You can improve education by making sure public schools get more funds to improve results, NOT by giving money to for-profit schools.
We know most of Trump's cabinet picks were unqualified but 'connected' ... you shame the department daily.

We need to rethink you Betsy DeVil, and the goddamn cesspool of swamp creatures you represent.
Why exactly are you making schools unsafe? Can we expose your grandchildren to your concepts - oops forgot, privileged w/security & wealth
Yeah, the only show that would ever have a charlatan like you on
#YoureFired #FakeNews
this movie should be a homework assignment for all your staff and all the teachers
so you are on trump's propaganda channel selling your crap now
Did you bring up how you think rapists are losing their rights?
Improve education: QUIT and get out of the government. You have no clue about reality and probably lack the capability. NO FASCISTS.
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/27/opinion/betsy-devos-for-profit-colleges.html&ved=0ahUKEwiQ-OzPuZTXAhWix4MKHYPtCX8QjjgILzAC&usg=AOvVaw0k0dN65M5Nn49q4BiVHKBP …
The majority of Americans are against vouchers that give money to charter/for-profit schools while decimating public education.

Dear @BetsyDeVosED,Please view and reply to: http://www.stringquest.com/betsy-devos-vision-proposal … Emailed @usedgov 
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse please assist - thanks! 
Yes, ONLY a moron would hire @BetsyDeVosED  Potus has even less experience in govt & it shows daily.
start by teaching Civics & History again, taxpayers forced to fund liberalism tax $ should provide balanced education not indoctrination
Why are you so set out to screw over our special ed students. Start thinking about them. Many of them have bright futures.
Improve education by following through on removing #commoncore. My sons up early to finish homework we couldn't do last night . *NOT NORMAL*
Madam Secretary could you please reinstitute Civics classes into our schools in a mandatory capacity? My generation benefited from this! GBU
And be pro rape  .
come visit Pleasantville NY public school district we hv very creative & energized teachers. far superior to any charter
why would you want her to visit your school - she oozes evil
What is your opinion on incorporating tech into classrooms to create a more personalized learning experience for students? @robinhicklin
How is not defending rape victims improving schools? You're the worst!
Are you afraid of going on a network that might ask questions you're unprepared to answer?
You keep talking about charters doing things like 'hands on learning'. That's not exactly new. Public schools have done this for decades.
Why did your school tour only include ones in areas that voted for Trump? Don't other schools count, too?
Those regs didn't harm the accused. They simply made it possible for victims to not be criminalized for speaking up. You are so wrong. 3/3
Hoping colleges will ignore your attempts to undo anything w/Obama's name attached to it and maintain a balanced hearing environment. 2/3
Rescinding Title IX regs returns hearings advantages to rapists. The proverbial 'deck' you speak of was already stacked against victims. 1/3
Requirements to be in Trump's administration:
1. Give him money
2. Inability to deliver a coherent sentence. 
Bear lady is 2 for 2. #shame
I'm not exactly sure what we need to rethink, How to get away with rape?...Hold on students, This nightmare will be over soon!
You are amazingly idiotic. Please leave your role before you do more damage. Our kids deserve better.
#Unqualified #USuck #URAntiFemale #UEnableRapists #Karma #Burn
You are an embarrassment to the American ed system...how do you live with yourself...using the ed system for own agenda...shame on you
You just ended Title IX. How does that improve education?
You're 'rethinking' colleges by supporting @potus who grabs women's genitals against their will, & destroying protections against rape.
You will forever be known as a lying traitor, because THIS is what you support.
YOU GOAL IS NOT TO IMPROVE THE SYSTEM... IT'S TO DESTROY IT.
You stand with RAPE. Wow
FAKE NEWS
In any other administration you would of been fired by now. Although in any other administration you never would've been hired. Shame on you
You have NO place in education. You are not educated yourself. And you know NOTHING about rape. You have no place making these decisions.
I can think of one great way! Get rid of Common Core asap!
Farming our tax$$ out to substandard for profit schools invested in by you and your billionaire friends, right??? Pathetic.
By making people look up the word #dotard, Kim Jong Un has done more for American education than @BetsyDeVos/@BetsyDeVosED
Stay the course Betsy, the poor and middle class benefit from your educational vision
Somehow I think the people who own for-profit charters stand to benefit more. The data on charters isn't good.
Amen! If its on Fox, it MUST be true! prayers!!!
We need 2 get rid of standardized testing and Common Core! 2/2
1st time I liked what u had 2 say. We need students 2 have personalized learning & master fundamentals.  1/2
Where are the parents in this?
The NAACP backs up its call for a moratorium on charter schools with #facts.
https://www.opednews.com/articles/Separate-and-Unequal-The-by-Carl-Petersen-Charter-Schools-170805-327.html …
.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Betsy - cave men just called - they said you & Trump are on the right path!  Make Women 2nd Class Citizens Again!
You certainly don't improve it by allowing profiteers to skim 15-20% off the top.
Math is not your strength.
You can improve education by putting public funding into the public schools and not fraudulent charter schools that make your friends rich.
Qualified educators and those with first-hand knowledge of public schools and what they require to operate well should be involved - NOT YOU
Thank you Betsy for your work in promoting my agenda.  Uneducated people are much easier to control.  I support your efforts to destroy EDU.
Also, thank you for promoting discrimination.  I applaud your efforts to make things worse for everybody.   I love stupid people #CUNHell
The best way to improve the education in this country is to dissolve dept. Of Ed and let the states do what they want/need to do.
That only works when states care about having good schools.

Those two male hosts must like your Twitter name because they both have ED.
Never thought it would happen, but you found a place where you're the smartest person in the room. #DubiousHonors

That was a lame excuse for reporting on a lame excuse for an education secretary.
Good job! You were actually able to respond to those incoherent questions. Not that your answers actually meant anything.
For once I feel sorry for Betsy for having to answer questions from three idiots even more clueless than she is.
You want to keep kids from returning home with some liberal agenda?
Yes Fox and Friends is about your speed.
Everything about you is awful.
Rethink Betsy DeVILos
You have no idea how to improve education. You care only for making $ via charter schools by duping parents. #DeVosUnfit #$4CabinetPost
Betsy, you didn't have time this week to visit our High School Manufacturing Education program, please come see!
Betsy Devos Sec. Of Education? Why did this happen? How did this happen? Pathetic
My district public school students spent this week in the field conducting water quality research. Great time DOING science. #publicschools
We use a "hands-on learning approach" in public school too, maybe you should educate yourself on our public school system!
I knew I didn't watch @foxandfriends on purpose they not only support trump they support satin devos too
@BetsyDeVosED & @foxandfriends makes sense. They r fake news. U r faking ur way through ur job. U r clueless about public edu. 
Resign now
Agree!  Time for new things.
Resign you fraud
What a perfect pair. Fox and DeSaster. #BetsyDeSaster is a fox in the hen house.
You are so clueless it's astounding. You have no idea what school is like because YOU HAVE NEVER SPENT TIME IN ONE OTHER THAN A PHOTO OP!
@POTUS More money and a qualified Secretary of education would go a long way. Disgusted Republican here.
I can't believe taxpayers are funding your appearances on Faux News. You're an absolute disgrace and your agenda is already dead!
Her "expertise" isn't worth $8, much less $8M.  She's #unqualified and needs to #resign from the position she BOUGHT.
Your ideas about schools will only bring back segregation! #fakepresident
You've got to be kidding.   Betsy can't think much less rethink.  We need a real educator and thinker.

Don't let imbeciles that oppose you stand in the way of Making Education Great Again. Stay !
Amway is calling, they need their religious kook back. Give up, you won't destroy public education.
"personalized learning"...You know that your party has spent the last 20 years making schools teach everyone the same...To the test...Right?
Thank you Betsy! What a mean road you have traveled for public service.
We know. We know. Corporate sponsorships and religion. Neither pay taxes, but seem to cure Everything.
Want to improve school in Texas, remove the Starr test and let our kids learn. Not just study to pass the test. Let teachers teach
When will you go on to other news channels? Or will they not invite you due to your rhetoric?
Yep need to introduce the constitution and civics courses starting at 6 grade until graduation.
#ReThinkSchool needs to apply to Puerto Rico as well.
There is no silver bullet for education. The current system is a toilet and should be flushed. Starting with elementary school establish...
Do you go home and just cry at night because of the millions of people who think you are a waste of a perfectly good human body?
Lord woman...if you were educated you would realize fox is not even news it's a propoganda machine.
No one else would
How would you know what improves education? You've never taught. Never went to pubschool. You admitted your private Jesus school was boring!
Fox and Friends, the only show that will allow you to spout your bullshit and the only group to which you can feel intellectually superior.
Slightly.
Students need all the help they can get. What their being taught is shameful. Bring God back to the schools.
Improve education in public schools (which I THINK you're kinda in charge of) or private schools (which you love)?
#FoxFakeNews needs to discuss #ReThinkBetsyDeVos
Please get rid of Common Core. It is Indoctrination not education.
Wonderful, Ms. DeVos, an emphasis on more actual learning instead of student indoctrination!
Common core is horrible
As you wrap up your #RethinkSchool tour see how NewWay is creating new teaching methods for K-12 teachers & parents.
"..how to improve education for rich, white, Christian kids. Non-white, non-Christian, public school kids are out of luck." Fixed it for you
Don't forget - only straight kids
A great first step to improve public education would be for you to resign
Betsy I would really love to talk to you about, the pending IT disaster about to hit our schools
This woman scares me and the future of education. She is so clueless.
Thanks for nothing @foxandfriends @BetsyDeVosED, you bought your position after screwing up public education in your own state.
Retweet this if you believe @foxandfriends failed to tell the real story of #unqualified @BetsyDeVosED. #biasfakenews.  #RethinkDeVos
Majority of parents LIKE their Public Schools & want to SUPPORT the teachers they TRUST to educate their kids. https://www.aft.org/sites/default/files/parentpoll2017_memo.pdf …
I guess it involves destroying public schools and enriching your family you filthy criminal. #ResignDevos
Want to help education than get rid of teaching for test and common core! Standards are being push down! Making everyone avg. is not good!
40+yrs ago GLRTS (Tyngsboro MA) designed a high school bldg to adapt to individual instruction curriculum. To learn more speak to my husband
Should we teach our kids that this is "LOCKER ROOM TALK" ??  You know, they way men supposedly talk about women behind closed doors?
You're #unqualified and a detriment to public education. #resign.

Go home Betsy you're unqualified
Thank YOU for giving more depth on what this is that you are doing. MORE.
Betsy, get real! Delete Common Core!!!@DiamondandSilk @realDonaldTrump @jessebwatters @LouDobbs @jessebwatters @DonaldJTrumpJr @vp
By not watching fox and friends, that would help immensely
Yesssss stop the grinding of the social engineering machine call public education.
You're as still incompetent and unqualified as ever.
I still expect your resignation by Monday


nice to go on a network that will ask tough questions isn't it Betsy. what a joke
Watched the Taliban destroy education to control people. Now @BetsyDeVosED does the same and @FoxNews says nothing. Sad. #RethinkDeVos
Today @foxandfriends reached the same low of biased reporting as @CNN . Pathetic softball campaign ad. #RethinkDeVos.  Cowards ignore truth.
it's so nice that such a quality news channel like Fox is helping you promote the downfall of education
#RethinkDeVos.  I just lost all respect for "fair and balanced" @FoxNews. Spineless reporting. Join @CNN as #biasfakenews.  So sad.
Taking $ from public schools, deregulation of safety rules, making student loans cost more & providing no knowledgeable leadership=failure
You still can't spell Rethink correctly... surprise. Disappointed in Fox softball to you. Sad and pathetic. #RethinkDeVos
!!stop tying school lunch beverages to milk products! Make Calcium fort. juices&water available d͟a͟ily͟ for kids who get dairy bellyaches
ABOLISH common core & teacher unions! They traded classical education for harmful indoctrination making our kids dumb & dull!
Stop raping them financially thru your collection agencies would be an educated fucking bright idea.
I hope you go on other networks to "discuss" since the actions you take will extend beyond your base.
so sad that with something as vital as education we even have to use the word base. She is awful
Great interview. Great ideas. Looking great. Thank You.
What on God's green earth do you know about Education?
Coming from the person that knows nothing about education!
I'd rather #ReThinkDevos.
Go read a book ya dimwitted Gilt doll.
U go Betsy
So glad I do not have any kids in school right now
#ReThinkSchool Bring back segregation by race, religion & income while layering on a healthy profit margin & killing educational standards.
Great Initiative Sec Betsy DeVos! "Rethink School Tour and how to improve education for students"! Lovely!
(5)...I had a great education. Work with educators, not against them.
Nice to go onto a network that won't challenge you and therefore no real dialogue.
Hope this doesn't include rapping to students.  Bosses & customers won't rap to them when they become employees.
(3) Schools are not the same. They are more equitable (integrated; class-inclusive; gender-balanced, LGBTQ friendly etc.) because of federal
(2) do teachers need to implement your "new" ways of practice? Q: have US schools remained the same for "100 years", as you said?
#RethinkDeVos.  She is an #unqualified liar who bought her seat. Only classroom time is photo ops. #ivorytowerelitistcoward. Shame on fox.
Real world you can't tell your boss, "Oh well, I learned at my own pace I'll get to it when I can!" Nope, learning needs to be competitive
If the child loses interest in cannot foresee the relevance of the curriculum, they will not learn.
#RethinkDeVos
This not an interview but an ad for @BetsyDeVos's nationalized charter school agenda. Q: if, as you say, "teachers know best" then why (1)
#RethinkDeVos
With time constraints,  deadlines, management pressure. Children need to rise to or exceed a learning expectation. This is the real world
Children learning at own pace sounds like Goals 2000. Is a disservice to children. The real world is competitive 1/3
Go Betsy Go...please have a look at this video by @d2davison Re TitleIX
Betsy DeVos Is On The Right Side Of History https://youtu.be/XGMt2b0suGs  @BetsyDeVos @laurakipnis @kcjohnson9
This is your primary means of communication with Donald, right?
You don't get much of the thanks you deserve  Keep fighting to give our kids a chance
Bot.

How can we improve education in our schools? The first positive step would be for you to resign!
Appropriate for Betsy!!
Resign. You're an unqualified imminent threat to education and the youth of this country. Maybe you can buy a job on Fox. They hire idiots.

#RethinkDeVos
Lulz. This rich bitch hasn't worked a day in her life.
Betsy, they hate you because you want to free the slaves from the education plantation.  My God you are such a threat.  Keep it up.
#censure #CensureTrump  #HR496
This was quite a segment from @CNN that will be shared far and wide 
