Come to San Francisco and check out the schools that beat children on tape.
You're reading 2kids while our #schools r falling apart& being controlled by #snowflake #LibTards? @realDonaldTrump hired u 2 do more! #MAGA
You love those expensive trips to schools all over the country. Is this to distract us from how you are planning to ruin public education?
@CroppDuster bear joke in 5...4...3...2...1... #jimbit
What's a bear's favorite drink? Koka-Koala
That made your boy @hydar cringe.
I know. A joke isn't funny unless @hydar signs off.
Ah, the Dead Horse Boys heard from.  How tedious.


This is Betsy telling children that if they're assulted at college they'll no longer have the same protections because she rolled them back.

Dear @BetsyDeVosED,Please view and reply to: http://www.stringquest.com/betsy-devos-vision-proposal … Emailed @usedgov 
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse please assist - thanks! 
I love the kid who is yawning! Classic!
@BetsyDeVosED go away.
Love the kid yawning. Is that the best you could do for a publicity photo? Which shots didn't make the cut? Kid flipping her the bird?
These kids know what's really up.
Thank You. Love your work.
Not me. I am real. You?
A white female tch sitting in a position of authority in relation to the Ss who are sitting cross-cross in uniforms does not #ReThinkSchool
She must have had to practice reading that book a few times. (And probably still didn't understand it.) Fucking Betsy DeVos.
Hi Betsy thanks for your supports and wonderful visits keep it up and it is nice to meet you hope are having a wonderful weekend
I like you Ma Devos,
I'm sure she has a lot of ideas after her extensive experience in the education profession.
Come and visit my public school. See  the best young public school educators America has to offer. @SMSMattOlson @mrsnoelcke @j_abraham4
I keep saying the same thing.  Our public schools are great.  Parents are very much involved.
#RethinkDeVos can you imagine her doing anything other than photo op... lol. @realDonaldTrump reafirst campaign promise broken was her.
Your name is a punchline, Betsy.
Where are the smiles on these children?
GRAB 'EM BY THE PUSSY, @BetsyDeVosED!
The kids are like: "Nah, we don't need to undergo religious indoctrination by a bear lady."
They're only listening to you because they have to. Most of them are probably more qualified to do your job than you are. Travesty!
Look at the book over here while I take all your funding over there.
Yes, visit all the catholic schools whose parents can afford to pay for their kids to go to school.  Of course they want vouchers.
I'm surprised you know how to read - just saying...
a real shame that young children are forced to entertain you and pose for pictures with you have you no decency
Oh what did you read? A book about how to destroy public education? How to ignore the protections of minorities?
Thank you For supporting all forms of education for our children.#edchoice #parentalchoice
If that's what you think she's doing, you must have your head stuck in the sand. She has zero qualifications to be Education Sec - ZERO.
Leave. You're scaring the children.
I can't help feeling that he looks absolutely outraged.
@POTUS  SELF REALIZATION is the last breakthrough,the epitome of our evolution, where one feels on one's fingertips the all-pervading Power
The Divine is anxious to reveal Itself to you,but you have to keep your minds open. Self Realization is the living process,gives benevolence
You're fundamentally unqualified and unfit to hold the position you now occupy and are an absolute morally bankrupt corrupt disgrace.
Is St Mary's a public school?
Too bad you don't know anything about education.
And how do you make money off this school?
Just mailed 30+ letters from my high school freshmen, inviting you to our public school. Hope we get an acceptance!


Do you ever go to public schools?! #realitywoman
I watched the Taliban destroy schools to maintain their power. Now @BetsyDeVos does the same. @POTUS, #RethinkDeVos.  Drain the #swamp.
Thankfully this horrid waste of tax dollars ends tomorrow. Then you can go back to accomplishing nothing.
Remember what I told you. I expect your resignation on Monday.
Another unqualified joke put up by the head clown Trump. Take your religious claptrap and shove it.
Next time you do a photo op make sure you aren't boring the kids so bad that they are falling asleep.
Shut up! Betsy
#ReThinkRapists
We would love for you to visit St. James catholic school.  Elizabethtown Ky.  Wonderful School!!!!
Resign.
My public school is a fine arts magnet and offers advanced art, music, foreign language math and creative writing. Do we rethink that?
Sounds like a terrific school that doesn't need rethinking.
How many roaches did you kill today?       Did you sweat in a 100 degree classroom?
How many public schools have you been to on this Rainbow Tour?
Visit some public schools
Come read to my school! We are a title 1 school full of minority students. You will love it!
Since your the most unqualified person in charge of All academics I will say this as a person who holds M.A & chooses to digress #YOU SUCK!
Did she test the students immediately after?
Why don't you ever visit public schools?
Oh look at Betsy in her expensive clothes sounding out the big words trying to read!  Still a Grade F Betsy.  Mueller is coming!
FOX IN SOX ON A BOX WITH A BRAIN FULL OF ROCKS TRYING TO READ. I WANT TO PLAY BLOCKS! @Impeach_D_Trump
Please speak out against @jeffsessions and privatizing prisons. Please protect the kids you seek to help.
Hope you noticed the true innovation that takes place in Nebraska public schools. Expecting to see your tweets acknowledging that quality.
Shocker another visit to a religious based private school...way to diversify. Disgraceful.
Come to All Saints in Canton, Michigan
Wow. You really hate public schools don't you?
When you say #rethinkschool do you mean "let's improve our country's public schools!" or do you mean "let's forget public and privatize all"
Meanwhile...another school shooting and there weren't any bears involved #trumpfail #educationforall #guncontrol
You don't care about children or education. Only about money and vouchers #unqualified #traitor to democracy
Don't you have a job to do?  WTF
Reading aloud to children of all ages...such an important, often overlooked, part of a good education.
Another day, another private school.
Brown bear, brown bear, what do you see? Woefully inadequate secretary.

I'd be yawning too. #rethinkdevos
America's family values/marriage need reform.Children's education directly linked to family unity. Can learn from Indian family system.
I don't know how Teachers can Teach with all their anger and hate as a group. Pretty upsetting.
We have 3/4 of our Students in CA who are NOT Proficient at Grade Level in Math or Science or English. We will ever have free choice in CA ?
Wow, you can read?
Good luck Betsy. I have read most of the replies to u on TWTR  last 8 months. Pretty sad how you have been bullied and attacked by Teachers
Would be amazing to have seen you in our amazing PUBLIC schools in Nebraska!
Going to a private school .... PUBLIC EDUCATION IS YOUR JOB
You can read? I guess it's just thinking and talking that come hard for you.
Holy shit, Betsy Devos can read?!
Betsy, you must stop sharing what others are doing and get on the stick removing Common Core!!!
Give details. Tired of hearing just thank yous.
Oh puhleez - a horrible unqualified person who pretends to care for students is still a horrible unqualified person. #PhotoOp
You bought yourself into that seat. Sad.
UnBrainwash our Youth, Betsy! Teach them civics & some History! We used 2 B #1 in every area, now what R we? 25 - 30th place? Fix it! @OANN
Thank u for all your time n effort for the kids. We love you
Of course.
It continues! I beg you: Please read the poor kids something besides "Oh, The Places You'll Go!" They can handle it, really!
She probably has it memorized....we don't know if she can read.
A sad day when we have a non-educator trying to do a lesson plan.
Try teaching in an inner city public school for a whole day, not just reading one story. Then talk to me about rethinking education.
Amen.
Did you read "How To Buy Your Job With One Check?"  #BoughtYourJob
You only seem to respect religious & corporate funded schools. Why not fully fund & support public education for all??
Which one of these kids is reading to you?
I'd give any of those kids $100 to ask her to explain the diff. between "growth" & "proficiency". Then guest speaker Al Franken walks in! 
After story time did you sit the girls down & explain how protecting those accused of sexual assault is more noble than protecting victims?
How nice reading to the children about how getting rid of the LIBERAL SOCIALIST agenda in their schools and about the thieving unions
Re-think Blackwater education
I think the kid in the front row in the blue shirt pretty much sums up all of us every time you talk
Were the kids helping you with learning to read?
Now! A public educator visiting the private sector on public dollars is troubling. You are not paid for by them.
MY children would be removed from attending class that day. Actually, they'd be removed altogether from any school that supports your agenda
🕇

1 Corinthians 15:33
Be not deceived: evil communications corrupt good manners.
Was this a private, religiously-affiliated school? Shocking! Just resign and admit you're unfit for this job. #dumpDeVos #resign
are you reading them "Oh the Places You Will Go After I Defund Public Schools and Give It to You"? Religious & Charter agenda.
Yep- & we can all see it coming (except Trumptards).Probably has her buds lined up to get a piece.Sessions doing same thing w/private jails.
#ReFundSchool
Did you read them a story about how you and the GOP are going to royally screw them?
You're fucking awful at what you do.
#choice
Poor kids don't have a choice
I feel like the kid in the front row.
I'd give any of those kids $100 to ask her to explain the diff. between "growth" & "proficiency". Then guest speaker Al Franken walks in! 
That would be hilarious!
At recess time, a member of the NRA would appear & give DeVos an assault rifle so she can stalk rogue grizzlies roaming the school grounds.
Stay away from my kids' public school!
No problem there. She avoids them.
You can read? Holy shitballs ~ who knew?
I'd give any of those kids $100 to ask her to explain the diff. between "growth" & "proficiency". Then guest speaker Al Franken walks in! 
It’s nice to see @BetsyDeVosED doing great despite the initial hatred! Keep it up.
Initial? LULZ
True - continued. I’ve been hearing decent words about her from outlets that used to talk garbage. More of what I was referring to.
Looks like that child in the front row is yelling at you. That's how most of us feel about you.
When those kids are old enough to know who you are, they will realize they once met Satan in the flesh.
