"The president's budget proposal would also ax federal spending on teacher preparation by $2.4 billion, money that school districts can use to recruit STEM educators and restructure pay scales for heard-to-fill jobs, which often include math and science teachers."
This woman is costing taxpayers millions for every contrived photo op she does. Her budget CUT STEM program funding. She is a monster who bought this position with $200 million in donations to Republicans.
Why do schools keep letting this woman into their buildings? Go buy an island and disappear, Betsy.
Those poor kids look terrified. It could also be they are tired from the change to the lunch standards.
Any school willing to open its doors to @BetsyDeVosED has absolutely no interest in the well-being of its students.  Shame on you for allowing her anywhere near your students.

Wouldn't you do more good to see how these optics look in a poor inner city where you promised, "ensuring that all kids...". We see this school is in a high end community. https://www.tollbrothers.com/luxury-homes-for-sale/Virginia/Moorefield-Green-The-Manors#gallery …
Nice face, she looks like she can't wait to get out of there............ OHHhhhhh this was a 'public' school , well that explains it, she has a hard time tolerating kids of the riff raff.
Poor kids
Do they know how you're trying to give handouts to that stupid, discriminatory college? #HillsdaleHandout
Ugh, I"m sorry. Let's crowdfund a good cleaning of that place.

"In college, of course, students have to flourish without constant supervision. Although charter students are admitted to college at higher rates than students from comparable public schools, their graduation rates are dispiritingly low."  http://ow.ly/qs4k30hb1B4 
And here's a break from this photo op to remind you of what a horrible person Betsy is.

New: Betsy DeVos wants to expand school voucher programs throughout the U.S. Get ready for that list to include schools that promote Scientology. http://bit.ly/2nQtDcq 

