How about NOT repeal #NetNeutrality ? Do you recognize the negative impact this repeal could have on online students, programs, and resources?
This isn’t under her preview.
The word is "purview.". I expect my Secretary of Education to speak up on issues like #NetNeutrality that effect education.  #notmysecofed
Typo. Her job is education.
Her job is gutting the Dept. of Education, undermining public education and inserting her ideology into public policy.  She needs to #ResignNow   #separationofchurchandstate
Public ed is being destroyed by leftist ideology. It’s not even close to what it was due to illegals, standardized testing, the sped program just to mention some issues. Gender indoctrination, anti Religion bigotry and more.
The only indoctrination is the attempt to insert fundamentalism (and racism from your comment about "illegals") into PUBLIC education.  If you don't want your want your children to function in an inclusive society, homeschool AT YOUR OWN EXPENSE.  Some of my nicest students
Betsy DeVos  is the best thing to happen to the dept of ed.. What should really happen though is to get rid of the dept. of ed and let states run their own schools.
The parents and the teachers need to communicate more.  Parents aren't checking on grades UNTIL reports cards come out.
I believe she's referring to college.
I know, but the lower level education standards need to be raised at home first.
So you want her to make PARENTS do a better job? I thought she was over education, not parenting. LOL I tell you what, when parents receive federal and state funding to do a better job parenting let me know! #HomeschoolParent #EndCommonCore
No, communication between those 2 groups, and a comprehension class for you.
There are MANY reasons that come into play that may make a parent appear to be uninvolved. Single parents working to provide for said children could prevent them from giving more attention to teachers. Sick parents are also less involved.
One's first priority as a parent should be toward their children. Sadly not always the case. Pointing out 'exceptions' such as being a single parent is a tiring liberal argument, & part of decades long problem.
I am not liberal
You could resign and someone with education experience could take over. That would be a great place to start.
So we could have a “let’s throw more money at the problem” leader who will do nothing? Are you a teacher?
Lol you do realize DeVos has ZERO qualifications for her role, and her brother is getting a special arms security contract with Trump right?
She has better qualifications than most in education today. Are you a teacher? Have you worked in schools?
Lol poor you
You’re not making sense. Betsy’s brother isn’t Secretary of Education so he isn’t relevant. I would rather see her in this position than an indoctrinated political “educator”.
And overall, she's just a terrible person for this position, is not qualified, does not deserve it, and no one in the education world is excited about her
We’ve thrown money at public ed for years, the result of which is students graduating not being able to read or write well. Sped takes preference, illegals as well, and teachers are required to jump through far too many testing hoops. They aren’t allowed to actually teach anymore
Dump Common Core! Return to Classical approach to education. Empower teachers to teach, rather than administer test after test.  Encourage free-thinkers!  Power to the states & keep fed out of education. Schools are business, so to speak. If they compete again, they will thrive.
Check out Common Core English standards.
Search for "capacities of the literate individual".
"They comprehend as well as critique.
Students are engaged and open-minded—but discerning—readers & listeners. They work diligently to understand precisely what an author or speaker is
Their “standards” are a crime against these unsuspecting kids. They squash free thinkers at their earliest opportunity. The proof is in the pudding.
Are you referring to standards or curriculum (textbooks, classwork etc)?
Their written standards include the recommendations (which to them are requirements) for the curriculum to be used.  What they “claim” and what they implemented were two different animals. Their “standards” were a sham.
Must be a state policy. Standards and curriculum are not the same. That is why some want different curriculum. Many people blame standards for the classwork that is created by teachers following textbooks.
Are you a public school teacher in a school that has implemented Common Core?  If not, have you spoken to any?  I have.  MANY. Across multiple jurisdictions. They administer “recommended” aka required curriculum.
They administer tests and generally have a script to communicate to students to avoid using “specific words” that aren’t allowed. That’s appalling. Most teachers don’t get to really teach anymore. They follow orders. That’s why many are leaving in droves.
Curriculum should be chosen locally. Eliminate national teachers union. Let local schools decide competence of and salary and benefits for their teachers. YOU are amazing. I am grateful for your fresh eyes looking at the issues.
The only fed involvement I see as appropriate would b 2 officially give control back 2 locals. But also 2 declare PARENTS LEGAL& personal& religious right 2 decide how their children are educated...Including Eg HOMESCHOOL, private education, religious education or public ed
Then there is no protection for teachers or students. Teachers would be subject to the same scandels that are going on in corporate America with CEOs walking away with millions In bonuses and the workers getting minimum wage.
And students would not have a equal opportunity either. We did not become a social species by segregating each other. We join our minds and make up what is the biggest social experiment of modern history, the USA.  Children learn equally and parents teach their views themselves.
The teachers union is the only thing protecting teachers from being even less appreciate. Maybe your parents taught you to let someone else raise your kids like they did you. And maybe you think people should just do what you want cause you have money. Be these are false views
Reset K-12 so quality of education begins to grow roots early on by enacting law specifically saying that education is a right. Then as a right, education funding must follow child’s chosen school, public or non public.
(Graduation rates: NY PS - 71%; Archdiocese of NY - 99%)
As a right, the child gets the best quality education from either public or non public school. The right belongs to the child, not the education provider-school, whether public or non public. Parents have school choices, not a public school only monopoly!
Media presentations that motivate disadvantaged youth to use free online government checked tutorials by private companies that directly lead to employment when successfully completed.
@usedgov @BetsyDeVosED 
#INTEGRATE Public Schools & Make them work for everyone. #NoCharterSchools #NoSegregation #PublicSchoolsRock
How bout stop taking money away from public schools, stop demonizing public schools, start focusing on how to benefit all students in a non discriminatory manner.
You want innovation? End standardized testing. Let teachers teach. Promote partnerships between industry and schools. Keep religion at home.
Teachers need to work from their heart...God is Life and the Bible is truth.  Teachers love Jesus and he is our best example working with others...all ages.
Get rid of the far left teachers like gregory salcido that is teaching students that being in the military is for idiots. He's in CA but I have heard similar stories in ID, NE and KS.
Invest in public schools and let the minds of our children soar to their maximum capacity without restraints of schooling for exam preparation. Also, include iniatives to offset the school to prison pipeline. Lastly, stop, despite your beliefs privatization is not the solution.
I know.  You can hire a close friend, to be the debt collector for student loans.  The contract is worth millions. And you can make sure it's a company friend of the DeVos family. Just is case they want to thank you.
No common core, give the control back at a local level. Stop the propaganda to control our youth minds and future by dumbing them down. Bring back classical teaching in schools.  Allow 529 from grade k through 12.
Use the 25th amendment, replace the President, and get someone in place that will get rid of all the unqualified members still left in government...I was just reviewing YOUR resume.....OOPS, you may not like it, but YOU HAVE NO QUALIFICATIONS EITHER. 100% true!
Make sure conservative Christian views are left out of education
The fed should do more of getting out of education
1st thing should be to FIRE you. 2nd thing to HIRE someone with actual QUALIFICATIONS and CREDENTIALS. That might help. #Rethinkschool
Ensure our students can see what we are trying to teach them
Excellent. However...That is local apparently. Should not be fed $
Working with lawmakers legislation. Vision disorders can be genetic or due to brain injury and affects 25% of children. I am working on a concussion/near vision screening bill and incarcerated youth bill (98% visually impaired/84% TBI). Just a mom trying to help kids see clearly.
Wonderful! Good for you but my thought is it should be state & local. Not fed funded. So it is not redirected to fund lobbyists or the Congress "hush fund". Keep it out of mismanaged $$ fed control.
I agree. However, if it was policy that parents of students referred for special ed services were told symptoms of visual impairment and importance eye exam, more parents would be proactive. A New Jersey study found $200 million saved per yr in special ed costs.
It looks like a really good thing you are doing calling attention to this. Getting more kids off the ADD meds would be a good thing! I still think that any testing or treatment should be local. It would be better diagnoses&follow thru &follow up. This is what EdSec needs 2 know!
Well forget any of this... She wants to know what to do after she cuts 9 billion in education. So not only will schools not be able to afford this, neither will the teachers. I just wish we didn't have to waist time with her useless questions and get someone that cares in the job
You should resign
With a student in an upstate NY public Highschool, I would like to give the existing policies, prohibiting political indoctrination of our children, some teeth. Neighboring school teachers protested Trump’s election openly and no penalty whatsoever. Felony?
Do away with common core!
Require diversity in STAFF. Stop the absurd amounts of money paid to teach 1 "class". Lose the stupid degrees like Women's Studies.

Substantially lower the interest rate on student loans.
My question is why won’t you go away?
Your picture is offensive! What did Devo do to you to make you put their hat on this blue twat waffle. Jk love it
#EndCommonCore
There are currently no federal stipulations reauiring states to adopt common core. Any states who are using it now is out of preference, not mandate.
Do you think Common Core is a well thought out and a well implemented set of standards that are appropriate to impose on as diverse a population as ours?
I do think it is a good starting point, but I cannot underestimate the need for the local level to SUPPLEMENT CC with their unique curriculums that work for and fit individual communities as well as students.
It's obvious that you have lived in a bubble your whole life and it has made you a bad person and bad human. I'm sad that people like you have power over my child.
One thing you could do is be openminded enough to take a close look at a program that people say is very innovative. Your staff said you didn't have time to meet with us, therefore, underprivileged students are missing all the benefits of one of the most innovative programs ever
Appalled! Com core is still taught in school.  K teach. Says it is bc sch bought the bks so not changing it. My 5 yr old gr dau has come home saying she is a boy...not! Cc is confusing children! Fri, she was trying to put barbie clothes on ken, so she could make him a girl! NOoo!
Another problem is that we need to provide vocational education. Not all ss are meant to go to college.                               Also, ss need to know how to balance a ckbook. Budget. Cook a meal. Sew a button. iron a shirt, etc. etc. etc.
I believe that ss working w/aft school tutoring places like mathnasium, Sylvan learning ctrs, ss achve by leaps & bounds. W/this, we could pinpoint exactly where ss probs lie. If these aft sch tutor co. Partnered w/schools & backed by fed gov we could see all ss succeed!
Do you know how many public schools are without heat??
How about appoint a Secy of Ed who believes in public education and equal accessibility of education to all?
Education voucher, I would love to get my child out of the public school system.  Teachers cursing in school, bullying are just a few of the reasons why.
More support of our great public schools.
The first step would be for you to resign.  Are you feeling smug about purchasing a cabinet position? You are so unqualified and intellectually challenged that you would never have been chosen otherwise. History will not be kind to you.
Answer: Make it free. Employers benefit. Let all of them contribute. Oh, and, most important of all: RESIGN. You know jack-all about education.
Provide higher education to all Americans for free. Having to work through college, only to graduate with huge debt is one of the dumbest systems in the modern world.

We can rid of you to start! Anything thereafter would be an improvement
How about not tax graduate students subsidies as if it were income. Do more of: make higher education affordable. As for you: Just fucking quit already. You're an embarrassment.
Restore students' loan forgiveness when they're defrauded by for-profit "colleges."
First on your long list should be Ridding Our Schools Of the Liberal Brainwashing Educators Who Are indoctrinating Our Children with Their Hateful Ideologies From Grade School thru College & Punishing the students who won’t comply

How about you resign because you are grossly unqualified for this position? #RethinkSchool
Is it true children are FREEZING in classrooms with this weather
Include Hillsdalle College free courses on Constitution, etc. Mandatory in Public Schools.
@realDonaldTrump psychotically diverts attention while inept #DeVos crawls out from under a rock to introduce Bill #HR610 to the #House. #HR610 de-funds public schools & eliminates #ESSA, which guarantees equal education for all children. Call your reps; demand they  #VoteNoHR610
BRING back VOCATIONAL HIGH SCHOOLS    Train students for a career to make money and be independent.  Telling these kids with little interest in academics to go to college when they will fail and drop out is making banks and financial institutions rich BigBill to kid & parents
More online education performed by the best "global" instructors (mixed in with regular classroom instruction).
You don't want defrauded students to get all their money back, only partial debt relief. Said they shouldn't be entitled to free $. You just got a ridiculously large tax break you didn't need paid for by the middle class and are only rich bc you were born into a wealthy family.
You're also breaking the law. You can't change the law simply bc you don't like it.
Invest in early childhood education, fund public education in a sustainable way and ensure that all American children have access to a quality free education. This will lead to a blending of beautiful, innovative minds in higher ed.
invest in our kids.  In vocational training.  model it after Germany's system.   They know what they are doing.   
I realize it never impacted you, but for profit college frauding desperate, low income students has crippled our hopes of success.  Create a temporary forgiveness, build more STEM programs in HS, revive technical certificates.  We’re drowning out here
How about u resign, and go back to selling Amway products.  Pay to play the trump way.
Students need more connections and teachers need encouragement to learn new ways to teach.
Pay teachers more, many of us leave the field because we can't afford the job.  Decrease standardized testing.
Hire people who are competent for the job, starting with a secretary of education.
Teach them about real life. Teach them skills. Teach them more computer programming so they actually have a skill when they graduate.
Math in itself IS NOT a skill. I have a math degree. Good thing I learned programming.
Kids hate school. My daughter went from liking to hating it. She’s 13. How do we make learning fun again???? Interesting? Not 100% fun but school is a prison !! Attendance quotas!!
More physical education. More relaxed atmosphere. Some social time instead of 15/20min for lunch! Most high school students are under way too much pressure with no sleep.  School starts WAY too early for most. Bus comes 6:30. Long bus rides. Kids hate school
Please shorten the school day. Get rid of testing. Drop the advanced math but keep for engineering students. Make them read a lot more. And write. NO HOMEWORK. Kids are robbed of quality of life and sleep !!! Help us!!!!
It would be great if you could pay my student debt!

https://www.gofundme.com/betsydevoshelp 
Realize the value of Family and Consumer Sciences in public schools. Nutrition, cooking, finances, child development, parenting, relationships - core areas needed for all students. Plus innovation in Interior Design & Textile Design! #SayYesToFCS
As those pathways are developed, valued and secured at the secondary level, the doors open up opportunities in higher ed.
You're still here? How bout you give your job to someone who is actually qualified. #ByeFelicia
https://youtu.be/RkTbtZJj3V0  
Get rid of you.
When a rally in your honor is held you should show up.  Listen, then speak, then listen some more.  It will be a learning experience for you, Ms. Devos.
Be less cruel.
Public education is top heavy.  Eliminate the bureaucrats and eliminate 80% of the problem.   PC horse crap has to go now.  The BS where kids rule the classroom needs to end now! Prepare kids to enter middle income jobs when they leave.  Keep Trump’s promise for school vouchers!
My question is this:  You have more money than you can spend in ten lifetimes, a family and your health.  How exactly does destroying public education and hurting disadvantaged people make it on the bucket list for a person like you?  #Villainous #ResignBetsy #FireDeVos
Like you give a shit.
You do know that in many places, particularly rural areas, there is no choice of providers.
The best thing you can do personally is resign.
How about we remove protections so students who were scammed can't recover lost money. That's innovation.
Well we could do less of you and more of a Secretary of Education who isn’t incompetent.
Perhaps someone who truly cares about education, fairness, and equal opportunities should be running this department.
As a parent who has had kids in public and private school (both positive experiences), the government should put MORE emphasis in supporting and rebuilding our public education system (education for all) and LESS into supporting private schools (who educate whomever they choose).
By stopping your change on defrauded student loans
You are a horrible secretary of education. You don't deserve the title. The fact that you're making students pay back money students that were defrauded is ridiculous.. Why should they pay back money when they didn't get an education? You don't care about students at all.
Get off your private school kick and resign!
Hire qualified educated people?? #rethinkschool
All republicans can resign! That will be the most helpful.
You should resign! You are a monster... Not a bright one!
We can get ahead if you quit your job
How about supporting public education and not your for profit friends?
Stop allowing fake schools to defraud students and forcing students to pay a fraudulent debt anyway while allowing said fake schools to remain open and get away with fraud by the way what you are doing is ILLEGAL
Resign and be succeeded by a well qualified educator who has knowledge of and expertise in strategic policy that builds positive, powerful, available excellent education to all.. not just for elite psuedo religious-led right extremist
Well, The first positive step would be your resignation!
Have someone contact me and I will share the real problem that MUST be addressed first or you will continue to sling the same old crap that we have put band aids on for years. If you sat with me, you would be finally be enlightened as to the real problem.
Students who are at a point of despair....may hold one or more member of the Devos family to blame.
Instead of building, we need to demolish access barriers for students who aspire to attend a top quality college. Let’s start with affordability, and work from there #edpolicy #FAchat #HigherEd
Not have wildly unqualified people holding major positions of power and influence over a system they know nothing about (i.e. look in the mirror, then kindly get out).
First of all, resign. You are the greatest impediment to education. You know nothing about schools, despite your "generous" work with individuals. You need to make it all work. You can't do that. You're a hired hack. Feeling good about helping one black kid isn't enough.
Maybe all of us in horrible debt should just sell Amway to pay off our loans!
Firing you would be a great start.

Register to vote. Get two friends registered to vote. Throw a voter registration party. 

At the end of the day, this administration is bad for you, it’s bad for us,…
Protect special education for those with learning differences in public schools. Autism doesn’t look like what you think. #AutismAwareness
Your resignation would be a step in the right direction.
To start with, you can resign! #FakeChristian
Forgive defrauded students and resign as the secretary of education, as you are miserably unqualified and just plain evil.
Start by forgiving student debt when preyed upon by for profit ( like Trump U ) schools. Evil witch
Delete your account
Give the teachers more freedom to teach critical thinking. We are hemmed in by the standards testing!
Teach the students who go to PWI about all walks of life, not just the one of the majority. ie. Slavery, genocide of native Americans, civil rights, women’s rights
Do more hiring of QUALIFIED individuals. Fire YOU!  STOP the disparaging behaviors.
College college.  Have school buses at high schools carrying sophomores, Juniors, and seniors that qualify to finish their last year's in high school in college instead for free
If you spent your time, energy, and money on pre-school, primary school, lowering class sizes, through high school, you wouldn’t need to worry about higher education. Worry about the problem lady! You didn’t know about the tax bill!
Get a new secretary of Education who has knowledge of the position. Someone not trying to put students in so much debt they will spend years trying to pay back ( i realize it is your interest to make as much money as you can by screwing them over) find a way to assist students
With their debt to have a chance to further their future hell my child is $ 30k in debt and my husband and I are $25k so his education for 4 yrs is $55k.  Without interest.  Not everybody has billions to spend.  Maybe stop with the hatred and discrimination as it causes damage
To a student in so many ways.  Mentally physically and socially so stop pushing the white supremacy BS in colleges and allow these ppl to learn to live with diversity.  Maybe you could get out in the world and see that ppl learn by others especially those who have different
Backgrounds and social standing as well as sexual preferences.  College is not about white supremacy nor is it about communism its about diversity education and growth.   Stop pushing your belifs on ppl who have been taught that this country accepts others and loves them anyway
We dont sit around and find reasons to promote failure as the trump administration is working toward.  Jesus ate with the sinners not the saints the sinners needed his grace the saints knew his grace.   Or in my Bible thats how it read.  Think about it.
The opposite of EVERYTHING you have done and are doing: invest in public schools and teachers, roll back standardized testing and hire actual educators to oversee the @usedgov.
Start processing the student loan forgiveness you were tasked to review. Students were preyed upon by criminal, fake schools. You are being sued because you owned those institutions. There are lawsuits naming Devos.
Getting idiots like you out of the federal government would be a good start.
KOCH BROTHERS ARE CITIES' NEW OBSTACLE TO BUILDING BROADBAND
Why do Kochs hate America? How much is enough? Greed is a disease.
You are a monster. #LockHerUp
Federal Government should have ZERO to do w Education. Leave it to the States. Have you abolished Common Core ?
Too many people blame standards for what they do not control. Offer ways for anyone to be included in ed reforms & allow anyone to benefit. Should allow anyone to benefit from any standards from any state.
Focus on this mission: research & inform. Major problems can be avoided when local parents, educators & news media are properly informed. The public needs to know why standards exist & how they work.
Slash and burn common core. Introduce Trachtenberg method and/or Vedic math.
Teachers & textbooks choose methods. Trachtenberg & Vedic can be used with Common Core like other methods. Appreciate recommendations.
They will probably be treated as convoluted as any unfamiliar method.
That's like Kandy Cote painting a Yugo. Furthermore, leaving education to teachers has caused nothing but problems and turned our schools into secular Bolshevik monasteries. 
Add more arts curriculum to to schools.  It gives the students a more well rounded approach to life after school.
Why doesn't your husband disband Blackwater Security??
Support student loan forgiveness and lower prices for admission.
I think you should allocate more funds to public schools instead of favoring private schools. Not everyone was born with a silver spoon & public schools need our support & funding. Teachers need to be able to write off buying school supplies- a lot of that is out of pocket.
You can resign. Pence had to vote you in. A first for Dept of Ed. College students disrespect you. Another first. You've zero education experience. Still another first. You aren't wanted or appreciated or liked. You suck up money w/Secret Service. Fiscally irresponsible. Nasty
Federal government can do more to kick you to the curb and do more about getting somebody competent.
Betsy is there any way to strip out leftist ideology from our education?
Evolution has been proven to be a false hypothesis. I am concerned that tha the majority of teachers have a pro Marxist world view? How can we eradicate those false doctrines from school system?
I think the community of teachers have already spoken out about what you can do and what you can't do? Ignorance or just avoidance Betsy?
You are not well liked.  Money can't buy this.
Graduating students turn their backs on Betsy DeVos at University of Baltimore — https://shareblue.com/graduating-students-turn-their-backs-on-betsy-devos-at-university-of-baltimore/ … #Shareblue
Can you get rid of common core please!!
We made a mistake when we banned prayer from the school day. We became so concerned about PC that we threw out the golden rule, kindness and respect.
I took my children out of public school and placed them in private Christian school because I wanted them to be in an environment of decency. Not sure how teachers can enforce manners, respect and morality if it’s not happening at home.
Sadly, the government has tried to step in the place of failed parenting in order to level the playing field for everyone. Dr. Ben Carson is a great illustration of the power of a great mother who enforced reading and homework.
Bring shop class, in the form of learning basic manufacturing techniques and modern factory management, back to the high schools.
Fire you and stop @usedgov and @Navient from double charging #students for interest like a payday loan scam. Stop waging class warfare
Don't let your friends tax student loans, actually FUND public education, and don't combine church & education!    Oh, and #resign would be a good innovative idea too!
Fire you.
Continue our student loan forgiveness programs so our teachers can afford to not take a second job
Close tje Department of education and return education ro tje states wjjere it belongs
The federal government could do a lot more to protect infant boys from GENITAL MUTILATION/"CIRCUMCISION"! Betsy, PLEASE use your influence to push for a CIRCUMCISION BAN & government funding for Foregen to use tissue regeneration to regenerate our foreskins & make us whole again!
Get rid of common core! Defund schools who receive taxpayers  to teach hatred for . Colleges/Schools receiving our money to BRAINWASH our children with their LIBERAL propaganda! 
DRAIN the SWAMP RATS. From the Eduacational Swamp!
OUR children are not learning the basic Math, Reading, English, & our  History unless translated by liberal ideology!
Liberalism is dumbing down our kids. Making them offended melting  ! Politics & personal ideology should not be allowed in our Educational institutions!
Seeing your feeble attempt at political theory is the intellectual equivalent of watching a mouse try to solve a rubix cube.
You R inspiration to us all! You show us grammar and punctuation don’t count- anyone can be Queen of Education!Prayers!#MAGA
Quit focusing on standardized tests.  Have more educators making the education laws, NOT business people.
Look Betsy, you have a kindred clueless spirit!
MUST WATCH: Republican @SenJohnKennedy asks one of @realDonaldTrump’s US District Judge nominees basic questions of law & he can’t answer a single one. Hoo-boy. 
Perhaps the federal government should be protecting diversity & science & technology rather than trying to drive us back into the Stone Age. Among other things, this administration is more focused on coal mining & drilling jobs than developing new energy tech. #RethinkResigning
.  We must first define and better succeed at lower school prior to determining outcomes at the College level youth unprepared.
The Federal Government should do more to aid struggling PUBLIC schools and pay you a lot less.
We rethought this part of school, we just haven't had the pleasure of being able to show you and explain all the benefits yet https://studentrunbusiness.com 
https://twitter.com/realamericam1/status/942177085849706497 …
We humbly ask you to give us that opportunity, your schedulers have said no so far...
Support and fund public education the way the law intends.
Fed gov needs to increase per student dollars. Per student $ should be equal for every child not by zip code.
Are you kidding me! Let's begin with a person or persons in charge of education who have no business being in charge of education!#RethinkSchool #innovation
Install a qualified, credentialed, experienced Secretary of Education. Not you, who are an opportunistic hack. #notmysecofed
More project based, critical thinking. Less  rote memory. Apprenticeships w many industries.Allow early specialization-art,STEM,Humanities
Art class
Get rid of you!
How about funding education so there can be staff to actually provide all of the individual attention you are advocating students receive. Currently impossible with 30 students & 1 teacher.
Any questions?
Teach school age children that college will just financially ruin your life and you are better off learning a trade rather than going to Some private school like Union College to learn some dumb major like Art History that you'll never get a career in and end up $100,000 in debt.
