@BetsyDeVosED @BetsyDeVos,  U'r personally benefiting w/every change you make. Shame on u for redirecting tax $ into your pockets.
How does visiting this school line her pockets?
It doesn't;however, restructuring to a voucher system puts tax money directly into the pockets of Betsy & her friends w/ no accountability.
That's a bit cynical. I don't know of a single charter in my home state that has any link to Betsy
But let's say her friends are enriched, for arguments sake. If the schools are performing, kids learning, parents happy... is there a prob?
Take a look at Michigan and how successful her involvement was. There will be no accountability for poor outcomes. She'll keep making $$.
NYC charters, magnets and privates are WAY outperforming public schools, which by the way are the highest funded in the nation.
May the Love of God be w/our children & may they Be taught to Love one another with respect for rule of law & consequences for bad behavior
How about focusing on excellent public schools and paying teachers appropriately?
That's your school districts responsibility.
It's not the U.S. DOE's responsibility to focus on excellent public schools? Oh, my friend. That's exactly their responsibility.
My comment was more about the pay aspect.
@DunkinDonuts your logo is being hijacked. Or is this a corporate partnership. schools soon to run on Dunkin? #devos #teachersvsgrizzlies
Will you be visiting public schools?
#RethinkDeVos.  #unqualified. #swampwater filled by #ivorytowerelitistcoward who bought seat. Pathetic. No honor.
How did you like the protesters??? LOL
Not today, Satan.
Another private school....I really should stop hoping you actually care, shouldn't I.

Trying to kill public schooling?
ReThinkSchool is a system designed to allow the indoctrination of children instead of educating them to think for themselves.
No federal or state dollars for religious schools! They pay no taxes and religiously educating your kid is your choice!
Yay! Visiting all schools... EXCEPT public schools right @BetsyDeVosED ? Because God forbid they show you how dedicated those teachers are.
Will St. Mary's ask what Ms. DeVos is doing to help all American children get equal levels of education from all public schools?
wow how much are you wasting of tax payer money
As a Nebraskan-- we are thrilled to have you here!
She goes to Bellevue east shes one dead Bitch trust me I know everyone in that school nobody likes her at all
Pay teachers better by getting rid of SOCIALIST special interest unions & and over payed corrupt administrator's
Dont burst into flames when you cross the threshold!

#DumpDeVos
#PaytoPlay
#RethinkDeVos
Your focus should be on making public schools better!!Separation of church and state
God forbid you visit another public school!
O RLY?
