The entire country is in the path of #HurricaneTrump what are you going to do about that?
Horrifying, POTUS attempts to show compassion for Americans in danger and some heartless nutcases turn it into dim witted political issue.
Some folks want to drag the whole country down just because their agenda isn't in place.  Sad
Trump has brought our country down with hatred, sexism & racism. his only agenda is personal profit. if you cant see that then you are blind
He has renounced hate groups on several occasions.  He has never supported them. His plans are supporting job growth.
He apologized for what  he said many years ago and hasn't done it since.  
My soul isn't sick and I  am not stupid.
And the news... the news you keep calling #fakenews
That's because it is. Their own fault for lying.
For lying about #hurricaneharvey2017?
And I wouldn't know if they've lied about the hurricane because I don't watch them anymore.
Pretty amazing that you know that they lie but you don't know what they've said... good on you ;)
I didn't say that. I just said I don't watch them anymore. Didn't give a timeline.
Sorry, I just find it amazing that the ppl that hate the #msm love a president who habitually lies every chance he gets.
When has @POTUS lied? All #MSM talks about is how unhinged he is. They think they can narrate what we are to believe as if it's gospel.
Gointanamo prison
Trumptards
Do you mean the FEMA director?? Oh wait...you never appointed one. SMH
Not very bright are you? What happened you didn't check your updated talking points from the dnc? #Cheappoliticalpointfail
Texas is refusing to close Customs and Border Patrol checkpoints during #HurricaneHarvey, putting undocumented families in grave danger.
Battle On Mr President
Say, is @FEMA in any way preparing for this? Inquiring minds want to know.
Yesterday -& today.
Just send $19.99 to Donald J. Trump c/o Save Trump's Corpus Christi Resort
Act now & we'll ship a bottle of Trump wine, a Trump steak, a degree from Trump U. & 2 tickets on the Trump Air shuttle. Just pay postage!
Don't forget a fabulous night at Trump Atlantic City casinos. The Orange menace just bankrupted the Secret Service with all his golf trips

Good luck! Nous pensons à vous!
You and your Amway criminal empire will soon come down. I remember as a child your co pushing that crappy soap recruiting white supremacy
Abbott said LEAVE,then: Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner on Friday tweeted "please think twice before trying to leave Houston en masse."
Poor @realDonaldTrump. Our Narcissist-In-Chief is probably pissed off the storm wasn't named after him! #InsanePOTUS
Too bad you're not in the path you orange skinned chuck.
If you're in the path of the White House and you're black or Hispanic, God help you.
Or LGBTQ.
Maybe you should get the FEMA director involved, oh that's right we don't have one.
This is your Democrats and your human rights
What????
Can't you name it Hillary? Just because you people like to blame her and Obama for all your own failures....this one will be epic.
Actually our Narcissist-In-Chief wants it named after him. After all, doesn't the universe revolve around @realDonaldTrump? #InsanePOTUS
Cause there dang sure ain't no national-level leadership.
How so?
Oh, you poor victim. 
Yeah, right as if @realDonaldTrump cares about us or anyone other than himself.
No that is right we already have a brain don't need another, thanks.
thanks dog i was just about to go fishing
White House speak ----> Stay safe = good luck
Soros is probably one of the biggest terrorist we got the seems to head most of it
The local officials may have been labeled is fake news..these poor people won't believe anything they hear anymore thanks to your President!
Blez u all stay safe
What unless your not white, what about those people? Cause we know you don't like them?
With trump no one is safe.
far-rights will vanquish.
white lives
But @realDonaldTrump is forgetting that it is the cold dead Moon which is covering the warm life giving Sun for a short period of time.
Thank you for getting the word out, now teach them about standing water as there's going to be 4' of rain, and 10 foot surges!
You forgot Trumps remarks: AND GOOD LUCK
Crooks.

Fuck trump. Really.
Like RACIST Traitor Trump really cares. He's only interested in pardoning his racist and treasonous friends and family. #ImpeachTrump
Thanks Mitch you are so wonderful.
And what shall we do in the path of #blowhard @realDonaldTrump
#HurricaineHarvey Fake News if you believe the mm.
@realDonaldTrump gave you the path to victory when all said the Dems. were going to take the Senate then you turn around and screw him over.

HA! YOU'RE telling people to avert a disaster? Don't you have an administration of disasters
@POTUS @VP
#TrumpProvenRacist
But....science???? #ImpeachTrumpNow #fundNOAA  you see the WORST administration. @realDonaldTrump #NotMyPresident
Wow, such leadership, is that all the WH has?!  We know there is no FEMA director so there is no federal aid to offer!  PATHETIC!
like they care
Oh wow that helpful
This will end your presidency
You thought we would not notice
We know you pardoned that racist , one of your own . You proved you are a racist
I am praying for Texas and that they listen, evacuate and everyone is safe
Why is there no FEMA director.... 
There is: Head of FEMA is Brock Long
Texas Governor Greg Abbott announced he spoke to President Trump yesterday and FEMA is already sending out supplies:
lol
Because the federal government is already swamped.
National Guard and Air national guard are already in place as is FEMA
We are all prepared for it normal times here in Texas where we have tornadoes and hurricanes thank you #whitehouse for having our backs
Good advice.  You won't get any useful information from the mental midgets in the WH.
Do you cast lots to get info for http://ready.gov ? We wouldn't want actual SCIENCE to play into what's happening to earth.
and when the power goes out, the cell towers are down how they gonna check http://ready.gov/hurricanes  ?
It's on CNN so it must be fake news. All Trump voters must go out onto the beaches and scream fake news and it will go away.
Your so f profound!
Thank you! And If you're in the path of #Mueller, stay safe and listen to directions of local officials. Check #impeachtrump for updates.
But the path is known via science...climate science that you say is FAKE!!! SAD!!!
Well, we saw it on CNN, but since you said they are fake, we are not listening to their advice.
But don't look to us, because the buffoon in chief hasn't appointed anyone to head FEMA.

Texas has requested a Presidential Disaster Declaration as Hurricane #Harvey is set to make landfall. http://bit.ly/2wux8II 

TX Sens @tedcruz & @JohnCornyn send ltr to Pres Trump asking for a major disaster declaration ahead of #Harvey landfall: 
If you're still in the path of the hurricane you're stupid. In California we would love to have three or days notice an earthquake is coming
Also, good luck.
Thank you Mr. Vice President. Please send prayers our way.
#GRABTHEIRPUSSIES
I'm surprised that President Trump is not being blamed for the hurricane.
"...Because them local officials are all you've got because we here at the White House are ill equipped to help you in any way"
Or as @POTUS said, "Good luck."
God bless Texas and USA
What if we're in the path of @realDonaldTrump? Can you provide relief via the #25thAmendment?
@VP PENCE PEOPLE HAVE COMMON SENSE MOSTLY AND DO WHAT THEY CAN IN DISASTERS. TEND YOUR WH HURRICANE AFFECTING AMERICA
@donkilmer  Or, watch the weather channel, think for yourself, and protect your family and property using your own intuition and muscle....
Or is it just "Fake News" from all those scientists?
To lessen the severity of hurricane trump, resist and stand up for what's right
Confused. Since everything is opposite from Trump, does this mean "don't" listen. You need to have some1 else speak when telling the truth.
And don't forget, you're on your own since there isn't a FEMA director!
Or you can just hop on the Trump Train, stick your head in the sand, and yell FAKE NEWS!
Unless you're undocumented then shelter in place to avoid the Customs and Immigration checkpoints that TX keeps in place to protect us fromU
Reminds me of the recording I get when I call to report a power outage - that website ain't gonna do a bit of good if we can't get to it.
You do realize that people won't be able to tweet when the hurricane hits

You mean Nazi House?
Wait for it - the Dems are getting ready to blame the President for HaricaneHarvey 
Let me guess this was posted by some NO-NAME... White House official who has ABSOLUTELY no clue about hurricanes? Am I right or am I right?
LOL, clicked on the link and apparently... "Hurricanes are massive storm systems that form over the water and move toward land" Had no idea.


Why doesn't the media tune in on what is important to regular Americans. Stop the hate reporting. Focus on news and the positive.
What positive.  Name one thing.
@realDonaldTrump  hasn't staffed the agencies who respond to natural disasters. This one is on him.
Good grief. The country is focused on HurricaneHarvey press conference 'reporters' want to focus on Charlottesville & President comments!
Because the admin is all over hurricane so there's no story unless Russians start flying out of the epicentre. Then they'll rename it Ivan.
Unless you are an undocumented immigrant. Right?
Keeping open border patrols? This is terrorism. 
The Government of the United States of America is a TERRORIST organization.
Over 1000 lies from Trump and you want us to believe you SAD
'Cause ain't gonna do anything.
That's what your god gives you for bulling LGBTQ+ youth.
Not surprised you are not prepared
And follow the tweets from Donald Trump who cares about you and is sending help...someday...maybe..,probably playing golf though..
Make sure u tell @POTUS TO BE KIND watch his words and be timely.
Keep looking as Trump & Pence has cut the funding to help their agenda to hurt Americans as ordered by Putin
Yea like staring at the sun?
What's the game plan for the hurricane occupying the White House? #FakePresident #actualworst
Well if only we had a FEMA director! What is he sending his Nazi Brown Shirts to help? Fuck Ya boss and you for spreading lies for him!
if you are in the path of the hurricane don't count on Nazi boy to do anything for you. he's got his gold vultures in the WH and he's happy.
you are not ready. you don't have any idea what you are doing. You are an incompetent and a liar. And illiterate too. Or is that two? Or to?
And who is the director of FEMA again? No one, oh that's comforting. Say,did you lube the slide into third world status,because it's so fast
Unless the official is trump, the put your head between your legs and kiss your ass goodbye
Yes, because there's no one home on the Federal level
Advice from a man who looks into the sun and had t bothered to hire a FEMA Director. Pathetic!
Still gonna call it fake news?
How many will you deport if they use the shelters?
Still gonna call it fake news?
Why don't you walk straight into it and save the country it's dignity...
...Because @WhiteHouse has no idea what to do for you

How much did HC spend on her failed run....good meme
Last I checked winner is determined via electoral college....are we gonna change that now to suit our needs, say yes it wouldn't surprise me
Immigrants will die because of ur politics! Their afraid to go 2 shelters. The blood will b on ur administrations hands. Go tell Mother that
listen to directions resign... all of you

Sea surface temperatures are directly correlated with hurricane strength, and are rising due to climate change.
#hurricaneharvey an example of the deep state weaponizing weather. #obama rode  a blimp, seeded the clouds so mexicans would blow into tx.
Any special instructions for the undocumented ppl in the hurricane's path?
Yes, laugh at the racists with flags as you survive and they don't because you had to, to get here.

Praying those in the path of the storm will evacuate and not put the lives of first responders in danger rescuing them from their stupidity
Listen to local officials. Is that your way of saying "Don't listen to our insane moronic president "?
Hurricane Donald is way worse for this country!!!

#Impeach45
Repeal or Special Council just happen!
& trump can't wait to leave WH again to go to Camp David, cuz nothing says caring like golf.
Well is Friday after a week of screwing up..he needs a vacation. He is a damn retiree he needs to #Resign . He has regressed to toddler age!
.except @POTUS shutdown website & dismantled office oops 
You forgot to tell them you'll page trump on the golf course if needed.
You say "local media" as well
