How about PUBLIC schools? That's your JOB!
FULLY FUND PUBLIC EDUCATION; advocate for that!! #DumpTrump #dumpdevos
You should come to the public school where I teach we're improving education as well.Would be even better ifyou had our backs with funding!
Well said Laura!!
Another Trump disaster.I guess if you don't educate people it improves the chances of republicans staying in power.
Did you go to school?  Ever
Nah. She bought her diplomas.
#RethinkDeVos
The looks on the faces of the children who couldn't give any less of a fuck really are stunning.
Wow never heard of a public school with a ST in the name.
It’s unconscionable that our top Education official won't commit to speaking out against discriminatory policies:
How in gods name do we look a child in the eye when we allow this .Im so disgusted I dont even know what say.
Don't cry snowflake, #MAGA!
1 talks the other acts it out.  Obviously, you don't know the difference.  The Saul Alinsky tactic sure worked on you! 
Please- just join the board of NAIS and let someone who cares about PUBLIC EDUCATION take over.
Fantastic.
Keep Up Good Fight 4 Intelligence by God's Design!
Why aren't you going to a NY Public School??
Great question  Chris!
Funded by the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA), this is not a public school funded by taxes dum dum
I didn't know you were a deadhead, Betsy. There's hope for you yet! #betsylovesjerry
So glad your in office, can't wait for you to start dismantling the social engineering machine!!
We have to have a Betsy teaching more than red white & blue. She's doing her best way for me is sitting in the classroom, too. @SenStabenow

Dear @BetsyDeVosED,Please view and reply to: http://www.stringquest.com/betsy-devos-vision-proposal … Emailed @usedgov 
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse please assist - thanks! 
I feel like Elizabeth Warren should be visiting this school
Please, stop undermining our public schools!!  Have you looked at the Finland model?
Educate yourself!
No grizzlies here. No wall or fence required. My job is done.
You know nothing about honor. Honor would be disclosing why your brother, United Arab Prince met with Russian guy our intel caught you all
You are a rapists dream for a Secretary of Education.
You still exist?????
#RethinkDeVos
You are to education what aids was to the gay community Quit now.

#ReThinkDeVos
Are you sure these are American Indians and not white! They must have had white kids present hence your confusion?
#RethinkDeVos

You are destroying education. Why do you advocate for rapists and abusers and take rights away from victims and survivors?
I LOVE the three pictures you aren't in.
What a great photo op!
You have NONE
#AmericaDeservesBetterThanYOU
You are 
Oh are you visiting public schools Betsy or just the elite schools?
Notice the only kid smiling is doing it bc shes getting her pic taken? All of their parents warned them about your bs already.
Betsy, you are the WORST example of education.  Please just shut up and resign.  You make yourself look uber foolish.
Betsy DeVos has never held a job that she got through merit. Even her supporters don't seriously challenge that statement.
No amount of photo ops will change the fact that you are less qualified for your job than a freshman college student majoring in education.
YOU ARE AN UNQUALIFIED HACK AND SHOULD NOT BE IN OFFICE!!
It's all so interesting and new to a neophite such as yourself. You must be amazed.
No thanks to you and your warped ideals.  Please resign. We don't want you to decide the fate of our students.
Great Betsy!
CHRISTIAN WITCH
And thousands ARE getting school regardless of Gov't controls. #HomeschoolRocks
Why should she take the honor? The 'honor' goes to the administrators, teachers and students.
I am only liking this b/c it is about American Indian children, not b/c I support anything @BetsyDeVosED  does. My heart is with these kids.
As a Native American w/a PhD in education I hope her understanding of American Indian schools is better than her understanding of HBCUs
Money says no..   but maybe she will see a bear.
Please resign.  You are not qualified for this position.
Oh you poor miserable thing!
Hey Betsy have you toured any public schools, good or failing? I must have missed those photo ops. Sec. Of Ed. For all kids? Sadly, no.
FWIW: this school grads. abt 60% of its students w/ an avg. ACT score of 14.7. I understand tough enviro., but NOT "tradition of excellence"
OH DAMN IT! WE ARE NOT TOKENS.

DeVos takes her untruthful plan to real Natives.
Why do you only visit (pose for photo ops) at private and charter schools? Go visit all the great PUBLIC schools that you slam.
do the parents of those little girls know you side with rapists or are you just keeping it a college "surprise!"?
I think your thinking of Hillary
Oh look queen Betsy shoving religious charter schools down our throats. Nope not gonna happen your crazy old woman #paytoplay

Donald Trump Could Make Schools More Dangerous | Teen Vogue
Senate Democrats 'deeply troubled' by 'racist, bigoted' views shared by Trump education appointees http://politi.co/2jYsGeb  via @politico
The DeVos Dynasty: A Family of Extremists -
Resegregation Nancy
Cool! Get rid of standardized testing, so public schools can #ReThinkSchool Innovation. Raising the bar. We do that well! DOE holds us back
#ReThinkDeVos
You work hard. Glad you like your job but how do I get support to continue education
How many people in that braintrust of yours did it take to come up w/that hashtag? And how many times did you debate capitalizing the T?
Do you intend to further promote rapists' rights on your tour?
Looks like its the first time you have ever been in a classroom before.
Wait, so a school can improve education without the interference of a government hell bent on defunding it?
You leave out the last 4 words... The answer is 'yes'.
#DumpDeVoss
A school started by a Jesuit priest  of course you support that. Just not the women who is raped on a college campus. Unqualified Devos !!!
And thanks to school administrators for fending off the grizzly bears.
I bet the grizzly bears know the difference between growth and proficiency.
Have u checked to see if there are any public schools worthy of praise? Probably not. Sad
great pretender.  you're a fraud.
God Bless you..Please get rid of Common Core..n communist teachers
If your having trouble with communism teachers maybe you should move out of China
Just quit
Pay for play...America needs to stand up and REJECT Betsy DeVos
Assuming that you've still NEVER stepped foot in a public school? Or thought about kids who aren't from rich parents like you were?
Looking forward to your continued leadership for sane a American Education system..Thank you.

Thank our lucky stars for intelligent STATE LEADERS

#DeVosMustResign
THANK YOU @BetsyDeVosED FOR GUIDING OUR YOUTH BACK INTO THE LIGHT #RETHINKSCHOOL 
@realDonaldTrump
What light would that be ?
just LOCKER ROOM TALK
Fuck you very much, Betsy.
School choice is great as long it does not cut into public school budgets.
The only choice Devos wants us to have is religious school or religious school lol
DACA? You've been silent.
Thanks for supporting #SchoolChoice. Education should not be tied to zip code.

How are you improving education for American students? What are you doing to ensure all income levels receive the same education?
Do they have guns to shoot the bears?
Resign
