HISD campuses and offices are closed all week due to Tropical Storm Harvey. We will re-open Tuesday 9/5.  #HISD #TeamHISD
Thinking of the students, but not victims of sex crimes. Right. Brilliant. Can't wait til ur silly ass is GONE.
Thanks for all you do!
She does nothing!
She does photo ops.
Why is everyone in this administration tone-deaf?
Maslow is a little out of date, but not for this tweet.
Such empty comments!  Making smarmy comments about Texas as you continue to work to destroy the public school system!
This is how out of touch you are.  These people lives have been devastated and this is what you tweet.  Go back to your gold palace.
Hey, go and take some Amway products to give for the clean up!
No, they don't work.

Funny, most 45 supporters are asses. This picture proves it.
They will not be safe so long as you side with rapists and roll back Title IX.
Thinking???? Don't hurt yourself!
No DACA No Affirmative action Colleges more White No Birth Control No Abortion College Rape ok White College Rape Babies increase @GOP Base!
When did the word teacher stop getting used? Is "educators" the business title of for profit bs-schools?
Maybe some of your billions could help a little more than your thoughts?!?? Just maybe.
Paying4 your job with 100mil in campaign donations doesn't make u qualified 4 your position Only makes u a slime in it 4the perks
Despicable
hmmm for some reason i dont believe kids are ever on your mind.
But not the public school ones, right Betsy?  They are still useless to you.
Stay SAFE?!  Says the woman who wants to protect sexual predators and blame victims on college campuses. #GFY
She is still here??? 
Unfortunately
Betsy, Betsy - you make REAL educators vomit with your stupidity and fake interest.  Resign!
when are U going to put an end to this transgender crap?!? We DO NOT want our children learning in this environment!! NO BALANCED CALANDER!!
Watch out for Grizzly bears.

Where is the end of common core? Should showed on news,Mi kids not doing well,in education,Get rid of Common Core,like promised
Home school your kids
Has ONE SINGLE Marxist Feminist been evicted from a public school or university since you were HIRED?  NO?  Then you're failing!
Are those the teachers whose unions you are trying to bust that you are giving well wishes?  Seems a bit contradictory!
You need to help public schools and do what the president ran on. Stop Common Core.bring back The Pledge of A in the classroom America First
Close All Colleges! Close All Schools! Shut Down Funding all Schools! Till All Leftists have lost their jobs!!! No More Taxpayer money!
God speed. America stands with Texas at this sad time.
Thinking of way to convince them to attend DeVos Failure Factories like the ones in Michigan?
go away. please just go away. you are a black eye to educators everywhere.

Teachers & students are always eager to learn and receive a quality education. Support public school funding to keep their dreams alive.
Did you think of them when you decided to cut funding and monetize the ed system? Or when you rolled back protections for trans students?
