You're a disgrace. Tapping someone found guilty of defrauding countless students to be in charge of policing fraud in higher ed? Resign.
@BetsyDeVosED  spent too much money to do that.  She'll only be removed when @realDonaldTrump and @VP are gone.  Keep the pressure up
The best job her money could buy. She wouldn't last a day in a classroom.
Right!
I really hope you get caught in the russia scandal too and lose your entire fortune with your criminal brother. Let your greed destroy you.
You're crooked and self-serving. https://www.buzzfeed.com/mollyhensleyclancy/betsy-devos-hiring-of-a-former-for-profit-college-dean-to?utm_term=.cfa2w5ZeE … via @mollyhc
Wherever you're able=not happening. Snake.
SEEKING RAPISTS TO ATTEND COLLEGE. THE DOJ WILL REPRESENT YOU IN COURT. 'tRUMP RAPE TEAM' WILL RECEIVE As JUST LIKE FOOTBALL PLAYERS.
Is there something specific we can help you with?
Nice words, "wherever we're able", means your screwed.
Trump admin appoints ex-dean of college busted for fraud to run student aid fraud office:
Oh Betsy, put on your BIG GIRL PANTIES and make a decision that BENEFITS REAL AMERICA not your rich colleagues!  https://twitter.com/Keys_Gamarra 
You are ruining our public schools. If I want my children to learn religious books I know where the church is. No tax $ for religious studie
Maybe try loan forgiveness for a change...oh but you're in for profit , nevermind. You're one of many in the basket of deplorables.
No one noticed that u handed the Fraud unit 2 a man whose schools are under investigation. What's it at 100mil? Can't wait til u go to jail!
Introducing Donald DeVos.
What?  "Wherever we're able?"  

How about heading down there with all your millions and get your hands dirty helping people!
She will get stuck in the mud just like Melania wearing her heels.
Sure.  And it you believe that she's got a bridge she wants to sell you - cheap.
Hey Betsy, the entire country thinks you suck. Resign!
Trump University paid $25M for defrauding students.

DeVry paid $100M for defrauding students.

Mr. President, stop the madness.

After the flood-waters recede, watch as DeVos and her school privatization efforts ramp up in #Houston.  Happened in N.O. after #Katrina
You haven't seen a single public school while you waste taxpayer money in Florida touring private schools. Can you explain that?
Why you are wasting taxpayer money touring private schools in Florida when the department of education is responsible for PUBLIC schools?
.@USEDGOV & @FAFSA will adjust deadlines & provide flexibility wherever we're able for those impacted by @BetsyDeVosED and other disasters.
The deadline for invoking the #25thamendment is TODAY! It must not wait for the floods to recede or the Reichstag Fire.
Don't trust a word out of your mouth!!! Whatever you do benefits YOU & never the students!!! Shame on YOU!!!
So kind of you. 

P.S. GRIZZLIES ON THE LOOSE!
How about not trying to bust up public schools teachers unions?  That would be alot more helpful!
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan discussed,one of the biggest natural disaster in US history by #HurricaneHarvey ,alert,emergency
Must be nice to be wealthy and flee to the hamptons or Europe to avoid catastrophe
"Whenever you are able" means what, Betsy? Are you going to forego interest on loans of disaster victims?
Thank you!
People will have NOTHING months and years to come.
Give the unfortunate scrappings, eh?
Just like your BUFFOON boss @realdonaldtrump.
Do us all a favor and go down there and step off a bridge into the water

You're terrible.
Oh look! She spoke?
Didn't do anything about public schools! Close All Colleges! Close All Schools! Shut Down Funding all Schools!
Will you educate young Americans on climate change or is that still a hoax?
Aren't you going to lose money??! Heaven forbid!! 

#DumpDeVos
I really don't think people are thinking about this right now. I think food and shelter are on their minds right now.
But when they do it will be ready for them
Buying your position with 100mil in campaign donations doesn't make u qualified for job It only makes u a despicable slime in it 4 the perks
I don't believe a word u say..
Thank you for the decent thing.
Yank student loans from students who vandalized & riot & institutions who host them
Resign
You mean, drop-dead deadlines for one of the many private student loan collection companies you own, Sec. DeVos? #GOPCorruption
That's a good first step. You should also consider protecting PSLF programs for graduates to provide relief on student loan debt.
