Freeman High School is not part of @spokaneschools. It's in Freeman School District.
Seriously! A leader of education should be able to fact check info about a school.  Educate yourself before misrepresenting the facts 
Like 44 stating (5//92008)there were 57 states.
I am correcting a mistake. I live here.
Well it is time for 44 to correct his! Just 9 years late.
Go tweet him then.
Wondering if someone can give their respects and condolences without having venom spewed on them. Its called having compassion.
#SoSad
The compassion is shallow when she advocates guns in schools!
They don't need you prayer when you advocate for guns in schools. This is hipicrisy at its best & the affected people don't need your lies.
What's devastating is your policy to allow accused rapists to interrogate their accusers.
That in bill of right .  You have the right to face your accuser . Never thought that would be a bad thing
I’m in CA, please eradicate the lies of ISLAM from the classroom! They have no business being taught to any students!
Was there a bear?
Yes, a tragedy that you & the GOP will perpetuate through your NRA owned politics. #shame
Stop praying. Start acting.
If my son has bronchitis and his doctor ordered him to stay home, is it ok for Texas High School to force my son to show up to school?
It would be so much more useful if you all would stop praying and actually DID something to end gun violence.
And Every Towns data is not credible #tryagain go to http://bearingarms.com  for the real truth.
Maybe do better research and repost this one, dear.  You *should* have gotten it right the first time, but we understand because it's you.

Please support gun control and fact-checking.  Thank you.
Your prayers will do a lot.
Freeman isn't part of @spokaneschools. Should have done your homework. Thanks for ingratiating yourself on our tragedy tho.
"Prayers" have never saved lives. Stand up for gun control and helping people with mental illness.
#FreemanHighSshool shooting a #Lie just like #MPHS  & #SandyHook #WashingtonState must have a measure they want passed with the Nov election
Apparently need to click  on status link where it says Tweet unavailable because in #USA social media like @TwitterSupport censors #Truth
Oh well. That's the price you pay for good 2nd Amendment bear protection, right Betz?
Was there a grizzly bear in the school?!
Sad
stop praying and help DO something to keep guns out of schools #gunsense #NotOneMore
How about supporting gun control? The USA has the highest rate of mass shootings in the world. Spokane's shooting could've been prevented!
It was a gun free zone where the shooting occurred, it's not her fault, what if he drove his truck through there?? Car control then?
Too bad you don't care about LGBTQIA students or students that are victims of sexual assault.
FYI. Tweets are made with letters usually. We use a lot of letters, never too many. Twitter won't let us.
What's your plan besides removing "No Guns" signage?
Instead of praying... Why don't you do something about it??
There have been 239 school shootings In America since #SandyHook - an average of nearly one per week:

You're the boss. What are you doing about these kinds of crimes in our schools?
Prayers dont do as much as improving mental health services in schools for students and http://teachers.Bet  kid was bullied
Please you are a slime that paid 100mil in campaign contributions for the perks. Your brother is a criminal it must run in the blood.
Pro Guns #BuyAJobBetsy "prays" for the WRONG school district. Just when I think she couldn't be anymore incompetent. #RESIGN
Gun Control would go a lot further than yr hollow prayers. #GunControl
Wrong school district
Don't pray, take the guns away.
I knew it would get even more personal, and it has. Freeman HS isn't even in Spokane Public Schools. NOBODY EVEN BOTHERED TO GOOGLE
SHE COULDNT EVEN BE BOTHERED TO GOOGLE THE DISTRICT. NOBODY ON HER STAFF THOUGHT TO CHECK IT BECAUSE THEY ARE ALL MOUTHBREATHING MORONS
Looks like that woman who bought her job doesn't know her ass from her elbow. #notsurprised #resignDeVos #wedeservebetter
We'd rather not have a bigot like you visit NE.
Devastated enough to stand up for gun control? Or the grizzlies still a threat?
Shut up!! You do not care this countries Youth. Shame on you!
Once again, DeVos proves her ignorance. Freeman HS in FREEMAN SCHOOL DISTRICT. #IncompetentSecEd #BoughtHerCabinetPost
Praying is your answer?  Maybe we need stricter gun laws.
Stop praying and do your damn job.
Yes, because if we just pray hard enough maybe we will get school funding, not get raped, & find a way to keep guns out of schools. #URAJOKE
Freeman HS is not part of @spokaneschools. A child has died & you can't verify the location? Your incompetence is sad and inexcusable.
Didn't you say a bear would do this?   Guess you were wrong.....again

You are in charge, Betsy. What are you going to besides pray?
Please stand up and help fix our gun laws.  The trauma for kids in disadvantaged schools is heartbreaking
So sad, it seems to have been brushed aside with everything else going on. My condolences to all  terrible when our children are not safe
Wrong school district. Most incompetent cabinet member -->>>
See, Those who work to expunge faith from government & politics blindly advocate for the disintegration of our nation. Dr. Franklin~Truth
Your solution is to pray? God gave you eyes, ears and hands to act. Use them ... make God proud.
All on your watch Betsy; you own this.
The evil wench who wants guns on campus
Praying that you find a way to turn this into a photo op.
Please don't involve our community. Spokane doesn't share your vision or values. Prayer for Freeman High School
Devastated to learn you still don't use Oxford commas.
Stop praying and tell congress to crack down on firearms!!!!!
I'm sure it was just someone defending the kiddos from bears.  Right Betz? The reason you want schools to allow guns?
Devastated to hear you are still secretary of education.
What exactly do you think prayers are going to do? Come up with an actual plan to help keep our schools safe. Not just bears and guns.
Freeman School Dist. NOT Spokane School Dist 81. Please fact check so you don't add to confusion.
But not devastated enough to question whether guns belong in schools.

Thank you Betsy.
If you weren't in the position you're in, this wouldn't have happened. Guess those guns that were meant for bears ended up harmful after all
If this weren't such a somber occasion, I'd crack a joke about grizzly bears and guns in schools
We are devastated 2. Please leave UR position & let professionals deal w/this tragedy. U make everything worse
Arnt the police dealing with the tragedy?
It's not a Spokane schools it's freeman school district you don't know don't pretend
I'm surprised you care at all about the victims seeing as they attend a public school.
Thank you for praying!    Wise people know the power of prayer.

Thoughts and prayers won't stop the next shooting.
I agree im a victim of bulling we need stronver anti bulling laws to prevent this
#DumpDeVos
 so sad.
But of course it is too "sensitive" a time for the GOP to talk about gun control, maybe in the year 2091
Devastated to hear about your lack of concern about rape and sexual assault. At least those victims can still be protected
Please don't visit our state with your crocodile tears and sinister agendas... Sincere adoration for all brave students, staff, & parents.
Way to be classy.... evil person you are too make a situation like this political, shame on you
What does bad news Betsy do? Sends prayers from her greedy heart. #resign
And she proposes mandatory concealed carry of Blackwater® guns by all students and staff in 3...2...
Yeah - I'll bet you are. How long before you use it as a political prop for guns in schools?
Is next week too soon?
Yeah but, 2nd Amnd. for all, even the possibly mentally ill.  Freedom.  
Prayers aren't helpful. Common sense gun laws are.
and the bear got away ...
It's your goddam job to do more than offer prayers.
Where is her job to set district policies?
Bot
Are you really?  Wow!

