Do you even know what project-based learning is?
#ReThinkDeVos
She is a waste of taxpayer dollars. Unqualified and actively attempting to HARM students and educators alike. We are tired of photo ops.
We like the ones where she looks like an idiot, which would mean most of them.
Those children could teach you so much.
Guess little kids can't move away from you fast enough. They are the only ones that will sit to talk to you.
Under Trump Budget, Nearly 2 Million Kids May Lose After-School Care : NPR Ed : NPR
Get her out of her position. Will take yrs to recover from her destructive policies.
"Yes! Finally something my speed" - @BetsyDeVosED
Once again, her ambition is greater than her abilities.
She is the embodiment of our flawed education policy over the last 20 years. The quintessential oligarch
Trump donates $100K to Dept of Ed. Only $9,199,900,000 to go to make up for his $9.2B in proposed education cuts.
Those poor children...
Do you really think these kids care about your photo op??
Kids working on a school project while devos grins like a Batman villain.
"Hey kids, shoot for the stars and dream big...maybe one day you can get a job cleaning rooms in my VACATION home."
Funny how little support this tweet is getting #educationisnojoke
I love seeing you march in, pushing the OPPOSITE of Bush's mandates. THIS insane pendulum es EVERYTHING wrong with schools.
How about you THINK about anyone besides yourself and how much money you and your family can make off of SCREWING us!!
not a single kid is smiling, DeVos looks like a grinning psycho #photoOp
Because she is one.
"We are cutting shapes. Teacher says you're cutting my nor it tees."
#WhatTheyToldBetsy
"My teacher has to buy this paper herself. What's a 'tax cut?'"
#WhatTheyToldBetsy

It's called "Trump's Cabinet of Business Criminals"
Betsy, did you know that many public schools do PBL, too? Nothing to rethink there!
WLC is public.
My mistake, thank you for pointing it out. It is a nontraditional public school so I wrongly assumed it was charter.
Betsy why are u the Education Secretary?
Desperate to humanize DeVos... almost calculated to show that she has a sign of empathy.
The fact that she is out top teacher is shameful!
Betsy, kids are better off without you. Please resign. #StopDeVos
#DumpDeVoss
Trump University (?) Betsy's idea of quality education...
DeVos against rules to prevent fed student loan borrowers from being fleeced by companies the government pays to collect the loans

Betsy thought: "I'm so glad these kids are all white. My kind of school!"
Looks well funded, clean, white,,,,,,
Trump’s proposed after-school cuts could lead to more hungry kids, lower test scores - The Hechinger Report
Trump’s Education Budget Feeds School Privatization At The Expense of Students http://bit.ly/2uWE0gH  via @BillMoyers
Michigan Gambled on Charter Schools. Its Children Lost. - The New York Times
A sobering look at what Betsy DeVos did to education in Michigan-and what she might do as secretary of education -
Trump's Education Budget Would Hurt the Working Class - The Atlantic
DeVos voucher plan would exacerbate educational inequality | TheHill
For rural America, school choice could spell doom
Mike Pence, Betsy DeVos and the Klan’s Long Shadow - In These Times: http://inthesetimes.com/article/19904/mike-pence-betsy-devos-and-the-klans-long-shadow …
Senate Democrats 'deeply troubled' by 'racist, bigoted' views shared by Trump education appointees http://politi.co/2jYsGeb  via @politico
The DeVos Dynasty: A Family of Extremists -


http://politi.co/2rcNnGL 

empty calories.
http://time.com/4847149/education-secretary-betsy-devos-attorney-general-barack-obama/ …



DID THEY GET LUNCH if their parents couldn't afford it?

Good job Madam Besty Devos
Hey--all white kids! Surprise!



Resign, Betsy! Oligarchs are bad for education and even worse for democracy.

Get away from the children and resign now
DeVos and her family bought the GOP and now her  brother and her want their money back from tax payers She cares nothing about children
The only thing DeVos is thinking or cares about is lining her pocket and her friend pockets with US Tax payers dollars
Oh yes, the Queen of Education
