“Innovate” = privatize

Betsy and her entire family are con artists.
The @NAACP backs up its call for a moratorium on charter schools with something often missing in today's political environment - #facts.
.
Join the fight to protect #PublicEducation
.
Because reimagining worked out so well for #CommonCore, right?
I'm not sure that an incompetent, unqualified person with conflicts of interest and an agenda who bought her way into office is the right person to evaluate the effects of "reimagined" education plans on the futures of millions of children.
COURAGE to support a corrupt regime and a Sec. Of Ed who wants to increase inequalities?
Courage to survive this administration?
Wish someone in power would have the courage to boot people who buy their jobs.  #RethinkDevos
I would've said trust & funding
It's cute how you think we're too dumb to know what you're actually talking about.
I wish I had the COURAGE and RICHES to buy a cabinet position like @BetsyDeVosED! What #grit Betsy has shown never having a real job in her entire coddled life!
Parents, family, friends and the "village" it took to get some of our kids to this point is tainted by your presence.  Stay away and let us forget your destruction for the few minutes it takes to get our paper and bounce away from your lying rhetoric.
Why don't you just stop ruining graduations and just stay away?  You are not a benefit to the quest for education for all ;you are a hindrance; just steering public funds into private profiteers.  You are sickening. #BlackLivesMatter #TheResistance
Betsy DeVos is an insult to all of us who have dedicated our lives to education and were required to earn a graduate degree for licensure!
You need to broaden your scope and have the courage to talk to experts who do not share your dismal view of traditional public schools. We serve the most diverse population in the world, no one access is denied, and do a fantastic job.  It troubles me that all you can't see that.
You know what takes courage? To be who you are when your own federal government rejects you.

Not only is @BetsyDeVosED not qualified to be Sec. of Education, she also awarded a student loan debt collection contract to a company she has a financial interest in. How is this not a conflict of interest? Our students deserve better. #CA39 #PhilForHouse …
Suggestion: Offer inexpensive online college classes nationwide for under graduate classes with low cost test centers.  1. You will eliminate college debt for these students, 2. You will look like a champion for the poor, 3. You will remove the funds that propel the liberals

#Unethical #ErikPrince
A company that once had financial ties to Education Secretary Betsy DeVos was one of two firms selected Thursday by the Education Department to help the agency collect overdue student loans. The deal could be worth hundreds of millions of dollars. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/grade-point/wp/2018/01/11/education-dept-awards-debt-collection-contract-to-company-with-ties-to-devos/?hpid=hp_rhp-more-top-stories_debt-devos-430pm%3Ahomepage%2Fstory&utm_term=.8fde9ab248ff …
You don't give two shits about kids or education.
What about invented history in CA history books? Fake history!

Register to vote. Get two friends registered to vote. Throw a voter registration party. 

At the end of the day, this administration is bad for you, it’s bad for us,…
Courage is always the ingredient key to innovation. It means going against the status quo and group think.
Courage is from God as is all pertaining to the abundant life.
Be strong & courageous, do not be afraid or tremble at them, for the Lord your God is the one who goes with you. He will not fail you nor forsake you.” Deu31:6 Prepare a Heart for God & all these things will be added
Hey Mrs. Devos. It must have taken a lot of courage for you to stand in front of all those students in Baltimore.
Champagne wishes and caviar dreams.....  Trump's: 1. impeachment 2. is put in prison 3. drops dead... kerplunk!
What happens to citizenry infected by a poor school system; fundamentalist, radical religion; and further brainwashed by a GOP and Fox News disinformation machine?
This.
@nowthisnews #StopGOPTaxScamBill #StopGOPTaxScam #GOPTaxScam
@BetsyDeVosED a billionaire white Jew woman who is suppose to be advocating for poor black children. Claims to be a christian, but supported Donald Trump. Why? It's the ever so unpleasant white supremacy movement led by European white colonist, evangelicals to subdue minorities.
End Common Core
