Get rid of common core. Students need to learn cursive again.
As a former teacher. We don't have time to teach students superfluous lessons.
Oh and they bring drag queens dressed in high hills sequence and mini skirts to teach  "equality" and LGBT to 1st 2nd and 3rd graders
Heels, sequins
Sorry, didn't notice.
We all did.
Maybe Alfredo could use some lessons from drag queens. They're fantastic at reading and spelling.
But if they are so good at what you say why then they have to get dressed like prostitutes with good will clothing to pay rent and eat?
There's a lot of white privilege in that meeting. Way to represent all the different school children in this country.

@Betsy DeVos @realDonaldTrump @FoxBusiness https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10156005224759216&id=209361989215 … plz follow 11/1 safety and security school children district 11 SF
I would feel better if they had a least a piece of paper. Now they are going from memory: attack LGBT and urban public schools, protect sex offenders in college, protect for profit universities -
tell her to go away and stay away
This is the time to expose harassment and hostile work environments in all schools aimed at forcing all republicans from teaching....this practice is discrimination due to political beliefs....WIN WIN
If u need money for a comittee to expose this, remeber the people in congress when at your hearing that said they would help you...go to them
School Choice with vouchers. No one knows better what is best and to the family plans for their children's education than the parents themselves. Forcing children to attend non challenging and disarray environments is just wrong. Let my children go.
After Katrina devastated NOLA, people like DeVos administered the greatest permanent shutdown of public schools in US history. Careful what you wish for.
Maybe it’s a cultural thing, but you just don’t seem to be working very hard.  Too many half days and long weekends. Maybe a less demanding job might fit your skill set and personality better?
I thought you were going to get Common Core out of our schools and rid our schools of the Muslim Allah influence and you have done nothing that I have heard anything about. I am very disappointed in you as education secretary.
This is disturbing
Even a $1,500 dollar per student voucher will enable families to either homeschool or get their son or daughter out of the public schools & into a Christian School, when are you guys going to get to work on helping these parents?

Vouchers should be a priority.
It begins, and ends, in our schools. 
You want to take America back?
Then you must understand where the 'takedown' of America began. 

http://deliberatedumbingdown.com/pages/book.htm 
SHE SUCKS! Doesn't even know the REAL ISSUES affecting our YOUTH & YOUNG ADULTS! Holds numerous meetings, does NOTHING HELPFUL OR MEANINGFUL but takes her big fat paycheck! WORST CHOICE in Pres Trump's cabinet! TOTALLY UNQUALIFIED!! REPLACE HER!! CC:DJT
Oh reading Dr Seuss again?
#DumpDevos
OR
#DevosResign
.
.
.
D
U
M
P
.
D
E
V
O
S
Restore it to what, exactly? What is the target, and where is your evidence that the target had been reached in the past?
Whatever makes @BetsyDeVosED the most money
DeVos wanted to spend more than $1 billion promoting choice-friendly policies and private school vouchers.Instead, Congress is on track to increase department funding by $3.9 billion, with no funding for the school choice program DeVos envisioned. #PRStrong should follow Congress
Betsy DeVil has no idea what she's doing. She needs to GTFO.
Discipline and Accountability
Parents need to be held accountable for their children
I'm tired of disruptive kids taking away from instruction time
Start suspending
Start calling parents in
AND
Teachers need to pull themselves together and start earning respect
Act like EDUCATORS
She’s on a scouting mission to see how much money she can make off this disaster. Don’t sign anything- she is not to be trusted.
She isn't the answer
Who IS?? some bureaucratic left wing grifter?
You clearly haven't done your research as to her disastrous meddling in Michigan's charter schools.DeVos couldn't obtain her seat through accreditation, she had to buy it.Only a mental midget w/ the lack of critical thinking could possibly conceive that she is remotely qualified

New: Betsy DeVos wants to expand school voucher programs throughout the U.S. Get ready for that list to include schools that promote Scientology. http://bit.ly/2nQtDcq 
Civics class. We need civics class to be mandatory @realDonaldTrump
Traitors
So I hear your brother Eric was meeting with Russians in the Seychelles Islands? Your brother will be talking to a guy named Robert Mueller.  Good luck with that!
We have *order* in our education - *Restore* to you means to #dismantle any progress made
Hey Betsy no one uses the paper FAFSA anyone and we can already do the FAFSA online .... jus saying
Please Reply to email -- Welcome Education Maestro! (Sent: Tuesday, February 7, 2017 6:30 PM) http://www.stringquest.com/betsy-devos-vision-proposal …
KY is not letting people have choice there's no charter schools and if you try to move your child to another County you have to pay a fee
Do you have sever Brain Damage from Monsanto ? It’s of IDEA will support you , Going down Highway 504 to get your famous French dessert called FAPE! Tell me have you ever seen a mother that is still attached to her disable watch out baby
IDEA is NOT a Day dream , 504 Is not a state highway and FAPE  is not Betsy’s  favorite French dessert !
Can you do ONE merciful thing and keep loan forgiveness for thousands of students scammed by schools!
Inexperienced Betsy Devos is the problem that’s going to sabotage and destroy public education.
Too much islam getting away with indoctrination, please advisehttps://twitter.com/crazycrazydazy/status/869306980082393088

Instead of teaching our children islamic prayers in school - how about a trip to a Veteran's cemetery and explain the #CostOfFreedom 2 them! 
We need help here in Delaware! Regulation 225 is about to infringe on our 1st and 14th amendments! Help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#1 fire @BetsyDeVosED

We thought defying the law was her mandate from Trump http://ow.ly/Zc0q30gO6Yn 
You're totally worthless.
Here we have Betsy Devos heralding $100.000 as alms, meanwhile trying to cut back $9.1 Billion from education. It is explicit mentioned, that she holds just $85 Billion…
Teach life lessons. Banking, Home Ec., Shop, Music and Art. Keep our youth busy. *I need to get off of this site!! Hahaa!!
Bringing back Home Ec. classes wouldn't hurt. Everyone should know nutrition & proper manners. Oh how I could go on abt this!

In school, I was taught that "In God we trust".  That one lesson helped confirm my home and church teachings. I am the better for having been so taught.
La lucha es inútil. Siéntese y observe las escuelas de sucio lucro.
@usedgov @edreform Meals for students enrolled in grades K-12 to be gratis.
Oh Yes That is Why Obama F 'd up our Education system in 8 Yrs!Illegals/Tear down our Education system!
What are @BetsyDeVosED 's qualifications? She hates public education, she never attended public school. she has never been a teacher, private interest seems to be her motivation.
How about we restore our overworked families first. The rest will take care of itself.

The way to do this is by gutting special education programs? Preying upon the most vulnerable in society is vile. @BetsyDeVosED please step down before you destroy even more lives.
TeamTrump on education:
Government analysis shows House tax bill would increase cost of college by $71 billion over a decade  http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/politics/ct-house-tax-bill-cost-of-college-20171116-story,amp.html …
A recent survey found that 77% of college students who received a BA Degree think that the sex of a baby is not determined at birth. Must be at Flat World U. How stupid are the students and professors.
Get rid of liberal teachers, too. They are destroying our children’s minds.
Please get common core out of our schools!! It’s been a year! We need to see some progress.
The Dept. of EDU sent instructions to teachers they MUST send kids to an expert to decide what gender or race they want to be... & NOT to tell their PARENTS!!! What in God's Name is GOING ON?
Why are some schools still following common core?
No!


JFC it seems like no-one on this thread is even aware that in the wake of #HurricaneMaria, #PuertoRico is in the midst of a humanitarian disaster. Betsy isn't going to do sh*t, so donate to our fellow Americans through someone who will, like @AntonioParis
Here is a hint.   It's funding shortages.   Teachers face regular salary freezes.   There is a shortage of new teachers staying in the field because of this.
Here's a start: Help defrauded students by resuming the defense to repayment process.
PLEASE ALSO add Career DayS to All High Scools! Kids need to learn about learning a Trade vs College & actual career req'mts 4 FBI & elsewhere!
Current curriculum is producing Socialists... with NO awareness of how it damaging it is.. REAL Amer/World History & how Capitalism vs Socialism will explain it!
PLEASE get rid of damaging Social Justice/White Privilege Trng! Causes Anger, Hatred & Shame, RPLC w/ REAL Amer/Wrld History, Capitalism & Constitution!
How about modifying the ridiculous student loan system and dropping FedLoan Servicing as a provider.
GRAND RAPIDS, Michigan: Michelle Acklen, a black nurse sued Spectrum Health System (Betsey DeVos Family) as she claimed that officials accepted a white patient’s request for no black caregivers. Hopefully, she wins big in her lawsuit  http://trendingnurses.com/index.php/2017/10/23/what-do-you-do-when-a-patient-refuses-to-be-cared-for-by-you-because-of-your-race/ …


Betsy DeVos needs to #ResignNow
Areas that need the most attention: a new Secretary of Education.  PLEASE RESIGN - YOU BOUGHT YOUR JOB.
@BetsyDeVosED is a danger to all students. The only reason she is sitting at that table is the fact she literally paid off politicians. We are tired of footing a $8 million "security" bill for a woman whose incompetence is truly unparalleled.
#1.  Get rid of Betsy DeVos and hire someone that is experienced
Should this be part of Science for your kids? Universally available green energy source published by USPTO in 2009

This is only one of my many discoveries and 10 are listed on the website
Repeal and Replace the GOP. Repeal and Replace Betsy DeVos. Make America Sane Again.

Is this what you are teaching our educators?
“Don’t smile at me-man-OK? That’s how people like you get shot” the white physics teacher said to black high schooler. “I got a bet-I bet by the time you’re 21-somebody’s gonna put a bullet right through your head-And it might be me-the one that does it”
…
Stay away from http://PR.you  messed US education.dont do it to the island.we have enough problems.
Incompetence at its finest! What does @BetsyDeVosED know about education?? NOTHING! Corrupt incompetence
Honorable Ms. Secretary,
Can you look into why 8th Grade remedial students and mentally challenging students are reading such violent and depressing books with suicidal tendencies,  the book hatchet is on my sons list of curriculum, and last year Freak the Mighty, please help???
After reading or my sons case listening to freak the mighty my special needs son started squeezing people with his hands like the killer dad did in the book. We confronted school and asked principal if he thought it was appropriate he said he never read it, and wouldn't remove it
So I asked to have an IEP Meeting & we all agreed that he would not be taught with violent content, & here we go again with another modern bullshit tragedy as we brain wash the youth with this garbage you have a crisis on your hands God Bless you for your monumental task at hand!
Sis @BetsyDeVosED when are you handing in that resignation letter?
When you contribute $250 million dollars you expect something in return, don’t you Betsy? #noprivitizationofpublicschools
@ricardorossello #1: Begin with a Secretary of Ed who has sufficient experience and credentials to hold said position?
Her resignation?

All she’ll do is sell you some worthless Amway that won’t even properly clean a toilet.
She is a total fake. She has no idea what she is doing. She’s too stupid to realize how bad she sucks. Throw her out before she does any real damage that can’t be fixed.
She is an incompetent moron that hasn’t accomplished anything. She can’t help you.
If you are too busy playing teacher, Betsy, to read your Twitter, the majority have simple advice. Resign. You've done enough damage in our educatioal system. I am retired school administrator. You do not know what you are doing, even if you sit at a fancy desk.
Tremendo, now stick to the vision, continue level headed do not make hasty decisions; your Education Secretary knows what needs to be done. Allow her to continue doing her job and back her up 100%.
Ha!
Start with a new Secretary of Education. Everything after that should fall into place.
@ED_Sped_Rehab @BetsyDeVosED what about students being an education because the LDs are from aTBI Tell me DeAngier@live.com
@ED_Sped_Rehab @BetsyDeVosED will someone tell me why I'm being denied education DeAngier@live.com anyone please tell me
First order of need is for her to resign
Agenda:
1.Firing @BetsyDeVosED for incompetence
2.paying teachers more 
3. Focusing on science and engineering and dropping fantasy.
Abandon the Liberal Arts Curriculum Indoctrination that creates lawlessness, hatred and resistance to discipline and rule of law. Inspire Moral Character, Respect, Love and their God given gift to reach their fullest God given Potential using their Talents.
Step 1 get rid of @BetsyDeVosED. Step 2 pay the teachers what they’re worth. Step 3 get rid of charter schools. Step 4 let teachers teach! Seems pretty easy!
Siempre pensé bien de usted, pero se rodeó de batatas, lnteresados, buscones, charlatanes, corruptos y gente sin experiencia en nada. Ha perdido todo tipo de fuerza política. #chamaquito. Te quedó grande el sueño de ser gobernador.
Get @BetsyDeVosED to resign! That would be a great start!
Why should she resign our public school systems suck they are not teaching our children much they're trying to label children
Para los que cuestionan al DE con sus agendas oscuras...
If @BetsyDeVosED and her staff stepped down, that might restore integrity to the Department.
Good luck with that. You will need it!
wow, she managed to hire 4 people?  Congrats!
Surely your not listening to her! Be careful you'll get a bill from her. She really doesn't know much about education cuidado!
To restore our education system, the fist step would have to be her leaving- she sees education as a profit center
*first
I think you are confusing "destroy" and "restore".
Was the first item how urgently we need DeVos to resign? I mean even half of Trump supporters aren't happy with her!
A table full of heartless garbage people.
Really, cuz people are saying she's got one foot out the door.
Comunidad escolar Superior Eloísa Pascual - Bairoa III Caguas. Necesitamos comenzar. Nuestros estudiantes de cuarto año están en riesgo.
Like removing consumer protections agains shady student loan providers? Fuck-off.
PR needs qualified people at this discussion table.None of you have proven any efficiency & lack the qualifications to do anything. Stop with so many pony shows & meetings and start showing results! All your pics aren’t making things better

Oh, man, when do you stop acting like Trump’s puppet?  @BetsyDeVosED is destroying American education! #draintheswamp
[#realdonaldtrump #trumprussia]
Why are we still itemizing!  Get on with it —this system is broken.    We are talking about our children here!!!
WTF is wrong with it, unless you’re talking about RESTORING stolen public school funds...
@davetg @laflynt @VickiRodrigue11
Don’t trust her.
Betsy knows nothing. She was appointed as a thank you to her brother’s help with Russia and do she could fund raise for trump. She doesn’t care about public ed. She should resign
#teachersvsgrizzlies
1) appoint someone qualified to be Secretary of Education.
In PR or the US?
In US :)
Like what? How you'll only need to learn to read a bible? Or, as per her husband suggested once, Hitler's youth program? Or, classes in how to make women dress like a Duggar so men can learn?
Restore?  You all are F’ing crazy the GOP is DESTROYING education not HELPING IT. And Batsh!t Crazy Betsy is at the helm
I know you are going through horrible times, but, trust me, @BetsyDeVosED is not the answer.  She is nothing but a born-on-third-base, pyramid scheme profiteer.
No way. She's ruining the education system. She needs to #resign immediately!

#DumpDeVos
Resign, DeVos!
Betsy you know you are not qualified for your job.
They’ll restore the education system to puritanical glory if you let them.
To restore the education system first we need a competent education secretary!
Obama had such Clarity4 USA Right!Only cared about Diversity forgot Majority
RESIGN NOW, Betsy. We're waiting!
Resign @BetsyDeVosED
Replace  of education
Hoy Caparra Terrace en San Juan cumple 63 días sin luz, aún no se que pasa, se supone fuésemos prioridad por estar sin luz desde Irma o eso dijeron ¿porque no cumplieron?
Gloria a Dios.!! El huracán María está trayendo bienestar a PR. No hay mal que por bien no venga. Dios Bendiga a USA 
La AEE esta dejando a Vega Alta fuera de su area de trabajo en la Región de Bayamón
Congratulation! Our Education system needs restoration. Don't forget fine arts teachers in this efforts
@AEEONLINE Atenas Calle Francisco Vega k28 Manati frente Medical Center. A ley de un poste POR FAVOOORR SE ME MUERE EL VIEJO
Llévalo al hospital allí te lo pueden ayudar
