Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos reads to children in her home town of Holland, MI. #michigan #politics 
My Daughter is a Stem teacher in NJ middle school. She has her Masters in Math , graduated from Rutgers University.
There is a great need for Stem teachers in school districts. The school needed a math teacher with her degree for advanced students.
Why don't you share how good the edu system used to be and now you are making our public school system worse. Put more into public schools
And the importance of buying positions in the public sector!
fun to read to kids,  easiest part  STAR ? see how that works out .  Bogus test unfair do not evaluate students gain,  esp specl or deaf/HH
#ThankYou for working to improve education AZ Senator @DebbieLesko
That will be the only book in one of Lesko's defunded public schools. #stopSB1431 #SOSAZ #resist
Reading is extremely important for young children. What is very extremely bad for them is #PP's perverted push. STOP
The perversion of the #Left continues its march through our schools, trying to confuse and corrupt our children.
https://twitter.com/FoxNews/status/893498302733459457 …
You know nothing about education for the masses. All you know is expensive private schools. Think about the average American!
Reading  Key to Success! Womenreading about Strong History Making Women @amazonsmile & @SarahPalinUSA & our favorite Charity @theyarecoping
Photo op
Yyyaayyy!! They don't need to know how to READ. They can buy someone to read to them, no?
A book without words is perfect for you!
Too bad your education cuts will hamper their ability to read and thrive. Your home town may not hate you, but your home state does.
Biggest barrier to reading: poor access to books.  STRONG evidence that better/more libraries > higher levels of literacy.
Remember, we cannot do anything about past generations, but we can do something about this generation. Let's breakdown barriers to reading.
What IS the last book you read? Mein Kampf or Vlad Putin's bio?
Funny how infatuated you are with women and minorities when white males are WHY! America is becoming great again and always have been.
Please hire my wife and me as your West Coast reps. We are PhDs  (ABD) in Ed., Christians and in public, charter, and Christian school Admin
http://PrisonByeBye.org  targets illiteracy in prisons.
http://PrisonByeBye.org  also targets illiteracy in the communities to which ex-offenders return.
Please don't remind people where you grew up. So embarrassing
When are you ridding us of the scourge of Common Core as promised?  @POTUS
Also Betsy: Fun to personally meet the children I will be hurting by stripping and removing billions of dollars from their education.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump School season is upon us @BetsyDeVosED have you Stopped Common Core as promised to We the people?
nooooo...we want obedient workers, just smart enough to run the machines and do the paperwork...an educated work force isn't good for us
Stay there!
Maybe visit a rural school and hear how your policies will decimate them. Charter schools don't work in rural America...
Oh yes they do!!!
In towns of 1,500... You must live in Neverland.
She's a bot.
Thank you for working to give people choices.  #MAGA
Oh, you've learned how to read? How exciting! #growtheFup #pathetic
The audience is mostly adult (note gray hair) and Betsy is laughing AT the book.  " I will replace this stupid book with an iPad". cackles
Did they help you read it too?
I keep trying to contact you. I have many ideas to share as business person and teacher both
Cool job... Go around the country reading to kids whose schools you plan to destroy in order to buy another yacht. Where do I sign up?
Also be sure to share with them the importance of campaign donations.
Today I go back to work hoping you don't defund our public education or take away college loan money or do any of the terrible things you do
OH GOD
@woznyphoto Thank you Betty for your Patriotism! God Bless
Nauseating. Why haven't you resigned already?
Don't forget spelling!
You know how to read? Color me surprised! #Unqualified
Good. Read this aloud, in the presence of press: 'I am unqualified and inappropriate for my position and hereby resign'.
Only to the rich white kids right?
Show support teachers #DonorsChoose and make it the #BestSchoolYear 2017!
I'm glad you know how to read!
Where is that ?hell?
#Bitch
Hard to read if you're hungry, Betsy.
That butterfly came from a caterpillar, not from Jesus
Can you share that importance with @realDonaldTrump ? #crookedDonald illiterate.
Stay there, Bets!
Noooooo.....we in Michigan DO NOT want her back!
Ok, how about about a nice dacha in ?
I'd like to know what you're going to do about the new rules put in place about no suspensions or explosions of
Students even after they verbally attack the teachers assault other students and Bully? This is an absolute outrage and it's all for money
@woznyphoto Importance of public ed for all! No charter, magnate, and/or private schools. Improve the public ed for all!
Resign and stay there. Please 

Please stay in Holland, Michigan @BetsyDeVosED
What reading PD sessions have you attended?
resign. fraud.
Not much if your NOT DUTCH,, Bob SCHULLER went to HOPE,,multi millionaire ,,pastor of the Crystal cathedral,,some churches are BIG BUSINESS
#youreapieceofshit
Thank u Secretary DeVos for your sacrifice for our kids futures!
Glad to see you are reading a book at your lexile level, not too many words and big pictures #fun
Oh, I bet they were pleased as punch to see the person that decimated their school system.
Thank you for your service - don't let the bottom feeders get you down
People who take their kids to book events already emphasize the importance of reading. How about reaching out to those who don't or can't?
Are we any closer to vouchers for all? Can't wait for this to happen.
Supports 3B cut in education budget! Spending millions of taxpayer money on security instead of education
If Betsy DeVos is cutting teacher training programs, she's not supporting our teachers. Simple as that. http://detne.ws/2wlimAc 
Try reading the history of collaborators to those who try to destroy democracy. #TrumpRussia #TrumpCrimeFamily
Thanks for this important update. Now tell us a more about @POTUS' plans to gut university programs that help Hispanics get INTO Higher Ed?
Great Betsy!  An important message.

Did you tell all those kids how you are going to make it harder for them to pay back college loans and that you support rapists?
Of course not! That would ruin the photo op.
You're holding a picture book. Smh. We are so screwed. #unqualified #boughtherjob #atleastshesnotpresident
I'm glad you could share the spectacular moment of you reading a book for the first time with us. Do our public schools a favor and quit.
Well, come on down to Mississippi and read to our children!!!  State leaders will not fully fund education!  Tests, tests and more tests!
Holding up a card does not make the DOE a place that American parents can celebrate. Parent's see a smile of destruction.Revitalization
Your education budget slashes $9.2 billion. It cuts Special Olympics, STEM funding, crucial afterschool programs and teacher training
Lc, that's not fair to say the $9.2billion is being slashed, it's just being redistributed to the wealthy. That's why she paid for this job
Get out of our public schools. You're on the wrong side of history. Better get out of the sinking ship while you can.
She's not smart enough to do that. Which is unfortunate for students.
You don't know the first thing about education. You bought this job, & taxpayers are footing a $8 million dollar bill for you for no reason
Was that a public event or faith based.  Bible stories hahahaha
Holy shit. You can READ?!?
I'm sure it's a real zoot suit riot for them too Betty
Just stay there, truly just stay there and resign PLEASE
Resign
And most importantly, What they read these days. The children should be encouraged along a path of good moral character building.
@BetsyDeVosED knows nothing about good moral character. Unless she can buy it.
See, She does Good, you?.But solid food is for the mature, who because of practice have their senses trained to discern good & evil Heb 5:14
Whoa Nellie! I heard that! Doesn't make sense, but I heard it!
Hate you.  Give to me 100k for damages bc I've had to learn your face
Please give that opportunity to all students in all schools.  Do not defund public schools. Every student deserves an education!
@BetsyDeVosED think you can get them to read the blackwater early admissions application?
Quick, look up “irony” before this admin cuts public library funding!
Reading is only beneficial if you can somehow make a profit from it amirite
Is there a public school there?   Did you go and tell those students  how you don't care about them?
Did you pack heat? You know, in case of grizzlies...
What do you read Betsy? I'd love to know.
Did you tell them that story about how a lady with no real credentials became secretary of education?
Please Betsy, heal our schools.  They are America's future.  If you can't put God back in them, at least return them to Christian ideals.
Yes. Just what we need.  More fairy tales!
"...and the ugly caterpillar became a beautiful butterfly. I, on the other hand, will remain a turd."
Trump donates $100K to Dept of Ed. Only $9,199,900,000 to go to make up for his $9.2B in proposed education cuts.
Donald Trump Could Make Schools More Dangerous | Teen Vogue
Trump’s Education Budget Feeds School Privatization At The Expense of Students http://bit.ly/2uWE0gH  via @BillMoyers
A sobering look at what Betsy DeVos did to education in Michigan-and what she might do as secretary of education -
Trump's Education Budget Would Hurt the Working Class - The Atlantic
DeVos voucher plan would exacerbate educational inequality | TheHill
For rural America, school choice could spell doom
DeVos refuses to say on sending her kids to Milwaukee voucher school. Just 2% proficient in math and 0% in English.
It’s unconscionable that our top Education official won't commit to speaking out against discriminatory policies:
The DeVos Dynasty: A Family of Extremists -
The books upside down... 

made you look. 
Good Job miss Devos
Civics and American History!!!
Go Betsy!!!
tbh the only thing I learned from this tweet is that you're able to read picture books
So fun!  Did you tell them how much you paid for your job? Or how you want to defund public ed?  #BoughtYourJob #NoVouchers #FundPublicEd
More Charter Schools!! 
Yes! Ruin our education system!
You should talk to your hometown about the importance of public education and proper funding..
