Christ. You're going there too?!
You know what helps students and teachers, Betsy? Funding for schools. Stop taking it away.
They have the money. Too much time spent on testing not learning. Learn the facts
Oh yeah, you're right. Schools are overflowing with money. I should talk to a teacher.
I also wonder where all that testing comes from? I love giving standardized tests to my kids to meet state requirements. Win!
I have two friends who teach. All tof me spent on testing, not teaching. Administration of tests doesn't teach/enrich!! And they are liberal
What is liberal? Tests? Tests aren't liberal inventions. Current State testing norms crawled out of NCLB requirements of the Bush admin.
Teachers unions are liberal.  Protecting their funding doesn't equal kids learning. My son never opened a book.  Didn't grad. ......
Just as long as those schools are private or parochial, the students don't have IEPs, and the teachers are non union, right Betsy?
Here at the Dept of Ed, we like our teachers ill-paid and too young to know any better.
The Dept of Ed doesn’t decide teachers pay or set age-related hiring guidelines.
Sure they do. Through policy. Same way the government increases the price of your home. "But..."
No policies I’ve seen for that. If the gov’t is one who increases the price of my home,it’s an even bigger miserable failure than I thought.
Follow the $$$
Got 2 questions? The Dept of Ed has 4400 employees & a $68 billion budget. What exactly do they do? Has education improved since 1980?
Just the private ones,  right?  #resign
So what!! Drain that public failure in education.  That's why kids are so dumb today
Average literacy rates are an 8th Grade level, like they have been forever.  And, you're a #trollbot
Girl please no go with that don't like it don't respond. Just bc I know better can't shut me up
But our education system is as good as when we sent people to the moon, is better in many ways, and is only worse because of greed
It's worse bc parents, well that first single parents don't have that quality time to spend with the kids. Divorce/unwed single parents
Can't disagree with that, but it's not all single parents either...so, how will Betsy's plan for a homeschooling nation help that.
Don't you think homeschooling is better than kids afraid to go to school. I had kids rob my son otw to and from school!! The choices help
Does that include getting rid of common core, gender teaching, 5 pillars of Islam and white privlege. If not why? Keep your promises.
ESSA, NCLB never gave Feds power to control local choices like Common Core. Educators must explain why standards exist & how they work!
I think Obama started that mess. Any teachers I have spoken to hate it. Says it dumbs down kids.
Standards started under Reagan!! NCLB under Bush. Common Core math started by National Teachers of Math. CC has no methods, Islam etc.
Well it has added prayers from Quran and 5 pillars of Islam to curriculum and needs to stop. We were promised it would be removed.
Common Core wants literacy in all subjects, to research if claims are supported. That is NOT content.
http://www.corestandards.org/ELA-Literacy/RH/6-8/ …
Are you in favor of Common Core?
Standards are intended to improve textbooks while allowing local choices. Understanding why standards exist & how they work helps.
What about victims of sexual assault ?  What are they getting from you?  #enabler
What if rape victims are there Betsy
How can you live with yourself by making school safe for rapists and not for victims?!? You are the enemy
You staying far away is what they need.
You can't even support the disabled, and rape victims. #Resign and admit you have the intelligence of a dementia patient. You are not human.
Please work on accountability for schools and these Essa plans. Kid need higher standards
But not if they've been the victim of sexual assault. You're the worst of Trump's terrible appointees. The bottom of a putrid barrel.
@BetsyDeVosED haven't they suffered enough?
Obviously you don't NEED the help, however, THEY might appreciate help
Help from @BetsyDeVosED ??  Texas says "nah, we're good!"
Some maybe, some, maybe. Some, not so much!
Can any of the thousands of displaced victims stay in your "summer cottage?"

So... that means you're quitting, right?

You're. A. Joke.
Looking for new for profit charter school locations no doubt.  Wish I could believe that anything @BetsyDeVosED does is best for kids but...
How about the rapists you're siding with? Are you going to be certain they are going to get what they need?
to privatize their schools right!?!?!?
Except if you are raped. WE don't believe you. It's your fault. Right? Is that the new normal????
Oh no you won't. Don't lie. You already have taken and taken away from schools, students and staff. You are a liar just like your boss.
And rape victims ??? Or does that not matter to you?
They couldn't think of who else they could hurt. Then someone said-- what about rape victims?  And  Betsey said PERFECT!
Please stay away from California. We don't need people who support pussy grabbers then demolish laws that protect victims of pussy grabbers!
Why remove a policy that currently protects kids from sexual assault?! You are to protect, correct?
How can you help them but turn your back on transgender students and try to disband teachers unions?
So how did you manage to screw over more students on your little field trip?!
watch this for the love of God & tell us why victims need more obstacles. #RapeCulture #Women
As long as it doesn't protect the victim of rape. #ReversalOfProtectionForTheVictim #Ihope45grabsyoubythevagina1daybutagainyouretooold
How? You are clueless! Just another heeling bitch like @FLOTUS @IvankaTrump @KellyannePolls @SarahHuckabee 
Resign. Wastes of estrogen.
Do you have even ONE supporter. Seems you're more hated than POTUS, didn't think it was possible.
Schools are fine... let's FIRST give potential rapists increased protection!? Cause that's a priority...
Every step you take ensures our school systems weaken, our most vulnerable/ most valuable citizens denied proper education. Fraud.
Forget Harvey, now is the time to stand with survivors of sexual assault. Protect Title IX.
betsy devos and donald trump here to ensure that those who assult others on campuses rights are taken care. DEVOS & TRUMP SUPPORT ASSULTS
Betsy is bringing candy!!!!!
Rescinded title IX is detrimental to all female students. Keep our young women safe on campus by supporting title IX.
What if what they need is an investigation into their campus rape?
Do you suffer from a mental disorder? Cuz you know they have meds for that.

Going to resign then, Betsy? That'd help everyone.
You just need to go away you are evil
& you'll make sure schools in poor areas get nothing, while your favored schools get whatever. I'm so sad you're Secy of Ed,you don't belong
As long as they're not public schools, correct? Why do you head a department that you detest?
BullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshit UGH
You say you're a lifelong advocate of our kids, yet you dare to change Title IX; the one thing women have against sexual violence. Liar.
What is your reason for reversing protections for college women?  Do you have a daughter, granddaughter ?  Horrific Cruel Act on your part.
Actually, we don't want you or Trump in LA! Thank you.
They won't be getting help from you or this disgusting administration! The only reason you have your ED job is that you "purchased" it.
Maybe you can make some more students into your maids? Does your husband harass them? Or does It count if the mom can't understand?
Unless they are rape victims, eh? Fuck those hoes am I right? Most of them are lying anyway. What really counts as harrassment?
Betsy DeVos' attempt to weaken Title IX’s protections is simply shameful.
Do something to stop the political brainwashing and political bullying. NOT OK! Why are teachers given so much power!! SCARY!
Unless those students are rap victims. #StopBetsy
you're an unqualified monster, you should quit
Do not come!
gurl Louisiana needs help always
It's rare to find a sick woman that supports rape. To find one in a position of federal authority to support it is unbelievable. #StopBetsy
She hates sex, so all women should.
Unless you are sexually assaulted...
Without our teachers there would be no education.  Pay our teachers more and stop standardized test.
Student safety isn't your concern is it Betsy?
Deeply troubled by @BetsyDeVosED’s decision to undo guidelines on campus sexual assault. We need to make campuses more safe, not less.
Michigan charter schools are dead last in education in the country!! Your program doesn't work!! Leave our children and schools alone!!!
Don't get your hands dirty. You don't care  you let rapists walk in campus and withdrew protection from women. You are an evil fraud like T
UR not concerned with child ed. Ur worried about padding ur wealth!!! Ur money is invested in private schools. UR a criminal & a thief.
You do not know what you are doing! You are making things worse for everyone. Motivated only by $ is sickening.
Getting help for teachers and students, ha. Give me a break. You are the worst thing that's ever happened to our education system.
HA that's a funny joke. You're such a comedian @BetsyDeVosED !!!
Betsy, do you know the difference between a rapist and a victim of rape?
Your Amway bizz is all over Russia
This is interesting.
1. For those who want to really dig deep into this admin, I have a two links for you. Once you see these, the admin makes more sense. Scary
Your only concern is your wealth. What's this? Ohhh your a member too???

1. For those who want to really dig deep into this admin, I have a two links for you. Once you see these, the admin makes more sense. Scary
Unless they've been raped, right? Since you just rolled back protections for sexual assault victims on school campuses?
God help us with this kind of help!
American Taliban Betsy wants to see women punished for going to college by allowing them to be raped by white Christian boys. #TitleIX
@BetsyDeVosED since you tweeted,  what help did you give to ALL impacted Texans? #StopBetsy #Harvey #ThursdayThoughts #uneducatededucators
SHUT-UP
You’re a total joke. Not even qualified. Ruiner. You’re gonna be a laughing stock.
Is it true you are banning CFPB from looking into reported cases of fraud by Department of Education contractors?
With all due respect, 
Hi Betsy! Our school system has quite enough problems. We're interested in solutions, not making it worse. Feel free to stay home!
Vapid delusional rich had her cabinet position paid for wealthy donor Bullshit
#SahajaYoga is META SCIENCE, Science about Science. Self Realization gives connection to the META SCIENCE which is doing all the living work
An Action Plan can be to give self Realization to many people,especially children as after Self Realization people get transformed naturally
#SahajaYoga Self Realization protects people from accidental deaths & Natural disasters because it gives connection to God Almighty's power
Did you bring your heels with you dearie?
I despise you more with every breath you take, you are an exemplary of why foreign countries are smarter than the average American.
me and my family is legally indefensible. If and when our law enforcement decides to do its job, you'll all have to answer for your assault.
You have all hit me where it most hurts, what matters most to me: my family, public education, the people who serve to protect our country.
Unless those students have disabilities, right? Also, how do major budget cuts to education help anyone.....?
Does this include children who may potentially be deported thanks to @realDonaldTrump?
You are a travesty to our children's futures
Do us all a favor and jump in the flood waters

You mean you will continue to belittle real educators as you help your cronies open up for-profit schools resulting in poor test scores.
Start with stepping down and letting someone better qualified do the job. Which is just about anyone in the education field. #Education
So tell us since your trip what you do for the schools in Houston.
Don't make promises you can't keep. Your boss said he was donating 1 million to Texas then renigged.
Will you actually give funding to public schools that need help? Or try & sell your bullshit vouchers?
So are hard working teachers who are more educated than you going to get raises??
But only if they go to schools that give YOU money! Am I right?
Sticking to your charters?
Public schools, right @BetsyDeVosED ? 
You seem to forget you aren't working for YOUR company anymore. You work for US
Did you bring your check for a million since your rich
I have to do is read the Shock Doctrine by Naomi Klein. Then you'll know what will happen in Texas
Lol!!!! You have no clue. What money are you going to use? You have literally cut millions already!
This is of course a fine opportunity for your corporate pals who will profit mightily from this disaster. You're so transparent it's sick.
Oh So now you can tweet.. been tweeting you all year! So much for caring about education! Called your office too. Thanks for nothing
Please come, help, and pray for Texas. Just leave our schools alone!

Please close Washington DC Public Schools, documented decades of failed results. Talk with Fairfax Public Schools and Dr. Michelle Rhee!
Please close Washington DC Public Schools, documented decades of failed results. Talk with Fairfax Public Schools and Dr. Michelle Rhee!
Please close Washington DC Public Schools, documented decades of failed results. Talk with Fairfax Public Schools and Dr. Michelle Rhee...
Please close Washington DC Public Schools, documented decades of failed results. Talk with Fairfax Public Schools and Dr. Michelle Rhee.
Pls  close Washington DC Public Schools, documented decades of failed results. Talk with Fairfax Public Schools and Dr. Michelle Rhee!
Pls close Washington DC Public Schools, documented decades of failed results. Talk with Fairfax Public Schools and Dr. Michelle Rhee!
Please close Washington DC Public Schools, documented decades of failed results. Talk with Fairfax Public Schools and Dr. Michelle Rhee!
What's she going to do about south tx districts who can't open b/c #Harvey . Students get displaced &teachers/admin may have to look 4 woek.
I meant 'work'. Sorry tweeted b4  :)
You fools seem to be under the false impression that if you just jet down to TX and pretend to help, people will like you. NOPE.
A hurricane devastated TX. You are a category 5 hurricane for public education. #BetsyDeSaster.
Lol
The last thing you are qualified to do is help with education..instead of wasting people's time, you could send some money you harpy
How much have you do ated to relief effoets?  I m sure the cictims would appreciate it.
try fully funding federal mandates for schools!
Thank you...
Thank you Secretary DeVos. Prove these people wrong that you are for all students.TX and LA will need your help getting the kids back to sch
Resign. Visiting Tx Doesn't hide the fact that you destroying  education. Devry has defraud students shouldnt be involved dept of education.
If you and @realDonaldTrump resign the schools will have everything they need, you unqualified hack.
that's not how it works, sweetie
I'm sure you'll apply your considerable training in education and disaster management to the problem. 
Don't believe you sadly
Hey Betsy - Why not use the #25thamendment to take @POTUS out?
You want to take away the right to a decent education to a large number of students, but you're going to HELP them in TX? Right! *wink*
Spectrum Health launder money or data?  Which is it?
We don't want your help with out schools, you'll just ruin them more
They should give more funding to the schools you attended, that's for sure.
Great, we are already dealing with one disaster... we don't need another
i have zero confidence in that.
So progressive!
Lies lies lies.  Betsy DeVos the devil in a designer dress.
Maybe she'll swing by her 22,000 sq. ft. three (3) bedroom  "cottage"  lake Michigan this weekend. One of many such properties she owns.
Or she can visit one of Hillary's many homes
WTF does @BetsyDeVosED home have to do with anything? Poor trolling. 2/10
Perhaps she'll house some victims of  Harvey there since their pal, Joel Olsteen, seems to have no room at the inn for them.
WTF does Joel Osteen have to do with it? muh whataboutism! Not cost effective to send victims to MI. You haven't really thought this out
Where did victims of  Katrina go? Just stayed put? Nope. Many of "The evacuees were then transported to the Astrodome in Houston, Texas."
Please don't prey on those struggling people with your fraud colleges
Thank you! I hope you can ignore the comments of Hillary's haters
Oh just so you remember #institutions like #vouchers AREN'T choice for the #disability community. IJS.
What the need? Are you both resigning?
You are beyond vile
Be sure to protect them from the floating clumps of fire bears!
When you get a moment read this..
Heading to TX & LA with @POTUS to meet with Joel Osteen to congratulate him on the great work he's doing there.
Be sure to help public schools too. You know, the ones you don't usually like to visit & help. Tell them how cutting $9.2 billion will help.
While you're so close, go to the Rio Grande and put your precious wall up. Then get on the other side of it.
Hopefully you can borrow Melania's high heels for the photo ops.
Yea as long as they are in. Charter schools
DOE NEVER ensured students get what is needed before catastrophe. Only platitudes/ foto ops. Improve food programs,health care, libraries!
No, you mean go see possible money-making opportunities for you and your cronies. #Corruption
Return the school's to local communities. Remove  Starr testing.  You can't know everything about thousands of school districts.
Support #PublicEducation
Well they're screwed then.
Betsy, give our kids a chance to expand their minds, get rid of Starr testing in Texas. Let teachers teach.
You mean to exploit the destruction and end Texas Public Schools?  That's not the help they need.  That just helps your wealthy friends.
Isn't it a little early for April Fool's?
Too late for April Fools, too early for Halloween.
Somehow you promising to give schools the help they need rings a little hollow!!!!! You are doing everything you can to destroy education!!!
Wrong.
The Houston BoE has already agreed to provide 3 meals a day for students for the school year.  Talk about proactive for stressed families
Why did you retweet this?
Last stop before the big house bae?
Hey @BetsyDeVosED   Do you know the capital of Texas?
Yes! It's the letter T
Thank You
Hope you honestly mean that and not turn this into a political stump.
We don't want yall here!!!
Will you? After u both agreed to slash funding & allow private schools to funnel off more $?! There is special place for ppl who hurt kids.
It's called Trump's Administration.
Enjoy prison Betsy.  You certainly deserve it
Well the charter & private schools will!! Public, just keep fending for yourselves!
#DumpTheFrumpDeVos
Do you even care about our affected PUBLIC schools?
Nope
Trump’s Education Budget Feeds School Privatization At The Expense of Students http://bit.ly/2uWE0gH  via @BillMoyers
A sobering look at what Betsy DeVos did to education in Michigan-and what she might do as secretary of education -
Trump's Education Budget Would Hurt the Working Class - The Atlantic
DeVos voucher plan would exacerbate educational inequality | TheHill
Trump’s proposed after-school cuts could lead to more hungry kids, lower test scores - The Hechinger Report
Under Trump Budget, Nearly 2 Million Kids May Lose After-School Care : NPR Ed : NPR
Trump donates $100K to Dept of Ed. Only $9,199,900,000 to go to make up for his $9.2B in proposed education cuts.
