She handed out candy:
@BetsyDeVosED finally attends public school.
Another photo op that cost taxpayers $8 million! @BetsyDeVosED doesn't know the first thing about education.
Could you be any more full of BS?
A room full of people smarter than Betsy DeVos
Then they all must be light-years ahead of you....why so irrational?
Oh look black kids - DeVos is so relatable
She shouldn't be allowed to engage with children
Leave those children alone.
"look how the black children play just like white kids"
No pic with students of color makes up for policy decisions made, including hiring unethical and unqualified individuals. #DeVosHypocrite
The unqualified start at the top, Betsy DeVos. Totally unqualified, got the job by making big donations to GOP.
#CRUELLADEVOS will kill Public Schools & Pruitt will deregulate to deliver ROI, increasing the gap between the haves and have nots. Immoral.
Fake photo op
Betsy is looking at that girl like ..... "when you get to college, you'll be raped, Yeah!!!!"
Photo Op
Photo op with brown children. Did you reassure them the bears are being killed in their dens while sleeping, because of your stupid boss?
"Sorry children. I'm working actively to repeal your rights."
@BetsyDeVosED Smiles in kids face while sabotaging their public education.
Photo ops are not going to right @BetsyDeVosED's wrongs. She's in it to scam the system and have her cronies make more money.
She has done nothing to get rid of common core!
betsy devos ..wheres your "daughters of the south" hat?

You can not ever empathize with children of color as you got your job handed to you and they are going to have to work twice as hard.
Wow look at all of these colored children not paying attention to you way to go
Except for the cartoon fake smile on a person that approves rape
Distributes new globes.
Devos is a sham. Taking services away while POSING for pictures with the people whose lives she is intentionally making worse.
Nice photo opportunity,Betsy. Charter school?
You would have to go to a predominantly Black school for the photo op. You could careless about POC.Unqualified bigot. #Republiklans

Sweet picture
No vouchers unless accepted as FULL payment. Otherwise just a stipend for the super rich 50 thousand yr Schools!!
Those poor kids!!!!!!!  That woman shouldn't be allowed anywhere near children.
Just as I hope NO child ever comes in contact with you. Your irrational hatred makes you too unstable to be around kids.
Batsy De Vomit doing what we does best. Making me sick.
is that a public school...lol
You are awful and despicable!!!
@BetsyDeVosED  advocate for better schools? Misleading there... you're supposed to make schools better, not suck up to the private schools!
Oh, THIS is disgusting. Betsy, why are you catering to private schools? There's no way they can teach everyone, which is your JOB to support
Marxist Feminist teachers and Professors crushed the critical thinking skills of millions of vulnerable American children, ...who now vote.
Has DeVos evicted ANY Marxist Feminists from our school systems and universities?  NO?  Then she is FAILING!
Been eight months & this pay to play Secy of Ed. has done little but pose for photo opps!
Exactly where do the schools stand with doing away with as President Trump promised.
"Hi! It's me, Becky, I mean, Betsy, using children of color as props again!"
Don't invite this unqualified, corrupt woman 2 yr schools.
Betsy, please resign.  You have no business fouling a child's future with your schemes to reduce funds for public education
... and tells them how they're all f*cked cuz they're not the right color. #BuyAJobBetsy #Resign
My dog is more qualified for that job than her.  She paid her way into a job for which she has not one shred of qualification.
That's hilarious because all of those children are more qualified for DeVos's job than she is
Hope those first graders can teach Betsy how to spell!
Did you steal their lunch money???

#DumpDeVos
@BetsyDeVosED @CouncilComets too bad those kids are more qualified for your position and are surely more competent.
Perhaps she should visit some of the schools which were destroyed in Texas!
Photo Op Betsy!
Give her a break. She had to get out of there before the grizzly bears spotted her.
Time to ditch Common Core!
Did she talk about how much money that position cost her family? How rich her brother gets off govt military contracts?
Regardless of sex, the theme to his appointments is "incompetence."
Please don't bring anymore Charter schools tp America. Detroit still hasn't recovered from you and your husband destroying its schools.

