This country was built on the public school system. How dare you use your Amway money to subvert it. STAY AWAY FROM OUR CHILDREN.
DO YOU EVER VISIT PUBLIC SCHOOLS????
Look, no rows! You tweeted this one out yourself
All these comments are about people all caught up in their feelings and don't do reaserch. We are not a charter school. My school is amazing
I'm sure you love your school but it is private & does not accept all as do public schools. My tax $$ should not go to private schools.
KCA is an exploratoy learning school that has a diverse array of students that are lgbt and or have learning disabilities.
Diversity is one thing. Accessibility is another.
I bet the b**** believes in eugenics
@newtgingrich we nd vocational schools bck high schools,students r stuck in terrible one size fits all,so much knowledge not being passed on
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendmentNow
This is not new @DEvos  catch up
your depraved behavior toward rape victims really makes me wonder if your sons raped girls in college and u were angry you had 2 pay victims
Wow! You got your hands dirty and it wasn't from handing out bribe money.
Thank you Sec DeVose for working so hard to fix the mess you were left with!

How about you take a hands-off approach, Betsy. Hands off our schools!
Computer coding is also a hands on activity with 6 figure starting salaries.
They were not impressed by you.
Thank you!
Public education? Stop promoting private schools. Do your job.
Afraid of losing your job?  Worry about our children!
It's a culinary class. Students earn a certificate towards a culinary degree. They maintain a garden & cook lunch for all their peers daily.
And our taxpayers should go to 275 student charter schools that pay CEO salaries? Puhleeze. No.
http://www.houstonchronicle.com/news/education/amp/Small-Houston-charter-school-pays-top-dollar-to-12332395.php …
Wow you managed to use "hands-on learning" and "empowerment" in the same tweet! It must mean you know something abt education! #unqualified
NO QUALIFYING CHARACTERISTICS FOR THE JOB YOU HAVE.
I am inspired with the passion you have for the students. would you accept to partner with my school in Zambia?
You do know all public schools start hands on learning at Pre-K right? Oh yeah, never had to step foot in a public school #RethinkDevos
Come to the Los Angeles Unified School District. You will see this in happening in public school too. Visit us.
Again, you miss the point. Public schools have these programs. Come see them. Fund them. You seem excited but keep missing big picture.
Why is no one talking about the gap in the quality of education between special needs students and mainstream students??
Promote them preparing food before you take away their lunch. 
#Somethingwrong here

Thank you K-School students - brilliant question at end of video - brilliant protest! https://m.dailykos.com/stories/2017/9/29/1702700/-Betsy-DeVos-faces-absolutely-stunning-silent-protest-at-Harvard?detail=facebook …

Betsy Devos -pro rape
What is different from good teaching and student focused education! Good teaching is student focused .
2.7 Million Children Have A Parent Incarcerated Education Future! Activities Freedom & Safety
Come on, admit it, money bags: you don't have a clue.
Get your head out of your pocketbook and go visit public schools. You've only visited private or charter schools. Public does the same thing
Will you be cutting their funding too?
Come to Vermont.
We should #rethinkschool from a person who never taught a single day & came from an insular world of wealth and privilege? Not this teacher.
You have zero teaching experience.  You have zero experience with public school. My dog is more qualified for your job
This administration lacks 
INTEGRITY 
EMPATHY
RESPECT
COURAGE
RESPONSIBILITY 
COMPASSION
& certainly does not contribute to a better world
"The natural world"
Ideas of recurring cycles and cause and effect.....SOUNDS LIKE SCIENCE
SOUNDS LIKE CLIMATE CHANGE
#resign
#DUMPDEVOS
And it boasts to become ethical people BAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAJAJAJAHHA #DUMPDEVOS
Per their own website they are the only private school
You are clueless. You can go to any public school across this nation & see student-centered, hands on learning. Photo ops aren't experience.
No school truly concerned about the future of its students would allow @BetsyDeVosED withing 10o feet of its doors.
PUBLIC EDUCATION IS GREAT TOO
I am honored walk beside you. Have a Good One .!!!  
You're awesome.
You are in charge of public schools!  Maybe you should visit one of those instead of constantly visiting charter schools.
We're not a charter school
Your shameless promotion of private and charter schools is a slap in the face to every public school staffer and the taxpayers who fund them
#kakistocracy
Welcome to Missouri Secretary DeVos!
Public schools make America great. Logic and SCIENCE need to be in school, not money making "religious' private pseudo education
Seriously? Name a school that doesn't cook ( cutting fruit?) and work with clay. Betsy, you're so sadly clueless.
-guess what?!?! Public schools are way ahead of u!! They have been doing "hands on"!! Ever been inside a pub school?? Oops! Not enoug $$ 4 u
What do you know, public schools do this too. #ReThinkDevos
How about you THINK about anyone besides yourself and how much money you and your family can make off of SCREWING us!!
resign
Lunch menu needs more cookies 
What have you done for the students lately. Threatening to take public dollars and give to the private sector. Improve the public school sys
Is that all you do? Visit private  schools??? Yes. Public schools do this too!!
She never replies to those of us Who would really like a sit down to talk about what public education can do for all kids.
Great idea. Have you invited her with a promise to be open minded and civil? She was hostilely treated at previous PS visits.
But you wouldn't be interested. Those inner city students learn advanced academics rather than food prep.
While in KC you should visit the Kauffman academy so you can see how people with money can influence education, rather than political agenda
Every school teaches hands on learning. Catch up Betty
You can't even spell her name right get out
This used to be standard in all schools. Was call Home Ec.: cooking, sewing, hygiene, bed making, etc. Shop classes also need to come back.
most attend PUBLIC SCHOOL, charters are BS and anyone who looks at Detroit schools knows it. YOU ARE CLUELESS.
Lessons #BetsyDeVos learned in school.
Empower public SCHOOLS! Stop the PR propaganda for private schools
There's room for all schools; public is not the only option.
We're not a charter school though so...
Great Betsy!
They're a #bot. Or an incredibly xenophobic and ignorant person. 

Don't mind them a bit.
Not a bot.  Just someone with an opinion different than yours.
Speaking of 'hands on'
what policy allows Schools to groom
 young children in sexual techniques? 
Put a stop to pervert,sexual ed  #children
I am a student at KCA, it is a safe space to our lgbt students like myself. We are liberale, we promote equality and we open our minds.
Actually no not really. All the public schools I've been too which are like at least six or seven jave been awful to lgbt students
#ReEmpower public schools!
#RethinkDeVos the #unqualified #swampwater #ivorytowerelitistcoward that bribed her way into a seat she did nothing to earn. No honor.
End race-based Affirmative Action in higher education. It's racial discrimination against whites and Asians. Base AA on income, not race.
I wish you would be hands off w the Dept of Ed. You have no clue. Only care about making $$ for yourself.

#Resign
#DumpDeVos
#PayForPlay
Our Dept of Education has been needing someone like you! Thinking outside the box for our children's education. Thank you Secretary Devos!
You spelled five words wrong in this tweet... JUST KIDDING. #psych
Bet you were excited to be the first response to Sec. DeVos have you told all your friends?  Get a life!
There students are so powerful. Hope fully they can help fight against grizzly bares.
Your grammar is terrible.
Betsy loves the manual labor.
