More than you will ever be for someone so educated you're quite stupid and not qualified for this up resign please
Why does everybody assume everyone is a liberal socialist
Incredibly saddened to learn you are still secretary of education.
Yes, we do need more strong educational leaders. One of those true educators should replace you.
and to borrow a line from the great Neil Young.... "You're only real with your makeup on"
she is being paid off....  for her enormous contribution to the trump
duh.... she's in the position as payback for her enormous contribution to his campaign  (hence: she is being paid off)
Please explain why he was such a distinguished educator.
I'm surprised you didn't turn this into a photo op.
Help us in NJ. Warren twp implementing a six days schedule. Rid Common Core
You mean the opposite of what you are. May he RIP.  #resign #DrainTheTrump Seamp
literally have no idea how your point relates to this thread. @BetsyDeVosED wants more 'educated' voters like you #clueless


Betsy, dear, can we please discuss the importance of the liberal arts?
Somehow he's still accomplishing more than you.
So, like the polar OPPOSITE of YOU?
It was your talk of gutting the public school system, pissing on college students and you're corrupt voucher talk that killed him.  Quit
Do you know what the word liberal means?  You must be in one of DeVos "special schools" if you think that's an insult.
And less like you. Oh wait...you're not an educator at all. 
You are the worst cabinet member this country has ever seen. Have you seen yourself speak? And your the secretary of what?! #getagrip
Too bad you don't know how to educate.@realDonaldTrump ran on Stopping Common Core you haven't done anything to stop gov run schools Useless
You are the polar opposite of all those things.
Clearly not a loon. A loon is a bird. Birds cannot use Twitter. Therefore, not a loon.
A quack?
Good one! Roasted duck! Yum yum.
A distinguished educator. Amazing you admire someone who actually cares about contributing to education instead of squeezing  from it
How can educators in High Schools get kids 2 stay off cell phones during school? Need help.Hands tied. want 2 teach but 2 many distractions.
My cuz says that her hands r tied. I thought maybe label each at door & put in a box till the end of school/class. Kids need 2 pay attention
I am not sure why or if she can. She never explained how her hands were tied. I think the teachers are scared of the kids myself.

In 2006, interestingly, his votes split 50-50 between "liberal" & "conservative"
This is rare air for any politician!
Pray for his family!


Senate Democrats 'deeply troubled' by 'racist, bigoted' views shared by Trump education appointees http://politi.co/2jYsGeb  via @politico
BUT UR OK TO LEARN UR BOSS IS A RACIST NEO-NAZI SYMPATHIZER! OH U ALREADY KNEW THAT!
Sorry about Vern, but really the nation is more worried about the Nazi violence and the death of educational
Betsy doesn't have the qualifications to be a teacher's aide, but she donated enough money so @realDonaldTrump made her Secretary of Ed.
She is a complete joke. I'm not sure how she sleeps at night, knowing she bought her job & is actively harming students
I suspect it is pretty easy.

When you give a lot of money, most organizations will treat you like you are smart.
I suspect she has never held a job based on merit in her adult life, so she has never had to deal with real feedback.
In a strange way, I suspect that she is very sheltered and probably doesn't know any better.
Love you Betsy, keep fighting for our children
@BetsyDeVosED America needs Civics classes in our public schools. Pride happens when duties of citizenship are taught.  @realDonaldTrump
Oh Betsy honey - nobody listens to your dribble.  Listen to @POTUS
We could use an educator in the cabinet seat of Secretary of Education. I miss that.
Wasn't he the "science" congressman who believed in promoting science and math in the public schools?  Heed your own advice
The only sad thing was that it wasn't you
Incredibly saddened to learn that people like you can buy your way into government.
Very impressive person. Had no idea of his physics side. Thanks for sharing. Great to hear positive stories.
Really? I'll google him to see. Can't believe a word any of Trumps cabinet says.
Incredibly saddened tp learn that you haven't resigned your unwarranted government post. Maybe a few days will clear your pathetic mind.
t
You need to resign your post immediately....then you would be seen in higher regards. Just saying....
.@BetsyDeVosED I KNEW you'd be the worst Education Secretary in US history--but I did NOT KNOW you would coddle NAZI sympathizers! #RESIGN
If you want to truly honor him, LEAVE your position. Paying off Senators is an insult to all educators & children.
Thank you for trying to make our school's better for everyone.
Incredibly saddened to hear you support nazis.
Former Democratic Texas governor Mark White dies at 77 on aug 5, where is your tweet for him
Yes we could in your position.
Batshit crazy Betsy is still around?
And less like you!
Where's your comments on Charlottesville? Actually educators are worried about start of school. Fake leaders fuel the fire. #complicit
@BetsyDeVosED can you resign please . Thanks
Sending condolences; This is very true, we need more distinguished educators and public servants who are not constrained by Common Core.
THAT'S ME....HOW MANY TIMES HAVE I DIED HERE PPL?

Apparently you haven't met a public school educator. Then again you probably couldn't find a public school! #TROLL
Distinguished educator and public servant - two things you will NEVER be. You're an absolute disgrace.

It is. Opposite of you two, and your brother Erik...
Someone who is not an educator: you
@Italians4Trump And less like you.
Resign
   Secretary Bobblehead!
We sure could...you should resign so that someone actually qualified can step in.
And WAY LESS like you!

With unqualified hacks like you, anyone would be more useful.
May he Rest In Peace 
You have no clue who he is
No courtesy... you people who post this crap on a notice of a gentleman's passing are disgusting. Classless one and all....Rest in peace Sir
And less like you. He earned is spot. You bought yours. To the intern forced to writenthis drivel, im sorry.
And we could use people less like you
You're right, we could use more like him. You are not it.
#dumpdevos
You're awful.
We could use less like you, and my condolences to Ehlers' family.
