FACT: arts programs produce better students, and funding continues to cut them. That's what you get when rich white people are in charge
So sad, the US Dept of Education cut funding/grant that promoted college readiness for minorities the Upward Bound was a saving grace;l. :(
Please expedite

These "options" are not for "every American." Your assault on public schools is un-American and are aimed to punish the poor.  Resign now.
Get rid of common core & give kids back edible lunches


A veiled agenda to provide unequal ed. opps and more taxes for working class so the rich don't have to pay for Biff to go to private school.
How will cutting Pell grants and loans help me finish school. Sincerely, HOPEFULLY a FUTURE SPECIAL EDUCATION TEACHER.
Defend public schools rather than cripple them.
We all need to send Trump a letter about this useless lady She has done nothing to help public schools
You're a focused Rockstar Betsy! It's an honor for me to say you're my Sec of Ed!!
Really? Wow...
My college is $2000 per class. Loans, which u plan on cutting still don't cover everything. $1500 out of pocket. How'd your plan help me?

DeVos's Education Dept cancels deal with consumer bureau to fight student loan fraud http://hill.cm/C8hBDxu  
@POTUS You ran on stopping Common Core Why hasn't @BetsyDeVosED done anything to stop this crap She hasn't done anything for Public schools
Does that include protections for disabled and LGBT students? Based on yr previous statements, probably not. Entitled and w/o heart. Sad.
Schools need to practice conflict resolution, using suspension only as a last resort.
Focus "must" include as priority inner cities of Detroit, Philadelphia, Chicago, St.Louis....Otherwise those folks continue to be left out.
Betsy:  This is an interesting article, if you haven't seen it:  http://www.americanthinker.com/articles/2017/08/the_end_of_government_schools.html#.WY6HgDSrrOo.twitter …
I go to a Christian, private college. At univ, is be paying $1500 per class, with books. I make $2000 a month.

Public schools are a valid option!
Privatizing education to subsidize private schools who aren't required 2 admit ALL students or be subject 2 the same rules as public schools
@pgmckim @BetsyDeVosED @SecretaryAcosta She was in Portland a few weeks ago why does private schools need to be subsidize no
Please get these so called "teachers, professors" out of our children's schools!! End common core now!!
When will we be able to express our liberty utilizing School Choice with Vouchers?
I don't support ANYTHING your ignorant mind comes up with.
It is a shame that you say you are a follower of Jesus and then show us something different.  Resign.
When can we expect education changes?  I haven't heard a thing.  My granddaughter goes to Christian school.  Would love $$ relief.  $500/mo.
How about budgeting adequate funding to public schools for increased teacher count, vo-tech learning, and focusing on a well rounded plan?
That dumb, clueless smile though... @BetsyDeVosED
Do you only talk about/visit charters? Have you ever been to a public school?
Betsy:  America asks two things of you.  1.  Get Liberalism out of our schools.  2.  Put God back in them.   MAGA!
Every American student who is in. Private or charter schools? Let's stop lying to each other. You only care about rich students.
The secretary of education cannot even write an intelligent sentence.
So full of it.
Can't wait until you are gone hopefully sooner than later. But still only three years & 4 months ... we will fight you every step of the way
It's all about that charter money making owners rich. Misuse of tax money and fraud.
What's new that you've done? Have you resigned? That's the new I want you to do. #NeverDeVos
Betsy, are you calculating how many yachts you will be able to buy after this joke is over? Can you please do so in Common Core format?
A do nothing secretary billionaire that has no clue what she is doing
All you did was make big campaign donations so you got the big door prize. You have no experience and you don't belong in our wh.
Quit. You're doing a disservice to students and schools. God has no place in a classroom. You ruined MI schools.
You go girl!
did you see what happened at Brentwood Academy? That's what happens when private schools are not accountable
No good options.  We know what you're up to and we will do everything in our power to stop it.
All this tweeting and no one is telling us how this is going to help ME now.
You're such an embarrassment & detriment to education in America. Money got your position, money is your objective, American children lose.
Stop pushing your #JesusAgenda Tax $ should NOT go to faith based schools. #NoVouchers #FundPublicEd
Lies
RUSSIAN  BROWN NOSERS & TRAITORS
Trump’s proposed after-school cuts could lead to more hungry kids, lower test scores - The Hechinger Report
Budget cuts force closure of local after-school program -
Under Trump Budget, Nearly 2 Million Kids May Lose After-School Care : NPR Ed : NPR
Trump donates $100K to Dept of Ed. Only $9,199,900,000 to go to make up for his $9.2B in proposed education cuts.
Trump’s Education Budget Feeds School Privatization At The Expense of Students http://bit.ly/2uWE0gH  via @BillMoyers
A sobering look at what Betsy DeVos did to education in Michigan-and what she might do as secretary of education -
Trump's Education Budget Would Hurt the Working Class - The Atlantic
DeVos voucher plan would exacerbate educational inequality | TheHill
For rural America, school choice could spell doom
Support American values:  Public Education (not "education for corporate profit"!)
.betsy is what u get when u buy your way in over ambitious under qualified @DebbieLesko @dougducey
Resign @BetsyDeVosED
Public education. Mandate equitable access for all!

LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE. I wouldnt believe one word coming out of ur mouth, even if ur tongue was notarized. U r fired in 3 yrs 3 months.
Proud of you Betsy. Great Progress!

New options - for stockholders.

You must have been "tutored" on spewing dribble by Kellyanne Conway.  Betsy DeVosED - GRADE F!  Stop pretending Betsy!

Please resign
Betsy...you said ALL Americans. I think you meant "rich, white, and willing to give me money!"
Don't forget Christian.
Also, since we're talking education "American" can refer to anyone from the Americas. Not just the US.
Betsy:  Great work so far!  Keep working toward private schools and vouchers for parents to choose.  The NEA is a cancer on America.

You do not support every American student, Betsy. Only the ones you deem worthy.
@nwlc alum was head of T9?? Insane!!!
Take your earnings and hide.
Zero experience.
Get a job that you're intellectually qualified for, please. Does one exist? I'd hate to insult fast food workers by suggesting McDonald's
Give me a break. You only care about making money.
#ImpeachTrump #DumpDeVos
Thank you for stepping down to let someone qualified do the job. Oh wait that's right. You don't care about education, only kickbacks.
You’re like that monkey who just hits the drum. No other skills, talents, or talking points besides “SCHOOL CHOICE!!!”
Barf

