NEW! National and state-level Adjusted Cohort Graduation Rates announced for 2015-16 school year: https://nces.ed.gov/ccd/tables/ACGR_RE_and_characteristics_2015-16.asp … @EdNCES 
They call the ceremonies ‘commencements’ for a reason. Our goal is that every student will graduate well-prepared for what comes next.
When will Common Core be stopped ?  I have not heard any more on Common Core.
Common core is good for certain subject.
Please explain which subjects ?
Reading and math. It’s much harder to teach and learn, but gives students a deeper learning of the how and why instead of just memorizing
So would you recommend keeping those parts ( Math and Reading) and get rid of the other parts of the Common Core?  I would like to see some studies of the math and reading scores but your comments sound feasible.
Common core is only for ELA and Math.
While not implemented nationally, its good for Social Science/History as well. Teaches more skills versus facts.
Absolutely. I use the literacy in social studies standards every day!
@IESResearch @EdNCES resign
If you contact me, you will be amazed at what you don't know that is the most important thing for your success or failure. Many people know it, but few are afraid to  talk about it but me. This is bigger than anything you could imagine. I care about your success. 770-856-0579
You bought this position with $200 million in donations to Republicans. You haven't the slightest clue about education and education policy. Resign.
That is mean, it’s crazy how you some of you teachers are behaving as a parent for along time I have not had a voice in my child’s education Besty Devos  has given mother’s like me hope and a say so!
You must be looking at some numbers and that is the exact problem of our school system weird about numbers in test scores and not even paying attention to the quality of Education or the level of Education these kids get at so-called graduation time
Then enact school choice to provide school competition in delivery of quality education among all nonprofit schools, public or non public, where the fixed education funding for every child follows that child’s chosen school!!!
Your second sentence is a fragment.
Charter schools aren't effective and they exacerbate racial inequalities:
The journey you keep trying to make harder?  Not everyone can afford college on their own and even more can't afford to pay for them when they're done with college.
you should complain about #CHEMTRAILS being bad for the kids and exacerbating urban asthma in schoolkids. Chemtrails are AWFUL.
Chemtrails are imaginary. You're thinking of pollution from cars or industry
I'd like to personally thank our former Secretary of Education, Arne Duncan for the improvements shown.
Common core is a blast. Thanks
Get rid of Common core!
You're awful.
Keep up the good work Betsy, if we could just force oregon to concentrate on the kids instead of their pensions...
STFU. You know nothing about the field of education. Except guns are needed in school in case of bears. 
Ms. Devos, people are aware that graduation isn’t the end of life and there is time that both precedes and follows it.
It’s sad that. Obama the black x Muslin President can’t accept being a citizen! He spends his time traveling around the world trashing Trump! Is he ever going to accept his failure of the only job he ever had?
Jackie why so negative
Cheers for you
Obama 90/10 rule killed online education for stay at home mothers, disabled vets and people caring for elderly
#RethinkDeVos.  As our children are forced to struggle to succeed, her swamp of bribery and unqualified political appointment is a blemish on our nation and dishonors all who sacrificed in true service to this country. When @realDonaldTrump realappointed her he kneeled... sad
to poverty you mean? yes so much to look forward to when liveable wages are not in the equation
This is a well thought out and intelligent message. Please congratulate your ghost writer.
Yeah like you know the difference between proficiency and growth...
That’s why my children will only attend a pubic community college or public university. You give for profit schools a bad name.
....... to student loan payments that Betsy made worse.
It certainly isn’t due to anything you have done. You and your ilk would like to send all but the privileged few back to the dark ages. Resign and let someone with knowledge and a heart do the job you are so unqualified to do.
Right another lifelong journey to your loan company so they can TRY to go to college and then be in debt to you and yours for the rest of their life.
Unqualified twat
Amen! Thoses who:
 ~Finish HS.
~Get a full-time job.
~Wait til 21 to get married/kids.
Only about 2 % end up in poverty.
Brookings-R.Haskins
You had nothing to dodo with the 15-16 school year. You came I just before the end of the year. Remember to give credit to your predecessors.
Let politicians, teachers, community leaders, ministers & parents communicate the truth that if US kids: 
1~Finish high school, 
2~Get a full-time job 
3~Wait until age 21 to get married & have kids,
only about 2 % end up in poverty.
Brookings-Ron Haskins, March 13, 2013
Let politicians, teachers, community leaders, ministers & parents communicate the truth that if US kids: 
1~Finish high school, 
2~Get a full-time job 
3~Wait until age 21 to get married & have kids.
only about 2 % end up in are in poverty.
Brookings-Ron Haskins, March 13, 2013
So far , you haven't been investigated or indicated for anything , so I guess you've been doing ok, as far as trump's administration is concerned.
Who are you kidding anything & everything you do in education hurts are kids. You are not qualify. Please resign! It could be the first thing you do that actually helps our kids!
Too bad your administration is making higher education unaffordable!
You, much like the administration you are working for, have done absolutely zero to help 99% of the students in this country. You have enacted zero policies that have affected anything. I wonder what you do each day to pass the time because it sure is not professional development
Hunts for bears and pencils.
How about mandating the exclusion of creationism from public school science classes and including real science based sex education? You are creating generations of scientific illiterates like yourself.
You cannot take credit - look at the year of service.
But 2015-16 graduations have nothing to do with you!  This is before your disastrous policies were in place!
STOP ALLOWING MY KIDS TO BE BRAINWASHED BY LIBERALISM IN SCHOOL!!!
You know what else will be worthy of celebration?  When you are tossed out on the street like the useless garbage you are.  Tick tock, Betsy.
Does that journey include being installed into a position that one is totally unqualified for? Or perhaps spending $200 mil for that job? 
#moron #REsign #IBoughtMyPosition #peepeegate #goldenshowers #RoyMooreChildMolestor
It’s important to have someone qualified for the position of Secretary of Education!  Some type of educational background at PhD level you are not qualified for this position!
Funny... those rates are based on previous administration, not your doing.  Taking credit?  What’s 2+2?
Improvements for students are made by the hardworking public education community not anything else.
How is it that you got a position you’re ill prepared for? Could it be privilege?
Yes...kids can graduate, hope they come from affluence like you did, make more money from a "company" like Scamway, and buy a governmental position for which they're unqualified. You are not a role model and should have no part in our kids' education! #boughtandpaidfor #hack
That next step: paying off student loan debt with high interest rates.
https://interc.pt/2kkwOHL 

This is your brother Betsy. This is why you have your job. Maybe the staffer who tweets for you will read it and realize the danger you and your brother pose to us all.
It is not all about writing & arithmetic but the Heart that changes culture & leads one to reach their fullest God given potential using their God given gifts with moral character, love, respect for All. Inspire Dreams, Hope & Faith will change a culture of dysfunction & hatred
Since 25% of students are visually impaired, addressing our students vision needs to be top priority.
Did you see the report on an elementary school in Florida who did away with common core and is excelling above the other ones that continue to use it? That is good news.
Unless that next step is college and your family is not well off, right?  Because according to you and this entire administration college is only for the rich and the rest of us should become good little worker bees for the corporations.
Why are you undermining the public education system and enriching yourself at the tax payers expense?
Have you no heart? Have you no shame?
No, she doesn’t.
Do t know what research your looking at. Cause what I have see most of the schools say that this generation is lacking in mathematics,reading.so better fact check that one.
Yes betsy...because after graduation you expect them to beco.e maids and slaves to your 1%. Not gonna happen old woman. We will fight!!
Go home, Betsy, and leave education to people that have a clue.
And now that the tax break for student loan interest and the student loan forgiveness program may be eliminated, there will be less qualified teachers to celebrate their students' accomplishments. You don't deserve this position!
Thank you Mrs. DeVos. People who truly care about education appreciate all that you do.
There couldn’t have been a worse choice for Sec. of Education than you! We all know you bought your way in. You know 0 about education. You are hurting the teachers, students and schools. Smarten up get rid of common core. Six steps to add 2+2
Stop acting like you care about education and/or students. We all know you don't. Those of us here in MI have seen you in action for years. Got your position in the criminal administration b/c of donations, nothing else.
#CruellaDeVos' attempt at inspiring fall flat, coming from someone who's leading the decimation of #PublicSchools4America. Countries that educate people for free, including college, are known for quality of education and social well-being. She should go back to just being rich.
This is how she plans to stay rich. Squeeze tax payer money for private religious schools. She doesn’t give a crap about special needs kids.
Gawd Betsy, just stop it. Get them ready for their corporate drone existence and stop sugar coating it.
And with the new #goptaxscam you can all thank @BetsyDeVosED for minimum pay jobs, as most public not for profit Universities will not have the talent pool of professors to teach you, as she takes away loan forgiveness programs for public service professions!
Where do you think Research and education happens @johnyrags? Where do you think the nurses and doctors taking care of you and your loved ones come from? Where do you think the engineers, architects, social workers, chemist, biologist,... come@from? Mostly public Universities!
If people can’t pay their student loans with what the public service pays, there will no longer be professionals that can make more on the private sector in the public sector. Making it harder isn’t the answer!
I took a nearly 40% pay cut to go into academia. Because I care about the profession I’m in and academics are in low supply. No one ever went into academia thinking they were going to get rich!
I think it's important to bring back Health classes to replace the perverse "sex-ed" so that children can learn cause & effect & to use their power to say NO, STOP to the Dem Union & others who allow TMI that's PC vs healthy & informative. Same with History stop the Islamization
You mean bring back the abstinence-based health classes that contributed nothing to lowering the rates of teen pregnancy?  While do you want to increase unplanned teen pregnancies?
A life long journey to becoming an educational success. Thank you for being such an important part of my success.

#SchoolChoice 
#MySchoolChoice
#UnitedWeCan 
#ThankYou
#SchoolChoiceWorks
Get Texas to end STARR testing. Let our teachers teach and our children learn. We are robbing both of reaching their potential.
LIYING #PAYTOPLAY B1TCH

You gonna take away Pat's money now for failing to secure your #HillsdaleHandout and making the school a national laughingstock? #PatToomey
Every high school graduate should understand the Constitution. If we do anything at the Federal level, it should be to ensure non-partisan Constitution instruction.
Very positive editorial in today's NYPost supporting #SchoolChoice.
Why Trump should make school choice his next big fight http://nyp.st/2iRLIF8  
Graduation rates are inflated in Alabama. These stats are pretty widely manipulated.
Resign already. 

Please. 

Just go ahead and take YOUR next step in YOUR "lifelong journey". We're begging you. Go. Now. Hurry.
That gif perfectly describe you
Awwww.... you're cute, huh?
Yup.
Funny to see you typing away in a mindless void
Likewise. And welcome to Twitter. 
No worries, I've been here for ~7 months.
Not like I need schooling from some delusional never trumper
Bahahahahahahaha. 7 Months. 

Oh boy. Watch out now.
It’s a step in a long journey toward crushing debt! Go buy an island and never come back.
