Very good way to learn. I wish more schools did this.
They do.
That's good, not where I live. Way overcrowded and it seems there is never enough money in the budget.
Well, @BetsyDeVos certainly won't help with THAT issue. She wants to take public school funding away!
That's not true, she wants to make sure the money that is spent. is put to best use & not wasted on frivolous programs that are useless.
No, she absolutely does not..
Yes she does, you have been brain washed by the liberal teachers union. You need to wake up & do what's best for kids & not the Union.
Haha you are replying to a 30 year in the field non union public school teacher. Try again and don't tell me what's good for kids I know.
Excellent. We go to the zoo at our public school and they come and visit as well.
It's a school focus program at our local zoo, not just a field trip
Yes, many of them across country. My issue is that DeVos thinks excellent education is unique when it is happening daily in public schools
i agree completely!! Some people are just viewing this as a visit to the zoo when in reality it's a great opportunity for our community!!
It's not a field trip. The school is based in the zoo. It's a public school, just with more science focus.
Well that's what you implied. This school actually is quite special as is LPS's arts focused 1. & students were protesting DeVos today.
would that zoo be the senate and the house?
Y'all who're confused about this: the school is at the zoo. It's called Zoo School. Students apply if they want go and go for all 4 years.
Time for schools to update their educating students for future jobs in America. Thank you @BetsyDeVosED for forward looking edu programs.
Are you serious?  A field trip is a new learning style? - lady you haven't seen anything yet.  Is this field new to you?
It's the science focus program at our local zoo, a real school, not a field trip
Thank-you for clarifying but it still isn't anything new for those those of us who teach
Maybe it’s a surprise to you but field trips to zoos aren’t a new thing . You’re so below your unelected and appointed position. Scum  w/$
The Lincoln Zoo School is a public school and the reason why we don't need your charter schemes or vouchers in Nebraska.
Unfortunately so many public schools have had so much funding cut, affording this would be unattainable.
A zoo is a prison for an animal, one cannot know a tiger in a zoo.

Boy oh boy, something else public schools do, too. Field trips for the win. #ReThinkDevos
Hey, @BetsyDeVosED. You missed this LPS student's speech yesterday. She's pretty amazing. So are our public schools. https://www.facebook.com/nicole.hagood/videos/10159264330310632/ …
It's a science focus program where kids attend half or more of their day of school at the zoo, not just a field trip
Senate Democrats 'deeply troubled' by 'racist, bigoted' views shared by Trump education appointees http://politi.co/2jYsGeb  via @politico
DeVos refuses to say on sending her kids to Milwaukee voucher school. Just 2% proficient in math and 0% in English.
It’s unconscionable that our top Education official won't commit to speaking out against discriminatory policies:
The DeVos Dynasty: A Family of Extremists -
They are some of the lowest form of scum. Her brother can’t even live in the country. 

How does this help the majority of students in this country? You are DETERMINED to ignore your JOB which is public ed.
Her job is to peddle influence and pollute the US with filthy abomination of Christianity. #gfoad #blackwater #scum
A zoo is a good metaphor for your leadership style. #resign & #MAGA
Teach kids how to visit the WH!
Please resign.
look!!! I went to a field trip to a zoo!!! How outside the box!! I sure am showing everyone "rethinking" schools. Jesus saves.
You bought your job.
Betsy honey are your medications off?  You don't seem to have had an ORIGINAL idea in the last 48 hour!  This isn't charades.
That's odd I thought your party didn't believe in science.
GO TO A PUBLIC SCHOOL FOR A CHANGE.
But you government types want us to use traditional, standardized tests to measure learning of these experiences. #rethinkgovernment
You haven't a clue...
#TeThinkBetsyDevos
Come visit Calumet New Tech Schools if you want a non-traditional approach.
The only reason that @BetsyDeVosED's family ever went to the zoo was to go hunting.
Had an incredible visit @LPSScienceFocus: a non-traditional learning style in a non-traditional setting, the local zoo! #ReThinkSchool 
And a public school!  #gopublic
I wouldn't count on it
It must be an eye opener Betty to see how real schools can function without being charters.
If there are bears there did you ensure all kids are armed with guns?
Btw that's a public school. Great model. We need more schools like this.Forest schools, nature schools, outdoor schools--all #publicschools
Resign.
Resign.
Yep one million a month taken out of the dept. Of edu. budget. She's deplorable.
So we spent 8 million dollars of tax payer money for Betty to go to the zoo?
Any school willing to host the likes of @BetsyDeVosED  doesn't truly care about students
Just like the non-traditional way you #BoughtYourJob ?
So... a field trip. What a sheltered life you've led.
Wow the Zoo!! How 21st century!!
Wish the primates would have thrown poop on you #dumberthanamonkey
Resign.
Not sure we need to Rethink School - u will be surprised by the amazing stuff that occurs in public schools if u would take the time to look
@usedgov @LPSScienceFocus WHO ARE YOU KIDDING? Betsy DeVos is nothing but a hack!
All you have done for 6 months is travel around on the taxpayer's dime. When are you going to do some WORK?!? Do you even know HOW to work!?
For profit zoo?
Did they feed you?
Something she has NO control over, hazel.  Go finish off another bottle or 2 of gin.
I'll send you over another case of bronzer and some Peach Schnapps. I know you're out.
Jealous white people with no career worth speaking of are sooo entertaining.  Your receding hairline though! 
Innovating learning to meet the needs of all different learning styles. Cookie cutter learning doesn't cut it.
Keep up the great work Betsy.
The zoo sounds like a great place for you and the rest of the trump administration to hang out.  In confined quarters, behind bars
Psst...learning styles don't exist... #learningscience #itsathing
Smart hands washing need gloves. Age group & iQ levels. Parents jobs visit to zoo. Scam building codes u see never paint cash in pockets©
U never see interior not maintain unlicensed on payrolls! Unaccredited degrees sole management of budget. B addicts in practices! Unfit ©
Fraud loan b for medical transcription! Unaccredited school & unaccredited bank! B gone after a few weeks! B on legal side preferred medical
80 wpm b all women @ChicagosMayor running Frauds in dual colors. Zoologist career of UIC in Urbana see unfit from EU of islands  as theft
At risk @CIA for identity fraud at hands of unlicensed practices in teaching! ®™©already experienced crimes of lawyers Refunds all
ARA animals rights activists systems of systemic failure in oversight minimum age is college entry at 16-17 with parents consent Advance
Diploma vs accredited public college courses. ©™® simple teacher must hold credentials as zoologist from UIC university or Nebraska State
Zoologist licensed in Lincoln Nebraska ©™®Close Africa scammers now 
This is great for those who want to be a vet but I bet the allergies can be troublesome.
#CensureTrump #Censure  #HR496
We've been covering Joe Arpaio for more than 20 years. Here's a couple of things you should know about him... 1/many
Resign
Ok.  Now, can we rethink the secretary of education?
Did you encounter any grizzlies you had to shoot?

#DumpDeVos

Your mindset and theoglical approach to education belongs in a zoo I'll give you that
A Gila Monster? Well, shoot--git out the guns!!!
The over-reaction to this is amusing. Half say it's **crazy** to take kids to zoos, the other half say "public schools go to zoos too".
It's a school at the zoo, kids spend half of their school days there, it's not just a field trip for every student, Zoo kids have to apply
