Productive meeting with @BetsyDeVosED & @usedgov about the importance of innovation & multiple pathways to success in our education system. 
Protect victims of campus assault, Betsy.
It is not the federal government's job to control individual actions on independent campuses
Protections are absolutely the role of government in educationZ
Please, will you show me in the Constitution where it says anything about that.
Not a chance I would waste even a second more of my time on you. Go yell at clouds and stay out of my schools.
So you can't answer me. I don't want to be in your schools. And the federal government shouldn't be there either
Judging from your photo, if you were "in schools" they would probably be calling the child sex crimes unit.
Very Alinsky inspired response. You are judging me by my appearance. That's very tolerant
Here's an innovative though - add a school supply budget so teachers don't have to spend salaries to buy supplies for their classrooms
Not the job of the federal government. Talk to your State government or ISD
Private school tuitions are too high why aren't the tax dollars going to each child
Because tax dollars are for public education. Want private? Great. Pay for it yourself.
A lot of people do, to the tune of $900 a month or more, in addition to the tax money they put toward the public schools. And more would if
Awesome. Then there's nothing left to talk about here. Good day.
We need school choice! Tax $ should be able to used for school of choice
Sure when those schools accept all students. And not parochial scoops .
We Love You, Betsy!!!!!
You've got a very hard job, but someone TOTALLY has to reform Pub Ed!
Broken TOO long!!
MAGA
You bring absolutely nothing of value to education, to the administration, or to our country.
I do... and YOU, are wrong.  It's up to the Administration to take care of student needs, NOT! the government.  Grow up!
"The administration"? Grow up? What.. who are you? 
Typical Kiss Ass Statement by an underling of the worst POTUS in many a year! WAY TO BROWN NOSE BETSY!!!
Can you educate 45 on the jet stream and nuclear fallout. Oh no you can't because you're not even a damn teacher
Keep religion out of the science classes
The only thing you will be advancing are those grasswp
great let's start with the special needs children pushed out of religious and charter schools, that's what you meant right?
Replace common core!
You mean by bankrupting students before they're old enough to realize they've been the victims of fraudulent diploma mills?
If it means my tax dollars going into private schools then it's NOT a good thing.
Oh it will be. Private charter and parochial anything but public schools
Trump’s Education Budget Feeds School Privatization At The Expense of Students http://bit.ly/2uWE0gH  via @BillMoyers
Can you write anything that doesn't clearly suck up to @potus? Are you THAT loyal to him?
The only thing youllbeýp
You keep saying 'for All Students', but your focus has been charter schools w/ NO plans to improve public schools. How is that for all??
It's against the constitution not to support public school.
Why are you destroying the country, Betsy?


Oh look,  you still have no spine and apparently no soul
Your public comments about Black education prove you are unfit for this job.
So true
You're doing a great job Betsy!  Keep working to help  our children get a quality education as you have for decades.

When will we be able to express our liberty utilizing School Choice with Vouchers?
Oh, are you planning on resigning?  Because that's the best thing--the only thing--you can do to help our students.  #DevosWatch
Provide evidence of said "excellent job".
Never give up BD!  We're with you. We're mostly too busy with life to argue with the left...but we voted for your boss. Still loyal.
Success in education? Maybe you should look up irony dear.
If Obama appointed Betsy, all these snowflakes would be very accepting and happy.
I feel like maybe you don't know that the words "choice" and "opportunities" mean...
He's starting to look like his master.
"All students" I suspect this a bold face lie. Rich students maybe but not all. Not women, not PoC, not immigrants not...
Definitely not children with disabilities
@BetsyDeVosED hear DT yesterday? It's irresponsible to assume he was lying. What nuclear attack drills are being implemented in schools?
wow you didnt resign yet
I hope his wife was there.  We all know Pencey can't be seen acknowledging another woman she's there.
Get rid of Title 9 kangaroo courts. Rape needs to be tried in court system, not college mock-ups.
Being proud to stand with an admitted child predator is utterly shameful.
So you're to follow the court order to fix The Corridor of Shame & make it the Corridor of Change? #theCorridorSC @ClintonFdn @billclinton
You've done absolutely NOTHING. Expectations that you'll do anything are in the negative. Meet the kids in the communities who need help
Asvancing? Is that code for suppressing public schools?
Please spend a week in one public school classroom of a teacher of the year  etc and then you might begin to understand public education.
Yeah yeah he gave you a job that pays almost $250000 a year for getting involved in somthing you don't understand.
Today @realDonaldTrump threatened to launch nuclear war. As Secretary of Education, how do you suggest we discuss this with children?
May God bless Betsy DeVos . She will need it to undo all this madness that is upon us as a people . Indoctrination his suicide .
You shouldn't use words you don't understand...like "thanks" and "opportunities". Stick to words like "the" and "and".
If you don't make our public schools better many many children will not have the opportunities  for advancements
When are you getting rid of Common Core?
Another photo op funded by taxpayers. You are costing us $8 million. If you can buy this position, can't you buy your own security?
Only for private and charter schools right? Not ALL students as you like to claim. Be careful, your privilege is showing.

Does anyone under @realDonaldTrump have any plan or just rhetoric Everyone tweeting today sure sign of distraction and WH spirals to chaos
@Cabinet @VP @POTUS - introduce Brainetics Math & Mind concentration for ALL STUDENTS / Google Brainetics Skokie IL !
You are all sickening!  Unqualified, inept, & morally bankrupt boot lickers.
How are ALL students going to advance when you've cut billions from the school budgets who depend on the funds the most? Genius.

There needs to be some serious conversation regarding students with emotional disabilities.
@BestyDeVosED you will ruin our Nation's Educational System... I'm not too concerned yet... T-Rump, will be gone soon & so will all of you!
VP Evil Mike Pence desecrated the school system in IN
Perhaps the teachers who voted for T-rump can request an Amway sales position from Ms. DeVos! What a disgrace...
Part 3/a lot of$ paying for piano n music, acting classes paying for chemistry lab classes etc all while being highly taxed. Tax break =good
We were able to create Ed plan specific to her gifts &career path. I wouldn't have been created if we were not able to homeschool. We spent
We really need school choice. We just completed home education for our daughter, never went to formal school, is high honors music student.
"Trump White House weighs unprecedented plan to privatize much of the war in Afghanistan" About DeVos' brother, Price. All in the family ROI
Miss DeVos my Daughter is a Stem Teacher in NJ, architect And robotics in Middle low income school system. She also has her master in math.
Her All girls Architect class she got permission to interact them with Rutgers Un. They actually help fund it  and did a New Paper article
All THREE OF U R FAKE INCOMPETENT POSERS!! @CNN @ABC @CBSNews @NBCNews @MSNBC @Morning_Joe @nytimes @nypost @washingtonpost @WSJ
"Multiple pathways" sounds a lot like "separate but equal." Guess what? They weren't equal. #PlessyVferguson #RESIGN
Oh look, it's 2 unqualified minions who want to defund public ed and use tax payers' $ to fund Christian schools 
"...misguided principles that govern his decisions - often to the detriment of children."
Stop taking money from public skills and diverting it to profit making schools.
CCSS is disgrace and disservice to our children and nation.  Placing a dollar sign on every child like they are products #REPEALESSA
please come and help Western NC education,help with better internet service,computers,
Two white people in front of a white audience talking about how they're going to help white people.
We don't need any sound to know you were lying.
Devos shame. Unfit. Inappropriate. Joke. Pence too. 'Liberty and justice for all.' #GOPshame
Two losers accomplishing nothing.
You disrespect the flag by standing in front of it.
Did he call you "Mama"?
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Keep your head up Mrs. Devos and continue to MAGA!!!!!!!
Bring back loan forgiveness programs for students and health standards for hot lunch programs. Two gems that are sorely missed!

No vouchers unless accepted as full payment! Otherwise, it's just a stipend for $50,000 yr Schools like Trump's.
Stay the course Betsy, clear thinking parents and students need you fighting for educational choice
Pls. support public schools.We have great teachers, not enough fund. Charters school are a failure. Students come back n they didn't learn.
Ever get sick of all the lies and manipulation?
All of you are a joke to the USA!
More lies from the lying administration!
RESIGN!
How do you advance opportunities for all students when you refer to America's Free Press as #Fakenews?
You're an embarrassment to those who dedicate their lives to teaching.
You bought your job.
Betsy Devos will ruin public education in America. Pence, ur the worst!!!!
Well..the rich ones. And white.   And Christian. And hetero.  Oh who are we kidding,  if you're a WASP you're all good, otherwise sorry!!
By "all" you mean white, rich, and christian. 

Is it too much to ask that you do the damn job you bought?
She thinks photo ops is her job.
So you're changing tactics?
Charters are only in it for the money, not kids education

What about dyslexic kids in public schools? 15-20% of the population.
@realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @BetsyDeVos Advance opportunity for students by approving some loan forgiveness apps #SilverSpoonDevos #Fraud
I do not want my tax dollars funding private schools!! Fund public schools!!!
Thank you for helping families with #schoolchoice
How did you manage a meeting with him? You're female and he's male. According to his policies, you can't be alone together. #rapistmuch #sad
Mother was there to chaperone.
Thank goodness. 
HOW will you do this for ALL. You keep saying it but I don't hear any actual ideas. Let's grab a coffee & you can explain.
It's not for all when they don't like you, they kick you out. We accept them but Charter  schools stay with the money.
More nonsense.....seriously, just resign.

You NEVER Respond?U NEVER hav NE specifics onUR Agenda?DoU realize thats the clear sign of NO PLAN?!You insult #Liberals 4 this ALL the time


Were any grizzly bears present?
Extrapolate please?! what about my childrn?What help RU givingthem so theyDoNot have2SUFFER the Aggressive "progressive" #libtard EDU Agenda
That is not your agenda,  stop pretending
RUSSIAN TRAITORS & lovers of $$, Koch Brothers & destroying the working class
If you want to understand education more, why not listen to teachers from EVERY walk of life, and not just the charter school ones? #Thought
Betsy, why do you continue to lie? Everyone can see through your lies and hatred. You're like a Stepford wife, but no wants you.
...as long as their parents have a bunch of money.
Ahem..all rich white christian students you mean.  But I get it, you only get 140 characters on here
"Advance opportunities" work with this in place:
Leadership?  Where?  Haven't seen much of that this year.  Just folks in the WH trying to take services away because unlike us, they're rich
All students? Charter and Parochial schools don't take children with disabilities. What about them?
That's why they are against the constitution
To those traitors, the Constitution is a roadblock . Evil at its finest
Aka Exited to sink public education and only educate rich white Christians
Oh please...
"Multiple pathways" is code for privatization and for-profit online learning. Support our public schools with the resources they need NOW.
Exactly
DeVoss---You R A Fraud; U Dont Care About Student Sucess--Ur Actions R Harming Students Naionwide--RESIGN FROM YOR JOB NOW!
Pence should travel with DeVos a lot more
There is literally no one who knows less about education than you. Just go away and let the real teachers teach!
Your advancing your agenda which has zero to do with students and their needs
Well gee, that would be great if you cared about ALL students.
BS. You don't advance opportunities for LGBTQ students. You took away their rights. You took us a huuge step backward. You don't care.
You certainly don't want to advance opportunities for POCs and will still provide fed $ for schools that discriminate. You don't like poor
students and want them to stay right where they are. You want your false Christianity to control the schools. You are against students when
your whole job is centered around students. You have no place holding that title.
Do Work Mrs DeVos! Hell yeah!!!
Thank you For bringing education back to the hands of parents we the people
Or just the ones that fit into your #richbitch agenda. Stop lying to yourself and the public, you don't belong in any position in education.
ALL students?  Then let's see some programs for bright white males!!  That's 50 years of being ignored byFAKE educational institutions!
I think AZ is blocking this opportunity for students. Report said it takes tax $ away from public schools...
#devos #betsydevos #teachersvsgrizzlies
That's funny   You've proven time and again that you don't care about ALL STUDENTS.
Stop destroying everything. You have no idea what you are doing.
Two peas in a pod. Useless
Lowest approval rates ever @realDonaldTrump 33% jail time 
@VP

Betsy, u r a rich white woman who knows nothing about public education. U want 2 dismantle public ed & give it 2 ur charter school friends.
liar(s)
Weird, you said "all" but we know you mean just religious, private school kids.
Trump donates $100K to Dept of Ed. Only $9,199,900,000 to go to make up for his $9.2B in proposed education cuts.
A sobering look at what Betsy DeVos did to education in Michigan-and what she might do as secretary of education -
Trump's Education Budget Would Hurt the Working Class - The Atlantic
That's not true.
DeVos voucher plan would exacerbate educational inequality | TheHill
Unless they're trans, right? Or disabled? Or of color? Or can't speak English? Then none of you give a crap. Sad. Waste of potential.
Leave education to the qualified educators & go open a megachurch. We're not buying your propaganda or scam schools. #TrumpU
All = rich and white
Thank you for helping our children get a better education.

@usedgov If u really care about ALL students, support public ed better. Just saw our budget #s for the year. Awful.
Resign @BetsyDeVosED
Your policies are racist and set aside protections for the most vulnerable marginalized groups all to line the pockets of the rich. #Swamp
All students translation: rich white kids who don't want to go to public schools. #incompetence #illegitimate #corrupt
You mean advance opportunities for lining your pockets??? #impeach
You care only about Charter schools...rest of us be damned
True n charter schools are a failure.

Why is she still here???
For the photo ops
I'm glad you are at least capable of standing!
Oh yes I'm sure you did. Boobytrapping education, that next on the agenda? Don't count on it.
Lack of credibility seems to be a major issue with gop run by: how low can we go
The "whose psrents can afford it" part of your sentence got cut off there,  Betsy.  Stupid Twitter.
Except for the poor students... and disabled students... and military students... and LGBTAI+ students... 
Shall I continue, you liar?
Thank you both / all!!  #MAGA
If that were true you wouldn't take $9B from public ed. Stop pushing your Jesus agenda #NoVouchers #FundPublicEd
The most important thing about education is teaching children the truth. We must also hold prayer in schools. Also, Merry Christmas. No X.
How about you stick to corrupting your own children and leave other people's kids alone. Sheesh.

She's too evil for hell.
http://time.com/4847149/education-secretary-betsy-devos-attorney-general-barack-obama/ …


Was your keeper, I mean husband, father, brother, son, or other man claiming you around also. Heard VP won't meet with women alone


@POTUS was in NJ, @VP has no role in ed.  Is the objective of your tweet to try to convince us you are doing your job by name dropping?
OH LORD BETWEEN U AND #BLOTUS #2 THERE'S NO HOPE FOR STUDENTS!
You Go Betsy. You Rock!
All students .... You mean students that agree with your fundamental Christian,  voucher,  bigoted, privileged ideology!

Ur only advancing itself, not our children
It's not a good education unless someone besides the students can profit from it amirite?
Bear attacks at schools are way down since you were appointed Secretary of Education! Thank you Betsy!
Lol you know @realDonaldTrump is pissed when he sends out his #FlyingMonkey brigade ... Hey Betsy don't you have some grizzlies to find?
God chose you because He knew you could handle it.  You have the courage, the strength, the anointing, the favor.

