“They obviously haven’t talked to the many parents who want to have the chance to choose the right education for their child” -@BetsyDeVosED on HuffPost saying school choice is a ‘lie’ 
SCHOOL CHOICE IS A FARSE http://www.newswithviews.com/iserbyt/iserbyt115.htm …
#REPEALESSA  #RESTOREFERPA and SUPPORT EDUCATIONAL LIBERTY ! @POTUS
You're not fighting for my college student by rolling back campus safety.
How do you square the facts:by taking already inadequate resources away from public education & transferring to charter, how do you improve choices for all? Fairytales.
Lies, lies and more lies.
You only care about so-called Christians, like yourself, who in reality, pervert the Gospel of Christ. America has a PUBLIC school system, and your JOB is to make it work for everyone. At that task, you're an abject failure. So embarrassed to have you represent West Michigan.
Screw private schools!  Parents can pay the way if they want that!
You are failing utterly.
World class education does not start with you...RESIGN NOW.
if you say you fight for every student then why are you taking away the rights of all of the lgbt students
Why do you have public schools? Why are you stealing money for them rather than helping them improve??
Pull the other one...it's got bells on't.
She lies like her boss and leaves behind millions of children

But you're not......  #DumbAssDevos
Maybe you should listen to some teachers about the reality that they face every day in classrooms. From being underfunded, classrooms overcrowded, kids coming from severe trauma, and being in a profession that has never been respected. We scream for help, but no one listens.
Wow! Common Core failed... I know a lot of kids not prepared for collage. Wayne State university lowered their math requiremen for graduation...
You should research who was behind Common Core. Three out of 15 people who wrote them had classroom experience. It’s a one size fits all disaster. Testing begins in April and kids are tested for all 9 months of school even though school year isn’t over.
WHY are the 3Rs "Reading, writing, Arithmetic" now considered "one size fits all" PREVENTING individual diversity & achievement?
Why should I care about private schools if I don't fund them as a taxpayer?
But you might be Barbie. Check what your state is handing out to private schools. In Wisconsin,  private schools get lots of public money and lack accountability.
And who EXACTLY are you fighting?? You are on the throne! Use your God-given talents to effect POSITIVE changes.  ...  How pathetic!!
You are inept. Step down.
#Resign
Sure Jan.
You mean that? Including lgbt children? You support their rights to be protected to be whoever they are?
Then you should learn your job.
Public service loan dept is a joke. 20 years of public service and paying 900 every month=0. Thanks for nothing Betsy.
You're so busy, that must explain why you didn't prepare for the 60 minutes interview.
As a parent..... thank you for fighting for this choice. As a product of the defunct public school system..... and seeing how the current system( nothing has changed) fails our youth.....having options outside these cookie cutter fiefdoms is a blessing.
I think Trumpy is mad at you. Hope you are next to go.
Why haven’t you visited any under performing schools? Seems like you would want to support the educators who work hard to improve the lives of their students.
Mrs. DeVos,
Do kids in rural areas get this same school choice, or does this make them even more disadvantaged than ever?  Please explain...
Every public school district in Wisconsin has 1.47% of their state aid sent to Milwaukee choice private schools - in addition to funding individual districts pay to private schools who take kids from their district. And most voucher schools are religious.
Let’s keep the separation of church and state, please!
STOP. LYING.
@LesleyRStahl Betsy seems quite articulate on the Twitter, no?

You’re not fight every day. In fact, you took eleven long weekends off in just the first six months in your job.
Yet you said you haven’t been to those failing schools...  your own words... so which is it?

They have the choice already.  But tax dollars are for public interests, not private interests.  Mission trumps profit every time.
They are getting less of that using YOUR system in Michigan.  Your policies are a failure.
Horse feathers. You cannot take money from public schools and expect them to improve. We already have schools that don't have books, paper, and pencils much less the equipment needed for the coming future. How is taking money away going to help those children?
Private schools are not under your control. You are there to support public schools. ￼
Please stop and resign. Your killing our school system!! #pleasestoptalking #sillylady
No your not, your lining your own pockets
@BetsyDeVos @BetsyDeVosED @usedgov #teacher #teaching #TEACHers #maga #MakeAmericaSmartAgain #GOP @GOP #TrumpGOP #Trump @The_RGA #DeVos 

#BetsyDeVos struggles to provide answers to '60 Minutes' when asked for evidence to support school choice policies.
No you aren't. That is an outright lie. I would think with your private school education you would have studied more history, because it will repeat itself like it always has for the robber barons.
I am amazed at your ignorance of this issue and your blatant practice of ignoring hard data to push your own personal agenda at the expense of our children. #ShameOnYou.
Hard to believe anything that comes out of your mouth. Take away funds for poorly rated schools and give to better schools? Sounds like your from one of the poorly rated schools with that type of thinking
No, you are not. You are not fighting for LGBTQ students. You are not fighting for students who have been raped. You are not fighting for students who have huge education loans, or rural students with no other options but their public school.
You're fighting every day to line your pockets and 45's pockets and SCREW every public school and college student. Resign to save even a sliver of dignity as you will be going down with the ship in glorious fashion should you stay the course you're following now!
Under performing schools for an under performing Sec. of Ed
#quit
#resign
#ResignDeVos

Sure you are Betsy! 
And we need someone who, unlike you, is qualified and experienced in this very complex and difficult profession, to head the DOE.
Fighting for the Wealthy students....#resign You're unfit for this job.  It's plain as day.  Do your Job or STFU.
triggered much betsy

#LIAR #Maybe?YouShould!? #Disgraceful #Resign
You’re fighting for the special interest of the Trump Administration. THE RICH. I don’t know how you live with yourself.
I would suggest u quit but then duffus Trump would appoint someone with even less qualifications. It's a lose-lose with Trump in office.
What countries, btw, are you comparing the US to when you say you want a world class education system and publicly funded private schools are the solution? Does your belief in privitizing schools work in other "world class" countries?
We also are one of the only countries that funds school sports programs during and after school and on weekends. This is a world class education. Or we could eliminate the focus on sports and maybe that would put us more on par with countries you compare us to?
You assume we don't have a world class education? Who told you that, government leaders? We're one of the only countries that doesn't exclude kids from public schools by putting them in separate government funded schools based on abilities. We allow kids choice in public school.
Watched you on 60 minutes, you haven't gotten any wiser since your appalling confirmation hearing. Maybe had you attended public schools....
It’s weird how you’re all rich and stuff, and have no idea how the real world works. It’s like you’re ignorant and have inherited everything in the world except integrity and intelligence.

Then support public schools: smaller class sizes, give curriculum freedom to locals, decrease testing &  accountability, exclude students with extensive services & extreme behavior needs. This is the "success" formula for private schools why not apply it to public? #notequitable
Okay, Betsy.
fighting how? Doing what?
Everyone /wants/ to have the choice of where to send their children to school. Only those in upper class families actually /have/ the choice. Why are you in charge of anything?
If you really want to do something meaningful to benefit education in our country, I'd like to make a suggestion: Resign.
If you really want you to help RESIGN. That would definitely make you smarter than a bag of hammers.
You lie,  you wasn't to take public money and give to private schools #firstMichnowtheUS #DeVosFailingEd
Hahahahahahaha! Educate YOURSELF, my GOD! Your to dam dumb to handle this job! Your state is the worst!! You don’t even pay those schools a visit, BUT let’s be clear, I’m sure their OK with that!! Putting “DUMB” in charge of education, “biggest joke ever” RESIGN....
you "fight" for your mega donors and bullshit religious agenda. RESIGN.
Nope. U r fighting for ways that increase your bank account. 
Try visiting these underperforming schools and put faces to the numbers. Hear their stories. Talk to the teachers who r underpaid yet buying their students lunch and pencils. Do your job!
all you are fighting for is to LINE YOUR POCKETS.. you are MAKING CERTAIN WE HAVE THE WORST EDUCATION EVER. YOUR FAULT.
Based on the 60 minutes interview, you aren't succeeding. You can try all you want, but it won't do any good unless you know what you're doing, which obviously you don't. Every public school teacher is far more qualified than you are for your job.
"...except those in poor performing schools because I refuse to go see WHY they are under performing, and give guidance how to improve...because my job is to migrate tax dollars to religious organizations in violation of the 1st Amendment."

I hope I got that right for you...
How are you "fighting every day for very student" when YOU SAID you haven't even been to the schools that are under-performing ... IN YOUR OWN STATE?  HOW?
We do owe this to our children but sadly this is not what you are doing.  Public schools educate most of the children in this country, why don't we spend out time, resources and money to improve public schools so they are able to be a great "choice" for all children.
#lies #deceits #inept #unqualified #embarrassing #fuckingmoronminion
No, you are fighting for inequality and for pushing your whatever crap agenda. #getgoneBetsy
2/2 Those of us willing to stay have to contribute significantly more time & money to the school for minor things like supplies & basic activities. Parents either give up or leave & those w/o the option to “school of choice” loose out.
Clearly private schools need to improve critical thinking skills.
1/2 As a parent of students in MI I can say that school of choice & charter schools have been harmful to our public schools & our children’s education. Wealthy & white leave taking funding & parent contributions w/ them.
You are a joke. A laughing stock.  Stick to Amway. You are an unqualified mess
Ms. Devos, you just don't get it.   Public schools are the backbone of our entire education system in this country.   The fact that you spend no time in underperforming public schools simply verifies your total ignorance and disregard for the most important school system-PUBLIC!
The only thing you’re fighting for is the almighty dollar & to ensure private charter corporations, such as your OWN, are able to profit from public school dollars under the lie that charters perform better than public schools. And who pays the real price? STUDENTS. PATHETIC!
You are not very good at damage control! Time to go!
You are the dimwitted sister of the evil Erik Prince.  Go jump in a lake.
BS! all you care about is your private schools and the Michigan college that was going to get a HUGE tax break w the tax scam. Face it NO one likes you and your not qualified to do the job. @realDonaldTrump shud have fired you today as well. @marcorubio @SenBillNelson
Liar. You are fighting to turn over public $$$ to your rich friends, and destroy public education. It’s all in writing, in CNP documents. You were raised by anti-government CNP parents. Both you and your criminal brother are crooks and destructionist moles.
No you're not.  Your fighting for someone to make a profit off education.  They education itself means nothing.  You also have no flippin idea how your plan would work out for rural America where there really isn't a 
choice.  Greedy little rich girl who bought her way in.
You're so full of shit it's coming out of your ears...
Step down. Willful ignorance belongs nowhere NEAR our schools. Step. Down. You violate the first rule of education: READ and UNDERSTAND the SCIENCE.
Fighting for who?
You are fighting for only a handful of students. You should be ashamed for yourself.
Pardon me, but you are full of shit. You are trying to Christianize education and further the racial and economic disparities. You have an agenda, your whole family does. You are more dangerous than simply, a rich white woman. That, in and of itself, says a lot.
You can’t answer basic question.
"I don't know,"
You are very obviously NOT.  STEP DOWN ALREADY!  You are woefully unqualified and a disgraceful choice for this very important position!  You are NOT WANTED.
Who wrote this Tweet for you?  Because it wasn't the bumbling, clueless person that CLEARLY bought her job, that was on tv Sunday night. If u truly care about our children, resign.  #BetsyDeVos 60 minutes #BetsyDeVosResign

Ahhhhhhh bullshit.
Secretary of Education? Your a Dim witted empty shell of only ignorance that is all!

You’re not fighting for anyone except the wealthy and the republicans!  Care about inner city kids the way you do about money.  The ones that can’t pay to play like you!
#BetsyDeVious is lying to the American public. She is trying to dismantle the public school system.
Please resign.
You need to be replaced.
You should be fired.
@foxandfriends  but here is the rub- in order to fight for the students you need to fight for the teachers so we can serve those should more efficiently and better armed with curriuculum that makes sense and funding for all school- not just the ones that are already doing well-
If your were supposedly doing so you wouldnt have 2 say it. Just do it. #learnfromnike
Your lying.
Just resign. It's all the rage.
Seems more like you fight for every creditor and sham for-profit school in their fight against students. Stripping resources from public schools makes their students experience worse, and makes middle class and poor kids get a worse education.
Betsy you are a LIAR.  You are not fighting for every student.  How about the LGBTQ groups or people of color.  You are only concerned about the upper class.  You are so unqualified for the job.  Go back to eating caviar and stay out of the education system. @SpeakerRyan @POTUS
You demonstrated that you are either stupid, or incompetent. So  Betsy, tell us, which is it?
You're not fighting for BLACK students if you won't even acknowledge they get different consequences for the same infractions as White students. We have civil rights for a reason!
Seriously?  You're fighting for the privileged to stay out of public schools...
You’re lying
Ms DeVos you aren't fighting for every student in every school. You don't care about kids. You've made assumptions and decisions with no background experience. How do you make decisions to improve low functioning schools when you haven't looked to see why? Go back to MI please

betsy devos does not see a failing school she sees many individual students failing independently on their own initiative https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/compost/wp/2018/03/12/betsy-devos-has-definitely-seen-a-school-at-least-once/?utm_term=.3772624eb92a …
Fighting every day by going to work Tuesday to Thursday?
Bull crap!!
For an education secretary you sure are stupid.  Obviously money can't buy intelligence.
Your fighting every day but you haven’t visited under performing school!!
HOW DARE YOU SAY YOU CARE ABOUT OUR CHILDREN EDUCATION? VISIT SCHOOLS IN CHICAGO, PHILADELPHIA FOR GOD SAKE...THE HELL WITH PRIVATE SCHOOLS....AT LEAST THEY HAVE F@^KING HEAT...THE BALLS ON YOU!! @BetsyDeVosED
TEACHERS are fighting every day, in every school - public and private - for students to have a world-class education.  They're giving their very lives in some cases.  You're sitting in an office on a hill playing at educator.  Try listening to them for a change!!!
You’re an embarrassment.
We call BS.
I don't believe it. You know nothing about pubic schools. Until you spend a week in the worst pubic school and not in the office, the classrooms. You will get a very small clue.
No.  Not every child.  Not those in the underperforming schools.  Go visit!  See how hard educators are working.  See how hard the students are working.  See the battles they fight.
Your job is to oversee public schools not private schools.
Would not get hired as a teachers’ aide.
No you're not. If you cared about the public schools you wouldn't be on this agenda.
Quit lying, you don't do shit for anybody but yourself.
You have failed DEVOS and continue to ruin the education system! GET OUT!
You have turned your back on the needs of most kids you turned your back on the disabled and on public schools! If you were fighting for kids you would fight to supply schools with the tools they need to succeed instead of cutting them!
I’m fighting every day for every education corporation, in every sector – public and private – to have a world-class profit. We owe that to our businesses.
Then WHY didn't you fight to keep Creston High School open!? You are LIAR!!!
CRESTON wasn't underperfoming!? THEY were the TOP performing open-enrollment HS in Grand Rapids! Yet thanks to you and your family, it closed!! I don't believe Theresa isn't controlled by you!
You don’t even know how’s the education in your state?? That’s a disgrace
How many joke me remain vacant in the halls of the department of education?
You owe a lot more than that to our nation’s children. Plus, you and your brother are #greedy
Maybe you need another 60 Minutes so that the public can more fully grasp the extent of your ignorance. 

#Resist #Trump #GOP
#Resistance 
#TheResistance
How is taking money away from public schools helping them? Please respond
I agree. So when will you be resigning so they can have a world-class Secretary of Education?
You are not fighting for public schools. You are defunding and dismantling and advancing your personal agenda to privatize one of our greater assets.  Your charter scheme must stop, as well as your zealot religious crusade.
You lady are a sad sack of lying  - we true Americans know what you are up to - your @60Minutes interview showed exactly how incompetent you are to be Education Secretary and what your family’s privatization efforts are really about
Face it.  Stahl owned you.
Ahhhhh hahahahahahahaha maybe in your mind but not in reality you have no clue what you are doing it’s pretty obvious.
Your policies are hurting children with special education needs. How is that helping? Every child deserves the most they can get from public schools.
I talk to parents EVERY DAY about the right education for their child. You don’t have the first clue about my profession. The same goes for your smug pals on @foxandfriends
Easy questions are easy to answer.  You couldn’t answer the hard ones ... unfit.
Lol.
No you are not fighting for public schools

Resign.
Leslie Stahl, CBS, knows all regarding US Public Education; her answer to all ills of the system is more money, money cures all, it's odd that Stahl & CBS haven't donated their salaries to public education. Keep up the good work, Stahl & CBS support bullying & student control.
Only thing an entitled princess like yourself is fighting for is to pad YOUR wallet. We've known your game since day one, Boughtsy DeLusional. And we KNOW it's NOT about the students.
if the 60 minutes interview was you fighting...

bitch, please...

go home
No ma'am, you are NOT fighting for all students to have a quality education. If you were, you'd be visiting underperforming schools, looking into the faces of those children, and trying to actually help. You, ma'am, are clueless and devoid of humanity.
Betsy DeVos’ mother stated: “My main thrust is to do things that Jesus would want you to do to further your knowledge of him and his ways.” Holland Sentinel, October 19, 2002.
...Not Evangelical schools paid for w/tax dollars.

Not fundamentalist schools (of any variety) paid for w/tax dollars.

Not Islamic madrasses paid for w/tax dollars.

Not Christian madrasses paid for with tax dollars.

Put our students in sound environments. Pay teachers WELL.
Fox & Friends is a joke!
What can yodo for the Cock!? That’s me)
Your charge is PUBLIC EDUCATION.

Not for-profit schools paid for w/tax dollars.

Not homeschools paid for w/tax dollars.

Not balkanized, contentious, politicized, unaccountable 'education' paid for w/tax dollars.

Not religious schools: 
Not yeshivas, parochial schools...
What we “owe” to our children is a competent secretary of education #fedup #resign
A woman with no clue...
You are a disgrace.

Resign
By knowing very little about education and even admitting on tv that you aren't even taking steps to change that?
We are born creative geniuses and the education system dumbs us down, according to NASA scientists https://ideapod.com/born-creative-geniuses-education-system-dumbs-us-according-nasa-scientists/ … … via @ideas
Uhhhhhh.  No you’re not. You are unqualified. Resign.

Would you have sent your kids, your grandkids to the schools that you’ll leave behind after you’re finished serving your and your cronies financial interests, and playing with the lives of our kids?
Best service you can do for the kids and parents is to RESIGN!
You are pathetic and have no business working in the education field.  Follow all of the other Trumpies and resign now.
No, no you’re not. As a US citizen (whom you work on behalf of), I’m stunned at your inability to articulate to me simple data about our educational system. You SPEW IDEOLOGY not actual facts. I wish I could say this was the 1st time I’ve listened to you ramble. VERY unhappy.
You should be ashamed of yourself, you ignore public schools and are just making things worse. You are unqualified and too uninformed to do this job. Please do the one decent thing you can do and RESIGN. #DEVOSMUSTGO
