Rather than stating facts, help educators come up with programs and processes to help our students. Or, move out of the way and let educators do what they do best. TEACH.
She can't,  she's never had a professional role in a school
She can work with teachers. Or like I said, she can get out of the way and to allow real educators fix the issues.
Because of you and others like you who want a dumbed down America
Dear Maim I am  G
 Fareed from Pakistan  Sindh Maim you are support me Short course commercial education program  some books short course send me I think you support me 
Thanks
G. Fareed from pakistan
Inept
One of our great public schoolteachers would tell you that the phrase you were looking for was: “a nation at greater risk.” And that YOU are the risk. Plundering edu funding for your charter/religious cronies. Please step aside and let someone qualified replace you.
School dress codes and uniforms should be abolished nationwide. I am saying that school is a utility like transportation, for example and if it is acceptable that a person wears something in a mall, that should be acceptable in school. Please read
@YouthRights please retweet @BetsyDeVosED needs to hear that America's teenagers, in particular girls, have HAD ENOUGH!
Yea because you were put in charge of it
Stop talking about, stop studying it... do something about it... btw, students in my school are doing things that kids couldn’t do 35 years ago... its corporate written tests telling you they can’t...
OK so a nation greater at risk .... someone can not form a sentence. A nation at greater risk. God dn disgrace to your job
As long as you are in charge of education, education is at a greater risk than it ever was.
For my own personal health I literally do not think I can follow this joke anymore. My blood is boiling.
You're absolutely right. You have definitely put our public school system at great risk because you don't know what you're doing.
I only agreed risk because you are not a teacher in don't know how to do your job
No more standardized testing
In my opinion Betsy....you have the most important job in this country at this time. I do not minimize any of the other jobs either.
@BetsyDeVosED students should be given the freedom to wear whatever they feel comfortable in - what is more distracting short shorts or being suspended for wearing clothes... that are not revealing and as I put in the article I linked - don't distract boyd
"A Nation at Risk" was largely filled with bogus claims and reports, and had been debunked as what we would today call "Fake News"

It's reprehensible that you are making policy based on 35 year old bogus report
Of course we’re at risk! An under qualified, incompetent Sec. of Ed. whose only motivation is to line her pockets will do that to a Nation’s educational system.
These comments need to be backed up.
Please explain your complaints with some detail.
She has no post secondary training in education. She has no classroom experience. Her only “qualification” is being an investor in charter schools. To say she’s made no significant improvements in education would be generous. 
It is true. She is a proponent of charter schools. If given the chance every parent with the opportunity to put their kid in a charter school does every time. Charter Schools work.. Public School teachers put their kids in private school why is that?
http://www.data-first.org/questions/how-do-charter-schools-compare-to-regular-public-schools-in-student-performance/ …
You are one of the risks!!!
Mmmm, are you taking into acct how were technically spend less on education?
http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLo0xr0_u80gKxO4AZVCXvgeyrC9_iSJvh … • please retweet since getting the attention of government has been a nightmare & why it’s kind of the point.  How to hold them accountable?!?! • talking about emotions with past (epic 1) so less triggering. #school #oppression is taking away #future
With you at the helm, absolutely! You are clueless, and your 60Minutes Interview underscored that immensely. Resign, please. You should've never been appointed.
Lies. Poverty puts us at risk. Racist housing puts us at risk. Get with the HUD sec if you really want to improve outcomes for kids. #RISE2018
Yes we are still at risk. Albert Einstein said, "continuing to do the same thing and expecting different results is insanity". We have something to share with America that is innovatively successful yet for some reason we fail to get a meeting with you
Kaizen is the Japanese word combining change plus improvement. Did A Nation at Risk merely change education or did it improve education? Elementary schools taught science and history/geography prior to report. Now they are missing in action. Kaizen??
Very regrettable that, School staff of PS86 , Bronx, often do rude & improper behaviour with the student's parents. Today,I have been faced extreme bad behaviour from two employees of PS 86, going to early-picup of my son.Two employees did rough and very oppressive behave to me.
Only if you continue to lead.
We are greater at risk? Or did you mean “at greater risk”?
The fact that you’re in office is proof of the government’s incompetence. Resign.
We are at risk with you and the rest of @realDonaldTrump deplorables.
Ummm, you are a big reason why
And a few years after that, the Michigan legislators, at your behest, passed a slew of "reforms" in the way of unlimited, unregulated and unaccountable charter schools. How exactly is your "reforms" working out for the people of Michigan, and Detroit in particular?
I'm A Holland MI girl as well... Great job
You can keep tweeting your new hash tag but it’s not going to go anywhere because the majority of us believe you are the wrong person for the job. We deserve better. Our children deserve better.
You really want to see @BetsyDeVosED @BetsyDeVos handy work?? Come to Michigan!  Between Betsy, her hubby, Dick, and our @onetoughnerd Governor and see “A State at Horrible, Terrible Risk”! Signed..a retired Michigan teacher
When you come home to Michigan I'd love to meet with you about this problem. I'd like to get your thinking and talk to you about what I've observed and perhaps offer a thought or two.
Thanks to people like you!
STFU Betsy.
https://www.jstor.org/stable/1493062?seq=1#page_scan_tab_contents …. May I recommend a more recent, peer reviewed article?
It’s also viewed as inaccurate.
That’s why we need highly qualified individuals working in education. Emphasis on the word qualified . I didn’t say “rich” .
From you and this clown administration
DeVos's idea of education is Bible study class, and nothing else. No science, no history, nothing! The Bible is the only thing children need to learn. It has all the answers.
The fact that u think this is News to anyone over 5 proves my pleas for ur Resignation r well founded.
We're atvrisk with you head of education. If you care resign please!!!
Look in the mirror!!
So your solution is........????? Take funds from public schools and give to charter schools?
Betsey, just be quiet.
The education agenda is being corrupted. SPN uses its $80m war chest – funded by billionaire super-donors such as the Koch brothers and the Walton Family Foundation that flows from the Walmart fortune – to coordinate conservative strategy across the country.
Betsy- you know about as much about Education as I know about brain surgery. You have shown your ignorance to the citizens of our country more than once.
The biggest risk is you being in charge of education
Children should be taught how to be independent of government control and reliance.
Without this, they are just more cattle.
#education
The risk would be substantially smaller if we had an education secretary with the proper experience and credentials to address the problem.
At risk because of your incompetence and that of the current administration. #resign
Yes, but the risk is coming from people appointed to offices for which they are grossly unqualified.
Can have one class called The Classics? Literature, math, science, and a couple electives. It should last a year. Orthodox vs unorthodox pros and cons of each format.
You are a corrupt child hater.
Teacher hater
Well said. Def at greater risk with you as Sec of Ed!
At risk because of people like you and the pumpkin king.
And it's getting worse every hour you are "in charge".
Poor parenting.
Top 10 Reasons School Choice Is No Choice | In reality, it’s just a scam to make private schools cheaper for rich people, further erode the public school system and allow for-profit corps to gobble up education dollars meant to help children succeed.
Michigan Gambled on Charter Schools. Its Children Lost. - The New York Times
DeVos voucher plan would exacerbate educational inequality | TheHill
One Year In, Betsy DeVos Has Supercharged Teacher Activism | HuffPost
Vouchers do not improve student achievement, Stanford researcher finds | Stanford News
And just so no one forgets how bad you really are DeVos:

Schools began ignoring rape reports after DeVos' campus sexual assault policy changes, lawsuit says https://www.dailykos.com/story/2018/1/29/1736910/-Schools-began-ignoring-rape-reports-after-DeVos-campus-sexual-assault-policy-changes-lawsuit-says … …
DeVos rescinds 72 guidance documents outlining rights for disabled students - The Washington Post
Unfortunately, you are not the right fit for this job.  Please have the humility to recognize this and step down. Our nation is at risk because unqualified persons were placed in positions where they have no place.  I need a license and certification to practice my job. And you?
There is no easy fix..some engaged parents open the curricula at the kitchen table..laptop, books..and stay or go according to what they see. Some parents can't engage.. 2-3 job households. Journey for KNOWLEDGE must fit the family, not the other way around.
The “we are a nation still at risk” portion of this tweet:  I’m not sure you could have set yourself up any greater if you had tried.
Are these the hateful bitter lunatics teaching my children.... ? Typical lefties. Crying about the system that you created via your votes. You vote for who the unions tell you to vote for. And oh what a mess you have made.
Cheers!! Looking forward to repairing our public schools that cost the taxpayer a fortune. Expectations for my children have declined significantly.
You at DOE is a huge risk
Get rid of Common Core and No Child Left Behind. Implement the voucher system.
The greatest risk to America’s children is YOU MA’AM.
Who is running this account? @realDonaldTrump is this you?
You're a fucking idiot.
The Education system is awesome!  Students have more access to information than ever, but fail to care about it. The nation at risk stems from the lack of parental involvement and participation,  just an absence of real parents, poverty, and homelessness.
Till you're gone anyway !
Yes, because of your lack of direction, understanding of policy, and comprehension of simple terminology that is integral to our educational success. You have embraced an educational model you have no clue about!  We invite you into our school, our public school!
We are at risk because we have an incompetent billionaire with no expertise in education heading the US Department of Education. #resign
The greatest risk to our students is the appointment of an unqualified individual with financial motivations connected to charter school schemes. Nothing you have said convinces me that you care for our students. Resign.
Your 60 Minutes video was a landmark documentation of your incompetence.

Do you read what you write?   Sentence structure appears off - might want to ask a Public School English teacher to proof read your work.
Imagine that! Perhaps you might want to dispense with your photo-op tour of select schools and do something about this. Of course to you, I imagine the corporate school is the universal answer. Maybe just resign!
And you are not helping matters by trying to press your own agenda and not focusing on public schools.  Let a REAL educator takes your place.
Betsy DeVos is a monster
We’re at risk because a totally incompetent asshat is the Secretary of Education
And exactly what the hell are you doing about it? Your answer to those poor inner city students at failing schools is go to another school. You have no idea how to improve failing schools no solutions at all. Disgraceful.
If these kids go to a school not failing, the school that is, then needs to explain why it's now empty. Plenty of funding and they still fail. So how is this a bad thing for kids. You need to explain the years of failure before Betsy got here.
A greater risk because of you and trump
The schools are seriously messed up for sure!
We are in DC today. We have a tool that will help stop #cyberbullying and school violence. @BlackSwanDF
...because of you.
At risk cause you’re Secretary of Education #Resign
Greater risk from bad to worst if continue down the same path of lack of training a child in the right way to go & when he/she matures he/she will not depart. Lack of character moral values destroys a culture. Must turn a culture of hate to a culture of Love & with it comes Peace
Stay strong, lots of people believe in your 'outside the box' thinking
And your are an incompetent fool
You are one of our biggest risks! #rethinkdevos
especially with you in charge
Comparing 1983 with 2018? Details?
Any chance providing teachers with living wages and the resources they need could improve the state of education and reduce this risk? Any visits yet to those underperforming schools to see what they need after saying you should visit them?
Go home Betsy...go sell some "boxed water" to the poor kids in Flint. Go scam kids with student loans, go scam laundromats on college campuses.....just get the hell out of the education department.,
@ehutt1: There is an article title lurking in here somewhere...
“We were never not at risk: A nation at risk; a nation still at risk;  a nation greater at risk”
I’m adding this to my file of “people reciting that Nation at Risk changed trajectory of reform”—a claim for which I think there is actually little evidence.
Because it put the imprimatur on trends already well underway? Maybe. It certainly confounded Reagan, but there was a lot of dead air after its release: over a decade before any real attempts at federal reform.
Either/or. I don’t see the argument where it was the inflection point.
Thank you for your service. From The vile hatefull comments here it looks like a lot of people WANTED your job and think they can do better. LOL 
Be strengthened in Faith and Gods Will. He has put you where your at for His Purpose. Shalom
Get Planned Parenthood sponsored sex education out of our schools. It is pervasive.
So is this an admission that 35 years of corporate ed reform, funded largely by you, has made things even worse?

Or an attempt at coming up with a new slogan?

Make America Riskier Again?
A Nation Risking Greatness?
Risking America’s Greatness?
Please describe in detail,  what exactly is worse now.
Resign
It was a deeply flawed report rooted in misconceptions that has been used to usher in some of the worst education initiatives of the past century
And even more at risk with you at the  helm. You should read A Nation At Risk. You might actually try to help the under served as opposed to your plans to offer “choice” via private schools. Your plan appears to only help the rich people by syphoning public funds.
Yes! Let's refocus our students on science - that evolution is real and intelligent design is bullshit. And that man made climate change is not a Chinese conspiracy. @realDonaldTrump #RISE2018  #MAGA #FireDeVos #25thAmendmentNow
How’d you get this job really. #TrumpCrimeSyndicate
@BetsyDeVosED is incompetent
Tablets and e-textbooks, need to increase the competition of publishers too. These things would help budget situations long term.
"A Nation at Risk" did not account for many of the serious issues that plague public schools nationwide - poverty, constant underfunding, and politically motivated "reforms"/attacks.

It never was a fair document. Reform fails because policymakers are not grounded in reality.
And we are still at risk because of people like you and 45.
Not sure what you have been doing...? But you better get going before to many more kids brainwashed. How about coming up with mandatory list of acceptable text books; especially where history is concerned ! To many teachers in some states not about facts
#Rise2018. Yep, we’re rising against you and 45. #ExpectUs2018 #BlueWave2018
Ma’am, respectfully, how do you plan to fix this. We realize there is a problem, we do not need you to keep repeating that. The question I have is what do you plan to do about it?
TY! Was just discussing horrid state of U.S. Education, visiting SecDeVos' pg to see what's up. Would be good to see what is being done to #EndCommonCore Etc.
Let me edit that for you. Here you are: “... a nation at greater risk.”
because somehow you're in charge...
Lady, do you never take a good hard look in the mirror and think “Hey, I’m totally not qualified for this job, maybe I should fuck over all of America’s kids”?
You are the greatest risk to our nation's children and their public education, Secretary Scamway.
and with you as Secretary of Education, I can see why.
We should give our children the best education possible. Yes to Vouchers. More children would have a chance to a better education, not just the privileged.
Because people like you want to see their name on buildings rather than helping those less fortunate.  It will be a great day for children when you are removed.
Seriously, perhaps you ought to reevaluate your policies on education b/c you’re effectively hampering the public schools, SPED and many other necessary programs. You’ve no true experience for your position.
So you’re saying we’re better at taking risk?
Who typed this for you? Really?
We are at greater risk due to your glaring incompetence.
You’re a raging failure.
