RELEASE: First meeting for the Federal Commission on School Safety, March 28.

The Commission will bring together students, parents, teachers, law enforcement, counselors and other stakeholders to find solutions to bolster school safety…
Will @Emma4Change be invited to your commission meeting?
Question | #HOW important are the rights of #kids with #specialneeds?  I don’t go out often because the world got very small after being #physically assaulted but think of the #child that grows up #angry & #bitter & #enjoys #suffering of others. Very few know #HOW sad it can be!
You need to do something meaningful instead of tweeting.
Please resign
https://youtu.be/0EzyUguy7NI  • I have #fear when I think about her. Definitely an increase in #acceptance the lives of #children are #over & that’s the same #behavior as #admin #fuckwits. No other word. Fear in children is real & why I’m #triggering from #news & that’s #ignorance

Ban military weapons

If Sessions is on board..... I feel sorry for everyone.
More than likely you will continue to do what you have always done . Use kids as a photo op and ramble nonsense and lies about a job you bought and have no qualifications for . I'd rather have Stormy Daniels doing your job .
The very best thing you can do to protect our nation's students is to step aside and allow a qualified person to head the @usedgov.  You are quite possibly the worst cabinet appointment in the history of the United States.  #resignbetsy  #nationaldisgrace  #MarchForOurLives
PLEASE HELP! Falling down drunk school employee drinking & driving on school property on multiple occasions but Principal & Broward County School Board refuse to investigate & interview witnesses. Can email all details @rbartleman @FLGovScott
Or put another way:  we'll spend a lot of time speaking incoherently, and come up with ideas that will be of no use to anyone, which we will immediately implement. #Idiot #FakeSecretary
Surprised you could tweet all of these words and spell them all correctly. You are a sad example of how money can buy you anything
It’s not too complicated... #MarchForOurLives #PublicSchoolProud #GunControlNow #FireDeVos
Great teachers model excellence for their students. You need to be present to our students. @AMarch4OurLives

#Stormy #BetsyDeVos #60MinutesInterview
You have no solutions. We want the Parkland kids. They are knowledgeable about this.
I am a high school teacher with over 31 years of experience; I coached a high-level varsity, athletic program for 21 years; I have a masters degree in curriculum and instruction; I also teach masters-level courses for a university as an adjunct professor.  I would love to help.
With all do respect, putting you as secretary of education is an insult to all those well prepared and educated teachers   that deserve this position, don’t you think?  just saying!
Get fucked Devos & stick your Koch brothers money far up your ass!! Your brother is going to the slammer!! #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpMarch #TrumpCrimeFamily #GOPCorruption
#BuyAJobBetsy
Mrs. DeVos please take a seat. As you know we have come to the end of your probation period. Thank you so much and good luck with all your future endeavors.
Lol https://youtu.be/0EzyUguy7NI  • I have #fear when I think about her because it’s an #acceptance the lives of #children are #over & that’s the same #behavior as #admin #fuckwits. No other word. Fear in children is real & why I’m #triggering from #news & that’s #ignorance #collusion
I'm not a democrat but just to stop the clueless idiot that is @BetsyDeVosED  from further ruining the American education system I will vote Democrat.  #GetDevosOut


Hey everyone! You know who's ACTUALLY working on school safety? @MomsDemand @shannonrwatts @Everytown 
Follow them, and not this charlatan
Resign you incompetent, self-serving fool. How about convincing that nut case in the Oval Office to resign along with you.
You  obviously have the I. Q. Of a fencepost, or perhaps are peerless in vacuous idiocy!!
Sessions: is it...is it ok to still shoot the black kids?
were u taking another tax payer funded trip to a school near your yacht and missed the march? isn't that yacht registered elsewhere so you can be sure to pay less taxes on your ill gotten billions..and teachers can buy their own supplies bc ppl like u can avoid paying their share

Manythanks and kudos for NOT polluting Frederick County, MD with your ignorance, bag of failed education policies and ideas and over-all waste of space being that you are.  You are NOW American educations biggest problem with your lack of insight, compassion and understanding.
#ICYMI: EDUCATION DEPT. AWARDS STUDENT DEBT COLLECTION CONTRACT TO COMPANY WITH TIES TO BETSY DEVOS.
@BetsyDeVosED @BetsyDeVos 
I think we need some congressional hearings, stat.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/grade-point/wp/2018/01/11/education-dept-awards-debt-collection-contract-to-company-with-ties-to-devos/?utm_term=.f6c226d469c3 … …
How about this? Stop with the “school of choice” crap and focus on school nutrition programs that end hunger for our most vulnerable—WHETHER THEY ARE US CITIZENS OR NOT. Then focus on strengthening teacher training and support programs. But, you don’t know any of this. Right?
shut up , go away - you have been an embarrassment from day one ! Get lost
BETSY. PLEASE go find a fine rich lady hobby and let the true thinkers work on this. Be Well   Thank you



Will any of the Parkland or any of the other many school shooting survivors be invited?
https://twitter.com/cathyphi/status/978636506423283712 …

The problem is guns, we need to deal with our gun culture, so start there. The NRA is the gun manufacturer lobby and their arguments should be ignored as they are the problem.
Why are Education Institutions forcing the 'Dumbing Down' of American Children? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qF1FcpYag4 … .  As Sec shouldnt you be addressing this?
You must really be living up to your reputation if you're proud to have Jeff Sessions anywhere but prison.

#BetsyDeVos
1 thing that w/make our schools better - Betsy's resignation.1 in 5 girls in college w/b raped;by softening the law 4 the rapists,how many girls w/now come forward?+ 1 sch's administrator wants 2 arm classrooms w/rocks that students can throw @ shooter as 1 way 2 make them safer
Wonder what Betsy did to get that position.
You’re a national embarrassment.

Seriously,  bitsy, who is writing this stuff for you because you showed how inarticulate you are every time you're on TV news. @GOP #notmypresident #RESISTANCE #impeachtrump #trumpliar #trumpbigot

Stormy Daniels the porn star does interviews way better than you! At least she doesn't talk in circles and avoid questions like you.

Resign now Mrs. DeVos.
Seriously.
Just another useless & bogus committee/commission to deceive the public with insincere concern about school safety. Probably @ the direction of & including NRA political hacks & your brother the Blackwater killer of innocents, as experts. All BS.
You care more about NRA money going to republicans in Congress than you care about the lives of children. Typical greedy republican who can be easily bought.
Ms. DeVos, the best thing you could do for our nation's students is resign.
go find a grizzly...  and BTW, resign...
Terrifying just knowing you have anything to do with the education of our children! (Retired teacher)
Clearly Obama's "Joint Dear Colleague" letters of Jan. 8, 2014 along with the Broward County PROMISE PROGRAM caused this school shooting to occur. What NORMAL adult would remove discipline for any kid while in school? A bad kid comes in all colors. Disparate impact is BALONEY!
Why do you even bother anymore? You are a national embarrassment! Just go back to wine and pills like every other rich useless yet self-important person. #resign
why is it not as simple as stopping weapons from entering the schools ? @POTUS @realDonaldTrump


Leave the kids alone, and go start another ponzi scam, you are a disgrace, unqualified, and doing far more harm than you know. Step down, it's the right thing to do!
Hopefully some of these meetings will be with the Parkland students and other youth who have been affected by gun violence. 
Want to protect the kids? Resign
Our children's future has been in danger the day you were confirmed.
You are a fraud. Go home. Get Out. You do not represent me or my kids. You are one reason why my children will not attend college.
Resign
STUDY  Significantly MORE SCHOOL SHOOTING DEATHS in STATES ALLOWING SCHOOL CORPORAL PUNISHMENT 7states=80% #CorporalPunishment MS, TX, AL, AR, GA, TN,OK #SpareTheRod #TNHB2330 #StopSchoolViolenceAct  #SchoolSafety #MeTooK12 #HR160
STUDY Significantly MORE SCHOOL SHOOTING DEATHS in SCHOOL CORPORAL PUNISHMENT (CLICK LINK TO VIEW STUDY ABSTRACT)https://www.researchgate.net/publication/227654723_School_Shooting_Fatalities_and_School_Corporal_Punishment_A_Look_at_the_States … AND Physical Punishment: A Serious Public Health Problem-The Research Data #TNHB2330 #ACEs
WATCH NEWS VIDEO: Arkansas,12-yr-old femaleStudent brutally beaten by male school admin. begged for nonviolent punishment through tears of pain, bruised BLEEDING FORCED to endure more blows of school paddle #SchoolSpanking  #MeTooK12 #HR160 #SchoolSafety
#CruellaDevos
#DumpDeVos
#PublicSchoolsMatter
the guy who wrote this had a similar thought :) enjoy! (pretty hysterical article. big fan of this dude...)

Please resign.
#BoycottNRA
why don't u funnel billions of dollars to your traitorous criminal psychopathic bro e prince to install his private mercenaries ...just like loan collection u never miss a chance to prey on students to make a buck jesus must be so proud u use him as a front for ur greed/depravity
I marched for our lives!!!   Did you?
Seriously? Jeff Sessions? You are both pathetic.
I’m only following to read the stupidity. Not a fan. Have a nice day though. #bluewave #voteYOUout
Eat shit Betsy 

This  #MarchForOurLives 
Betsy u r in the wrong position.I ask over & over how did u qualify 4 that position?U  r uninformed & lack the energy that that position needs.Did u march today?Prob not b/c u arn’t serious abt supporting students, only your big paycheck. This job can’t b “faked”.We r watching.

Enough said. #VetsVsTheNRA #MarchForOurLives 


How can you find solutions when you don’t even understand the problems?
None of you are qualified to speak about school safety.
Can you please teach trump how to spell?
Correction: Federal Commission on Doing Not One Thing to Help Protect Our Kids.
Missed you at the march today! Were you busy?
To all parents. As a result of Betsy Devos reversing an Obama-era Policy on Campus Sexual Assault Investigations there is no way she could remotely care about the issue of protecting students across the United States.
How about the sensible gun laws to protect the children?!? How about giving that a try? #ENOUGH #MarchForOurLives
@BetsyDeVosED should be the only thing FIRED inside a school! #marchforourlives #neveragain #VoteThemOut
The only reason I would consider arming all of our teachers is because some day you may be surrounded by the thousands of teachers you have screwed and they each would be holding an AR15 and they would be getting all 2nd amendment on your ass.
Words.... just words 
Just prohibit the sale of automatic weapons, weapons used in wars,  implement universal background checks. Listen to the students from  Parkland and implement the changes they want. Then your job will be  done. Simple.  You don't need a committee.

I never once worried about anyone shooting up a school growing up. The guns haven't changed. The kids have. Behavior, and culture changed.
Guns have changed. They’re more sophisticated & lethal like ARs. The rhetoric &  fear mongering regarding 2-Amend. threats has ramped up. Ppl fear  access to guns is being threatened so they buy more.  Cultural acceptance of violence has increased. We must curb all these trends.
Gun r the same. The behavior of kids changed. If u break it down truthfully, Treatment will help, if applied properly and early on.
America hates you, DeVos.

the best solution is not to have anyone under 21 buy guns of any type. They cannot buy cigarettes or alcohol why deadly weapons?
Well, there’s some credible, experienced, and knowledgeable members.  What would Jeff Sessions know about school safety? He can’t even recall who he talked to this morning.  Where are the classroom teachers, administrators, and parents, as well as experts in security?

My favorite sign at the March!
Not really popular with these folks, but I’m with you
Please tell me why?
The best way to stop public school violence, as I am sure you have come to realize now, is to just close the schools. Education is just not that important in the world you envision, yes I think armed strangers would make my children feel much safer. On some other physical plane..
RESIGN! I live in this district and will never forget!
This is perhaps a link to a solution. Seen at the March in St. Paul, MN.
Are you marching with the children? #MarchForOurLives
I am sure she didn't.  She has no guts.
Quit now.

Where are the law enforcement, educators, parents and administrators? You will accomplish nothing without them! So Sad!
That you’ll actually try to implement any meaningful solutions you hear is highly doubtful.
Any comments on March for Our Lives? Did you march? Or were you in hiding like our president?

so much this....
Checking where you are today. If you truly want to meet the students, there are thousands outside in the street waiting for you. Or, perhaps you're a coward, like that thing you elected president, and ran away when faced with a line of duty.
I am supposed to believe Eric Princes sister wants to do anything that limits the sale of arms?  Maybe intentionally visit a family who lost someone to a mass school shooting. #March4OurLives #FuckTheNRA #blackwater
Hint. Gun control now. Do not arm teachers and hand another win to the NRA.
Well if you really believed in school safety you would’ve gotten off your ass and made it to the March in Washington! Don’t get comfey -you will be voted out! If you don’t get fired first!
ChristoFascist. Dominionist.

Enough said. #VetsVsTheNRA #MarchForOurLives 
BETSY DE VOS IS THE ONLY THING THAT SHOULD BE FIRED WITHIN A SCHOOL!!!
I hope you are watching our brilliant, brave, empathic public school students today. I have been moved to tears more times than I can count. You are there to serve THEM. If you cannot or will not, please step aside.
Watch LIVE as we #MarchForOurLives in the streets of Washington, DC to demand that we end gun violence and mass shootings in our schools and communities today https://www.pscp.tv/w/1gqxvpdoaLRGB 
How about tweet today about how these brave kids are walking today
Yoo-hoo! Can you hear the children crying?  They want to go to public school! They want their schools to be safe! Try and wrap your head around that. Even for a minute...challenging for you but try...
Your brother is going down and I hope you do too. Shame
How many teachers are included in your panel of “experts”?
Zero!
Aren’t you proud of those very articulate public school students in the march?

I hope you will include leaders from the largest parent advocacy group, the PTA, in your discussions. I know leaders from @CaliforniaPTA are willing to participate. #PTA4Kids
We're watching to see what actions derive from your rhetoric, if any.
I wonder who your "experts" will be. I hope you include parents, first responders, teachers, students, and SRO's since we are the ones dealing with Congress' lack of action and dereliction of duty.
We should trust you with this because you were so well versed during your most recent hearing interview?
when you bought your position of head of education, did you wear a really short skirt when the $ exchanged hands? You are so dumb i would think u would of had to add some sugar? #govwhore
Haven’t you resigned yet? You got NOTHING in the just passed bill... you are a disgrace to America and it appears to trump as well... he and Congress just pushed you under the bus... but you are too stupid to realize it.
Unless he’s testifying before Muller...  Hey Betsy, did you know most school shootings are in white middle/upper class schools.  Bet you didn’t know that when you were avoiding low-performing, urban schools...
Do you have any teachers on this panel, or is it all people who haven’t been in a classroom in 40 years? Parents? Students?
...Or just rich people who haven’t been in a public school...?
Rich people lose kids all the time as well, in tragic circumstances regardless of what school they attend. Please make sense.
Lose kids? What are you talking about? A panel on education should include ALL stakeholders, not a select few non-educators.
What school admin, teachers, or community members will be in this committee? I gladly volunteer to represent teachers.  I await your invitation.
I have a M.Ed, 10 years in public education as a teacher/coach; 19 years in non-profit (youth sports and community development). I can forward a resume and letters of recommendation if needed.
#RethinkDeVos
Hey Billion Dollar Betsy! Look what happens when the majority party in Congress turns a blind eye and DOES NOTHING!
I'm ready to change America and save lives are you?
As I’ve said before. Try starting with the most common denominator in these shootings... guns. #TrumpsMorons
Not a true statement. Disturbed person is the cause. If that kid in Texas had package bombed schools, would you say get rid of packages? No.
Don’t you mean you will have meetings to find ways to justify your agenda?
Will you join America's students #MarchForOurLives ?  Why isn't this commission bipartisan?  Gun violence affects everyone.
How about get a teacher or even a bear on that commission?
Bullying is part of school safety, you’ve been somewhat silent of that topic, by all means, continue to cut budgets. 
Please pause for a moment and realize this position is well over your head.
If you're bullied in school all you say something it gets documented. If it continues after you report it, it's the fault of the school.


Please go back and let Congress yell at you some more. That was FUN and FUNNY!
What does this group of losers expect to accomplish?
You and Sessions together in a room. Nothing good can come from that.
Unfortunately you’ll be as successful at this as you have everything else. You can’t accomplish anything!
You are a bumbling, ineffective “leader” of a department that you’ll never understand.
How do you expect to get anything done? Congress told you this week they don’t give a damn what you want.
Let’s start by protecting our students from you.
Start online courses for high school students and work your way to younger children until it is not feasible. Reinforce elementary schools so intruders cannot reach kids.The online implementation portion of this idea will reduce long-term costs,  environmental savings, and more.
If you saw Betsy Devos being interviewed on 60 mins. you’ll understand why this bimbo shouldn’t be Sec of Ed. She thrives to make every student just as dumb as she is.
Betsy DeVos are you marching tomorrow?
It must be a real challenge for you supporting children’s education when you support a President who can barely formulate a coherent sentence in public without a TelePrompTer and doesn’t like to read.
Based on DeVos’s actions and policies her definition of education for all students doesn’t actually mean all students. Her policies and actions have shown a blatant disregard for the safety and value of transgender students, students with disabilities, and students of color.
Of course not!  Her whole goal is education for the 1% only, like when it was illegal to educate a slave in order to keep the slave in his/her position.  Betsy only cares about American oligarchs.
You're doing a great job
In addition, familiarize yourself with Reactive Attachment Disorder. Find ways to i.d. it and make it better.
Also, read the research on who commits these crimes. Hint: It's not victims of bullying.
Ban military style assault weapons..DO NOT arm teachers.
BLAH BLAH BLAH
Come work as a 1:1 for 1 day at a school for autistic children and tell me more about education
What has been the effect on students with special education needs as the charter industry tightens its grip on the #LAUSD?
.
My Blog at:
http://thewire.k12newsnetwork.com/2018/02/23/how-have-charter-schools-affected-students-with-special-education-needs/ …
Your resignation is the best thing you can offer our nation's students.  Your incompetence and bigotry make you grotesquely unfit to head the DOE.

#resign
What do you know about “experts” you crackpot?
Hey, I've got an idea.  How about better gun control?  How about sensible gun laws?  There you go.

This is a commission that involves no stakeholders in education... no parents, students, teachers or admins. How do you expect to understand the issues in schools without the perspectives of those directly involved? How to enact change without buy in? Top down enforcement?


