how many times re you going to sit back & watch kids "get evacuated"mto "safe spaces"???????? PITIFUL, SHAMEFUL AND DISGUSTING YOU TAKE NO ACTION
Mr Hogan, how about you donate some of that NRA money to help the wounded with their medical bills?
How bout you donate some of your time as a volunteer at your local school. Maybe you can be a “greeter”, in case a shooter shows up. You know...give ‘em a hug and directions to a safe space on campus to cool down.
Snowflake, you need the safe space... Anyway its Russian money so why not pay some bills for wounded children?
No Obamacare?
With the NRA taking money from Russia it would be Putincare LOL traitors!
Another Republican politician that is NRA SPONSORED. Blood on your hand governor.
I’m sick of #Liberals pointing fingers at others when they are to blame.
I’m a progressive not a liberal, the nation is in deep shit and you’re blind to see it. Guns are not a necessity in society, only psychos would support less gun control.
And neither are your #1A rights a “necessity” but because #WeThePeople live in a land governed by The Constitution, we are given rights to both.
Maryland is tough on gun laws. Crazy that this person didn't obey the law. Let's hope the sherriffs don't botch it like Broward county.
Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi rank in the top five for states with the highest amount of gun deaths...curious, how are their laws? (Massachusetts ranks #50 and our laws are some of the strictest)
Just heard you on NBC and it didn't take you long to make it political, MD already has tuff gun laws and more bans on firearms then I can count, why don't you start looking into why these shooters are doing this instead of pointing fingers at the NRA and law abiding citizens
Prediction: lawmakers do NOTHING WHATSOEVER but issue bullshit prayer statements
And what will you do that’s constructive?
Support the NRA. Vote Republican. Install metal detectors at entrance. Armed guard. Armed teachers optional. Criminal charges and stiff penalties for failure to report, failure to respond, failure to uphold the law.
Another day another shooting
Hey @BetsyDeVosED if the teachers were armed, as you propose, these kids would all be safe right? Isn’t that what you want, Bets?
@BetsyDeVosED The only investigation that will matter is the one that reveals why Columbine was 20 years ago & even one school employee/official was given a raise before metal detectors & armed security in place at ALL US SCHOOLS.  #ENOUGH @realDonaldTrump
reunification center?
Why not run in and protect these children, like your boss Donald said he would do. How much are u stealing or have stolen so far with those behind the door deals u have made. All that will come to light soon Betsy....
What's truly sad, is we have vocabulary for a place where parents search for their child after a school shooting. When is the  @GOP going to act like adults and protect children. GREED is not vote worthy. VOTE THEM OUT !!  #NeverAgain #neveragainmovement
Thoughts and prayers again will flow from D.C. and the next shooter will be scheduled shortly.  Do something besides prayer! That just isn't working.  Time for the NRA to be a part of the solution. Spend 50M on background checks instead of buying more politicians.
Please add gun reform to the list of key issues at your website. Far too few Senators do. This needs to change! The issue is far too important to not have priority status.
Thank you
Thankful for the good guy with a gun to stop the bad guy with a gun. Metal detectors likely would have prevented this from happening inside the school. Support responsible gun ownership. Support the NRA.
Good thing the Dems didn’t support your assertion to dedicate fund to school security...
So @BetsyDeVosED what do you intend to do? The schools you were appointed to watch over are unsafe. More guns will mean more death. I won't believe you care until you do something. I have a good idea. Resign.
Get @davidhogg111 up there stat!!! He'll know what to do!!!
Moms we have to do something, I am pretty sure they can make our school safer and I do not see these shooting happening in a High Class School.
Extremely disturbing that @cnnbrk only broke the original story. Then, no information after that. Too busy covering palace intrigue. Shame.
@jaketapper did you report on this
#BREAKING  confirmed with sources at #greatmillsshooting : 3 students injured. 1 is the shooter. A school resource officer was on duty and took action to end threat. No final word on conditions.
Parents in #StMarysCounty - Head to @LHS_SMCPS for reunification with Great Mills High School Students #GMHS #GreatMills
Another sad day!
Prayers
