Schools began ignoring rape reports after DeVos' campus sexual assault policy changes, lawsuit says https://www.dailykos.com/story/2018/1/29/1736910/-Schools-began-ignoring-rape-reports-after-DeVos-campus-sexual-assault-policy-changes-lawsuit-says … …
DeVos rescinds 72 guidance documents outlining rights for disabled students - The Washington Post
Under Trump Budget, Nearly 2 Million Kids May Lose After-School Care : NPR Ed : NPR
Trump donates $100K to Dept of Ed. Only $9,199,900,000 to go to make up for his $9.2B in proposed education cuts.
Yes, the Republican tax bill would help rich parents send their kids to private school - The Washington Post
Top 10 Reasons School Choice Is No Choice | In reality, it’s just a scam to make private schools cheaper for rich people, further erode the public school system and allow for-profit corps to gobble up education dollars meant to help children succeed.
Michigan Gambled on Charter Schools. Its Children Lost. - The New York Times
Teachers' groups give DeVos an 'F'
You should be next..
#RethinkDeVos
What a worthless excuse for a so called leader!!! When will you do your job and help these kids!!! #Michigan
Wow. You really know nothing about what happens in public schools. It is as if 1. You never went to one. 2. Yoi have only seen movies about school that daye to the 1980s. 3. You maybe watched Waiting for Superman, but probably not.
Fine.
Use public dollars for public schools.

Problem with you is, your ignorance of public education, your sense of  entitlement, corruption, and your personal agenda are so evident.  

If you're looking for the reason for your lack of popularity, that's it.
Lol your describing the teachers union ...
No one is different in the sense that they hate you. We all boldly hate you. Do something new, like RESIGN. #BetsyDevosNeverAgain
How about something of substance coming out of your mouth? Are sound bites your fix for our school problems? No, they are your fix for trying to cover your incompetence.
Take your own advice and do something new.  You’ve had your fun.  Now move along and let people smarter than you take it from here.  #BetsyDeVosresign #resist #BlueWave18
What the hell is that supposed to mean?
RESIGN!
"Be different" (but then u can't use the bathroom that matches ur gender bc Betsy Devos says No).
"Be bold" (Join Betsy DeVos in going to MSD in Parkland, FL--just don't meet with any of the surviving kids--oh no, that's TOO bold).
"Try something unexpected" (Take money away from disabled kids' education; undermine reporting of rapes on campus-by order of Cruella DeVos)
"Do something new" (Make children in Flint, MI drink & bathe in lead-contaminated water for 4 years--then cut funding 4 disabled children).
"#RethinkSchool" (Suck money out of public schools & give it 2 already-rich ppl 2 run priv charter schools & line pockets of ppl like DeVos)
Devos...you continue to prove how out of touch you are...an empty head ...no ideas...you just throw out a bunch of buzz words with no analytical rigor or plans to fund... You and your brother...selfish beings, attached to the Trump disaster...making america worse...
Then: Be different. Be bold. Try something unexpected. Do something new. 

Now: Be different. Be bold. Try something unexpected. Do something new. 

#DoBetter or, preferably, #Resign
#fuckoff
How about make public schools safe again? #poorlittlerichgirl

You’re a disgrace. #ResignNOW
How about you and other billionaire busy bodies with vast inherited wealth, and your brother Erik , who sponges off government contacts, donate to the poor students to help them? Oh, that's right, rich witches like you are so 'special', you can't be bothered.
Blah blah blah!
Something new? Is making loans harder and more expensive new? Is screwing our education in favor of religious radicalism new? How about  this, "Be bold, don't screw our students out of future advancements to push your crazy agendas"?
Betsy, Betsy, Betsy...you are out smarted by practically every teacher in the country. It’s really time you resign.
You mean like when you decided to take on something way above your head. YOu are a disgrace to this country and all the hard wor
king teachers still trying to make a difference.
#resign before you embarrass us anymore
You might have known this but you went to a private school. So you are basically a knuckledragging privaledged moron. The word "plagiarism" is probably too  many syllables for you to comprehend.
Resign
Please Resign..
Sure, like you did for MI?
Buy yourself a job. Have horseshit ideas. Pretend you're not garbage. #RethinkSchool
Like putting more money into schools? Starting w/ the poorest ones? Significantly raising public school teachers salaries? Guaranteeing that parental income is not a factor in the quality of a child's education? Like giving your job to someone more qualified & interested in it?
She doesn't support "Public" schools. She wants vouchers & privatization. More for-profit charters & parochial.  Look at her family's history in Michigan & with Mackinac Center.

You mean like when you were a teacher??
Go crawl back under your rock.
How about intentionally visiting one of those underperforming schools you’ve been avoiding?
Yes take your own advice and try resigning!
That's what #StudentsStandUp did, your refusal to speak to them was a huge mistake. You are about to get your feelings hurt really bad.

Come back when you're at least 25. When the frontal cortex of your brain is fully developed (fact), and we'll have a better conversation. You run on emotion. Your logic, problem solving skills, anger management and rationality skills haven't kicked in yet, but they will around 25
So your saying since I’m am a young adult I cannot have a political conversation. Well this younger generation will have change. The world will is changing you should change with it. DO NOT underestimate US.
Saw your session at #SXSWedu18.  You are grossly underqualified for the position you hold.  Your opening remarks tell me you are not paying attention to the great work teachers are doing every day.   #rethinkschool is your message? We are trying!!

@BetsyDeVosED ..what a mess! On @60Minutes I heard a lot of “I don’t knows!” If you are changing policy.... shouldn’t you KNOW???
there is no excuse for any answer to be "I donT know". ESPECIALLY not from someone who is the head of the entire kit and caboodle!
Be different. Be bold. Try something unexpected. Do something new. .....MAYBE YOU SHOULD FOLLOW YOUR OWN ADVICE AND MAYBE DO YOUR JOB...
Be honest, when your job performance hurts those that you are suppose to serve, resign your position & allow someone with the experience & knowledge to step in & do a better job!
For example, Boldly not talk to students who you visit their school.
Is it painful to be as stupid as you are?
It appears that actually being able to answer questions coherently & coming across as informed is all of those things to you.
Be bold. Be smart. Be compassionate. Fund public education. #thinkschool
Your disasterous visit to Parkland is getting lots of press today. The kids were not impressed.


Please? 
Thanks in advance! 
What are your qualifications for the position you currently hold?
Word salad. You are unfit to do your job, and you should resign.
Meanwhile teachers are protesting for better pay. Just because trump appointed you doesn't mean you have the support of the teachers.
Here is something bold and novel. Stop appointing people to positions they are not qualified for simply because they open their pocket books.
Be Bold....STEP DOWN NOW
How about you resign? That would be bold, unexpected, and new.
Well, not exactly unexpected or new for this administration which are dropping like flies, but a resignation would certainly be appreciated and celebrated.
Try something new she said after pushing the same old pathetic crap that's failed for years
@BetsyDeVos today would have been a good day to "intentionally visit" an underperforming school.
You are LITERALLY the worst.
Empty rhetoric.
kids r PUNISHED in schools and even at home for doing these things. How will you incorporate those facts into your solutions?
How bout the three R’s
Be Truthful, be honest. Try something unexpected. Do something new...like acting like someone who has a heart. You are a terrible person. I wish only bad things for you. Hope your brother goes to jail.
Take your own advice. Do something new, learn about how the field of education has advanced to teach diverse learners. Study the research on what actually works. It's about kids not profits.
Shut up. Sit down. Get empathy. Try something unexpected, think of the kids.
yes.  do something new.  like ignore the religious right's opinion on public schools.
Practice what you preach!!
You are so full of crap. #Sitdown
Why not try resigning??
Shut up.
How's about we end the victim-blaming shit when kids get bullied so they don't have to transfer schools like I had to?
Please take your own advice @BetseyDeVos
"Betsy DeVos looks like she hasn't had a drink of water since they desegregated water fountains" - @elibosnick
99% sure that was @heathenwright
I'd love to take credit, but that was definitely E-Boz. His debit card doesn't work, but he's part of the 1%.
It was a brilliant line nonetheless and we all know Eli is privileged with hands as smooth as a baby's bottom. Let's not lose sight that this discussion is taking place in ol' Betsy's thread of platitudes - got any more zingers for the crypt-keeper in drag?
Ban all gun free zones!

https://twitter.com/vicenews/status/971445045063815168?s=21 …. Was this a joke to you?  A photo op?  These kids have been through a traumatic experience and you can’t be bothered to talk with them and give any meaningful encouragement??  You need to RESIGN!!
This was a disaster http://bit.ly/2FiY0jN 
#thinkprisoncell

#RethinkYourAccount
Practice what you preach at your professional level
Resign. Hang your head in shame. The US is not for sale.  You offer nothing.  Read books.  Try to learn something.
Could you repeat after me, UnQualified!!
As well as indifferent especially to these poor kids, just as bad
Be different. Be bold. Resign. Try something different. Out of public service. #RethinkYourJob
Ignore all the bitter, petty trolls in these comments, and push through a national school voucher system that breaks the teachers union stranglehold on millions of kids' futures.
The union only cares about its members and will defend an incompetent teacher's right to a job teaching.
be different. be bold. try something unexpected. resign.
You guys understand she wants you to NOT think about school so when u get to college and take out loans then you aren't prepared by your "homeschool" or "religious" school and flunk out she can garnish your wages for years...keep that in mind.
Be different. Be bold. Admit you are a fraud and resign.
Resign after your disgraceful visit at Parkland your lack of brains is only exceeded by your absence of compassion#rethinkbeingacabinetmember
Like stop talking?

#RethinkBetsysPayForPlayAppointment
The way you’re fucking things up, it takes everything teachers and students have just to make it through each day. And even then...
Yes.....be different Betsy...just admit you're a fraud and resign. Be BOLD BETSY...go ahead and admit that you're unqualified for your post, and dare anyone to do anything about it. And Betsy? Do something NEW....tell the truth.
That's what we're currently doing every day.  Come visit our classrooms.

#rethinkyourroleintheWH
YAY!  So this means you'll go to college and get your education degree?  GREAT idea!
You are a colossal failure, DeVos. Stay away from our schools. Your tenure in the #TrumpCrimeSyndicate will soon be at an end. If you avoid prison, you can go back do your pampered, undeserved and privileged life as an elitist "citizen".

#DeVosIsTheSwamp
Why do you think cutting financial aid and making it almost impossible for low and middle income students to attend college is a good thing?  You are the worst type of human being.
Quit. Walk away. Don’t do this.
Get bent Betsy
Be honest! Be a good example! Do your job or resign!
Something bold: resign to spend more time with your family.
Could you post video of you speaking with these Stoneman Douglas students?
Much appreciation goes out to @DwyaneWade for visiting our school and showing his support. Changing the world, one dribble at a time. #MarchForOurLives 
Stop the platitudes you fraud.
Send your children to public schools, rich people. That definitely would be different, bold, and unexpected.
Stop tweeting.
How did you meeting with 3 kids, a dog and no press go at #Parkland today? 

Try something unexpected and resign. Teachers are worth more than all the millions you paid for your position.

You have no idea what's going on on classrooms. You have no credentials other than your brother has an army and possibly had some meetings that weren't so smart. You're only ambition is to inject Christianity into schools and brainwash worker bees for the 1% to pay shit wages to.
Privatizing all schools is the only way to save them. Government interference was never an answer to big problems.
Be different. Have a lot of money. Give it to the @GOP #GOP and they'll give someone who knows nothing about education the top job.
Be honest. Be honorable. Try being human. Do something useful.
#firsttimeforeverything
Stop talking. That would be different and unexpected.
We are! Most Innovative, if you read your own tweets, seems you would really want to see this...
Be incompetent. Be emboldened by your ignorance. Try something that undermines public education. Do something to screw America.
Yes try something different-like understanding education.
Haven’t you embarrassed yourself enough?
Into what? A system that literally hands you money by placing it on a sacrificial alter built from uninvestigated campus rape allegations and the reports of education in America falling drastically under your watch?
So why didnt you town hall meet with MSD students?
Fraud.
Bite me
Be rich so you can buy a position you have absolutely no qualifications for, like Betsy.
Like passing Gun Legislation that might save thousands of lives in our Schools....
The NAACP backs up its call for a moratorium on charter schools with something often missing in today's political environment - #facts.
I thought you were leaving this administration? That would be "unexpected " and great for our children. 
#BetsyDevosIsADIGRACE
Says the person who inherited a ton of money and never worked in education. Maybe you should start by lecturing your brother.
If #MarjoryStonemanDouglas is any indication, your ignorant, Ill-informed leadership is doing a wonderful job of getting students to take action #NeverAgain
You are a pathetic waste of flesh. You go to Parkland for a photo op. It's obvious you care little about the students.  ou post false pictures that don't represent classrooms. You should have never been put in that position. I hope & pray that you and your corrupt brother go down
You should resign.
Blackwater brither got you this job! Tell people that when u stumble on answers and have no facts! Omg so unqualified its like me trying to be a surgeon on a high school education !
Resign.
How about you do something new, like being a teacher before becoming Secretary of Education.
#ReThinkYourJob
#BitchQuit
What is wrong with you???   You obviously don’t need the salary.
Today you proved you are less than worthless. But we ready knew that.
Betsy it would be greatly appreciated and beneficial to anyone in the education system if you resigned. Thank you.
You realize the kids at Parkland absolutely hated your presence, right? You have to be the least respected Secretary of Education I have heard of in my 62 years on this planet.  Why would you stay? Have you no self respect?
You could do something new by actually doing anything useful for the state of education in this country
Jerk
Secretary of education Betsy Devos spoke to me and only a hand full of students. She did not properly answer my only question. She did not sit down with any students and asked what we wanted. Douglas has 3,000…
Hey do something unexpected, ban semi-automatic firearms!
#ReSign You're the entitlement class we need less of.

Why don't you be bold & do your job & truly represent & care about the educations of all students of all races and income and geographical areas rather the elite world in which you live in. But we all know Betsy you got the job because of who your father, brother and husband are.
Oh yes and let's not forget you don't care about disabled students.  If kharma exists Betsy.......
Yeah guns are a great idea. Resign you fool.
Your policies are not helping students or educators and you are clearly hostile to public school, likely because of your own financial interests. You should not be anywhere near the Dept of Education.
You should rethink keeping your job. Way out of your depths
Somewhere a DeVos or Prince is "rethinking" how to create secret back channels to privatize public services and institutions for personal profit.
#plutocracy #EndCitizensUnited
Resign
Resign!!!
I presume that being trained by your family, you lie as well as your brother does. Just something to make people think you’re actually doing a job rather than ripping our education system?Please go back to Western Michigan and pretend to be a Christian.
You could try quitting
Be Bold. Try something unexpected- Resign. You're an embarrassment in this important position. People laugh at you behind your back & see thru your greed and disrespect of the American people
Be respectful. Be intelligent. Try something selfless. Do something good. #RethinkResigning
What are you doing to abolish Common Core ? The education system in America is pathetic.
Like treason? How is Erik doing today?
You had a chance today. But in the 90 min photo-op you did, shows you are just phony. Approx 3K students at @StonemanDouglas and you did 90 minutes. So approximately 1.8 seconds per child is all the time you are willing to afford. #RethinkLeadership
Be corrupt. Be ignorant of your job. Try something illegal. Do something crooked! #BeBetsyDeVos
Does Amway get blood out of school hallways?



Be gone #Resign
How about YOU be brave and get the hell out of the school system that you are destroying! Take your money from your private schools and get the F OUT! WE do not want you anywhere near our children and grandchildren!! It is because of YOU that our country is no longer smart.
This’ll will be great advice for your brother when he goes to prison.
You're unqualified. You're making horrible policy. Your only interested in making money for your friends. How dare you dodge all the questions you received at Stoneman Douglas.
You are utterly unqualified for your position; a laughing stock. Hey, don't you owe millions for shady past campaign practices? #richdilettante
Something new?  Like have a person who has zero experience attempt to be SecEd?  Yeah-we are living that nightmare.

Be different. Be bold. Try something unexpected and leave the kids at Parkland alone! They have suffered so much and they don’t want to hear your bullshit tomorrow. You’re truly an evil woman who only wants to cause them more harm. #neveragain

Afraid of real American teenagers??  It's a shame she missed learning from you.
Like buying a cabinet appointment so you can ruin more lives?
wait did that say rethink school
Did today..on Texas ballot! School choice credit options
Says the woman who wants to bankrupt public education.  #worstever
Do something different? You mean like getting caught lying about a meeting on an island with the Russians with cooperating witnesses? That's bold and different! 

Do something unexpected: answer our questions. You came to our school just for publicity and avoided our questions for the 90 minutes you were actually here. How about you actually do your job? #neveragain #DoYourJob https://twitter.com/betsydevosed/status/971165775858978816 …
How are YOU going 2 be different? What are you DOING 2 be bold? I’m open 2 trying something unexpected, WHAT ARE YOU PROPOSING? Doing something new is LONG OVERDUE! I want 2 hear from YOU how you’re going 2 DELIVER “words” in your statement above?  #IWantA50KVoucher4MyDyslexicNOW
You know what would be bold, something unexpected, something new? PAY TEACHERS A FAIR WAGE. GIVE THEM SUPPLIES. GIVE THEM GOOD HEALTHCARE. Those are a few bold ideas for you.
#RethinkBetsy
