You and POTUS have a lot in common...STEP DOWN NOW!!!

STEM Education with “soft skills” is the best option.
Stop taking or redirecting money away from public schools!!
HOW ABOUT TRANS STUDENTS WHO ARE NOW TOO SCARED TO GO TO SCHOOL? HOW ABOUT DISABLED KIDS GETTING FULL ACCESS UNTIL YOUR BOSS TAKES THAT AWAY? WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU? HOW DO YOU SLEEP AT NIGHT? Does it take drugs every night to help you sleep with that conscience? I bet.
I look forward to the day you resign and let someone who was actually a teacher work as secretary of education.
A public school teacher that has been educated at a public school....
I cried when my parents died, 2nd time was this ignorant, con artist got elected as president.  His entire cabinet , including you, Betsy are NOT qualified.   Spend  your millions on something worthwhile like the Gates Foundation instead of helping con artist get elected?  Huh?
You make me sic
do you actually believe the lies you spit out? history will not be kind to your legacy of racism, elitism, and selling out to the highest bidder. shame on you.
We need solid rules in our School’s. If you want to help our Kids give Teachers the power to enforce some much needed rules. If parents don’t like it to bad. We are loosing our kids. Dress code is a must. No CELL PHONES DURING SCHOOL HOURS.
Unless they are trans
You are a GD fake, a fraud and a phony christian.
I look forward to the day where i stop losing my own money on Amway and can recruit enough suckers under me to stop being in the red.

Too bad, that head fool of the US is an extremely uneducated human!  He can’t even form a proper sentence.  Absolutely no vocabulary.  All he says is:  believe me, that I can tell you, it’s beautiful, loving, the people are saying, sad.  Same old shit!

Hard to access 4 years of college without grants and loans, you snake.
For the future generation, let's put the experts with experience on important department like education. If you have a small love to this great country, I'm begging you to RESIGN!!!
No, you don't.

Everyone, as long as they aren’t brown, gay or trans correct?
And please communication access too.
Man ur a terrible liar. You are something else. Your base really has a hard time understanding that actions speak louder than words. And your actions are somehow even more useless than your words.
Who are you kidding? You didn't even write this fucking tweet.
Oops. Already failed. F-
Get your charter and vouchers out of here!!  Fully support public schools!!!
Charter schools are public schools, but I guess you don't like to talk about facts.
Charter schools are NOT public schools. They are partially tax payer funded, they do not accept everyone and they do not have to follow state mandated rules and testing that public schools do. #learnsomething
So why in the hell is my tax paying for this school while they defund public school? BS !
DeVos Falsely Claims Common Core is Dead: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xBq-_rJ-nQ0 … @POTUS
If they are not shot..... right????

Lying...not sure I understand.  What that black and brown kids are giving a lower grade of education. That upper and middle class families can afford to "get out" but lower middle and low class families can't. I don't get the statement
Do you think Betsy cares about those black, brown, poor and disenfranchised kids? I don't think she does.
Unless they're trans
HahahahahahahahahahahahA sure has long as it is a private or charter school   you both suck on public education
Part of educational success is safety. Title IX needs to be enforced.
You'll destroy the public school system, because you're a rich puppet.
Yeah Right!!! Your cronies will be taken care of I'm sure of it.
Not transgender students though right? I mean, they don’t really count as students because they don’t fit into your Christian beliefs. Right?
#ProtectTransStudents
@BetsyDeVosED  You are a liar!  You are denying Trans and gay students their rights.  You are an Amway Con.  Please, you’re the definition of a hypocrite.  Title IX ensures every student the right to an education.  #gayrights #transrighrs
You're the fucking worst humans quit your fucking job you evil Cunt whore.
Liar.
You took that away from grad students and special needs students. Stop acting like you give a shit.
You LIE. As long as they are not transgender. You promote descrimination. This is a disgrace.
I don’t believe you for a second.
As long as they are not queer or Trans? Do you support abortion if a child is determined to be trans?
unless they’re transgendered students though right? because it seems like you’re keeping them out of the phrase “every American”.
What about transgender, how are you giving them access?  How do you sleep at Night?
Caveat: unless they’re transgender
What about elementary schools $,or teachers having to supply students w no tax deductions? School meal programs ? Water fountains that work ? STOP pretending you care. You are not qualified for your position.
  Hope I hurt your feelings. Not that you have any. 

#removeDeVos 
Except for the American kids who are trans, right?
Unless they're transgender. Then you just say "f*ck em".
As long as they are white, male and heterosexual, right?
Only if they’re straight white kids tho, right Betsy?
And yet you don't think about how to make every student comfortable inside their own schools...
Liar. Free education is what is needed
How can that take place with you destroying public education. Guess what, I am a product of public education.
And I look forward to a Secretary of Education who actually cares about & supports public schools! Brand new week & I'm #UnionProud  & #PublicSchoolProud  So Ms Betsy, when are u coming to NYC?  #InviteDeVos Because I certainly have #Comments4Betsy  
It’s also a shame your more interested in working with the POtuS vs working with actual educators. Wassamatta, Betsy Wetsy? Gotta remind him about that big fat check you wrote to BUY your position, you incompetent twit?

.@RepJoeKennedy: “Bullies may land a punch. They may leave a mark. But they have never, not once, in the history of our United States, managed to match the strength and spirit of a people united in defense of their future”

…
You must of your PHD at Fraud Trump University.  Fraud

I wish you can help try to figure out how to squash the anti trump rhetoric in Schools across the nation. I think it’s time for stricter policies for administrators and teachers to be held accountable. I’m beyond sick of questions “do you like Donald Trump on my kids quiz’s.
And much more than that. The classes being taught at 7th grade have no bearing on politics however the teacher continues to bring her micro aggression anti trump rhetoric into it.
I look forward to your resignation. You are an insult to education.
Teach him to read,well if you can !
Only public schools have the support with children that have challenges maybe you should support those children better there's a program called autism for work you should look into that it's also sap

Grade: #FAIL
This is awful. Oklahoma schools go on 4-day weeks so teachers can work at Walmart on Mondays to make rent #goodjob


you are both horrible people and you should go to hell!
As long as we can find a way to further line our pockets
^^Poster person  for DEPLORABLE
Insane   that you want to work with the enemy of the state  POSPOTUS.
except if transgendered
I’m from Michigan, Betsy and I know how much you care about equal access to quality education.
Why haven't you resigned yet, you fraud?
How about making sure kids can go to school without getting shot? Seventeen school shootings under your watch! So far, I give you an "F." Time to bring up your grade, Betsy.
Best way to do that: resign and let an educator do your job the right way. Good advice for both of your bigoted, incompetent selves.
You lock educators out, yet you have no credentials or experience for your office. You're a religious extremist (think Taliban) and beneficiary of (dubious) family wealth whose position was bought. Your agenda will harm all but the children of wealth and means.
Get @ALEC_states Out of our schools, & sex ed, & @CAIRNational CAIR
Go back to 1930's method & curriculum.
THAT MEANS PUBLIC EDUCATION FOR ALL. IF SOMEBODY WANTS TO GO TO PRIVATE SCHOOL, LET THEM PAY..HOW DARE YOU DISASSEMBLE PUBLIC EDUCATION. YOU BOTH NEED TO BE REMOVED FROM OFFICE ASAP..
Resign now. Bitch.
Shoot lady, would you criticize the hospital janitor for trying to perform brain surgery???   Do you get it that people are outraged that you bought your position??
That you are unqualified???
Unless they have handicaps; and then you don't give a damn. BTW, why are you qualified fo your position? Oh, yeah, campaign contributions.
Check your mail, clown.
You are totally unqualified.  You should have expected criticism as you whittle away the rights of students and disrespect professionals in education.
this is why every one hates you.
..and I will continue to (not) listen to common Americans #POS

@BetsyDeVosED 
- Why are y'all so MEAN to me?

everyone answers…
DeVos is only interested in the rights of typically-developing, able-bodied, cis, neurotypical, straight, white students. Further, she will sacrifice female students for male students. In her mind, these are the only people who exist and matter. Unqualified is too mild a term.

Lol... bent over and taking it..thats how u got the job...lol...in a corporate world you would have been fired for being a stump...  lol
How are you going to do that? You have no experience in education, no advanced degree, never took out a student loan, had to worry about taking out a student loan, or worked in the professional work force. A billionaire thinks they know what's best for everyday Americans? 

You’re a foul fowl.
Resign now, you're a complete failure and will live in shame and diagrace for the rest of your life.
you are the worst Ed. Sec. of all time! We reject you! you are totally unqualified! be prepared to feel the backlash because it won't stop, we will never stop speaking for our children, and against you!
Go back to selling Amway. Please.
Please resign and get out of politics.
full of lies.Still have common core.Did not go thru with what Trump won on and you http://agreed.No  student is better off.Should be fired,as it has been over a year and still sitting on your hands

You are exceptionally unqualified and damaging to the education system and our country's future. Please do the right thing and resign. ASAP.
Cool. When might you two geniuses get to work?
Resign.
#unqualified
You are such a liar !! What about Corinthian schools that defrauded so many students including me! And you want us to pay back fraudulent loans because you are a fraud and a thief .
Is this access like in: "You have access to healthcare, but you can't afford it"
Then perhaps you ought to show up for work ...
And no one likes you because you have promoted refusing to provide financial relief to students scammed by predatory for-profit colleges. (Like tRump) And declining to even meet with those students, even as she met with a “men’s rights” group that defends campus rape.
No one likes you because: You rescinded federal guidelines for accommodating students with disabilities. You weakened Title IX regulations so that colleges are urged to let accused rapists interrogate their victims.
Then start supporting public education
You’re about as effective as Sessions, donor class.. get it done, or get out.

BS!  You are  working  to insure  your  rich  friends and  yourself make  a  profit on the backs of  our  children  and grandchildren.
#LIAR
Because learning is about how economically viable you are! Fu€king dimwit.
I invite you to visit my school in Harlem NY CS154 Harriet Tubman Learning Center at 250 W. 127th Street to gear true voices and speak to a real community invested in our children's future. We matter too.
But only if that path gives you more money! Am I right? Am I right? #youboughtyourjob #unqualified
I look forward to the day you get taken out of that office, in handcuffs, for the part you've played in Trump's treasonous administration. 
Hint: Trump Tower, Spectrum Health, and Russia’s Alfa Bank during the election
I look forward to the @FBI  putting handcuffs on you for hacking the election & giving voter info to the Russians!  https://teapainusa.wordpress.com/2017/04/03/data-patterns-suggest-trump-towerspectrum-health-ran-a-stealth-data-machine-with-russia/ …
When you say work with him, describe your position? Is he bald there as well?
Your out in November as soon as the intelligent and compassionate leaders take over! You will ALL be thrown out!! Idiots!
You lie!
your family should stick to selling weapons to war criminals
That is a bald face lie, Betsy DeVos!
https://twitter.com/kimvanderkelen/status/961612280818487296 …
Better hurry. You both will be out soon.
Why should we have any faith in a person making radical changes to our education system that utters this phrase: "I don’t know what can’t be done."  #GrammerMuch
You could start with better funding for trade schools so that coal miners can have a better life above ground without worrying about black lung disease, if they will survive a shift, or if their mine will remain open for business.
Thank you for your hardwork!
Can we get rid of school officials and teachers that propagandize and indoctrinate our kids period
Then fully fund our schools. Give all students great public schools.
What you actually are working on together is building a kleptocracy. Conflict of interest much? #resign
I look forward to your resignation
US needs a federal online university for a liberal arts degree.   Require all schools receiving fed funds to accept the transfer credits.  Education for more young people and lower college debt.
Please please Betsy DeVos....you need to stop COMMON CORE....IT IS A CORRUPT AND D ISCUSTING PERVERTED TEACHING IN SCHOOLS...THEY ARE PUSHING ISLAM...SEXUAL BEHAVIOR THAT IS WAY TMI....THEY ARE CHILDREN THAT ARE STRESSED OUT WITH THIS UNAMERICAN TEACHING!
GET A CLUE BETSY.
AND RESIGN.
YOU ARE USELESS.
YOU ARE DESTRUCTIVE.
YOU ARE GREEDY.
YOU ARE NOT VERY BRIGHT EITHER.
Let me teach my students real world skills that are necessary for success. Allow all schools to have vocational programs.
Then how about letting teachers teach instead of test? #followthemoney
What the hell random BS are you spouting?
unqualified!
You are criminally incompetent.
What about school prayer
You and @POTUS may need to have a talk with @dougducey he seems to not get the whole education matter memo
Get ride of common core
WHEN WILL YOU GET RID OF THIS COMMON CORE.... excuse the language..CRAP??  @realDonaldTrump  SAID HE WOULD GET RID OF IT!!
Does educationa path mean COMMON CORE STANDARDS? @BetsyDeVosED, Trump said he’d eliminate CCS. Tom Brady director of DODEA HAS SPENT MILLIONS Integration COMMON CORE STANDARDS in DODEA SCHOOLS?
Mrs Devos, Finland's education system is ranked Number 1 in the world. This video will tell you why:
You have forsaken our country's youth/future. Poisoning students by allowing higher levels of salt & sugar (salt & sugar industry campaign $ pay back), taking away protections for students (rape, transgender protections), not embracing diversity. You are a DISGRACE TO OUR FUTURE!
You’re a dumbass
Hi Betsy. I’m wondering if and when we can expect Islam to be removed from our junior high school teaching as part of required curriculum??? Field trips with prayers in mosques is really over the top and I denounce this. Tx. PA woman for #MAGA  
Thank You for working hard to improve our nations educational system.
All Loan services are frauds! @realDonaldTrump first period afterwards @DocYilk not endometriosis no justification for addicts @PutinRF_Eng on any Olympics from college properly screen cure all @JapanGov rights of education avoiding crimes of outlaws. Outbreaks in freeform ©
FINISHED CATERING TO ADDITCTS ! Outlaws on arrival in systems services domain of education @ChicagosMayor u can’t read ur birth certificates. Problem human trafficking kinderS. Only age 5. Deport entire school! Money laundering tax dollars ®™©
U can’t grant USA gymnastics rights to bypass Laws issue USA passport to parent entry requirements already established to aid in frauds®™©  Corp in tv channels cut power @Disney i don’t pay outlaws trafficking victims in movies. ARA outlaws are to b arrestees not employers
Get nothing at all! Outrageous practices of legislative budgets in elections for more immigration violations!  Ireland  not to have passport services missing bachelor degree! Recall on nitwits no those in hospitals are idiots. Born alcohol shrinkage:brains @NFL somebody Errs
@DefenseIntel security clearance involved don’t forget Margaret illegal here too. At birth certificate control entry! Last war Poland  1938-45! Not compliant @Pontifex just an outlaw ©™®no organization around governments @USDA

You have rolled back protections for students with disabilities, transgender students and survivors of sexual assault.
You've made it harder for student loan borrowers to pay off their loans. You've proposed draconian funding cuts to our public schools... You are unfit for office
That is wonderful. But is the education of quality? What are they teaching? Is it beneficial to the students future?
You are a hack who should never have been put in the position you're in. Sickening billionaires.
Access. You mean money?

Yo memo is so devoid of useful information Betsy DeVos added it to every school curriculum.

#YoMemoJokes
