Compared to 2015, the 2017 national average scores were flat in math and reading except for an increase in 8th-grade reading. Scores increased for higher performers in grade 8 and scores for lower performers decreased in grade 4. https://go.usa.gov/xQ2GS  
We are told to differentiate our instruction, but all students take the same tests! Ridiculous!
Schools are not circuses. Teachers are not ringmasters. Students are not performance monkeys in training for standardized tricks.
Put real teaching back in place n quit helping the demonrats dumb down society. Colleges courses for a zombie apocalypse? That will never happen wasted money. Hell yall dont even teach correct history or the constitution in schools no more. Put God back in.
We must change the public schools' continuing failed formula for educating children... Look to charter schools as the future for turning around this spiral of public school failure.
Charter schools aren't all they're cracked up to be, at least not here in Buffalo, NY. Many have closed. My friend's grandkids attend one & its no different than my son's school, except more rules & uniforms. My oldest was kicked out of one due to learning
Disability.  They claimed they couldn't provide for her IEP.  But, the school is Full of non English speaking kids that receive ESL classes. School doesn't need to be longer than 4 hrs. Basics of math, reading, science. The rest of the time should be spent
On teaching Life Skills & Work Skills. Especially in the Junior High levels. No matter what, not every kid will go to college,  these kids should be able to have a career & families regardless. My son wants to drive a truck, & have electrician on the side.
Agreed. Some important Qs - Why have we stagnated? And, how might we overcome that stagnation in an equitable way? Some important insights here:
Said it before & I'll say it again...the best thing you can do for education is to simply #Resign You are doing more harm than good. Betsy, Betsy, you can't hide, we can see your greedy side.....
Damn, do you do anything other than complain about how bad teachers are doing? You, who have no background knowledge of education and constantly funnel public school dollars to unregulated charter schools. (1/2)
The #NAACP backs up its call for a moratorium on charter schools with something often missing in today's political environment - #facts.
So lets get rid of YOU!! Your priorities are all for loading up your friends' wallets, as they start these sub-standard charter schools. Most quit, because the educational quality is so low. #BetsyHatesKids
1 difficulty lifting up high scores. 2 you are always going to have average scores - the majority of students are average. 3 students who score lowest are usually at a disadvantage: SPED, poverty, nutrition, medical access, trauma, housing, neglect. Invest more in public schools!
So quit
By the time our school year is over, my 4th graders will have wasted 15 days testing! Not to mention days prepping for the tests!
So stop giving public $ to private schools and get some resources into the areas where results are lowest.  Also, teach math and science; not religion
I stand with Trump and Mrs.Devos because common core must be killed! State bureaucratic leaders "with experience in teaching" haven't done any good to assess this obvious problem. Teachers are strongly brainwashing students with Democrat agenda. Be Unbiased teachers!
Go preach your inane conspiracy theories back at the sanitarium you should be at. Yeah, teachers don’t already have enough to do, but sure, we have extra time to pursue some liberal agenda. Do you even know the purpose of the CC and how to teach the required standards?
WHY THE HECK DO I NEED TO LEARN TO DO AN EQUATION THAT TAKES 15 MINS TO SLOVE FOR FRICKIN ORANGES the magority of us will not be mathematicians or bankers or engineers so please we don’t need some of this math being taught that none of us are even good at
So what does this data tell you? Maybe the Federal Government should stay out of educational matters and leave this to states. The Constitution specifically gives you no right in this matter on purpose.
So, given that results show that Massachusetts is leading the nation again, when will you be trying to learn something here? Do you have plans to visit? Do you care, or are you just trying to further your agenda?
Get government out of education!! The 1st step in improving our children’s education and prepare them to be successful, contributing citizens.
Quit “mainstreaming” all kids. Quit spending over $2500 extra per Illegal per year in services. Instill basic, non violent, discipline that children AND  parents must accept or they can’t stay in school. Empower teachers and stop Liberal Administrators.
Get rid of the CCC, Common Core Crap! 2+2 =4 it will never equal 3 or 5. Kids will never use circles or squares to count in any job they may get. We are failing our kids! I was once told “we are teaching our kids for jobs that don’t exist”. Dumbest statement ever!
ITS BECAUSE THE MATH WERE FORCED TO LEARN IS TOO COMPLEX AND SOMETHING THAT ISNT USEFUL IN DAILY LIFE
You need to go back to school
Get rid of the department of education. They have turned into indoctrination places and are destroying our kids. Their priority is crazy sex ed sponsored by PPH and teaching our kids to hate America. Math, science & reading are not a priority.
Wow, your stupidity in relation to this subject is astounding. I don’t know where you went to school, but critical thinking is not one of your strong points. You just continue to prove how ignorant you are when you speak.
Top 10 Reasons School Choice Is No Choice | In reality, it’s just a scam to make private schools cheaper for rich people, further erode the public school system and allow for-profit corps to gobble up education dollars meant to help children succeed.
Vouchers do not improve student achievement, Stanford researcher finds | Stanford News
DeVos voucher plan would exacerbate educational inequality | TheHill
For rural America, school choice could spell doom
DeVos refuses to say on sending her kids to Milwaukee voucher school. Just 2% proficient in math and 0% in English.
Schools began ignoring rape reports after DeVos' campus sexual assault policy changes, lawsuit says https://www.dailykos.com/story/2018/1/29/1736910/-Schools-began-ignoring-rape-reports-after-DeVos-campus-sexual-assault-policy-changes-lawsuit-says … …
If spending billions isn’t working, look at where your funds are going. Our education problem is a poverty problem. Unless you think it’s a coincidence that all the worst schools are in poor areas and all the best are in affluent areas. Work on raising up the poor instead.
Yes. Yes. Yes. So much yes!
Does this really tell the whole story or is this infographic is a cry for privatization.  Yet, there are so many good public programs.  Is it obvious that additional emphasis is required on the basics? #edtechknow
It sure would help to invest into the education system, teachers, supplies etc. instead of you and the Trump administration cutting in all corners but waste $24,000,000 + to bomb empty buildings
No money needed... Just get rid of common core curriculum and I guarantee  all grades, across the board, will go up immediately.
How can we judge our students based on test scores? Maybe we should direct federal funding elsewhere to get better results...#educ200karnes
How many students participated in neap?
I seriously doubt you have the cognition skills required to interpret the data. You are honestly, one of the least qualified individuals to be in charge of education policy, let alone critiquing educators’ performance. What do you do to help solve the problem? Please respond..2/2
Too bad about test scores. Students should follow example of Trump cabinet personnel who worked hard in school and became great leaders LOL.
GO AWAY!!!
If you resigned it might get a lot better.
Your still here?
https://www.theguardian.com/global-development/2018/apr/11/aid-early-years-education-opportunity-sarah-brown …  It's NOT about test scores.  Those just make MONEY for companies creating tests.
Thanks for sharing! We certainly need to step up our education system, and please don’t forget that we REALLY need students trained in labor skills for our construction fields!! We can’t find qualified employees.
Make sure there are smaller class sizes and qualified teachers. What ever you think is great about charter schools make that happen for public schools. If you truly care about all students in america you will find ways to make public schools better not make them worse.
Test and punish don’t work. Careful with comparing us to other nations- we educate all kids, not some. Start with funding public ed. We could privatize almost anything at the price of equity and access but it doesn’t mean we should.
So explain to me how giving all that money to for profit organizations will do anything but enrich the already rich while warehousing kids?!

Lol this is so your fault Ms. Secretary of Education.
Funding doesn't fix things. It takes good leadership and good policies behind the funding.
Sorry. I  meant to answer CHAD WALERSTEIN
You see , you confirm " you are not the best thinkers .... in the worl . " Charter schools did not help
The highest poverty/lowest achieving students can only afford public schools, and they would never be accepted in any of the schools you, or your children, went to. Public schools are the only hope these kids have. Stop trying to destroy public education.
Maybe every state shohld think about paying teachers a proper wage
Thank you for your hard work.
All that Choice...working like magic.  No reason to solve the tough problems, or visit the schools that have problems. @gretchenwhitmer @singhsam94 #almostyachtingseason
Not only that common core has destroyed teaching! Teachers are test-slaves. Children are fed up with constant testing.
How about you get out of the classroom and let teachers teach actual material, instead of making teachers teach to a test?!  Kids can’t and won’t retain mich when it takes them 2 months of classroom time to learn how to answer test questions!!
Test scores? You want to talk about test scores?! 

What about grizzly bears?
Maybe if you would try educating them properly - the three Rs, civics, and critical thinking being a  good start - rather than indoctrinating them into being good little socialists, things would improve.
I'm sure it's difficult when 99 percent of teachers are socialists
In order for those things to get better you need to resign. We need someone who knows about education
Do other countries commit to testing all students? America educates everyone who walks in our doors. We test students on paper pencil tests who can’t access the curriculum in that method #lesstestinmoreteaching
So your role has been unsuccessful.. we could have told you the results .. no impact from you. Whet do you exist @POTUS
Teachers are stretched to breaking point with little to no support for behavior in the classroom.  If we ask for help we are seen as not meeting teacher performance expectations.  I ask you how can we meet the needs when they are so vast and varied.  Class size reduction K-8
Besides blaming teachers, reducing resources to struggling schools, & ignoring the dysfunction associated with the broken homes of our most at-risk students, your ideas for raising test scores on a politically motivated exam would be exactly what? If you’re going to lead, lead!
Betsy, you are deeply unqualified even to tweet about the school system. What was the point of this nonsense of a statement when you are the one who is ruining this already garbage American education?
DeVos, the 1st step in helping America's teachers & students is for you to publicly acknowledge that you do not merit the position that you currently have. You did not earn the position. You bought it. What kinds of example are you providing students?!?
Sooo why should we listen to you and not someone who has a background in teaching?
From my experience working in schools, "Students work harder" for TEACHERS  they LOVE/LIKE ...no amount of money can replace or buy LOVE ,respect or adoration for a TEACHER that truly cares and understands the needs of each STUDENT and goes that extra mile to make learning fun.
Betsy, we need a better Educational leader.
We can close the gap with more phonics, less sight words:
And, according to the same study, phonics closes the income gap as well.
Good god you have no idea how to read data. Look at the growth of each student. Comparing scores at the same grade level year to year is apples to grapefruit. #unqualified #ivorytowerelitistcoward who bought your seat. @realDonaldTrump needs to drain the swamp and #RethinkDeVos
1. bring back recess 

2. being back music

3. being back teachers being in charge of their own classrooms

4. get rid of high-stakes testing 

5. end funding disparities between districts

6. pay teachers a living wage
I'd love to talk with you about these concerns. This world seems to think money is the universal answer, it's not!
Don’t tell us. Tell the Secretary of Education. Oh wait that’s you.
THAT WILL HAPPEN WHEN WE GET A REAL LEADER IN THE @usedgov #YOUREFIRED
My god, I really hate you. You really have no clue, do you?
Is that a veiled jab at federal spending on schools? Btw Texas is underfunding education by 48% of necessary funds. Your dept of ed is currently suing our state for underserving the rights of SPED students so are YOU doing about it?
BetsyDeVosED. PLEASE see my blog on College Confidential by ktrrights titled ACT Wrongly Accusing Students Of Cheating. I've written several times with no response. I have lots of credible evidence and examples. This is a HUGE problem for our US students. Thanks, #regulateACT
You just suck
BetsyDeVosED. PLEASE see my blog on College Confidential by ktrrights titled ACT Wrongly Accusing Students Of Cheating. I've written to several times with no response. I have lots of credible evidence and examples. This is a HUGE problem for our US students. #regulateACT
Passing an exam that furthers a schools reputation and does nothing for its students is a waste of time and resources. We teach students to solve surface level problems and then graduate them whether or not they have mastered the underlying concepts. This is the real problem.
How about being more encouraging? Instead of posting that you should do better, which you should, congratulate the fact that 8th grade is getting better scores. #GiveThemHope
These tests are nothing more than money makers for the test makers.  They are not developmentally appropriate and are written at least 2 grade levels above the student taking the test.
Hi Betsy.  Do you have any plans to change US educational system? It is abvious - something must be done. Where should I find this information?
@BetsyDeVosED Yet you have no plan or ideas of your own to fix anything.  You don't know pedagogy or policy to inspire or initiate change.  Test scores go down under Republican cuts to teacher pay and funding to the arts.  You are rich and don't get your hands dirty enough.
You're the one who opposes education.  You're the one trying to prevent students from learning.  You're the one who is anti-science, anti-math, and anti-history.  You're the one who wants to end universal public education and replace it with religious indoctrination camps.
And where are these billions of dollars?? If you find them let me and the rest of the public school educators know.
You say this but you don't support what's happening in Oklahoma....if you want to support students and learning, start by backing your teachers, DeVos. Get a clue. Better yet, spend a week teaching in a US public school.
Yup. You’re right. Get the fuk out!!
Stop acting smart. Let us make you smarter by having you to recognize Linda Brown of Brown Vs Board of Education.
Come on, you can’t ask her questions like that.  It’s gotta be true or false for her to even have a chance.
Then step down and let someone who is qualified to do this job..you clearly have no idea...look at your own home state..
Boy, you folks sure are defensive.
C’mon Bets! Do yourself a favor, hang it up. Resign. Go back to your tea parties with your friends.
We need you to step down first!
You should resign. That will be the beginning of improvement.
We can and must do better? You’re the leader! What are you going to do? What is your plan to make it better? How about addressing the teacher walk outs and the budget cuts that caused them? #HowDoesSheStillHaveAJob #TrumpsMorons #TrumpsFoolCabinet
This makes me lol so hard I currently have 28 4th grade students. How about we lower class sizes so I can more easily monitor and make a difference to my students. How about we treat teachers as more than just a babysitter. How much do you make Betsy?
This test does not define my students.
So what's your plan exactly?  It's your job to work on these things, not just hold up a chart.  I know, just have the teachers fill out the tests, that way your charts will look good and you won't have to do anything.

Maybe it’s time we change what/how we measure achievement. Many schools focus on standardized tests & that’s what stagnates learning, growth, and “achievement” 
Don’t know... maybe we’re spending billions on an invalid testing platform. If it isn’t working, why do you keep doing it?
Let’s try this. Kill the standardized tests in schools.  Allow the professionals to teach students HOW TO READ.  One cumulative test for 5th grade, another for 8th and a couple in high school.  It’s a wild concept for you to comprehend but it might just work!!!! #1980seducation
Has to start with you! Resign- you’re clueless!!!!
Perhaps if we had a qualified Secretary of Education...
Oh for the love of PETE...shut up!
NAEP does not accurately measure schools. Not all schools take it, it's administered by complete strangers, kids and teachers could care less about it, and DC cronies use it to check "we've used an assessment to prove how horrible public schools are" off their list. NOTHING MORE.
Our school problems are often a reflection of our family/home problems & vice versa
This is all your fault.
I am so disheartened by the leaders in our country. How are you in this position?!?? You have no real experience....
What is your real intention??? Because it is clearly not to help improve our education system.
Look! We can agree on something. Furtunatly we can use the same data to show your private school solutions won't work!
Only if they have to take the same test, which they do not. In Michigan only public schools, receiving state money, have to take the standardized tests. Parochial and private schools can follow whatever curriculum they wish and can skip all standardized testing if they wish.
At the national level they should have a decent sample... But you are correct and unfortunately we don't have representative samples in most states. Ignorance is bliss and certainly helps promote the privatization dogma.
Our schools do a great job educating students who arrive at the classroom prepared, supported, and motivated and do a poor job for students who come unprepared, unsupported, or unmotivated. To improve we must focus our efforts on preparation, support, and motivation.
What’s needed here is radical change. The government school industrial complex has failed us. Give parents more responsibility and That starts with the choice to be in charge of their childrens education
What educational trend has there been during those two years? Less pay for teachers teachers paying for health insurance and pension payments and contributions increasing. We can't have everything good for the students without the teachers being treated properly.
Wait, what other gaps do I keep seeing data about...oh yeah, poverty and the gap between the ultra rich and the working poor (FKA middle class). This literally explains your test score data. Stop blaming anything else.
Oh, weird, an achievement gap that correlates directly with the rising wealth and income inequality in the US. Interesting. Fuck your test scores.
So why don’t you try, oh I don’t know, asking educators their thoughts?  You know, the ones with actual training and experience 
Yes, excellence needs to be the goal. Race, color or creed (LOL! - the old phrasing) don’t matter. We’re all in it together and our kids have to have an education that can matter.
Billions of dollars into what exactly?  Teacher training?  Personnel?  Mental health support?  Parent coaching sessions?  Address the REAL, imminent problems in education please.  #doyourresearch  #walkadayinmyshoes  #teachthewholechild
KIDS DONT HAVE TO WORK. THEY WANT A PARTICIPATION DIPLOMA
You clearly have no idea what you're talking about.
And you are not the one to be leading us.
And what exactly is your solution?
What do you expect there isn’t any funding
The proof is that your a very uneducated person who does not deserve her job . the key is for you to leave and stop damaging the future of America as you and your cronies destroy the present
The report card speaks louder to your failure. Stop pushing privatization and start helping public education. Better yet - #resign #ResignNow
Have you ever considered that the test is flawed?  I have administered the state test as it has evolved over the years and it seems set up for kids to fail.
Perhaps, madam, if the state testing was eliminated. While the intent was to level the playing field, it seems to have dragged down rather than lifted up. No one has time to teach actual subjects for fear of this test.
You don’t have any skills necessary to help the real educators do the work that is needed to help our students! Look at you talking about test scores when a few months ago you didn’t know the difference between growth and achievement. Go away, you hack! Buy another position!
So you naively think bureaucratic "experienced teachers" are better? They are not! Teachers graduate from school just to became test machines!
Teachers are tired of being unable to teach. Also, every time state bureaucratic"experienced" teachers go on and add even more windows to each student!
aaaaaand.....? What will Ms. DeVos do about it?
Yeah, why dont you do something about it, instead of trying to siphon all the dollars into your family's business?
You need to start PAYING teachers more than what they make now AND you need proper funding for our schools.
Maybe start by going into the schools you intentionally avoid and try learning what the real problems are schools are faced with
Let the irony of all the establishment educators on this thread spewing vitriol like a bunch of ignorant juveniles not be lost on anyone. No wonder our scores are low. Glad I made the #schoolchoice to pull my kids out of public schools early.
Sadly this starts in the home. Why is it that asians do better in school?Lots of structure, discipline, motivation and drive. Asian parents drive the msg with their kids that they must be focused to have a better future and to look long term. American parents do not drive a msg.
We need to teach our children the most important values in all of life, & most importantly Spiritual food & exercise then we would have a more secure culture & society. We all Need a healthy Spirit; Sound Guidance & moral values for the abundant life! LOVE, LIFE & PEACE ~in Jesus
My students are so much more than a test score. It would be fabulous if we could find other ways to measure success.
Wonder what her tests scores would be?
Good question!
Does that include lgbtq students other minorities or just the ones you pick and choose ?
Maybe you should start investing your time and resources into our public schools and teachers rather than completely undermining them in an effort to get your friends their tax dollars back since they don’t like paying for other people’s kids to go to public school.
We can spend billions to improve test scores, but until we improve the physical buildings, get our students food, clean water, and stable homes the test scores won’t come. And I’d rather have a healthy kid than a test score.
This
Just stop. You’re so fake.
Resign today.

RESIGN, you have no idea what you are doing!
If billions of funding isn’t working, then go bigger. Schools need $ to run. A lot of money. Infrastructure, books, tech, training, PD, counselors, tutors, paper, aids, salaries. And time. We need a lot of time
Your report card is in and the results are clear: You're woefully unqualified and you're ruining education for the majority in favor of a select minority.  #RESIGN #BuyAJobBetsy #FireDeVos #publicschoolsweek
Every time you talk our country collectively becomes dumber... you should resign.
The report card is in and the results are clear… You need to be replaced yesterday. That is the only thing that will help our students.
Teachers do not make a living wage, nutritious lunches were cut when #ShitHolePresident took office, students are unsafe due to violence and transgender policies. #STFU and get somebody into the job that knows what the hell they’re doing
The report card is in and  you have failed at everything, including your 60 minutes interview. Michigan schools are worse off for hiring you.
Bank the money spent on high stakes tests and put it specifically towards intrinsic learning opportunities and wha-la....happiness for all
Take standard testing away!  The overwhelming high stakes test anxiety is certainly a player in the flat scores year over year.
We can start by you resigning
Focusing on high-stakes testing and funding testing companies isn’t working. Why not focus on funding what research proves makes a difference - meaningful PD for teachers & utilizing formative assessment? If teaching must be research-based, shouldn’t your initiatives?
Yes!!! The testing is not beneficial to students or teachers. In fact, it is harming their ability to think, learn, experiment, research & interact in open discussions. Funding is wasted on testing instead of supplies, extra curriculars and safety. Stop it now!
Have you read this? Fascinating, eye opening, and so informative!
The NAACP backs up its call for a moratorium on charter schools with something often missing in today's political environment - facts.
Could it be, and hear me out on this one, that test scores aren’t the only measure of student progress and/or worth?

Also, bears.
Quit
Resign
@BetsyDeVosED you get a F for Failing our kids. You need to resign. One year in office and zero results. @realDonaldTrump Betsy needs to go! We need an educator with proven results in Washington! Look at Miami Superintendent!! @MiamiSup
Ms. DeVos your Report Card Grade on YOUR JOB performance, Is a minus F!!! You have no idea of your Job requirements. Ma’am
We know throwing more money at the problem does not work. So now what?  How about getting rid of all those electives and focusing on core subjects like reading, writing and math?
You are so poorly qualified for this position that, honestly, the best thing you can do for America’s students is to #RESIGN then #GFY
You need to stop the Indoctrination of our children.  That is the future of our country.  To do nothing but rely on test scores that are fake, Rome Burns while the political harp plays taps on our great republic.
Eewwww.  You again?
I know you're new to Education, but this "we must do better" message has been around for 40 years.  Personally I've seen kids make pictures out of the bubbles on the answer sheet. They don't actually do the tests. They don't care. It's how they resist.
I don’t know Betsy... I teach geography without maps in Oklahoma. Maybe you can see that as a “student problem” and not an “adult problem.” I would teach them to use the index if we had BOOKS!!! #OklahomaTeacherWalkout #oklaed #okleg
Stop cutting funding you twit!
Detroit has the worse schools in the United States,don't you have a few failing charter schools there? How about our great state of Michigan,haven't you shoved your school of choice down our throats for 20 years? If your idea is so great you had 20 years to prove it!
Michigan is a failure,you dumb box of rocks!
This includes your charter schools,shouldn't they at least be thriving? Resign you sycophant!
Are you still here?
You can quit. That would be a start
Then please don’t put our Oklahoma teachers down for standing up for our children!!!
You should show FL. They are bragging scores are high and assessments work.  We need foundation and mastery of the concepts, not Common Core and FSA. Our students graduate and don’t know how to balance a check book, stay out of debt or get a mortgage!
The problem is common core and teachers unions. Get both out and you’ll be on to something. Thanks!
I really think you need to be an educator or know education to read this.  You don’t get it at all
How long you been Secretary  of Education  you're saying YOU are stagnating the improvement of our children 
Maybe investing in people will close the gap than invest in programs.
Why are kids required to take state common core testing? This does nothing to gage the child’s performance. My child recently brought home a practice test and the questions were very strange. Our kids are in trouble, they are not being taught what we were as kids.
Your report card still sucks !
It is clear, Common Core doesn’t work. Kids need to get back to basics. Reading, Writing, Arithmetic, and History.
Actually, that’s what CC really is if you bother to look at the actual standards. There is no such thing as “Common Core Curriculum.”
I looked at / studied common core. I've written curriculum for common core. Its not horrible. It's not great.  There are better things to use.
The careful wording of your reply supports my point. You wrote curric intended to align w a standard 1/2
So let me guess, you're about to propose we cut more funding for our schools.
Pay educators a decent wage, that boosts their quality of life, influences morale. Require parents contribute to their own child's learning. Children spend more hours in the home than in school. Fund after school programs, those can focus on assisting students falling behind.
@BetsyDeVosED This is the ceiling in my classroom in Oklahoma... maybe if I could teach in my classroom on rainy days too my scores would go up!
Have you thought of resigning?
What about going to the countries whose education systems are doing a better job than ours, learn from them, then change ours for the better? Our current education system is outdated. Our teachers are poorly paid. We have no plan to fix the problem based on the right data.
you can also stop making it harding for those of us who have outrages student loan balances.  time to cancel these loans.  biggest rip off on the american student.  want to make america great again!! then fix it!
Ur not the right person for the job. Today is a Great Day for you to Resign.
We love it when you tweet Betsy. It’s like open mic at the Comedy Store. I’m up.. is “DeVosED” a verb? I’ll use it in a sentence: “American schools are being “DeVosED”. It means “screwed”, right? #easyF #expelbetsy
Quit, clown.
Better get a INVESTIGATION $45 Million I could find criminal charges on someone for something
Not all kids are taking state tests.  Most are opting out
Maybe you should start by providing the proper funding for our schools.

More focus on one-one tutoring model and customized coaching.
Let’s see you take that test.
