Why didn’t PPhood get cut?  They use the $ for 3 things...to campaign against us with progressive propaganda!  To increase their client base and improve the efficiencies of their killing machine!


Thank you. Keep on keeping on. You are supported out here in the real world; ignore the trolls.
Because we want better public schools, that makes us trolls? I guess we are trolls who care about ALL students even YOURS.  Teaching is a profession that requires expertise and lifelong learning plus compassion and professionalism. Guess that’s a new definition for troll.
I was refering ro the mean people saying nasty things. If that was you then it applies, if not move along, petal.
^ Example of trolls that I said to ignore.
All of the programs that you say is not needed are ineffective.  You have no clue when did you get your masters in education??? Answer you didn't.  The only reason why you got appointed to the position is because you have money so basically you paid your way.
STOP the anchor of student loans on productive, responsible loan payers. Bonus people who have been current on loan payments 15-20years by eliminating the debt. This would award the virtue of responsible people.
Do us all a favor and fire yourself.
Liar 
Your like public school on the weekend.... NO CLASS.
I can't wait until you're gone. Your lack of understanding of the education system and your horrible ideas are a joke. Please quit now, do it for the children.
I want an ANSWER to this question. WHY? ... sjt     
I really think you need to step foot in the struggling public schools and their communities.  You really need to get a true sense as to why they are struggling.  Don’t just make assumptions from your ivory tower.  Pulling money away from these schools won’t solve the problem.
Angry that congress rejected your proposed cuts to education.
What about increase pay for educators?
“Reducing taxpayer...by 6.7 bil”. IS federal footprint with feet headed in wrong direction.
You need to resign NOW.  I am not a Republican but I commend the Congress on throwing out your budget.  This country needs money for public schools etc etc.  Such a lack of knowledge
keep up the cutting of the budget.another thing, Those school that have encourged the walkouts, sending students to Washing, should be sanction!And those in chage should be chg with child endangement.

You have no experience in the field of education .  Your not a teacher or counselor so you have no idea what needs for education.
No money for private schools
https://twitter.com/cindylltt/status/976973683725041664?s=21 …
Really enjoyed seeing you and your "program" taken out back behind the woodshed by Democrats and Republicans alike, Betsy.  No one respects you or your opinions on education. NO ONE.  Please vacate your office immediately and let an actual EDUCATOR take over.
LOLOLOLOL!!!   You lose and students win!
Cutting funding for after school programs for children of need & teacher training really demonstrates how you are all about the kids. Not impressed by your donation from your salary, pocket change for a billionaire like you, to Special Olympics for which your boss cut funding.
good thing Congress finally did something right and ignored her entire budget!  They actually increased spending on many great programs. Screw you @BetsyDeVosED
Hey lady 2u & ur family, Quit over charging my student loans, lowering my credit score, raising my minimum payment, over charging interest, no allowing my co-signer off, & preventing the borrower from paying loans wen due. Selfish! TY 2 the open law suite against u & ur family
Checked my credit score today! Thanks @BetsyDeVosED last yr before this open law suit I had a credit score of almost 700!
Thank you Betsy!
GET FED OUT OF ED ! #RESTOREFERPA #REPEALESSA #SAVEOURSCHOOLS stop http://childabuseintheclassroom.com  @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Congress did the complete opposite of your evil plan. Time to step down and return to your crypt.
I'd rather pay more taxes than this!
Sounds like Congress didn’t agree with your extreme agenda. Maybe that’s what happens when you don’t have a clue what you’re talking about. Just go away.
You are despicable.
You are horrible
You don't know anything about the financial management of your position. 40 charter schools are closing in Arizona due to lack of funds - right now mid-school year. You have a failing grade at your job.
My budget ensures the rich will suck money from education and kill Americans right to a decent education!
You and your crime family are scum of the Earth, my apologies to any scum out there offended by my comment. Betsy DeVos only cares about destroying our education system and funneling all the money into the bank accounts of her fellow evil oligarchs. #imprisonbestsydevos
Fantastic! I was planning on opening a new private school. The Institute of pyramid-marketing, gunsmithing, and Bible study. Hoping that it will be free of poor, minority, and special needs children. I appreciate your ardent support!
You just gutted education at the federal level. Shame on you for wanting to dumb down America.
Did that money come at the expense of me having an ENL teacher to push in so I can service English Language Learners effectively in a team teaching environment?
We need more programs and opportunities, not drastic budget cuts.
Just imagine how many hot lunches and school supplies you can buy for that kind of money.
This is absolutely absurd. If you would please visit an underperforming school, you'd be able to see how even LESS funding isn't going to solve this problem. School choice is a joke.
You are the WORST.
Educated. What were the ways you collected and tested this data you speak of? You put it out here on Twitter like it is the best data ever. Please back up your findings here on Twitter. When I went to college we did the same.
How do you know? What math classes or accounting classes? What were your grades like? So you use data analysis to correlate your finding here? How many data points were used abd how did you collect this data?
Social Darwinism at work - go ahead and look up what that means Betsy
Why are you even in this job.... it’s obvious you have no F’ing clue what you are doing.....   oh I forgot you bought the position so you could screw with minorities...
Why can’t you pass a law stating that if you homeschool your child you don’t pay public school tax. I homeschooled last year and still had to pay public school taxes amt 3000.00 yearly, I don’t think it’s fair to force parents to pay for crap schools.
Do your job go to those bad schools show them you care! our kids are counting on you! I wish people had some  positive comments instead of hateful insults all the dang time such hate in this world is this all social media is for? Hate and more hate Follow the Golden Rule!
We already don’t spend enough of education and you want to cut more. Why is your administrations budget director against the cuts? Answer that. #ClownShow #TrumpsMorons
I call BS.
While I'm all for eliminating wasteful spending, our children's education is not an area I think we should reduce our overall expense.  If you saved 6.7 billion, reinvest that money somewhere else in our struggling schools.

You really have to get better at this Secretary DeVos
Just reminding you, public education is not discretionary,  it is mandated. Vouchers, private schools and charters are discretionary. Make sure you keep that straight when budgeting!
People pay taxes to make sure we have great schools, state-of-the art infrastructure, a government that supports Democracy, and a world-class military - and so we can do it without debt! Only a sociopath thinks all taxes are bad. Only the greedy try to pay less than their share!
No. I am not supporting your dirty money habit; you need help with your addiction.  I'll teach my self to teach school to my kid, in my own style for the real world (Where you don't live), before I allow him into one of your atrocities of a school. I Pay Mine.
Your terrible at your job please quit.
Good - use that money to wipe the #studentdebtcrisis slate clean. Be useful for once!
Civil rights protections are not discretionary programs. They are essential.

Why do refuse to listen to people’s questions and spit out generic talking points with no substance? You are grossly incompetent and an embarrassment to this nation.
Mrs. DeVos - For every hate filled, self-servicing person who responds to your tweets with folly, there are millions more who are praying for you! We know that the walls of our country are weak, but real education, free from indoctrination, will save the day!

-servers at Trump Tower, Alfa Bank, Silicon Valley Bank, and Spectrum Health (owned by the DeVos family) were all in communication with each other and were the target of a FISA application in October of 2016
http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/cover_story/2016/10/was_a_server_registered_to_the_trump_organization_communicating_with_russia.html …
When you say there is no evidence to prove after school programs improve outcomes for students you are wrong, just take a peek at this one study. http://afterschoolalliance.org/documents/21stCCLC-Overview-2017.pdf …
Please resign
It screws public education
Why are we still dealing with common core in our schools !!!
She's so right - who needs music and art in schools? Who really needs affordable student loans? And who needs the higher education that DeVos & Trump are making even more unaffordable? Looks like, under them, only white & wealthy will get the best possible education/opportunities
Nicely put!
Ineffective? Hell, YOU are the most ineffective issue/program U.S. public education has!
You cannot have such a macro approach to education, every student is different. These programs can change the lives of so many students
"#DoNotDoDrugs?"
Realized typting "Don't"=contraction tells college kids, yes do lots of drugs.
Still credit @NancyPelosi the older one, @Reagan_Library with smartest person ever to live in the @WhiteHouseHstry. Ghostbusters on her part @PhillyInquirer @AmericanMensa=99.999%tile!
Who determines that? You, the unqualified and uneducated Secretary of Education?
I am willing to bet you have not reviewed or have any evidence of the programs you have cut to divert funds into private schools!
Private funds? Where are public schools going to get private funds? I couldn’t even get an ink cartridge for half the year...

Corrupt much?!
Yay!!!
shame on lying, stupid, scheming devos.
Betsy DeVos would replace public schools with this:
Shame on you!
How about a list? So that we all know how full of shit this is?
Either the services will be eliminated, or pushed onto the states.  You have no IDEA @BetsyDeVosED.  You keep telling us you are putting students first, but your actions speak the opposite.  Time to resign.
What about after school funding? Why is that eliminated?
Translation-you’re taking money from students to help pay for tax cuts and walls.
Didn't you buy your seat for education something. What do you do. How about a Raise for Teachers nationwide. How about funding for the less fortunate Of Families that have kids that may not be able to buy school Supplies. More Security for our kids.#Resign
Yeah, ok...fool. says NOTHING about public schools, which in your opinion doesn't address national needs.
Keep up the good work Bets! These people are too stupid to realize you're scamming them! Serves 'em right!
I fear my son and step children ALL with IEPs will suffer because of your stupid policies.
If vouchers are more widely distributed people will flock to the “better” schools which will leave the not so great schools under enrolled and understaffed and under resourced. Her system doesn’t work, as proven by what happened in MI.
Ms. DeVosErectileDysfunction your time in office is limited.
Have you ever wondered why students are fighting against you and blocking your entrance? It's because you don't know anything about education and you are attempting to destroy important institutions that protect people.
So disheartening.  Some states don’t have a good track record for managing educational grant funding.  . Please don’t take funds from public schools.  @AngelaKennecke
You should be deeply ashamed of yourself for what you have proposed and done. You have brought ruin, deceit and tyranny to the DOE. You should step down immediately in disgust of your own actions. You call yourself a christian, haha. That's a good laugh.
You are a fucking monster who will singlehandedly destroy US education through pure ignorance.
Didn't you just tweet that the Fed doesn't know what schools need, so how can you then say you know what they don't need?? Less $ = bad4kids
#Devos #Unqualified #PayToPlay #RESIGN
Are you capable of answering a question?
Things got heated when Rep. @RosaDeLauro took Betsy DeVos to task on the Department of Education's potential plan to preempt state regulations on predatory student loan collectors 

F U
Duh Betsy how do you think STATES PAY for school needs. ALL$$$ Come from Taxpayers Pockets so it is a Lie Again to say Taxpayer Relief
$1 Billion for school choice?  What are you taking funding from to get the $1 Billion.  Please answer!!!!!!
How about you limit the amount of money to federal schools, fail to provide for our students and offer minimum wage to our teachers.  And you can call it the Betsy Budget!
this blatantly states that all of the states are the same when looking at education, you are discounting the regional differences that exist
expanding school choice = destroying public schools.
Agreed
Still trying to push vouchers for religious schools? #resign
Resign
Ah, so you're gutting the budget and any programs that may benefit working families.

You are truly Cruella Deville
Why do you hate children?
Ms. DeVos, we don't believe a word you say or write.  We know what tRumps goals are.  Destroy this country.  You are helping him.  You are complicit.  Look it up!
What if the parents can't get their kids to the schools of their 'choice'? That's true for most folks. Schools can hold a finite number of students, so school choice doesn't work there, either. Put the money into the school which need it most, the schools YOU HAVE NEVER VISITED!
How many billions do you stand to make by dismantling the DOE? You are by far the WORST Sec. of Ed in our history. #ResignNOW
"School choice" is not in the students' best interest.
You talk about "needs" so often. Can you clarify what you mean by "national needs?" And what would you consider a national need? I'm not sure you are effective at using Twitter to further or explain your agenda
Whoa!!! Is it 'all' 'hidden'????
WHAT??? Where inthe hell did you pull that one out of???
We all know you are cutting programs. Educators know you are a dangerous demagogue. Resign now!
I hope you get FIRED! I'd say good riddance but you'd be coming back to G.R. most likely and boo to that. Wonder what kinda welcome we'll give to a failure such as yourself... should be interesting!
Her and trump thinking after school programs are unnecessary shows how out of touch both of them are
@BetsyDeVosED So this 1 billion is going to incentives for school choice... meaning your rich friends investing in charter schools will get tax-funded profits instead of that money going to our public schools?  You are a special kind of unqualified evil. #CruellaDeVos
She is pure evil.
You’re going to be pocketing A good amount of money in these deals. That’s awesome!!

Key nugget in NYT story about DeVos, and real reason the career staff is whining to Congress: Union bitterness. "Most notably, the contract cuts down the use of “official time,” which employees could use to do union activities"
I have seen too many children and adults that cannot spell basic words. That's a teacher parent problem doesn't take $.
We are so far behind other countries.
And you the Ditsy Betsy is gonna make it any better?
Betsy is doing nothing to make our schools better. If I could do something I would. Betsy needs to do her job. Schools don't even have enough textbooks to take home no $.
We are behind many countries.
As an educator I concur!
Agree
The fact that that...woman could pay for her cabinet seat shows how low we have sunk
We need someone who really wants to make a difference not Betsy. Parents have to check homework not just ask them. Ask them to spell their words for a test. We have to put education before sports
I went an open house at my child's school a # of years ago.
I looked at the posters around the room and noticed a # of spelling errors. I asked the English teacher who did the posters she said "I did".
We would be better off, Secretary @BetsyDeVos, if we were helping communities build the robust Public School systems that they would naturally choose to have as an instrument of democracy. @SenAlexander @PattyMurray @PostSchools
Take them over the coals mrs Devos America knows your doing great things... Keep following Potus direction you will win through remember it took years to break this ed system will take time to fix ... God bless.
Christian homeschooling doesn't address national needs, either.
Loved your 60 minute interview lol you have no idea what your doing unqualified
My son attends public school in Michigan.  Are you willing to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to correct the damage you have done to our school systems?
Your lack of any qualifications for your Secretary position makes your analysis of the efficacy of existing programs completely suspect and effectively useless. 

Please resign.
She lacks the ability to be a secretary. Period!
Reducing education is an improvement? You are worse at this than I thought!
#MoreValuableThanDeVos
Oh, that’s right. Reducing the number of #OCR to you is ‘discretionary’. That office addresses INDIVIDUAL STUDENT NEEDS - something you keep saying you want when it comes to privatizing education. So do you only advocate for individual students when you can profit? #rhetorical
Thank you Betsy...I worked in the public schools for almost twenty years. There's plenty of room for improvement :)
You figure she’s improving anything by cutting programs by 8 billion?!
Love says; Let us train society/culture by proper Teaching/Training every child to make right choices, good behaviors, character, love, respect w/discipline, rather than currently which encourages/coerces wrong choices, behaviors & undisciplined. Return Parental Rights to Parents
The American have no confidence in you nor your leadership.
You know as well as we do that you are incompetent and unqualified for your job. We need to invest in our schools and our kids because they are the future.
Just as an FYI... there aren't many people that want to spend LESS on education.  You are the first official I have every heard to brag about cutting education... might be a reason you are so unpopular.
You are literally incapable of writing that tweet. LOL
Our kids & grandkids deserve so much better then YOU! You & your family are corrupt! Special Interest like Heritage Foundation R your guide!
You are unqualified for the position that you bought for $200 million in GOP campaign contributions. You are only there for the perks & personal gain. Please explain about the 2 student loan companies you still own? Your brother is a traitor & you are more like him than u admit!
Thus begins the destruction of education in the United States in favor of the "school choice" programs that have caused Michigan schools to fall below the national average.
Wow ,,does this mean the middle class will bare the burden ? The first vouchers will be for your grandkids! Money must be tight in your household

i could not believe the attack they waged on ben on furniture.. it was a joke.

Discretionary programs like protecting #LGBTQ students from the effects of bullying?

The hypocrisy of being a crazy dominionist while at the same time hating children really explains that dead, vacant look in your eyes.
辞任
You have no idea what you are doing. Just gutting public schools with the help of The Heritage Foundation, of whom you work for! #FireDeVos
Keep 'em stupid right Betsy?!
You are doing right by reducing spending. These people in your department are just lashing out because their jobs may be deleted. This happens in the business sector too.
Jackie is an uneducated Texan
You don’t even know me. Must be a liberal. They seem to make comments without facts.
You are a very nasty person.


School shooting again today. Care to comment Sec Moron?

You took out "my no child go hungry program" you do know honey some kids thats there only meal at school

Give some examples of what programs you feel do not address national needs, or that duplicate other programs, or how you deem them ineffective.
The plan is for her to slowly shut down the Department of Education and create an advisory committee that answers directly to the president. You can see the steps in action.
If you need proof, read the @nytimes article that just broke on her Secret 56-page plan to consolidate and reorganize the entire department.
You do understand that state and local funds also come from taxpayers?
You’re a disgrace
"It also puts more money in my own pocket thanks to student loan collectors and ignores the rights of children with disabilities and protections for minorities."
Yeah, eliminating after school programs for minorities "don't address national needs" 
DeVos is a straight-up racist. She's drafting programs to segregate white kids into private, religious schools.

She's a fucking insane dominionist that has no business near any federal building, much less a child.
Please resign.

