Stop paying attention to charter schools and FUND PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
Every child deserves a excellent public education! When did main stream schools become low or 2nd class? I raised 4 children to productive adults in the public sector, after being failed myself in private! Parents MUST contribute to their child's education too! Some parents>>
With that last part about adults letting students down...does that mean you are resigning?
You need to work on your spelling and grammar.
Then you need to go....do it for the kids...
What do you hate for PUBLIC schools? Lack of funding or resources? Lack of trained staff? Where is your concern for all of America's children?
I have been a teacher for 20 plus years in Boston.  The best thing you can do for public education is to resign.  I am 100% serious.
Why would you want her to resign? She’s a breath of fresh air.
How long have you been teaching?
I've been teaching for 35 years. DeVos is horrible and should resign.
You give no valid reason she should resign. Horrible? How?
I will untag the others and give you my thoughts.  In general, we need a revolution, reform has failed us.  50% of black/brown kids and 70% of Nat Am Kids drop out of school.  Choice might help, at best 10% of our kids.  We need 100% fix.  BD has no vision.
Pls answer: 
1. Why was your Spectrum Health server exchanging data w/Alfa Bank's server during the campaign?
2. Do U know Alfa Bank launders RUS mob ?
3. What was your brother doing in Seychelles w/George Nader & Kirill Dmitriev?
4. How long has your family been in the CNP?
TY
I'd like Betsy to answer these:

Is your old friend Trent Lott responsible for this deal? 

Was this Lott's side gig from getting #SemionMogilevich off the Ten Most Wanted list?

How effective has this partnership been at sanction-busting money laundering?

Have a Birchy evening!
@mikes_booh

Oh My Gosh...

I missed the  connection between Trent Lott and Betsy Devos.

I am going to have to search for Sen Lott and Betsy Devos...

I knew Sen Lott was instrumental in getting  #SemionMogilevich  off of the FBI Ten Most Wanted List.

http://amp.slate.com/blogs/crime/2013/08/05/semion_mogilevich_fbi_ten_most_wanted_list_this_obese_mob_boss_is_twice.html?__twitter_impression=true …
Interesting connection, isn't it? 

I found it using the Googles.

Cc @Grzabjj
Oh thank you!!
@mikes_booh

Oh My gosh!!!    Another Secret Society!!

Oh My Gosh....  They want to 
--- do away with Fed Dept of Education
--- change public schools to teach their form of christianity

IMO --  then science gets removed next..
I live in MI and retired from public school system. 

We were HORRIFIED when DeVos was appointed!! When our Governor Rick Snyder (R) won 7 yrs ago HE wanted to decimate public schools himself. NEA fought as hard as they could and he still won.  
CNP:
https://www.splcenter.org/sites/default/files/cnp_redacted_final.pdf …
TY.   For your reply.
Shut up!  The country knows you paid your way into this position, not earned it.
What I hate is for an unqualified Secretary of Education to make unqualified assessments of students and teachers based on her family’s need to monetize the educational system for personal gain.  But, you know, that’s just me.
I hate when the sec of education has no education in education or actually reads research.
What I hate is YOU &BetsyDeVosED

What kind of sentence structure is that?
Shut up
“Let student down”.   Which student, that individual one student you referred to in your “60 Minutes” interview?
Kill the communist global education system aka common core. Problem solved.
So, Trump University yeah? You hatin' on that Betsy, because the university of trump sure did fail.
What most people hate is privileged elitists, like yourself, dictating what needs to be done when you have zero experience, zero credibility, and you bought your position. You didnt earn it. You didn’t work for it. You certainly don’t deserve it.
I raised 4kids in the public school system. I was failed tremendously by the private school sector and swore my kids would NEVER be a part! All completed higher education. I am confused to what is being done to keep our Children 1st, both educationally and their safety! I think>>
2) I think Trump putting together this Federal Commission on school safety is for appearance ONLY! He can NOT expect you to figure out what makes a school shooting scenario and stop It! This is too important to risk the lives of THOUSANDS of students by not having qualified>
3) We can not risk the lives of THOUSANDS of student lives by having unqualified ppl work on a committee the have no knowledge of! This is NOT personal 2u! It is to the lives of family still in the system, inc my Son whose is a teacher! There is nothing wrong with telling the>>
There is nothing wrong with telling President this is NOT my expertise! Lives depend on it! Be a part of the program, but we need the top ppl in the field of security and student behavior to understand the making of a school shooter!
So, by your own guidance, you need to stop letting students down. Resign!
Prayers for you, keep up the great work
If you "hate this" why not visit the schools in #detroit?
Doing great Betsy.  They are apparently on a mission. Her attack of you is disgusting. #MAGA
Oh Tinker, how can you claim to love God? You're a "christian" supporting the man that said, "I moved on her like a bitch" about a married woman and cheated on his wives. #8thcommandment #Fakechristian #Godiswatchingyou
Attacking my faith is not the way to go.  I am a Christian and God loves me.  Despite your ignorance He loves you too.  Have a blessed day!
Obviously. What’s your point?
Educators don’t hate, they evaluate
Betsy, nobody cares, just resign and save everyone the headache
#Resign - you let all of the above fail with your incompetence.  Beside that, your husband is a #Traitor as is your brother.  All of your family is working hard to damage U.S.A.  #Moveto Russia
But the charter schools in Detroit are up in test scores right?!?! So that’s “good” come on! #DOBETTERDEVOS #DOSOMETHINGDEVOS
Really? Then fund education and student loans.
crap crap    stop shitting on the system BDeV!
I hate when predatory student loan providers have the regulations against them eliminated. Oh wait! You did that.
Worst #SecretaryOfEducation ever? Shouldn't she volunteer at a public school or something or like visit one before she becomes #SecretaryofEducation? My son attends a public school, and it is excellent. I'd like to keep it that way, @BetsyDeVosED.
So do I see you promoting funding of STEAM programs? Do I see you working to take student loans away from the loan sharks? Do you promote magnate programs & vo-tech/vo-ag schools?
I agree with you, but the student loans? That should be changes in the higher education. Why is so much $? And still who is getting them? Dean, assistan dean, Rector, supporting staff... how is it possible that they retire with full pension and they get retirement bonus? OMG
Yes, tuitions have gotten out of hand but right now we need to deal w/student/parent debt. Interest on my PLUS loan for my 1st child  3.1% (2006) 2nd kid? 8.0% (2014)
The loan should have not been there in a first place. Education should not be that expensive. Look at Singapore, look at Europe. Here cost of education is unrealistic expensive and the knowledge is honestly up to the kids how much they will absorb and how well the educators are.
Again, I agree. I'm willing to pay taxes to fund education, healthcare and infrastructure.
I am not. Cause those taxes doesn’t go back in my pocket or for my needs. Taxes cover unions, med insurance that is overpriced, administrative payments.
That's why I clarified what I am willing to pay taxes for. Sadly Congress has other priorities for my $$ Funny (no haha) how other gov'ts r corrupt to don't dare mess w/the funds for ed, healthcare and/or infrastructure
Effective is when the team around the kids is smaller, teacher well paid, parents who are more involved in the ed. That is my stand from experience and I saw it working in other environments
Poor language choices Betsy. Beginning a thought with "I Hate." Shows you're on the losing end of the conversation. Helpless. Instead, try, "I'm taking responsibility for..." Shows you're in charge. Who's managing your social media anyway? #EducationForAll

#incompetent
And we hate you! Resign!!!!
Another intelligent tweet.
I hate that you have such an important job. You are unqualified.
If you really believe what you just posted you should resign. You have failed to demonstrate even a minimal level of competency as Ed Sec. You are preventing someone who could make an impact as Ed Sec from doing so by taking that seat. Appalling performance, zero accomplishment!
Go to the corner Betsy
YOU are letting students all over the country down all at once. You're in way over your head. #resignbetsy
If you resign, then my children will have one less adult to let them down.
I agree... So resign. Don't let students down.
Hahahahaha 
YOU are one adult who is letting down an entire nation!
What I hate is rich adults who hold positions of power they're unqualified for, and who are hellbent on performing as bad actors, keeping  from reaching its full potential.

YOU are the reason kids are losing the opportunity to reach their fullest potential.  YOU are failing our kids, YOU are certainly a bad actor, and THE adult leading the charge of letting students down. #MirrorMirror #60Minutes
If you hate that then why have you screwed the kids in Michigan?

http://michiganradio.org/post/test-scores-detroit-charter-schools-twice-high-citys-public-schools-both-are-bad …
This is lip service. What ideas do you have? We need a person who actually knows what they’re talking about. Resign now!
You know nothing about schools. You bought your job with $millions of contributions to the R’s. You are a disgrace. You have no training, no knowledge or experience with schools. Resign!
We hate that you have anything to do with our children.  That's what we hate.
RESIGN
Even when the person who is letting students down is you?
My concern is federal money being kept from public schools in favor of private, charter and other selective schools. Public schools with diminished funding will be assigned all those not “selected”. A lose-lose situation.
You let American students down when you accepted a job that for which you have no clue. RESIGN.
#Dummy
Then why did you fight so hard  against holding "for profit charter schools" in Michigan to to the same transparency and disclosure standards as public schools?
You are the biggest LIAR ever. Charter Schools and Private Schools are the problem, as are you. If you really believed the crap your saying then leave public school alone, freaking trog.
Your grammar and punctuation are poor.  You should go back to fourth grade.
Please resign
This is you @BetsyDeVosED
What I hate is for kids to lose the opportunity to reach their fullest potential. I hate when private schools fail kids, when charter schools are bad actors, and any time that adults let student down. #60Minutes
"and any time that adults let student down" Oh, like when teenagers are shot to death?
You are clearly unqualified. RESIGN NOW. Take your money and donate it to charities; DO NOT hold an office for which you have zero experience in. #FireDeVos  @realDonaldTrump FIRE HER NOW. DO something for once!
Did you look in the mirror and see the one woman who is failing ALL OF AMERICA’S children?  Yes, your reflection!
I hate when secretaries of education let kids, parents and teachers down.
Well you are letting many kids down. Step aside
Then why did you stop efforts in Michigan to hold charters accountable?
Shut up
Kids can reach their full potential if you resign and let someone more qualified take over.
So you are blaming teachers for kids failing?  What about the parents?  What about kids not doing what they are supposed to do.

My dentist tells me to floss daily.....if I don't and I get a cavity, should I blame my dentist?
I believe the word you're looking for in the last line is "students." You know, the plural of "student." #60Minutes
That interview was shameful. You clearly have no idea what you are talking about. This is what happens when you buy a job you’re not qualified for. You should be mortified with embarrassment.
You are evil
So you admit that charter schools are bad actors. So why are you trying push it on everyone?
You are the single most incoimpatant woman in America to hold office including the pinhead from Alaska
Boooo. Resign. You're out of your depth.
Smaller Class Size Might Foster more Collegial Relationships Among Students less Bullying, Increase Teacher Awareness of Students with Emotional/Behavior Prevent Future Columbines and Parklands.
Never Fear All is Not Lost. Gifted and Motivated Students Have Always Done Well and Continue to Achieve Despite Many Low Achievers in Schools. US Secret Weapon Kids of American Dream Immigrant Kids Are Respectful Highly Motivated Out Perform all other Ethnicities.
So you’re handing the President your resignation letter today? Thank you for doing that so we can get back to putting education ahead of failing adults such as @BetsyDevosED
A surplus of money as well as a gigantic deficit of intelligence.

#GodDisgraceAmerica

#Disgusting

#Guillotines
You hate your donors, who own for profit charter schools, not being able to cash in.
The arrogance it takes to knowingly occupy an important position that will affect the lives of millions of children when you are completely unqualified for that position is staggering. And deeply evil.
Yay, so you're resigning #DevosResignation
#60Minutes + @BetsyDeVosED = 
Have u visited 1 failing school in your 14 months....no
But you letting public educators down is ok? #Teachertired
Then quit letting the kids down and resign.
Did the Secretary of Education just use the word, "hate"? Well, I guess it's appropriate to talk about arming teachers?
Mr. Huber, I’m curious as to what your opinion is  on arming teachers being that you’re a trained veteran who still serves our country.
We have trained officers in our schools that are more capable and willing to stop a threat. They are professionals. Me hiding in my classroom with a "Derringer" seems silly.
YOU are letting our kids down!  Schools need funding in order to function and educate our kids.
Are you sure you hate it when adults let students down? You must really hate yourself, then.
Your entire sham appointment is the best example of adults letting children down ever. You are an appalling ghoul, you better hope there isn't a hell, because you'll have a ticket booked there if there is...
Then quit and let someone that is qualified do your job.
*students, Madam Secretary of Education. 

You're letting students down because you don't know what you're doing.

#StopBetsy
#Resign
You are not qualified!
Fun fact: It's literally your job to prevent that from happening. 

Not your job: smiling and saying that choice fixes everything when presented with the fact that your plan didn't work in Michigan. #60Minutes
You hate. 

Period.
Well, we hate that you think you're competent. We hate that you're not sitting on a beach somewhere sipping Mai-Tai's. We hate that you're RUINING the education system of the US!
Make the first step and resign.
What you actually said ---
More children will lose their lives if you start arming schools. The NRA and Trump are not masters of education. Much like you as you proved on 60 Minutes.
Then you hate yourself?? Is this a cry for help? Try @talkspace and maybe suggest that to your boss as well......@thedollop
What an absolute JOKE!!! Your interview was HORRENDOUS!! Resign NOW!!! Shameful how someone with  NO CLUE about Education was appointed to your position I cry for the children!!!
What I hate is when a person who went to school, earned their education and should've been hired for a job loses that job to a billionaire.
Remember I want armed teachers in the school. I don’t care if low income students don’t have pencils or paper.  It’s what the @NRA wants....
Then why are you actively working to let down every public school student in the U.S.? It’s despicable, especially since freedom of education is a basic part of American democracy. You are undermining our nation’s basic foundation.
Yeah, lets have a little more transparency...
What I hate is when an entitled ignoramus with no qualifications buys her way into a position that makes her feel good about her chosen 'pet project'. Hey Betsy, having loads of cash doesn't make you smart and it certainly doesn't make you qualified. You are a dangerous joke.
Resign.
You let everyone down. Resign.
Lady, you are absolutely in the wrong field. You are completely unqualified and are an embarrassment to this country. Your level of apathy is appalling. #BetsyDeVos #60Minutes
Yet, your policies does exactly this. You cannot accept EVERY child into your programs. You are the Bad Actor, you are letting students down. You are preventing students from reaching the fullest potential. You should resign immediately!!

I had not seen a TV interview so cringe-inducing, since Sarah Palin saw Russia from her backyard.

I mean really folks, it’s not like DeVos was being asked to explain the…
I hate it when the Secretary of Education is hostile to public education. When her family made billions off a pyramid scheme company and bought her position. I hate it any time someone who is supposed to be devoted to education can't form a proper sentence.
You are a disgrace
Are your charter schools going to be held to the same standards you hold public schools?
Vouchers have been devastating for education in Michigan and now you want to let down the rest of the country too. You do realize that greed is a sin, right? #60minutes
Resign.
You let students down every single day you're in your position.
Like you let down the students every day for being in a position that was rubber stamped by a corrupt gop.
You are bad at this
Just one student? 

Proofreading is rad when you're the Sec of Ed.
Ignoring public education and draining funds from it results in kids who can’t reach their potential. #60Minutes
You let the kids down every single day. You head the education department, yet you answer questions about the educational system with, "I don't know." And that's the problem.That you don't know. You aren't misunderstood, you just aren't qualified for the job. Everyone sees that.
You're the secretary of education, and you weren't prepared  for a simple TV interview. Do you really think you're qualified for this position?  You're a rich, pampered dilettante, who's in over her head.
#FIREDEVOS

You know what would really help the children? If you resign.
Just resign. You never attended public school. You are inept at the job you didn’t earn, nor deserve. You bought this position as @realDonaldTrump is for sale. #sad #resigndevos #DEVOSMUSTGO
What I hate is that you were appointed to a position that you have  no knowledge about or experience in and look and sound totally illiterate when asked about your job. What I really hate is that our kids are losing opportunities because of the lack of funding. RESIGN Betsy!
@BetsyDeVosED, please visit all kinds of schools!
Visit low performing ones, see what we are up against. Visit the high performing ones and find out what works for them.   Find ways for all kids get the best!Put all energy into public schools!!!
#proudpublicschoolteacher
I hate it when a person who is in charge of our Countries Public Education System has absolutely no KNOWLEDGE of said system. I work in MI as a PUBLIC SCHOOL EMPLOYEE!!! You are a disgrace! If you truly cared about Education in this Country RESIGN NOW!!!
It appears that the expensive schools your parents paid for your education let you down completely.
You are shill for a guy who created a non existent university. Your only goal is to funnel money to Christians so they can teach their creationist bull.
You are an adult who is letting students down, because you are not working with educators to learn about the systems and what is working and what is not. You are not listening, you are blindly pushing your agenda without any regard for how it impacts students. Respect is earned.
So you hate yourself...message received.
With you at the helm these kids are doomed! Schools don't have a proper budget to work with and now money will go out to arm teachers. Not education but arming teachers. We're lost morons are running our country and getting paid for substandard work. Just RESIGN!
Besides defunding public education, what are your plans? You have none because your only goal is to steal money from those children who most need it. I watched you lie, plagiarize, refuse to answer and smile through your confirmation.  You are not qualified for this position
You're letting all of the children in this country down. RESIGN!
little back-and-fill today to obscure your total failure on @60Minutes???
Your Dominionist cult beliefs feed your desire to turn our educational system into armed & gated white supremacist thought prisons for American children. Your allegiance to Putin & your brother’s criminal mercenaries is clear. What were your servers doing with Alpha Bank, Betsy??
You have let us all down! You are unqualified, and detrimental to the education process
You are clearly unfit for your job after that interview.
You’re awful. Fix the public schools. Give them money, resources, supplies, and good teachers. The rest of your agenda is nothing but a scam to deregulate education—which badly needs protections. Doing away with essential protections for minorities is one of your ugly scams.
You failed to mention public schools and how they’ve failed a whole generation of children with political correctness, perverse sexual teachings, Islamic indoctrination, common core and a corrupt NEA!
Please make it easier 4 parents 2 home school. Much more cost effective + more safe. Everyone has a computer or cell phone kids can test on. Use public schools for testing only. Teaching needs2include growing our own food, home exonomics + survival techniques4emergency situations
Take a look at your own state schools, not a raging success there eh?
I hate when people get nepotism jobs where they can do amazing damage to children!
Betsy for Prison
She lives in at least two multi-million dollar mansions, at least two are waterfront. Oceanfront in Vero Beach, and lakefront in Michigan. She has invested a lot in her buildings, but refuses to invest in our kids.
What you love, though, is the ability for people to make great profits in education.
I hate it when public schools fail kids & let them down because our tax $$ pay for the failure, and there is no choice in that. Private school expenses are above the cost of public schools and are chosen at great sacrifice to the families.
Your interview on 60 minutes was a disgrace! It's clear you have no idea what you're doing and our kids are suffering! Michigan ranks 48th in the state. Michigan has suffered enough under Republican rule. No job, Flint can't drink it's own water. Top it off with a shit education!
What are you doing to make sure public schools are advancing...not private schools for profit but public schools
Resign and put someone more competent in your place. You know nothing about education. You are less than useless
How a billionaire like yourself gets reduced to a fledgling tool within the political machine. How good family money gets dirtied inside amoral bureaucracy.
I saw you on TV. You were bad.
Fantastic interview on 60 Minutes. Glad that people outside of education got to see you for who you truly are. All those years you put in the classroom really showed when you were asked those questions by Leslie Stahl.
President Beth Simek @andzmomaz and @CharleneforAZ bill #AZHB2452 to abolish corporal punishment off at the clerk’s office! Big day for AZPTA and for our children! #SpareTheRod #ESSA #ACEs #MeTooK12 #BULLYING @NPTAPresident @NationalPTA @westfall104

Brogan highlights how the Trump and Obama years differ when it comes to public school policy. During his confirmation hearing, Brogan said he administered corporal punishment as an educator and said it's an issue best left to states.
So you don't even mention public schools? Are they on your to-do list at all??
I hate when people in positions like yours pretend to give a damn about our kids. So tired of this entire administration.
