He could no longer stand to be any where you were.... take the hint! LEAVE TOO!
Mississippi is back on the menu boys !
It would be an honor to watch you follow in his footsteps.
When is your last day? I hope soon!
Sad to see dedicated public servants @teachers leave our schools. I wish we would put education first and respect our teachers.
No one cares about you or thad, dummy!
When will you leave? There will be going away parties breaking out everywhere
Why, does he own a for profit private school?
Why don't you follow him and STEP DOWN NOW
By whom?
Betsy, hoping you are next. What a lying, obnoxious, self centered, human being.
Rats off a sinking ship, Betsy. Take note.
Do us all a favor and follow his lead.
Resign.
...YOU'RE NEXT...LMAOOO WE NEED A REAL EDUCATOR TO REPLACE YOU..LOL!
cant wait til you leave the 4th reich and join the ranks of prisoners in the federal Pen
You would think that in reading your replies that you would follow in @SenThadCochran shoes and resign. You’re out of touch as to what the current education system is
Please tell us you are leaving. We would like to celebrate!
Rats off a sinking ship, Betsy.
You’re up!
You're an embarrassment to hard working educators everywhere. History will not be kind to your or this Administration.
pic.twitter.com/NuMrPzSIEC
Yep, the Reps r dropping like flies! Probably tired of being embarrassed by 45! Also, they know their chances for re-election r slim to none. They’ve allowed 45 to run the WH on lie after lie, bad decision after bad decision and, backing him up all the way!!!!!!
Yeah, it is sad when one of the few people who DIDN"T vote for anti-lynching laws leaves Congress. #racist
Will you please join him? #resign #unqualified #studentsmatter #Education
https://www.scribd.com/document/371379387/LEAD-Academy-public-charter-school-application … how did this lame charter school application get approved on Alabama? They have no educational experience and Soner Tarim with the Gulen Crime Cartel is on the application. #WakeUpAmerica #WhoIsGulen #CharterSchoolFraud #StandWithFlynn
BYEEEEEEpic.twitter.com/gx0Ga7kk56
Oh he will not be missed. Woot. Woot.
Senator Cochran has more integrity and in his little toe than you or POTUS.
You next?
Poor Betsy Wetsy doesn’t realize they are leaving of embarrassment of her administration
Why not go with him???
I like that you used the word PUBLIC. Feels good, don’t it
Shut up, Betsy. Rim me.
When will you leave?
He’s holding the door for you, madam secretary! Why do you think we want to hear a word from your lying, deceitful, crooked with your brother, a$$?!?! We really don’t! YOU HAVE NOTHING TO TELL US! Buh-bye!
GTFO AMWAY Shyster. Pyramid scheme.
Would be better if you were leaving. You are a disgrace to education.
Why do you keep talking as if you are a legitimate member of our government? You are an unqualified cronie who was hired to further the financial interests of those who would reserve quality education for the rich. Resign.
Yeah, without his vote you bought you wouldn't have been approved. He dishonored all of us who served when he sold out to you. #RethinkDeVos
U should not be in your current position. U dont have a degree in education, in child development, mental health counseling,http://etc.you  have NO business running the country’s education system..supporting Christian schools makes you completely out of touch w all of us
What’s even sadder is a woman who has to buy her position. #followhim
Was he someone you paid to get your job?
We’ve had enough of you too. Take a hike
Please be next!
Yes, he actually had years and years of public service unlike some money grubbing Christofascist grifters that shall remain nameless, Betsy.
Are u next. Before you mess up our kids schooling.
Nah nah, nah nah, hey hey hey...
If only you’d leave
Resign already. You are an embarrassment to the educators of the US.
He was a public servant for one of the worst states for education in the nation.
Rot in hell, you corporatist know-nothing.
People are just so hateful, know wonder why this world is in shambles.
No, not know.
My bad Mark.
Seriously, go away!!!
A rich white Jew woman cannot not possibly advocate for poor black children in urban neighborhoods of America's poorest cities. You're are stone cold and on the day of your judgement, God will show you the errors in your selfish ways.
Your sad to see another republican leave cause that’s gonna end up being a dem seat now.
Oligarch DeVos, what is your brother up to today? How much are you profiting off your position as Sec of Education?
you know I want to see you succeed in the education department here is an idea I got from a radio show that will work mandate all 50 states to teach the Declaration of Independence and the Constitutional rights on forms of tests regardless of what they may be.
We would like you to make your policy decisions on real research, not your personal experiences being rich and religious. You have zero education in education. You don’t take our education and years of teaching seriously. Resign.
Wish you would quickly follow in his footsteps. You are a disgrace.
Betsy the Bigot DeVos needs to resign!
Hitch a ride please
He was a public servant, you are strictly private
And not the brightest Penny in the pile...
Good thing you were able to buy his vote at the time.
You should go with him!
