A sobering look at what Betsy DeVos did to education in Michigan-and what she might do as secretary of education -
DeVos champions online charter schools, but the results are poor
Top 10 Reasons School Choice Is No Choice | In reality, it’s just a scam to make private schools cheaper for rich people, further erode the public school system and allow for-profit corps to gobble up education dollars meant to help children succeed.
Teachers' groups give DeVos an 'F'
Trump's Education Budget Would Hurt the Working Class - The Atlantic
DeVos rescinds 72 guidance documents outlining rights for disabled students - The Washington Post
Schools began ignoring rape reports after DeVos' campus sexual assault policy changes, lawsuit says https://www.dailykos.com/story/2018/1/29/1736910/-Schools-began-ignoring-rape-reports-after-DeVos-campus-sexual-assault-policy-changes-lawsuit-says … …
I would like to share my concerns that defunding public education also does little to help low performing schools and preserves the status quo in failing schools. You can help by learning about and supporting the successes in public schools and ensuring fair legislation.
Betsy Devos has done little to help failing schools.
Schools were failing before Betsy DeVos I assure you.
It’s her job to fix it and not be a further hinderance. This administration has been in over a year and done nothing but be consumed by scandal.
This country believe it or not lived under scandal of Barack O. Of course I'm sure you don't believe that.
And we aren’t talking about Obama right now. We’re talking about TRUMP.
One of the cornerstone strategies of this administration is instead of answering for what they are or aren’t doing it’s deflect and comparing in the vein of “well what about when Obama did this” or “what about when Clinton did that” - equivocation and avoidance.
Like one’s nose everyone has an opinion. How old were you by the way when Ronald Regan and Bill Clinton were in office?
I’m confused , because my age when something took place affects my ability to understand it? Ex. If not alive during holocaust then shouldn’t speak on it ?
Were any concerned about the move to bring in gender education into law?
Really don’t know you but I really don’t like you.  Your fake and not very smart.  Sorry
Citations needed
Why aren't you talking directly to the teachers instead of the governors who are as clueless as you?
There is no such thing as a “failing school”, only failures in leadership. Case in point, YOU.
Yep so get the f**k out !
As long as your reform doesn’t stand in parents way to choose what type of school works best for them! Example option 3 homeschooling
It takes Wisdom to recognize True Innovation, something that yields significant impact. I've been trying to show you this for months, your so-called experts say you don't need to see this, wow!!! I think they're afraid you'll actually understand the impact
You have any ideas?!? That is your job.
Common core has failed OUR children! Just seeing the books in the classrooms is a reminder that OUR children DO NOT matter! Fix EDUCATION PLEASE! A extremely concerned parent!!!!

Which Governor’s? Put their names out there.
Especially since most all complies w/The Liberal Arts Curriculum Indoctrination of their far left wing liberal agendas/destructive ways. Permissible to teach/coerce the unthinkable, but not permissible to teach, right from wrong, moral values, discipline or love one another? SEE?
Cone on Secretary!.  What are you going to do?.  Where have you been?
Resign
Actually why does the US need a nat'l dept of ed if it is put back into the hands of state and local. #ProblemSolved
Are schools there to help us teach our children? Or are our children there to validate the existence of these underperforming, cost prohibitive schools. The status quo has been long overdue for a makeover. Like it or not, the 21st century has arrived.
Who? Which ones?
Can you please provide details of the help you have actually given to our schools??
Okay, that's two. Who else "lamented" , Betsy? Some people were watching on C-SPAN and reporting many in the audience looked a tad bit upset by your speech.

cc @RedTRaccoon
And you believe eliminating "layers of bureaucratic paperwork", thus weakening protections for sexual assault victims and members of the LGBT community is considered leading by example 
Hey Betsy, do us a favor and resign? Then we can get someone in there who actually knows about education and not funneling money to private enterprises.
Betsy, Have you considered a nationalized version of the EAA in Detroit?
You are doing a great job! Please ignore the haters! America's children need the school system to start working for them again!
Can't turn around what's been wronged for 16+ years which Ted Kennedy got started with NCLB putting it off on GWB.
