Why is this horrible, lying and porn type objectionable material on the Florida Department of Education website for schools to use?
The "Florida Citizen's Alliance" were unable to get Bill CS/HB 827 by Rep Donalds passed in the Florida Legislature to remove objectionable materials from the Department of Education website for counties to use. This is horrific! Historical falsehoods etc. http://floridacitizensalliance.com/liberty/init-res/scc-public-res/curriculum/oct-2017-objectionable-materials-report.pdf …
Our children deserve someone quailed the @PADeptofEd and not some trust fund billionaire twat. You seriously need to resign, asshole.
TeacherS I am a early educator learning Is just a small part meaning School . The education system is just as in need. Kids need skills of humanity not just generic school work ! Our future is all upon their heads!
Details?  Nice buzzwords.

Parents are completely shouldering the burden of raising their children, financially, physically, spiritually, intellectually. All to be handed over on a platter to the mind numbing propagandism of the left? They will NOT infringe on my God-given rights! That's why I home-school. …
... But especially in public schools, right? 

Instead of challenging the students to do better, I'd like to challenge the Department of Education to do... Anything.
What our children deserve is someone more qualified for the Secretary of Education. #resign
Have you BEEN in a public school classroom? I can promise you the creativity is amazing and would be even more so without the test prep education today’s children are forced to endure. “Failure must be manufactured in order to sell the cure.” We’re onto you. @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
cunt
Yes, w/well-funded, dynamic media centers serving our diverse students and teachers. Please make sure that school librarians have a seat at the table to talk with you how today's school librarians & libraries can impact student learning.  @HighlandGaston #NBRS17 @ncslma #HSTreads
You don't have students.
RESIGN NOW
Quit talking and do something!
ya so don’t arm teachers
BUT WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU ACTUALLY DOING?!?
You know nothing! Every day you demonstrate that you are completely inept and unqualified for your job! If you had the smallest shred of decency, pride, or true concern for our nation’s children, you would resign immediately!
Sounds good— but your policies and plans leave out many kids.  And your 60 minutes interview was just embarrassing and pathetic.  Please resign.
Per your 60 Minutes interview, you are even dumber than anyone thought

As an educator, I am astonished you do not know that, yes, this really is going on right now. Creative learning. Innovation. Challenging Courses.  If you'd ever really taught, been in public education, you would know. Astonishing ignorance.
Just how do you think the U.S. got to where it is today?
At its core, I very much agree with this statement. We should always be pushing to improve and engage learning environments. I fundamentally disagree with how you go about accomplishing this though...how can you push for an improvement, when you don't visit the schools that 1/2
Just. Go. Away.
vouchers and defunding of public schools create a societal harm on all others left behind in the public school system. It my not be directly the same as 50 years ago but this is still segregation poor kids getting poorer when you take the rich white kids out of their schools.
Have courage, RESIGN NOW

And environments that make you more money! #betsydemoneybags
Betsy stop tweeting all this jargon and pretending you are an advocate for students. We all know your agenda and it does nothing to help all students. Just go home,  you’ve done enough damage
Pack your pencil case and Just.Go.Away.
What can we do to challenge you to do better as Secretary of Education? Your performance thus far is lackluster at best.
When dirt playgrounds are all you got on reservations. When students must be driven hundreds of miles to learn.  When college students focus on surviving instead of thriving, creativity isn’t the issue.  It’s the ignorance at the very very very top level.
Our children deserve SAFE learning environments.

And instead of taking reasonable gun law reform measures, you and the @GOP with @realDonaldTrump want to instead arm our poor teachers.

You are clueless and frankly a danger to our youth.

#GunReformNow
So adequately fund PUBLIC ed. Duh!
But how can our “deserving children” obtain these creative, agile, relevant, and exciting learning environments without funds?
Maybe if you spent your time working and visiting schools instead of tweeting
Teachers and parents are doing this all day, everyday. Fanatic goofballs like you, living in a protected vacuum, are the drag on progress. Learn and lead, or get the hell out of the way.
Really?  But deny students the means to afford college? You really are quite a piece of work, corrupt, un-American and a corporate shill.  A disgrace as Secretary of Education.  Go home!
#Resign
The most creative thing you’ve ever done is pick out what color your car is.
Mind blown! What a great id.....WAIT!!!  You're a step behind, BD.  We already do that, at our own expense.
Moronic “education secretary”. You probably can’t tie your own shoes.

You’re a pyramid scheme crook, DeVos.
Our children deserve a qualified Secretary of Education...
I challenge you to do your job to improve public education. Get specific. Your vague use of words like "creativity and innovation" is largely useless. Have you come up with one good idea to help improve public schools? I think not.
And you do that by getting richer from family money and the rest of us work for our money
Our children deserve safety.
Like Amway scheme?
We need someone with an education administration/policy & teaching background in this position.  @BetsyDeVosED isn't qualified.  Sorry.
Words words words. 

You don't even understand most of what you say.
You are a complete disgrace to anything remotely resembling education. You better keep those check going to Trump or you may be the next to receive the tweet-firing!!!
Arming teachers is beyond Innovation.  When innocent children are killed or wounded in the crossfire between armed teachers, they should be labeled as #DeVos_Casualties to immortalize your stupidity and ensure you get eternal credit.
Have you received a tweet from Trumpty Dumpty yet?  Your time surely is coming up! Watch out for that "compliment".  Don't let the school door slam you in the ---.
Challenge yourself, DeVos, to become knowledgeable and competent in your job. Visit schools. Listen to teachers.
So what is one thing that you have done in a classroom to do this?
How do you improve underperforming schools when you don’t visit them. C’mon Ditsy.
Interesting choice — when there’s something I know nothing about, I generally try to avoid preaching to others about it
But you are promoting sucking money from education to pay rich people who own for profit schools.
Who writes these for you?
I challenge you to do better and be better too! Develop understanding of the impact of legislative actions both federally and locally on school systems. Politicians are handcuffing our schools removing opportunity to truly innovate. This ma’am is your responsibility.
Hmmmm yet you are taking away funding
You need to step down or be fired. You don't seem to know anything about education!
There's a lot of solutions out there. You just have to be willing to do the work.
Why don't you get out there and talk to average, traditional schooled kids and find out what the problems are. BTW average are not the popular kids.
Get off Twitter and do something. Spending your days like Trump will not produce results.
So, maybe-I don’t know- fund the actual schools?  Give teachers the resources and pay they deserve, and maybe you’ll see a turn around.
Please find a job for which you are actually qualified. You’ve clearly demonstrated that you have no idea about what will make schools better.
Really, you’re gonna find art and music education again? That’s awesome. Thanks.
Kind of like all the pictures 8,000 teachers showed you the other day?
2/2 most need improving to determine their current needs, resources, obstacles, and successes? How can you improve what you don't know or even try to understand? @60Minutes  #educationreform #k12 #GetSocialMSULaw

We deserve a knowledgeable Secretary of Education.
Don’t make that just about rich white kids and let’s create a safe environment first. Start by quitting.
What our children deserve is education policy created by educators, not some billionaire dilettante with a silver spoon in her mouth...
Blah, blah, blah.  Talk is cheap.  Giving money to friends is corruption.  Find a new hobby.
Why are you not listening to us?  We are the action of the problems you are charged with repairing.  You don't care for education. You care about the role you are playing.
Perhaps, you need to challenge yourself and do better for our students... much better. Resigning would be best.
Wow that interview must have really hurt you.  You've been tweeting up a storm (Did Trump order you to do that) and no photo ops with school children.
That is a marvelous component to your plan of improvement 
So badly needed 
In our educational system!

Thank you @BetsyDeVosED 
Apparently you’ve never been to a school where teachers are creative & innovative without the right materials or with their own money. Get in touch with real PUBLIC school teachers & out of your ivory tower. 
Public schools are already doing this! Maybe if you intentionally visited some of the schools across the country, you would see some of the innovative, creative, rigorous lessons being taught.  Just an idea!
They sure do but the majority of our children are not getting that experience.
In case you missed all of the great replies to your picture earlier. Our teachers are already doing these things but you're ignoring them.
Does this look familiar? Students lined up in rows. A teacher in front of a blackboard. Sit down; don’t talk; eyes up front. Wait for the bell. Walk to the next class. Everything about our lives has moved beyond the…
Unless their parents aren't rich then you don't give a shit.
Cutting funding for public schools is definitely the best way to encourage that culture!
Our children deserve better than you.  You are completely unfit for the job, and you don’t have a clue about education!  You make me cringe!

They had that when they had recess 
And weren't getting test prep for tests
Our children deserve a qualified person. RESIGN
Provide specific examples and ideas how to accomplish this.  Buzz words are meaningless without further details.  Otherwise, seems like you’re just talking out of your ass.
Who writes this empty-headed crap? Is it u or the goonies who work for you?
You are the worst cabinet member - that’s saying something!
You are late to the bus! This is an ongoing process for EDUCATORS!
Our public schools provide this learning environment! The only thing that stifles it is the testing, which is federal law.
Then do away with Texas STAAR tests. Texas kids have been taught the same curriculum for years. Let teachers really teach and our kids learn about the world, along with Texas. Very little world history.
Then give us funding!
No govt funds for private schools!
And "christian." You want yo add that. Right? #Resign
You know what encourages creativity and innovation in schools? Well funded PUBLIC schools with the resources to innovate!
Engaging & empowering OUR CHILDREN on different FUN & ENTERTAINING fundamental levels WILL make AMERICA SUCCEED in MANY ways WE would never would ever imagine.  #maga #wecare #change @usedgov @BetsyDeVosED @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @POTUS
Teachers do what they can with their laughable income! We shouldn’t have to spend our own money supplying our classrooms, but we do it everyday. You want children to be more successful, stay off Twitter and do something to help all children, not just the kids with advantages!
The NAACP backs up its call for a moratorium on charter schools with something often missing in today's political environment - facts.
Looks as if the folks in the public relations shop have been recruited to write copy in the aftermath of the 60 Minutes debacle.
Betsy, I think you  are tweeting to the wrong crowd.  Maybe politicians will gobble that with a couple hundred millions in endorsement money.
I’ll happily write you a creative resignation letter! #FireDeVos
I wish you @BetsyDeVosED would visit some of the “failing” schools and then identify ways to improve based on teacher, staff, and student recommendations.
Blah blah blah
Just Resign
ONLINE Technology provided by top class universities  proved itself during last 10 years. Have top schools provide online degree programs at 80 % reduced price same as Georgia Tech.
Solution:
Convince 200 best colleges, 5 million enrollment;  to provide online degree programs same as f2f programs at 80 % reduced price ,  create a new 10 million high quality enrollment . Grads can find jobs , no Federal Loans
What a bunch of nonsensical jargon. You have absolutely no idea how education works or what students and teachers need. You sound more and more incompetent and out of touch everyday.

Our children also deserve school buildings that aren’t falling apart.
Blah blah blah
Maybe you should follow your own advise... just horrible, shameful 60 Minute interview!
Please stop talking.
the diverse children of the United States deserve an education secretary who can speak knowledgeably about the real issue of institutional bias in our school systems without dodging that question. 

Let's encourage a culture of expertise within our professions of leadership.
Resign now. You’ve embarrassed your administration again and again.
Lets not forget what causes this violent environment....Wrong Indoctrination in the Public School System; Removal of GOD, PRAYER, Discipline, Respect and Love for one another in the Public School System of Liberal Agendas, along with the removal of Parental Rights of discipline,
@BetsyDeVosED what is 1 thing you expect to accomplish within the next year? Everyone here would like to know your tactical goal/plan. #TBTV
How's that working in Michigan, where u took over the state? Plus, here's another reason why NOT 2 arm teachers. If u expect 2 repeat Michigan 4 all 50 states, u will kill education.
Public schools are already encouraging creativity and innovation. I invite you to visit my classroom to see for yourself.   It is an exciting place to learn!  #publicschoolproud
Are you going to do better?
Thoughts and prayers!
All students regardless of race, creed, gender, SES, ability deserve fully funded, locally controlled, democratically run public schools.
You're so stupid.
You might want to seek a decent education for yourself before trying to figure out how to provide one for all the students in US. The half-eaten squirrel my cat is eating right now has more brains than you.
You must ne trying to get in good with Trump with all this tweeting? You and Carson are too stupid to get fired.

Our children deserve a secretary that is qualified and didn’t buy her position in order to promote self-serving, for-profit education. #persistentstupid
RESIGN. THANKS.
Clearly you didn’t compose this tweet.
F U
You might be even less qualified for your job than the president is for his... At least he's set foot in a government building before (albeit a court house), whereas I'm doubting you'd recognize a school if it fell on top of you! #resign
So maybe you should be visiting the schools that are failing.  My thoughts you are scared to go to those schools.  You are so ill prepared
And how are you supporting our kids? You said that you don’t want to fund school buildings...? Idk. Your 60 Min. interview was hard to follow.
Resign
If you think this isn’t happening everyday, you clearly haven’t been visiting any classrooms. Teachers dedicate their own time, money, resources, and heart to ensure this happens on a daily basis. What do you do to encourage this?
Are you challenging yourself to do better? It didn’t look like that in your interview.
I tried to be funny earlier but, sadly, this is the problem with you.
Get lost. Your money not your knowledge put you in this position. I’m more qualified than you are
Ok.  So help me understand how this aligns with the testing madness?
Stop trying to substitute a series of Hallmark cards for the intelligence, experience, training, and common-sense that you completely lack to any degree at which you could minimally do this job that you and your brother purchased for you.

Please make sure public schools are in a (financial) place where they can do just that.
It would be nice if you really cared about all schools and all students. But we know that's not the case.
The only thing you create is helping keep kids abstinant by showing them your picture
If you had ever been in a public school classroom, you’d see that we already do that. You’re so incompetent.
Clown
Unqualified. Step down, you're killing the department. You'll have more time to visit your brother in prison, Oops
‘....and full of Jeebus and profit for my family!’
Do you write inspirational messages for calendars too?  Enough with platitudes- what do you suggest?
.@BetsyDeVosED We are doing the best we can to create learning environments that are agile, relevant, and exciting... using money out of our own pockets. See #morethanastockphoto to see more.
You could resign
Ok, cool. How about we start by paying public school teachers as the professionals they are?
You forgot to say *only in private schools
Agree, giving parents located near low performing schools funding & opportunities 2turn around hi risk into new creative learning winwin USA
Please stop with the empty platitudes. We all know you aren't up to the job.
It's meaningless
when YOU don't listen
2
#ParklandStrong students
+Teachers
who tell you exactly
what they need.

You kill creative culture
+stifle innovation
by
forcing your religion
on others.

@Devoss You don't even understand
what it MEANS
to be American.

@OversightDems
Caught your act on 60 minutes. Wasn't exactly a flattering interview. I see you had some time to put the tweet together, though. Much better. 
And sure, it cost your family a LOT of money, but please, 
...add yourself to list.
Leslie Stovall show who you really are and you are fake as they come and your brother and U will $$ dearly 4 all you have done 2 the American ppl  @sawsharee @just_old_joe @kellyz713 @PenelopePratts @PeterLarsen66 @layla_lsm @JohnLibert3 @MarilynCapps @mielewealth @jeebling GSTFH
Failed your course Betsy.
Encourage?  Not forceful enough if you want change.  Our schools are lost unless change happens soon.  The schools don't want change only $.
No VOUCHERS unless accept ALL and accepted as FULL payment otherwise just a stipend for super rich $50,000 a year Schools.
USC Professor Ciccariello-Maher: All I want for Christmas is white genocide.
Maybe it's time to make campuses great again?
Ohhh STOP the PR flowery BS! Your perception of the needs of children and education is totally off base.  Make the hard decision that can make a difference in all kids educational experience by having the courage to do the right thing by all students.  That is my challenge to you
YOUR ABSOLUTLY CORRECT, AND THOSE ENVIOREMENTS  DONT EXIST, AT THE COLLEGE LEVEL. , NOW CREEPING DOWN TO GRADE SCHOOL. HIGHLY DISCRIMINATE ACTIVITY BY LIBERAL ENCLAVE, OF P.C. TEACHERS AND PROFFESSORS. MUST FIX
Your words ring as hollow as your thoughts and intentions. The faster you're gone, the better for all of the children.
Sounds great!! This things are lacking in schools. The impression is that ALL funding is precarious, so many are afraid to make changes, which of course ends up costing more for a worse result in the long-term.
There is no order in classes. Kids on phones all class, violent to each other & teachers. Don’t speak same language. ITS A MESS!
My concern is that there has been a great stretch of silence until the recent events in Florida.  Where have you been in the months before?
Sitting on her ass doing nothing!
We have those. Come to a public school to see them.
What about a Safe Learning Environment With Teachers, Not Annie Oakley or Wild Bill !
Resign! Resign! Resign! Resign! Resign! Resign! Resign! Resign! Resign! Resign! Resign! Resign!
It would also help if the Secretary of Education knew what in the hell was going on.
Leads for @akgovbillwalker review work product of Alaska Commission on Postsecondary Ed. In #OneAlaska #Alaska state government host a single education major eligible for student loan forgiveness yet ACPE fails'm and other critical need majors.
You are an absolute dolt, go away.
