What are u doing 2 help the success of our students? U have no education background, so how can u tell sch districts, teachers, & others what action s/b taken? We don't want 2 pay 4 religious sch education; public schools r already underfunded.
Yes you are this stupid.
I seem to miss where the students are in these photos... Too bad you didn't visit one of our many diverse public schools while in Dallas!
Right?!  I was thinking the same thing!
Its beyond my understanding how they can trust, someone like you Betsy who is hellbent on destroying public education. Betsy you shameless shill I believe you're in dire need of a public education in economics and ethics.
Congrats, Betsy! You've successfully turned THOUSANDS of teachers away from the #GOP. Stellar work.  You 'playing' school hasn't served our children.  I don't want you serving my children.Please go back to the private sector.  You're harming our children.
You are the worst in history! Unqualified, your credentials are your bank account. Shame on you!
Our teachers are suffering!
Yea. Starving and collecting food stamps. Give me a break. Don’t want to teach?  Go home!!
Yes, let's leave your nation's kids severely undereducated thanks to @BetsyDeVosED's incompetence. That'll show America!
I see what you did here. The photos imply bridging the gap with minorities, but this is really about your 'religion in schools' agenda.

The good news is your might not have to write your own Stuttgarter Schuldbekenntnis if impeachment occurs before implementation.
This creature things teachers shouldn’t walk Out in Oklahoma. She wants them to serve the students. The students would best be served if she walked out

You your children and grandchildren never attended a public school,because you were the privileged ones. You never taught school or step foot in a classroom and have no clue how schools are run or how they operate. You paid a lot of money for that position.
#Betsyshouldresign

Come teach my class in Austin, Texas. I’ll go easy on your evaluation.
Betsy got her education out of a Cracker Jack box
Once again you are relying on other people, other professionals, to show you what to do to improve your schools… Give the jo b you bought to somebody who deserves it and can you do it properly
TRUTH
You don’t give two shits about minorities.
Please remember that you have ZERO experience that qualifies you for your job and everything you say to and about teachers is an insult! #goliveoffyourscamwaymoney
What do you even do, bro?
Are you sure honey this was in Dallas...lol
Hey Betsy, to have an idea how much  I have to save, how much you paid for your job?
Your mouth needs to switch into the closed position and stay there.
I am a mother and I will teach my child to vote against people like you. As will many other mother's because unlike you we love our children.
THANK YOU Ms DeVos for looking at all educational options to make our system the best for every student.  May your work be blessed and His protection and favor be with you.
Maybe of she was a real Christian she'd actually fund teachers so they don't have to work 3 or 4 different jobs as their schools literally fall apart around them. Maybe some schools will be able to re-afford heat for their classrooms if @BetsyDeVosED is feeling "Chrostian" enough
@BetsyDeVosED instead of talking out of your. Give teachers the money they deserve and students the needed materials books, computers, schools buildings. One thing is for sure in your case money does not make u smarter. Your such a waste, tell us again what do u do????
You have no clue about education. Why do you continue to robe our school districts of monies that they need to educate our children. You are a poor excuse for a parent and grandparent.
Wish you luck to make America smart again.
How? She's taking all the fund away from education and profiting off reducing regulations on for-profit schools.

So very "Christian" of her to take money away from the poor to give to the rich.
You’re a piece of shit
SERVE THE STUDENTS? How can You serve students when your books are outdated/falling apart, your chairs are broken, your ceiling leaks,You have no school supplies. What an assinine thing to say. But then again when the shoe fits #WorstEducationSecretaryEver
How come thoughts and prayers aren't educating children in schools? It's almost like teachers need funding to buy textbooks, school supplies, have a building that isn't one a step away from being demolished, chalkboards, chalk, heat, running water...you know. all those luxuries.
how dare you criticize OK teachers.theyre trying to help kids. Ur intent on ruining education for all but the rich. Resign!
#resign and #goaway
You don’t stand with Oklahoma teachers because you were born with a silver spoon in your mouth. You don’t understand. Worse yet, you lack the curiosity to want to try to understand. And that is a very bizarre trait for an education secretary.
maybe you should help teachers get paid more instead of them having to get second jobs
RESIGN!!!!
It would be a great time for 
YOU
To support the educators in Oklahoma!
84% of our public is

Churches that have formed groups are and are keeping kids

Parents who see the greed, corruption, and lies of school choice funds being stolen 

WE will win
We are organized
YOU GO GIRL!!! And, by that, I mean, resign and go away. Byeee.
Are any of their services after school programs bc your boss wants to see those federal dollars taken away!
@BetsyDeVosED Are you still Education Secretary? Really? You are unqualified and need to be fired! REALLY!
What qualifications do you have to determine if anyone is baking an impact on kids? Or is this just another venture you can make money on?
Do they sell Amway ?
Something Must Be Done About Prince Edward County: A Family, a Virginia Town, a Civil Rights Battle https://www.amazon.com/dp/0062268686/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_I3LYAbDCBBRRY … Betsy thinks this is an instruction manual for running ED.


You know NOTHING about education. You bought your job.
I don’t think you have a single supportive comment on anything you have posted. Btw you suck, just give up.
nobody wanted you there
You go girl. I was on teachers against Trump and can not seem to be able to comment. Probably because most people hear their whining and know they are spoiled. Nobody held a gun to their heads and made them be teachers. Teach or go home.
Wow. This is your country. These children need an education. They're not getting it when teachers are working 3 or 4 jobs just to make ends meet while EDUCATING YOUR CHILDREN.

Ironically, this is the best place to inform likeminded people! I am part of a strong union that has made sure we have a living wage, not above average, but we can survive on it. Let’s stand behind our brothers and sisters in Oklahoma #TEACHers

Meanwhile, your Federal Committee To Ignore Gun Violence In Schools had another epic week of ignoring gun violence in schools.
Gun violence in school is caused by lack of teaching. And teachers want a raise??!
#foundthebot
https://www.yahoo.com/gma/mueller-evidence-raising-questions-prince-testimony-meeting-russian-112404218--abc-news-topstories.html … bam! Hope he finds something on you too.
A lot of insights and opinions shared here.    We need the discussion to align around getting @BetsyDeVosED removed from this role.
Betsy, you are doing wonderfully in your valiant fight for our children's future. Public school system is BROKEN. It takes a brave patriot to roll their sleeves up and get to work. America LOVES you!
ED's mission is to promote student achievement and preparation for global competitiveness by fostering educational excellence and ensuring equal access. <-- Do you even know your own fucking mission statement? Start acting like it, twatwaffle.
F minus Betsy... did you go to school... at all?
Wow, your parents really must have been douchebags to spawn you and your brother. What a waste of humanity. Shame that someone with good character couldn’t have been born into all that money to do good in the world.
Half an Obummer trip to Hawaii!!
I think you're confusing "Trump" with "Obama" and "Hawaii" with "Mar-A-Lago".
Erik and Betsy’s parents failed miserably. Wasn’t Erik’s company accused of covering up rapes and murdering entire families to eliminate  witnesses? Now Erik runs around committing treason. Only someone as vile as donald trump would fool with these 2 spoiled brats.
Your crime family is almost as big as #TrumpCrimeFamily
(THREAD) Erik Prince—former business partner of Joseph Schmitz—was peddling fake Clinton emails via Steve Bannon's Breitbart 96 hours before Election Day. We just learned an hour ago that Schmitz spent the summer of 2016 peddling fake Clinton emails, too. http://www.breitbart.com/radio/2016/11/04/erik-prince-nypd-ready-make-arrests-weiner-case/ …
Resign, you are incompetent.
When are you GOING TO PAY OUR TEACHERS???

Looks like Mueller's got Betsy DeVos' brother, Erik Prince, on national security crimes and perjurin' himself before Congress.

The real irony for Betsy Devos is that our kids are gonna study about…
Question | #HOW important are the rights of #kids with #specialneeds?  I don’t go out often because the world got very small after being #physically assaulted but think of the #child that grows up #angry & #bitter & #enjoys #suffering of others. Very few know #HOW sad it can be!
REsign, please. Your entire goal is to dismantle public schools. You have no business being in charge of a gov't organisation that is charged with actually making public schools work. You're dumb and you're evil, which is an ugly combination.

Not only will you be recognized as the worst Sec of Education ever; but your criminal brother will also be seen for the scum he is in future history books.

An internal Education Department report shows that Secretary Betsy DeVos inquired about prosecuting employees who leaked information to news outlets. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2018/04/04/education-secretary-betsy-devos-asked-if-leakers-could-be-prosecuted-internal-report-shows/?utm_term=.5f2fcf026e1b&wpisrc=nl_daily202&wpmm=1 …
So you’re family is like the #TrumpCrimeFamily   Good to know.
This is big...Mueller has evidence contradicting Erik Prince’s testimony about Russia meeting. https://www.thedailybeast.com/mueller-has-evidence-contradicting-erik-princes-testimony-about-russia-meeting …
This is disappointing
Your brother is going to prison.
GOP is proposing a return to the Schoolmarm Era, when half of a teacher's compensation came as room and board in a student's house. Wouldn't it be fun to have Miss Kittle staying upstairs in your brother's old bedroom?
#CruellaDeVos  You need to be re-educated.
Why is it that racist Republican lawmakers are always posing with black people? Did you pay them to sit there?
Have you talked to your creepy, mercenary, blood money brother lately to see if he can give you any advice? He seems to profit mightily from his own "public service."
Oops!  Looks like we have a family of traitors!
Looks like you'll soon be able to get first-hand knowledge of educational opportunities given to prisoners. Your brother can report back to you, once he's locked up for the Seychelles incident. Too bad they can't lock you up for stupidity.
Family of thieves, liars & fraudsters. Your job in this family is to drain the dept of Ed of OUR tax dollars. Because it's never enough for Greedy Old Perverts. Plus, @gop loves the poorly educated.
You're a twisted vile criminal Betsy; vindictive & evil.
https://youtu.be/ZEWseO1w-Ns  | I have a question | Will you be able to support #students with #specialneeds when they aren't given a #classroom and #WHAT is the appropriate consequence for #leaders who can't make decisions that #support #everyone since that's my issue | that's IT #prt
#unqualified #swampwater that bribed her way into a seat she never earned.  Dishonoring the 1000s of Veterans that teach and continue to serve in the classroom. @realDonaldTrump #RethinkDeVos
She looks so awkward in every photo. What a waste of a position and taxpayer money. #unionproud #prepschoolproduct #publicachoolbeliever
Hey Betsy:
When are you going to visit some schools that are struggling.  Who’s picking your photo ops for you? This little “campaign” of yours is too little, too late.  You’ve had your thrill at trying to be important.  Resign!
Hey, DeVos.  Have you ever considered the fact that your country lies beyond the Rockies and Mississippi?
Aren’t u embarrassed yet by your performance
I really don’t want you deciding policy on my grandchildren’s education. Please resign.
Believe me, NOBODY LIKES YOU, YOU ARE NOT QUALIFIED TO HAVE ANY POSITION THAT DOESN'T HAVE THE PHRASE "WOULD YOU LIKE FRIES WITH THAT" SAID SEVERAL TIMES A DAY.
You’re a joke.
#Resign #resignNOW
Idiot.
Thank you for coming.
Pretty sure they hate you.
1 +1 = easy answer.                              1) you’re amazing.                                  2) right answer is 2. You should not be in charge of anything related to school changes or reform. You have no clue about education.
#resign
Go Away Betsy- but please do t come back to Michigan!!! Go hide on some island- Seychelles with your brother Eric and more Russians perhaps? #DumpDeVos #TrumpRussia #BitchBetsyDeVos #UnqualifiedAtPosition
You're an UNDER-qualified, poorly educated nothing with no business in the position you & your crooked brother bought for you. I hope you stay awake at nights wondering how Jesus will punish you.
Looking forward to helping all of these schools...
YES, SOMETHING YOU ARE INCAPABLE OF DOING.
@omarjahwar was it worth the photo op?
Glad there are people out there investing in students, no matter where they come from.
Please don't forget about the strong unionists who are also part of that positive influences and success supporters. You need to stop blaming us and start supporting us. For the kids sake.
My kids are doing just fine without unions. Those kids in Detroit (TheUsedToBe Motor City )that was destroyed by unions not so well.
This is empty nonsense. Most of what you are up to will hurt the underprivileged.
Pack up your office, Secretary Scamway. Your $200M ran out after your 60 minutes  interview. #Idiotti
Please resign.
In a really polite way, nice legs!
I just threw up a little. Raspberries the second time around are sour.
Wow. That's great!

By any chance did you guys discuss HR899? The bill to eliminate the Department of Education now with 12 co-sponsors.
Public school?
As usual the left shows their stripes. Keep up the good work Betsy, the smart money is on you.
One on Sheryl this is not left or right or human or bear...this is a matter of incompetence.
Beautiful 
We need sensible gun control
Which instructional strategies are most successful to address at-risk students? What are you reading these days — or ever — that address in-classroom issues? I understand “in” and “classroom” are two words you don’t normally like, of course.
Why ask these tough questions. They’re too much for her, she just needed a photo op... not to be useful. Leave poor Betsy alone!
Good point. I wouldn’t want her to shatter.
Dump DeVos for she is DeVorst!
When you get a chance, go visit Newton, MA. They teach sharia law- thought we took faith out the classroom. 
Perhaps visit a school?  Or resign, that would be good too.
Please define “school climate.”
Those are too big words for her to understand just like her dumb as a bag of rocks boss @realDonaldTrump and most of the @GOP.
I’ve never seen a human look out of place in EVERY situation he or she is ever in — until you.
20 bucks says 15 min after you left EVERYONE was like               wtf
EFF off.
Anyone ever consider rural kids? Bet there are a bunch nobody cares about...
Nah we grizzly bears care but @BetsyDeVosED wants to shoot us soon as we come around.
That man on the left is us all, as you stage your usual photo op
Go away Blackwater.
Have you ventured yet into an underperforming school where they lack these sort of influences to see how you might help, or is that too icky for you?
You need to #resign

