.@BetsyDeVosED: "We have to be focused on what’s right for students, not what’s right for systems or buildings." http://bit.ly/2EGdN7n  
We have been doing that. But you wouldn’t know that because you are ignorant and completely unqualified. You continue to be an insult to those of us who are real educators. #resign
you know we dont need to think “student centered” is something new, right? J Dewey wrote about it and practiced this 100 years ago.
John Dewey was also a socialist. Your point?
This is super weird.  my point?  the SOE said we should start Student Centered Ed. This is not new.  Why the heck would saying he was also a socialist relevant???
The point is socialists are a “government first” sect. So for a socialist to say that anything other than the government comes first should by default not be trusted. Today’s education system is, as you pointed out, rooted in Dewey socialism. That’s the problem.
To be fair, capitalism (especially in education) is hardly an egalitarian endeavor.
Way to be vague. Another tweet with no meaning. Other than making sure the coffee is good and hot have these meetings and travels netted any ideas that will become policy? If the answer is no just twt. still talking and traveling. and talk is cheap
Teachers ALREADY have a student centered approach to education. THAT'S WHY WE BECAME TEACHERS! #canttellteacherswhattodowithnoclassroomexperience #dumpdevos
Because that “classroom experience” you all have is really paying dividends. Need I remind you we were 26th in the latest PISA ranking, up from 29th. Who are you kidding?
I would take her advice seriously if she had spent any time in any aspect of running a school. Unless you do it for a living, you have no clue what severe problems there are, most of which are caused because the people making the laws don't know how education works
Laws don’t fix education. Parents do.
Agree no more indoctrination through history
Free our children from indoctrination. Get back to basics.
Coming up: Betsy works to show that the sun rises in the morning.
#StudentOutcomes steadily decline until FAMILY is set right again.
Money, buildings, SJW's will continue to FAIL our CHILDREN.

#WeNeedOurDads:
#fatherlessness wrecks students' outcomes!

#WatchDOGS
#SchoolDiscipline

#FamilyLaw #ChildCustody

#RaisedRIGHT
Oh Betsy, you wouldn't know or care what is best for the children in this country. Please for God's sake RESIGN.
What? Who's arguing about buildings? Have you visited the kids in Oklahoma yet? What do you plan to do about their schools?
One glimpse inside these decrepit Oklahoma schools explains exactly why teachers are on strike 
The U.S. spends on average $11,500 per child on education, the 3rd most of any nation on Earth.  You have to ask where the money is going because it obviously is not being spent efficiently.  The Sec. of Ed. Has very little power, localities decide how the money is spent.
Yet we pay for her to fly around the country for photo opts to push her FAILED charter school Blackwater pay for play educational ideology. She's unqualified.  Just because she has money doesn't make her qualified. Get real lol
Arne Duncan, Obama’s Sec. of Ed., was a pro basketball player whose childhood friend John Rogers hired him into the Chicago schools administration.  Never taught a class, not a teacher, promoted Charter schools. Don’t recall you calling him unqualified and wanting him to resign.
Actually, I did. Next.
Good, then I think we can agree on something. PISA Ed rankings had US #2 in 1979 when Dept. of Ed established.  2015 we were 38th in math, 26th in science, 3rd in $/child spending. Fed. Dept.of Ed. is a complete failure. Eliminate it, save $67B/yr., focus on local school boards.
What’s right for the students is you resigning immediately. Please do it.
What is going on Betsy? I find this totally absurd.....
Once again #CluelessBetsy says something completely asinine and thinks she’s a scholar! #DumpDeVos
So Miss Betsy, will you be coming to NYC? Since you "earned" your job, u have not stepped foot in NY and I think that's disgraceful. I even mentioned that to you once or twice . This #PublicSchoolProud & #UnionProud special education teacher STILL #InviteDeVos to NYC. Do ur job!!
Where are my vouchers?
What do you mean by 'student-centered approach'?

What has your research suggested regarding how to empower teachers?

You mention in the interview, 'billions and billions' spent on education. What portion of this investment has gone directly to providing service to students?
Her point is that what we call “student centered” is actually “adult centered” (ie What’s easiest for the adult vs. best for the child). Empowering teachers starts with having administrators who are appointed vs elected (less temptation to give #fakegrades).
Go to the poorest and most Underperforming schools if you really care about the American education system and fixing it
And you STILL are trying to take money away from Parents, Students and Educators...
To improve schools we need 1. Smaller classes 2. More counselors/social support staff 3. Administrators that are held accountable to more than test scores 4. You to #Resign #PublicSchoolProud
Counselors and “Social Support” that’s beginning of the “Dumbing Down” of our kids. Just give them drugs #BigPharma profits, our kids suffer.
And I am advocating for students of varying wealth, of different races, of different religions, of different genders.  Your plan does not work.  Look at the disaster in your home state that YOU pushed.  Public education works.  Don't buy into these lies.
Please help our kids, we need to stop dumbing them down our kids at multiple levels. Fix our text books. @realDonaldTrump

Education IS student-centered. But of course you wouldn't know that, being that you literally know NOTHING about education.
You have no clue. Teachers having to work more than one job to provide for their family, not dated material to use, not of date technology, having to use their own money for supplies in their classrooms, do I need to go on. You bought your position & have no experience.
NOBODY LIKES YOU OR WHAT YOU HAVE DONE FOR OUR EDUCATION SYSTEM
Ma’am, have you revisited the curriculum instituted by the previous administration? Welcoming schools is trying to indoctrinate our children. I’m asking you to kill this program and remove it from our schools.
Please make sure we change back all the history books that were radically changed during Obama Adm.  Now some schools are teaching fully on line can we make sure they are historically & factuality accurate!
@BetsyDeVosED Can you even define student-centered approaches and give examples?
Where’re we w/ issue of SchoolVouchers?-That’s been a huge issue 4me-PublicSchool’s Teacher’sUnions are seriously in need of competition-Also, eligibility for school Vouchers should consider costs of living in various cities-Higher incomes in 1 city is a low income in big cities.
So Miss Betsy, when will you be touring NYC? For month I have #InviteDeVos & nobody has heard from you. I'm sure there would be MANY parents, students, & educators that would love to share some words with you here. #PublicSchoolProud
As I understand, most kids can't read analog clocks. UK going digital. I saw EDWOSB USA made clocks at NAB that do both for school @masterclock.
Why haven't you visited any public schools lately?
Come to Colorado @BetsyDeVosED, I would LOVE to meet with you, as a parent, as a recent college graduate and a teacher, I have much to tell you about what I have to say about students in my classroom. I have much to tell you about the job you aren't doing. Come meet me!
Please resign and save us more humiliation
Betsy please stop the new history book that is trying to indoctrinate our kids int thinking our President is not mentally fit no more erasing history
#StormyDaniels #60MinutesInterview #ComeyInterview #TheResistance #TrumpRussia #TrumpColluded
You and your disgusting violent criminal brother #ErikPrince would be smart to just go back to wherever the hell you came from. Both of you are going to wind up in a federal correction facility when @realDonaldTrump finds out his days as @potus are OVER and thats not too far off

show a real impact and QUIT ... you are AWFUL AT YOUR JOB
Who, or what schools, have you visited?
Look at this !!! Why??? This needs to stop !! They are teaching our kids to hate conservatives and our President!!!
Do away with common core and state standardized tests
tweet when you meet with a public school teacher in the inner city
Betsy needs to go back to her family  compound and sharpen some pencils, since everything she proposes is straight from the Stepford wives' manual.

Omg, you really are in over ur head. Quit! Now!!!

BIG MONEY: KOCH bros super PAC raised $7m in Q1 — $5m of which came from only 5 donors, including $2m from North Dakota industrialist Mary Alice Bergan & $1m each from Dick DeVos, Jerry Hayden & Arkansas poultry magnate Ronnie Cameron, per new @fec report. …
And tell me why out teachers are underpaid and the infrastructure is falling apart
You only go to well off schools. Go where we have problems. You are doing a terrible job.
A.
I hate seeing her tweets. She knows nothing about what goes on in a classroom or school. She just says things that sound good.

Teacher accountability through observations has increased significantly. We see the results as you have reported.
It is not simply a matter of advocating throwing money at the problem. Over the past several years the steps to the top over the pay scale for a teacher have gone from 10 steps or 10 years and now 25 steps. Teachers now pay health insurance. Pension Plan contributions are up.
Please tell us about how you are raising ACT and SAT scores! How is that going?
.I'm a teacher. I know what's right for our students. It isn't you. You should NEVER have been appointed and if you really want to better our nation's youth, you'd have taken your "donation" and done something useful with it other than buying your job.

#Resign
Here I am an educator with a very specific problem that a lot of people have. I just want to see where I can be heard. Please email me rutnkc@yahoo.com
Thank you. E too.
I hope the team is getting plenty of rest. You guys ARE making an impact.
That is going on at public schools all over the country. STOP trying to make that a voucher school exclusive!!!
Do away with COMMON CORE and standardized tests@
When you were visiting TX last week, some of us waited outside for you to read our signs w/ our concerns. Alas, your caravan snuck away avoiding us. my sign: FAPE. Plz look it up. Are you also mtg w/ Spec Ed staff & parents, hearing concerns?

Makes me literally question the extent to which  @BetsyDeVosED has any idea of what she is saying.  Buzz words constantly come out of her mouth, but have no obvious substantive basis, much like the person who appointed her. https://dailysign.al/2v8OgnT  via @RobertBluey @DailySignal
@MeridenK12  our focus is always our students. “Here Students Succeed” @AFTCT @AFTunion

I always suspected the problem with PUBLIC SCHOOLS was the TEACHERS . Thanks, Glenn !  #SATURDAYMORNING @BetsyDeVosED https://twitter.com/GlennMorrisUSA/status/985184862553419777 …
Little Betsy with the silver spoon, private education & enough money to buy her a position she doesn't deserve. GET OUT OF EDUCATION!!!
R u traveling around the country or just sending out your peons? I'm sure being around "poor" people & their kids is really hard for u!
I'm sure when this rich b**ch visits public schools she has a hard time hiding her disgust at being around "common folk".
Resign, you haven’t even visited a single school in distress.
Hey I can make that statement simple “shut down public education”
So you are going to get rid of the 300 standardized tests ?
http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLo0xr0_u80gKxO4AZVCXvgeyrC9_iSJvh … • please retweet since getting the attention of government has been a nightmare & why it’s kind of the point.  How to hold them accountable?!?! • talking about emotions with past (epic 1) so less triggering. #school #oppression is taking away #future
And your point is??
Except you don't bother to meet with students and educators (unless carefully screened). What a sad excuse you are as human being. I hope you get kicked out of your bubble of entitlement someday.
As you travel the country on a photo op tour taking pictures with people you care nothing about
Try visiting a Title 1 school where kids don't even have their basic needs met, live with daily trauma and  find it impossible to concentrate on school work when they are worried where they are going to sleep that night!  What are you doing for those kids!
How innovative.  Don’t forget to stop at the schools with poor kids.
You have a very difficult job  Bring faith based opportunities back so our children can again reach excellence
You do know that students...wait for it...spend their days inside the buildings? And that as a result, decrepit and not-up-to-code buildings, such as those lacking appropriate climate-control, disrupt and prevent learning?
This seems to be code words in education today for stop complaining and do what your told. “What’s best for students” gets used very selectively as a way to get teachers to comply. Don’t insult our professionalism. We didn’t enter this job for selfish reasons
Student center is great: SOMETIMES. But sometimes other instructional methods are required. You’d quit spouting buzz words if you knew anything about education. #Unqualified
You are what’s not right for our children.  Stop trying to change the public school system to private.  Your rich friends will be just fine.
What the hell does that mean? Have you been in a classroom with one teacher and 36 students?
Almost every teacher I know already takes “student-centered approaches.”  That’s why they’re teachers. 
Come visit my district and we’ll show you how public education is the answer, not the adversary.
"Student centered" is a phrase used to disguise the privatization of education.
Get politics out of schools @BetsyDeVosED 

There was no vote for "The Frankfurt School" 
 indoctrination that parents have signed. We r USA! 

Reinstitute the pledge of allegiance & arrest any teacher pushing their socialist/marxist agenda.

Be Proud to be an American, or leave
How are you “showing” anyone anything about education? You have zero experience and zero understanding of the subject. You removed any doubt of that during your “60 Minutes” debacle. Why don’t YOU try learning instead of driving public education off a cliff?
Exactly where have you taught? You are so out of touch with real education. How do you possibly relate to these children. How did you get your post? Gee cause you’re really rich and talented. Well half of that is true!
Would you suggest a private tell a general what to do?
Resign Betty!
This might be one of the emptiest, most vacuous things I’ve ever heard. Please identify some schools that aren’t working from a student centered approach to education
It's about time we heard from you and your office
You should have a teacher proof-read your tweets.
#Resign
Do all the #students #parents and #teachers a favor.  #Resign.
Need to get rid of the "Humanist Manifesto" being taught & IDOCTRINATING the young!
You are deplorable

OUR CONSTITUTION DOES NOT ALLOW FOR TEACHING CHRISTIANITY IN OUR PUBLIC GOVT SCHOOLS!!!!  no matter how much money you have!!
What would you know about it?!??
Betsy ,you have a hard job since you took this position.I like what your doing with the DepthOf education it needs a lot of changes .
What’s right for the Students is for you to RESIGN!
All teachers need to study and meet standards in order to receive their license.  They have to prove themselves time and time again. And you come along with no formal education. Never once taught a lesson, knowing absolutely nothing. And you’re in charge of it all.  Go figure.
Hey Bets, you can’t see that students need a positive learning environment to achieve the most favorable results? All these things need to be addressed.  How do you come up with this shit?  Resign, so we can get someone who knows, what the hell they are doing.
I see student centered education everyday, stop hating us
What you need to focus is in being more prepare for an interview
Busy news day. You get a pass.
I love it when the rich lady that bought her job title tells poor teachers fighting for their communities about “real opportunities to impact education.” THAT’S WHAT THEY’RE DOING IDIOT.
What janky bullcaca site is this @DailySignal anyway? Nice primping of your wingnuttery on an official government feed.
Stay away from Washington State billionaire Betty
What people have you met that you haven’t already vetted? I mean come on you couldn’t hold your own in a real debate, meeting, or conversation.
Until we start allowing bullies and constantly disruptive students to be expelled permanently, all other solutions are a waste of time and money.  Parents should be held accountable for the actions of their children.
Even Grizzly Bears know you are full of shit @BetsyDeVosED   GO AWAY!!!
Read. A. Book.

#BitchBetsyDeVos is as phony as they come... Go back to making Soap at Amway, and leave our kids alone!!!
So.....let’s just let charter schools that are beholden to no one, who change grades to a higher grade and who prepare kids to achieve on the ACT but not necessarily in college? Great plan De-Vos
So I’m guessing you are you to defund public schools to enrich your charter school owning friends
Go away.
Who are you trying to fool? You are what is wrong with public education.
Can we advocate for a new Secretary of Education?
We Thought you were going to get Rid of Common Core in Charter schools
Our public school system is critical to our democracy. That is your job. “Student-centered approaches” reside w the individual. We have gladly paid taxes while funding our daughter’s all girls’ Catholic education.  Private school is a luxury.
Funny, you tout national scores in another tweet, but are interested in local control and student-centered teaching. Methinks you don’t know where you stand
I'm pleasantly surprised you can spell opportunity, working, and the.
Well if we truly want to focus on students, learning and increasing academic outcomes we should get a secretary of education that is an educated educator. Not someone that bought their position.
Please leave. You are what’s wrong with education.
.@AP .@edweekcomm STUDY Significantly MORE SCHOOL SHOOTING DEATHS in STATES ALLOWING SCHOOL CORPORAL PUNISHMENT 7states=80% #CorporalPunishment LINKED TO MENTAL ISSUES MS, TX, AL, AR, GA, TN,OK #SpareTheRod #TNSB2330 #StopSchoolViolenceAct #MeTooK12 #HR160
Hey I'm an educator and I have a real question for you about student loans. Email me rutnkc@yahoo.com
Then time you put your efforts toward Public Schools that MUST take ALL students / Teacher here with 36 yrs in
@BetsyDeVosED LIAR
You want to take all the federal dollars for education & redistribute them to the very wealthy!
.@BetsyDeVosED How can we sign up for you to visit our schools and classrooms? I’d love to show you the magic happening in our public school. #WEareLakota
Please Betssy . Tear down  this wall of ignorance . Were our kids are trap in the other side and we as parents  can not reach them. Their future  our hope is divided  by that wall.
Student centered: adj. doublespeak for “profit centered” (often used by charlatans who have no idea what they are talking about) see also “monetize”
Are you meeting with all socio-economic classes of parents, students, and educators? Are you expecting them to come to you, or are you going to them? Please tell me you're not just meeting with your rich buddies and laughing at the state of education.
Then you’ve made the right decision to get rid of high-stakes testing.  That is thinking of the students.
IN OREGON, IT IS JUST THE OPPOSITE !!!
Keep up the good work Betsy!
Get rid of assessments and Common Core!
Free CHILDREN from the death grip of PUBLIC SCHOOLS not bringing their A game! We used to do more w/less until greed came in to rob the students in order ingratiate the educrats that view public tax dollars as a well of wealth for themselves. End the PUBLIC SCHOOL MONOPOLY!
You are just o e arm of this treasonous administration. You are unqualified and a disgrace to any position you paid for.
You don’t have a clue !
Delete your account
Reading, Writing, History and Math, Eliminating Sexual Perversion Education!
Omg. Where do you go to school? Hookers-r-Us?
Teachers in Chicago were (working) when they were given the Rosa Parks Syndrome. Get Up! Give up your jobs for younger Americans. How many of the unemployed teachers did the Dept of Education hire and put "Veteran Teachers" back to work?
"Travel the country" =\= going to underperforming schools
America hates you.
Not sure which smirk face I hate more DeVos or Ryan! trumpy is a given!

#afterschool works.  
Please resign. Most Americans are fed up with your unqualfied nonsense.
resign. you have no competency to lead the org you bought your way into.
#novouchdevos
Without a building or a system you have no public education. Learning should not be in a building 100% of the time but we need one to protect us from the elements. The system in the department of education is broken and @BetsyDeVosED is not the person to fix it or have any input.
We appreciate you but schools inviting Muslim shieks that say death to jews is unacceptable. America isn’t great when shit like this is allowed
Where did this happen???
You would think someone who is allegedly heading up the nation's public education system would actually take the time to read her twitter responses...
I know there is a lot of trash responds in this tweet. But as we all know what we do with the trash when it stinks you just get rid of it.  So keep up the good work Making our kids Smart again. Making our schools succeed again. And #MAGA with @realDonaldTrump
You unfortunately are showing the real effects you can cause to the system.  You don’t trust public educators.  And if it was up to you, you would privatize every school and you would make millions of $$$.
I support your efforts to fix/improve the broken education “system”.. It’s a mess!!!  It’s not about “education” it’s about “indoctrination today..Kids “graduate” (a laugher).. but know nothing and cannot think critically..or decipher right from wrong because relativism permeates
Maybe where you live,  but our schools are ranked number 1 and our students are incredible!
WHO is doing the ranking?  The schools? Our schools are rated exceptional too... you talk to the kids and they are very sociable.. communicative etc..BUT ASK THEM ABOUT SUBJECT MATTER..science.. math.. English.. US history..Politics..religion..ethics...world history..LAW..NADA
this is a joke... right.....
You do know that your mandate is to advocate for all kids, right? Not just the rich, white Christian kids of the christaliban. You know that, right?
I have a child with Autism and he has Dyslexia, Dysgraphia.  He needs to be at a school in Bham AL.  I have had 2 lawyers he's reading but not great can't do math HELP ME
No one believes that you actually talk to students or teachers. 
You are such an embarrassment
A student-centered approach requires an understanding that each student is a member of a unique culture & community. Without support of public, community schools, you do NOT support a student-centered approach & you  fail many, many of our children.
What is the stance of your department on HR 2902?
Travel to another country and stay there please
Your an IDIIOT!
STFU you bought and paid for POS
Maybe you should start with Texas.  Whole state curriculum adoption is definitely not student centered.
You are a drag on student well being. Please go.
Maybe you should read your own tweets. Working for students isn’t what you’re doing. 

Money lenders first.
Double talked for charter schools and ignoring inner city schools
When you say “Travel the Country”,... you mean you ventured further than a 10 mile radius from your house?

Mind Blown 
Please quit you are destroying education #BlueWave2018 #DumpTheGOP #DumpBetsy
You don't know our struggles as students. You come from money. You have never attended public school. You are a worthless education secretary. You must resign. Your resignation would be in the best interests of students.
The Secretary of Education so misunderstands the education debate that she believes people who disagree with her are concerned primarily about buildings. Such ignorance is consistent with her demonstrated inability to improve educational outcomes in our country. #DropDeVos
I'm not a teacher, but I know enough to know that if schools don't engage All PARENTS, that students will slip through the cracks. Do what you can to engage ALL, ALL, ALL, ALL, parents!!!
Gah! Are you still cosplaying the role of an education expert?  I thought  you had been voted off the Trump reality show by now.

What is greedy, is you trying to privatize schools, like your brother privatized security. Look at how that worked out. Many good soldiers dead, as Blackwater committed atrocities and sullied America's name. How much money do you get, each time you sell another charter school?
Worked so well in your home state of Michigan, right?
http://mobile.edweek.org/c.jsp?cid=25920011&item=http%3A%2F%2Fapi.edweek.org%2Fv1%2Fblogs%2F129%2F%3Fuuid%3D64185 …

