meeting their needs, I agree, not the school districts, or the personnel but the STUDENTS .
Ill leave the productive and respectful comments to you ladies. Just looking at her makes me so ANGRY
#DeVosRESIGN At least Congress was smart enough to IGNORE all of your budget requests.  You need to get out of the way and let the Professionals do their job.  #Resign
Serving students by funneling money to charters?  Hmmmmm.....
Please do your civic duty and resign, you know absolutely nothing about education or what the word budget means.  It might be best to just stop tweeting while you TRANSition back to your former life.
The teachers unions clearly know about budgets. In Nv the cost per child is 2nd only to Ca and-have  the worst outcomes. superintendent annual sal over 250k, car, benefits and pers.  teachers get a fraction.  The problem is the teachers union funneling $To top adm NOT Teachers.
Taking money away and redirecting funding makes HUGE federal footprint. There will always be federal footprint as long as there are federal dollars. Just because you say “less federal interference” doesn’t make it so. Use funding to promote best and brightest to teach,
...build effectiveness of teachers, reduce class size, add tech and infrastructure, increase vocational programs, support grandparent families, increase research educating drug endangered children and other neurological disorders, conditions of school buildings,...
Community resources to meet student needs and support enrichment and gifted students. Privatizing only helps a few.  Children don’t ask to be born with or into challenges. They ALL deserve the best education. MrsD, please create teams of those in the field as your advisory teams
Betsy learned to spell budget. Can we learn to spell prison for her mercenary brother?
liar
Federal imprint is needed in our schools. There must be guidelines and accountability in the education of our children. Public schools provide that for all and must be maintained.
This administration is committed to ruining public schools. Period. #resign
Lots of nice buzzwords.  You are ill-prepared & ill-informed for this position. Quit taking educational opportunities away from disadvantaged children.  Educate yourself!  Visit failing schools.
What are you doing about testing requirements?  With all due respect there were very few educators in my state who supported your appointment, and many of us contacted our representatives, yet they still approved you.  What happened @johnthune @SenatorRounds ?
Cronyism and graft of the worst kind is what placed DeVos in her position, but I hear she thinks God put her there to do HIS work. Too bad she does not think God’s work is giving all children the best education this country can afford.
You are so right - she took a job away from a career person who really worked hard in education - because she donated millions she thinks she gets to start at the TOP? I would be ashamed to do so -these people they know their money buys anything they want.
Those closet to the districts would be the local school board, not the state.
Resign
Just admit it. You're in over your head. You have no idea what you are doing and only verbal diarrhea comes out of your mouth. Please, just #Resign
Our students and parents already have to much power and that is why our kids are out of control. They know that short of physically harming someone they can do what they want. Teachers need to be incontrol not the parents and certainly not the students.
HOW.
DARE.
YOU.
I challenge you @BetsyDeVosED to spend a week in the trenches of a Title I school and then tell us the funding is adequate and fair!  We need more not less!
I second that challenge and raise you one: make that the Detroit Public Schools Kindergarten class with 38 kids featured on the news recently. Spend one week observing, and then tell us whether you still think you are doing the right thing by those babies.
There's one kindergarten teacher, 38 students in this Detroit class http://on.freep.com/2of4Mgc  via @freep
Lies lies lies from Betsy DeMoneyBags.
GET FED OUT OF ED #REPEALESSA #RESTOREFERPA stop dictating education policies it is the state and local communities job @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
LEAVE
Returning power to the States in regard to education is a bold move- is this the ultimate goal?
What will be the goal for early childhood education? 
How will the Federal Government allow the States to obtain additional funding for education?
Quit trying to sell this pile of garbage
I love it! Thank you for caring so deeply for the success of ALL students!
Nope!  But that's fine cause her entire draconian budget was given the boot!
What are you up to. What happened to private school vouchers and real change in the socialist school system that teaches socialism. Have you  been assimilated?
you're full of shit.
Resign!
Trash
YES OR NO questions are even difficult for you. What a complete embarrassment! We do NOT feel confident in your ability to even lead a dog!
You can serve students and meet their needs by resigning.
More lies from an ignorant women with no clue about education!  The point of your budget is destroy public education to keep voters uneducated & therefore willing to vote for Trump!
Must be nice to have so much money and not care about how to do your job right.  You're ruining lives with not a care in the world.  Why are you even here ? Do everyone in the US a favor and just leave us, please.
You have to actually visit public schools to know their needs. Done that yet?
Please resign. Please go away. Leave now when you still can go with dignity. Go.
By bankrupting public schools and enriching your friends that run private schools?
Fancy way to say you want to privatize education so a few can make money off the impoverishment of our children’s education.

Quit, dummy.
You’re American. And a rich one at that. Don’t pretend to not know how to solve any problem here. Throw money at it. Best schools are usually the best funded. Do t cut education budgets expand them. INVEST in your future. I know you know about investments!!

-servers at Trump Tower, Alfa Bank, Silicon Valley Bank, and Spectrum Health (owned by the DeVos family) were all in communication with each other and were the target of a FISA application in October of 2016
http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/cover_story/2016/10/was_a_server_registered_to_the_trump_organization_communicating_with_russia.html …
Resign.
This is you Betsy
Yeah, state's rights up until it affects things like student loans. If the DOE is basically unnecessary, leave & go back to hustling Amway
https://youtu.be/8R4nVpr2plU  #racistdevos #dumpdevos #cruelladevos
Like you did in Michigan? Unqualified and uneducated!
Just resign
So let it be written, so let it be done

Nope!

Have you WATCHED yourself on 60 Minutes?  You haven’t a CLUE about what children need!
Corrupt corrupt corrupt
How about those under performing schools that you have “intentionally not visited”? How is that doing your job? You are a disgusting, disgraceful, unethical, and immoral excuse for a human being.
LIES!
Who wrote that for ya?
Yeah, you keep telling yourself that.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10215850729449555&id=1484984423 …
you should watch this video about schools and how they can be better
A SAD JOKE!
Are you still here?
https://www.nbcnews.com/video/at-house-hearing-devos-skirts-around-gun-violence-question-1190504003887 … You're so dumb.
Thank you!

#RethinkDeVos unqualified and bribed her way into a seat she never earned and doesn't belong in. Completely those of us that served and earned where we are.
@realDonaldTrump
Hey Betsy, I have over 150K in student debt.  I've been relying on the PSLF program.  I know you've never dealt with student loans, but we're relying on this program.  Please don't leave us out of your focus.
And don’t know how you sleep at night. smh
Huh? Could you clarify this statement?
Yet ANOTHER word salad served up by someone UNQUALIFIED to be Dog Catcher, let alone Sec. Of Ed...
Like letting preditory lenders run roughshod over borrowers? Like letting scam schools like Trump University steal from the unsuspecting?
Like letting for-profit charter schools double dip and fudge enrollment to steal tax dollars....like they do in Michigan?
Will you protect fed funding for after school programs?
#LIAR

yes the budget is more streamlined but it is still very top heavy with very little of the money being spent in the classroom
Everything that you do decimates opportunities for children to learn and grow into productive citizens, and limits higher education opportunities- what you've done to education in Michigan alone deserves an orange outfit and a cell.
Unless those resources go to arming teachers right?
Then you're more than happy to chip in? 
Pathetic.
Ur an idiot
You are out of your mind,  too. You are participating in the dismantling of our country.  #resign
The federal government provides protection for the civil rights of children. This is a federal responsibility. What about children with special needs who need protection of their rights to attend school? These are rights of all children, not decided state by state. Protect them!
Translation: We want to destroy public education and privatize it so that people like me can make more money
Any budget that doesn’t begin with increasing teachers’ pay to be commensurate with other professions requiring advanced degrees is a waste of time.

But yes focus on outcomes and better options!  Kids w disabilities denied, denied, denied bc of state and local hoarding for other kids, sports
Oh please not all local control!  That’s dangerous!!! Without federal oversight we’ll have SD style garbage for kids w disabilities!
‘....and making my family a shitload of cash!’
I know this may be difficult but what does serving the needs of students look like?  You constantly speak in generalities and talking points but never give a specific direction or plan.
She has no idea because she isn't an educator. #ShameOnYouBetsy
Resign today.
They NEED you to resign.
They NEED to be safe and not shot at while in school!  That's what they need you incompetent Dotard. Money may be able to buy you a position but it can't buy you the brains to do it.
This budget decimates crucial programs that aid students & teachers. It’s a product of a political donor who only wants to enrich herself. You’re CLUELESS.
Do you even care that the entire country knows you are a fraud and hates what you are trying to do to public education?

Is this the true goal of the @GOP ? Pander to Evangelicals and foster a poorly-educated population???
@BetsyDeVosED she doesn’t want low income #minority children to rise out of #poverty. This budget and her performance proves it. #ResignNOW
less is more- 1984
Hopefully much of the money is going to infrastructure repairs of existing failing school facilities.
You’re a disgrace for education.
Absolutely #clueless She can’t even answer who makes decisions in the department....SHE RUNS!!!!
Pushing for privatization (or semi-privatization) of public schools is not 'reducing the federal footprint in education'
Does "reducing the federal footprint" mean taking money out of public schools?
The lions share of the Department of Education's administration comes from student loans. Please address this national disgrace.
The "footprint" of the DoE is funding for Special Education students - of course you're going to attack the vulnerable, it's what tRump and all of you do.
Thank you Betsy.... keep pushing
Like Michigan schools?
Thank God!
That “federal footprint” includes civil rights protections and assistance to special education populations.  
I’d prefer that footprint to grow, not dwindle. Unfortunately, we’ve learned that too often the folks closest skip paying attention to some things that require attention.
Even methods with expressed intentions do not always do what they say they will do. Some are in it for the money.


That's worked well in your home state has it?  The numbers seem to suggest otherwise but maybe if you hold classes outside, since the necessity of school buildings seems to elude you, that'll help.


States don’t have the answer (resources or desire) and you know that.
Did you visit one of those "underperforming" schools before releasing this monstrosity or just check your bank account?

Bullshit.



You are unqualified for the position that you bought for $200 million in GOP campaign contributions. You are only there for the perks & personal gain. Please explain about the 2 student loan companies you still own? Your brother is a traitor & you are more like him than u admit!
It's disgusting how you literally have no idea what you're talking about. Your charter schools are failures and so are you.
One school shooting today and another at NJ campus currently. You need to step TF down! You are killing kids, NOT helping them! #FireDeVos
I can't find anything about the shooting in NJ. Do you have a link? (Not trying to troll--genuinely concerned)
@SRuhle is posting about it currently
Thank you!
Your future 
Yet another school shooting on your watch!
What are your thoughts on NAACP moratorium on charter schools? Why haven't you closed Islamic cult Gulens charter schools
"My family will make billions!!"

Did I put my quotes in the correct place, @BetsyDeVosED ?

Too bad student needs are not being met equally. States need more money for education so they can give school districts the proper funding. Instead disparities are becoming even more noticeable and some districts are forced to cut resources.
With its schools struggling, Brockton considers suing the state. http://bos.gl/AN1R4Te  

Eat mouse droppings.


Please explain how?
Really? Because it seems to me that ending student loan forgiveness programs is NOT something that is helping to improve opportunities and outcomes for all students. Instead you're crippling generations of Americans with debt and returning power to yourself and your cronies.
American's can't take seriously a  that bankrolled a cabinet position and conducts her day doing photo ops!
Your only mission is to destroy public schools while padding your pockets in the process. #resign
Any word on the school shooting today in Maryland? Any chance you'll give something other than "thoughts and prayers" to the students there?
She's going to make sure that they have fewer resources if they aren't white. Does that count?
