Unfathomably you believe your Snake Oil scheme will result in Public schools improving w/LESS MONEY!! The capper is you defend your stunningly flawed theory w/stats illustrating the OPPOSITE! Your backwards plan MAKES NO SENSE. You’re wrong & a danger to our children’s futures.
Analogy to your plan: Your underpaid household staff is underperforming because they need supplies & equipment. Instead of allowing your House Manager to buy supplies, repair equipment, give merit-based raises, you REDUCE Staff’s budget & give the difference to your neighbor.
How many students in those charters have special needs? Behavior issues? Chronic absenteeism? I would love to see that breakdown.
You, of course, knew very little about the performance of Michigan schools. What the public knows is that your initiatives there have failed. And many experts give you an F for your performance overall and on 60 Minutes. https://www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/555566/ …
You fail to mention charter schools can choose which students they accept; thereby, they get better scores.They don’t have to provide free transportation, free & reduced lunch, SPED support, & can charge more than any voucher will cover. You create economic segregation.
“However” is big. Being the tallest midget is not a win.
Where is this from? Don’t you know you have to cite your sources?
If you had any education background, you'd know that tests, especially those that are high stakes, prove absolutely nothing. There are too many variables, environment, inclusivity, preparation, etc.
Know what "options" special needs kids have? Keep failing to make gains (thru 504 Plans/IEPs), mediation, then legal recourse to go to a therapeutic school that actually helps. All while losing precious time.
RESIGN NOW...have better stats avaialble.  Stop talking and waisting everyone's time.  Our time is more valuable than yours.  LEAVE NOW!
No mention of public school week.  In fact all you did was to throw them under the school bus.
So how does this data show that the existence of Charter Schools improved the public schools? The Charter Schools were still underperforming! Do you have a good example to use to make your point?
Nevada Charter schools/Home schools are flourishing..Cost per child is 2nd highest in nation and almost last place nationally. Parents want more options.
Please resign before you destroy our school system.
As a student  of rhetoric & communication, I would respectfully inform Madame Secretary that YOU are the one responsible for citing statistics to support YOUR ideas, not the other way around. #publicschools
The NAACP backs up its call for a moratorium on charter schools with something often missing in today's political environment - #facts.
Your interview was a train wreck.....
The State with the biggest implementation of education vouchers is among the worst performing States for education. The public and charter schools are terrible, but your argument is that the terrible charter schools are not as terrible as the terrible public school...
Of course the charters are doing better. The school of choice process has neutered traditional public schools and they cannot compete. Charters should be doing exponentially better than the public schools that they poach students from.
But both did low on testing.
Um, you didn't highlight the rest of the sentence that both still had extremely poor scores, um not sure what to say about that.  Wasn't your argument that when charter school were put into place the public schools improved too?  Not sure if you really know what you are saying.
Seeing as how Charters self select (that's a technical term) if they were actually better, I'd expect a much greater difference, wouldn't you?
Time for you to step down. You are clearly not qualified for this position. Do the country a service and just admit you made a mistake and get OUT.  Did you SEE yourself on 60 minutes??? #trainwreck
How does she not understand how grossly incompetent she is? 'Ignorance is bliss' should be the motto of the American education system, but it should have spelling errors.
I’m not understanding how this supports your argument.... it’s clear that the government UNDERFUNDS public school districts. Yes we agree and that is YOUR JOB. Thanks for clarifying you fail.
It’s time to implement school choice. Remove the federal government from education and put it back to the state level where it belongs.
Jesus, how long did it take your staff to paste together this weak defense for your disastrous, ill prepared, ill informed performance?
Bye Felicia! You are clueless, entitled, greedy and incompetent. Go back to sailing on yachts and living the "good life." You really don't need this position and have more money than you could ever spend!
You should read the entire article, then go read the actual research it describes.
Wow who would even point to that? The charters are ridiculously low too. Maybe hire somebody bright who can help you and stay off social media.
As a member of the family running the longest #PYRAMIDSCAM , Amway she isn't smart enough to run Dept. of Ed.  She has ruined Mi. Education.  Like #LIARTRUMP she's out of touch with people. #NOTMYPRESIDENT #RESIST #PUTINSBITCH
Because you decimated Detroit Public Schools
And you had no idea of that statistics when asked in @60minutes. What do you do all day? Play bridge with your other billionaire friends and talk about the poor schools? You’re a fraud and we all know it.
But, what are doing for children who do not attend a charter school?  Do they not deserve a world class education as well?  For me the problem is easily solved. Make education a priority and emulate the country with best education system.
Oh she wouldn’t do THAT. Those countries let the TEACHERS make most of the education decisions. You know... those people who hold multple degrees in the field and decades of experience.
Completely forget about private charter schools! They are not the solution for the majority of American children whom face severely underfunded education because of their families' poverty-to-average socioeconomic status.
would have been nice if you were smart enough to say that when she asked you the first time
And just to be fair, here is where I got the information:  http://credo.stanford.edu/documents/NCSS%202013%20Final%20Draft.pdf …
Please cite your source for this information. Charter schools, on the whole, do no better than public schools.
FUCKING. LIES.
Those statistics are FAR from anything you should be bragging about EVER.  Someone should sit down and explain that to you... After they explain why you are so underqualified for this job.
Good God, you're a joke. Do this country a favour and resign.
#Betsydevosresign
My daughter teaches in Jr High. Kids are walking out today in what they believe is a “memorial” to shooting victims. Teachers aren’t allowed to say 1 word about it. Not even a teaching opportunity on why we can protest in the US.
“However, both are extremely low”

Aren’t you embarrassed of yourself yet??
please just stop embarrassing Michigan. we can do that on our own
But you claimed public schools would do better with more options?
So thank you for proving your theory wrong with this evidence.  Be glad I only get 140 characters.
I give you props for dealing with the amount of shame you must have
Either your staff posted this or you Googled the data. You didn't say this in the interview because you don't have command of the facts. You bought the position, wasted taxpayer dollars with your self serving trip to Parkland, and always prove you're unqualified. Resign.
Just another trump appointee sent to distr oy what you are supposed to make better
2x better than extremely low is not good! Have you ever taken a statistics class?
Betsy this is exactly the point that you were being criticized for: taking funding from public schools does not improve performance. Also, what’s with “we don’t invest in school buildings”?
Phew, good thing all those other kids are guna have a chance to attend one of those charter schools, thanks Bets. Wait........
Do you even know why there are public schools. If there was only private schools millions of kids would not get an education  .Do your job improve public schools.
Just admit you are not doing your job and are not fit for the job.
How many of those charter schools can remove students who are behavior problems or under performing from the school before examinations take place? That is a common charter school tactic to inflate data. I would know, they end up in my classroom after they are kicked out!
I think bragging about 12% of youngsters being “proficient” is not what we need to do as a society.
Resign
Um they didn’t show it bc you didn’t know it. You had to get someone to give you this information after the interview. Again you are not qualified!! Resign!
You still have no clue what you're doing as Secretary of Education.  If only you had ANY public school knowledge - or even basic education priniciple knowlege.  But you don't.  Another 45 misguided appointment.
Missing?  Well, you didn’t bring much to the interview in the way of brilliance.
Apparently you haven't read the rest of the paragraph you cherry picked. You're the fucking worst.
How do YOU know this if you haven't visited the schools in question? You can't GOVERN/LEAD by only reading education reports!!!
What’s the application process?  Charters are supposed to accept any students but many choose the “desirable” kiddos and then claim higher results.  Not how it’s supposed to work.
Likewise, the assessments used to measure performance is quite different from public. You can not compare apples to bananas.
You do realize that private schools have the option of choosing which students attend their institutions, correct? Those with behavior concerns or special needs are often turned away. This often results in inflated scores in terms of how the schools are doing.
...and in our neck of the woods, charter schools are shutting down, closing their doors without the decency of communication to their students and families.  The data of "excellent performance"  is a fabrication.  The American people are being fooled while thr 1%, elitist...
As you can see from the studies, @BetsyDeVosED can type bullshit into Microsoft Word. As a complete surprise, she even learned to highlight and screenshot it. She's clearly doing 2x better than her peer @realDonaldTrump. #Trump #Education
Charter schools:  publicly funded private profits.   
Wrong.
I’m sure glad that all my kids are out of public schools. You don’t have a clue what you’re doing. Typical Trump pick.
Quite the disturbing interview. And, yes, you were what was disturbing.
Read the sentence after the one you highlighted
You, Betsy DeVos, are the answer to improving our educational system, for charter schools will definitely improve our educational system. NEA is against it because they’ll lose teachers’ dues that pay politicians to support NEA! Our children are more important than NEA!
What this interview has revealed is that you were unqualified for this job, you're not good at this job and you're pushing a political agenda that is foolish in theory and a disaster in practice, all at the expense of American children. Your best course of action is to resign.
So what about the students in the public schools? What are we going to do to fix that? And btw, those test scores are all below the national average. Nothing to brag about there.
Charter schools don’t function under the same type of funding and state regulations as city public schools,what is missing from 60 min is YOU telling US an actual agenda on how we are going to improve PUBLIC schools,especially in YOUR home state! #DOBETTERDEVOS #DOSOMETHINGDEVOS
So schools that have had their best students stripped from them and their resources stolen do terrible.  Amazing.  And the schools the best students and resources are redirected to only do slightly better?  That is your defense?
Betsy should resign immediately because the nations education system is terrible now. We are ranked 27 in the world. Our poor children are being abused by vouchers. Before Devos ruined our academic system, we were ranked #1 and inner city schools were the beacon of achievement.
So your point has been that since the public education is such a shambles, students should be able to leave?  They know, they do.  I thought you were in place to support public ed, not tear it down.
I hope they're learning to read beyond the blue highlights...
holy hell, did you even bother reading the next sentence? damn
Did you even read beyond what you highlighted? Those percentages are terrible
"However, both groups still had extremely low scores" skipped that didn't you? Lady woman
*lazy woman
Did you fail to tell them that Charter Schools can refuse children who don’t do work? Public schools take ALL children, not just the select few MS. Never attended public school!

You should have known this before you did the show. Students can tell you how to prep.
"However, both groups still had extremely low scores on the state's yearly standardized assessment." 

You're an absolute moron.
Are you actually bragging about those Charter School scores?  I mean seriously? 

They're even lower than @realDonaldTrump approval ratings. That's embarrassing.
With the amount of times you tagged and hashed 60 minutes you’d think you’d know how long it is, you’re a complete waste of space! Just resign
Are Michigan public schools performing better since YOUR interventions/ rerouting funds to charter schools?
RESIGN
Stop lying. Due to @BetsyDeVosED lobbying, Michigan tolerates more low performing charter schools than most other states and has no mechanisms to shut down or improve them. #compassionlessmonster
You are going to hang your hat on that stat??!!? You do realize with the new law at that rate 3 of 4 charter school 3rd graders will be retained.
This stat does not justify the policies that have engaged in systematic dismantling of local, public, community based schools in Michigan.
You’re really so stupid that you don’t understand your own tweet? You’re an empty headed moron. Resign and let someone qualified step into your position.
Stop trying to clean up your poor performance. Just get back to work.
you can't fuck up, then go home and Google stuff, and then pretend to know it! you have zero idea about public education....come to a public school classroom, I can guarantee you won't make it past 1st hour, Miss High and Mighty.
Did you NOT READ THE REST OF THIS?!!?! Literally the next sentence says "However, both groups still had extremely low scores on the state's yearly standardized assessment." You need to do what we ask of our students with this interview and Admit and LEARN FROM your mistakes.
Did you even read this report. Who is happy one group got an F but the other group got an F-. That is basically what your own data says.
Why didn't you emtnion this in the interview?!
Quite playing Monday morning quarterback & QUIT!
Nice try at covering your backsides. @usedgov Sure are paranoid about #LeslieStahl interview!
From the same article...maybe read the whole thing instead of cherry-picking

So you went home and googled some stuff, huh? A competent Secretary of Education would have been able to answer this DURING the interview. Admit it--you got owned.
In the same article. . It doesn't say take funds away from public schools, it says increase it. That charter schools success is due to better able to meet student needs. Yes.. left out is that charter schools often have smaller class sizes and kids are ability grouped.
R for Resign
Largely as a result of  YOUR lobbying, Michigan tolerates more low-performing charter schools than just about any other state. & it lacks any effective mechanism for shutting down, or improving, those charters.Tragic for children, especially in Detroit (which has 79% of charters)
In what group? Is the gap closing or only looks closed since charter schools have different accountability standards & can exclude kids w disabilities? You're picking data points that fit your false hopes and neglecting the fact charter schools can exclude groups of  students.
A miniscule increase is not progress. If you think 23.6% of students (that's 24/100 students) being proficient in the NATIONAL LANGUAGE is good you're even more deluded and misguided than I previously thought.
Also it's very ironic that you keep trying to convince people certain things weren't shown while you're literally doing the same by highlighting one sentence that somehow goes with your nonsense but from an article who's title says the numbers are terrible.
True. Maybe if we had a president that actually cared about Our country, we could do this.But .we still have @realDonaldTrump, guess schools will still suck majorly.#electionof2020
Even if these were scientifically sound figures, it's your ONLY job as Secretary of Education to IMPROVE the public schools, not use them as an excuse to privatize. As a graduate of Michigan schools, the Devoses have been screwing with us for decades, resulting in these figures.
Shhhhh. All these tweets are sad. Your interview was bad because you are bad kid. Probably time to resign.
The flipside of that tweet...poorer students stuck in substandard schools. No way out as money is deverted to charter schools.
Guess you didn’t read the 2nd sentence... unfortunately assuming the rest of us can’t read, just because you can’t, didn’t work out so well there did it?
Stop digging.
Missing? Or you weren’t prepared to answer any questions in an interview? Also, when are you going to visit an underperforming school?
devos you are As an accomplished a LIAR as 45 is - why dont you just climb into his real bed as well as the government bed you already share
Why didn’t you speak about this instead of stammering about?
If you knew during your interview why didn’t you speak up?! It’s because you had to google it first. Disgraceful public servant!!! Go away!!!!
I’d love to see that Data. Seeing as how it’s well know on par private/charter schools do no better than public schools. School choice is a myth run by people like you.
Resign
All this tells me is that you need A three day lag time to answer questions by having staff to cherry pick positive stats
That's Great!!.. Thank you for your service for the Children of Our Country.. School Choice is the Best Policy for Many Parents..:)
you know, highlighting the first sentence doesn't stop us from reading the one following it.  to sum up, your charter-school solution simply sucks slightly less.
You could not give a good response to this question on the interview so you are trying to give some examples now..... you are pitiful!!!!
If you continue to take money from public schools and giving to rich corporations that PICK AND CHOOSE students they accept it seems logical that public schools would suffer! @BetsyDeVosED is unqualified! How about a teacher in charge of ed department? Makes too much sense?
You can't just highlight one sentence and act like the rest won't follow 
You should only interview on Fox News, because they would only ask you questions that you can answer like "what is your name"
Why didn't you SAY it then?? That's the issue - you can't SPEAK to the FACTS when ASKED???  Really?  Let someone do the job who knows what they are doing and go back to your mansion and Russian businesses.
The QUESTION posed by Stahl was how those Michigan students left behind in de-funded public schools are performing...We are not as obtuse as you, DeVos. Dodging the question doesn’t get you off the hook.
Smug. Arrogant. Uneducated. All the qualifications to work for Trump, but not the American people. Resign.
Not hard to do when Detroit public schools lose $6k in state funding for each of the more than 60,000 students that have left to attend charter schools. How can they compete when they are underfunded, understaffed & under attended? You know the answer...they can't.
23% passing is an underperforming school.
Did your private school teach critical thinking and data anaylsis?
This statement is exactly the problem, it epitomizes confirmation bias. You're clearly looking for data that supports your thesis even if it doesn't or wasn't collected to address the question you wish it was.
Read the following sentence after you highlight. Unfortunately for you, we don't just read what you tell us to read. Go back home and hibernate in your billionaire hole. #TalentlessHack
What, did you google this after your interview?
You are an evil piece of work. It apparently runs in the family. How many commandments have you violated today?
Betsy, the chart you shared shows that both charter schools and public schools in Detroit are failing. Have you been to den Any DPS locations. Walking around Holland Christian and GR Christian isn’t representative of the education system.
@BetsyDeVosED  Sure wish u would have pointed out the Billionsgiven to Public Ed yet the system is BROKEN! Schools in tatters, Educators lacking, all protected by School Boards! Geez call the failing like it is! COMMON CORE
That is a BOLD FACE LIE! Kids at charter schools do equivalent at best as a whole. Charter schools are unreliable, unregulated &  have ability to falsify Info. Hundreds closed in FL SOME IN THE 1st year, leaving kids SCREWED. I live in FL, she lied WE HATE SCHOOL CHOICE. #resign
You mean... “the also-extremely-low-scoring Detroit charter schools are *Two Times Better?*” via @60Minutes 
#Schoolchoice is #schoolschoose ... #Fundpubliced #followthemoney #followHERmoney
In Detroit, the most underfunded city on the planet? How about you pay attention to more factors than the grade scale, you pathetic excuse for a human being! You are education’s greatest mistake.
Did you read the second line?
Um, are you really trying to brag about this? "Both are bad." It said so right there in the article's headline. The fact that less than a quarter of ALL students are proficient in those subjects says a lot about how schools in general are failing Detroit.
Not to mention that standardized tests are a really poor way to look at how students are doing on the whole.
You can’t compare charter school students & public school students if they don’t reflect the same % of economic disadvantaged, the same % of SPED students, and the same % of behaviorally challenged students. Unless populations correspond, test scores can’t be accurately compared.
Often charters will score better than public because charters are not required by law to take ALL STUDENTS.  Charters take public tax $'s and determine who they will educate.  Unlike public schools where they have to take every student that lives in their boundaries. #StopTheSpin
Stop trying to pretend you know what's going on.  You destroyed the Detroit school system.  Or is this a page out of Trump attack and lie manual?
Did u read the sentence after the hilighted one?
Your claim in the interview: that school choice results in improvement for ALL students - in the charter schools and in the public schools. The information you are sharing here does not support that argument, but the data is incomplete and pulled from a biased source, anyway.
Betsy ...  The @NAACP has researched this for you. #chartersucks
http://www.naacp.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/Task_ForceReport_final2.pdf …
You are so unqualified for your job
Resign
But you didn't know that before you researched it, did you?  So @60Minutes helped you do your JOB better.  You need to get sharper and better at your job.  Many would have been fired about such a terrible performance.
It's pretty well-documented and understood in other parts of the world that a focus on equity, not choice, is best for student achievement. For you see, we're not talking about a market here -- we're talking about education for our children.
Secretary of Education? Your a Dim witted empty shell of only ignorance that is all!
Missing because you did not know it
So you had to go research some stats after interview to make it look like you know something. How about do your job! If you were doing your job, you would’ve had a more intelligent interview. Education is important for ALL kids not just the ones who can afford private school
My girls went to a charter middle school, so I know what I'm talking about when I say that charter schools accept only the better students. Thus, it's unsurprising that these cherry-picked students are performing better than those at public schools, which have to take all-comers.
#BetsyDeVious is lying to the American public. She is trying to dismantle the public school system.
that is a twisting of the facts (We expect better of you) the charter school scores are abysmal and should not be treated as a success- that should give you pause to make sure that ALL schools excel and not subvert one to promote the other
Resign. You “underperformed” on 60 minutes. Time for a change!
I guess it’s ok to leave the kids that can’t afford charter schools behind in illiteracy and poverty.
You can’t even answer basic questions about educational policies. Can’t you get a job with your brother? You know, answering phones, taking lunch orders, etc.
Education in Michigan is seriously lacking and has only gotten worse as the Devos family has thrown money at it, pushing private and charter schools with no real educational standards for students or instructors.
Charter schools lack standards or proper oversight. Teachers don't even need to be certified. (Charter schools are where people who fail out of education go to teach.)
Help students by improving the public school system.
Charters are PUBLIC schools!
You should resign
Is Charter School code for segregation?
@FiveRights

Talk to someone under 20 ab politics & you'll see that Education Sec. Betsy DeVos has the hardest job in America after Trump. Obama poisoned minds against USA, capitalism, whites, & Republicans for eight years. Under Obama, public ed became, "Why America is Bad."

How about you give the public schools the same benefits as charter schools? Like, enough funding for teachers to teach and up-to-date facilities for all kids to learn in? #elitist
The article, when read in its entirety, does not support the point you are trying to make.  When 2x better still means vastly under performing, everyone loses. Your approach failed in your state.  How embarrassing that you still don't seem to understand that #resign.
It's hard to buy your way out of this one. #intentionallyVisit
Why do y’all go on these shows they never show the whole story 

betsy devos does not see a failing school she sees many individual students failing independently on their own initiative https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/compost/wp/2018/03/12/betsy-devos-has-definitely-seen-a-school-at-least-once/?utm_term=.3772624eb92a …
You are a joke and nothing will help you save face. Just resign no one will miss you. You can try to blame 60 minutes but you are the bonehead that knows nothing about what your job is. Do yourself and our children a favor and go back to doing nothing like you used to.

That's because you steel the money from pubic schools.
Bish, have you ever even stepped foot in Detroit?
perhaps we should try and find what is being done at any successful school and try to implement those systems in failing systems.
Tell us about the demographics of the students who are performing slightly better.  White.  Upper class.  ??  Come on!  You do not mean ALL students.
