So, we can expect your resignation soon?
Hey, idiot Betsy, Polk Cty is IN Texas.
I’ll remind you that every time DC wants to be in public schools’ business. Too bad no one listens to the amazing ideas coming from students and teachers daily across the US.
Parkland High School students are leading an imperative that Washington and the state capitals REFUSE to start about gun violence!  Is this what you're talking about? #ParklandStrong #StatesLeading #GunReformNow
U work for the ppl, uve over stated ur welcome and u continue to make things worse,ur fired!
You should know the issues with this idea based off Michigan alone. Us students want to see something better and are trying, can we get some support?
I’d say the students are doing a pretty good job of taking on the NRA these days 
#VoteThemOut
#VoteYouOut
So what you're saying is that American students are bad students and that's the education problem? Convenient
So shut up.
Yes,  for starters, how about listening to Parkland students?
Really, does it come from #1in5 K-student struggling 2 learn 2 read? The same 5 yr old that isn’t screened 4 #Dyslexia b/c District doesn’t care; that could b quickly back on track w/early evidence-based intervention; that wouldn’t have 2 wait 2 fail; or suffer emotional trauma?
I've seen cases in NY where a child is tested in the hope they can get extra funding yet never provide services the $ is supposed to fund.
Thank you for listening to the students!

School lunch for my son is spectacular!  
He is actually eating at school!

This,for me is outstanding 
& much better than walking across the street to the fast food or mini mart for expen$ive better tasting food. 

 

From where I sit, the imperative has always come from the kids, but when we teachers try to be the voices of our students, we get drowned out by people who think that what we’re advocating for is our own.  Are you going to drown out teacher voices too?
And at what age should that imperative start woman? I'm sure you private school educated kids were doing it at 5 because you have no clue. #wonderlesswoman
She's supposed to design curriculum that sets the standard for states. She's done nothing, nor has her understaffed dept.
Students would like to eliminate student loan debt. That can only happen in DC.
Sounds like you are not needed then, so PLEASE, RESIGN!
Yes, like @AMarch4OurLives but how about you help and support these kids who are doing something and save lives in the process? #gunreform #neveragain @ForParkland @davidhogg111 @car_nove
#betsydevosfailing
Like the ones who tried to talk to you today but were ignored? Like those students?
What are you talking about your sentence doesnt make any sense at all
So go away already!  We can do better! #devosMustGo
That imperative would be terrible for public education.  Washington must set the standards or some states will be left behind.  Our education unites us.
Then, why are you employed?
Drumpf gave his cronies positions to keep $ flowing. None of his nominees are qualified. She's not an educator any more than Zinke knows how to protect public lands.
Please do yourself a favor and RESIGN!!! How many hours did it take u to come up with this meaningless tweet, I mean really. A scholar you are NOT! You must have way more urgent things that need to be focused on then tweeting?? Tweeting BS doesn’t do anything for education!!!!
Why, if the States are leading, is your NRA overlord suing the State of Florida to dumb down Florida’s new gun safety law designed specifically to make schools safer.  You guys are states’ rights advocates until a state, like Florida, angers your NRA masters by passing gun stuff.
Says the woman who had a trip to Parkland and did what exactly? #neveragain
The imperative from students already is there. WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING WITH YOUR TIME, THAT YOU DON'T REALIZE THIS? - curious bystander, M.Educational Technology, MA Applied Linguistics
In that case we don't need you. Please resign
Deflect. Deflect. Deflect. Meanwhile your boss is shitting himself, his best people are rats leaving a sinking ship and the teens are mobilised #goodluckbitch
You are not from Washington. That was supposed to be the point.
That's why it's so great to see the students at Parkland (and elsewhere) bandy together to destroy the NRA and humiliate Trump and anyone who works for him.  (Including you Betsy.)
drag her
YES!!! The students are running this business, not the school or the teacher!
Can you give us the resources and pay to do better for our students?
Betsy go away
Do better with less and with a scope that never stops expanding.
Top 10 Reasons School Choice Is No Choice | In reality, it’s just a scam to make private schools cheaper for rich people, further erode the public school system and allow for-profit corps to gobble up education dollars meant to help children succeed.
Michigan Gambled on Charter Schools. Its Children Lost. - The New York Times
Vouchers do not improve student achievement, Stanford researcher finds | Stanford News
Teachers' groups give DeVos an 'F'
Schools began ignoring rape reports after DeVos' campus sexual assault policy changes, lawsuit says https://www.dailykos.com/story/2018/1/29/1736910/-Schools-began-ignoring-rape-reports-after-DeVos-campus-sexual-assault-policy-changes-lawsuit-says … …
DeVos rescinds 72 guidance documents outlining rights for disabled students - The Washington Post
Trump’s proposed after-school cuts could lead to more hungry kids, lower test scores - The Hechinger Report
We're returning to the era where Reagan stated ketchup was a vegetable because it was made w/tomatoes.
Washington should set the standards that eacjh local should aspire to, particularly in Math and English.
Washington doesn't lead when it comes to education. You know that
Agreed! Though it needs to come from a parental figure if it is going to be internalized.
We can’t do that because every little thing we try to do is met with a fight because people don’t trust teachers. How can I do what’s best for my kids when I can’t make copies for them? Or when they don’t get enough to eat? Where’s your answer for that?
Maybe that could happen if the voice from Washington wasn't #ivorytowerelitistcoward #swampwater that bought their seat. #unqualifified and dishonorable! No clue what real service is. #RethinkDeVos
And students are saying stricter gun laws, and will you hide behind the second amendment?
It’s called the United States, not the Independent States! National standards set a foundation for all States to build Upon! Please resign and take your backwards thoughts with you! #unqualified for the office you hold!
Then I guess we don't need you.
Resign
You are not capable of doing better. Resignation
Honestly, don't you have something to do other than pushing out tweets that contain some education buzzwords, but don't really say anything of substance?
So what you are saying is " I know I'm as utterly useless as everyone thinks."  Well that's progress, I guess
Why can it not be a national endeavor? Education is a national interest is it not? We want a better system. You are not helping us at all.
Do much better the teaching comes from Truth, sound moral character, Love & Respect. Seems like to much emphasis being placed on allowing the children to rule the adults, a slippery slope as we witness 2days culture. Return of Godly mentoring would change culture of hate to LOVE
Go away! #teachersleading
@1in5awareness @BeckyeBarnes @dutchgirlusa
Nope. Don’t try to sweeten your state’s rights garbage with the fragrance of student right. You have shown again and again that you do not care about students.
Spoken like a non-educator. The imperative to do better comes from the adults around the students. It is our job to guide, educate, encourage, and set the ground work for change.
Yeah they will have to since you don’t know how to lead
@Realdonaldtrump cut on the budget to all of them and the problems needing help! Disgusting! Can't just delegate with No Money - They Can't Afford Those Things! @cnn
I'm in the Golden State.  Don't trust our governor with popcorn!  Are you providing be any direction/ mandates, or is that not your role?
Okay, you've Tweeted enough for one day, hon.
It comes from parents who are fed up with ill-equipped teachers who have no idea how to teach our kids how to read.  Look at the data.  Universities need to step up their game, stop failing our teachers and stop failing our kids.   We have a long, long way to go.
TO DO WHAT??
WE MUST PROTECT OUR FREE SPEECH & OUR SECOND AMENDMENT!! THAT IS THE KEY TO PROTECTING OUR KIDS!
  #BOOM    #InternetBillOfRights    #MakeItRain    #NRA    #MAGA    #1A    #2A  
Says the woman single handedly dismantling Title IX and refusing to investigate discrimination complaints from trans students
Resign
From *states*? Like mine, Michigan, the one that allows the water its children to drink to be poisoned and then does nothing to fix it? 

Hard pass.
You shure dont spell gud, Besty.
We need programs in high schools that teach kids in demand skills and and means of getting job recruiters in schools to get them employed instead of forcing them into college.
Since you're willing to allow students to set the imperative for action, you should tell the guy you paid to hire you that #TeachersAndGunsDontMix. No guns in schools.
We have yet to hear even one idea or solution from you.  Nothing, nada, zilch, zero.  Not...one...single...idea.
You heard Betsy Devos, get out and support those teachers on strike for a higher wage and better healthcare. #WVteacherStrike #55strong  #gunsforgrizzlies.
What!?!?
A fourth-grade student could do better than this…
All of the #Trumpanzees are in motion sending out numerous tweets, making appearances and holding press briefings with veterans who were disgracefully put on display… My guess is #SamNunberg is getting to # ShitHolePresident
As well as Russian investigation.
Huh?
No, it must come from parents.  Students don't know what they need.
So you're quitting?
