That's nice. Teach government. Also, stop messing with the asinine idea of turning PUBLIC schools in to CHARTER schools.
As an initiative make sure school buses are painted another color.
We are not doing our children, or society, any favors with this message.  For those  coming out of a 4 year program with a huge amount of debt and a watered down degree does not help anyone succeed in life.

The feller Bob Mueller indicted today,  Alex van der Zwaan, is the son-in-law of a Russian Oligarch that is a founder of Alfa Bank.  

Do you remember Tea Pain's Alfa Bank expose from 2016?  Time to…
printing a toy big deal what happened to the 3 R's and a knowledge based education that allowed our students an equal opportunity and freedom to choose their career path in life ? #REPEALESSA #RESTOREFERPA #KEEPYOURPROMISE @POTUS
Changing the message our teachers send,  along with specific programs designed to show our kids all paths to a successful life would be one step in the right direction.
Inspiring future entreprenuers is part of what we need to do to reform education.  Our kids need to see all alternatives a future career, and not just the same old message that everyone has to go to college to succeed.

How the Florida shooter escaped years of warnings http://politi.co/2Gh4sUE 
Please Reply: Didn’t the extra Fed $ directly 4 that purpose to help school choice? Were the Govs. suppose vote on where to use the$? They did in TX & all the $ went to Public Only? Please check on this. Thank you
The rhetoric on job training does not match support for Secondary Cateer & Technical Education. Rather than destroy CTE, increase Perkins!
You would fall for this.
My friend is retired from the US Army. His response to trump’s asinine proposal to arm teachers: “Teachers in America do not have the training, skill set, or the instincts to be bodyguards to children. That isn't their role. Neither should it be forced to become that role.”
My teacher husband has to buy his own toner for the copy machine. He hasn’t had a pay raise in 8 years and carries our family of 4 on his health insurance. He stays after work to grade papers and prep for the next day. It’s stressful work and you want to arm him among students.
I was wondering who is the least qualified for their position (least being that they are not qualified at all). Scott Pruitt (Head of EPA), Ajit Pai (Head of the FCC), or you?
#Dutchmafia
Stop.


42% of Americans have an unfavorable view of @usedgov 
The highest share expressing a negative view of the 10 fed agencies @pewresearch surveyed …
In the aftermath of the Parkland school shooting, why isn't Sec. of Education, Betsy DeVos taking a stand against gun violence?

Oh that's right, she's too busy trying to protect our kids from "grizzly bears" in our schools, while traveling in her 12 private jets & 4 helicopters.

Do you teach our kids? Walk a beat in our community? Care for the most in need among us? Then you’ve earned student debt relief for your service. But @realDonaldTrump wants to take it from you. Want to help me stop him?
Just resign!
Of course it would change your perspective because you have no experience or credentials in the field of education or for your current position. You only know how to make money off the backs of people seeking to better themselves!
How do you live with your evil and greedy self?  Your legacy will be the dumbing down of our children and America. Shame on you. You will not be remembered in a good way.
I can actually picture a time in the near future where @nra contracts with @usedgov to provide weapons and training to teachers. My husband is not a security guard. He is a teacher and hasn’t had a pay raise in 8 years. But you’re willing to trust him to shoot the correct kid?
Already happening all over for a long time.
A Calvin College Graduate ...  Please ....
Looks like Betsy's fan club showed up to air their undying dissatisfaction of just another spoiled privileged rich asshole appointed position that has no clue
How many tax break bonuses did teachers get? Dimwit.

#ProtectTransKids
What a DISGRACE!
You are taking 1 billion out of our public schools to private religious schools. Didn't you get in trouble for this in Michigan? You need to resign, you are a disgrace and an insult to our children.
PLEASE eliminate COMMON CORE It’s dumbing down our kids
And gender non-conforming kids are holding it eight hours because of your bigotry. Shame on you!
scum. just embarrassing
Hi
BETSY. Keep my local newspaper off your timeline.
You’re ignoring all the problems with Personalized Learning. @BetsyDeVosED is UNQUALIFIED to do anything related to public education.
You have not supported students at all in your position @BetsyDeVosED   In fact it’s been the opposite. Appallingly so. Please resign. For the children.
Betsy, you’re not qualified for this job in the least. Is that the example you wish to leave as your legacy? You have no right to call yourself a patriot. You’re just a woman born into wealth. That doesn’t make you “anything”.
@BetsyDeVosED , do you realize that trans children already have to deal with so much judging, hurt, unfairness and pain?For someone who’s feelings were hurt because you were judged by not protecting ALL STUDENTS, you sure are proving our criticisms completely true and deserving!
Rethink school????? Rethink @BetsyDeVosED an evil woman with a heart made of stone.  A despicable creature who cares more about money than people.
@BetsyDeVosED doesn’t care about students. All she cares about is using a position she BOUGHT with campaign donations to further enrich herself. #Resign
Betsy, resign because you are so wrong for this position. Our kids will be failing because of you.
Luck will not get you very far....it takes Trust & Faith in GOD!  @JoelOsteen "It’s not luck, it’s favor. It’s God shining down on you making things happen that you couldn’t make happen."~Let us train up a child in the right way to go and he/she grows up they will not depart ~GOD
Jesus is the original fishing lure. If we all focused on being fishers of men & saving the souls of mankind we would accomplish what the world is still trying to discover. 
And Jesus said to them, “Follow Me, and I will make you become fishers of men.” Mark 1:17 The Bible class!
In many fashions OLD SCHOOL used to be far more productive for our children ! But I don't have my Doctorate in Education! Wow!
This is an unpopular concept, but sometimes it may pay for us to be humble enough to go back.I don't believe it equals "not as good."Or not moving foward
I love to share with you my 15 year old art work
