

And another photo op! #Resign
Have you visited the most needy schools in Michigan yet?  I thought so.
Did you know what ANY OF IT MEANS?!
Your budget proposed deep cuts to STEM programs.  Please resign.  You are one of the worst people on the planet.
Do something other than get your picture taken. Oh wait... You don't have the ability to do something.
Special Needs #Jabroni
HIDDEN CAM: Union City NJEA Protects "Teacher Who Had Sex" w/ Student
How could ANYONE lower themselves to meet with this dumb horrid unqualified hack???

@EllenStofan I am disappointed in you for this!!! #shame
Just remember college is not for all, and not your priority, right?
Don’t let it go unnoticed that this Administration is reversing protections for students struggling with debt while padding the pockets of predatory debt collectors.
Maybe she can strap you to a rocket and send you to Mars.
Resign.
What about ART?!
So when are you going to visit public schools in struggling communities? #ohthatsrightyouarent #resign
Thank you Secretary @BetsyDeVosED . I look forward to working with everyone at the Department of Education to realize @airandspace vision of helping to build a nation of innovators and explorers!
Rather see your Signature on a Resignation Letter than another photo of u doing nothing.
I commend you for meeting with Teachers of the Year. It’s a shame you didn’t listen to them. You are creating an education caste system and decimating our public schools. And I, for one, do not want my tax dollars funding religious schools or elite private schools.
Dear Betsy DeVoss,  when you will start changing school education? There should be strict rules for teachers and administration. 

You doing nothing!
Did teacher salaries come up at all?
Most educators don’t stop for photo ops after conversations about educational opportunities.  Instead, they go put the conversation into action.  Hint, hint.
So do I!
Every day.  I wonder how any of the people involved with trump got there.


STEM is a noble pursuit and I can’t thank you enough for your support!
I hate your guts! Go away!
You’re a joke.
M
O
R
O
N
.
U
N
Q
U
A
L
I
F
I
E
D
.
Resign please.
Solve some issues....damn, more photo opps...is this all you do?

Have you been to those "underperforming" schools in MI yet?
You had the opportunity and the honor to meet with some of our most treasured and accomplished professionals today.  Experts in their field who know more about educating kids than you will ever know.  And they all left their meeting with you disappointed and dejected.  Why?

#SoftballPolitics #FauxWork
#VoiceSaveChristians
#resign
What are you doing about Islam and the braiwashing of our students into liberal idealogy? Please respond!!!!
Isn't it weird how Betsy Devos never talks about being criticized?

that's why I don't trust many politicians today.  They only want to "Good" things about them to be aired while continuing to do things that are not good.  I hope you get all the money you hoped you would.
You're UNDER-educated, Bets. You have a BA? That's it? How much did you & Eric pay for your job?
The programming at the National Air and Space Museum is indeed an exceptional example of curricular enhancement. Madame Secretary do you understand the difference between curricular and extracurricular programming and how the former is the way to reach ALL students?
Who translated the literate peoples’ words for you?

Were there children at the museum or were you just there sitting by yourself?...
So you are still not working on school safety. Great!  You are worse than worthless.
Jesus Betsy. When are going to quit gallivanting around the country and actually do something to support our education infrastructure. It’s clear you have ulterior motives that you are about to try and shove down our throats.
You are a national tragedy. Fighting w teachers of the year??? Sad
Please replace yourself with a bag of hammers. That will be an upgrade.
Hahahah
Great work on STEM! BUT you must take back the education system from the leftist libs. Our children MUST learn the truth not PC-adjusted leftist propaganda.  Some young people think our founding fathers are worse than Mao, Stalin & Hitler. @VP

America hates you.
Putting STEM classes are in ghetto dangerous schools.  That's was brilliant.
Bigotsy DeVos needs to resign already!
Is your hand resting on her butt cheek y/n
Please consider donating to my classroom:
Hi Thread please consider buying me honey.
Go home Betty!
You have more photo ops than me when @NationalGeoPixs visits.
Resign, Unqualified hack
Your first time there, Betsy? Who explained the science to you?

I’ll wager that this is the first time you heard about STEM. “Most people don’t know this.”
Love you Betsy.  Wish my parents could have gotten school vouchers when we were young.  You are a breath of fresh air.
Lol! Love your sarcasm!
I do love her.
I would be shocked if you knew what STEM, STEAM, or STREAM even stood for! Stay in your lane, Betsy. Let’s not forget that you couldn’t even explain the difference between achievement and growth. You. Are. The. Worst.
But not in schools. Have to go to a museum .
#RESIGN #YouMakeJesusCry
You’re ruining our American education system.

Arizona teachers are on day 4 of their walkout, Betsy. It's justified, as they're the lowest paid in the nation.

You're the Secretary of Education, unqualified though you may be, so what are you doing to save public education in America?
Why isn't the local district at fault for not paying teachers better?  Why should the highest level be held accountable?

Please resign
Please resign. You have no background in education. You’ve never taught, been a principal, or studied education or child development. You just want to dismantle public education.
Help America. #RESIGN. Move out of the country. Take your relatives with you.
Betsy, what are you doing about school security?? What do you think about the teacher walk out because of low pay and no school funding? Please answer.
When will you start visiting Title 1 schools Bets?
We love you Betsy! Keep up the great work! 
How "patriotic" of you Betsy 
Did this help soothe getting your ass handed to you yesterday, even by teachers who support Trump?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Finasteride?wprov=sfti1 …
RESIGN
