So u made some calls, good 4 u! How about actually visiting w/ counselors in a pub schl & see how the ratio of students 2 counselors are insane. Counselors are overworked with a huge caseload. Our kids deserve more care. What are u going to do??? #InviteDeVos #PublicSchoolProud
Easy. Figure out ways to reconstruct education that mirrors segregation, makes money for her and her friends. 
Too late. Democrats segregated schools with 1964 Title 1, thanks to President LBJ who assassinated #MLKDay & President JFK's civil rights legacy. @BetsyDeVosED is giving a Choice to escape plantation schools.
All due respect take a closer look at her model. It is filled with aspects of segregation reverting back to things we in education have been fighting for. It does not include just minorities but also SWD, the impoverished as well as the those caught in the middle.
Show me that model. Interesting.
First understand I’m very much a conservative in many aspects. I’m also an educator who was outraged at this appointment. She has 0 experience. She’s a lobbyist. Her family funds programs that have no regulations. Though not spoken you only have to look at her models.
Who gets excluded from her ideals?  The ones that need it most. No structure to deal with SWD. No plan for students at risk. A system where you can cherry pick what your enrollment can look like. Unfortunate
Phoning it in! Just like you do your responsibilities to students and educators.
No.
You are right that I am uncomfortable  with her being in power. Thanks for the awesome conversation.
Rescinding the protections for student loan borrowers, for one. Also, I think vouchers are a dumb idea.
Booooooo
You're not  talking on the phone with anyone. This is such a phony picture just like @BetsyDeVos .
Was it great speaking to teachers, parents, and students yesterday? Oh that's right, you wouldn't let them in. I will say this again, this is YOUR JOB! #Comments4Betsy #PublicSchoolProud #InviteDeVos @rweingarten @AFTunion @UFT
 @BetsyDeVosED 
The joy I get when I see how many people hate you... priceless! But then again, you're so rich, you can buy ANYTHING. 
$200 million in contributions to the Republican party ... just think what you could've done to help people. But you didn't
Class? Like Betsy's "qualifications" to head the Department of Education?.
She inherited her wealth. And she has NO QUALIFICATIONS.
When you pose for a 'I'm ever so busy working on the phone' picture ..make sure the phone screen shows a line is connected..#TrumpsFraudStaff
look at all that gold she has on. No wonder she needs additional security.
Look at you pretending to work!! Marvelous actress I might add - NOT!! You don't know jack and haven't done jack! You are despicable!!!
Put back Honor Respect and Integrity into the teaching curriculum in all schools in the U.S ma'am our children and these generation are lost in a world of inconsideration self centeredness and http://Disrespect.You  ma'am have it in your power to change all this...God Guide You!
And she wears expensive jewelry to work. 
Should we attempt to rob her? She wouldn't put up a big fight.
Sell it off and donate the money to "Make A Wish" Foundation. 
Wishing she would get the heck out of our government and leave teaching to the educated professionals.
I'm so happy Mueller is investigating her and Eric for their role in the collusion against the United States. Spectrum Health sever.
Hello Amway...I'd like to place an order...no what...I'm calling to STEP DOWN NOW
You fking people are so materialistic. A fake Jew, and a phony christian. 

However, the gold... it's real. Earrings, gold rolex or ebel, gold coin hanging from a gold chain and I'm so sure the bracelet is gold. Combined total about $25,000. It's suppose to intimidate others.
Youbwere makinga hair appointment... who do you think u are kidding?  #devosisajoke  #devossquit #devosdoesnotbelonginDC
They can’t bring back DEAD children ? What is your suggestion? @POTUS
ARE you getting any "IDEAS",, OR are you still eating the 'FAPE", french desert.  Whats the solution for school security. HAVE you been in meetings all night BRAIN STORMING,  No your at Maralargo kissing hsi FAT ASS,
Oh, you picked up a phone?  Bravo GARBAGE LADY!!!!

Right....#ResignNOW #YouSuckAtYourJob
TELL US ABOUT COMMON CORE EDUCATION ??

IS IT DISSOLVED LIKE THE GOP PROMISED OUR CHILDREN AND PARENTS AND AMERICA??
When you hand pick them America guesses your very happy with the conversations. Call some of the greater schools that have more meaningful theories and opinions.
https://www.rd.com/advice/parenting/stop-bullying-strategy/#.WnFlnKwVoBA.facebook …   PLEASE READ
Learning how to read is now only officially for rich kids...
Exactly how they suppressed slaves. Prevent them from learning will prevent them from protesting and basically being smart enough to want to fight for rights. This administration is everything g the founding fathers were against.
I am thankfully that 80% of everything they are doing is temporary because by the grace of God we will get a real president at the end of this term and these types of people will be lead out with great haste
Ewww
Yukky
Good job of talking to nobody on that phone.
Why there are a lot of people who call you trash..... your public image sucks.
you're a joke who bought the position
Apparently Trump and Manafort have been selling appointment in the White House..I guess they never heard of Illinois Governor http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/ct-rod-blagojevich-appeal-20160809-story.html …
Blagojevich faces 8 years more in prison after judge sticks to 14 ...
End common core in Georgia AS PROMISED! Make American Schools Great Again!
Stop crying you snowflake , you’re a monster . Jesus will send you to hell wth the rest of your friends .
Oh and you know God so well as to be his judge and jury? 
I bet your a full blown Republican Christian talking like that. Do t youse the Lords name in vein. How about just starting with that.
You have no business dealing with our kids!
They hate you. And think you're  stupid.
Jesususususususus
I married a school counselor and she is the most passionate person I've ever known especially when it comes to helping kids and you know what? She has helped more kids than you ever will because she actually cares about ALL OF THEM. We both think you're trash
Shut down the public schools Betsy. All this country needs is your brother to run antiterrorist training camps. You both are gods among men

Do you teach our kids? Walk a beat in our community? Care for the most in need among us? Then you’ve earned student debt relief for your service. But @realDonaldTrump wants to take it from you. Want to help me stop him?
Sorry to break it to you, but...

None of the phone lines were lit on that board.

Just like your career.
If there ever was someone I’d like to beat up for no reason....it be you.
Did you talk about this?
Unless theyre transgender right?
We are eager to contact with you for the promotion of our school. Please mail us to udayanbhattacharya19@gmail.com or call over phone 9933163313
Regards Udayan bhattacharya
#FakeNews. Most teachers, counselors, assistant principals, principals, superintendents and many parents along with retirees from our school system think you are a fucking $itch. Ignorant of what ur public schools need and do.  U PAID for this Cabinet position.
Unless the students are transgender, then they are SOL. The most vulnerable of all students and you throw them right under the bus.
Unless they're trans.... right?
And where they from public schools and where they from charter/private schools? Because we all know you go with the money is.
Wow, you married into the family that runs Amway and your brother founded Blackwater? You are good people Betsy!
Unless you're a transgender student.  You should be ashamed calling yourself an educator, wicked wicked woman


You are simply a horrible person.
A just society does not eliminate fundamental and basic protections from its most vulnerable.
Have you noticed that people don't like you very much? Half the country supports Trump. Where are all his supporters? Don't you ever wonder how history is going to see you? What is your legacy going to be? "I broak skool" seems like a good fit.
#ProtectTransStudents
How much that jewelry cost?
Well, probably just pocket change to her. #CruellaDeVos #unqualified for #Cabinet position got there because her family has donated over half a billion $$ to the Republican Party. #VoteThemAllOut #VoteBlue2018 #VoteBlue2020
When another trans student is beaten by their peers in a bathroom, their blood will be on your hands.
Except trans students, right?

Just as long as those students aren't LGBTQ! #useless #garbage!
I wish you and all your hillbilly supporters understood the book you claim so important. "So those who are last now will be first then, and those who are first will be last." Problem with people is not all understand that they fight for the wrong side of justice.
And you probably didn't understand a thing
What do you know about counseling?  Nothing.  You lack empathy.  You’re a bad person.
#transrightsarehumanrights
Was this staged? Usually a light is on showing what line your on. #fakenews
shut up
Unless they are transgendered students. Then you don’t want to help them at all. There is a special spot in hell reserved for you.
And you have a terrible manicure for a rich person. Like just horrific. Spend some of that pyramid scheme money and get it done right.

You should get counseling. Professional counseling. Please. You need it.
You know what doesn’t help students on a path to success? Not being able to pee at school. Read a fucking book. Meet people outside your bubble. Be a person.
If you would have called me, I would have hung up the phone on you.  You are an evil person.
It’s appalling and grotesque to know that through one face you feign being hurt when accused of not looking out for students. Then through your other face you tell transgender students they don’t matter. #Hypocrite
Evil - pure evil.

They work to help, you work to screw them, what happy conversation. #ResignDevos

Betsy knows how to use the phone...that's good
You have no soul and no business in your position. We understand that you are lining your pockets during your short term tenure. Get out.
Do you have any idea how much you are HATED?  Crawl into a hole and die.
But you approve of discrimination against transgender students, so they better not be TOO unique.

You are a monster.
U r a travesty. U r not protecting our female students or our transgender students. I hope ur grandchildren grow up 2 c u 4 who u r.
You are total garbage!  You know better to walk without security...you would be a tomato target!
You're vile
Maybe they could council you to check into jail. You are an evil piece of human garbage! Anyone who harms children as cruelly as you do belongs in a dark cell.
eat my ass until the sun explodes
Unlike you
Discrimination doesn't look on you, in fact is looks down right horrible. How about your stop attacking LGBTQ Students.
Quit. You're a lousy administrator and neither parents nor educators respect nor tolerate you.
 You're unqualified; just another rich witch with too much money and not much sense.

#Resign
PRETTY IN PINK ! 
I think you never attending public school has had a bad affect on you.
I'm sure they came out of the meeting feeling sick.

Ummm. This video wasn’t available prior to 2017?

MUST WATCH! 

…
It’s fortunate for you they didn’t spit in your face. You’re a cancer on the Education system. May you live in infamy

can i frame this on my wall
I'll allow it.
And now you have the audacity to keep educators our of your building. You are so vile and care nothing about education. Unqualified, just like every Trump appointee.
Stay away from our children.

Cute to see you once again whining in the news. I'd offer you some chalk but would rather see that chalk go to a deserving teacher-not an undeserving, overprivileged cow like you.
You should work as hard (and honest)!
It must be tough when everyone you’re supposed to represent hates you, with very good reason. You should learn to take constructive criticism and #resign
Resign You're unqualified and there's no proof you divested your interest You grifter extraordinaire GTFOH or your fate too may end at the gallows #kakistocracy
Go sit on a bidet.
You EVIL hypocrite! #JudgementDayIsComing you will be crying for the mountains to fall on you when #LoveWins #LakeofFire awaits you Revelation 20:11-15
lol until they are replaced with predictive analytics programs
You really should quit. NOW. NOBODY LIKES YOU.
Your a disgrace



LOCKED OUT!!!!We just tried to deliver 80k #Comments4Betsy to @usedgov. We told them we were coming. We asked for an appointment. Instead they locked out educators, parents and students - …
How nice of you to make it harder for them to do anything about reports of sexual assault - you are a monster
Oh yes, however much different when they come for a visit.
Seriously disappointed that you haven’t killed yourself yet.
Resign! You are not  qualified.
You're incredible uderqualified and just plain evil. Please quit your day job.
I can't believe they put you in charge of guiding this country's public education.  You are the living personification of everything rotten about Der 45er's regime that wishes to destroy departments from within.  Please take your pile of money and RESIGN and leave us all alone.
What happened to the 66 assets you promised to divest from as a condition to be appointed ? CREW says there is evidence you haven’t
Yet you're afraid to speak with the teacher's union.
Fake on-the-phone photo. Unless you were calling in some of your shady dealings. Just resign already.
From the American Federation of Teachers:  “Yesterday, DeVos chose to lock us out—parents, students and educators, and their unions. She not only refused to read the feedback (we had it on a flash drive for easy reading) or respond to it, she refused to even accept the comments.”
#ResignNOW You're a trump lackey with no qualifications and a lot of destruction in your wake. Get out.

Textbook example of how lack of transparency in #AZ charter schools hurts parents, students, taxpayers
Jan 17: Audit warns school could go bust
Jun 17: State board renews school charter for 20 yrs…

Sorry your feelings are hurt, Betsy. We have a few ideas for how you can feel better: 
 Protect Title IX & victims of campus sexual assault 
 Defend the civil rights of all students 
…
Pssst.....Betsy we know there is no one on the phone, but it’s our secret! You are literally a waste of public expenditure.
You're "hurt" because you're being "criticized for protecting the rights of students"? Oh, please. You're not protecting us from predatory lenders or sexual assault, that's for sure.
@BetsyDeVosED sucks at the job she bought
If you can't stand the heat get out of the WH.  RESIGN.

Education secretary: ‘It’s hurtful to me when I’m criticized for not upholding the rights of students’
Boo hoo. She should #resign.  #Unqualified
You’re bad for this country.
Why haven't you resigned yet, you fraud?
As a mother I have to say that your work for our children’s education is abhorrent, disgusting, and vile.
Betsy DeVos: It's “hurtful to me when I’m criticized for not upholding the rights of students" Awww poor Liddle' baby. Shut up Trump asskisser.
I was wondering who is the least qualified for their position (least being that they are not qualified at all). Scott Pruitt (Head of the EPA), Ajit Pai (Head of the FCC), or you?
And you work everyday to thwart their chances of success
Did these counselors discuss abuse and sexual assault with you? We can never believe the girl - she is probably lying - right? Unless he is an immigrant and then she is telling the truth #gotyournumber
You’re a horrible human ! You score an F
You're not doing your job properly, Betsy. Better resign and find a meaningful occupation.
So the “education” secretary is terrified of being graded by teachers. So typical of this pathetic administration. I can’t wait until you are all removed.
You are not just a #fraud but a destructive & malicious piece of #humangarbage dedicated to helping line the pockets of your profiteering pals, destroying public education, & imposing debt burden on the middle class, vets, & impoverished #cruelladevos #unqualified #evil
I’m glad your feelings are hurt. Ours are too as you roll back crucial protections on the education system. What an awful person you are.
@BetsyDeVosED  earned her Business Ec BA in 1979. She used her billionaire status to purchase her US Sec Ed seat by donating to @GOP. 
Oh oh! Don’t sic your thug brother on us!
Betsy DeVos: It's “hurtful to me when I’m criticized for not upholding the rights of students" http://hill.cm/hoZJDuQ  
Did you ask them if you should quit? Cuz I think they would advise it !
#BetsyFailed
Your feelings are hurt? What about the feelings of America's children who deserve fair access to a quality education--including children who live in poverty and children who have disabilities. Shame on you. Shame!
School counselors hate you. Your name is spoken with disdain at our conferences and meeting.
Why don't you read the comments and suggestions that educators and parents tried to deliver to you?

What are you afraid of?

If you don't know how to read, don't worry, we're willing to help. After all, we excel in teaching people how to read.
Help us understand why you are supporting charter schools that don’t require their teachers to teach the standards (charter schools) also why aren’t you helping to fix the system we have in place so kids can take the bus to their public school.
Shoot lady, would you criticize the hospital janitor for trying to perform brain surgery???   Do you get it that people are outraged that you bought your position??
That you are unqualified???
Resign now. You’re not qualified
Talk to teachers outside your office!
It is terrible your feelings are hurt.
But not as terrible as you are making Anerican education. Resign.
What this guy said.
We the people find you disgusting and frankly, can't get rid of you fast enough.  Demonstrably terrible for education and exactly zero experience here.
Check your mail, clown.

U are an embarrassment to all women! U are setting education back decades! What does someone with all your money know about loans, education? U bought your seat....enjoy ruining the education system!
We - the thinking intelligent public of America - despise you and your family. We would hope that Kharma visits your household and pays you back 100-fold.
You are a sad choice for such an important job. We ALL know you bought this job and don't care about children other than rich white kids.  RESIGN
Abolish the DOE.
You are totally unqualified.  You should have expected criticism as you whittle away the rights of students and disrespect professionals in education.
