Oh please....just because some of us attended public schools and you did not, doesnt make us stupid....we see right through your bull crap...this all benefits YOU! #shoveit
Then why is your own administrstions budget dept reject your idiotic plan. #ClownShow #TrumpsMorons
You handled yourself very well considering the opposition you were met with. I hope you did not take their outrageous and biased behavior to heart. They are a very small speck in the grander scheme of things. You are doing very well!
You can't be a teacher...because she is a disgrace.
Aww somebody is sad and sleepy
Someone is uninformed and can’t have adult conversations
Look at the information I sent, get a dictionary to look up the big words and come back when you're all growed up, KK punkin.
You looked like a complete fool .
Congress was clearly NOT pleased w your proposal!!
Yeah, if you could bring yourself to answer a straight question #deviousvoucherlady
If THIS is in the budget, THIS puts STUDENT SAFETY FIRST
Agree!
Hahahahahaha! That's a good one! We saw your testimony and your answers were laughable. Do you even believe what comes out of your mouth???
https://twitter.com/cindylltt/status/976973683725041664?s=21 …
You meant to say....."Our budget puts wealthy white students first."
@realDonaldTrump
The 51-to-50 vote capped an all-night vigil on the Senate floor, where, one by one, Democrats denounced Ms. DeVos to a mostly empty chamber. But they did not get a third Republican defection that would have stopped Ms. DeVos.   #BlueWaveIsComing #VoteThemOut2018
Pleased Madam Secretary answered a yes/no question from Katherine Clark (during a Senate hearing) on the 9th attempt! Betsy needs a voucher!

"Don't know much about history
Don't know much biology
Don't know much about a science book
Don't know much about the French I took ..."
Good luck today. For your sake I hope no one asks you any questions about education. Never attended, worked in nor sent her children to public schools. No experience managing a bureaucracy. She has no qualifications for the position she "bought" via political contribution. #Facts
Maybe a nice person, who knows, but completely unqualified for the position she apparently purchased.
How was she and pruitt confirmed may need a clean sweep of house and senate.
Are you kidding?  Only if those kids are wealthy and can afford to go to a non-public school.  They had to force you to take more money since you were trying to CUT funding to public education.  You are a disgrace
No money for private schools
You seem to enjoy creating a deeper socio-economic division within schools.
How can we know that? You refused to answer the question as to whether this money would extend without predudice to race, sex, religion, gender, lgbtq! APPEARS that 'no' was the answer, which is why you wouldn't say. Is Sessions still tweaking civil rights laws?
Betsy lies, a good Christian who doesn’t follow the Ten Commandments.
Will they get HEAT?
Feel "pleased" now?  Answer YES or NO.
You wanted to reduce the budget, because you might have to spend money on public schools or after school programs to are a disgrace to your job and all children unless they rich parents.
Perhaps you could ask public K12 teachers what their students need? If you did, could we see that data?
Betsy you are doing great job. About time parents got some tuition help and better education thru SCHOOL CHOICE. AMEN
Liar!
You made an absolute fool of yourself. How is an uneducated person qualified to be in charge of education?
Puts students first???
#novouchdevos
Proofreading is a great skill to have before tweeting, @BetsyDeVosED. We know your boss doesn't do it, so why should you, right? Pleased "to testify... to testify"? Really?!
I keep saying that I can fly, yet it doesn't help me from falling to my death.

Students first my ass...

-servers at Trump Tower, Alfa Bank, Silicon Valley Bank, and Spectrum Health (owned by the DeVos family) were all in communication with each other and were the target of a FISA application in October of 2016
http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/cover_story/2016/10/was_a_server_registered_to_the_trump_organization_communicating_with_russia.html …
Resign.
Embarrassing
You got justifiably ripped for your profiteering motives

This budget is about as great as DeVos' endorsement of discrimination against LGBT students & making it more difficult to protect female victims of assault. Betsy DeVos remains unqualified, ignorant & a really poor choice for her job... As swampy as DC gets. SHAME!
https://youtu.be/8R4nVpr2plU  #racistdevos #dumpdevos #cruelladevos
What about teachers needs, districts that have higher paid teachers always perform at a higher level, and what about your plan puts students first.
Omg that was fucking hilarious. I will literally never get enough of you getting skewered repeatedly. Please do this again, as often as you can. #cruelladevos #dumpdevos
Oh, if only the private schools you attended taught character education
NO, it doesn't Bets, let's not lie to the general public now.
Who taught you how to write? You had a poor teacher!
Getting you to say yes, is like pulling teeth!
Ha! The fact that you believe that would be comical if it weren’t so scary.
Have you found the time to intentionally visit underperforming schools? Have you identified why they are underperforming and how to help them?  If not, then your budget is uninformed and should be rejected.
Before you get to far ahead of yourself, visit a REAL public school!
Only privileged students.
Yea rich withe kids
And your pocketbook even closer ... looser
Your 'testimony' was evasive and YOU seemed to support a school's right to DISCRIMINATE against students and STILL RECEIVE FEDERAL DOLLARS. What is wrong with you? Man up, Betsy - admit you are in over your head and don't know what you're talking about.
Testify before Congressional committees more often. Exposing your ignorance is good for the country.
No... It's puts your  party first...
Pleased to testify on testify for testify because testify.
Bullsh*t, Betsy! You put your vested interests first, mainly money. There are LGBTQ students across this country that need protection!!
No it does not!! You are so cluess

Your budget puts them last! You’re selfish and a liar who doesn’t give a damn about them,If you did you would resign and let someone truly fit for this job take over. But you won’t do it because you’re in it for $$you$$,not for them.
Are you truly this ignorant or do you think that we are? You don’t care about the students, everything you stand for, say and do proves it! You stand against the students and the public schools. The only thing you are doing is making it worse in them.
does it include armed security and metal detectors at every school entrance to every school in america? if not, i suspect your admin will be replaced in 2020. i suggest you put on your thinking-cap and hop to it.
Unless they are transgender , you bigot, I don't know how you live with yourselves
#RESIGN
F U
BS
You're detrimental to our children's future bigot lady, please resign!
You are a dangerous national embarrassment
This should be another horrible failure for u
Your budget puts private religious schools first. Your budget benefits no one but you and your cronies. #resign
Non-public schools costs half the price & perform better. So, why aren’t we shutting down the failing public schools, while giving the students a better education & lowering property taxes?  Because the Democrat controlled public sector unions know children don’t pay union dues.
Your budget puts money in private for profit schools and charters...you failed Michigan and will fail the nation. Remember you only observe students from a distance
No one else is.  You have proven you have nothing to say or contribute.

Coward.  Answer the QUESTION.
There is absolutely nothing I love more than watching her squirm. Besides watching her cry. Sadly, haven’t seen the latter yet, but I dream about it every night
Yes, I hope it does. The SD school for the Deaf doesn’t even educate the deaf. Really!  3million budget for nothing!!!!
Just have them watch your 60-Minutes appearance; everyone deserves a good chuckle now and then.
*rich, white students first. There, fixed it for ya.
Embarrassing.
You lie!
Your budget puts YOU first
Great job today but you mentioned my name again...
You may have the hardest and most important job in this administration. Thank you and God bless you!
The most challenging bc she is the least qualified...
Why is there still "common core" then?
Supporting you with prayers ~ may your authenticity and devotion to our children's rights to choose quality education that fits their needs, regardless of zip code prevail ~ end wasteful spending ~ redirect for achieving results.
Can't fix stupid,
Like you put Michigan students first?
#ImpeachDeVos
Her budget would cut (her term is “streamlining the dept”) over $8 billon in Ed Dept funding. 

Her priority is to add more than $1B to “school choice” and totally eliminate programs such as Community Learning Centers ($1B), under flimsy pretense.

Vote in November!
DeVos is the dumbest person to ever lead the Dept of Education.  The more she testifies, the dumber she looks!
You will smile, lie and let everyone see how unqualified you are for this job.  Not that you care...they are only children, right?

Ignoring or dismantling everything that is required make a student successful doesn't actually accomplish that goal,  but we're happy you're happy to testify to testify.
How much is getting CUT????
Over $8 Billion. She is calling her budget “streamlining the agency.”
Your budget puts your personal pocketbook and the children of your .01% cronies first. Your budget harms the vast majority of American children. #resign
Additionally, your tweet has several grammatical errors. Maybe you need to revisit school - go ahead and attend for the year in Flint, MI. Live like the students there and see how much you are "helping" our children. #flintkids
You’re doing a good job! Keep it up
#MoreValuableThanDeVos
You had your fingers crossed behind your back?
Yeah right.


#teachersvsgrizzlies

Pockets of students.


Let's be real...You put business and Christian students first.

LMAO WHAT IS THIS I AM CRYING

You have never put students first nor has this Administration.  You are disgusting and when you all go to jail we are going to make it a federal holiday.


You’re a disgrace



It's sad that your tweet is terribly written.
Putting students first?

Have you visited any under-performing schools yet?
She won’t be able to answer yes or no.

OH STOP U PIECE OF SH^IT!
That is incorrect. Your budget, as well as your testimony, ignored students' needs and privileged private and predatory enterprise.
We find your testimony empty and lacking substance.
That’s a huge lie.
Well that's a lie. If you said "Out budget puts vouchers and profits first", then it would be a true statement.
https://share.payoneer.com/nav/wjHbpihtrwmwDcbXzmWyf6O8HI1mGfPBLthAyb6vlW_BP8E2MIzjunnGeo30ujW-fZhxuBrmP5Fgzs5lDrhLrw2 …
