This afternoon I met with Secretary of Education @BetsyDeVosED. We discussed the @usedgov priorities and how they impact Alabama. I really appreciate Secretary DeVos taking time out of her busy schedule to sit down with me. 
You are not qualified to be the Secretary of Education, let alone the PTA president of a charter school. Resign.
Resign NOW!!!
We don’t like you so please resign. You do not have students best interests in mind
Shut up, Betty.
You argued that teachers should be armed to protect schools from bears, you used stock photos to criticize current educators, you donated a huge amount of money to Donald Trump and your brother tried to create a backchannel to Russia.
You also have no information (it seems) on the state of Michigan's school system, you're the first Secretary of Education with 'round the clock security and you have a vested financial interest in student loan companies that you've just made more profitable.
Thanks for being horrible at your job.

THANK YOU @BetsyDeVosED !! We in Ohio appreciate all you are doing!  #NOCommonCore #SchoolChoice
Time out of her busy schedule? She's an ignorant, uneducated "secretary of Education" the whole Trump WH is filled with ignorant people who don't understand the jobs they've been given! The irony of it all is honestly sickening & a joke #BetsyDeVos  #WealthyDumbAsses #RichJackAss
What do you know about the current ways in which public schools differentiate to meet student learning needs ???
Go to hell! Oops, I'm sorry. You're already headed there. Carry on!
‘Improve the safety of our schools...’ can you please be specific...asbestos? Lead in the drinking fountain water? Adding those old recycled tire bits by the play structures?
Or crazy ass dudes with easy access to guns who shoot classrooms full of kids?
“Thanks for giving me a chance to do my job, even though I’m too stupid to do anything but photo ops”

#YoureFired

@usedgov 
@realDonaldTrump 
#NoGunControl #Liberal #schoolwalkout #SchoolSafety #SchoolShootings #schools
#disruption #snowflake #Gloablist #MindControl
@jack where do you live?
Go away!!
I am an educator and I do not appreciate your undermining public education in our country. You have no experience and do not belong in this post. Resign.
Our education system sucks espcially since common core.  Teachers dont teach they are complacent and lazy once that tenure kicks in.  Get rid of tenure,  offer school choice and see our students education improve.
I feel wearable panic/call buttons for teachers would help in a crisis situation. Banks use them, nurses in hospitals use them, teachers need them too. You have to be able to talk to use a cell phone,  sometimes that is not an option.
you definitely don't want to educate them...
But you don’t have a clue about public ed or what’s necessary for a solid curriculum, instruction, & assessment framework. Don’t say you support public education when all you do is fault it yet praise school choice. I feel bad for you for giving new meaning to #incompetence

ICYMI: Kate McKinnon playing Betsy DeVos on #SNL was absolute perfection.
Could you imagine the possibilities if we filled your position with someone who is passionate and someone who truly cares about the well being of children. Resign now. @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr
Alabama is one of the most corrupt states and you will most likely make their educational system worse as the Red state wants to keep it’s citizens in the dark. Luckily the teenagers in Florida had awaken this generation to all the BS you espouse and they will be Agents of change

A gov't watchdog group shows DeVos doesn't show up to work most days. She cuts out on a Thursday and doesn't come back till Tuesday.
@SarahBurris @RawStory
You're a joke.
Step down.

A former Cornell student is facing federal charges after police found an AR-15, ammunition, homemade silencer and other supplies. The cache of items has left investigators "stunned." #twithaca 

…
Just #shutupdevos #NOBODYislisteningtodevos
You are a disgrace, and #UnfitForOffice.  
#BetsyDeVos: #Resign!
Nailed it, Bets. #NewVideo #BetsyDeVos #RandyRainbowInterview 
Your appointment is another reminder that with Trump and DeVos's, our schools are in trouble.  As a special education teacher for 35 years in the public school system, I find it appalling that DeVos' disabled child attends private school.
You have become a joke you don't care about American children and the astonishing factor is your own State's children so Don't Preach to the rest of us when you may be or playing golf with the president
Take the opportunity to pack up and GO  back to what ever mansion u came from!
How sad for you!  Betsy Devos has no clue about assisting schools and safety of said schools!  She does nothing for public education but take money away for her private and charter schools at the expense of not fixing issues in public schools. I'm from Michigan and we know!!!
PIECE OF SH1T! : Education Dept. awards debt-collection contract to company with ties to DeVos

You next to Trump are the prime example that money doesn’t buy Smarts !
The only way that you can do that is by resigning. Actually you need to be Fired!
This should have been done over a year ago!  Fire DeVos!!  We need Experience!  @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Betsy, lets push for smaller class sizes. This will insure a level of personality which is tragically lacking in our schools. Kids feel invisible which ultimately leads to alienation and frequent outbursts of rage. Kids want to be seen!
personability
Rich lady with no brains or experience  yep maga and stupid
She asked me one thing about schools, and then another, and another,” she said. “If I had to answer every question she had about schools, I would have had to bone up on education for a month.”
DeVos said that she was “frustrated” that Stahl neglected to ask her about any of her “really good ideas” for the nation’s schools, such as “purchasing guns for teachers with money that is currently being wasted on books.”
She literally has nothing better to do with herself she still just an #NRApornstar too
http://www.killinged.com  you allow Islamic radicals from the Gulen Movement to operate 180 publicly funded charter schools in USA you care nothing about safety or education #WhoIsGulen

What an interesting interview! 
NEW VIDEO! I finally snagged an interview with my girl Betsy D. She nailed it. https://tinyurl.com/yax62muh  
Two frauds meeting with each other. Useless. @RepMarthaRoby I love the header image of you running out of a Blackhawk. You appear to have extensive operational experience (sarcasm)
You are tweeting up a storm.  The way pink slips are flying off Trump's desk you all must be wondering about your own positions.
Sorry Betsy - You are a do nothing waste if an administrative position.  

Your proposed policies and attitude towards education will be one of the main topics that cause many of us to #VoteDEM2018

Unfunded mandates are not going to help our children become educated or safe
You're one of The moast educated person in America, thank you for doing a great job,
Bravo Betsy!
This should be investigated
Thank you @BetsyDeVosED for being completely incompetent at your job.
Your words are hollow. #NeverAgain
Vapid waste of organic material
Did you discuss what you are going to do after you are fired tomorrow?
You are Awesome! Keep up the good work!
Oh hun we haven’t moved on yet from this
Does anyone NOT think you suck?! Do us all a favor and resign.
No VOUCHERS unless accepted as FULL payment otherwise just a stipend for super rich $50,000 a year Schools like Trump & friends.
Resign lady! You haven’t a clue.
WOW .... Betsy DeVos you really stir up the teachers union that want no part of choice of schools for children that were too poor to have a choice that you would now provide them.
LOL, I have Audrey Herbst, High School Principal, and your problem with the ability of poor to choose their school just make my point. You ARE the Teachers Union holding back children without the funds to make the same choices as their rich counterparts.
#resign
You are not well-liked and you are not even remotely good at this job. I shall ask God to fire you.
For the love of god, please quit!! Can’t you find away to entertain yourself faith all of your $ billions that DOSEN’T involve destroying the next generation of Americans???
“Busy schedule”. Priceless.
GOP bought and paid for!
Are you still here? Hanging on by a thread. After seeing how dumb you were during your interview i thought you would be in hiding
I'd love to watch Betsy DeVos and Kellyanne Bowling Green Massacre Conway in a fight to the death, each with only a set of dinner utensils as weapons. The winner goes on to fight one of Sarah Huckabee Sanders' eyes.
#ResignDeVaster. You’re a FRAUD.
Step aside that would help
When are you clearing your schedule to meet with a public school official?
Hopefully this rich, entitled under-qualified Education Secretary @BetsyDeVosED will be fired soon!!!!
#RemoveDeVos
Every time you open your mouth you prove you have no business in this position. You have no clue what you’re talking about half the time.
“I have no looked or gone to underperforming schools.” Betsy
Is this some kind of bad joke?
@usedgov 
@realDonaldTrump 
#NoGunControl #Liberal #schoolwalkout #SchoolSafety #SchoolShootings #schools
#disruption #snowflake #Gloablist #MindControl
Parents are completely shouldering the burden of raising their children, financially, physically, spiritually, intellectually. All to be handed over on a platter to the mind numbing propagandism of the left? They will NOT infringe on my God-given rights! That's why I home-school.
RESIGN!!! @Twitter @CNN @nytimes @TheDemocrats @GOP @gretchenwhitmer @HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump @StormyDaniels
First step: Find a Secretary of Education who knows something about education...??? 
Don't trust you at all, Mrs. DeVos. You know NOTHING about education.
Hey Betsy, FUN FACT: Students' needs include you being launched out into space. Or fired along with the rest of Trump's cavalcade of ghouls. Whichever comes first.
You don’t know ANYTHING about education. You are proof that money can’t buy intelligence, even if it can buy you a position you’re unqualified for.
But grizzly bears are scary
Why is she thanking you? It’s your job to discuss these things . What else would you be doing?
Did you discuss bears?
As an educator, my idea to empower parents and teachers with greater flexibility would be to have a Secretary of Education who was actually educated in the art of teaching, learning, and public education.  I am entirely disappointed in this administration. Staggering ignorance.
You talk a lot, but you’re not saying anything
$5 words from a 2 cent mind
Are all those photo ops what keep her so busy?  She certainly isn’t working to improve education.

Hahahahaha “busy schedule “
Could you please just leave so we can get someone else in there. It doesn't really matter who. They cannot do any shittier honestly. Actually, let one of the Parkland schools kids run it. They care a hell of alot more than you and they went to public school
Civics needs to be a requirement in all schools. That’s why kids don’t know very much about citizenship political and practical, it’s rights and duties. Why was it taken out of the schools? We had to have Civics and World History when I grew up. Teach our kids!! @CongressRTBot
Curious to kbow this, myself. Hhhmmm?
Time to resign
We can improve the safety of our schools and empower our parents and teachers with greater flexibility to better meet students' needs through your resignation.

Are you doing away with common core?
Looking forward to your resignation.
Keep working.
Yikes, the 60 Minutes interview was very concerning. Just astonishing how unqualified and out of touch you are. Please, for the sake of our future, step down. It’s embarrassing.
F----ing BULLSHIT.
People you don’t talk to: teachers and admins.
Did you talk about how charters aren’t coming to serve rural communities anytime soon? Hard to make a profit off so few kids and that’s all they care about.
Lady you literally have no idea how to do your job. You are not even close to qualified.
#BetsyDumbvos
Please resign now - I have zero confidence in your professional leadership or moral compass.  You are set the destroy public education-public education is the backbone of our democracy.  If you’re against public education, you are against Democracy.  Pick public ed or resign now!
They need to be stopped!
A real child advocate would take a strong public stance against AR-15 assault-style weapons, period.
How about you visit schools and actually talk to real teachers and real students?
You are just stupid. You proved that in your interview. Resign so teachers can teach and students can learn. You haven't a clue what you are doing.
It's wrong for LSM to make you talk about skools, cuz skools are made up of individual students 'n shit.
How can you empower teachers when you undermine their bargaining power? Contradiction in terms. #rethinkdevos #UnionStrong #teachersmatter
Action > Talk
It really stinks that all US teachers have to go through so much training and education before we're allowed anywhere NEAR children, yet a person with ZERO educational knowledge or credentials is in charge of running the DoE. It's fucking galling.
When are going to resign already?
Take the garbage OUT of your mouth & say something other than a word salad.
You are one of the worst people on the planet right now
Students nationwide already feel the impact of your discussion!
this would be an easy answer to protect students from danger
You are pushing your brothers agenda. Step down. You are awful.
Students across the country can’t thank you enough for discussing this. We love you Bets!
We Betsy fans need more TV interviews with you! Maybe you SHOULD keep up the good work 
Don’t you mean maybe I SHOULD improve the safety of our schools...
Hi. It’s me again. I don’t believe you. If you’d like a real news story. If you’d like to make a real impact. DM me and I’ll take you on a field trip @BayDistSchools that will change your life. #thanks
@BetsyDeVosED
Resign. You are a disgrace and the ruination of public education. Public education...that is where we normal people are educated in case you did not how what it was.
You need to go. You destroyed our schools in Michigan. I don’t think that you are so much dumb as you are just plain evil. You have no concern but $$$. And you have enough of that.
Did you think to discuss anything like, oh, maybe, ways to improve learning? Ways to improve reading scores? Ways to improve access to technology? Ways to ensure every kid has something to eat every day? Do you care at all????
Again with the buzz words: empower, flexibility, students' needs...do you know what any of those even mean?  #resign
YOU ARE A DISGRACE

Arming teachers is the easy way. But it's time to open our minds to more creative idea's and methods. Let's look at a host of idea's. Then, and only then can we pick what best fits all.
#BetsyDeVosResign
We are having no choice! We must arm students for protecting them from all the teachers we just finished arming! https://twitter.com/78_misssunshine/status/973918328006762496 …
Please resign. Instead of buying a government position, maybe you should have tried a potted plant first? Start small, you know?
She would want to empower seeds to make the soil choice that's best for them...
Omg. Fuckin hilarious. Sorry, sorry. Can't stop laughing!
You literally have no qualifications for the job yet act like you do ! Thanks for not protecting all students like you are supposed to... Oh and buy yourself a clue and a publicist
Thank you!
Ironic when the education secretary doesn’t study or do her homework, and shows her ignorance on the subject she’s supposed to be an expert on. After a year, still unqualified. Still embarrassing and inept. #affluenza #lobbyist
Impeach. She’s beyond unfit. Anyone who truly cares about children and schools knows how inappropriate she is for her post.#byebetsy
Now if you would just sit down and talk to teachers, students and parents to see what is REALLY needed.   I've spent more time as a volunteer at my kids schools than you ever have.  You don't have a clue - private schools are different - you can't represent us!
#ResignNOW

My cousins tell me there are very few of us down there.
You are unqualified, uninformed, and have proven in MI you have no idea what you are doing. Resign!!!!
Betsy DeVos = Ignorant Wealthy Unqualified Bible Thumper that bought her job
You're a horrible person.
now hold on just a minute. Shouldn't  we be respectful of new paradigms that seek to leverage sustainable assets in measurable high return - low risk models for success, as positively demonstrated in recurring double-blind testing by Veridian Dynamics?
Busy schedule? LoL
You are such a dreadful individual. Your wealth doesn’t cover for your lack of compassion or general knowledge of what America’s children need.
well honey every mass school shooting has been done with a semi.....BAN anyone from selling or buying a SEMI....done schools safer then before.

^@BetsyDeVosED Who writes Our #HistoryBooks?Who publishes Our Nation's #Schoolbooks? #makeamericasmartagain to #KeepAmericaGreat and #AmericaFirst  #MAGA 
Rather than staying on topic, you spin this tweet to return to your agenda of privatizing schools. Children are DEAD. Teachers with guns have already proven themselves to be dangerous. Your photo ops are empty of meaning and you are unqualified. Resign.
I worked in the public schools for almost twenty years.There's lots to be done, keep going Betsy and God bless
You are clueless about education and are failing the students and teachers!

