@BetsyDeVosED
 23h23 hours ago
The Nation’s Report Card shows that test scores continue to stagnate. This is not something we’re going to spend our way out of and not something we’re going to regulate our way out of. #RISE2018
DeVos needs to be fired or resign!
Stilted lip service won’t convince us that you care.  You’re a joke.
I forget we’re you ever an AP?
#WeThePeople will NOT stand for the fiction you print! @realDonaldTrump is the best president we have seen in our lifetime and if you don’t realize that you’re part of the problem with our country!
The new AP history books are loaded with anti Trump propaganda and white hate. Do something!
Why is “By The People: A History of the United States,” published by Pearson copyright 2019 allowed? It teaches shaming of race and disrespect of America.
In case you didn’t think there was an effort going on in public schools to indoctrinate kids with an anti-conservative agenda, a friend of mine took pictures and highlighted parts of this AP US History book. 

At least i hope we can agree that when you choose to do nothing to punish your buddies, who were witnessed first-hand by your other buddies, assaulting 12 YR OLD GIRLS while being paid by taxpayers to be working, that's about as filthy as mankind gets.These are disgusting humans.
Your brother did nothing when his little Blackwater boys groomed 12YR OLD GIRLS from a group of Iraqi kids who'd gather around Americans near hospital inside Green Zone 2005. Older local boys collected the $ bill while the girls behind pillars performed oral on ea guy= DISGUSTING

BIG MONEY: KOCH bros super PAC raised $7m in Q1 — $5m of which came from only 5 donors, including $2m from North Dakota industrialist Mary Alice Bergan & $1m each from Dick DeVos, Jerry Hayden & Arkansas poultry magnate Ronnie Cameron, per new @fec report. …
What are you up to. What happened to private school vouchers and real change in the socialist school system that teaches socialism. Have you  been assimilated?
ACT NOW!   Change policy!
Petition Congress in your state!!!   Get this billionaire out of office!!!
Since you’ve been in office, you’ve thrown away taxpayer’s money in dumpsters.  For PHOTO OP’S!  I just paid $11,000 to the IRS today which is what you spend in one afternoon doing nothing.

I always suspected the problem with PUBLIC SCHOOLS was the TEACHERS . Thanks, Glenn !  #SATURDAYMORNING @BetsyDeVosED https://twitter.com/GlennMorrisUSA/status/985184862553419777 …
A big part of DeVos's plan to destroy public education is to facilitate school shootings by funding the politicians who protect the NRA.
Does Bittsy even know what a Assistant Principal is or what they do??? 

Someone like her does NOT BELONG IN EDUCATION!!

Put civics back as a requirement! Get rid of SJ history. Make it illegal for teachers to inject political indoctrination into public schools.
God bless all educators at this terrible but enthusiastic time in our history it really is important to teach our children. Thank you all dedicated servants.
