This department #denied #education to #specialneeds #BetsyDeVosED with no #knowledge or #desire makes decisions #trigger. This word mean YOU right NOW are affecting me!!! #emotions related to #selfharm since #students did they & ignored. I remember it! https://youtu.be/fMM0CCAV0Ds 
I have a hard time accepting that this pale vanilla administration gives a flip about MLK and his legacy. In three words...
You have neither intelligence nor character.
You could care less about MLK Jr. You care even less about all the teachers on strike. Do your job.
...can’t do your job, leave so you stop hurting...#HOWMUCH do you make & what benefits are you given when you do nothing. I’ve learned since seen #HOW specialists shuffle paperwork without any truth. Can state “was there giving minutes when they weren’t...” just the tip...
Civil rights groups sue Betsy DeVos over sexual assault policy via @jmsummers - CNNPolitics http://www.cnn.com/2018/01/25/politics/devos-title-ix-lawsuit-sexual-violence/index.html … …
Schools began ignoring rape reports after DeVos' campus sexual assault policy changes, lawsuit says https://www.dailykos.com/story/2018/1/29/1736910/-Schools-began-ignoring-rape-reports-after-DeVos-campus-sexual-assault-policy-changes-lawsuit-says … …
Sec. Devos' decision to rescind #TitleIX guidance is an affront to sexual assault survivors across this country.
DeVos voucher plan would exacerbate educational inequality | TheHill
DeVos refuses to say on sending her kids to Milwaukee voucher school. Just 2% proficient in math and 0% in English.
...different #standard and we allow it for some reason giving no incentive to make #good #decisions. I honestly didn’t think people could be that devious without seeing it & living it. #WHY these tricks all go back to crying kids. “Where are you?” & “I want to kill you...” &...&
Over one year ago we had one of our most horrible leaders make the grave mistake of appointing you to oversee our country's schools . This is time our children will never get back or fully recover from .
So, how are you honoring his lagacy?
Shut up Betsy..you have no effing clue as to what you're doing

You’re pretentiousness isn’t fooling anyone. Your ignorance along with your efforts to cut funds to public education, sabotage, and obstruct public education makes you an absolute disgrace, insult and antithesis to Dr. Martin Luther King Jr’s Dream and legacy. 
#MLKJr #MLK50 – at Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial
Let's see you put money in making sure this happens.  Until then, I just don't believe you. You have made a mockery of our education system.
...I don’t believe you!  Hold these “leaders” to the same standard of kids.  Keep questioning them & if they walk away they’re not doing their jobs!
#resign and #goaway
Intelligence.  Character.  Let that sink in a moment.  Now go read some Trump tweets...
MLK would not have supported your charter and private school agenda and defunding of public schools, your lack of compassion, your ideas about guns in schools. Please resign.
You’re afraid of intelligence and you lack any sort of character so should you really be posting quotes like this? Oh yeah and you don’t believe in students all having the same rights so there’s that...
MLK Jr. reminded us of the racial equity gaps that still exist in public schools.  If you are sincere in this mission, then begin by employing measures to close achievement gaps rather than programs to widen them.
The hypocrisy is strong with this one
50 years ago MLK was trying to help the sanitation union, yeah she might be a hypocrite :(

Please resign.
It looks like its a trend in the presidents cabinet, maybe she'll be next!  @BetsyDeVosED
He was murdered.. not lost
Intelligence and character, too bad you don’t have either
How much money are you and your family making by continually slashing protections on student loans?
@BetsyDeVosED You could care less about #MLK50 and one of the most prejudiced people in America!
https://youtu.be/ZEWseO1w-Ns  | I have a question | Will you be able to support #students with #specialneeds when they aren't given a #classroom and #WHAT is the appropriate consequence for #leaders who can't make decisions that #support #everyone since that's my issue | that's IT #prt
Resign.
Ugh you are not worthy of speaking his name.  You are an embarrassment to our country.
Which does beg the question; have you been to any of those "underperforming" schools?
Intelligence and character? You have neither @betsydevosed
Intelligence and character, two qualities that you severely lack.
You do nothing to honor his legacy of struggle for equality.
...diminishes it by reminding us how #$ allies others to act awful!  #HOW awful?  Just wait&see
Yeah, like you and your buddy Pence honestly believe that. Pretty sure you live in the whitest area of Grand Rapids. He would have thought you were beyond deplorable.
You do NOTHING to aid and promote world class education for underprivileged youth, in particular people of color. You shouldn't even be allowed to say his name. You will be remembered as being part of a greedy, incompetent, racist, unethical administration. Enjoy that legacy.
Actually, DeVos and her family are quite active in educating innercity youth. You are clearly uninformed and adding nothing of value.
Ah, yes, I remember when King advocated for increased “competition” and allowing the privileged to choose schools that perpetuated privilege. ... You’re so bad at this.
Please shut up! Stay off twitter, you're arguably the worse cabinet member of all time...
Truly a loss for America! Need more like him today!
Dr. King would not have approved of your attacks on public education, Bets!
Really?  How many low income families are you planning on screwing with your education plan?
Resign
Go to hell Betsy. You're trash.
You know, Dolores Umbridge got carried off by centaurs and later sent to Azkaban. You might want to go ahead and resign.
#SHAME #ShameOnYou
Hey Paris, show us a pic of your "girlfriend." We'd really like to see "her."
Intelligence plus character, huh? Boy did education fail you miserably, @BetsyDeVosED!
You have neither intelligence nor character.
To bad you lack both
So follow his beliefs and think about what you’re doing....
#MLK said :"We squander funds on highways, on the frenetic pursuit of recreation, on the overabundance of overkill armament, but we pauperize education.” He'd be leading the march to #DumpDeVos #MLK50
Bets. Bite us.
Oh. And Paris you too. He would be sooo disappointed in you, like  most of us
Martin Luther King: "We are likely to find that the problems of housing and education, instead of preceding the elimination of poverty, will themselves be affected if poverty is first abolished."
Haven’t seen your policies or your core competency advance a brighter future for our children & young people of color
Fronts
All of our nations students includes students of color and equity on all front @BetsyDeVosED
And the Ironic Tweet of the Day Award goes to...
Idiot
But your policies tho!!!!
Well, our education system is failing big time!
Yes to everything good for all the students. But yes 2 a reasonable pay for the professional teaching staff. You can't have one without the other. We presently all want good for every student. But we want to do so while denying the teacher a reasonable pay.
Words to live by Madame Secretary.
too bad you have no character or intelligence.....or empathy...... do us all a favor, RESIGN. RESIGN. RESIGN.
You can take your sentiments and shove them up your... A double S.
PUBLIC schools.  Try visiting one.  Better yet - visit one named after the great MLK.
Have you even read the quote, @BetsyDeVosED? Because you sure are doing your darnest to destroy education!
If you cared about his legacy you would enforce non-discrimination laws
Do you really know how radical he was.
You should resign.
thank you Betsey for your kind service you have accomplished. please wish me luck as I run for 28 district Senate .... Thank you
A brighter future beyond the dark depths of ignorance and hate that you promote. WE WILL SURVIVE YOU
Thanks to you and DJT we can rest assured that it will have to be accomplished in its entirety again. 
Something tells me he wouldn’t be a fan of you and your anti-Education pro-profit policies. #resign
Well you have neither
Dear Whoever Tweets for Betsy...

You must find her as annoying as the rest of us do.  Why else post something involving "Intelligence" and "Character," two qualities everyone knows Mrs. DeVos lacks.

Good for you!
If you only practiced what he preached.
Betsy, you are so off base w/this quote. Public Schools take a child w/above average intelligence and deny them #FAPE b/c they are #dyslexic, does that build intelligence & character? NO! You (all) are DESTROYING our children w/NO ACTION, NO $ FUNDING, political BS. #Literacy4ALL
You and this administration are the antithesis of everything he stood for. You have no moral authority to even speak his name...#Resign
You make me sick! Quoting MLK when your charter school agenda will disenfranchise children of color and in lower social economic status.  The TOTAL OPPOSITE OF WHAT MLK STANDS FOR.
And you have neither intelligence nor character
Dr King want FAPE for all regardless of color, economic status or disability.  We are far from that #Autism #adhd #dyslexia #ptsd #dysgraphia
What has been the effect on students with special education needs as the charter industry tightens its grip on public education?
.
My Blog at:
http://thewire.k12newsnetwork.com/2018/02/23/how-have-charter-schools-affected-students-with-special-education-needs/ …
K he was one of the greats but that’s the past now!  The question is R U going to be one of the greats as well by ENDING COMMON CORE?  #EndCommonCore
Then please get rid of ESSA mandates and cut all fed ed financial incentives to the states! Common Core is failing our students and dumbing down our society! #stopfeded #USPIE
Neither of which are traits that you yourself possess. #RESIGN now!
MLK will surely be happy today if his foresight then on “intelligence and character” building in education has been delivered to the fullest via any learning source, be it home school, public, or private institutions without disparity, discrimination, etc.!???
Wow.  I’m not sure that you have the right to comment on MLK.  I mean you do but it’s in such bad taste from your privileged white millionaire  upbringing.  You just can’t relate .  Kind of makes me 
It is incredibly important that we remember, MLK was murdered because of his views in a DEEPLY divided country/time (like now). Instead of deepening them, @usedgov should enact policy that helps to diminish racism & other policies of inconsiderate treatment for ALL students.
part of advancing a brighter future for all our nation's students is giving all our nation's teachers the resources, and pay they deserve!
And Respect!
Did you just hashtag MLK50?
It appears so Griz. Now what? She is pawing for a mauling. Or maybe she loves bear claw pastries.
It is sad that you are so dumb and can’t ever answer a simple yes or no answer.
Take his name out of your mouth.

Too bad you represent neither of those qualities.
Two things that you lack Intelligent and character.
Shut up Bets and #resignNOW
You do know that he wanted to improve opportunities for all kids, right? Not just the rich, white, Christian ones...
That was a terrible year.
“Greed plus Grizzly Bear Prevention. That is the goal of this Secretary of Education.”
You need to resign....dumb box of rocks....

For our education to Include character we need to:

1. Include a study of 613 commandments from bible each school year.

2. Display the commandments all over the school. 

3. Pray in the schools daily.

Judges against these are unfit for duty and should be dismissed immediately!
Dr Martin Luther King would have hated this!  So would Jesus by the way!
*This* is why Oklahoma's teachers are on strike 
Then, there is the pre-school to prison pipeline. Uh my bad. Did I misspeak? Okay. On the other hand, when the graduate begins speaking for the rights of the undeserved, he is ostracized or erased from society. "I don't want a nation of thinkers...," Rockefeller
That in no way explains you Betsy DeVos,  Your legacy, she stay too long
Learn from his example amd stop school vouchers
I don't see the Intelligence nor the Character in the way Students are Acting these Days. It more like Mod Mentality!
Start behaving like him today!
Stop discriminating!!!!
And I bet he’s rolling over in his grave, so to speak, at what you’re doing.
Betsy is wise enough to know that the more the Left hates her, the better she is doing on the job.
Rot in hell.
Your brother is a criminal, and so are you.
https://www.forbes.com/forbes/welcome/?toURL=https://www.forbes.com/return-of-erik-prince/&refURL=https://t.co/rMoyJV4jUa&referrer=https://t.co/rMoyJV4jUa#4524656350aa …
Hypocrite much?
Betsy, quit and go back to Michigan   Learn performance of Schools and terms used in Education
We don't want her back here, either.
She forgot “as we work to resegregate more schools”.
You lack intelligence and character. You should probably step down.
Why then the last 50 years has not the Pub Ed system focused on intelligence & Character education? We all must ask ourselves this question. So many are quick to quote great statements by the deceased and yet they never in act these great nuggets of wisdom, same with Rev.B.Graham
There are over 100 PUBLIC SCHOOLS named for Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.  I suggest you observe his legacy by visiting one of them.  @BetsyDeVosED
I didn't know that people like you celebrated heroes of US, you are too busying help Pay Day Loan Companies and Fraudulent Colleges rape and crucify our kids with your USURY and Theft.
And destroying kids future with her policies on student loan companies, which she is highly vested in!
You purposely won't visit the schools that he would have stood up for. You started your position by saying HBUs were examples of choice, promoting your pro charter interest/investments, while grossly neglecting the purpose they needed to be created. You disgust me.
RESIGN!
RESIGN!
Really Betsy?  You GOP fools need to practice what you preach
Oh, look. Someone checked your tweet first today.
You lose on both points of Dr King’s quote. No intelligence, no character displayed in your attacks on public education.
Who tells U2 send out these tweets? who writes them for you? FOCUS! on our broken education system PLEASE! As you lay on a lounge chair on a beach somewhere our children are getting a education!!! stop kissing black babies and DO YOUR JOB or let someone who actually CARES
That quote is great, but coming from you; it makes a mockery of education.
Too bad you are doing the opposite of advancing
Keep up the great work Mrs Devos. Ignore the progressive racists. They are only good at deconstruction. They never build.
That's nice Betsy....hey Betsy
He was a communist, plagiarizer, and abuser of white women; to heck with him and you for acting like he was on our side.
Troll
Historically accurate troll.
If you possessed either of those, we’d be in good shape.
Watch Betsy DeVos Get Torn to Shreds for Her Pitiful Answers on Racism in Schools
Remember when the incompetent Betsy DeVos said HBCUs were "pioneers when it comes to school choice?" 

Betsy has #NoAuthorityOnThisTopic
Wow... Betsy, in your white affluent high school and college education, did you take ANY American History classes?  Wow.. they chose?  How about segregation chose for them... a bunch of rich white elites ... oh wait... not much has changed!
What the hell do you know about being intelligent and with character?  After all you got that job because your family paid for it.  Go away!

Follow the money

I love this.
MLK would have hated your guts
Crook...
How dare you even type his name, ass-clown?
