Yes--let's "rethink" your approach to charter schools, vouchers, privatizing schools, and funding public education. And let's "rethink" having a Secretary of Education who never attended a public school, sent her kids to a public school, or ever worked in a public school.
yeah, those darn kids want to learn something almost every day...ingrates. why can't they do more with less funding, like no other part of society has ever done in all of human history?

is that you, Betsy?
interesting that better funding helps everything but public education, isn't it?
name one idea she's had that's about a "better way to educate". it's always "choice and competition". neither of which has worked in Michigan.

I must insist that we rethink handing over the US Dept of Education to an inexperienced, uninformed, heiress who bought the position and is hellbent on destroying public education. In support of every student's safety and success I urge you to question your privilege and resign.
High Falootin Words. Please Describe What exact steps What Paradigm Shift and To What Fundamental Reorientation is Necessary? Where's the Beef? How About MoreTeachers Smaller Class Size? That would make a Huge Difference You should be Advocating More Money for School Districts
Did you start by questioning your own abilities and skills? If not, that's what you should do, and then resign. Save the kids from yourself!
Trolls on thread want students to learn  lies about the present & History.These ppl want every parents kid to be agst anyone w a different idea! I would start by looking at their school funds & the boost $ fed sent them. Like TX, Public got our $ instead of choice!
Ya know how some MOMAS GET? I’m still like those Moms! Never give up! LOL
Trump made a bad choice with your appointment. And now we know your brother and Russia made a deal to get you the job. Maybe the next secretary of education will support our schools instead of trying to dismantle them.
This from someone who has never worked in a classroom let alone the field of education. FYI paradigm shifts cost money.
Pay attention! She has worked voluntarily (without pay!!) for over a decade in public schools.
Yes, she has volunteered. She has helped individual families. That kindness is very admirable, but you cannot fix the system by purchasing one family a car. Short-sightedness from our Sec of Ed.
Get liberalism out of our schools. It's a cancer.
So glad (sarcasm) to see you quoting Stephen Covey from circa1988. (Circa means about) try finding something a little more this decade. (Decade means ten years ) #notastockphoto
I question what the hell those Senators were thinking when they confirmed you. Maybe THEY were scared of grizzlies.
Let's start with firing you.
These tweets do not actually come from your thought process.  Your a rich fake.
Can we start with less testing?
Then give public schools an actual budget to help students, so they don't have to reach into their own pockets.  What concept!
Successful effort to increase Academic Performance in One Minnesota School Teach all Elementary Students Piano.Learn to read Music.Develop Eye Hand Coordination Strengthen Memory. Use Right hand Left hand Feet for Separate Tasks. Dramatic Increase in Scores in All Subjects.
Instead of blaming and questioning teachers and educational leaders, why not work WITH us. Find out what is needed to help our students succeed. Innovation and change happens in our schools daily...you just need to take time to look!!!
Of Course Seriously Teaching Elementary School Students Piano across the nation requires Hiring Many Piano Teachers and buying Many Pianos and we would rather Give Massive Tax Cuts than Educate our Children
Leave Betsy alone! It’s hard enough to do the job when you are clearly not qualified, have no real experience or education in the area, but are a billionaire heiress who wants to play “teacher.” Disconnected, unqualified billionaires are people too!
I completely agree! What are your thoughts on how to shift? I work in a Title 1 school with too many kids and not enough teachers, resources, or support for challenging children. I invite you to my school to see for yourself!
We question YOU. Every day. Every action. Every inaction. Every statement. Every insult. Here's a paradigm shift for you: #resign.
#resign #RethinkDeVos
Did you mean Pyramid?  You know a lot about those!
Will a diverse group of current public school teachers be apart of the discussion?
I question YOUR leadership. How’s THAT?
Question every millionaire’s motives, in every situation, especially if they claim to be here to “help” you.
Then act.
For you that may be a paradigm shift. For most teachers, it has been a reality for years—unless there has not been enough money for materials, equipment!
OK. How someone as completely unqualified as yourself become Sec of Education?
You're pretty good at acting. Acting like you care. You are totally uneducated, unqualified & inexperienced. You prance around from one photo op to another. You don't deserve the job you have & when Trump goes down, so will you.
ARMED SECURITY at every entrance to every school in the country. will accept nothing less
Let's start at the top, and question the most unqualified individual in the whole scheme of things: The secretary of education (Ha, no seriously, she actually is!)
#BetsyDitzyDeVos
What the hell kind of Benadryl Cumberbutt crypto-craptastilogical gem of a tweet you got here Besty.  getting it done over there in the Department of Ed.
You’re using your Thesaurus!
Fund our schools. It’s never been done. Let’s try that.
KEEP YOU HANDS OFF PUBLUC EDUCATION YOU FRAUD
What does that mean? Charter schools where students mainly interact with computers instead of their teachers? Where test scores matter more than a student's overall success? Where children are penalized for being children?
I question why you're in your position, other than the little billionaire heiress pushes radical, fundamental, jihadist privatization & student loans that put people into deep debt-anything for you & your pals to make a buck
Hey lady! Shift this!!
Allow STEM to be the focal point in which we teach.  If your generation wants to help ours push the future, let's use logic and testable hypotheses to drive our success.  You're the person in charge.  Be in charge. #STEM #SecularValues #Secular #future #Religions
Get bullshit religion out of schools. Teach facts, teach how to think independently. So nobody has to grow up in servitude.
Yes, we must act now! The #GOP must make a decision to be #ProLife AFTER birth. #GunControlNow #GunReformNow
I agree
Rethink is forward future education

Because public schools have many issues interrupting education

The "walk out" for students & staff scheduled March 14,2018
Protesting& gun regulation 

Is inappropriate for underage kids kids

CA needs better leadership

"Question everything"

How on earth did you get this job?
What we question most is you.   DESTROYING protection against rape on campus, DESTROYING protection against ASSAULT WEAPONS in our schools.  SHAME ON YOU!
How about #GunControl so they can learn and not die in school
I question you! You are not good for publuc education.
Where's the thumbs down button
"Are these walls real? Could students really be aliens? Is ketchup a vegetable?"  We can probably narrow the breadth from "everything."   When a lack of facts,  effort and focus are your foundation it is no wonder those with whom you seek to build crumble.
Words are not actions. Words can lead to action, but not without leadership. Our ears are filled with your vapidness. Go "do", and then speak. It might earn you the respect you desire and a tangible legacy.
Umm, are you okay?This tweet makes you sounds paranoid and confused at the same time. Did you see something that that made you rethink giving public tax dollars to corrupt, unmonitored, and underachieving charter schools? It’s about time you started questioning them...
How about thinking of actually funding... rethink what funding would do,
Aaannndddd, we’re going to cut your budgets in half. So you better start coming up with a plan now....
We should bring more awareness for college education and FAFSA.Student and Parents should receive right guidance and knowledge about Federal Financial Aid Programs.
Our teachers are questioned about every breath they take. Let them teach!!! Stop taking their planning time. Stop forcing stupid teaching strategies on them and let them teach the way that is best for their students.
Yet you want each child ranked and standardized. Get educated on the issues
What does that mean?
How about this shift - RESIGN!  Your brother along with this trump criminal family are going down!
I desperately need to speak to a aid of your office.
Please resign, you horrible, horrible person!!!
Paradigm Shift: Euphemism for vouchers, unaccountable charters, union busting, creationism (among other ridiculous pseudosciences), and gimmicks (usually advocated by people who have no idea what they are talking about)
The one question on everyone's mind is why aren't you gone yet?
On your mark, get set, GO! I have supported and watched you for a year now. Overhaul public education now! Teachers Unions be damned. Then shut down US Dept of Education. States and parents step up. Then, be sure to turn the lights off on your way out!
What is upsetting so many people is that you assume teachers are not teaching. You do not have a clue what it takes to teach at risk students.

Aren’t you in charge?
she thinks she is....
For starters: I question your qualifications to lead the USDOE, given that you have no experience in public education and around 90% of our country’s children attend public schools.
Question it?!  That's like question the existence of the sun. She's another example of someone being given money and status and convincing themselves they earned it.
Then you must also think of the special needs, low income, and immigrant children. Somethings your new plans leaves out.
Stop allowing states to say that homeschooling is child abuse! We as parents have the right to choose what form of education works for our family
If there was only some pedagogical language that said the same thing...
NO VOUCHERS ! NOT EVER LADY !
Make students the priority
Independent oversight of administration & BOE.
Independent audits of districts.
Enforce policies & laws for staff misconduct & make public
Give parents a voice in proceedings 
Our district is a cesspool & could use it. @APSuperREP #NJed
When will talks be replaced by action? Let me help u out. 1st reverse the No Child Left Behind rule. Better for them to be held back then pushed forward. 2nd Scrap the core math it is ridiculous. 3rd stop using MEAP scores to measure success. Last make PS funding 1st on budget
You're confusing her by offering actionable solutions. Those require effort. When the world has handed you everything, as it has her, it is hard to even conceptualize effort's necessity.
Nice word salad. What's the grift, Betsy?
Let a folk pray to an emty universe, teach kids that evolution is a hoax and the fear of hell and the Position on the Idea of Religious Freedom of the Constitution can change. Next Republican voter generation in the making?

https://youtu.be/FsxlqkO1iV4  via @YouTube
Republicans and right Evangelicals use the Fear of Hell for the unenlightened folk like in the times of the Middle Ages to inflame that pseudo-moral majority and right-leaning Christians into the voting booth. Enlightenment thinkers made America great and not evolution deniers!
Great concept, how do you propose we do this? You’re already dismantling the fundamental safety for our students.
Hopefully you can bring your vast experience in public education to bare. Cough. Cough.
Coming from someone not even in the educational field is simply moronic 
Translation. I have no idea what I'm doing and I had to have help spelling the big words.  All I know is that I own private schools and I want more money so I'd like to privatize education please.
We must rethink how we can better support EVERY student in their academic and personal success, including the most disadvantaged. The public school structure is in place for that reason- to give EVERYONE a shot at excellence.
Agree. Does this mean you’re putting in your letter of resignation to @realDonaldTrump today so that someone who is qualified can be Secretary of Ed? Please let this be true - I need some good news today.
Hahaha
Start by getting a qualified Sec of Ed.
#BoughtAndPaidFor
#VOTEOUTGOP
#NRAWHORE
Ok, what’s your plan? Your the Education Secretary! Do your job !
The plan is to fill the air with buzzwords while not actually doing anything. Actions take effort. " I think I'll just ride around on my private jet and say words, words that feel good to hear. Paradigm shift...ahhh, that's the stuff.  I'm so good at this".
You are a joke.
Then please enlighten us. What's your plan? After all, you are the secretary.
We must pursue how such an unqualified person got this job. Resign.
I am a high school librarian in NC...would love to talk to you about the importance and value of school libraries for all students!!  #HSTreads #HSTcreates @NCSLMA
I own a home in GRPS but had to send my youngest out-of-district due to the state of our district's schools. Thanks to you and your family destroying it with "schools of choice".  We should sue.
Yes, act now. Resign. For the sake of our kids.
And improve it. Not send the money to private schools.
Speaking of rethinks, me thinks you should resign and let someone who actually knows what they are talking about & who actually knows what they are doing. @BetsyDeVosED u are so unqualified & have no idea what you're talking about. #QuitNow
#Seriously!
I question what you are doing in a job you are clearly unqualified for. But, unlike those who are educated and critical thinkers, you just go for power and privilege, eh? #pathetic #resign
I'm sorry, paradigm, isn't that just a word dumb people use to sound important? @thatbilloakley
Excellent use of corporate buzzwords
So resign. What are you waiting for?
How about we rethink your Brother Eriks antics, now what was the name of his company, did he attend 1 of your schools, just checking
Agree 100 percent Betsy!

Are you still here?
She has no knowledge of how a public school function. And never attended a public school. But got the nerves to think she knows what she is doing. RESIGN...
Please act quickly.  I support you 100 percent.
Sweetie Pie, why don’t you try fixing JUST ONE inner city failing minority schools. In the entire country. Can you make one school better? How bout you stop talking and ACT. We see you.
*school.
We must wonder, how do you profit financially? Hmmm?
AMWAY Pyramid family, and many other behind the scenes transactions
What are you referring to???  I KNOW in Michigan, education is a thing of the past with lovely Snyder as our governer
Like... what does this even mean?
YOU NEVER EVEN TAUGHT A CLASS WTH DO YOU KNOW!
This is entirely vague. Are you talking about middle class taxpayers funding private education for the wealthy again?
It’s cute when you try to use buzz words so you can pretend that you know anything about education.
Yes, a paradigm shift is needed! Beginning Feb. 7, 2017, and numerous times since, emailed a positive opportunity for all students!  https://goo.gl/kQ1WXY   Sadly, the only reply sent has been to 'follow' you and the @usedgov on social media. When is your kind reply anticipated?
You are absolutely correct. Education has been insulated for so long by insiders who believed they were beyond reproach. Turn a spotlight on everything. “Sunlight is the greatest disinfectant”. Clean house Madame Secretary. America supports @BetsyDeVosED
How many public schools have you visited? How aware are you of the work that is happening in our country’s schools? In what way would you like a paradigm shift to occur? You speak in vague phrases which emphasize your lack of knowledge of our nation’s school system & it’s needs.
Can we think of a way to help our kids relax to learn and not go to school in fear of being shot or killed?? Can we rethink that??
Thank you for your leadership and dedication to our children and their future.  Technology is dramatically changing our Society and our children need to be prepared to function in it.
Go!
We are trying to act now, trying to show you now! Your staff says you don't need to be bothered with this!!! https://studentrunbusiness.com  You need a new staff! They only show you what they think you need to see...and they call themselves experts haha...
Years of reported poor school performance - what are the solutions?  Agree with true paradigm shift - but where do we go from here?  Part of solution should include encouraging more family involvement.  Families, do not abdicate your role as primary educators
Start with #GunControl so they live long enough to get an education. #NeverAgain
Betsy has the difficult task of changing the schools from being propaganda arms of the baby murdering democrats, and restarting them to teach unbiased truth in all subject areas.

Amen to that Betsy!
Does that include better and stricter gun legislation including more rigorous background checks and increasing minimum age to acquire massive weapons of destruction? Kids under 21 shouldn’t be able to carry & I’m from Utah.
Yeah we need to rethink who the FUCK we allowed to mess up our education system. That’s you, sweetheart. GET OUT. LITERALLY EVERYONE THINKS YOU’RE A JOKE.
You can start with the food they are offered. It’s complete garbage. I wouldn’t let my pet eat this processed crap!
You are easily the most inept presidential appointee ever
Many of us in public education are questioning how you became Secretary of Education...oh wait, having money over qualifications.
What does this vapid comment even mean? And when have you ever questioned anything ?
Exactly what are you even talking about?
Get rid of common corp,  and start using common sense
Did you even read how stupid that sounded?  Your idea of rethinking is to make schools private so you can make money.  You are woefully unquified for this job
I’ve worked in schools with many family and close friends who are seasoned teachers.  I’m so tired hearing non teachers trying to tell teachers how to do their jobs.
Call me. Let’s go over it
It would sure be nice to see just one post by @BetsyDeVosED not being bullied and harassed by teachers. So much Hate in the teachers and they spread that to the classroom. Kids don't have a chance. So frkn SAD.
Then do it. All schools should have the same academic no more no less. All schools should be equal to one another
Question everything?!? Including teachers? Don't they have enough to do?
Hi Betsy. We tried that but is hard working with a school officials. They are using the special education as a treat, every day is a harassment on us. Principal is yelling, teachers with ignorance at parents who are not accepting special ed.
Please act quickly. We’re losing our children.
If your paradigm shift includes Jesus and not teaching evolution, we don't need it.
How can I help you here in my area. I am a school teacher.
The nea is poison. We must abolish the nea for the nation to survive. Piss on them
What’s a “rethink?” My son is in IE in a public preschool, and he’s doing GREAT! I wouldn’t change a damn thing.
Instead of tweeting what seem to be an ill attempt at creating impactful statements why don’t you act like a real secretary of ed and get your boots on the ground in WV and help get the kids back in school by proposing solutions to end the strike?
Stop mandatory federal testing. All it does is waste teachers' time.
I think we've all been rethinking why you're in your position and how you got there#clueless
Every time you open your mouth or write a tweet, you are insulting the intelligence of all REAL educators.
Betsy, you are not qualified for this position! RESIGN
Where are we on school vouchers to rescue kids from the insanity
How about we start with guns?
Go back to teaching military history and patriotism in schools.
Fixing education system is not simply changing, it must be scientifically based using experienced people to lead change. We have been putting out young teachers very well prepared for this, time to listen to them too! Also get boss to spend money on Ed not parades/walls
@realDonaldTrump A paradigm shift is fine as long as we have a mix of old and new teachers and principles from across the country giving input. Medicine comes up with scientific based guidelines, use this method. Also you must support multimagazine gun bans and no guns in schools
Some of us have been trying to act 4 many years now. It is amazing how much people like to fight and use our children as Pawns in some political game. Children are never a tool to be used! If you want things better put the kids first and the politics last.
So that schools can make you more money?
What exactly do you have in mind? Safety from guns? Other?
Vouchers now!
Public school should not accept illegal immigrants. @ICEgov should check all public schools for students, staffs, and faculties and clean up all illegal immigrants.
We must first check this administration, and follow the money it starts at the Top
Again, b/c I have asked this before. Get yourself inside an actual public school. First learn the existing paradigm before you start shifting. Talk to the teachers, students, & parents. Stop spouting jargon. Why are you afraid to meet with schools?? #NoBearsAtMySchool
What you mean is "we need to move away from a system where we try to educate all citizens on the premise that an educated populace lifts all of us, and instead find a way to extort money from people for the "privilege" of getting an education.
Oh, Betsy. You are such an amateur.
Yes!  Parents need to take back the schools. And when we try- it’s really hell for the kids, families. Rural America needs a rescue-nepotism!!!
Top 10 Reasons School Choice Is No Choice | In reality, it’s just a scam to make private schools cheaper for rich people, further erode the public school system and allow for-profit corps to gobble up education dollars meant to help children succeed.
Yes, the Republican tax bill would help rich parents send their kids to private school - The Washington Post
Michigan Gambled on Charter Schools. Its Children Lost. - The New York Times
DeVos voucher plan would exacerbate educational inequality | TheHill
Vouchers do not improve student achievement, Stanford researcher finds | Stanford News
DeVos champions online charter schools, but the results are poor
YES! Let’s start by funding schools well- what a change that would be!
By all means, let’s continue wasting taxpayer dollars by throwing even more money down the drain with subpar results. Sounds like a winning idea there (heavy sarcasm).
I think you’ve made the point excellently- if schools were better funded, they could accomplish more.  You’ve only reiterated that the poorly funded system isn’t working as is.
How about gun control?  No... move on Betsy.
I agree but the people who are making the decisions have never taught in a low economic public school. The standards are not developmental appropriate, students basic needs are not being met and teachers are overwhelmed.
Um....what "work"?
Exactly, she has done NOTHING except float more pie in the sky, money making schemes for her charter school pals...typical capitalist--USELESS!
They are designed to fail (see Common Core, Pearson testing, PARCC exams, ets.). That is what happens when you let dirty capitalist pigs get their hands on a what should be a public entity.
Yup. Let’s start by re-thinking the appointment of an unqualified thumper as head of the DOE.
The NAACP backs up its call for a moratorium on charter schools with something often missing in today's political environment - #facts.
Return the studies, civics, respect and social behavior. Biblical studies, historical but NOT religious. The phrase In God we trust, at the entrance of the schools. Prohibit the word F ... and never again the Finger Signal. Think about that. No need arms at the schools.
#WeCallBS to @BetsyVosED #Trump lackey, ignoramous about #publiceducation, school privatizer in chief, calling for "rethink." #WeChoose
You need to #resign.  You are a fraud and a con.
Step 1.  Resign
You. Don't. Have. A. Clue. #DumpDeVos
How about adequate and equitable funding for public schools? Oh, that's right. Public schools don't line your pockets. #DumpDeVos #ConflictOfInterest
Maybe learn from schools that work? Like those in Finland? #DumpDeVos
Hard for students to succeed when they get shot in the classroom.  Arm teachers with resources, not with lethal weapons.
