All our public schools in AZ are closed today while our teachers strike, but great work with the weird Christian private school your job has little to do with.  It must be fun to be the most obtuse government official of all time.
How about welcoming public schools?
How about visiting low performing, underfunded schools?
How about just doing that in your own state?
How about you just fucking resign already?
U DON'T MAKE ANYONE PROUD. I DON'T WANT TO SEE U TYPE MY STATE'S NAME AGAIN!! U DON'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT EDUCATION!! #RESIGN
#FIREBETSYDEVOS
#VoteThemOut2018 
#BlueTsunami2018 
#TheResistance
I’m with you. Michigan alum but Betsy hater. I stand with you. And Michigan is my adopted state since Missouri is so completely fucked up.
Oh look, you met with students from a Christian charter school in Michigan. Have you had time to visit any public schools yet?? #resign
How 'bout an inner city school from Detroit or Flint?  How's Erik?
A*christian* school. Where are the students from under performing public schools in Michigan? They have successful, beautiful students too
#publicschoolteacher
You are so far over your head and dangerous   Please resign and get a qualified replacement which may be an oxymoron with this administration
She probably doesn’t know what an oxymoron is.
A majority white Christian private school. Nice job under representing the rest of the Nation @BetsyDeVosED #unqualified for the position you hold!
I see you are hard at work addressing school safety. Great work. NOT!!!  Why don’t you step aside and let a real educator in.
Why are you advertising visiting with students from an evangelical Christian school? How about focusing on what you can do to help public schools?
Most out here post negative comments without claim backup. Haven't had the job for much more than a year but they want a system fix or truth-just more money where its NOT needed. Same people out here sense she got the job. With no debate, just pandering. Weak
Not ignorant. Very informed. And your reply makes my point. The problem she faces is 40 years in the making. Not going to be fixed overnight, go to City Hall, see what teachers make for 6 months work at a 6 hour work day + benefits. Now...your wage yearly.
What have you done for their peers in Flint who still have drinking water issues? You’re there for ALL children Betsy. Can children learn without access to safe drinking water in school and at home?
How many of them tore you a new one for your boneheaded policies?
You should meet the @SPSLearners who come to DC every June. They have dreams for the future and incredible interest in public service as well.
You make not only Michigan, but all of America sad
I'm not. You speak for you and you alone.
Actually I speak for the majority.  God bless
You have issues. You do not speak for others. seek help
One thing we can agree with Randy, I do have issues, as well as millions of Americans.  November will be a step in the right direction.  God bless
#BetsyDeVaster, you do not make America proud.
America hates you.
Pandering to the home folks is easy and fun, yes? Resign. You are in over your head.
RESIGN you dim-witted human #fail
What a surprise! You invited students from a private Christian school to be your photo opportunity for the day, still trying to advance your religious agenda.
Was their first request structured literacy so all can read?  That would be a great start Bets.  In case you haven’t been briefed, our nation is in a full blown literacy crisis.  Check the stats.  It’s disgraceful to put it lightly.  We are failing our kids.  FACT.
Wow!  A Jesus school that you've donated millions to gets your attention. What a shock.
You only care about kids from rich families that can afford to go to private schools.
Yeah it’s awesome when today’s youth come into voting age and elected service and reverse your policies.  Hey there was a bear sighting in San Diego... are the schools safe? 
What about the dreams that kids have who cannot wait 4 years to attend a school capable of raising $4 million to brainwash little minds with religious dogma. Your pseudo-1% education philosophies are truly sickening!
So the students have to come to you.  Could you at least make an attempt to work on America's school system?
The Potter's House is a PRIVATE EVANGELICAL school. @BetsyDeVosED, what are you doing promoting this?  What happened to separation between church and state?
You’re an ugly human being, inside and out.
You are just literally the WORST. #resign
Too bad it wasn’t the Harry Potter House. Then they could turn you into something more useful, like a toad.
And you make Michigan ashamed.  Resign.
I'm sure these are wonderful students. You would do a public service to visit or host the wonderful students at public, nonreligious schools.
Hopefully their education survives your idiotic and corrupt tenure.
Sad that you attempt to justify your role by co-opting the dreams of eighth-graders. You're a shill for for-profit charters and student loan scalpers. Resign today.
You make America cringe, you should resign.
Oink

I hope they didn’t have to listen to you speak. You don’t deserve your job.
How about visiting those under performing non religious schools you spoke about on 60 minutes? Resign, you're a disgrace.
Hopefully they were able to teach you a lot.
Dreams and future of you resigning
.
M
O
R
O
N
.
U
N
Q
U
A
L
I
F
I
E
D
#RESIGN #YOUMAKEJESUSCRY
Too bad 8th graders talk so far over your head.
Evil witch
Why don't you tell them about how you want to cut student aid and to start preparing for insurmountable debt if they attempt to go to college?  How does it feel to be on the wrong side of history? #WorstAdministrationEver #OnlyAMatterOfTime
That TD Jakes thing? Are you serious? What about education?
I am sure she would love to share her thoughts concerning public education.
She is the best Pamela Barnes Prattville High AL
My daughter is a high school and I believe they have the students best interest at heart.
I would really love to see you speak to more teacher
Try Talcott Mountain Science Center in Avon CT...most amazing primary/middle school you’ll ever see!
photo opp what have you really done to make Public ED  Better?
You’re trying to “look good” on paper and you can’t even do that. You’re a failure, just like you’re failing public schools. Go visit an actual failing public school and maybe we would have more respect for you.
Most of them look miserable to be near you. So happy that a private religious school is the only school you have time for. 540 kids, Pre-K - 12, who get over $4 million a year spent on their "Christ-based education." That's diversity? You're an abomination! #LockHerUp
Please consider cameras in all classrooms.
You're Dutch but man you ain't much. Just some dumb rich lady who was born into wealth...not unlike tRUMP.  Can't wait to see you go away.
Did they ask how much you loved being a teacher...lol
HIDDEN CAM: Union City NJEA Protects "Teacher Who Had Sex" w/ Student
When are you going to visit the schools that need the most help and address their needs

On day two of our continuing investigation into Teachers Unions across America, we are back in New Jersey.  The video you are about to see and hear shocked and deeply disturbed us.…
Hopefully they weren't learning anything from you. If u did, their teachers will have 2 explain y u r wrong.
Someone should read all of these tweets and then someone with a brain should actually advise the secretary of education for the public school system to do something on help our schools. Seriously who runs this Twitter account?
Resign
You DONT make Michigan proud.

You are pathetic.
Wow a Christian school. How about a public school?
Great report Betsy!

She is the poster person of the century for wealth is a matter of luck & not anything else. STUPID is primarily not a matter of variables such as wealth, education or genetics. People protecting you & starting out with 10 million or more seems to be the most important variables.
I am glad DeVos can't speak or lie very well. She has never been in a "poor folks" school, not even a white one! Her policies segregated those gender identity folks & made college rape much easier than when she arrived. Her command of the facts is very limited & inspired protests
Betsy is moving toward privatization of education in the US: insatiable greed & moral flexibility" Winners are egotistical, arrogant & self-indulgent. profits for the 1% usurp educating the bottom 90%. Ivy League Business 101: Profits "winner takes all" mindset rationalizing.
Omg you are still around???? Please just go away
How about making even a cursory attempt to appear the least bit interested in ANYTHING involving Public Schools...anything. Jesus!  POTTER’S HOUSE? Hope they pray that you will RESIGN.
You sure are a glutton for punishment!! I hope you read what people are saying and take their advice and resign. You are a terrible human being.
Is Potter’s House a charter school?
You are a horrible person. Get out of DC.

Too bad you don’t.
Glad they're interested in public service. They are the ones who will have to fix everything you fucked up so their kids have the education to compete in a global economy.
Have you visited an underperforming, poor school yet to see what extra challenges they have yet? We’re still waiting! You can bring security with you if you’re scared. @SenAlexander
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Betsy, once again YOURE DOING NOTHING FOR OUR FAILING SCHOOL SYSTEM!!!  You just travel and make it look like you’re helping. Uh, NOT!  Time to fire your ass and PUT EXPERIENCE IN THE POSITION!!  Hell, I VOLUNTEER!!
Is this a charter or a public school? Did you give them money or take it away?
Its a private religious school she's personally donated millions to.
They are probably all smarter than you too.
ah, public service == more peasants you can exploit, eh, Bets? Ya gonna encourage them to go into teaching and make peanuts for the "sake of the children"?
Visit schools in the projects. Oh I forgot you are to good for that. Think deep inside and you truly believe you know what’s going on than GOD HELP US.
Seriously? You can't find an inner city school to host? 
Please for the sake of our children's education, resign.
#BitchBetsyDeVos please just go away so ALL of our children can have a chance at a quality education, and not just those with $$$ and sharing your religious beliefs. ALL CHILDREN MATTER!!! Not just rich white kids. #DumpDeVos.
Don the Con:
Trump's health reports are a con job
Trump's net worth claims are a con job
Trump's tax return audit is a con job
Trump University was a con job
Trump's foundation was a con job
Trump's birtherism was a con job
Trump's deferments were a con job
Church and State. Supposed to be SEPARATE Betsy!!!
  You’re as phony as Trump.
#StopCommonCore  Betsy.
Thanks Betsy.  Love you.
