For Betsy DeVos, education is a lifelong pursuit of profiting off kids.
You. Have . No. Experience. In. Education.
So you're going to quote the Reagan institute...the same guy that in 1980 campaigned for the presidency on a platform that included abolishing the U.S. Department of Education.....man you're having a blonde moment right now
Public school educators know that learning is a life long pursuit!!! Why don’t you?
Said the pot to the kettle.
You shouldn't be retweeting this, @BetsyDeVosED... They were instructing you should try to learn new things, even at your advanced age.
#kakistocracy
Reagan also supported mandatory prayer in the public schools. I assume you would support that also 
That is true. Every day I learn more than I teach. And my students killed their last Algebra test!
Take your own advice
There's still time to take some classes, Betsy. You're never too old!
I could not agree more!

In order to do this, America needs a knowledgeable Secretary of Education and @BetsyDeVosED IS NOT IT.
Then don't discriminate against #specialneeds kids by denying the right to an #education.  A lifelong pursuit means giving #accessibility to the SAME #oppurtuinites. The opposite is ignoring children due to $, ignoring #violence due to $. #greed is a strong motivator ♡ to #lie

I always suspected the problem with PUBLIC SCHOOLS was the TEACHERS . Thanks, Glenn !  #SATURDAYMORNING @BetsyDeVosED https://twitter.com/GlennMorrisUSA/status/985184862553419777 …
please Betsy...just shut up.
Yet ur funding a group countering teachers on strike
Betsy DeVos is anti-learning. Worst possible person to be Secretary of Education. She's anti-science, anti-history, anti-education. Her idea of education is Bible study, and nothing else.
To hell with standardized tests. Look at what we R actually teaching. Kids know nothing of our Constitution, they R learning Socialism is cool, do not know a thing about WW2, the Nazi's, the Soviet Union, How 2read. Hell I am 48 went back to college, students dont know how 2 read
Buuuuut only if you can afford it past 12th grade.
That's part of the emanation/epiphany that came to me 12 years ago to help evolve the world, in an effort to prevent early #Mashiach coming and instead push it out all the way to 6000 HCY, 222 years from now @tbn
It is not just a concept, it is an esoteric metaphysical reality which is impending for 6-9 years from now; I know all the PHD's and especially the Theologians and or Kabbalah experts know what I'm stating @thr
We are so proud to support the AHA’s Get Moving campaign, by volunteering and donating exercise equipment to Utica schools.
