

What is wrong with you? #TrumpCrimeFamily
Why don't you share some of that conversation with the public? I bet it's just talk and no solutions. You're a disgrace to education, and you've failed teachers nationwide with no reprisal. Fuck you.
ALL students deserve our very best.

DeVos rescinds 72 guidance documents outlining rights for disabled students - The Washington Post
Schools began ignoring rape reports after DeVos' campus sexual assault policy changes, lawsuit says https://www.dailykos.com/story/2018/1/29/1736910/-Schools-began-ignoring-rape-reports-after-DeVos-campus-sexual-assault-policy-changes-lawsuit-says … …
Senate Democrats 'deeply troubled' by 'racist, bigoted' views shared by Trump education appointees http://politi.co/2jYsGeb  via @politico
Teachers' groups give DeVos an 'F'
I give teacher groups an F!
LOL!! But I bet you want to arm them though! 
Oh wait, my bad, they already do that & worse. They've taught our kids to hate Trump & to attack Betsy DeVos while also teaching them to self loathe & strip themselves of their creator given rights. Remember the foaming at the mouth teachers chasing DeVos down last yr in DC?
You know NOTHING about education. You bought your job.
You lying hypocrite! You’ve just slashed ed services to US military returning wounded/disabled veterans by rescinding 72 documents outlining rights & services for disabled students. Do you NOT know what the Rehabilitation Services Administration is?!?
ALL students deserve the very best. And the very best isn't you.
Then why are  you trying to dismiss cases involving black students in Texas Bets?
Unless there are civil rights complaints. Then @BetsyDeVosED will just brush them under the rug, along with all the real world FACTS about her lil voucher programs
Oh Betsy, you should go back to school to learn the basics of ethics, honesty, service, compassion, and integrity as you most obviously were not taught any of these things judging by your actions.

It is about time Betsy does something about the public school brain washing of our youth. We need more private schools that aren’t corrupted by our unions
Yeah so privileged white kids can only attend privatized dumbed down trump university type of indoctrination , no wonder trumptards are shooting up schools . 
You left us hanging in limbo. Your a disgrace
https://www.facebook.com/BlueAmerica1/posts/1572687716162527 … ur a disgrace. Disabled kids need more support, not less! This is totally disgusting. #firedevoss
Anniversary of Columbine. No comment - no even insincere comment about how far we've come. No comment on the Student walkout.
Expect more & more of this sort of thing as DeVos & friends replace real teachers in real schools with unqualified "teachers" (i.e., racists & bigots) in charter "schools" (i.e., indoctrination camps).
What about the poor underperforming schools?! When will you visit them?
you have ugly knees betsy...so common...homely.

meh.
That  is ugly. Your not in the right position you should be looking at your palm palms and getting cookies from crooks cookies. I don't like you
Another photo op Madame Secretary? Do something of substance for these children of our revered military.



How about regulating your pet charter schools? A teacher in Texas assigned students to list the positive aspects of slavery. Luckily, the school responded quickly. Will you hold these schools accountable for such racist practices?
Betsy great job visit us in San Bernardino Technical Employment Training Inc.









for the sake of Education for the sake of intelligent teachers and students for the sake of DOE, for the sake of USA. RESIGN!
You are the absolute worst. #Resign
But they only deserve the best if it gives YOU more money? Am I right?!
So let me get it straight, you have not resigned as yet to benefit American education????
You are unqualified and a burden for for all of us. Wish we could dismiss you from office
All children and students deserve the best. And that's why most Americans think it's in the best interest of students every where that Boughtsy DeVos resign due to her proven incompetence time and time again. She's a selfish cow in it for herself.
What about the thousands of DACA students?  It is all in the not done.
All children deserve a great education. SMH at your pandering
GET OUT! Disgraceful hack!
Shame on you!
ALL children deserve the best. Just saying...
Dear mrs devos I hope your plans include stopping common core leftists brainwashing teaching please ty gb
Resign.

As a former DoDea teacher I am grateful for the services provided for students of military members. Let us serve all students in our country not just those supported by this inept administration.
Don’t all students deserve our very best?
and yet you continue to cut funding.
Go home Betty!
I agree! this is part of our very best https://studentrunbusiness.com  
I am a vet...

If kids & families deserve the nest, then resign. Someone with an Education background is needed. Not someone who bought their position.
Nope.
Great since you haven’t been in a classroom, maybe they can teach you something
Have you even talked to anyone about school security yet???
Betsy DeVos is NOT for the welfare of students or teachers.
They do deserve the very best, which isn't you.
They deserve much better than you!!
What are we doing about the textbooks containing political propaganda that is being shoved down our childrens throats?  This needs to be fixed immediately!
The best thing that could help them is having you replaced with someone who actually didn't buy their position and has education experience . Devos .. Fail . So sad .. Look at the bright side you can still play on the slide at recess
It’s been over a year and we still have #commoncore. Let’s fix this #liberal mess.
republikans hate teachers, education and schools, cause recessions and dont know how to govern. #rightwingmess
The US K-12 (Public School System) population is about 50 Million Students. But good on you for helping this 70,000! Start small right. I’m a bear and math was never a strength so maybe someone can help me with the stats here.
They deserve a hell of a lot better than someone who took this position to “see a return on her investment”.
so, i guess you believe they deserve the junk science, fundamentalist Christian "education" you're shoving down our throats free -- a priceless "gift" guaranteed to doom their post-military career if they want to do anything in health sciences or reality. Have I got that right?
@BetsyDeVosED - Stick to selling soap at Amway, or go hang with your brother treasonous Eric Prince on some foreign land. NO ONE LIKES YOU!!!

Betsy DeVos is as qualified to be Trumps’s Secretary of Education, as I am qualified to give birth to a child as a male- no way do EITHER of us posses the capacity to succeed!!! #BuhByeBitchBetsyDeVos
Thank you for serving our country, and our president. And our military families! #MAGA
Bot. Bot. Bot.
So does every other student, Betsy. Not just the elite.
I APPRECIATE UR EFFORT, BUT WHEN ARE U GOING  TO FIX OUR BROKEN EDUCATION SYSTEM ???  FORCED LIBERAL PROFESSORS, ARE BRINGING THIS COUNTRIES FUTURE DOWN ! WHERES THE HOUSE CLEANING U PROMISED, TRUMP, AND THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ???FREE SPEECH IS DIEING, UNDER UR TENURE
The very best?! Then why are YOU there? You’re not even a teacher.
Going to cut funding there too?? Not impressed with your photo ops...trying working 
BEST WISDOM 4 Children grades 2-12 FREE http://aimhightips.com     
http://www.aimhighteentips.com/aim48manners.html … … …
ALL of our students deserve the very best no matter who they are connected to! You can't give it to them because you clearly don't have ALL of our students at the top of your priorities. RESIGN NOW!
ALL students deserve our very best. ALL of them. Not sure if you realize you should be an advocate for ALL of them, so I wanted to state the obvious for you.
So then why are they didhonored by @realDonaldTrump. He allowed you to buy your seat, completely unqualified,  when 1000s of veterans in the classroom were better qualified. Complete dishonor . #RethinkDeVos
You are the worst secretary of education to ever serve in that position. Media/photo ops with families that are Trump supporters won’t hide or change the fact that you have no idea & you probably don’t care, what your position is responsible for.
Betsy, what about ALL OUR CHILDREN?!?  Again, you’ve done NOTHING to help our teachers abilities or schools to IMPROVE the deplorable conditions and lack of funding to DO A PROPER JOB!  @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump need to REPLACE YOU! You are a HORRIBLE representative!!
Great news Betsy!
Your "very best" is greatly lacking. Revisit your 60 Minutes interview, as well as your Congressional appointment interview, for starters.
Sounds of jealousy......
Not at all. Retired teacher...she is clueless. Sorry if you don't agree.
I understand...... but am so tired of bored out of their mind 10th grade unionized English teachers thinking they have all the answers. The kids will answer that for you ...they don't
Not too late to make my day a joyful one by turning in ur RESIGNATION. I would really appreciate ur cooperation on this.
Miss Devos, please look into the indoctrination of our youths, please check the way teachers are brainwashing our kids to hate our country and our current president!!! PLEASE DO something about this,  this will ruin our country!!
Most military families are opposed to vouchers (just like most of America). Resign today.
Just resign- you’re beyond unfit and a joke.
Provide more housing and welfare to student
Like a Secretary of Education with applicable experience and personal integrity perhaps?
Wish you were in charge when I was growing up.
Here is an argument for #commoncore if there ever was one.  These kids come back to stateside schools and the differences in level is amazing. A core set of standards for DoD schools would assist the tradition back and forth.  Think about it.

Yes, they deserve our very best. Know who else does? All of our nation's children enrolled in our pub edu. So , why are you still in this appointed post, Secretary Scamway? Resign.
Charter Schools + Military Students = ?
CHARTER  MILITARY!  Betsy hit on something here.
<Googling DeVos>
<reading about her brother>
.
.
.
.
.
I guess "charter military" has already been tried.
Let students wear what they want! @YouthRights! - would be more than happy to discuss this issue further!!!!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDgAZO_5U_U … check out this link - uniforms and dress codes need to go!
Ametica Hates You.
I don’t know where Ametica is, but we love her in America.
Sorry - I was home schooled. Praise Jesus!
