If you believed this as strongly as you say you do, you would donate all of your time and money to open private schools where attendance would be free. You can't expect people to do things like this if you don't do it yourself!
This list is so telling and so disturbing. Your priorities are astounding and your lack of knowledge of about teaching and learning is infuriating.
Good point Ms DeVos.  Now will you please secure our schools from student deaths and reduce the cost of higher education so average Americans can get a college education.


That because people like you suck the $$ out of our hard money that we earn honestly.  Your wealth is dishonestly made by stealing from us
It is telling that you list entrepreneurs before teachers 
And where are these “donors” I’m still buying glue pencils paper and expo markers. My children (oldest is 19) have never seems a chalkboard. You need to update your stock photo.
Thank you for confirming that your gov't will be of absolutely NO use to helping the future of your country.
It’s not coming from you or for-profit schools or schools with no accountability. Keep Public funds for public schools for all children!!
Interesting how you put entrepreneurs and philanthropists before teachers.  Smdh.  I thought I couldn’t be more offended by you, but I was wrong.
Are you saying entrepreneurs and philanthropists are among those closest to students? And that they know what children really need?
Right?? Why are teachers and parents listed last??
Obviously what students really need won't originate in Washington.  Nothing effective is going on there during this administration.  Finally, Ms. DeVos, you got something right!
You’re giving yourself an out for not only justifying that students can create funding out of thin air but that the gov was never responsible for ensuring the future of itself through the education of the youth. Hey Kinders! Did you know you can fund yourselves?
So, are you basically saying that people shouldn’t expect anything from you? Do you hear yourself? Why don’t you resign and find a competent replacement. C’mon, you’re doing a MASSIVE disservice to our children and wasting a powerful position.
Really? How many entrepreneurs and philanthropists are close to students?!

There is no way entrepreneurs or philanthropist are close to the students. Teachers spend 8+ hours each day with students. If you gave us more support in the classrooms instead of tweeting like your boss then maybe we could help them more
You're an asshole lady. Plain and simple.
Then push for more funding for PUBLIC education so kids have more opportunities!
It’s why @newtechnetwork Network is an awesome model. Not for everyone but kids treated w respect & it gets returned.But for us here in rural SD those doors are closed tight for students w disabilities. ACCESS DENIED. Kindly Let’s please change that @BetsyDeVosED
EXACTLY! You r Washington! Couldn’t of said this better myself! RESIGN.....
Nothing students need will originate with you!
How about teachers? We wipe the tears, encourage, advise, lift up coach, inspire, and teach them how to think every single day. TEACHERS are the closest. You need to LISTEN to teachers for a change.
What students want is always blocked by the #moneyhungry @GOP! You ma’am are part of the problem: an unqualified white rich woman who has never spend a day in public schools trying to them what to do-just like #unqualified @realDonaldTrump!
Fixed it, for ya'! #LaEd #LaGov
#1 your grammar is TERRIBLE for a "Teacher"  (Typical Louisiana teacher. i once had a teacher who could NOT SPEAK ENGLISH to save her life. and she taught english.)
#2 when i was in school, entrepreneurs and philanthropists STARTED the computer sciences in louisiana schools.
Washington can't do anything to help us? Really?! That's comforting. Us students are trying to get what we need but we can't do anything in public schools when no one listens to our voices, let alone provides us with paper and pencils! Sorry we can't afford your private schools.
Yeah, because they know so darn much about education. Seriously? Where did #45 you?
Well we know it certainly won't come from you!
How do you know what students need?  Spend a week doing the job of a Title 1 teacher's job and learn something.

So stop trying to protect predatory student loan servicing companies @navient @nelnet fr being investigated by Consumer Finance Protection Bureau @cfpb & 6 bipartisan state attorney generals fr suing @navient & @nelnet for their predatory loan programs punishing college students

Ummmm it already comes from all of those other places. Many of the policies designed or intended to fix problems haven’t. So let’s talk about how government can support and back the work that the rest of us are doing. But you can bump my salary if it will make you feel better.
How are entrepreneurs and philanthropists among those closest to students? Teachers and parents should be first on your list. Admin and school psychologists/counselors and librarians should be on there too, not faceless entrepreneurs and philanthropists.
If the Secretary of Education had been a teacher and administrator or even had a single degree in education, we might get some good ideas from Washington, too. Obama's Sec of Ed had years of experience in the classroom and a PhD in EDU. You are a joke. Who cares what you think.
You're right. You should resign immediately.
I have been a substitute teacher for 30 years.  You disgust me.
That's open to debate Betsy, but what students 100% need is a qualified secretary of education. You aren't qualified to teach kindergarten, let alone administer this portfolio Betsy. Every time I see you, it looks like you're a deer staring into the headlights.
That's true because we have people like you in positions they are not qualified to hold. U r right Washington's elite can not help us peons!
Education needs those who encourage working together - teachers, students and parents FIRST. "Consultants" entrepreneurs, philanthropists - participate ONLY once they spend REAL time in a classroom. Education does not need those who think ONLY THEY have answers.
What students really need WILL come, and DOES every day, from those actually closest to students: teachers, administrators, parents. LISTEN TO THEM PLEASE.
What students really need won't come from philanthropists--folks who step in where the government of the people has given up its will, or failed altogether; who want to leave a legacy for themselves; who don't interact with children. Not bad folks, just not "closest to students."
What students really need won't come from entrepreneurs. They are not close to students. They are close to disruption for the sake of creating new markets for the sake of high profits.
Leave Betsy alone! It’s hard enough to do the job when you are clearly not qualified, have no real experience or education in the area, but are a billionaire heiress who wants to play “teacher.” Disconnected, unqualified billionaires are people too!
It's sure as hell not going to come from you. Apparently you don't even know what the inside of a classroom looks like without resorting to a stock photo.
Instead passing the buck from governments that restrict funds and tie teacher evaluations to test scores why don't you clean up your own backyard. If you want to criticize public school teachers, come sub for my class for a day then we can talk. #subforaday
It certainly won't originate in Washington as long as YOU are there. Clueless.
Students hate you, and so do I.
What students need is coming out of the pockets of already underpaid teachers.  What are you going to do about that?
Philanthropists and entrepreneurs are “those closest to students”????? Whaaaaat  What?
And yet you ignore teachers and parents so you can listen to owners of for profit schools.
Thnx, Betsy, now please be the next one to get out of the White House and go back to the kitchen to bake cookies. We don't need a spoiled millionaire who bouth her way in, i saw some students make a LOT more sense than you.   GEt them to take over. You're a REALLY BAD JOKE.
So you’re saying you can’t or won’t do anything? That’s your role, you sorry sack of poo.
Correct.  We’re doing it every moment @SetCharter - one of the first high schools for entrepreneurship!
So you are basically saying YOU can't do anything about it. You. The US Secretary of Education. The person in charge of our nation's ENTIRE education system. Have no power to make schools safer.

You need to resign now. We need an Education Secretary who actually gives a damn.
Entrepreneurs listed BEFORE parents? Parents listed LAST?! Wow! That's telling on where u stand...
It certainly won’t originate in WA with you in charge.  You’re not qualified.  Resign now
So why on gods green earth would you want to destroy the public school system?  GO F*CK YOURSELF.
But it sure as heck won’t come from you!
Teachers and parents, yes.  Entrepreneurs and philanthropists, no.
Actually what students need is u gone so no more budget cuts to education will happen
They have that support. It has helped fund the March for Life. What they need is coming from their grassroots effort. No thanks to you. #MarchForLife #NeverAgain #MarchForOurLives #NeverAgainMSD
https://twitter.com/absorbist/status/970516972789170176?s=21 …

https://twitter.com/absorbist/status/968555764745895937?s=21 …
NEW: With companies like @Hertz & @Delta ending their partnerships with the NRA, there’s one company that is now doing likely millions of dollars of business with them: @YouTube.…
You're an embarrassment.
Just gonna repeat this for you...feel free to ask someone what the reference is if you don't get it. 

#FamiliarWithDanteYet
Actually I'm the mother of a child with special needs and what she really needs will come directly from Washington. Your fake sweetie nonsense makes me powerfully angry.  Parents of children with SN will never stop fighting you and your miserable agenda.
As long as you are in your position in Washington, no one is expecting anything students really need to come from the DeptOfEd. Your tweet is the equivalent of #ThoughtsAndPrayers for improving education. Stop tweeting your idiotic ideas and quit.
You are terrible
Well said
and that's why Students are demanding actual gun control.  They know the DC flunkies paid off by the NRA won't give a damn.
Did the edsec just say don't look up here cause she can't do nothing for ya?
So what you're saying, you being in Washington and all, that we should ignore you completely. Thanks. That sounds like good advice.
Teachers can’t do what we know is right for students because of federal mandates, and we must pass our standardized tests with added value each year or we get #bullied by our own government. #letteachersteach #letteacherslead @PublicEdDefense #PublicSchoolsWeek

Wow. Seriously? You have no business working in education. #Resign
Shouldn't parents be first on that list. Success starts at home. #
So, only schools in rich districts? How elitist of you.
It might comes from the students, maybe an assault rifle ban?
So LISTEN to the students! Coward.
Like in other countries that have successfully used entrepreneurs to create amazing education systems?  Name one of those.
What education really needs is for you to go away.
And what teachers really need won't come from Washington either.
Thanks, trump and GOP TAX REFORM, for taking away $250 teachers could write off due to them spending their own money for supplies...where did TRUMP AND GOP give tax credit?
To golf course owners, of course!
CORRUPT!
And yet...you had no compunction to actually meet with the students in your midst. Empty words, Betsy...entirely empty-headed words.
Another way of saying,  "I'm not going to do my job,  so someone else better."  Can't tell if you're just dumb or lazy, too.
Mind you...the two groups of people who are actually closest to students- teachers and parents- are the two groups you listed last.

Clearly shows your mindstate on the matter. I respectfully suggest you adjust it.
Notice how you put entrepreneurs first. Our teachers are fine at being innovative. They need your support. They neee better pay and benefits. We do not need to make you and your rich friends richer with taxpayer money.
You betcha it won't come from Your demagoguery in Washington!  Change has come and will continue to come from students like those in Florida who already made legislative change away from your oppressive stances.
hush
Ah yes, I remember as a student I was so close to entrepreneurs and philanthropists. Meanwhile the teachers and parents are all asking the government to do something about gun violence...
I think you'd learn a lot if you visited schools, but instead of stepping in and out with pre-conceived notions, actually spent time with and listened to students and teachers.
Indeed, pass that buck and absolve yourself of any responsibility
not with you in Washington, nothing good for students will come from the government until you resign and face charges-
Thank God for that because the people in Washington are total fucking morons. And they sell their souls, kind of like prostitutes but with fewer values.
Devos should be in jail for treason along with her brother and boss
No doubt when you start arming the teachers your brothers company will be well placed as a supplier #godblessamerica
I see.  Someone else will do your job for you.  Roger that.



....it definitely won't come from you.....
And getting a secretary of education that is not clueless to public ed
Shouldn’t teachers be at the top of the list? We’re out here doing the work.
She doesn’t know that!
What they need is to be protected from a proliferation of weapons of war. Yes, through legislation.
Entrepreneurs and philanthropists: right. People who are in it for the almighty dollar are going to make education better? You know what makes ed better? Corporate reformers keeping their money-grubbing noses out of education!
Student need for teachers to be paid a livable wage so they don’t have to work 2 jobs in order to provide for their family. Amazing teachers are walking away. We’ve upped minimum wage how many times, yet teachers are still making the same wages that they did a decade ago.
Entrepreneurs and philanthropists.  
Then teachers and parents... sad.
In that order, right? Completely discounting not only the role of teachers but parents as well. Try this..."students, teachers, parents and the community." You're welcome.
Except: they need gun laws to protect them. Washington. And money to educate them and pay their teachers. Not money stripped from our public schools to finance your laughable private charters.
So students, parents, and teachers come AFTER entrepreneurs and philanthropists? Hmm.

Mrs. DeVos, how do you feel about conflicts of interest and what they might be "teaching" future" generations? Thank You.

You got the order of those wrong... parents and teachers are def mutely first. But if you knew anything about education you would have gotten that correct.  #youfail #dumpdevos
#stfu
Try this order: from students themselves, parents, teachers, then other visionaries who are (really) closest to students
I promise you we are trying our hardest. It sure would be nice if we had more help from government though.
We have it for Manufacturing Education, students doing it themselves...https://studentrunbusiness.com  hoping to show you soon!
With the current administration, it's pretty damn obvious that it won't come from Washington.
The only reason Betsy DeVos has a job is because her brother, Erik Prince has apparently helped Trump set up back channels to Russia.  

Just like Trump appears to be an illegitimate President, Devos is a grossly illegitimate Secretary of Education.
It sure as hell will not come from you. #Resign
How in the hell are you still there?
Entrepreneurs and philanthropists are closest to our students?!? Wow...you are very disconnected to what students need. Sorry, this is not the support schools, students, teachers, or parents need from you.
Not sure all the students are being encouraged to be their best. Think a better class of teachers who are actually professionals will be necessary, first. †
So not you?
Didn't you JUST visit a school full of students doing just that? Oh wait, you didn't bother to listen to them.
The kids said you didn't talk to them. Why are you such a hypocrite? Does it have anything to do with the fact that you're not qualified for your job and you're terrible at it? You really should resign.
It already IS coming from the students. You just aren't listening.
"Entrepreneurs" is first on your list? Do you mean blood-sucking leeches like you who want to monetize everything and think they've found a cash cow in schools? Go away, Betsy. You're not qualified. #FireDeVosNow
Public education needs more support.  Private charter schools without rules are taking away valuable tax dollars and not educating our students.

#ResignDaVosED
Translation: I am not going to do anything because I am unqualified for this job.
Some funds would be nice, instead of pushing money to private schools & charters
One thing for sure, it won't come from you!
No.  They need to go to school and not DIE!
Also what students really need is student loan reform. We need Federal student loan companies not to double student loan interest rates, tack on unfair fees and for actual fair repayment terms for people that work in underserved communities with this population. Education is Key!
Your office is in Washington, isn't it? So, if you can't do your job, then quit! PLEASE!!!!
That is such bullshit. Way to pass the buck.
you're a sad joke. go find a hobby.
LEAVE OUR SCHOOLS ALONE YOU HAVE NO CLUE WHAT YOU ARE DOING, NO QUALIFICATIONS FOR THE JOB!!!!!! I CANNOT WAIT Til MUELLER Finds out why your Business Server was looking up the Same Server in Trump Tower as the Russians. Then it will be Bye Bye Betsy Wetsy!
You’re right, it won’t come from Washington...where you work...and are the secretary of education...there’s no help in DC for children, parents, or teachers, most certainly not from you. #Resist
It WILL come from students. Just students.
Is that profound thought your way of saying you don't think we should pay for every child's education and safety while at school?
The students in Parkland are trying to tell you what they need. Are you listening?
She'd have to get the wax out first
"Won't originate in Washington", translation, do it yourself, we don't feel like doing our jobs.
Then, end the top down, EXPENSIVE standardized testing that robs our students of educational time and materials!
Yes, what #students really need needs to originate in #Washington. 

Students need #GunReformNow!

Students need Washington to #DrainTheSwamp & stop being #NRA puppets.

Students need #GOP to be #ProLife AFTER birth.
Students themselves. Not adults making money off of private and charter schools.
Entrepreneurs and philanthropists are close to students?
Thank you Anne
What students need certainly won't come from you or your boss.
This, coming from the woman who refused to meet with Parkland students. How dare you.
you’ll never know if it comes from students because you refuse to engage them
Then pull your friends together and join the revolution of that paridym shift you spoke of-each person financially support a region!
I am not seeing a single person in support of anything you are doing. Why are you in that position? Oh wait, that's right. You were appointed by Trump. It certainly wasn't because you were qualified. Please quit.
No. The obnoxious policies come from you, entrepreneurs & philanthropists who want to gut the properly balanced public educational system.
“You came to our school just for the publicity and avoided our questions for the 90 minutes you were actually here. How about you actually do your job?”

TIL that entrepreneurs and philanthropists are "closest to students" and that what students need may only come from teachers and parents behind the aforementioned first two...
Betsy, don’t bother going to the doctor...
Well we know YOU aren't doing anything for them. #Resign
You are spectacularly bad at everything you do. You might try applying to be a Walmart greeter. You know, something that's a little more suited to your skill set.
You deserve cancer.
Wow. #NotWinning
It’s certainly not going to come from you. If it’s coming from “the students themselves” why didn’t you speak to ANY of the 3,000 at MSD or answer any questions? Did the cameras get your good side? Oh wait, you don’t have one. #coward
You need to resign immediately.  You don't have a clue of what you are doing and you are a coward for not speaking to the Florida students.
Students need laws that protect them, that comes from Washington.  Students need leaders that listen to them.  That won't come from DC as long as you are there, clearly just soaking up photo ops.  If you wanted to "be there" for the students, you would have LISTENED

How do you know what students need? You walk out of press conferences when they ask difficult questions and don’t bother to meet with them when you visit their school.
you are the saddest joke every played on american students and their parents. you know nothing, do nothing, and should resign. you are a disgrace. and what you just did at in Parkland is proof. shame on you.

Speaking of students for change. Why did you dodge everyone at the press conference at Parkland today? These kids were there to interview you and you high-tailed it out of there. A photo op at a murder scene. You are disgusting.
hahaha! How about that press conference you walked out of - pretty fun, right? Learn to listen to what the ACTUAL VICTIMS have to say. #WeThePeople tried to tell you and your moronic @POTUS @realDonaldTrump that you are COMPLETELY UNQUALIFIED and WORTHLESS at the job you have.
Betsy you are a disgusting waste of our tax money. You’ve no clue what you’re doing.
Is this your idea of listening to what "may well come from the students?"
The students of Marjory Stoneman Douglas that you blew past on your way to #SXSWEDU (aka Spring Break for Education Vultures) have some ideas about what they need if you're interested in hearing them. The tide is turning. See you Nov 6.
Not trying to defend her by any means, but Betsy was at SXSWEdu yesterday. Her abbreviated visit to MSD was this morning.
Damn, I gotta do my research before speed rage tweeting. Genuine thanks for the correction. I still stand by the rage part, hope that got through.
Oh, yes. Definite rage toward the ignoring students piece.
