Yes. Resources allow for flexibility. You intend to take those away, I understand. Help me understand how you will deal with the testing phenomenon that has literally zapped creativity from the classroom.
this.
Are you talking AR-15?  I know that the @NRA thinks teachers need more weaponry to convince the kids to learn!
You have my support, Betsy. People on social media are so blinded by hate that they fight against what’s best for their own children.   That’s not what most people think or want. Keep up the great work. Give families options. Stop one size fits all.
Perhaps if teachers had enough money to actually purchase needed supplies and funding is there for art, music, and Phys ed, they could.
Yeah.  Let them inplement their solutions because you sure the hell don't have any.  You can't even give a knowledgeable interview let alone come up with a solution to a problem. Do you even know where you are?
Empower yourself to RESIGN NOW
How about you empower yourself to go away
As if you had a clue.
What does empowerment mean?  This is just gibberish like when you were on 60 Minutes.  If you can't get the job done at least surround yourself with some smart people that really understand education instead of sticking with your one trick pony of school choice.
Creative solutions? We’re pros at that. We have no money for supplies, no arts education.We’re finding creative solutions to the lack of resources and support for teachers, education, and schools every single day. Don’t worry, we’re taking care of it, Betsy. We GO to the schools.
But be warned about “local control”. Especially in areas with nepotism, and unimaginative leadership. Think rural SD.
Just more meaningless drivel from a craven opportunist. #RESIGN #UNFIT #PTALegCon #BuyAJobBetsy
Yes, stop common core! They are not cookies cut from the same dough. They each learn at different rates and have different talents. How can we allow them to embrace this at an early age?
How are you going to do that by cutting the budget?

I have 15 special ed kids in my "small group" math class and 14 in my "small group" ELA class.....do you want to tell me how you are going to give me more tools to meet students' needs?
After your 60 Minute interview its painfully obvious you are way over your head as Secretary of Education.
You’re better suited to just pass out coffee & donuts at your church on Sundays.
I also empower u to resign. So so so horrible. Did u actually graduate high school? https://www.facebook.com/senatorsanders/videos/10156837952202908/ …
NOT ALGORITHMS so stop promoting the experimentation on our children with allowing corporations into our classrooms !
We can do this is the Public Schools too!  Charter schools shouldn't be allowed more freedom for teachers to choose materials to meet the standards and the needs of their students.
Including teachers who don’t want to teach a Christian Right curricula? Asking for a friend.
Stop tweeting and talking, Bitty. You are embarrassing yourself.
Kinda hard when their jobs are on the line due to test results.  You wanna talk teacher and student learning then get rid of standardized testing.
Shit for brains flexibility means properly funding schools. Public schools, not just private https://www.facebook.com/senatorsanders/videos/10156837952202908/ …
Are you on a Twitter rant because you looked stupid on TV? You know nothing about the education system.
No govt money for religious schools
I agree 100%!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why are you calling to take away funding from schools? #FireDeVos #BoughtsyDeLusional
They still need money - you know, that green stuff you rich people keep stealing from us? You’re a fraud. Resign.

Have you even ever set foot in a public school?  Most unqualified person ever hold your position. Amazing what somebody else's money will buy.

Go away please.
Teachers should have the right temperament for the job. I can’t tell you how many ass*ole teachers/principles my family had to endure not only as a child but as a parent. Ripping up course work in front of the class is bullying. Shaming children is bullying.
That’s already been done. Don’t you know a damn thing?
Hey maybe u should give them better pay and focus on ur job which u have no experience in what so ever.
Lets not forget what causes this violent environment....Wrong Indoctrination in the Public School System; Removal of GOD, PRAYER, Discipline, Respect and Love for one another in the Public School System of Liberal Agendas, along with the removal of Parental Rights of discipline,
Yes. And something needs to be done with tenure keeping bad  apples.
“Flexibility” and “creativity” are two things we excel at. We have been forced to use options like Donors Choose to creatively fund our rooms. I’m trying to get PD books funded so I can learn Google Classroom in order to plan more creative lessons.
Can you replace the computer in my classroom? It's older than my students.
The only way to do this is to place much less emphasis on standardized tests. Do you agree?
How's your mass murdering brother? 

I like how he has creative solutions to patriotism and foreign policy.

#Russia
#Seychelles
Your confirmation hearing was a disaster and it was clear that you were unqualified. One would think that you’d learn from that and brush up on your knowledge. Nope.  Go back to doing billionaire things and leave education to someone who truly cares.
Then stop trying to segregate our schools with your nonsense “school choice” program! Give us the funding to support every students and make EVERY school better! Not just your elitist schools! #iAmPublicEducation #resignDeVos
RESIGN. THANKS.

#FIREDeVos
Why don’t you try giving us more funds and resources - instead of cutting them?
It’s like you have no idea what happens in a building with a collection of students.
Stop spewing word salads and do something. #BoughtByErikPrince #RussianSpy #Traitor #Treason
You need to resign.
Well #FINALLY
Idiot word salad. Go back to pyramid schemes.
So you'll pay teachers more money, give them money to purchase supplies for their room, go high tech, and all this with a better teacher to student ratio? About 15 - 20 students/class, a teacher AND and aide? It's a start.
Passionate educators should absolutely agree with this. However, your methods to accomplish this are skewed and ineffective.
Some form of structured discipline is needed in these schools, then learning comes easily.
Ah, yeah, the teachers are already creatively stretching every penny they have in order to buy supplies for their classrooms.
Why don't you get off of Twitter and educate yourself?
Just quit already. It's obvious
YOU
don't
care
for
US
school children
+
teachers.
YOU
don't
listen.

@NationalPTA
@NEA
@NEAToday
@AP
@whpresscorps
@nbc
@ABC
@CBS
@sandyhook
@GiffordsCourage
#wethepeople
#ParklandStrong
#resist
#ICallBS
Our public education system was founded because the leaders of the Massachusetts Bay Colony realized that their citizens needed to be educated in order to understand the written laws enacted. https://www3.nd.edu/~rbarger/www7/masslaws.html …
better meet kids needs? Poor schools get computer time 1 hr a week, on phones all class, no order teachers can’t be heard no authority
Code for religious schools w public money.
How can teachers have greater flexibility if you defund our public schools? How will they even teach if they are expected to be armed security guards as well. Children are DEAD. You are unqualified, clouded by religious bias, and financially compromised. Resign.
Well SOMEONE is mighty full of big ideas and no action today.
Please resign.  You are a disgrace.  Teachers deserve much better than you.   You looked a 3rd grader on 60 minutes.
Resign-soon.
Secretary DeVos:  Don’t give up the fight!  Ignore negative people - they have a problem for every solution!
GOOD LORD YOU DON’T KNOW WHEN TO PACK UP YOUR SHITSHOW & HIGH TAIL IT OUT OF DODGE. BETSY JUST LOVES HER SOME RIDICULE.  HEY, QUICK QUESTION BETSY BOO HOO, DO YOU KNOW WHEN MUELLER IS GOING TO INDICT ERIK?   #YOUAREACRIMINAL  #SHOO #SMH
How is there money to arm teachers but not to equip them with textbooks? Is gun training more useful than tech training?
reading, writing, arithmatic, do u remember these? teach my children these and not your opinion or anything else. their morals and upbringing is my responsibility. keep out
"More flexibility" in Devos Speak means to eliminate state standards & allow biblical teachings into the classroom. Both are disastrous.
Please just say what you mean FFS!! Your public statements are mostly waffling, indirect, double speak. Empty gestures that don’t make a discernible point, vague ramblings about “creative solutions” & passive aggressive statements that are in relation to who knows what really?
It's like you want to keep the rich in power and keep the populace & the minions ignorant because you obviously  bought your position.
Greater empowerment comes w/ throwing out the teacher’s scripts & letting them teach 2 the student’s needs. That’s when the flexibility & creativity will help students. Take away assessments & FSA. I can’t be any clearer “students need to master the concepts & need a foundation.”
Betsy , why don’t you go take care of Russian Schools.
Your #60Minures interview was cringe-worthy and you are undeniably unqualified to perform the duties of your job. American kids deserve better. Resign!!!!
Then stop taking our money and giving it to private and charter schools that more than likely will fail!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Look, it’s Sister Potato Head!  (Not in appearance so much but intellect and class.)
Just stop.
Your recent tweetstorm in no way compensates for 60 Minutes.
Instead of tweeting all this gibberish please go out and visit some public schools. Both those that are working & those that aren't. That is how you find solutions, not through your fortune cookie tweets.
I don't believe that, funny how the older people just learned the three "r" and did just fine?
Words, words and more words followed by a few more words strung together by additional words. More words later.
Use your lips, your big girl words,. Come on, we know you can get a point across.  Oh wait...
Fund the schools... warthog
Quit trying to toss out word salad..you're no good at it
When will you be visiting an underperforming school?
@BetsyDeVosED abuses children and fleeces college students all for the glory of a hateful so-called GOD that only loves rich white devils. #StopDevos #FireBetsy #SickBitch #SavePublicEd

Look here Botsy DeJob, you don't give two shits about empowering teachers. You're only goal is to destroy public schools. Flexibility is code for Charter & Christian schools funded with our tax dollars.

You need to pay teachers a decent wage & invest in public schools. Enough of this charter school bs. Quit trying to privatize our public school systems
Well, there's a group of words that form a sentence while saying absolutely nothing. 

You, Betsy, while not as unqualified as the traitor in the White House,  are certainly giving him a run for his (Russia's) money.
Also, release the Dalmatian puppies please
How about stop siphoning money away from public education to a profit-motive based industry?
Give them money to buy essentials!  You are incompetent !  Please resign for the good of all our children!
MEANINGLESS DRIVEL ONCE AGAIN BETSY.
Maybe donate a few billion dollars to them and they will have more "flexibility."
I have seen what your strategy did to Michigan Public Education. Your contempt for poor children is odd given the faith you claim. But the money is what matters to you. Harming education threatens our national security. Resign

Yes, I always feel most empowered when my funding is slashed.
yeah, genius...let's empower them by taking away funds from them.

You and your brother should go back to whatever Hell you climbed out of, you evil f* king demons. The American people rebuke thee!
GO AWAY
you can stop pretending you care about education now. Your interview on 60 Minutes completely exposed you.
NO!! Not flexibility! Guns! They need guns!
Fund public schools completely!
Like buy their own supplies?  Like provide lunches for their students who can't afford to eat?  

Stuff like that, Betsy?
As a teacher, this is what I hear: parents (and society) aren’t held responsible for a student having trouble learning. All of my student’s problems are my fault. I’m just not creative enough.
Teachers could be more flexible if you gave schools enough money to cover school supplies.
I dropped out of school in 87, yet I know more about how the school system works better than you do.
Your ambiguity only underscores your lack of understanding. You are the most unqualified person for their job in the Trump Administration and that is saying something.
Oh, like some weird god thing where gays are evil?
You need to resign, you clearly have no clue what you are doing.
Still: a whole lot of nothing. Con talk and nothing tangible. We can not leave our children left in the hands of a moon walker. Not tried and true
teacher would prefer paper and ink as opposed to guns and lead
You know if you would quit this unnecessary and expensive testing we could do what we need to do for students.  Since the only qualification you have for your job is your $$$ you need to go
I'm a teacher, I understand our problems all over the world
You don't believe ANY of this.  NONE.

You believe that money = right.  In your mind everyone else is on their own because if they were meant to be important they would be rich.
Please resign.
That won’t come from charters, Charter School Betsy.
Thanx if you could fund public school fully and get rid of standardized tests that be peachy!
Here’s one. Get rid of all these damned school boards.  You know the ones, that set themselves up as liberal indoctrination centers.  This country prospered up until these damned boards were created.
Finland's education model is like that. Look to Finland, their test scores are very high.
Worst ever. Sweet Polly Purebread out of touch and misguided.
Non sequiturs and a country club smile aren't what we need right now.  Please be the next to step down.  You don't need this gig anyway.  Think of how happy you were a year and a half ago.
God Bless you and your family Betsy DeVos
@BetsyDeVosED
Apologizing for whatever you may have or may not have said in that interview with 60 minutes don't negate there are no community schools in New Orleans.
If you want to give teachers more flexibility, then why are you cutting their already meager allowance for classroom supplies? You idea of “flexibility” already failed miserably under your leadership in Michigan.
When she talks about flexibility, she means the funding should flex its way toward her private company.
NO we need to give teachers and PUBLIC schools, especially at-risk public schools more MONEY
We need a Education secretary that understands public education. 
It isn't you Betsy.
You've put a charter schools, don't you want public $$$ to help upper income to send their sweeties to a private school, Keep their kids from scummy BKUE COLLAR children
Resign!
How about you pay teachers? That’s what they deserve. Your privatizing plan doesn’t help teachers or students - you’re in it for the shareholders.
How much more do teachers need....exactly? Shouldn't that be a local issue? Why do they "deserve" so much more? All they do now is teach for a test and indoctrinate our kids. Let them earn their pay.
Indoctrinate? Yeah, algebra is a Marxist worldview.  Teachers work hard to educate and care for our kids. They don’t deserve to be smeared.
Actually agree with this on the surface, just not on your nefarious watch

The only flexibility teachers need is better payment, others leave it to them
Follow back
They already have that. They are highly creative, resourceful professionals on the whole. Instead, start with providing them with what they need so they they don't have to buy their own classroom materials.
I completely agree with more $$ to teachers and for supplies but I do hear public school teacher friends complain regularly about lack of ability to discipline and no parental backup. If they call parents, parents will complain about the teacher on social media?Times have changed
You are an embarrassment, Betsy. Do the right thing and resign.
You say vague things like this all the time. They're meaningless and just emphasize your incompetence and lack of professional acumen when it comes to education. Stop tweeting. You're not helping yourself.
What are you a Democrat attack dog?
If the President could only do one thing right...
He does, but only via Twitter (For example #REXIT #RexTillerson )

Quit tweeting! You get dumber by the tweet!
How about securing more funding, decent pay, decent benefits for teachers so they don’t have to have two and three jobs to survive? Oh wait you and yours are all about TAKING money from public education.
We need to look at the reasons for public schools and their importance to neighborhoods and communities. It works together. Public schools are part of the public sphere.
You are failing miserable! Hand over to someone who knows what they are supposed to be doing! Your fired.
Like praying over sick kids and shit?
Look how your "flexibility" and "creative solutions" have worked out for Michigan.....
She hasn't even been in Michigan Schools. She has No idea.  Clueless.
By giving them AR-15s???
I empower you to resign!
