Please send me your resume,so that I can MAYBE listen to your ignorance,and then logically refute EVERYTHING that comes out of your smiling face.
Every child? Or just the ones who win the lottery to a charter school? Or maybe just the ones who can pay for a private school? Let’s focus on a budget and policies that would help all public schools.
Just the ones that are rich and white
You mean a chance to line your pockets? You are unqualified and incompetent. You should resign.
Well you aren’t meeting those goals.
#DumpDeVos
#CruellaDeVos
#ProtectPublicEducation
#FollowTheMoney
That’s why we need to invest in public schools, which are assessable to ALL regardless of income or background.
The focus of your administration is for the people who can afford private schools.Your job is to provide a good education to all children. Please resign and let someone do the job you are not doing to improve education for all.
Trajectory was very clear. Pay insane interest on student loans.

Just saw a new list of failing schools in Michigan; more than half are charters.  What do you have to say about that, since you’re such a proponent of charters?
Did you catch #SNL and #WeekendUpdate this week?
Then why cut funding for after school programs??
Guess all the striking & protesting teachers are the best judges of how good DeVos' Education Dept budget is... NOT VERY!
YOU LIE!!!

And cutting funding to traditional schools helps students how?
You can start by forcing the schools to teach the US Constitution and Bill of Rights again.  What happened to the required Government class?   Schools are promoting socialism.  I hear it from my kids all the time.
Bullshit. Your plan is to siphon off as much $$$$ as you can from public schools for charter http://schools.Money  makers.Not educators. And fake CHRISTIAN indoctrinators.
Unfortunately, you lack the intellectual capacity to lead DoE to this goal. Please resign ASAP.
You are beyond unfit for your job. RESIGN.
Resign. Now.
Hey whoever is coaching Betsy, tell her that her smiling-while-talking technique isn't working.
Call her Betsy trump.
Maybe you should take a look at how the teachers are being treated. Teachers are supposed to inspire. How can they do that if they can’t make ends meet financially #teachersneedbetterpay
Another trump agenda lackey.
Pay attention to every teacher in the nation @BetsyDeVosED @realDonaldTrump
Shill
Things got heated when Rep. @RosaDeLauro took Betsy DeVos to task on the Department of Education's potential plan to preempt state regulations on predatory student loan collectors 
Great word!
Your focus has continually been to further the interest of private schools with public education paying the price.
Hopefully you will be able to stop the Liberal indoctrination of America's children!
Exactly, until that is done, our children will be force fed THEIR ideology and views.
"Their" who? Educated people who have training and knowledge in core subject material needed for life in modern times? Oh, teachers, right.
They don't care who or how educated they are as long as they say what they want to hear.
Blah blah blah
I snuck out of my room on Saturday night and saw you on @nbcsnl . You did a lot better than on @60Minutes . I’m so glad you are not my teacher. I heard you can’t be though cuz you never learned how to teach.
#BetsyDeVos is doing great on her public salary..and #Amway scamming..here's her summer mansion:
No. The focus of the admin and the budget is to #MakeTheRichRicher. You're not fooling anyone, but that's obvious, isn't it, O great pontificator? I loved how you blankly stared and grinned while you were #SchooledByStahl
“attain”? You mean “obtain” an education?  Wow, you don’t even know basic grammatical standards.  As your boss would say “SAD!”
Focus needs to return to teaching that America is a good country, not a repressive one.
Trump donates $100K to Dept of Ed. Only $9,199,900,000 to go to make up for his $9.2B in proposed education cuts.
The FOCUS of this budget is to privatize schools to make the rich, richer and to make sure the rich get money towards private schools for their kids, and they get to keep the POC and poors out.
Yes, the Republican tax bill would help rich parents send their kids to private school - The Washington Post
Top 10 Reasons School Choice Is No Choice | In reality, it’s just a scam to make private schools cheaper for rich people, further erode the public school system and allow for-profit corps to gobble up education dollars meant to help children succeed.
Trump’s Education Budget Feeds School Privatization At The Expense of Students http://bit.ly/2uWE0gH  via @BillMoyers
Vouchers do not improve student achievement, Stanford researcher finds | Stanford News
Michigan Gambled on Charter Schools. Its Children Lost. - The New York Times
DeVos rescinds 72 guidance documents outlining rights for disabled students - The Washington Post
Lady. Most of your job has been you getting yelled at trying to get into an Escalade.
Because people are rude. She’s what is needed in our public ed system, but the class warfare people keep forgetting that it’s the rich, like the Dems, who aren’t doing squat to help the poor.
Because the Devos family isn’t rich and didn’t literally buy this job...
Why would they buy this job? To what purpose would Mrs. DeVos want this job? She’s rich, so she could be doing anything else.
So they can have more for-profit charter schools. At least in Michigan anyway.
How does that benefit her? You know this how?
You tell me why on earth she would be education. sec. She has never attended a publice school, her kids have never been to one and she barely has a bachelors degree. There are some smart people out there with real world experience. Not her.
How are you so privy to her life experience? By the way, what makes you so qualified to judge her and her qualifications?
#devosisaMORON
It’s frustrating that “the system” has now simply made it a chance- this is the American dream! Everyone has a stake in making it a reality.
Funny, it sure looks like your focus is to destroy public education, with a side of Enriching Yourself and Your Pals via student-loan debt collection. You are a vampire. #RESIGN
Give them a magnet opportunity. http://Magnet.edu .
If you believed this, you’d stop supporting garbage charter schools.

Maybe you should resign and let Stormy Daniels have your position since she knows how to prepare for events.
Resign
As an advocate for education, reform, and empowering public schools (inc. charter schools.) I support ALL school choice without reducing public school funding. ALL children, their parents and educators need to be supported and empowered, and our county & citizens will prosper!
Our schools need a proactive agenda of 'Education' not the agenda of 'dumbing down' our kids and indoctrination of 'liberal ideology'.  Spread this ladies video and make a change.


Did you mean to use a semicolon?
Resign.

Your reputation and public comments must be humiliating to you and your friends.
Making some generic statement doesn't make it true. Let's see some positive action that gives everyone the right to a quality education with an even playing field.
You can’t even answer basic questions about education let alone speak its mission. If u want better achievement. Feed the children. Look up data on poverty and achievement
These educators could give a crap about students or their safety. They care only for their bottom line. They USE our kids as hot bodies to do their bidding. If they cared they wouldn't let kids be out MARCHING where lunatics can prey upon them in the open. Such liars! Such fakes!
It would be nice if you understood what you were talking about. To do so, you must get outside your golden elite world, visit all schools, interact with children and educators and then you might earn the right to talk about what is great and what needs to be disrupted in schools.
We are behind you!!! Use us...
No. Education is financial death.
Didn’t you significantly cut money from the budget allocated to improving school safety and security prior to the Parkland shootings?
You need to remove all cell phones from public schools kids are there to learn not to play.They can play after school Cell phones i-pads tablets all need to go that is one of the biggest problems of kids not learning a big distraction.
Budget??Oh wait you mean for your charters and private schools? You too can make a difference in the trajectory of a child's life. Please help our children instead of stealing from them!

This is an important read. While the world is looking the other way, Betsy Devos is trying to dismantle our education system. Congress had our back. Twice. But her agenda needs to be stopped permanently. #StopDevosNow https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/education/wp/2018/03/21/congress-rejects-much-of-betsy-devoss-agenda-in-spending-bill/ …
Then give every child that right by funding their Public Schools. Or do you mean just the specific sector of people you associate with need a chance at a private school voucher education? You are not qualified for this position.#Resign
I wish you believed that with public Education!
Sweetie, you’re in over your head. Time to exit stage left you FAKE!
You are extremely unqualified for the position you hold.  Do the American public a little justice, and resign.
Are you for real????  I mean a person can't be seriously this clueless.
What’s your plan? What are you actually trying to implement? Do you even understand the daily challenges and struggles parents, administration and teacher face? Walk a mile in their shoes.
Thank god congress rejected your cuts and plan to privatize schools. In fact they gave more funding to our public schools!
No thanks to you
Try walking in the shoes of the underprivileged for a day.
Step one .. try getting to the school of your “choice” if you don’t have transportation!
It may be a very long walk or bike ride.
Try to thing things through!
Shocking news, they don’t own cars and planes!
Thank goodness for checks and balances and your gross agenda was mostly rejected
And the loser on the new budget is Betsy Devos the winner is public schools and children!
Thank you Congress for not allowing Betsy Devos to defund public education and programs that help children!!
Have you visited an underperforming school yet?
I saw details on the new budget not ONE of your ideas was incorporated proving that even Republicans see thu your schemes to hurt public schools & low income students & also to promote discrimination against LGBT students  Now it would make us all happy for you to resign.
school choice it is like having 100 restaurants but they are all Chinese - we need educational liberty NOT fed ed choice #RESTOREED #REPEALESSA #RESTOREFERPA @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Rule number 1 do your research before you go in front of a camera
Resign. You're unqualified, a crook and lack any sense of human decency.
Company filings show that Trump-affiliated data-mining firm Cambridge Analytica has a link to a Chinese security and logistics company run by Erik Prince, the former mercenary who founded private military company Blackwater (and is Betsy DeVos' brother) …
...... 2018. U.S. Parents Involved in Education (USPIE) is working to inform the South Carolina Senate Education Committee on the pitfalls of CBE and H. 4596. It is a complicated topic, where slick talking points hide unproven and damaging education practices.
SOUTH CAROLINA - We can thank Palmetto Promise Institute for advancing Gates’ ill-conceived, experimental, Common Core-based education agenda by encouraging the South Carolina House of Representatives to adopt flawed CBE education policy in H. 4596 on March 9,...........
QUIT
Sports. Thanks.
Sorry. Need to swing by my “ONE place stop” for all #redskins news. Lol. Than I saw Betsy Devos and got confused.
Yes. The #browns went 0-16...? What are u getting at?
3rd in your division... chill
Education is everything, and everyone is entitled to a good PUBLIC EDUCATION (yes Betsy, even children with disabilities).  You are seriously unqualified for your position. Do the math.
Well I guess you learned to lie from the best.  Quit pretending to be competent.
Liar 
Why always attack education then? Hunh   "Laws for the liberal education of youth, especially of the lower class of people, are so extremely wise and useful, that, to a humane and generous mind, no expense for this purpose would be thought extravagant." ~ John Adams
Please resign
If education can change the trajectory of a child's life, then tell me how cutting programs and not funding or slashing funding will produce a positive outcome? Your logic does not make sense. Best thing you can do is to #Resign
 to bad!! 
can we also try to focus on possibly meeting with school shooting survivors to hear their stance as people who have seen the violence first hand? probably not, since keeping children alive or even safe at schools is not even a remote priority
Whoever manages this account needs to post something meaningful.  And then Ms. DeVos needs to do something meaningful to impact public education, because after all, you're in charge of federal funds, which drives public education.
Quit your job and go back to the country club.  You are worse than useless.
You've read the budget?  Good job.  Please reference which specific pages and provisions address what you're asserting and how.
Please don’t tweet till you visit some public schools & really address the issues they’re having.
Focus on not tweeting until you actually have something to say.
What budget again? The one that nobody wants? Hahahahah this is the best day of my life
Our children can't get an education if you pull all the funding from our public schools. #ResignNOW #Unqualified #evil
Your focus is a good one! Would like to show you are plan for teacher salaries and how we can help your budget...
You only care about your rich kids.  Public schools are awesome.  Your charter schools suck.  You refuse to even go in  a public school .  Someone, like you, who has no experience in a classroom or running a school, has no business making decisions for schools
This would be a really good time to resign and crawl back in to the hole you came from.
Just got done watching like, 20 @BetsyDeVosED videos. Wow. What a corrupt, awful piece of shit. Betsy? You are literally-- LITERALLY everything that's wrong with the direction of America right now. Shame on you for being on the wrong side of history. Forever. #corrupt #betsysucks
Betsy Sux would be a great name for a ska band.  

This administration makes me glad I left the teaching profession. 

#AllChildrenLeftBehind
please work to improve the American education system so this disaster of a government doesn’t happen again.
I’m convinced!  And so is the Pla-Doh right next to me.
The best chance to attain an education for any economically disadvantaged child has always been a public school system. Please don’t cut them off at the knees.
Such a disgrace. So glad your ignorant proposals in the spending bill got rejected (as should you).
Public schools have become little fiefdoms; the emphasis, focus, is on acquiring wealth and power. All the public school budgets show the same pattern of mismanagement of funds, from acquisition of buildings, to outside contractors for services. Politicians say:"For the Children"
So tell me Devos is this the kind of thing that you and the Trump administration want subject our kids to!
So my daughter brought this home from school. Seems like unusual questions to ask a 1st grader, especially the third question. Would they have asked the same questions while Obama was President? 
I would love to see you visit South Carolina and see how the Board of Ed transformed Common Core into their "local" version by changing the name, without input from parents.
You know the austin bomber was home schooled!
Every time you spew BS you age ten years! Not enough amway facial product?
your budget for 2019 was not approved!!, you are the worst Secretary of Edication in the History of our Coubtry, just because you can speak, read and write does not make you intelligent Madam!!
No ones likes you!
You really have no idea what you’re doing in education. Just saying.
Clearly, money doesn't buy intelligence...or a soul.
I just read through your budget which was soundly rejected by the House.  I have a question: How's that decimating our public schools working out for you?  
RESIGN
The bill before Congress gives you nothing that you wanted. It actually increases funding where you wanted to cut and gives you nothing for private schools..  you are useless in your paid for position. Give it up and resign...
And it's too bad you have no clue about education... did you blow trump for the job or were you one of his victims and this was your hush money? #stuckonstupid
Your proposed budget slashed $3.6 billion from the Department of Education, including major cuts to programs that help student mental health services, and the Office for Civil Rights. 

That's your focus?
So congress just rejected all your ideas - time to resign as an ineffectual leader
Your focus is to educate the rich by taking away from the lesser off. Luckily Congress told you to stick it. Time to retire.
When you speak in public, why is it that you sound like you’re trying to remember your script?
Shocked that your murderous illegal weapons selling brother do this
BREAKING: Cambridge Analytica has a link to a Chinese security and logistics company run by Erik Prince, the former mercenary who founded private military company Blackwater. http://www.startribune.com/the-latest-academic-in-facebook-case-says-he-is-a-scapegoat/477485123/ …
it sure can now that your cruel draconian cuts have been ignored!  Congress sure gave you a Yuge middle finger!
There’s seriously not one tweet supporting you. Delete your account
Everyone in education hates you.
Your lack of understanding and incompetence are not even supported by the Republicans who foolishly voted for you.
Lies
I heard your budget was soundly (and correctly) rejected by Congress.  When will you learn that even the not wealthy love our children and want the best for them too?  A good education is NOT just for the rich.  Quit your job, horrible woman who hates our children.
Then please quit trying to take educational opportunities away from public schools and disadvantaged children.  And try visiting a failing school. I am ashamed that you are heading the education department.
Then stop allowing them to be gunned down. #ParklandStudentsSpeak #MarchForOurLives #NRABloodMoney #MoronInChief
The education minister who needs to be educated on the fact that she is unqualified and have no business being in that post
Soon to be fired!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
That can’t be the focus; you take funding from public schools already struggling to meet educational, social, extra-curriculum, mental health, and all other basic survival needs and send it to private schools that can choose which students they admit. My tax dollars to public ed
As long as you’re the Secretary of Education, children won’t get the chance they deserve. You’re a disgrace, you’re woefully unqualified, and you need to resign.
#DespicableDevos
You made the decision to preempt States rights. YOU are despicable.
#How do you plan to do that when your proposed budget cuts “after school programs” for needy youth, cut grants that help low income students “go to college”, cut “mental health programs” to support students.What exactly are your Christian Values. I don’t see them in your budget!
As a former educator, I am embarrassed by your presence as the head of education since you are highly unqualified for the position. Taking money from public schools is one of the most uneducated decisions you have made. Notice that I said “one of.” Please resign.
@betsydevos
Then fund our public schools!!
You are horrible
Math teacher Eddie Woo's award speech:"Education can radically change the trajectory of a child's life" ("Australian of the Year revealed"). While you were tweeting about education, teachers were working hard, inspiring their students, and teaching them how to cite their sources.
Agreed - so why not fully fund public education?! #DumpDeVos #SOPublicSchools
Why can't you answer a simple question YES or NO??????? DO OUR CHILDREN A FAVOR AND QUIT
In my opinion, you're a misguided, obscenely wealthy individual, who lacks a large amount of perspective.  Your approach harms the lower class in favor of well to do white Americans and special interests......in other words, your cronies.  Typical GOP audacity.
So why are you doing everything in your power to undermine public education?
You are not qualified for the job you have.

Evidence that @BetsyDeVosED is unqualified and racist https://www.facebook.com/attn/videos/1698508686851250/ …
And so can not protecting transgender children. How dare you be so blatantly trans phobic. You are an unfit person for this role. Stop putting barriers in front of our children so they can actually obtain an education. Step down!
Your commission for school safety is a friggin joke! No law enforcement, no teachers, no school administrators! The unqualified Betsy Devos, and three other republican from the swamp of Donald Trump! You really do not give a  about schools or children! Shame on you!
Duh duh dohhh you are spoopid.
You didn’t go to public school. Neither did your kids. You never taught. You’ve proven to be wholly ineffective. No ill will meant, resign.
NO MORE COMMON CORE! GET RID OF THIS DUMBING DOWN OUR KIDS
Is your entire family corrupt or just you & your brother?
Well well well Trump’s N.Y. golf club once again asks to hire immigrant workers http://nydn.us/2G8Towx 
You suck. Stop smiling. Nobody else is.
Hard to attain an education when you're going to be shot at school.
You know nothing about education, so frankly, your opinion is irrelevant. If you truly cared about all of our nation’s children, you would resign. It is shameful that you ever were able to buy this position, let alone stay in it as long as you have.
Left a word out. Need the Chance and the MONEY to attain it.
@RepKClark 
As Rep Clark said...it only took a YEAR to get Secretary "Devoid" to say 'Yes'.
The focus of this budget is to keep the advantaged, advantaged and the financially challenged people a safe distance from the advantaged. It’s called racism.
You have no business being in that position. What qualified you? Your job so far is a joke. You are so disconnected. Resign so that we have time to clean up the mess you’ve made. It’s quite evident that you don’t have a clue...you couldn’t even say yes or no.
Just saw you being interviewed yesterday by Congress. My God, what a horrible person you are.
Betsy could you teach Donny how to spell? Maybe not your not the sharpest knife in the drawer. If it wasn't for your three hundred million dollars you give trump you wouldn't be where you are. Is your brother still meeting Russians?
You are a horrible representative of our educational system and you need to resign
SOMEONE PLEASE HAVE THIS "woman" FIRED!!
You are a horrible person
Liar
Crippling student debt changes the trajectory of students’ lives as well, why are you siding with predatory loan sharks who take advantage?
Please resign
Yes or No????????????????
The only true change is to get rid of liberal policies in the public school system
Funny how you’re trying to destroy education, especially public education.
But just for the white, rich, and Christian kids, right?  Because God forbid someone else has a chance.
Today would be a GREAT day to fire Betsy @realDonaldTrump This person is NOT an educator and pure evil - similar to yourself.
@BetsyDeVosED You are SO in over your head - and TOTALLY unqualified! You are ONLY in this cabinet post because you donated tons of money to @realDonaldTrump "Fatty Donny" - who is ALSO unqualified @ should be impeached! YOU SHOULD BE FIRED @BetsyDeVosED NOW!
Then fund public education. Maybe we should outlaw private and charter schools like Finland so when YOUR grandkids go there, it’s funded.
This is a truly Noble goal. But without teachers that are paid reasonably in relation with other professions this goal will be much harder to Attain. Teachers cannot be treated as second-class Citizens and have the community that they serve benefit the same way.
Why is this happening?? Stop this Lawlessness and take care of American children! #ourtaxdollars
One has nothing to do with the other...if your focus is $ you should be just as upset the wannabe dictator spends millions of our dollars while we pay him to stay in his own resort.
Lovely! So, you aim to pay teachers a living wage? Excellent news. Maybe I can afford to go back to teaching now.
When researchers control for effect of poverty, US scores near top of the world = the problem is poverty, not teachers, schools of education, unions, etc.

