OSERS is excited to welcome aboard its new Assistant Secretary, Johnny Collett! 
You are an awesome Secretary of Education, keep up the good work. 
Russian troll.
 Sorry  you have me mistaken and you are paranoid.
Oh really, only Russians would support this trash.
LMAO! you are paranoid! Trash? Supporting school choice isn’t trash. Not a Russian but I am part Polish does that count? 
Omg ,  choice ! She will give you that while she has NO IDEA, oh yes FAPE is French desert 504 is a state route ! Good luck .
She has more of an idea than you do. Why are you still responding to comments that are over a month old? Go seek some help if you can! 
Can you tell he teach you about IDEA?
SHE thinks FAPE is French Desert, 504 is a stae route, and IDEA is just a dream !! This administration is horrid from top to bottom.
Bahahahaha.  Love it!!  Can just imagine what she thinks LRE is.
that was state route
My sons administrators didnt know what LRE was, and it took me 4 years, and we did get them FIRED ! Lets hope people children staff dont have to go what we went through...
What ever her ignorant appointy made fun of the disabled, Yep they are great people !!!!!!! I bet God told you they are wonderful.
Keep up the good work,you were left a mess and appreciate all that you are doing. Thank you.
What has she done, got a patsy job because trump owed her brother a favor
Wow.  I'm sorry there is so much hate being sent to you.  Don't take it personal.  I get hate and love thrown at me from Both sides. Hate is mostly from those who don't know me and are either upset that I haven't cut their taxes or upset that I'm a Christian.
whats with the HATE, its called unqualified ignorance.. Does not matter how you label it, she is brainless, and If you dont know what IDEA is you know nothing. The truth is called TRUTH. Face it Snowballs
Can he then explain how the vouchers will benefit special education?
Different abilities.  Do you even know the proper language for your office?  Just resign.  Go back to your pyramid scheme.
what's his baggage?

tell us now before its outed
Great news, thank you for all you do!
May God bless you and the work of your hands.

Lifelong SLP for K-6; Natl Teacher OTY finalist. I helped my BF develop several lesson plans across 20 years, but I am no more qualified to fulfill Johnny's role than he is, nor you to fill yours. Do what's right 2 help Rick, Ryan, Andrea & Elissa. Do what U R 2 disgrace them. GL
Yes, please! Tired of the fight w schools to get help & paying out of pocket for what schools are responsible to address. Such as language for deaf/hard of hearing kids. Schools find money for football helmets but not sign language interpreters. Which kids are more important?
And yet you want to implement federally funded school choice ... 
Do you know most private/parochial schools are not required to accept nor accommodate students with unique learning needs. They can pick and choose their students and have no assessment accountability.

What if the plan? When will schools be held accountable for following ADA, IDEA & Section 504?
DeVos rescinds 72 guidance documents outlining rights for disabled students - The Washington Post
Little does she know that parents have them imbedded in there brain , staff also ! She needs Sonabella on that neck with all her money !
You might as well just throw rocks at the brains of school children because that’s how bad you are at your job.
Says your political master -- care to explain how she's bad, or were you told that by someone you fear
You're a real genius. Let's start your very now quiet and ignorant self with a trip to the fountain of knowledge. Take your first sip of knowledge you freaking moron! And this is just the tip of the iceberg. Open-minded folks start here:
least he has a background in education. but is he actually the best person for the job? lol.
you still have not gotten rid of Common http://core.My  grandson is in special ed work program.Under Obama,these kids,must do it for free and the placement has dropped over 80%.What is being done about that?Nothing
Does he know FAPE is not a French Desert, does he know 504 is not a state highway !! Does he know IDEA s not a dream ! Its reality we fought for, if he knows whats best he WONT MESS with it ! Wonder what hi credentials are, Church Janitor.

Welcome and he has a great background!
When is the DOE going to roll back some of the burdensome ESOL mandates that have come down the last several years? They are crippling education.
Lies
Great job you're doing Betsy. Thanks for all you are doing.



AFT: “According to our recent stress survey, 86% of educators feel  disrespected by @BetsyDeVosEd. In fact, more American educators feel  disrespected by DeVos than anyone else in the entire world. You can’t  blame Bush & Obama for that.”
You are an embarrassment and a sh!thole.  Resign, go back to Grand Rapids and keep your ignorance local rather than national.
You are a Sh^thole.
Hey Betsy, which of your nimrods we’re monitoring this charter school???

Betsy EQUAL OUTCOMES <> EQUAL OPPORTUNITY and SKILLS BASED EDUCATION <> KNOWLEDGE BASED EDUCATION #REPEALESSA #RESTOREFERPA #ENDFEDED @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
God sees you for the fake Christian you are. #resist
Well, it is about time someone with true credentials in education. You should at least pay attention and learn.
Maybe you can improve outcomes by fully funding the mandate then?
When are you coming to San Francisco or atleast look at what they are doing to special education student. SF locks children up Beats them on tape and erase the tape in 30 days reuses services, all while the Governor sits back and watch.
Your incompetentance is killing the school system. Please step down. You are incapable of being in this position.
I’m sure he has interests in some company that he will soon hire to do something meaningless for a lot of money. You know, like you.
Wow, you actually hired someone who has worked in the trenches.
What are you going to do about the school loan crisis in America?  Biggest racket push on America!!  Go to college!!  At the cost of lifetime bondage!!!  Stop holding millions hostage through student loans.
Every single high school should have a library.  Why has the libraries been closed down in both the high schools here where i live?  This is not acceptable.
If you had one qualification for this job that might make sense. #unqualifified #swampwater #RethinkDeVos. You are @realDonaldTrump broken promise to drain the swamp. You dishonor all who work hard and serve.
Secretary Devos thank you for your service and all you do for America and the education system...MAGA
How ground breaking, Devosless at the top of the unforgettable list of misfits.
Ahhh go home and please just resign!
why does everyone in this administration look like a gotdamn James Bond villian?
You're garbage~!
She just awarded a government contract that collects student loans to windham proformant, that she and/or the Devos family still have financial interests. They lost the original contract for unethical practices before she becam secretary of education.
Crooked lying republican. Trying to scam all you can from tax payers to fund your private businesses. Vote against all republicans in future elections
Congratulations, you have officially hired someone with qualifications. Now if you could tell Trump how to do that for your job that’d be great
He is more than qualified.  He does however support vouchers which private schools are not required to inform parents that they lost their vocal rights regarding education when they accept the voucher.
Great job, Betsy! Picking someone from hillbilly country is right up your alley! (“Get off me, Pa! You’re crushing my smokes!)
That’s awesome. Please change SSI rules to allow DACS and other Individual who are disabled to work more so they don’t lose SSI dollars! Give them the real ticket to work! Change these rules please!
Another fraud
Madam secretary can you please help me with my statistics class?
This would require knowledge on the subject, so no, she can't.
Haha... are you any good at math?
I'd bet a bell curve on it.
Hopefully he’s actually qualified unlike you. However, I’m not holding my breath.
YOURE STILL HERE!??
Great job Mrs. DeVos!  Don't listen to the nay sayers. They just want to keep following the same failed policies that have put our education system in the sorry state that it is today.  Only the AFT has benefited.   Not our children.  Sad!
How much did he pay for his job? Is he woefully unqualified like you?
Why haven’t you resigned yet?
Hello @BetsyDeVosED I was just thinking about you. I was wondering what changes have made since being sworn in to this position. I haven’t heard much from you. Please share more of how your supporting the President agenda. And stomping out the socialism in the classrooms.
Thank you Betsy for your hard work.  I thank God for you.
Betsy, Revel in the hatred of the teachers' unions! It means you're doing things right. I and other parents thank you for transitioning the Dept of Ed from a jobs program to an agency that puts education first!
Save our schools Betsy
Everything out of your elitist mouth is one lie after another.
Will this guy tour the country wasting our tax $ on #PhotoOps with black children too? #WeThePeople, yes ALL of us need our #Broken #Neglected #DumbingDown #EDU System FIXED. What Exactly have YOU done to help our children, Let Alone this new HIRE? #Resume on him HERE->

Please get on your private jet and leave!
How about just telling the superintendents to stop telling the principles to stop telling the teachers to stop recomending holding back a child that is not ready to move to the next grade. Maybe, just maybe they can understand and pass a test when they are actually ready.
*principals, and **recommending.
How much extra money are you making by owning the company dealing with student loans? Completely corrupt
RESIGN!
How unqualified is this person? If you’re appointing them they can’t have a clue.
I’m sure he’s as horrible as you are.  Couldn’t you buy yourself a job doing something that doesn’t undermine something as important as the education of our kids?  How about managing a few DQ’s, or Starbucks shops?  , you’re a piece of 
Betsy DeVos has a vision for education in America involving creepy Christian schools and homeschooling w/no oversight opening the door for abuse like this.  #ResignBetsy  #DumpDevos
I gave you my ear and attention in 2017, vowing that I would listen to both sides. I did. What I discovered, sadly, is I was already right. You have no interest in education or telling the truth. So I won’t listen to you anymore. I will celebrate your leaving that office. #resist
She only cares about creepy Christian schools and homeschooling.  This is her vision for education in America!  #DumpDevos
If you are thrilled, he’s gotta be a dumpster fire.
You are an incompetent #kleptocrat.
Stop messing everything up
How will we address your disabilities?
You are a national disgrace in a sinking ship.
You're using a position you bought with millions in campaign donations to the shameless @SenateGOP to actively enrich yourself. Giving sweetheart deals to loan companies you have PERSONAL INVESTMENT in.
You are actively undermining students with special needs. You are unfit for this position. Take your massive wealth and buy a job you're qualified for.
Crybaby snowflakes lolololololololol
What are his qualifications?  Millionaire donor?
He's an expert in the DeVos homeschooling method.  #DumpDevos  #UnfitForOffice
Not a shock that we have yet another in charge of teaching who has never worked in an actual public school classroom.
I hate to ask, or rather find out, what his background is.
I checked. Apparently he’s actually directed many departments of special ed and was a special ed teacher.
Are there any 'signs' of an awakening of the D damaged minds of 'School Teachers' in America???? Ds Manifesto: Lie, Extort, Threaten, Use 'propaganda media' to destroy people, 'Eliminate' any person who fails to obey instructions!
I pray that he actually has a brain and heart and is qualified, unlike @BetsyDeVosED. Please tell me he earned this position through hard work and dedication TO & FOR students and families. I have little faith in that given this past year’s constant disappointments. #resignDeVos
Is he qualified in any way?  Oh wait...I forgot.  All you need to be appointed to anything in this administration is a rich idiot with a mean streak.  My bad.
Please assure students with oculomotor dysfunction from #TBI get the accommodations they need
Did he pay as much as you did for the position?
We would be more thrilled if you actually did something positive for students in your position...
Did he buy his job too?
1/4 students are visually impaired. Vision is one of the greatest indicators of student success
@ED_Sped_Rehab awesome and THANK YOU!
How else are you going to destroy my child’s chances? #prenatalstroke #microcephaly #braindamage #not herfaultdontpunishher #specialneedsfamily #specialneedsgetchancestoo
How much does it take for an obviously unqualified candidate to buy a cabinet post in a position that she knows nothing about?
vet funds for community colleges.  people are using it as an income and not education.  One gal I know has been going 5yrs.  Flunks or incompletes yet keeps getting refunded every year.
Congrats @johnnywcollett! May I suggest your 1st order of change should B ensuring a #FAPE 4 all students in SpEd, and 4 the 1in5 #Dyslexics that R #denied a #FAPE all over our Country, my 10 year old included. #ImplementScienceBasedIntervention & #LanguageBasedClassrooms NOW
@1in5awareness
Betsy is unqualified.
You are the most unqualified person to hold your position.
How does it feel to get a job for being a boot licking sycophant?
I bet you have no idea what it takes to be a special education teacher in a public school. You probably would rather pray for God to rid a child of down’s syndrome or autism than try to help public schools and teachers better their lives.
She would recommend the DeVos homeschooling method.  #unfit  #FireBetsy  #DumpDevos
Please don’t tweet anymore! We’re all trying to forget you exist.
Clueless.  You are lining your damn pockets with those two contracts you awarded.  You have a vested interest in one of them.  SHAME ON YOU!  You are not fit to be Secretary of Education.

Is he an unqualified grifter just like you?
When is the education of our children going to be fair & balanced?  Right now it is full of left wing Dimms who sound more like Communist than Center right or Center left which is where we should be focused. MAGA
Literally one of the stupidest tweets so far this morning.  Do you just spew right wing media talking points? Seriously, that is nearly an exact quote I have heard on Fox and Infowars.
She is a supporter of the DeVos homeschooling method.  #DumpDevos  #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
Just like I said all along you’ve set yourself up to make money off student debt. Your shameful !
#ComplicitGOP
Quit your job.
Hooray for kleptocracy!!!
You mean strip the rights away from students with disabilities?
Is he as unqualified as you are?
That’s a tall order.
