You’ve slashed Title I funding by 18.2%. You are pure evil. This will decimate schools & send that funding to rich parents to further subsidize their private schools
Which charter school does your child go to? Public schools outperform despite the fact charter schools don’t have to play by the same accountability rules & can pick and choose students. Vouchers are a scam:
You should read some actual research & look at the data. Vouchers actually harm students. All this does is siphon funds from public schools to unregulated profit schools.
Did you... read the research? Vouchers have a negative impact on student achievement. Period.
The blue state fights school choice because of the teacher’s unions. Shut down the Department of Education & pass a national law that all students in every state should be allowed to get school vouchers.
No it does not. Your proposal will cut funding for children, destroy public schools, and create great schools for rich kids, and no schools for the rest of us.
you aren’t an educator,nor have you ever attended a public school.Your budget proposal will completely dismantle public schools;give more $ to the rich so they can choose a school with lower expectations,no accountability,& less successful grads.Your are ill-equipped for this job
Vouchers do not improve student achievement, Stanford researcher finds | Stanford News
For rural America, school choice could spell doom
DeVos voucher plan would exacerbate educational inequality | TheHill
Michigan Gambled on Charter Schools. Its Children Lost. - The New York Times
Wealthy Families Can Spurn Integration With School Choice - The Atlantic
Top 10 Reasons School Choice Is No Choice | In reality, it’s just a scam to make private schools cheaper for rich people, further erode the public school system and allow for-profit corps to gobble up education dollars meant to help children succeed.
I wonder if whoever sponsored that article wants our kids to stay in the public school setting to be indoctrinated into their beliefs. If they have a choice - God forbid - they might actually have a broader view of the real world. We wouldn't want them to THINK now, would we?
I wonder if you bothered to read it? Or anything that disagrees with your preconceived beliefs?
No, it does not. Devos takes money AWAY from public schools that educate over 85% of children of color & the poor & invests those $$ in charter schools: her preference. Yet, Devos has no PhD or EdD in education or pedogogical studies. She’s not qualified 2 make such decisions!
Until students in public schools have to be randomly drug tested, we will continue to see horrible deterioration of attitude, health and danger! Schools are paid for by taxpayers! You could make this happen!! We have 6 graders here using and selling!!
The @NAACP backs up its call for a moratorium on charter schools with something often missing in today's political environment - #facts.
Michigan hates you and this is why.  You care not one iota about helping "all" kids have access to quality education.  You care about the privatization of education & $$.  You care about eliminating situations where rich white kids are taught alongside poor kids.
From Michigan, I totally agree. The DeVos's also run who gets elected to MI Gov't. Say, three hopefulls, they pick the one they want then spend copious amounts of money in ads defaming other two. When your filthy rich, you can do that!
The WORST thing that could have happened to the education system in this country is that @realDonaldTrump have appointed you as Secretary of Education! Do you know that are kids going to school in the middle of winter without a coat?Or money to pay 4 a meal?
By taking money from public schools! You're not helping public schools one bit!
This budget will decimate public schools - which educate over 90% of American children and outperform the voucher scam schools you push so you can enrich yourself. You’re disgusting.

Stem education is based on the Russian communist model and is an offshoot of School-to-Work.  Try returning to the 3R's and putting discipline back into our schools. The employers want this workforce without having to pay for the training ergo the Stem Program..
We got board of ed in 1980 and performance has dropped since...
CAN IT HELP TO KEEP OKLAHOMA STUDENTS IN CLASS 5 DAYS A WEEK, DO YOU NEED A GRANT TO COME IN ON DAY 5, IF YOUR SCHOOL CAN'T AFFORD THE LIGHTS.

Putting the most vulnerable public school students last to push privatization. Placing all of the most handicapped students into the most poorly funded schools.
What is the solution for families where the state or district only offers “failing” schools? Add to that families that do not have transportation to cross district lines?
There needs to be reforming of the FSA. My daughter got 1/2 of year financial aid and paid for the second half of the year herself.  Because the 1st  half of year cost more than the 2nd half, she can't claim her expenses  on her tax return. How is this fair to students?
Taking money from publicly owned schools to give it private run entities.

42% of Americans have an unfavorable view of @usedgov 
The highest share expressing a negative view of the 10 fed agencies @pewresearch surveyed …
I have a question for you (not that you care bc you haven’t done anything about it) but how are you going to solve “Lunch Shaming” at the school across US?

U.S: 'lunch shaming' policies that humiliate children with meal debts
You are a POS Ed Sec. Please resign and go bs k into your plush hole and never come out
End common core in Georgia AS PROMISED! Make American Schools Great Again!
Doctor to the person who came to the hospital for treatment:. "I'm denying you care in order to expand your cure opportunities, and to put you first, and to empower you to cure yourself."
Giving federal funds to private schools is NOT in the best interest of poor children. You are ensuring competition and promising that the most desperate, most needy among us will be the biggest losers. Private entities will win over families.
Your desire to slash funding for low income students to go to college is evil. You’re pure evil.
Betsy, I personally am very happy to have someone in this position who really wants to make this failing system better.  It is a disaster and a. Example of so much self dealing from people who DO NOT CARE about our children, our future.
Betsy has no idea how us Peons live from day to day. When you're filthy rich, sent all your children to private schools, had no problem getting them there or worries about cost, hard to relate to the other side. Both parents employed, going to work opposite way of Charter School!
Betsy DeVos putting students first*
*Exception: Trans kids
That's the religion in her. I wonder if she's ever asked her religious self "What Would Jesus Do"?
Do you even understand what you are doing & who you advocate for?  You don’t advocate for my students because you don’t understand their needs. ASK A TEACHER!!  #askateacher #dumpdevos
She only relates to the very rich life she lives and opportunities available to her as a given that struggling regular people don't have. Like 2 parents working with children that need to get to school each day. The BD way is a Charter School miles away from their home! HMmmmm
LIAR!
#Dutchmafia
Liar
Another lie from Betsy. Her budget hits low income students the hardest.
@jontester says your cutting BILLIONS in education funding--who a liar? You or SenTestor..I'm betting your the liar!!
I would not trust you to be in charge of a school bake sale.
#2 It is positioning to boost her charter schools. Most charters are earning low marks & it diverts needed money from public ed. Poor families do not have the means for transportation to other schools = hurting students. Families who have means get monetary gains. New tax scam?
#1. DeVos proposal: moving the Office of Innovation and Improvement, which oversees programs dealing with charter schools and private schools among other things, into the Office of Elementary and Secondary Education, this would not require congressional sign-off.


how much of the budget is going to public schools
In the aftermath of the Parkland school shooting, why isn't Sec. of Education, Betsy DeVos taking a stand against gun violence?

Oh that's right, she's too busy trying to protect our kids from "grizzly bears" in our schools, while traveling in her 12 private jets & 4 helicopters.
What makes you qualified to make decisions on our children’s education, remember these children are our future, with you they don’t have none.
The principal of public education is to make education available to everyone no matter their station in life.  Private schools should be optional only, financed by the families who choose to send their children there.
How about giving educators the resources so badly needed.
This is not school choice. It’s going to ruin public education with “school choice” voucher scheme. More opportunities for the wealthy. How about strengthening public education instead of trying to destroy it.
You need to change your Twitter bio bc you're not actually an advocate for all children. Just the straight ones.
I know you need good help. Please consider my wife and me. PhD candidates in Higher Education School Administration. Taught in private, Christian, Charter, and Public schools for over 25 years each. Diverse student population. Debbie has 2 B.S. in sec. ed and an M.A. elem. ed.
Where do we turn when the State DOE does not enforce their own IDEA, FAPE, ADA, Section 504? State need Federal oversight or laws are ignored!
@dutchgirlusa - Unfortunately, it appears @POTUS & @BetsyDeVosED really don’t care about any of it. 
You’ve already indicated that you refuse to protect our most vulnerable students, including trans and gender expansive students and victims of sexual assault. So where is the money really going?
I’d stayed in the same cabin with you and your family in Nagano Olympics. I miss music program in public schools. Music brings “Rich” in human heart. And you can produce a new job opportunity for young generation. There are inexpensive instruments, for example, e-violin.
2 Days Before..#browardshooting 

Was Giving Power to States in Our Children's Best Interests America

@news_guild 

Should #School Districts Benefit Sovereign Status @TheJusticeDept
You do realize you didn’t spell opioid correctly in your graphic. Time to re-think educational funding.
@BetsyDeVosED You are NOT an advocate for students and those that need protections most. You do not value public education nor the well-being of students with diverse needs. You are NOT Christian,  and we see through you. I give you an F! You are so unqualified. Shame on you!
Do you really think it is Right, Good & Fair for students who have been Victims of Known Defrauding Schools Are now to have to pay for being a victim? Your choice of putting Financial Institutions before Innocent Victims Speaks Volumes.  ALL you care about is $$$ for Rich.
Forget "school choice" and invest the money in "school survival" : fences, metal detectors, security guards. Protect our students' lives!
The @NAACP backs up its call for a moratorium on charter schools with something often missing in the political environment created by @RealDonaldTrump - #facts.
You're a disgrace & a joke! And... U are most definitely unqualified! U are doing your best to destroy public education. U should be ashamed . I've #InviteDeVos 4 awhile now & nothing. This #PublicSchoolProud #UnionProud teacher will not be quiet & I will fight back. 
Heard you donated your salary. See, I knew you were awesome. Thank you.
Betsy, i guess you were shooting grizzly bears in Florida ?  You bought yourself a job hypocrite snob?   Protect children? You got blood on your hands.
Ma’am you are living proof that “It’s not what you know, it’s who you know”! How does anyone in this administration sleep at night?  That’s right...no one has a conscience!

You are a very bad rich woman! No wonder people don’t like you!!!
It doesn’t do any such thing. Not everyone is as dumb as you are. Stop lying.
Um, how does it do that? You should go back to school and learn how to use evidence to support claims.
I hope your policies are enacted so our children can look forward to a bright future climbing up the great Amway pyramid of prosperity.
This truly is a major first step in passing directing authority from our present post GWB federally controlled and funded educational system back to where it belongs Pre GWB era as a constitutionally sound and legislated aspect of State and Local governments. #Bravo to help #MAGA


Do you teach our kids? Walk a beat in our community? Care for the most in need among us? Then you’ve earned student debt relief for your service. But @realDonaldTrump wants to take it from you. Want to help me stop him?
Ms. DeVos: What are your qualifications for your position?
If you have any decency, you should resign instead of ignoring trans students' complaints, eliminating protections for college rape victims, and denying financial aid for students scammed by for-profit colleges. Do what is right for students, not for yourself and your friends.
#UnAmerican VIDEO actual #SchoolChildAbuse #TORTURE Politicians pander toSouthern Religious Conservatives Hold CHILDREN'Srights toViolence-Free Education HOSTAGE 7 states=80% Title I PUBLIC SCHOOL BEATINGS #SexualViolence #MeTooK12 #SpareTheRod #OPPRESSION https://www.tennessean.com/story/news/local/williamson/2017/07/13/tennessee-comptroller-investigate-corporal-punishment-students-disabilities/475608001/ …
It hurts my feelings when political sycophants in positions far beyond their capabilities wreak havoc on the educational system.
Just resign. You are utterly unqualified for this role. Look who you paid to get it? A man who needs pictures and videos for his daily intel briefings. You and your boss are a disgrace to our country. #IncompetentCruellaDeVos
Why do u always look like you have no idea what’s going on?
You don’t deserve your paid for play job you are too stupid for it
Hahaha! You are down to getting around 300 likes. What a loser.
What a joke. Protecting our most vulnerable students means not ignoring civil rights complaints from trans students. You continue to be utterly unqualified for this job. Resign already!
Can you tell Donald to show us his titties please
Your lack of sympathy towards #Transgender students is disgraceful. Shame on you! #LGBT #LGBTQ #Students #Hate
Shame on you Betsy! #Education #DumpDevos
The BIG lie.
You really trust these demo state's to educate kids. The only thing there teaching them is to hate whites and how to be gender nutruel
Home Depot sucks
This whole administration is disgraceful
You're a hack with no experience. No vouchers. Please go away !
Proofread your work, @BetsyDeVosED
You have proven that money can't buy class or compassion.  #resign
You're am absolute disgrace to the educational system and the only thing you care about is destroying the children's future .
LGBT kids are vulnerable too.  Protect them.
Most vulnerable? Like trans & handicapped? I thought not.
She means white Christians... and what she really means is future Klan members.
Oh, I just misread that. I saw “family members” instead of “Klan members.”
While damaging public schools. This is a travesty.
Unless they are gay, black, poor, or any combination. You disgust me.
Worst Administration ever. Worst choice for education.
You need to leave. Both of you.
Our most vulnerable students need the federal funding for special ed actually funded.
How much are you and your friends pocketing?
Love the choice idea
You will have to make big changes in the spec educ, teachers are using it so it can make it easier on them. How is it possible that only here and nowhere else in the word students are developmentally delayed.
Fuck you you small minded hateful fuck
Thank you Betsy. You're doing A Wonderful job 
Bot.
Nobody believes you
You’re are delusional. A waste of space! Nothing that you have done has made an impact... for our children.

I already have an Addendum to add.
~School Choice? ~ How to make this Really Work?

No Jokingh., I want backpacking and camping part of education.
6th Grade Forward,
i want to be able to across the entire nation for @usedgov
Money or Not. Go where /.@CollegeBoard can @qualify me.
Vouchers are always the first resort of scoundrels without genuine ideas. You are a disgrace to United States education and you're only in your job because of your $ and dubious family connections. Most of America will applaud in relief when you leave the stage.
What is being done to stop the horrible Child Abuse going on in public schools teaching  perversion propaganda?  This must be stopped!!!!!
Resign now!
Libs dems do not want an educated population
You will never oppress trans kids you witch
No. No, it doesn’t.

So you haven’t resigned yet? Even though you got an F from teachers—like a huge majority of them, 75%? Oh, I know you don’t give a crap about teachers. I mean you’re only the Secretary of Education!
Come to think of it, you don’t give a crap about students, either. Just like the POTUS who handed you your position after conspiring with your sociopathic brother. Au contraire, you’re making money hand over fist from student loans. Conflicts of interest, much?
Everyone hates you, from sea to shining sea. Get out of our lives.
And the PSLF?
#ResignNow you evil woman.  Your experiment FAILED in Michigan....what is your motivation to inflict the same on the entire nation?  https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/education-k-12/news/2018/02/12/446423/trump-devos-continue-undermine-public-education-proposed-fiscal-year-2019-budget/ …   #RIPGOP
#ProtectTransStudents
You are unqualified for this position.  You should be ashamed of yourself.  Collaborator!!!
When building a house, you call a contractor. If you need surgery, you call a surgeon. Need a haircut? Go to the barber. If you need someone educated, you get a teacher. Yet this no-nothing wife of a soap saleman is given control of the education in this country. What a joke.
Opportunity grants for whom?  Neither you nor POTUS has the integrity, intelligence, or experience to understand the catch-phrases that you so obviously didn’t write.
I teach in a school of 1,800 students built for 1,000 students; 75% are F&R lunch. How does a 10.5% cut to federal funding protect the "educational opportunities of these vulnerable students"?
Betsy, you have to read these tweets. Look at how these people feel, how angry they are. The ones they care most about are being attacked, programs are being defunded that have a real impact on the quality of life of American children here. Please listen, you can help.
Your budget takes 1 billion from public schools to private religious schools. How much money does your greedy family need to just go away already? Why you don't put a pyramid scheming Amway exec in charge of our schools. I hope you go to prison and take your brother with you.
Stop the out of control pork barrel spending.  Get rid of fed $ going to education.
You’re so strung on data? Well, data shows that vouchers don’t work. Stop trying to make it happen. It’s never gonna happen, bitch.
You’re a total pig, on the inside AND on the outside.
#RethinkDeVos
Your policies are not based on actual evidence or research in education. You are not in anyway qualified for this position except your checkbook. How can you live with yourself? You are damaging children’s futures.
Vouchers an old concept, tried & proven to be only for the rich. Didn't work in the OLD days & won't work now. On top of that you SHOW you care nothing about the poor or LGBT daily, then want to cry cause your hurt. You need to resign as your destroying our education for children

If you really want to care for vulnerable children, you make sure every single one, regardless of gender, is safe in school.  That is your job according to the gov website.  Next time you want a hobby, try buying an ambassadorship instead of a job with consequences.
Your constant endeavor to make school an uncomfortable and even hostile environment for LGBT students is reprehensible. You have no right walking in the front door of any American school. Go donate all your money to Putin! Leave please.
Except for transgender students, right?
Stop ignoring the conserns of transgender students and maybe... actually please go find a new job
What will be the requirements for use of this money? Will charter schools be held accountable for discrimination and harassment? Who will financially benefit? Will you explain these opportunity grants?
You don't defend the rights of all students @BetsyDeVosED. Neither does @potus, which is why @realDonaldTrump put you in your chair.
It’s incomprehensible to me that anyone charged with ensuring ALL children have a safe environment to learn in would purposefully and cruelly put any of them at risk by not fully tending to their needs. Shameful.
Agreed! @BetsyDeVosED is a rich political hobbyist with delusions of grandeur. Right in line with @realDonaldTrump...
May God bless all of our children and you Betsy.
THANK YOU BETSY!! THANK YOU @POTUS !!!This I definitely the right direction!!!
hi betsy id like to let you knoe that i despise you and the fact that youre in power in this country is a prime example of how downhill it is going.
know*
what an amazingly brazen lie. you’ve never cared about the vulnerable, betsy.
Pound sand
But not transgender students.
You are a disgrace.

You should be protecting the rights of all students - not helping special interests while destroying the department you're supposed to be overseeing.
Why have you not resigned yet, you cant walk into a school without getting a school lunch tossed into your face.
School choice is garbage and if you had one ounce of education training you’d know that. But you don’t. You’re a rich girl who found a hobby. Get out.
BULLCRAP! #TrumpAdminSucks #DeVosIsAPOS
What a liar!  @POTUS budget cuts @usedgov by almost $5 billion! Eliminates $ for after school. Slashes student aid by $200 billion over ten years.
I thought you were quitting? 

You should.
If only we could trust our locals.  Failing deaf and hard of hearing kids. Left and tight. Here in South Dakota!!  Need Federal oversight
Who are our "most vulnerable student" Betsy? In your opinion, what students fall into that category? #Racist #Bigot #Unqualified #Resign
Putting students first?  You mean only those who use the “correct” bathroom, don’t you?
Yah unless they’re trans right? Then they don’t deserve any rights or protections according to you.
Propose Education for citizens first.  Illegals impact our school and use all the resources.
Creating a system to tell more lies than those being debunked by the facts this generation is willing to uncover to do away European curriculum that undermines the true identity of nations belonging to people of color
You are the one person in this administration actually uniting people from all sides. I’ve yet to meet a person, lib/ conservative/ in the middle who thinks you know what the hell you’re doing. Not even a little bit. Congrats! 
Everyone, despite their political differences, can recognize an idiot.
When are YOU getting rid of the onerous Common Core like you and @potus promised?
Your horrible handling of this dept. & your boss' inhumane & callous budget will hurt kids & schools for years to come. But then again, what can we expect from someone who bought herself a job she's not remotely qualified for. Oh & #TransRightsAreHumanRights you bigot.
This is exciting! Let’s get this thru @GOP !
Caveat: unless they’re transgender
Go. Home.
Get rid of all the school loans that have so many of us choking on the burden and predatory actions by the government against its owe citizens!!!
Grand Rapids never wants you to come back. Just stay away.
Wrong
Poor old Betsy. Such irony that a woman possessing the intellectual curiosity of a cup holder, somehow ended up in this position. Historians will look back on your tenure and remark at the rich irony of being so uniquely unqualified for a cabinet level position.
"intellectual curiosity of a cup holder"  

LOVE IT!!

(and so stealing it!)

#idiotclub
