I watched you with your vapid smile "listening" to parents, siblings, friends, students, and survivors openly weep and beg for effective action and an end to mass murders. I am appalled by your cold heart, & conniving, undermining agenda to ruin our free public education system.
Her smile was inappropriate for the meeting

Listen to the students. They make more sense than the lawmakers.
Please end he standardized testing nonsense in public schools. Allow our teachers to teach.  Would like to see Ms DeVos more proactively helping our schools not giving vouchers so kids can go to a private or charter school.


NO guns for teachers. Don't be so dammm NRA ridiculous. more guards/metal detectors/hall monitors/cameras/lockdown. Done. Cheaper. No teacher will want to shoot a shooter. They're trained to TEACH. give them bk their 250.00 supply $ u cheapskate broohaha.
Right. 2 tweets and....done!
Please keep schools gun-free zones. #commonsense
And you’re the Secty of Education that believes teachers should have guns another reason why you are not fit for the position deplorable despicable
Stop thinking you’re an important politician, @BetsyDeVosED. You’re a shill for predatory loan companies. You’re an avowed killer of public schools who thinks teachers should have guns.
Dear Betsy, 
The best thing for our schools is to hire recently released veterans as security guards. Many of our veterans are jobless or homeless or without a "mission" to keep them going. They're already trained, and some teachers may object to "carrying".
Remember, Reagan was surrounded by armed Secret Service agents when he was shot, so, having armed guards at schools won't necessarily mean protection for students. I'm sure if it means your rich friends won't make more money, you'll do nothing.
#NRAWHORE
I am appalled at your half-hearted attempt to solve this insidious problem. Your actions eviscerate the public school system, and your half-hearted attempt at caring is pathetic and thinly-veiled.
This is just one of the problems with the hair brain idea of arming teachers .
End common core in Georgia AS PROMISED! Make American Schools Great Again!
Will your mercenary and war crime guilty brother Eric Prince be arming and training these teachers?
Pollack is right. This is not about gun control but #SCHOOL SAFETY FIRST this does not require legislation but grit & determination on school campus to secure its students
I would like to see you resign & these children put in charge seeing as they are far more intelligent than you.
Ban ALL assault rifles. Step one.


We know what works.  Gun control works.
Thank you Ms DeVos for initiating the conversation.
So more of our tax money wasted on nothing travel all so she can pretend to care about anything other than herself
god you are just the worst
Don’t give my teachers a gun. They don’t even have art supplies or money to take vacation.
Can we teachers deduct the guns you want us to carry since I can't deduct crayons anymore? Seriously..why are you in charge of public education? Oh yeah. To privatize it.
Are WE REALLY going to allow OUR CHILDREN to be charged to adults who OPENLY Refuse to defend them? And Fight against it? I say we are FORCED to REMOVE that element from Our Children for the safety of our Children No Amount of Unarmed Admin/Teachers is worth the life of one child



Sack of ... shit this Devos lady!
Here's interesting door security used at Syracuse airport could it be used in schools for security but would need fire exit solution , call me I can visit you
How could sit there with that half smile on your face while those students bleed out to you!! No tears! So very very sad! Someone who has been selected in charge of education not to even have any emotions!!!

Thank you, I support allowing school districts to run their own schools, which would help in discovering and helping troubled kids.
YOU BOUGHT THIS POSITION AND YOU DON'T KNOW HOW TO DO THE JOB-QUIT !!
Why why why did you sit there smiling while painful accounts were shared? What is wrong with you Betsy?
Tell me why you smiled through the entire meeting. There really wasn’t anything to smile at.
I know you and Trump will fix this problem. Even though you both are stupid and don't give a shit about anybody, I'm rooting for you #MAGA
Sweetie, I've seen bumps on logs with more on the ball.
And don't forget that you've drawn back campus sexual assault rules - although this makes sense considering your boss. You're seemingly ok with sexual assault, which makes you vile as fuck.
Your entire agenda is to destroy the public education system so you being here is a joke. You're a joke. Your place in history books (if they even notice your weak ass) will be that you were a menace to the country.
FAKE KIDS WITH FAKE INTERVIEWS.ALL STAGED AND http://SCRIPTED.IT  WAS VERY APPARENT Betsy.
…https://arc-anglerfish-washpost-prod-washpost.s3.amazonaws.com/public/5IHNYFEBW44FVBWFTTK2X63C7U.jpg …
I’m proud of the students that have stood up to you.  Wait till you see the number for gathering in DC and other cities to protest you.
Thank you for listening. It’s a key part of good decision making!
$FUSZ CEO of @nFuszInc @RoryCutaia has the SOLUTION!
If you feel the fear of the recent school shooting in Parkland FL. or the countless others this should be a must watch video for everyone. Well Done Rory
#NeverAgain #schoolwalkout #SchoolShooting
https://nfusz.com/super/ajax/ajax2.php?mediaid=iGV4dw&utm_source=Newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=WeCanDoEmail022018 … …
Arm teachers with supplies and books, not guns.
We need God back in our Schools.
You are the worst in history who is involved with the worst administration in history.  I’m sure you couldn’t outline the ideals of ESSA, IDEA, Title, stop talking, you are not smart and you’re surrounded by other delusional people.  Just go away...
There are no grizzly bears in Florida. REMOVE THE GUNS.


special edu resource classes need to return and inclusion doesn't work..
Teachers need to teach not fill their minds with Liberalism. Tired of hearing what teachers are telling these kids. Let’s get back to basics etc. Secure All Schools not with teachers but with Vets of Military and Police. Random dogs to sniff out drugs.
Trump already had the answers to all the questions - teachers carry and conceal weapon! What a horrible and cowardly idea! You have no intention of changing gun laws. Now we the people will vote in November. DEVos gets an F for the terrible job she is doing.
NO VOUCHERS !!!
Stop the TALKING and do something. NOW
Like what?
Armed guards outside the school. Retired Police and Veterans would love to protect our children. Even trained dogs. Armed teachers is not the answer.
F as in fail! You are a horrible person and an even worse public servant. RESIGN!
You give yourself a B+ to an A??? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! OMG, I needed that laugh. You & the administration you rode in on are a disgrace to this country & humanity itself. I'm ashamed that these magnificent, wounded young adults had to breathe the same air as you. #VoteThemAllOut
How about life alert pendents?  Secure thee campus, controlled entrances  and exits.
How about we ban semi-automatic weapons instead of turning our schools into prisons?
Then someone will come in with a shotgun and kill 6 or 8... is that ok as long as it’s not 20?
Then someone will come in with a handgun and kill 5. Is that ok as long as it’s not 20?
Certain measures won't prevent all killings, so let's just scrap them - great idea. Move along, troll. #NRATerroristOrganization #NRABloodOnYourHands #VoteThemAllOut
Typical #Trump Administration problem solving technique, define the problem to fit a solution the #NRA I mean their donors no wait their base hold on, they can support. 
#WeaponsOfWar KILL IN MASS
#neveragain
May I offer this solution?
In addition to gun control, it is crucial that funding for special education be increased so that students needs can be met. IDEA, is not fully funded - our schools need resources to help students.
Betsy explain how someone like you who is out to destroy public education could possibly care about those students affected by the tragedy in Florida.
You should just resign!
@BetsyDeVosED how would giving teachers bonuses to have guns in the schools help? We are trying to STOP this issue. Let’s discuss the main issue: kindness, respect, and decision making. Teaching these values over the standardized testing will make change possible. #NeverAgain
Ms. DeVos, wipe the smile off your face. You are a disgrace.  All that money and no soul.  You are making America an unfettered cesspool of corruption and ineptitude. Know nothing grifters harming kids, adults, the climate.  Can’t wait until you all get out of  DC.
Good job Betsy!
None of you should be involved in any education decisions. This administration is a disgrace.
Will you publicly call for increased gun control to limit access to firearms? If not, I don't think you care about students or schools at all...
#ListeningSession 1 Solution is go after whats bhind #MassShootings #SchoolShootings #ExcessiveAnger #massmurderers r wound collectors w #ExcessiveAnger & dont 4give http://bit.ly/2xOpF7Z  Get #Forgiveness Ed n2 all schools #SchoolShootings http://bit.ly/2wadDV3   #NeverAgain
#ListeningSession Another reason 4 #Forgiveness Ed/Therapy in schools, prisons, #AngerManagement programs etc #DomesticViolence & guns the hidden American crisis ending women's lives http://bit.ly/2EJ9d99    #DomesticViolence & #Forgiveness http://bit.ly/2z1VhrC   #NeverAgain
#ListeningSession More Reasons 4 #Forgiveness Ed in schools Solution 4 Rampant #Bullying http://bit.ly/29SIN9F   / http://bit.ly/2bnnY3v      #CyberBullying http://bit.ly/2hkrsLd   #Suicide http://bit.ly/2ipxSZQ   Lower #SexAbuse http://bit.ly/2EcmsQg  @ForgiveToday
Hmm....considering you have made sexual assault on campus forgivable and don't understand IDEA for our most vulnerable students, do you really think these students feel you will help protect them from guns?
The US needs to implement a national mental health education component to elementary and secondary education. Check out the Trillium Lakelands initiative (Ontario, Canada) for an excellent program.
You need to lay off of the Botox. Your face looked like a mask yesterday.
.@BetsyDeVosED What kind of person sits with a smile on her face as a child sobs his heart out begging for help from HER??!! What kind of hell do you live in? I pity your complete lack of humanity, but lady, we saw you yesterday. #WeSeeYouBetsy #BetsySmile
I doubt that anything you suggest will be helpful and will most likely be financially beneficial to you and your family
They weren’t there talking to you.  They were there talking to #45.  No one knows or cares who you are.
In addition, Liberal Arts Curriculum Indoctrination Education system the problem & now making a worst corrupt & perverted society. "This group has come up with over 80 hours of sex education for these poor kids. And some of it is straight-up pornography"
If you cared you’d #FundPublicEducation so we can be properly staffed with teachers and affective counselors. But, you’d rather funnel money to #JesusSchools  #NoVouchers
Oh yeah? You thanked to us and the students but you hated public school. That’s something I don’t get about you. Maybe it’ll make school safer if you step down and let someone who experienced in public education take your position. STOP profit yourself. #BanAssaultWeapons
All these students, parents, educators in that room HATE all of you, just an FYI.
.@BetsyDeVosED So how do you propose to pay for improving the safety in public schools when you want to direct all the $ to private schools?
And we look forward to solutions that involve age restrictions, gun ban and mental health $$- and Not arming teachers- a ridiculous suggestion -
School safety = code for turning our schools into prisons.

Are 18 Year Olds really adults in Schizophrenic America? https://ifiwerepresidentiwould.wordpress.com/2018/02/23/are-18-year-olds-really-adults-in-schizophrenic-america/ …
I hope you can look into Boward county schools 'promise' program.
please wipe your mouthes before you say another word. what kind of solutions are you talking about? for what? which devastation of our nations' greatest hope? Education and Safety? You're the the starving jackal and your bosses are the hyenas in a maternity ward of WeThePeople...
Turning teachers into Bounty Hunters being paid a bonus per head that you take out.  Also teachers need to hope they aren’t shit by SWAT in the process.

.@realDonaldTrump's Vision
Cops: Elementary kids find loaded gun teacher left in Pa. school bathroom https://www.cbsnews.com/news/cops-teacher-left-gun-in-bathroom-elementary-kids-found-it/ …
Why were you smiling when you were listening to the painful stories of the survivors??????
Too much botox
For all 3 of you. Fuck you. #DanaLoeschNRADouche #Davos #TrumpTreason #NRABloodMoney #NRAWhore #NRAIsATerroristOrganization #LetTeachersTeach #KompromotPOTUS #BloodOnYourHands
Blah blah blah.
It would be really nice if you just #ShuttheFuckup
Hey Betsy, why were you there? Looking for more new trafficking victims for your brother the war criminal? You've defunded public schools to fellate the KKKristian taliban charter schools. Were you actually interested in education, you could donate BILLIONS to public schools!
You are a heartless and uncaring human being. You are only concerned is about money.  You are not qualified to be head of the education department.  You are tearing the US education system apart just like you did in MI.. You sat their no emotion at all.
Your students are walking out and headed to Washington. Stand with them.
Betsy, have you said anything AT ALL that expresses an actual opinion on this issue? A position paper? An official statement? Or are you always as vague as this tweet?
Our schools need to be hardened.
The country could really use a smart, committed, passionate individual with some actual education experience instead of some fraud/imposter.

You were the scariest of the 3 in your lack of emotional response. #NeverAgain
Again PLEASE resign!
#ArmOurSchools
You guys are not getting it! #STUPIDASS
Please hear us. I don’t want armed teachers/staff at my kids’ schools.
My friend is retired from the US Army. His response to trump’s asinine proposal to arm teachers: “Teachers in America do not have the training, skill set, or the instincts to be bodyguards to children. That isn't their role. Neither should it be forced to become that role.”
Lady, don't flatter yourself. Your presence does not count when it comes to sensitivity and empathy. Your vote doesn't count. You got your job by donating million$ to a prez campaign. How else could you have gotten such a post. And what you've done with that post is criminal.
It’s disgusting to see you seated primly next to trump while he waves bonuses for packing a weapon in front of teachers. You are the absolute WORST Secretary of Education that money ever bought!!!!!
You will probably be thrilled to know that teachers are considering resigning over packing a gun at school.
Teachers: We’ll quit before Trump gets us to carry guns. From @samstein: http://thebea.st/2ojamOA 
Its easy to spot those that believe that government is their religion. They have nothing but bitterness inside and spew hate on social media. Most of these comments make me sick! @BetsyDeVosED thank you for listening.
One of many angles to a solution is have police sub stations located at schools. Office space & community police volunteers conduct report writting & musters at schools. 24/7 law enforcement presence.
Unfortunately you, and the intellectually challenged-in-chief, are woefully unqualified to add any rational, coherent ideas to any discussions pertaining to schools. #schools #TeachersAndGunsDontMix
Machine guns at all corners of the building. 10 foot Moats around all buildings.
You couldn't stop smiling all the way through. That pasted phony smile makes me sick. What the hell are you doing in this seat? You are unqualified and are making horrible decisions for our kids.
You fund pro-NRA politicians that ensure weapons of war are easier to get than mental health care. You are part of the problem. #VoteCourage
Direct governors to deploy the National Guard NOW. No one has time to wait on a legislative measure while ALL schools are a soft target. Metal detectors for entire district  would have cost $5.00 a student if @browardschools had cared. #StonemanDouglas
You just need to go away now. Like really, go away. No one even likes you
maybe next time don't cherry pick people who are only going to say things that fit your agenda
This idiot is supposed to make schools safe?
DeVos, during your confirmation you were ok with guns at school. You said you never know when a grizzly bear might need to be shot. Guess a disturbed emotional child going off on a shooting spree is the new grizzly bear huh? Now you want teachers to shoot them. That’s so f’d up!
Why were you there again? You have proven that you do not care for our public schools or our public school educators? So arming teachers is your solution? Shootouts in the hallways, is that what you want?
You are unqualified. You should resign as we all know you will do NOTHING to improve education and the challenges we face.
Close all public schools and offer parents vouchers for private and charter schools of their choice including religious schools. Then hold those schools responsible for protecting their students.
If we allow gun control to be a partisan issue, we are doing a grave injustice to our youth.  Both parties own these horrifying statistics.  We must come up with a solution that will keep our children safe and allow them their god given right to feel secure.
Still think guns are okay to have to shoot those bears? You’re an embarrassment to hard working educators.
Arming teachers? What next? arming students? You are a disgrace to the Dept of Ed.
Why did you sit there the whole time with that stupid shit-eating grin on your face while these parents and young people shared their stories? You have no business being involved in this since your goal is to defund public education. Go away!
Show initiative. Accomplished nothing!!
" Conversations"? Is that your way of saying budgets are being cut but YET your buddy Don says "arm the teachers"?
I hope you aren't listening to @potus because arming teachers is an insane proposition.
Was it difficult to actually do some work for a change?
I hope you aren’t in charge of anything related to this. Just keep taking your stupid photos and let the competent people get something done.
#PublicSchoolProud teachers look forward to hearing about those convos & hope they will cont to include tchrs, parents, & students....open to the public as well. Your concerns should be with our children, not @NRA  #NotOneMore #StudentsStandUp #NeverAgain #GunReformNow
This remark is so canned and hollow that it literally creates an echo.
Yep. Keep talking. Do nothing but as long as you're talking you feel successful. Pathetic lack of leadership with substance. Or leadership at all for that matter.
I honestly don't know why you continue to tweet! More dislike you and your message than do! #paytoplay#moneytalks#youareanass
Such empty platitudes from another Trump apologist!
Please work on prevention, not reaction. The last thing my 20 9-year-olds need is to know they're in a school of weapons.
So Betsy, have you changed your attitude toward kids in Public Schools, or do you still hold them as Second Class Citizens? Will your personal choice for Safe Private Schools  be your answer to stopping Mass Public School Shootings?
You need to stop talking while you’re ahead.  You don’t have a clue how to be sorry for those students & parents with what they went through.  What they need is an honest politician to Promise to #BanAssaultWeapons #BetterBackgroundChecks and actually mean it and follow through.
You sat there and smiled.  You are a joke.
HOW,
DARE,
YOU.
I look forward to you advancing the argument for #GunControlNow. Gun control has proven to be effective at preventing school shootings. #EnoughIsEnough
You have ice in those veins lady! Not to mention having no heart or soul for children either. Just your "christian" agenda! Resign already!
Betsy, please be so kind, close all these dangerous public schools, and give vouchers to the poor kids so they can attend school if necessary.
BUT WHAT ABOUT THE BEARS, BETSY?!?!! What will we do??????
Are you leaving this to the "states' as well?
How much money will your brother personally rake in, if teachers are supplied with arms???
The bottom line is @BetsyDeVosED will never do a damn thing about school safety.

There's no money in it for her.
I was taught to overcome evil with good, removing all weapons of destruction is overcoming evil with good for everyone. But "I don't care if you don't" @BetsyDeVosED
Were you the lady that sat there devoid of emotion with an inane grin on your face? No emotion shown or tear shed? How strange as I watched at home and was 
She had a grin on her face, because perhaps her brother will profit beautifully from arming teachers throughout the land.
Your sales pitch at the Heritage Foundation today was really disgusting. Freedom in education is obviously the buzzword you've chosen for religiously-sourced education. The Kochs, Mercers, Princes, Trumps, Kushners, Putin want to get 'em while they're young, eh @BetsyDeVosED ?
Get them while they're young is a classic communist/fascist ploy. Know your history or be doomed to repeat it.
It begins in our Public Schools & w/return of Parental Rights, GOD, PRAYER & the 10 COMMANDMENTS, w/discipline, Love & Respect for one another. The Lib Media/Dems incites violence with their Tongue (GUN) speaking words that incite some to carry out their spoken words.Prov 18:21
Condemn the NRA. How about that as a first step to making schools safe?
#ResignBesty
The first thing to do is get rid of members of the government who don't care about kids. S when will you be announcing your resignation?
be better at your job. #teachersvsgrizzlies #betsydevos #devos
Solutions would advance much faster if you were to resign and let someone qualified take over your position...
