You're fucking office is a disaster effected region
OMG!!! 
Please check the curriculum and the LIBTARD teachers teching sex as early as 2nd Grade!! 
Please STOP Islamization of our Public Schools
WTH is happening to our education system in America @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
What happened was the federal government got involved where they have no business
You are the greatest disaster to hit American Education
Your HATE FILLED Tweet confirms the obvious, Besty is doing an outstanding job!!

#KillSocialism
#ENDteachersUnions
@BetsyDeVosED thanks for the addressing the needs of communities across America. @HUBZoneChamber is doing the same through #HUBZone companies. #SmallBusinessWeek
Gross.  Stop kissing this losers butt.  She doesn’t care, unless You have a big check to give to her.
Or a photo op.
your brother RUNS A COMPANY THAT KILLS PEOPLE
What they really need is an education secretary that is actually able to do the job. You know, with real credentials and real experience. Will you be resigning in order to provide them with what they need?
Is there anyone who believes you are doing a great job?
Just her.
The funding I want to see is for equal funding per homeschool student as per public schools. Why can't a parent get paid that same daily stipen if their child passes standard testing?
s-t-i-p-e-n-d.
You are destroying the American education system! You refuse to go to the poor and underperforming schools. You’re completely unqualified for this job. You are the swamp
Then u need to stop the horrible policies Obama put in place in the schools if there r troubled kids in schools that just break laws and fight they don’t belong there it effects every kids that is doing the right things!
What was a specific policy that the Obama administration put on that wasn't working?
Virtually everyone, but you need a normally functioning BRAIN to see the obvious
What took so long to help Puerto Rico?
You couldn’t possibly begin to know what a normal learning environment is for k-12 students. You are the worst! Please resign...think how much happier you’d be as well as the thousands of educators that know you are unbelievably unqualified.
yes, let's restart with your confirmation hearing.
Also the school lunch is disgusting and should be better for our kids!
Then my tax dollars should not go towards public schools and I could use it for private schools!
U r the disaster
You’re a disaster...
The biggest disaster is you in the Dept. of Education
And I am sure you will do everything you can to help rebuild a strong public education system. Or are you opening the door for profit motivated charter companies to run wild with public funds?
LIAR!! This is a bunch of  It’s babble talk with no plans of action. 

#DUMPdevos
Please resign
The real disaster and threat is you.

Thank you for all the work you are doing for our children. Keep up the good work.





So many haters, bring on the charters !
Except in Puerto Rico and any public school, right?
Shut up you sorry excuse for a human. You have zero business having anything to do with students. Unqualified Trumptards
In Peurto RICO?
Please resign
Does that include Puerto Rico?

Restart what? When did they stop?  What changes will help the public school systems?  How about the states, for example, Wisconsin, restoring the funding to districts that were gutted by Scott Walker. Please be specific. How will you do this?
What are you talking about?
So...How is the relief and rebuilding going in Puerto Rico?
You have to get a grip on schools. They should be a place to learn,  not be indoctrinated for the democratic party
You managed to escape without endoctrination, and learning common sense
How many of the teacher strike representatives have u visited?  Do u feel any responsibility to address their concerns?  Do you feel you have been an effective champion of teacher pay?  How much time do you spend on private vs public education issues?  When will you RESIGN?
Call her office and share your opinions!
They don’t answer it’s a mumbling guy spewing something. Can’t even understand him.  
oooo great opportunity, isn't it Bets? to divert cash away from public schools to your favorites -- fundamentalist oriented charter schools!!! AWESOME...ya know, within the next six years, maybe you can utterly destroy public science-based education!!! YOU GO GIRL!
Hey forget you lady. If you really supported that you’d get your boss to help Puerto Rico.
Does this K-12 Restart program apply to school systems that you personally helped to destroy, like Detroit, Pontiac, and Flint?
BUT let’s still enforce those high stakes tests because we really don’t care THAT much #Harvey #HISD
Secretary of billionaire charter school funding.
Forgive school loans from crooked schools.
Great. And once again. What have you done about school safety???
Where's the money Betsy? I suppose if they put Christian in their name and had only rich white kids you'd be all over it, huh?
You are so full of it, I can smell you all the way from Seattle.
Visited any struggling schools recently?  ANY?
What about Puerto Rico ?
How is the Dept.of Ed. going to help kids who are disabled due to the government poisoning their water supply?
Aren't you too busy stealing money from US, Jews, Catholics and Gays, among others, then funnelling it to millionaire Evangelial preachers through fake Charter Schools. Trump ordered @fema to keep Puerto Rico death toll below 88 Hurricane Harvey in Texas so he could cut aid
America hates you.
@BetsyDeVosED is not capable of making the best decisions for our future. Only of it helps the 1%.
Stay strong and thank you @BetsyDeVosED
Describe normal.
Great--go and hurl some more paper towel rolls to people in PR. That'll help.
Thank you ms. Devos this needed to happen. Now delete federal student loans next. Total forgiveness, truly stimulate the economy.
Oh god shut UP
You are the biggest disaster standing in the way of student education
Here in Michigan we have had no natural disasters that have caused damage to schools except you. I was excited when you went to Washington because it got youout of here but you are causing the country worse damage.
Prove her damage? Please? In detail?
Just research betsy Devos, isn't hard to do! Check out her collection agency, the fact that 
Her voucher/charter school program in Detroit failed, doesn't think disabled kids should be in mainstream classrooms, ck. Out windquest llc, neuroCore, etc.
You forgot to mention,...

This is only for the rich, and really only for white students. 

Just sayin’
Prove it
Resign Betsy. You haven't helped any children, you've just enriched yourself and ruined the lives of countless kids in the process.
Yeah, we wouldn't want low income families to have school choice or anything...
School choice means jack shit if you aren't white and affluent.
