Today U.S. Secretary of Education @BetsyDeVosED announced full forgiveness of the hurricane relief loans provided to four Historically Black Colleges and Universities after Hurricanes Katrina and Rita struck the Gulf Coast in 2005. Read more:
https://www.ed.gov/news/press-releases/secretary-devos-issues-full-forgiveness-hbcu-hurricane-relief-loans …
GOD Bless you and your precious family, great job and I pray that you keep up the great work!! I am so Thankful and grateful. My kids need the best leaders in school choice, What a shining light in a dark swamp. Thanks Jeff
You do know that the ONLY reason she is in that position is because of the ton of money she and her family contributed to #45 - right? She has no qualifications for the job; just a boatload of cash.
I suspect we have educators who are not qualified to be teaching our children unfortunately the unions care more about teachers instead of children.  Parents are sick of status quo
Out of touch, rich woman trying to deflect from her poor performance on 60 mins...good for HBCU but you should resign now!
You are a huge burden.
Why do you hate children, Betsy?
Do they get free room and board because of their skin color too?
True Africans are humble hard-working men and women appreciating the United States of America, but people of color born in USA, claiming to be African-American, believe white people owe them everything
You are wacko...
I see you're @JoshYoungLive preaching to your inner city Obama welfare clans
Do you @JoshYoungLive see any spearchuckers in Harvard? Ppl of color have regressed beyond reason after the First Black President, reducing their lives to skin color & #MLK must be rolling over in his grave
There's only  places you'll @JoshYoungLive find Black Panther movie  casting from is in Africa & Olympics
You're @JoshYoungLive probably still using your free
Please get the Communists out of our schools and universities.
Forgive all student loans!
Getting desperate as the end draws near...nobody believes you would ever do anything to help another person. Somehow this profits you.
Getting a pretty clear picture of how bullies are spawned.. parents want change
Who paraded your children around?  Well educated students chose to protest the unnecessary gun violence in schools by walking out of classes in a coordinated effort today. DeVos can’t coordinate conjunctions let alone lead the dept of ed.
Parents are completely shouldering the burden of raising their children, financially, physically, spiritually, intellectually. All to be handed over on a platter to the mind numbing propagandism of the left? They will NOT infringe on my God-given rights! That's why I home-school
Wow so this disaster area's only had black college no other colleges in the area.
Bags packed yet?
These kids protesting are products of common core and a corrupt teachers union. How dare the teachers union exploit medicated kids.?
Hater's are going to hate, don't take it personally. GOD BLESS
60 MINUTES 
I want to say thank my half worked multiple jobs and paid her student loans off, why shouldn't my kids pay for their own loans. College is a privilege and not a right. I am against loan forgiveness, You can't undo education, so pay up! Elitism is alive!
Let's hope u get credit f your positive actions  fr the left!!
What might those be?
Smarter version of you, but otherwise knocked it out of the park

Thank you.
This is great news Betsy. Please resign on a high note.
Stop Mr Kasich from closing the charter schools here!
Do you remember at the beginning of your #FakeJob when you spoke at an #HCBUGraduation....you insulted them because you didn’t know that slavery was a part of how HBCUs came into existence? Do YOU know how to spell Marine Corps? #IdiotPresidentIdiotCabinet
You need to resign.  And your brother, Erik, needs to go to jail...
its all about school choice, right?
Remember that time you said HBCUs were the trailblazers of school choice?
DeVos needs history lesson after HBCU school choice comment
HBCUs?
Is that how much you've learned so far? Four f**king letters?
This is a good thing.
#RethinkDeVos #unqualifified #swampwater
Wow.. only 13 years later
Oh yes your defining moment of nothing.
Resign. You’re worthless.
@amway is a scam and Devos is completely unqualified for her cabinet post.
This is great news. It is a wonderful gesture Mrs. DeVos. The community and students really need the help and am thrilled it’s coming. 
Can you please end your disastrous run and resign already?


And we are all (us grizzly bears) looking forward to full recovery when you finally resign! #Distraction
You should just resign, people aren’t going to stop telling you that you’re awful in your job.
you are bad at Secretarianing........
Your resignation will be a huge step toward recovery for education in this country.
All of your fake #NaziLeft bot accts say this same line...stop dreaming & peel ur butt off that recliner in ur basement.

No one is "resigning", everyone is laughing at you, & life goes on for the rest of us as you melt further into obscurity.
Betsy, we all look forward to your statement regarding the ridiculous student walkouts today in public schools across the Nation. 

Also, when will we be able to get vouchers to avoid sending our children to the horrid Public Schools?
No vouchers for segregation academies
I am asking for your resignation
I don't mean to be a party pooper but what about other colleges which are not historically black?
Betsy wanted to save face from another uninformed remark she made a year ago about HBCUs.
If only you could lift the huge burden on financially strapped college students that you intend to screw over!
You need to resign, you are way in over your head and are an epic disaster as a human being.
This is great news. Thanks Betsy!
You’re full of shit, Betsy
