I hope this new application will lower higher education costs.
Yeah good! But stopping endoctrination of our children is what must be done
Speaking of FAFSA what about the fraud and trillion dollars in bad loans. Gulen Movement has 4 private "provisional" colleges grabbing at FAFSA money for foreign students #WhoIsGulen #VirginiaInternationalUniversity
Do you even know what FAFSA does or how it works? So, ONE thing you’re doing is “challenging” a federal organization to build an app. Have you done any research to see if this is even necessary? Wtf
Thank you!  
Oh that's nice. An app that can show us how much interest the government is charging us for an education?
Just another reason why the Federal Government should have no business in education.
Oh my why thank you so much.  The least you could do. Have you ever filled one out?
Look ahead to make student loans affordable with low interest
May I suggest you dedicate the remainder of your term developing this app and leave public education alone!!
Lender?
Would you like us to thank you? Millions of teachers are suffering trying to pay back student loans and this is your big idea?
HILARIOUS. AN APP SO I CAN WATCH MY FINANCIAL AID GET DECLINED COMPLETELY BECAUSE I MADE $4 LAST YEAR, BUT NO I CAN VIEW IT ON MY PHONE. GREEEAAAAAATTTT.
oh in the larger scheme of things that's REALLY CRUCIAL@@ 
how about putting the $$ for that expense toward tuition costs,  school security,  disabled services , supplies or SOMETHING that's more apropos to the problems the educational system is faced with????
This is your priority? Your years of experience in pyramid schemes and trust funds are really helping students in America.
Wowee great job micromanaging!
How about we do something about the student loan crisis in this country, instead of worrying whether or not FAFSA as a fucking mobile app? In case you forgot, here's what that crisis looks like. Here's today's update from my student loan company. #youretheworst
The only "reality" we need is for you to stop enabling this scammy predatory school unlimited access to funding via MY TAX PAYING dollars. You are sick and should be ashamed! All you care about is lining your pockets and not the welfare and well-being of students!
Seriously! WTF this is doing what for education??? You need a team for this??? My 26 year old son can set this up for you in a couple of hours...NOW WHAT?? My god the dumb just keeps getting dumber.....Scared shitless for the US.
Lady please
Yea is that why you do not have a direct e-mail address   #getreal
How would you know.   You’ve never had to fill out FAFSA.
You’re a joke, lady.
Had you even heard of FAFSA?
Isn’t your whole idea less government, not more?  So why don’t you trust your pals in the private sector develop your student loan app?
Are you freakin serious?? You are happy about a business app? Are you demented?
You don't even know the basics of the student loan ecosystem, do you? FAFSA is not a lender, that's the most basic piece of information. Your ignorance is astounding.
FAFSA is not a lender, it’s the acronym for the federal student aid application form. Have you not even learned anything about the department you’re supposed to be leading? What a godawful embarrassment this administration is.
Oh great! And make sure that the app allows them to keep gouging students and families with high interest rates.
Because I'm going to fill out the FAFSA on my phone? Ridiculous.
Dont fix the app. Fix Fannie Mae, fix the debt load of these students.
Bleachky DeVos should be implicated in Mueller’s probe. 

Her foundation gave $2,686,500 to Russian orgs.

Her company has offices in Russia, one of which was raided by Russian police for tax fraud in summer of 2016.

Her bro lobbied to set up a back channel w Russia.

#FireDeVos
I'm not against this, but I don't totally know why you need one.
Great, get an app. But have you e error completed a FAFSA... thought not. There might be a reason there is not an app. Similar to flying out insurance forms or your taxes.  I would never complete on a phone. Maybe check your acct profile or status but not the form.
I’m not in a cabinet level position but I know what the FAFSA is. I’ve helped countless students fill it out because they didn’t have rich parents to pay for their education. Hint: it’s not a lender.
Truly visionary.
Do not mess with FASFSA!!!!
Congrats, you made an app for me to pay my student loan bills on instead of problem solving on how to make higher education more affordable
This administration screwed over everyone with student loans but YAY! An Ap!
No one cares what you think about student lending because you know you're knee deep in making money from student loans.  You are so dirty.  Gross.
But does Shutterstock have an app?
Oooh you want a new app? #sarcasm  How about lowering the cost of higher education instead? Your priorities are ridiculous.
Also the person who wants to be so high tech used stock photos from the 60s in her last tweet that bombed
Yay! We can see how much loan money we need for college through an app now.
That's your priority? How impressive
How soon will you take away students access to higher education. Too bad you don’t have one.Resign  now. Bought and sold
really looking at the important things over in the dept of education eh?
.@FAFSA please have someone from your office show her the form since she never had to fill one out before.
FAFSA is not a lender. It stands for  Free Application for Federal Student Aid. One would think that the Secretary of Education would KNOW this.
Hey lady 2u & ur family, Quit over charging my student loans, lowering my credit score, raising my minimum payment, over charging interest, no allowing my co-signer off, & preventing the borrower from paying loans wen due. Selfish! TY 2 the open law suite against u & ur family
Your team cares more about for-profit predatory colleges than helping students get debt relief.
Hey lady 2u & ur family, Quit over charging my student loans, lowering my credit score, raising my minimum payment, over charging interest, no allowing my co-signer off, & preventing the borrower from paying loans wen due. Selfish! TY 2 the open law suite against u & ur family
Hi. Who is your loan servicer? For your issue re: interest and payments, can you submit a complaint here: http://StudentAid.gov/feedback ?
Thank you for the info! I know I’m not the first nor will be the last till we can change the laws! Thank u again @FAFSA for ur response! It’s greatly appreciated!
Lol
you are worried that FASFA doesn't have an app, but kids are being killed in schools! How many children have died in schools since you took office? Let's prioritize students lives first!!!! #priorities #NeverAgainMSD #MarchForOurLives #outoftouch
The truth about govt schools



A tale of Conspiracy:

Erik Prince is the brother of Betsy DeVos.…
Cause an app is “real” education reform and will make any difference at all?  What is wrong with your priorities? Completely tone deaf.
So you can make more money off defaulted student loans?
Erik Prince “just happens” to be the brother of Betsy Devos, whose husband “just happens” to be on the board of Spectrum Health, whose server “just happens” to have been connected to w/Trump Tower & #RussianAlfa Bank
Oooohhhhhh
Yet you're going after PSLF to prevent borrowers in public service from having their loans forgiven, which is much more important than a mobile app.
of course you did.
Literally the lowest thing on the list of what's wrong with student loans. You are so daft it's ridiculous.
Why th would they need an app? I think you need to adjust your priorities, @BetsyDeVosED.
How bout we make college free instead and then there’s no point wasting time on this app.
Or money! This woman's not qualified to uphold her position.
You are so clueless and out of touch.
You are ill informed on so many lvls
Seriously? An app? That's all you've got after screwing EVERY SINGLE person in this country with student loans? Betsy....time to go back to school, I think you missed something important.
Good. A mobile app so I can take my debt with me. Yippee
This idea is trash
Oh wow..what an enormous accomplishment. NOT
Glad you learned that about @FAFSA....can you think of another lender that uniformly passes on your complete profile to the seller of goods/services before the actual price and decision to purchase has been determined?  What are the chances this information influences price?
Stop supporting predatory lenders for student loans.  It's unconscionable. Much against Christian values about making profits on loans and other miseries.
#ResignDeVosED
The Dept of Education website is itself a joke
The Secretary of the Department of Education is a joke. @BetsyDeVos  is Bad for All Americans (except her wealthy friends)
Um, that isn’t what @FAFSA is....Why don’t you know that?!?
How about we encourage businesses or the wealthy to create more grant and scholarship options so @FAFSA isn't relevant anymore and kids can ACTUALLY afford college w/o loans. GOSH you're so out of touch.
Yep, a #MobileApp. Thank you for tackling the tremendously bigly issues!
we don’t need an app for fafsa. Try working on something that actually matters my dude
Oh that will surely cure all the country's educational problems that you've done NOTHING to address. "They don't have apps? Make an app! Who cares about teacher pay or school supplies or lunches, MAKE ME AN APP."
Hey, how about you lower the rates FIRST, right?! I mean you don’t want these kids to be cash strapped all their lives paying off loans ... do you?! 

Oh. Wait. You’re INVESTED in the student debt INDUSTRY. 
Well shit.

Soooo more kids get loans they don't understand?
You should really ask if you could play Catcher on the Army hand grenade team!
You win the internet for this one!!!!!
Maybe you could look into a mobile app to help you #resign
That is a lot of FERPA and personal information to just fly right through to the finish line... but #TrumpDickPic
Have you ever TRIED to fill out a FAFSA? It’s a bit complicated for an app.  Don’t you have better things to do? Like RESIGN.  You’re completely unqualified and only got the job because you paid for it.
quit pretending that you care about education. you have no idea what you are doing!
Yes, an app will absolutely fix everything.

Please, resign.  You are the worst.
A mobile app? Why don't find another way for help students to finish school ? Oh, I forgot , Profit for you
So, one of your acts as secretary of education is to create an app so students can get a loan instead of focusing on making education more affordable and accessible. Nice way to help your friends make money
Only thing you care about is how much money you can make. You DGAF about students. Your rude and disgusting behavior to the #ParklandStudents showed that you don’t care about anyone but yourself. Resign.
A black athlete outshines Betsy
NBA star shames DeVos and Trump by actually meeting with Parkland students http://ift.tt/2FiU4Q1 
Seriously. Your first action a SecEd was to protect student lenders from abuse lawsuits. 

#MSD17
Good news.  It would be even better if FAFSA wasnt neccessary until after the student is accepted into college.
You want to destroy every protection students have against student loan SCAMS.   RESIGN!  You are the worst.
By the way, no one will trust your app with personal identifiable information.
You're just now learning about FAFSA?  You are absuletly incompetent!


Wow you finally made a suggestion to improve things. I'm glad it was for an app. Super on target
Resign
Don’t stop with Fafsa/app. Keep learning. Ask the lifers in the Ed dept what ‘Betsy’s job’ is, and then do it. I’m pretty sure you know less than you should about your job, and I’d love to be proven wrong.
after learning that you are screwing over college students on their college loans,  I concur with the common opinion that you are the most worthless, and vile education secretary in the history of this country.  #RESIGNNOW #betsydevossucks
The first point that resonates with many of us from DeVos. We love public education and want to strengthen not destroy...
Wow thanks so much. Meanwhile my wife teaches a classroom of 35 kids with a yearly budget of $75. Thanks for the fucking app.
The K-12 budget is $600B.

Maybe that $ is going to sports stadium and building architects, cafeterias, uniforms, desks, pensions, book publishers, and pockets of each schools' boosters.

Money is not the problem, imo.

The problem is few adults know what a real education is.
Omg yeah cause filling out a 2 hr application ia sooo much easier on a smartphone!  FIX SCHOOLS.. MAKE THEM SAFE!   #devosMustGo
RESIGN.
After all, you need to bring your profiteering off of student loans into the modern age, right Betsy?
Your team is developing on a damn app?! SERIOUSLY?! How about working on the education system!! Wait there's no profit in it for you!

Pay off my $50,000 in debt with your trust fund and I won’t criticize this ass idea
You are doing a great job Betsy! Have a nice day!
Bet

Yes, because an app will solve everything.
FAFSA is the application, you unqualified dolt. The government is the lender.
hey, betty...tell me what FAFSA means...
1. It took you a year to discover this information? 2. Yes, get more students in debt and screw them out of their futures. Who cares about an app if people are drowning in student loans? Imagine the economic uptick if so many weren't sending all their money to pay student loans?

Because an app that helps the lenders track and stalk their debtors will definitely improve graduation rates and support students transitioning to adult life successfully. (Just kidding, Betsy! It won't!)
Wow.

Way to go.

Students will be SO much better off now.

Look out world, the USA is back!
I am pretty sure it would be a wonderful app and big historical event in the history of the financial aid.I have seen the demo in the FSA conference.The aim of these changes should make FAFSA completion easier and to give students a clear picture of their aid eligibility.
The nation can hardly stand the wait for your brother to go to prison for high treason.
Then you will be driven into the gutter.
And launch right into your wallet. #notmysoe
Wow! A mobile app! Just what our students need! Progress! #idiot
You just learned about @FAFSA? And they say you’re unqualified Boughtsy De Job...poopycock says I!
Boughtsy DeVos! I love it! Best way to describe this rude bitch.
Wow. Really thinking outside the box there
I know realize why you don't tweet often.  You are so unqualified for your position and out of touch with education in the United States.  You should be the next in the administration to leave,  seriously
I Derp Derp derpin
wow?
You still haven’t resigned yet?
Before you become a kinder teacher,

please allow me to share the facts w you.
Sweet... it will tell me how to get my free private religious education vouchers on the backs of the tax payers?
Are you going to launch this "app" or just take a photo of it?
That??? That’s what you’re working on?? A FAFSA App? What about the cost of higher ed? Student loans? Doing away with Pearson-funded standardized tests? What about everything about education that you know nothing about?
Susan, 
What is an "education"?
Your website is mal-ware, so whatever your point is, I have no interest in it.
My point is, you and many "experts" don't even know what an education is.

And you support forcing kids into boring buildings for 12 years.

How disrespectful is that?
You don’t know anything about me or what I do.
Do you think forcing kids into school for 12 years is moral behavior?
Once again, @BetsyDeVosED put interests of for-profit career education programs ahead of hardworking students.
Company with DeVos ties awarded Education Dept debt-collection contract: report | TheHill
Trump administration picks former official at for-profit DeVry University to head student aid enforcement unit -
Attorneys general sue DeVos over delay of rule to protect students from predatory colleges
18 AGs sue the Department of Education over Gainful Employment Rule
Don’t need an app, need better funding so college costs don’t break a families back or strap a new graduate with huge loan repayments
Yeah! More $ is the answer. Smh.

Says one who doesnt know what a real education is.
How do you know?
Here’s the deal: FAFSA having a mobile is not the problem. It’s not even 1% of the problem. Real problem: you siding with lender against students.
Nobody likes you. Go away. #RethinkDeVos
You own a company that consolidates student loans that makes you a loan shark
How about good interest rates. Nobody cares about an app
That’s nice Betsy, your deep concern that the lender has an easier way to get paid back!   But shouldn’t you be more concerned that the students are actually getting a true educational value?
Waiting on your resignation...
So the app is what concerned you about our educational system? You are truly a pendeja.
...and how will that app lower interest rates for these college kids? 
...and how will that app help make college affordable?

The best you came up with, is an APP?
As a student, I am not sure what I need FASFA to provide me on a mobile app.
Great point, this is really needed.
Go home bigot lady. Real question : How many EDs needed security guards before?
Haven’t you ruined student loans enough? Spend your time fixing this embarrassing tweet...
#resign #UnfitForOffice #Unqualified #YouBarelyGotConfirmed
Seriously? Not having an app is what concerned you? How about lowering the interest rates students pay on these loans? Please focus on things that matter.
Thank Jesus, baby Jesus, and the good lord someone is tackling this crucial issue!  Thank you!!   It’s gonna be so easy to pay back crippling loan debt through an app!  Thank Jesus!
Thank you!
How about you stop pretending that you know anything. #Resign
I’m guessing today you learned what FAFSA is.
(Best one. So far)
Have you even LOOKED at a FAFSA application?
This is what struck you as important? Not the crushing loan debt?
