How much did you pay those poor black kids to stand behind there awkwardly?  They look uncomfortable  and sad.

Thank you Mrs. DeVos! You’re doing what should have been done years ago. Our education system needs a complete overhaul so keep up the good work. 
Pssssst stupid. Charters have been around 25 years. She’s advocating for the status quo.
Art and music programs are being cut from schools!
... choose the learning environments that GIVE BETSY DEVOS MORE MONEY EVEN THOUGH SHE KNOWS NOTHING ABOUT EDUCATION!
You are an ignorant C U N T and Jesus is going to get you for the evil things that you have done. You will    and the toxic mass of molecules that is you will disappear for eternity. Amen.

"Make no mistake: the application of free market principles to educational access results in greater choice for a few to the detriment of the majority."
You’re an embarrassment to all hard working educators.
Why would she reflect badly on educators?

She is no more of an educator than she is an astronaut.
Yes, your idea school choice or systems to put money in your pocket book. Fortunately, you will spend for longer in hell than you will have to destroy American education.
Shoot lady, would you criticize the hospital janitor for trying to perform brain surgery???   Do you get it that people are outraged that you bought your position??
That you are unqualified???
We know all about your agenda, you are not going to brainwash our children into thinking Trump is some great man! He is a disgrace and so are you! You need to resign! This will follow you the rest of your life Betsy! You're money means nothing!! You're not qualified ! Get out!
Did you celebrate American Education Week? You know ... that week that celebrated public schools last November. 
Why not celebrate all teachers? ...
This is what happens when you give a high government post to someone who has never held a job based on merit.
It was an honor to participate in the National #SchoolChoice Week Rally and to celebrate and highlight students who are benefiting from the ability to choose the learning environments that work for them 


CAN WE END CORE CURRICULUM ACROSS THE BOARD ! Destroying our school !
Exactly how is CC destroying our schools?   Please explain.  I bet you do not even know what Common Core is.  Sad.
How about pushing admin back to states,  shutting down teacher unions, req teacher testing / annual certification again, removing liberal common core indoctrination system, federal inspection of states, involving parents in the education process, and annual progression tests.
As a public school teacher for 40 years I agree with many of your statements. Not a fan of teacher unions, support school choice in the right situations, local control, but common core was developed by GW Bush Sec of Educ and was despised by public school teachers.
Case in point, my son is in 7th grade and attends private Christian school. It cost $4500 per year. He is advanced science, pre algebra, on the math/spelling team, and reads on 11th grade level. Public schools spend 10,000$ per child and many cannot read.
THERE ARE BETTER WAYS!

JUST IN (warning, disturbing video): Cell phone video inside the school as shots were going off at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High http://cbsn.ws/2ErNC8Z  
Yes!  But no school choice for deaf/hard of hearing. Denied. Denied. Denied. Just check in with Sioux Fslls, South Dakota!
Then why don’t you go work at the Dept. of For-Profit Schools? 
Very well said!

You’re a wonderful Sec of Ed!!
National School Choice Week...great. Now which top 50 public schools will you pick to donate your time to tutoring, teaching a lesson or two, and mentoring kids for at least three days of the week eh? Or you could just donate some funds and classroom resources. What a grand idea!
Two more charter schools in Ohio have received an F rating and are closing bc their students weren't learning.  Charter schools are supposed to be your golden child.....they aren't great and neither are you
Check out @NEPCtweet resources on #SchoolChoice at
http://nepc.colorado.edu/topic/school-choice …
You are a national embarrasment.  Do the country a favor and step down from the job for which we all know you are completely unqualified.
“School Choice” is a great sounding meme.  Unfortunately, it is a misguided effort to drain money from public schools, so the affluent can segregate themselves
The American Federation for Children is a conservative, dark money group that promotes the school privatization agenda. School choice is a scam -- just like Amway. The wealthy and empowered have found ways to dress up their opposition to equality and resistance to desegregation.
I'm fine with that. Thanks. P.S. I hated the majority of the traditional public schools I attended. Nothing but a waste of time and taxpayer dollars. School pimping children for money while providing a lousy service! P.P.S My dad's a teacher and I still stand by my message!
We must win the children back to Christ.We lost to many to drugs gangs and abortions
You're still around?  LMFAO
Thank you for participating in this important event for our children! Another important event for you to participate in immediately concerns #ECOT & the threat by ODE to close their doors & displace 12k students & 1k teachers/staff mid year! @ecotPALS @3rdRailOhio @TuckerCarlson
While you worry about putting more money in your thieving pockets, Devos. Kids are in schools without heat. You are a waste of air.
Could you be more corrupt? Nope, No you couldn't.
Thank you Ms DeVos!
School choice now!
Good Job
#SchoolChoice is @BetsyDeVosED insurgency into our education system, a private no accountability system of commercialization of our education system, a school run for profit not for education
When every child has a great school to attend, I’ll celebrate. Your idea of choice takes money from schools that can’t afford to lose it, and gives it to private schools. Your actual job is to make public schools great.
Amen!
School choice is long overdue! #SchoolChoice #SchoolChoiceWeek #teaching #education #learning #literacy #growthmindset #elearning #
#WorstSecEdInUSHistory
RESIGN NOW
RESIGN NOW
RESIGN NOW
RESIGN NOW
Thank you so much Madame Sec'y for your dedication & work to provide the best education for all students. They are our future we must give them the tools necessary to compete & thrive in an ever changing environment. Changing old paradigms is the key.
so beatiful. a real class act
this crazy broad, brown nose minion, what does she know about education
WE DONT WANT YOU PLEASE PLEASE RESIGN
You're a crook.  Your family is mob of crooks.
Hoping it’s true, hearing you have #abolishedcommoncore
We want vouchers. K-12 needs to go back to the states. Then you need to work on getting the Communists out of our universities. Dissolve DoE
Thank you for the reforms you implementing. I don't want my grandkids to grow up to be dummies like our last 2 generations
Soooo are your children dummies? 
(Curious)
NOOOO BUT YOU ARE.
People are desperate to get their kids out of the public schools in my city and the teachers fight for the few private school positions that are available.
I intend to transfer my child next year.
Our school system is a nightmare.
#SchoolChoice
@usedgov @edreform As an initiative instruct the Pledge of Allegiance chorused both in the a.m. and the p.m.
This isn’t creepy at all.

You literally attended a rally that shows that many of the schools you're in charge of can't function properly...
She hasn't been in charge that long. How were they under Obama's 8 years? lmfao.
Except if they are lgbt or q.
Looking beautiful in this video  keep standing up for school choice, you’re doing a great  job. 
@BetsyDeVosED The Waldorf Education train the mind not the body. Jews and Gentiles are welcome. The first Waldorf School open in Stuttgart Germany in 1919.  Rudolph Steiner Philosophy was training all children regardless of their socio-economic background. Wake Up America.
Danke Sehr for trying to educate all America Children with diverse needs. I have educated two children through the Waldorf Education. Rudolph Steiner started the school in Austra. One has graduated from college another is a 3rd year pre med student. Wake up America.
How is ECOT doing?
While you were at a photo op, 12,000 students in Ohio lost their school choice #ECOT. Great job you're doing.....
Go Away Betsy.... Please Go Away

Lol
The "resist" types are gong to bash you non-stop, no worries ! We've got your back
Too bad you just stole our choice away!! Shame on you for displacing 12,000 ECOT families,  in the Middle of the school year,  with 7 days notice! Choice and Children are Obviously Not the Priority!!! #saveecot #schoolless
Hi Leslie. We are here to help! Visit our website for detailed information and to learn about all of the school options available to you: http://education.ohio.gov/Topics/Community-Schools/Frequently-Asked-Questions-FAQ-Families-Affected … Thank you!
Fortunately I grew up in the political system and knew what was coming.  My child has already been enrolled in another on line school.  My heartbreak is for those less fortunate,  now forced back into impossible situations that no one will help them with!
So you are virtue signaling? Got it.
Love the "parents know best sign" given the recent homeschool abusers in jail in California! #PropagandaPresident
Vouchers only if accepted as full payment otherwise just a stipend for super rich 50 thousand A yr Schools like Trump's kid!! #PropagandaPresident
It great to point out what didn't work with NCLB and Common Core, but that's obvious... the real work comes with exploring the solutions to help fix edu.
Don't listen to the haters. They only want their children to be indoctrinated and have someone other than themselves to decide what's best for then. Only piece of shit parents don't care about what is being taught to their children. Only their grade results.
NO SCHOOL VOUCHERS !
Stormy is on her way to get your job.
Thank you this is a valuable program for so many children!
No school choice in Ohio.
Thank you Mrs. Betsy DeVos.  You're doing a great job.
Such a white nationalist fascist sicophant
This better get done b/c to make #MAGA School programs for elementary TEACHERS like this is absolutely appalling! Where in Hell is this not Racist, authoritarian, bigoted, and more importantly Factual in any sense! This is Garbage Propaganda from Communist Playbooks! @WhiteHouse
School choice really means taking tax payer dollars & funneling them to your rich friends who run for profit schools.  More lies from the Trump administration!
exactly that is all that school choice is "location" NOT education ALL choices are FED ED
#releaseTheMemo We the people deserve to know
Go away, you evil lying incompetent fool.
My son's school choice was taken form him tonight. The ODE has shut his school down in the middle of the year. 12,000 students without a school. 800 teachers without a job. Please help #ECOT
Make ALL schools great! Public education should be equal opportunity in all districts, not only in the “most popular” ones. You piss be off.
I wish you would support public schools as much as you support private.
I agree, we should focus on both Private and public schools. The School choice program would FORCE this! Competition for $ is a big motivator and when teachers are pushing this to my kid in public schools, can you guess where the public will INVEST? #SchoolChoice
Wow.  Few people I dislike more than Betsy.  What a sick, lying, pos.
Let’s work on improving public schools so ALL students get a quality education
You haven't resigned yet???
Will you participate in a public school rally?? Celebrate and highlight the wonderful diverse students who choose the learning environment that works for them #publicsvhools #EndlessOpportunities
The DOE should be abolished.
Vouchers...vouchers please
is a robber baron of the educational system #tonedeaf #clueless #livesinafantasyworld
Yes, please let’s have more school choice like those parents from CA California Parents of 13 Charged With Torture and Abuse - The New York Timeshttps://apple.news/AO3Na1ny0QHGDSifnSNAynA #schoolchoice #torture #homeschool #Blackwater
NO TAXPAYER MONEY FOR PRIVATE SCHOOLS!
Who evaluates the impact of any thing only by emphasizing the desirable outcomes? Idealogues! To discover the truth one considers the intended and unintended outcomes.
you cannot even spell IEP you moron....your dumb ass will be voted out soon....you were never smart enough for this position and always hated public schools...you work for the rich....#TheResistance2018
Aren’t those the kids from one of them Shithole countries? How sweet!
Let’s fund our PUBLIC schools and make them the priority instead of lining your pocket. Students are not a commodity to profit from.
Public schools teach cultural Marxism. Give us vouchers for Christian schools!
Amazing though how all those "schools of choice" manage to keep out our students with IEPs and students with behavioral issues. Hmmm....
You mean the one's that teach that Noah saved all of the animals and there was no evolution kind of schools.
Resign!!
No. Public schools forever. Stop stealing public dollars for your rich kids’ private schools!!!
"Inner city"
Once again, promoting your uneducated opinion on “choice” is malpractice. Choice creates money for millionaires. It segregates students. You’re corrupt.
The most black people you have ever been around in your entire entitled life.
You are unqualified for every aspect of your job. I guess 100mil in GOP campaign contributions buys u a lot in the Trump administration.
FakeNews Capitalist propaganda
#resign
Are you now gonna resign? That would really be the honorable thing to do, go ahead you can do it, don’t need to demolish education, you’re already rich and don’t care
Choose public schools.
May your labours in education bear fruit during the upcoming National #SchoolChoice Week @schoolchoicewk and beyond during #CatholicSchools Week @NCEATALK.
Thank you Betsy for giving poor parents power over their kids education so they're not stuck in a failing school just bc of their zip code.
It can stll happen. Ask her how much these vouchers cover. Also the student still has to be accepted.
Yes. Only things that play to your narrative deserve your attention.
U have 3 years left 2 completely ruin the country's public education system while enriching ur billionaire friends. U r fired effective Jan. 20, 2021. Start ur calendar countdown now.
Let’s hope it doesn’t take that long.
Does that include public schools Betsy?  Or just the religious ones where@you and your family benefit?  You’re intention is to eliminate public schools with no regard that they are the best schools for millions of kids!
PublicSchools are integral to #democracy. That is where we learn to be citizens. #GoPublic
Resign.
So after destroying Michigan public school by pushing for school choice, you want to do this on a national level?
Way to only support one kind of education. The one that puts money in your own pocket
sad truth
See we would have educational environments that worked for them if you didn’t just cut public school funding for this bs and add more to help teachers
How about supporting public schools?
Please, for the sake of our children and their future, resign!
Everyone hates you. How come you never teach a class? Lazy? Scared? Moronic?
She has never taught a class for the same reason that I’ve never flown an airplane. There is some required training involved.
You are not an educator. You do not represent us or what is best for children. Please do the right thing and resign, now. 
*you are not a shill for the NEA.  Fixed it for you.
PLEASE PLEASE bring school choice to #stateofnewyork tired of paying tuition and high school taxes!!!
We aren't buying your baloney, Secretary. We believe in public schools, not profit for your various corporations.
You are a disgrace
Including kids with IEPs?
She doesn’t know what an IEP is.
Hahajaja! #True
She probably thinks its a new form of investing, like an IRA, HAHAHA
#IEPnotIRA
What, both of them?
You failed your job interview on live television. We know you know nothing.
Dump DeVos Now! #ResignNow
No one wants your voucher program. Fund our public schools so EVERYONE can access education. #gobuyanisland
#ComplicitGOP - you’re awful.
Quit your job
RESIGN!
Kill any grizzlies yet?
