you forgot don’t arm teachers
NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS! NO GUNS!
Trying to sound smart after bad interviews
So will you restore the previous budget to help us pay for it or will you push it off onto the districts?
You have no clue what is going on in a regular school. Visit and talk with the students and teachers. Come teach a class with us.
You r the last person to take action; the first person to steal our hard-earned money.  You did not represent the good part of America, you r a disgrace to our forefathers who established our nation for the good of people and generations to come.  Leave your post for God's sake.
Pretty sure the kids at Stoneman Douglas could have come with these ideas and many far greater @Emma4Change @davidhogg111 . U have absolutely NO business in this position and should b ashamed of what an idiot u looked like on 60 min
Here’s two more images for you to explain-
Yes, get rid of DofE.  Give power back to states and communities!

Has anyone asked teachers what we NEED or OUR IDEAS? Or does only the NRA get to dictate how we keep our kids safe????
These kids would be safer if you were NOWHERE NEAR THEM!!!!!!
Looks like the @WhiteHouse forgot the concrete step of gun control.
Explain how more laws prevent someone commited to the enactment of a crime?
A great list.   I would include exploring the business of selling guns and the freedom within what is become easy access too.

What a joke - u r the worst!
Sec. DeVos  would it be possible to integrate media violence research into the work you are doing on mental health inter-related to this effort.    (http://www.nytimes.com/2013/08/25/opinion/sunday/does-media-violence-lead-to-the-real-thing.html … ) Perhaps a change to the movie, TV & Video game rating sys and use of ratings is at a minimum in order.
Those are some crazy big words and I’m certain Betsy doesn’t know them or what they mean...might want to revise your request down several lexile levels...
Why not arrange to have our laws enforced? That would have prevented the Fla. shooting.
Those aren't steps, Betsy. Those are fucking talking points.
Concrete Steps? What the hell? Go home Betty!
#liars
You are going 2 do nothing and you know it.
Any teacher would cringe at your list of things that do not match “concrete steps...to prevent school violence” 
Learned how to do a paragraph with supporting detail in 2nd grade. 
Well done  @BetsyDeVosED

How is physical security going to be improved?

Sheriff 'devastated' after student finds his forgotten gun in middle school locker room http://www.foxnews.com/us/2018/03/13/sheriff-devastated-after-student-finds-his-forgotten-gun-in-middle-school-locker-room.html …
Nothing about gun control, of course.
You talk the talk, let's see if you can walk the walk.   Oh and now another committee we have to pay for.  Of course.
thank you
These “concrete steps” lead no where. Nothing changed. GO KISS THE NRA’S As* AGAIN.
Can educators actually be placed on the Commission for School Safety?  That might be a good first step...
Lets not forget what causes this violent environment....Wrong Indoctrination in the Public School System; Removal of GOD, PRAYER, Discipline, Respect and Love for one another in the Public School System of Liberal Agendas, along with the removal of Parental Rights of discipline,
From somebody that spent 35 years in public education it is increasingly clear that you have absolutely no idea what you are talking about, you are playing roulette with our children and I have no doubt you are in your position as a means to turn a personal profit. RESIGN
No guns in school.  Better security band assault weapons.
Sweetie? Is this overcompensation for that interview? Take a break.
Right?! She’s doing too much!
get rid of the guns stupid.
Resign
Resign you fraud. We know you bought this position and have only one goal - The steering of funds AWAY from public education for your ideological and greedy purposes.

You disgust me.
#Legcon PTA needs a seat at the table.


Who will protect the students from one single nutty teacher?
So Itty Bitty Betsy is going to award #Blackwater a contract to run school security?
BULL SHIT #ErikPrince #Blackwater #Terrorists #ASSETFORFEITURE
The most important concrete step is to BAN ASSAULT WEAPONS but you and this administration won't do that because you like NRA money too much. You are unqualified and your motives are suspect. Resign.
Resign. You’re embarrassing yourself and you’re too stupid to realize it!
You are an incompetent disgrace who literally purchased a Cabinet position with donations to the GOP. It would be funny if you weren’t playing Madam Secretary with our children’s futures.
Trump said, "im the dumbest person in this administration." Betsy said, "hold my beer."

Listen to the podcast on this subject by Col Alan West!! Excellent!!
#lame #initiatives attempt to pacify the #outcry for #SafeSchools look on @WhiteHouse #Shoes on lawn who were sacrificed because no #GunReform to aide the #Violence infiltrating our daily #lives @POTUS
Oh gosh. If you have a hand in it,  this will be an even bigger failure than originally predicted.
Oh, you're fired? Yay!
Are you installing bullet proof glass?  Are you reinforcing drywall with something that will stop a bullet?  What have you actually done except talk?
How does @Hillsdale profit from this?
And how you gonna do that while taking money from public schools?
Are you going to resign anytime soon?
Concrete steps of nothing.
DeVos is extremely unqualified and incompetent. Her quitting her position would be the first step in the right direction for the children of this country.
Resign! Unqualified ignorant ass
Ok ,,you were awesome on 60 minutes, your a joke,,resign
I am INFURIATED that YOU are being given this job. YOU of ALL people. #GFY

Schools began ignoring rape reports after DeVos' campus sexual assault policy changes, lawsuit says https://www.dailykos.com/story/2018/1/29/1736910/-Schools-began-ignoring-rape-reports-after-DeVos-campus-sexual-assault-policy-changes-lawsuit-says … …
@POTUS had absolutely ZERO interest in anyone dying until this last group of amazing kids FORCED him to act like he cares. All he is doing now is trying to find the easiest way he can pacify us, while still doing exactly what the NRA PAYS him to do.
More LIES and MORE guns…
https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/trump-nra-gun-safety-background-checks_us_5a84abdee4b0774f31d1b770 … #GunLawsNOW #GunControlNow #GunReformNow #AssaultWeaponsBan
Two days before the school shooting in Florida that left 17 dead, the Trump administration proposed cutting millions in federal education programs meant to help prevent crime in schools and assist them in recovery from tragedies. http://politi.co/2oegmr1 
Pro-Trump father of Parkland victim to Trump: "You’ve got to stop saying 'arm the teachers'" http://hill.cm/tFHxxPQ 
It's not just school shootings…
America's Top Killing Machine - Gun deaths are poised to surpass automobile deaths in the United States this year.
1) arm teachers 2) defund buildings kids go to school in 3) erase protections for LGBT students 4) continue to cater to the White, straight, Christian and Rich.....think that checks off all the boxes
 Add even more guns to schools which will increase the number of accidental gun deaths & “suicide by teacher”
 Defund public schools
 Dismantle the Department of Education
Strengthen background checks and prevention? Wth do you even mean? Do you have any competent people around you? Any??
Our kids are less safe because of you, @realdonaldtRump, @nra, & @GOP
We should bury your initiatives in concrete!
