Betsy has decimated MI schools over the past 35 years #60minutes
What???? She has been there for 35 years?
The Devos family has been attacking MI schools for at least that long. Yes
Yes, I see because Public Education is SO good.  When 76% of a Districts budget goes to Salaries and benefits, when does it become about "the children". ##hypocrites @VSullivan4NH
Holy crap you just said that TEACHERS make TOO MUCH MONEY! Are you kidding me? I mean I don't even know how to respond. Can you at least clarify? #flabbergasted
Actually a Devos talking point from 1990 — weirdly it worked. People started imagining schools should spend on...R&D? No one ever said.
OMG! Enough lip action, TAKE ACTION!! How many of these visits were UNWANTED? Schools need help not visits?? Fund school programs, teachers need raises! START THERE!! A very simple start to a better education.
Link to school visits?
No South Dakota?  Come check us out @BetsyDeVosED  I'll show you around!
what a ridiculous interview by a ridiculous woman! you are a bought & paid for whore, bets, nothing more, nothing less, PLEASE dont forget that! and oh yeah, whats your brothers death toll up to? yr parents proud? #60Minutes #agovwhore
I visited more schools during April vacation junior year of high school for college tours lol
?   Most people don't have the time or money to visit 60 colleges.  Must be nice.
Betsy DeVos is a billionaire. She sure has the money!
Stop trying to take funds from public schools! Support the public school system, support public school students & support faculty/staff members. Disruptive student behavior, lack of parent involvement, excessive testing, lack of resources - those are the problems - NOT grizzlies!
we in MI know your true beliefs...you want public $$ for your personal social engineering goals...your "efforts" have lined your pockets at the expense of our children's future..RESIGN!!
The problem many times, is not with the schools. It's with the school boards. Betsy, it's time to begin writing strong laws that prevent school boards from indoctrinating teachers to create situations that invite violence: riots, gender education, no discipline, no authority, etc
I’m glad you love public schools,,,,? Or just the sucessful ones? Go away Betsy! You’re a embarrassement to every teacher and educator in the country.
And are pushing some “Christian” agenda.  Or let’s the filthy rich deduct their private school tuition.
Just quit... before the orange guy fires you.
If that were true, you'd stop punishments for standardized testing.
I wonder why so many in Florida? Proximity to Maralago?
When you take 11 four day weekends in the first 6 months you can’t visit many schools! That is on you! Please resign! Education needs a qualified leader!
That's exactly why we have so much crime after kids quit school. They don't get what they need and they don't think their school exists for them. Do you read any of the replies to your tweets or just send things out because they sound good?
Then stop diverting funding from public schools for failing charters!
You've only visited schools near major airports.
You’re lying, Betsy Wetsy. CNP documents show you are pledged to destroy the DOE and turn back the clock to the days when States could do whatever they wanted with public schools. (This included racial segregation, no Title IX or special ed. What a bunch of Nazis you run with.)
It isn’t too late to make it a goal to visit the lowest achieving schools in every state and sit down with kids and ask them for solutions. I bet the answers they provide would be compelling and spot on. #LetStudentsSpeak @RickJetter @POTUS @Oprah
About 400 days and you have visited about 60 schools.  Not a good statistic if you can do math 

Seems like you should get out there and find out what real schools need
Yeah, right. You are nothing but an empty-headed billionaire who never learned anything in school, apparently. Go to detention and study, DeVos.
bought her job
brother murders for money
#soundslikeachristiantome
#betsisagovwhore
#hikeupyourskirtbetsyyouforsale
This was only Photo Ops for you...you do not care about these kids....only for ways to profit.
She is worth 5 Billion.  She does not worry about money much.
You love your back account and you love the position you paid to have, but no you clearly don’t love teachers, schools, or children.
I’m a great teacher. I don’t love you. Get your paws out of my life’s pursuit. How you are my boss and have zero hours of classroom experience is beyond me. You’re a joke. Go back to your yacht and leave us alone you witch.
Shame on you...placating public schools when you have an agenda for your rich fiends.  Sorry, but no one is buying.  STEP DOWN NOW.
And you're doing everything you can to make sure public schools don't have the backing and resources to support their pupils. You're under qualified, a religious zealot, and out of touch with reality. America's children suffer.
That means you have visited .00067% of the public schools in the U.S. as the SED. I'm pretty sure I've visited more schools as a teacher. Until you actually do something to help us, your "love" is meaningless.

You need to get out more.

...or get out of office should you want to try to keep coasting.

#DoYourJob or step aside
Teachers HATE you!
Did you talk to anyone at these schools? How many and who did you talk to? 

Try visiting a school you haven’t been to at least twice a week. And actually talk to students, teachers, parents and faculty. Spend the day and interact with as many people as possible.

60? In a year? When you just do a quick walk-through in multiple schools per trip?
How about the school working g for the student.. isn't that ur job... #nochildleftbehind all schools should be treated equal... You can't disable public schools to make your failed theory of school choice a thing.
And loathed equally everwhere.
Public charters!
Just not any underperforming ones, right? #FireDeVos #GossiPol

You have already insulted public school teachers many times. It’s time for you to resign.
You know nothing about public schools and you don't give a shit about teachers. This was clear when you humiliated yourself before the whole world on 60 Minutes last night. Resign now, before you get resigned by your incompetent dotard. Your family wasted their money.
Part of the mix??? You want to privatize our schools for profit and defund public schools to the detriment of students not chosen for private charter schools. Why didn't you visit struggling schools? Resign.
I really don't understand the point of this infographic.  60 school visits.  And?
What the hell does a billionaire know about public schools you never even set foot in one I bet well we know you haven't set foot in one in Michigan.
Just keep telling yourself that.  But it still isn't true. #FakeNews #smh #embarrassing
Please tell us what you love about public schools. Also give us some of your experiences with them. YOu have none. You are not qualified to do this job.
@hickforco visited a different public school every day as the mayor of Denver. You're the Sec. of Education. Get off your lazy ass and go learn something about our nations schools!  #BetsyDeVos #PublicSchoolsWeek
Just don't visit any  underperforming schools to see what the issues are... Seriously?
#Dummy
As long as public money goes to private schools and corporations that make you richer.
You believe your own BS Betsy?  Because nobody else does. Nobody thinks you are qualified for the job you are in.
but you don't have the objectivity to know WHAT a great public school or a great teacher is.  Too bad, so sad for the nation's publicly educated generations
If you don’t find public schools, they won’t be a good option
I put my child in a charter school for a year. What a mistake. The quality of education was horrible.  Many parents kept their children at that charter to the detriment of their child’s education. Let’s make all public schools great and save children from parents bad decisions.
Trying a little damage control I see. Would be nice if you could honest answer questions during an interview rather than relying on prepared tweets. You’re unqualified and ill-informed. You will do the children a favor if you resign. #youcantfoolus
How does this compare to previous Sec. Ed. over the same amount of time? #60Minutes
If you want to go for a private school, YOU should pay for it....not take the money from tax payers.  Idiot.
Hey Betsy shhhhhhsh, lay low for a while. 
You bought your position. You aren’t smart
Please resign, for the children.
You don’t care as long as you keep getting insanely rich. #ResignNOW #greedy #corrupt #BetsyDeVosSoDumbShe
If you love public schools why are you trying to de-fund them?
Was Betsy ever a paraprofessional, teacher, or administrator in the public school system?  Why is she qualified for this job?
you are totally unqualified.....
I sent the president an email before he took office that I would really love to sit down with him to talk education.  That might have been a good idea...it might actually STILL be a good idea.
Perhaps you need teachers who serve amazing students in the public sector to advise you.
But you have never gone to a school that needs help.  You confirmed that.  Why?  Stop trying to cover your idiotic interview with this crap
Backpedal much???
Your attempt to clean up the mess you made of your appearance on 60 minutes is desperate and not working...resign
You are a liar, your actions speak louder than this hollow tweet
Well that was a nothing statement!
Was that supposed to repair the major Palin-esque screw-up interview with 60 Minutes? PATHETIC!
#DitsyDevos
If you love public schools, why do you try so hard to take $$ away from them?
Your visits r a joke.U don't have the knowledge or experience in http://ed.to  even recognize a good school.Yet,u smile, pet dogs, kneel down next to kids...Malaria Trump does all that & she doesn't even speak English!
Stop funneling money away from public schools.
Stahl:  So what can you tell us about education in general?
DeVos:  Uhmm.....i don't know.
Stahl:  What do you mean?  Just say anything.
DeVos: Uhmm...cheese?
Stahl:  Oh lordy!

I am more qualified than she is to be the Sec. of Education.  Just wow.
I would love for you to come to a New York City Public school  you wouldn’t know what to do with yourself
Pricelessness will be the doom of public schools in the long run.
FAKE NEWS
How about a visit to some public schools in South Central Los Angeles?
"I love great schools, and I love great teachers." Please show us real love by resigning so we can get someone qualified in this position. 60 mins interview was ridiculously embarrassing.
LIAR.......   DUMB AS DIRT !!!!
THIS is why yr “most hated” of the miserable cabinet. Hypocrisy, Greed and ignorance. The fact that you’re  #Unqualified factors in too. #UnfitForOffice #RESIGN #SaveOurSchools
LOL she can’t be this dumb? Can she?
I thought you said they were a dead end?
Then give more money to PUBLIC SCHOOLS!!!
What an absolute JOKE!!! Your interview was HORRENDOUS!! Resign NOW!!! Shameful how someone with  NO CLUE about Education was appointed to your position I cry for the children!!!
Who wrote this for you?
No you are not misunderstood. The fact that you couldn't answer basic questions shows your lack of knowledge or experience. It is shameful that you were even confirmed. Our children deserve better.

The HELL you do.
please visit peninsula high school in palos verdes. Liberal took over this school.
Give it up.  You don't know shit.  #resign.   #60Minutes
No you don't & please don't pretend otherwise. I don't believe even your kids went to a public school. Confirmation hearing spoke volumes.
Every school should work for the students you dunce. Not just the rich ones
But no under preforming schools... Can't fix, what you don't know. You are an idiot. Just like your #POS brother. Just like him, we will find your illegal activity and remove you from office.
You face planted on 60 Minutes. Your incompetence and lack of qualifications was undeniable. Resign!
You are doing an incredibly bad job.
Trying to clean up your poor performance in your "60 Minute" interview? By your standards we should demand that our money be taken from YOU and given to someone else. That would be my choice as a taxpayer.
How about a tour of needy schools in disadvantaged communities? You can start with Detroit.
WTF does that mean? Public schools will always be a critical part of the mix in American education.
Why aren't you going to schools that are struggling due to lack of funding and chronic overcrowding?
How about you sub: 1) primary and 1) secondary class a month? Also, how about you shadow students for a 48 hr period at home and at school. You are so out of touch, you don't have a clue what students and teachers go through. #60Minutes
Oh, here, let me give you a pat on the back. 


#unqualified
Not sure I'd hashtag that interview. It was....um....not.....very flattering.
#60Minutes more of @BetsyDeVosED is too much!
Aaaand there it is. You love "great" public schools. So what about the ones that aren't so great?
Tell me, Betsy, do you love the schools where students may not perform as highly due to things like lack of funding, homelessness, decrepit buildings, violence, etc.?
Do you love public schools enough to send your own children to them?
Oh, and by the way, how's that bear situation working out?
Lies. We know your agenda, you witch
Did you visit on Saturdays? You statements make me believe you have never actually been in a school on a school day. You bought your position. You are unqualified. Stop pretending. We all know you are the swamp.

Dear Betsy DeVos, Public education was not conceived because rich people couldn't manage to educate their children. The whole idea of Public Education is to ensure that a QUALITY education is accessible to every resident, 1/
…
Why not make ALL public schools great? Why not equalize access to top-quality education? Perhaps it would help if you actually went to a public school or had ANY education at all as an educator.
BS--you have rolled back safety standards, attacked special ed, changed policies to protect students from predatory debt, relaxed sexual assault policies.  You don't understand educational best practices, you copy/paste lifted educational text...I can go on.  You are a fraud
With you at the helm these kids are doomed! Schools don't have a proper budget to work with and now money will go out to arm teachers. Not education but arming teachers. We're lost morons are running our country and getting paid for substandard work. Just RESIGN!
How many public school teachers and students have you interacted with? What educational research have you read?

you obviously live in another dimension, dear Ms. Betsy
You are bad at your job.
THANK YOU f changing the previous status quo
#Resign #Dumbass #YouAreInept
She lives in at least two multi-million dollar mansions, at least two are waterfront. Oceanfront in Vero Beach, and lakefront in Michigan. She has invested a lot in her buildings, but refuses to invest in our kids.
Wow you visited only 60 schools  in over a year? whats the matter the rest of them would not let you in?
President Beth Simek @andzmomaz and @CharleneforAZ bill #AZHB2452 to abolish corporal punishment off at the clerk’s office! Big day for AZPTA and for our children! #SpareTheRod #ESSA #ACEs #MeTooK12 #BULLYING @NPTAPresident @NationalPTA @westfall104

Brogan highlights how the Trump and Obama years differ when it comes to public school policy. During his confirmation hearing, Brogan said he administered corporal punishment as an educator and said it's an issue best left to states.
How can you love what you don't know??
You can love underperforming public schools, too. Inquire as to why they are underperforming. Moreover, inquire as to the reasons why #Publicschools are necessary to democracy.
Fund them.
Are you counting Parkland, where you took pictures with 3 students, held a 5-question joke of a "press conference" and then walked out in the middle of it?
You love public schools just not enough to properly fund them, right?
spending taxpayers money to do what? see America?
Said the most unqualified person to ever hold one of the most important positions in the Trump Russia WH cabinet!
You are an entitled lightweight

CHILLING: This is why we’ve been trying to warn the USA about Betsy DeVos – Destroying the wall between church & state http://www.eclectablog.com/2017/02/chilling-this-is-why-weve-been-trying-to-warn-the-usa-about-betsy-devos-destroying-the-wall-between-church-state.html …
Yeah, how many students did you talk to?  None? Why because they would tell you to go fuck yourself.
You have to love all public schools. Especially the ones that aren't great yet. That should be your focus but you don't know how to do your job. Please, resign.
And yet you struggle to answer basic questions about the performance (poor) of a school system you helped to implement in your own state. You ignore questions about investing in children in failing schools because you ultimately want to shutter those schools. #Fail #SeeMe
Now this is a "pro-choice" position we can support! - @dvgulliver
Resign.
Just not poor preforming schools. Whatever works for a quick photo op, but not any that would require you to answer questions on what you are doing to assist them. You are the worse education secretary ever.
School visits make you neither an advocate or an expert. You are a shill and couldn’t hold the eraser of the vast majority of educators in this country.
That's great!  Let's talk about.   SCHOOL VOUCHERS
‘....and you get a heavy dose of Jesus and my family gets a boatload of cash.’
You are a fricken looney!
The only thing you love is money, so stop lying
But not nearly enough in her own home state
This is basically a lie. You don't love public schools. You have never been a teacher nor sent any children to public school. You are diverting important funding from them. Your goal is clearly to undermine public education and weaken the DOE. Please stop lying.
Please come to Stockwell Place Elementary in Bossier City, Louisiana and meet our amazing teachers, students, and administration.
So if Scientology Illiteracy High School or ISIS Boys Madrassa School “works for you” taxpayers should be on the hook for tuition? I think not. #60Minutes #DeVos #txlege #BetsyDeVos #MondayMotivation #PublicSchoolsWeek #vOUCHers #txed #txeduchat
Public schools deserve better than you. My parents, both of whom have been public school educators for over 30 years, deserve better than you.
You lie.....
This feeble attempt at damage control following that fiasco on #60Minutes is just sad. #notbuyingit
So... Lots of visits in what looks like DC, Miami, and... Detroit? Were these visits of convience? Or photo ops? You do serve the whole country, right? #youserveus #weservekids
It's easy to parade around at the good schools Betsy. You just said that you have NOT visited any underperforming schools. Why is that? How do you hope to learn more about why these schools are failing and what their students need if you can't even be bothered to show your face?
so why are you undermining them?
Why would you defund them and take the money to private schools? That are funded by tuition? Usually by wealthy parents? Like yourself.
Why don’t you visit the schools you don’t think are “great” and understand their struggles?
Michigan schools are a disaster. Your model for school choice has imploded, yet that’s all you’ll talk about. There is more to schools than choice! Let’s not forget you’re cutting loan forgiveness programs to make teachers have an even greater financial burden.
The "public school" visited in my state was a magnet school, (since we currently don't have charter schools at all) and the rest were private school institutions.  The rural schools were completely ignored and the visit itself was described as "tight" and "scripted" by witnesses.
Then quit pushing for-profit and charter schools everywhere. You’ve ruined the school system in Michigan with your bullshit charters and religious schools. Keep religion out of public schools. Oh, and by the way...Christianity isn’t the only religion in the world.
It was so hard to watch i cringed! Get yur ass to some schools and see what You and You alone are taking away from our kids! You have no business being in that job! Yur brother got it for u! #drainTrumpsswamp
Of all the people who should be resigning... You are a total waste
Plain and simple: you are utterly incompetent and unqualified to lead the Dept. of Ed. If you didn't have money, you wouldn't be in your position.
Lovely graphic. Now cite your sources.
You have visited a very small amount of schools. There are over 98,000 public schools in the US. You don’t have enough information to make decisions.
Works for you is not a good standard.  When we had school choice kids picked schools based on friends, not academics. Lots of issues arose. Please visit a lot of public schools and see our concerns, needs, issues.  We ask but you don’t listen.
