Encouraging meeting with @usedgov Sec DeVos to explore what we can do to increase security at our schools. The Dept’s top priority must be protecting students. We discussed #HR5107 & how we can advance safety measures for our nation’s children…
So what’s the deal with your company @SpectrumHealth & it’s ties to @TrumpTower & a Russian bank? @FBI  says hi 
Would you be interested in promoting a line of #Purses I’m designing based on the leathery appearance of you skin?
Hey Betsy. I did not intentionally go to work today. Lol

ICYMI: Kate McKinnon playing Betsy DeVos on #SNL was absolute perfection.
The trouble is Betsy DeVos has proven to be such a bubblehead, she won't understand why it's funny.
The amount of negative remarks here r shameful bec so many Libs don't do their homework! Pls read this: 5 ways Obama’s discipline policy made schools less effective and safe http://dailysign.al/2pbyVwt  via @JarrettStepman
Hey lady 2u & ur family, Quit over charging my student loans, lowering my credit score, raising my minimum payment, over charging interest, no allowing my co-signer off, & preventing the borrower from paying loans wen due. Selfish! TY 2 the open law suite against u & ur family
Unfortunately while you head tbe government’s head as Secretary of State the likelihood of improving public education is negligible. Your head is bound for private and charter schools.  Your whole history in education is solely to fund those two entities, never public schools.
Betsy Devos is Sec of Ed!
Fran.  She holds a position she knows nothing about.  Just because she owns private or charter schools does not make her an expert.  She and her billionaire husband are bent on privatizing schools.  Where will the families send their children to school if they have no money?
Judith, you referred to her as Sec’y of State.
Yes.  Thanks for catching that.
Good luck. She’s clueless.
Stop the attacks on the union representing Education Dept employees.
Your student loan servicing policy does not serve deserving students or protect them from loan scammers - quite the opposite.  You need to resign for your lack of moral leadership.
Sec. Betsy - Please Look to #RootCause Why? there is mass shootings and mass depression among "Children" Please answer the follow graphical query ?? - Is is diet and malnutrition driven? @USDA @USDANutrition @NIH @NIHDirector @US_FDA @APAPublicInt @RobertLustigMD @davidludwigmd
Will they be warm also?! STOP FUNDING LAWLESSNESS!
To further protect America's students, schools need C-Bond II http://cbondsystems.com/c-bond-ii/  Ballistic Resistant Film System, an advanced, VITAL upgrade to glass that is already in use school districts in Houston and Dallas, not to mention government and commercial buildings. #safety
http://TalentDiscoveryEducation.com  solves all problems K-12 is dealing with because it unleashes HIGH SELF ESTEEM that is inherent in every student. The killer of every child is Disillusionment... the fear of not being normal, not be good enough, not having the talents within to be success!
We can feel safe when your 6 ft under!
Let us know when you be visiting underperforming Michigan schools.
 @WhiteHouse  This administration is a joke. #ResignNOW
SNL took on Betsy DeVos — and it was everything 
As a retired special Ed counselor, I have personal insight into the dynamics involved with teaching kids. The very best thing you can do for those kids, and country, is quit. You are totally incompetent, and a disgrace to the profession. Just leave, with grace, one good decision.
Betsy ... amazing that you have been in your role with no accomplishments that don’t have an agenda.
That's a good thing. Her agenda is the destruction of good public education in exchange for a voucher system where the rich get a good education and the poor get stupid.
Step off and let someone with experience have the job you are part of a Cleptocrisoy
Awesome, you can start helping to protect our schools and our students by resigning.
@dougducey adding more School Counselors IS adding more security.
Agreed. Crreating a more inclusive less bullying environment will also help!

#GunControl will do that. Also, you should resign for this and many other reasons:
You are a joke
#Resign NOW
NO CHILD SHOULD FEAR MAKING THE "WRONG" CHOICE ABOUT THE DEATH OF OTHER CHILDREN. That adults are invading kids boundaries like this IS BEYOND REPREHENSIBLE. Get this OUT OF OUR SCHOOLS!!!

@USSupremeCourt @TheJusticeDept @BetsyDeVosED @POTUS @TedCruz @RandPaul @SenateFloor
Students should be protected from your http://countertransference.You  and @realdonaldtrump have some things you might consider working through,
For openers, you ignorant twat, you could resign.

Keep all guns out of schools.  Don't arm the bears.
Betsy! I saw you on Saturday Night Live last night! You were SO much better than you were on stinky old 60 Minutes!
You might want to start by involving people that actually know something about research and school safety #nasp #prepare #schoolpsychogists
Solution is not to turn schools into forts..or to privatize education.  Think again.  ook to the anger and resentment and the wealth divisions preached by our oligarchs.
Hey @BetsyDeVosED, Rducation grifter in chief — are the rumors true that you’re going to let Kate McKinnon run things on Fridays and Mondays over there at the Department of Education?
No one, teachers or students, can feel safe as long as you are playing the role for which you are supremely unqualified, Secretary of Education. Just resign.
https://gizmodo.com/gop-data-firm-accidentally-leaks-personal-details-of-ne-1796211612/amp …

I’m a teacher of 20 years. None of my colleagues want to carry a weapon. Invest in protection. The type you have 24-7. Look in the mirror and own than reality.
Try asking teachers and students for suggestions. We live it!! Politicans are not in the trenches working in schools.  That is the problem with public education. People make decisions and policies for institutions they don’t understand!!
Mind you this is a brighter version than you, you are a complete joke and proof of pay for play. You truly are the toxic waste Trump found draining the swamp.
Get out now while you can.
Im sure Ditsy......sorry Betsy is going to advocate arming teachers to protect children from Grizzly bears.  Right? Everyone remembers Grizzly bears showing up at school.. Lolol.
How do you live with yourself? Are you arrogant enough to think that any rich person who went to a private school knows more about education than any teacher without ever having even studied it or put any thought into it? Who are you fooling?
Lets remove the corruption from the Secretary of Education. Your lifelong ambition has been to make a profit from duping parents. You are not an educator! You are a collaborator with the Trump/Russia money laundering scam. Your husband belongs in jail!
My 5yo Kindergartener is required to do a fun run to raise donations for her school library because there aren't enough funds to replace the dirty, torn, and outdated library books. Care to donate, Betsy?
THIS IS GREAT!!
What is in this for you? You are a BILLIONAIRE! Why would you want to be ridiculed everyday for your lack of intelligence?
Only problem is that you have a Supreme Court decision in 3-21-2016 that says you cant ban anything and you can restrict the 2nd amendment. So what exactly do you think you are going to do except nothing.
Betsy, you are widely viewed with scorn. You weren't qualified for your job and, since you were sworn in, you haven't bothered to gain the knowledge you need. You are a disservice to American children who deserve so much better.
Spend time and money to fix our great Public School system for EVERY child in America, not just the privileged children. Stop the attacks on Public Schools. Our Public Schools have produced scientists, doctors, architects, politicians, builders, teachers and so much more.
On "60 Minutes" you said schools in "downtown whatever" are bad. Where is downtown whatever?
What about the guns? Why don't you do anything about guns?
The safest thing is to get DeVos out of there.
You have no qualifications to be secretary.  You’ve never been in the classroom and have no idea what a diverse learner is, much less give a damn.  You are a disgrace to your office.  Resign.
Gosh Bets,  not one positive response from an actual real person. Get yourself some of that “Christian humility” and resign.
The state where you implemented your brand of school choice is failing miserably.  Go away, sell your Amway, get out of my government.
You a a fraud and a crook! You are neither worthy of public service nor qualified to be there. Just Stop! Go home! That’s the way to save our country! You have no ideas that are good for education.
Saw "you" on tv.  

‘Saturday Night Live’ targets DeVos over ‘60 Minutes’ interview

Our public high school is preparing kids for both college and career.  What was your children’s public school preparing them for, Betsy?
How crazy it is that there is people (YOU) that for directly benefit from defending public schools. The more money you take out of poor people's education the more money you make... How do you sleep at night?

Why do I have to be high qualified as a public school teacher and you...seriously, are not even remotely qualified to be the Secretary of Education? Please end this and resign. You are in way over your head.
Hopefully you will be next to be fired.. what a waste of humanity
Oh, please. #Unqualified #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
Lmfao. Can't help but laugh
I challenge you to personally open 1 school with 200 of the most under performing students in the US, with your own money, your own academic plan, and you can even play Principal.  Then get back to us about what you think you know AFTER being in a school setting year round.
When you are using your own money to make actual progress and not to BUY influence, it's  a whole different ball game.  Stop telling us what you donate because that money was only to buy your misconceived perception of how things should be w/out any experience. Take the challenge
Oh be sure to check out SNL being you!! PERFECT. ABSOLUTELY PERFECY!! You will agree, I am sure!!!
You have no idea what you’re doing.
Let's replace teachers with 'mentors' and replace schools with Amway
#Unqualified #PayToPlay #RESIGN #DeVos

Re: security: This requires ensuring that all students feel like they belong and that all others belong and strengthening democratic institutions, including well-performing public schools, NOT more guns.

RESIGN! YOU’RE INCOMPETENT!
I will always remember you as the horribly unqualified woman who was too clueless to understand why people were upset about her getting a position she clearly did not deserve
If you are "serious" about "protecting students", then ban guns.
Has our government ever followed orders and killed Americans? There is a definite reason for the 2A.
Kate McKinnon was LITERALLY a better you on SNL last night than you are irl. Just resign already if you really care about kids.
Your lack of basic knowledge on what plagues schools, both public and charter, is unnerving.
Mrs. DeVos, You are an abject failure as Secretary of Education. Kindly resign.
If you cared about protecting our students then you'd RESIGN! #FireDeVos #ResignImmediately #ImpeachTrump #VoteDemocrat
please just get lost
bro can you imagine what will happen if a teacher gets pissed off and has a gun readily available? like those unhinged, constantly angry and racist teachers that keep coming up in the news? oh man, i cant wait
This should not have been  addressed to be one of your goals as a leaderless person for education. It should have been natural for you to implement a safety plan. Yes Betsy.... is ... agreed ... the wrong person for the job. Having money does not make a person qualified.

Show true leadership and STEP DOWN NOW.  No value add to education, rather noise and distraction.
Betsy - Do you even read feedback?  You should be ashamed...  Seriously, read this thread...Submit your letter and resign NOW!!!
Loved the Saturday night live impression of you...funny, but said...it was a reality check. Step down...do our students a favor!  Rich friends loosers too...support public education and not your rich friends.  Step down NOW!!!
Betsy - You're an idot...step down...stop embarrasing yourself.  Move on show our students can benefit from someone who has a chance to make change.
Stop pretending you're representing education and step down.  Your rich friends will get over it.  Your out of touch with reality.  You should be ashamed to say you represent education but in reality, you know nothing about public education.  Do us a favor, STEP DOWN NOW!  MOVEON
Betsy - There's no shame in stepping down...you are out of touch with reality.  You paid your way to a position...congratulations on your paid accomplishments.  You did not earn the right to represent education.  You should be ashamed.  It's time to step down before you're FIRED
Yes, protecting American students from you
60 Minutes exposes you for the rich stupid self entitled bit*h that you are. Resign!!!
You suck at your job.   You got that position in exchange for your brother.   They , putin/trump/flynn, wanted eric.   You were a consolation prize.
The best thing u can do for education I’d resign!! U r ignorant & unqualified! U r also afraid to visit under performing Detroit schools. Money can’t buy class & it can’t fix stupidity!!
We also need to fix #commoncore it is horrible, especially for #math
I guess you can breathe a sigh of relief now that public school week is over.  Not once didn't you even bother to mention it.
America educational system-------was TERRIBLE long before Besty DeVos became the Secretary of Education

America was 30th in the world in math and science before Besty Devos became the Secretary of Education  

A good read http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8224467/1/ …
Resign. Just...resign.
#Resign
Nailed it, Bets. #NewVideo #BetsyDeVos #RandyRainbowInterview 
So gun control law ideas are on the table?
but not test scores? Boxed lesson plans?  Control of the teachers?
Hopefully you discussed your resignation first.
Once again you trend on Twitter. Your stupidity has no end. #Resign
More children today do not have parents at home after school than ever before. After school programs and an army of school psychologists will help us combat school violence. Furthermore our kids feel anonymous in larges classes.
Here's an idea. Free college that is actually FREE.http://changingcalculus.com 
Yo Betsy Wetsy.  If you get canned, which I think you will.  Do you get a refund on all the pay for play money you paid to get this job?
Ms DeVos, maybe you can do something about this.
CAN'T WAIT UNTIL YOU ARE GONE FROM THE ADMINISTRATION. YOU ARE A F U C K I N G  DISASTER!
shut up, you know nothing but dollar signs, you’re disgusting.
This is so truthful and hilarious! :
You are missing the real point of protecting students!  We need to make AR-15s with high capacity clips unavailable to the public!  These are weapons  of war & have no place in in American society!

Unfortunately, poster child of what's wrong with education.  No shame Betsy in stepping down NOW...YOUR FIRED...get out of here...go back to your pyramid scheme and Amway...You should be ashamed!!!
Jesus Christ, Betsy, you HAVE no plans. Would you resign already. You have NO IDEA what you're doing.
Hey Betsey deVos I have a real education idea have your people message me..I live in Zinke home town


What happened to the people of Flint, Michigan was unbelievable. A shocking example of government irresponsibility and systemic racism. Nearly four years later, we cannot forget about them: https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/opinion-lewis-flint-needs-help_us_5aa7b857e4b087e5aaedb962 …
Our children need more than one kind of protection. You must immediately ban at all public schools and publicly-funded colleges and universities, all teachers from proselytizing their personal political or religious ideologies in the classroom, on school property!
There will be plenty of that when she tries to make all schools christian and "right leaning" won't that be fun? What planet r u on?
I am still waiting for common core to go.  What happened?..
I am happy that you are in the public eye betsy - now everyone knows what a sham you are.  Except you of course
what's this about...
A gov't watchdog group shows DeVos doesn't show up to work most days. She cuts out on a Thursday and doesn't come back till Tuesday.
@SarahBurris @RawStory
Great job Betsy, your doing a great service to our children.
Betsy, you and Kellyanne Bowling Green Massacre Conway should fight to the death using only carrot peelers as weapons. The victor wins her choice of Sarah Huckabee Sanders' eyes. Good luck!
Lmfao! I'm cryin' over here, thanks for the laugh

Please come visit a real public school and actually listen to a real students and teachers. Our students are scared!!  Maybe then you’ll understand the “real” world.
Nobody wants Betsy’s stench of ignorance in their building. Except for the private schools that she profits from.
You don't give two shots about kids...unless they are rich..
@realDonaldTrump @foxnation @foxandfriends @HouseGOP @Cabinet @GOP @PressSec @SecondLady @FLOTUS
Betsy and Sarah Palin out dumb each other.
You can help protect students by RESIGNING.  Your 60 minutes interview was an astounding revelation of how incompetent you are.
Where did all the Public schools go?
So What's the Plan?
Look, Bets. The gun issue is national, not just in schools. You need to focus on education, not guns.
Uhh...How about giving them a solid education while ensuring that they are fed, clothed, clean, and safe?
If you really want to protect students, you would resign.
Colin Flaherty Podcast:Teaching Can Be a Dangerous Profession:
There is already not enough money for enough guidance counselors, teachers, social workers & nurses for our schools. These people make a huge difference in children’s lives, and they will suffer without adequate resources.
Arming teachers is flat out stupid
The Trump admin has done NOTHING to make schools safer.  Gun control is the only way to stop the slaughter of kids in America
No one will feel safe until you resign. So, hint, hint!!
Spend some time learning your job instead of posing for pictures.  #unqualified #unfittoserve
What if additional security requires increasing funding to schools?

I assume said schools would be SOL.
Ur dumb! Resign
Now we just need leadership in the Dept. of Education to work on this matter.
Humm, @realDonaldTrump needs to take a close look at his Sec of Ed!!!! I’m certainly not impressed!

@VP @dbongino @MarkYoungTruth @Education4Libs @DLoesch @seanhannity
He did take a close look at her. He also took a close look at the boat-load money she donated to his campaign. That was all the vetting that #45 needed to do in order to deem her "highly qualified".
Truth.  #unqualified
Stop wearing all that expensive jewelry. Somebody is liable to stick you with a knife and steal it.
Why don't you encourage states that still allow corporal punishments in their schools to strike it from the books.

A former Cornell student is facing federal charges after police found an AR-15, ammunition, homemade silencer and other supplies. The cache of items has left investigators "stunned." #twithaca 

…
@BetsyDeVos today would have been a good day to "intentionally visit" an underperforming school.
Still waiting for you to do something about it.

Still waiting for you to do something for the public schools, instead of trying to steal public money for your private schools...
YOU ARE A #UNqualifiedMORON #betsydevosSUCKS
Leslie Stahl 60 minutes treated you horribly.
2 words, gun control,  it's not rocket science
Make the AR-15s illegal to purchase. Baby steps Betsy, baby steps.
Nothing is more important than EDUCATING our kids, NOT arming teachers!
Why don’t you talk to students?

Help protect our children by banning assault weapons ... keep guns out of schools. Change the age restrictions to 21. Visit public schools and listen to the students and teachers.

I don't believe you care about students outside of your family. Prove me wrong, learn  your job responsibilities & learn about the policies of your position & how you can improve them. If nothing more come prepared to your next interview.
I would feel safer without you as Ed Sec. resign!

Quit the photo ops and the political niceties. If you are truly a child advocate come out against AR-15 assault style weapons. You won’t because you are a cowardly pawn.

Betsy DeVos wants to eliminate the very programs she thinks will help stop school violence http://bit.ly/2FMA196  
So since you believe that, I trust that you will be a strong and vocal supporter of new gun control measures.  Thank you for your support Secretary DeVos!
