I am glad my youngest is about to graduate. Something tells me her school is about to become less safe, with your hand in it.
Lemme guess: you’ll take all that data in and arrive at more guns needed
Her solution will be "guns and god in every classroom!"
Sound OK to me most important is God back in schools and our Country
your implying there is something wrong with this DUAAA
You are teachers so teach leave the discipline up to the parents. You have rules if they miss behave they got suspendened and then expelled. Call the law if they are violent. Call the law if they threaten. You all not the answer you are thier teacher lead by example.
please don't. don't you have a failing school to not visit?
Who cares?
And you are only going to visit schools that have never had any incident of gun violence, just like you have never visited a failing school?  You are incompetent, and each day you remain in your job, the nation's educational system worsens. Resign ASAP.
FAKE 
NEWS
You can't even run an education department, and you think Americans believe you know how to enhance school safety???? Schools need enhanced safety policies not for gun violence, but to prevent your constant attacks against them!
Amway products in every classroom?
All these “free space”, “gun free zone” and the likes of “assault weapons” must end.  According to the U. S. Army manual, assault weapons MUST BE selective fire weapons.  AR-15’s and such aren’t selective fire!
and @POTUS - 3 students injured in California, accidental discharge in Virginia school, Sherriff leaves gun in Michigan school locker room.  ALL Highly Trained individuals.  Wondering how this factors in your plans for highly trained teachers to carry firearms in schools.
Your position is one of great responsibility. It's time you did the job with intelligence and hard work. I'm afraid you haven't displayed either attribute yet. Please step up to the plate & serve our country & not your special interests.
Thank you
How about we get rid of all public schools, then there will be nowhere for the shootings?
BUT YOU DONT HAVE ANY EDUCATORS OR MENTAL HEALTH PRIFESSIONALS IN THE GROUP???
You’re kidding, right? Look up leadership in the dictionary.
You will lead nothing because you are a horrible leader and a vile person
But who will speak for the grizzlies?
What will you do about teachers shooting kids like today in California? This will happen more often with more guns. What is your plan??????
Betsy. Do you really need all this? You’re just embarrassing yourself with you lack of everything. You’re a billionaire. Go home. Leave governing to those that know better.
Resign !.....and let a Teacher/administrator do the job.
You don't have a clue @BetsyDeVos
Sarah Sanders said Trump will lead the process and she pretty much lumped you in with the hired help.  I’d watch out.... one or two mumble-mouthed showcases of your incompetence like the “60 Minutes” piece  and I bet Trump goes full Tillerson on you.
We already know. #guncontrol.
Be strong Betsy DeVos. Accomplish what you set out to do. I know you will do very well.
It's hard to believe you are interested in preventing school violence when you have never visited an underperforming school where students face a range of violence, quite often from over-zealous law enforcement officials.
Vote of no confience...RESIGN NOW
And yet we already know your findings: more guns (because you know—grizzly bears), vouchers, and demeaning public school teachers for not preventing these shootings.
Could you lead your parade off a short pier
Is your first meeting this afternoon?
THAT should be effective lol
Resign
There should be an intelligent, educated student representative at these meetings. The shootings aren't geared towards adults; they are focused on kids. Get someone in there who thinks like a child and can offer real ideas about the struggles students face.
Finally someone will really and hopefully impactful ideas as opposed to blank statements of banding products which in the long run solves nothing.  Thank you for actually trying to find real solutions!!!
It seems to be all talk, no action.  Last time I looked, Trump doesn't like that.
I volunteer to serve...as a superintendent of schools, I can lend my experience and my voice as a practitioner in the field. lclemensen@hbschools.us
And I will be leading a team of 5 year olds in the construction of @elonmusk 's next spaceship.  Pfft.  Gtfo here
They were SO MEAN to you! I cannot believe that they asked you, the head of the Education Department, to actually know about education policy. Shame on them.
#RESIGNBETSY
Make sure you go to PUBLIC SCHOOLS !!! THOSE COUNT TOO LADY !!
Because you're so qualified, right?
This commission will be as useless as you are. The fact that Trump hasn’t fired you proves how worthless you are in this role. He only keeps those who blindly follow him. Do us all a favor and resign.
but all these professionals say not to arm teachers but you still think that could be okay
That is horrifying. It is almost the worst possible outcome. Please don’t. Please say you’re going to let someone else do it.
I'm not sure you could lead a horse to water!
How are you qualified???  Like for real, what makes you a person for this important issue?

JUST IN: Woman with no medical experience or credentials announces plans to perform brain surgery using chainsaw. https://twitter.com/BetsyDeVosED/status/973635543211958273 …
Will that include underperforming schools or will you intentionally not include them?
Then school districts should do the exact opposite of what this incompetent corrupt buffoon suggests. #TrumpSwamp
Lead them off a cliff of stupidity. 
#BetsyDumbvos
WATCH: Betsy DeVos struggles to answer basic questions about campus sexual assault on @60Minutes, once again proving that she is unqualified to be the U.S. Secretary of Education.
Listen to teachers. They don't want more guns. https://www.facebook.com/plugins/post.php?href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fmarybeth.white.71%2Fposts%2F10209896892133117&width=500 …    #politicizemydeath
We don’t need a federal commission to know that common sense gun regulation will help protect our kids.  #neveragain
If you are serious about meaningful communication with parents & communities regarding safety in schools, Thoughtexchange could be your best friend. Across the nation, school district leaders are using  Thoughtexchange as a communication tool to gain insight from stakeholders
Violence from grizzlies?
If the kids were dying from poisoned milk, wouldn't you get rid of the milk? Your rhetoric just makes you one of the herd, Betsy.
I would support you if only you go back to school and get a REAL education! Don't go to Michigan though because we all know someone screwed up their school system so bad it's gonna take someone with REAL knowledge to fix it!
No offense meant, but please just stop pretending that you know what you’re doing in this job.  Time to step aside and have someone competent and experienced in education leading the charge for our children.
Then why aren’t you leading the walkout today? The students needed your support....stop lying!!
Betsy, do yourself a favour and just resign. You are too stupid to be responsible for anything that affects other people. You are an unqualified embarrassment to education, and should not be trusted with any part of it.
NO. THANK. YOU.
Please don’t.  Please let a qualified individual do this.  Guns to fight grizzly bears for gosh sakes. 
You’re a disgrace. Resign. You can’t even answer about what’s going on in Michigan schools, your home state. Disgraceful! Don’t just visit schools for publicity, you unqualified “secretary”.
Please Do us all a favor and #Resign. You are not at all good for our Country. Our Children don't want Guns in Schools. President Trump said he would support the age to Purchase from 18 to 21. However he went back on his Word.What credentials do you have in Education and Guns?
I have much more to share if wanted, but please connect with Dr. William Pollack, Dr. James Garbarino and Dr. Basil Jackson, as well as Brenda High, founder of BullyPolice:  http://www.jaredstory.com/BrendaHigh.html   #GodHelpUs
You’re a fraud and I can’t wait for your brother to end up in jail.
You couldn’t lead kindergarteners safely across the street.
Resign
And how will you do this. Can you please, in concise terms, lay out your plans?

Yeah, I didn't think so...

Please resign.
I have the utmost faith in your inability to lead that well.
Oh God help us all. The blind leading the blind!
You're too dumb to lead a trip to the next room with a GPS in your hand.
what about standing up to the NRA? it doesnt take nuclear science to figure out guns are the main problem... you are incredibly unqualified to do your job... oh yeah when are you visiting underperforming poor schools?
Resign
Educators, parents, mental health professionals, and law enforcement have been working to reduce and prevent school violence for several decades.   What about a federal commission working to reduce gun violence in schools?  #neveragain
Please don’t.  We don’t need you messing anything else up. Matter of fact do the nation a favor and resign your post immediately. You are a disgrace, our children deserve better.
Will it include provisions for keeping our LGBT students safe?
#loveourlgbtstudents
#devosmustgo
#cluelessbetsy
From a lifelong educator, PLEASE RESIGN, you are woefully inadequate for the Secretary of Education position and continue to harm our nations children! Do not add insult to injury by heading the task force, you have no expertise to lend!
aight bet
The only thing you are qualified to do is lead the procession to the slammer, along with hot traitorous brother.
Dr. DeVos, as you are aware, the Schoolhouse to Jailhouse Program, initially Funded via Arne Duncan/Obama/Ayers/Holder began in Chicago long before #Obama became @POTUS44 These Programs continue across the US via Grants & #PromiseProgram Research shows other shootings. #Denver
It’s so sad already. Resign already. U and Ben Carson, Pruitt, Zinke...all a joke. Resign and let somebody who has the credentials for the job do it.
You’re the worst thing that’s ever happened to the American education system. The best thing you can do is just go shopping for the next two years. Go away Betsy.
Hey Betsy. How about buying a million of these instead of guns and training?
just say you are doing nothing.
Go away!!
Good!
This can only end in tears.
I guess, when you spend $200M for your seat, you can work less than four days a week, regularly leaving Thursday and return late Monday morning. https://www.americanoversight.org/unexcused-absences-devos …
That is, if you even bother to show up for it... I can't imagine anyone else who would still have a job if they only worked 67% of the time. No wonder you couldn't even answer basic questions when asked on 60 Minutes.
Guns, because grizzlies.
this is why teachers should be teaching - not policing.

how the hell do you SLIGHTLY injure someone?…
Will your plan include safety of LGBTQ youth?
It's the drugs. The Px drugs. I heard a lady say that where there is God there is freedom. Well they took God out of the schools and now the schools are demonic indoctrination prisons. But u know its the drugs right?

I doubt you could lead a parade of drugged ducks.
This report I cant wait to read.
how many children of high school age are on your comissin?  maybe u need to listen to them.... #5 I hear you?
Step 1. Be a millionaire
Step 2. “Intentionally never visit underperforming schools”
Step 3. Let Jesus do the rest
Why didn't you just talk to those students in Florida about possible courses of action?  Students have more insight than you give them credit.
Please don't Betsy. This isn't your thing. Go shopping. Redecorate something. You have to let this one go.
Will your report mention grizzly bears?
Best solution is cut down on # of guns, but you’re not going to pay any attention to that so why bother?
Read these before you pretend to know or care anything about school safety.  http://dbc3.com/MSD 
These are written by the kids you refused to meet.
@COB @ohstephany_
Maybe you could ask someone knowledgeable how to put arts back in school so these kids can have a non-violent outlet? Or resign so that someone competent could do it. #DeVos
Betsy, you are barely qualified to count the paper clips in the supply closet.
Don't over-reach!
Stay in your lane FFS!!!
Will you have any actual answers, to the actual questions, this time?
#Resign
It’s not a “school problem,” it’s a GUN PROBLEM!
Just a thought, really. How about we save all of that $ you are going to ask us to spend on this study? We could then spend it on feeding kids, clothing kids, buying books & supplies for kids at school. Then, we make schools safer by saying NO GUNS.  #NotOneMore #EnoughIsEnough
Breaking News! Michigan woman is first to contract idiot virus named after former Alaskan politician @SarahPalinUSA and condition now known as Palintosis.  Please beware as this virus is lethal and destroys brain cells.
Here's a best practice: keep guns out of the hands of people who should not have them. This can be achieved through universal background checks and laws that require people to store guns safely so they aren't stolen.
And defend against grizzlies!
No you won't.. You don't lead on anything! You are useless!
Oh, Betsy Wetsy, you’re such a jokester. 
Giving you the benefit of the doubt, Mrs. Devos.  If you actually come up with some serious proposals, which I doubt, do you think any of them will be implemented?   Not with this congress.  You'll have more luck with the next one.
Resign Betsy.
The only thing you should be leading is a course on how to fail every interview you’ve ever granted.  #backtodecoratingthelakehouse
Now will you actually talk to teachers or just guess their responses???
You need to kill Common Core! Our children will grow up with no logical understanding of math. Reading levels are still low. Politics and hate are taken to the students from many teachers. Clean it up!!
Just an FYI, guns for teachers is not a solution. Tell that to your friends at the NRA.
Let’s hope you lead this commission better than you “led” your interview with 60 Minutes last night. Your complete lack of knowledge is almost hilarious, if it weren’t so disturbing.
The best thing you can do is let someone who has actually worked in a classroom determine what is best for schools.
Will you be wearing your NRA membership pin? Please go away. No one wants you leading anything, much less this fight. The kids have got it.
I can't wait until Rachel adds you to the Covfefe Wall of Winners. 
Hey Betsy - start with no more automatic weapons for sale, no bump stocks, and raising the age to purchase guns to 21.

DONE. See how easy that was? A SCIENCE TEACHER just solved your problem.

You’re welcome. I sure hope you are inviting some of the #parkland kids.  them
Sallyport style non-student entry for all schools a must. On another note, detach receipt of SSI $ to IEPs. Biggest scam going.
The best thing you can do for the safety of public schools is to resign. #BetsyDeVaster
Is that before or after you don't show up? Or before or after you fill your pockets with education money?  Let me answer that....you already have and you don't plan on showing your face.
Girl seat down somewhere
Just step down. This gig ain't for you.
With all the evil comments people leave I expect just to be attacked, but I think there is hope for Safety and Security in our district based on real security measures not just political hype. Good luck not everyone in publicEd are as awful as the people who leave comments to 2u.
You have no clue what to do with our education system. But you want to leadvthe safety commity to keep our kids safe.
LEAD???



HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!





BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!



Maybe you could lead the Whitehouse into a Mass Resignation!

#resign!
Oh wait you wouldn’t lead that either...

Prople are projectiles flung from this administration.

Youd be just another loser in a long line of nothing-shrapnel
@BetsyDeVosED You really suck at your job.  I ought to know, I am a teacher with 19 years of experience.
God save all the children from Betsy aka ‘Anti Christ’
Under qualified to lead a local PTO.
In other words, stall.
Where are you going to get the data from? Those schools you don't visit.
Weren't you the one that encouraged gun use in schools to defend against bears?
Another commission! Great, less money for the kids and nothing done...
Next...hiring Blackwater for all school security 
You are really bad at your job
Will you be consulting the bears who have mastered the art of infiltrating our schools ?
It’s “gun violence,” you parasite.
Betsy and her "plan"
Really???  you couldn’t even answer questions about schools in your own state.
RESIGN !!!!
When you tweet things like this we educators understand the subtext: you will just go through the motions and tow your party line which is basically: NRA, profits over students and protecting the good old boys.  That's why so many are calling for you to resign.
You are a joke!
Oh good you’re going to be leading something else that you have no clue about.
I'll give you your answer free of charge: no more fucking guns, and better respect and resources for mental health in ALL schools, even the public ones you despise so much. Yes, you still have to fund those.
Considering you’re as dumb as a brick, this is almost funny.
Then please surround yourself with experienced people and listen to them!
The children of the US would be better off if you resign and let a real educator with experience take your job.  You are the epitome of incompetence and have no business in education.
I feel for the teachers and students you have no knowledge
Losing 'our' schools for socializing kids 
(especially the 'kids at risk') over twenty years ago, we've seen  huge rise in violence. Teaching kids generic moral and spiritual values worked that is a fact! 
Return to what works.
That OR total school choice / funding to parents!
A phony POS. Never will I understand why Congress allowed a schleppe into our Education Department.
Why waste tax money. You're just going to suggest more guns in schools. That is all your pathetic mental capacity can take in.
DeVos Defends Trump by Saying: 'Would a Moron Hire Me?'

I think she just answered the question and insulted herself all at once...
"School violence" is a convenient euphemism that covers a wide range of behaviors from a fistfight on the playground all the way up to and including some crazed maniac -- with all too easy access to guns and ammo -- murdering students and teachers at a local K-12 school.
Please don't. You screw up everything YOU touch. Just be happy giving donald lap dances
#noblackwater #resign
First might I suggest you learn about schools and teachers and students.  Like what and where they are.
What cause Nicolas Cruz to want to shoot up the school in the first place? Isn't that an issues of prevention; what was happening to him, that he went off like that? Drugs, Porn, Bullying, taunting? He seems like a nice kid?
You are the most unqualified Secretary of Education in the history of the country.
Please resign you are not fit for this job!!!!!!
What makes you an expert on the subject?  Being a billionaire does not mean you know the answers or have any ability to lead anything.  By your interview on 60 minutes, I wouldn't put you in charge of watching paint dry.
Please ask your Chief of Staff to contact me
This makes me feel less safe in school...
Hmmm.  Sounds dangerous, putting you in charge. Can another 60 Minutes debacle be headed your way?
Omg. Just resign. You have no idea what you are doing.
Wow sure looks like no one likes you. Maybe you should resign!
What an embarrassment
You couldn’t lead the way out of a paper bag with one end open.
What a joke - you are too dumb to do anything - we have all seen that - ur a joke
Pretty sure she didn't write this tweet... it's  way too grammatically correct. Uses big words and everything.
When did the #NRA become a #commission? I’m sure their #bloodmoney will help you make adequate decisions, just like it did for @realDonaldTrump and all his big talk about #gunreform You’re goal is dismantling schools and I’m sure this “commission” is only going to be #lip service
