If only you were qualified to be in that group....
@BetsyDeVosED @POTUS with due respect CCSI must be replaced!  OUR children are and have been indoctrinated for far too long and are  advancing to the next grade unprepared. We are seeing the results of this catastrophe everyday! #AmericanCatastrophe #NoCCSI #ACT
Guns are not the solution.
That’s awesome! Now, what about the quality of their education??

I'm just gonna leave this right here:
Betsy Devos came to my school, talked to three people, and pet a dog. This is incase the press tries to say something else later
These Smart Kids know how to Smell a Rat! They called it!
Sure did! Kids are good at that. I love them!
Betsy 4 prison
Sweet jesus will someone please kick this disgusting pig to the curb.
Your interview really summed up how pointless you are to the world #pleasequit #stoptalking
You should be thankful for all of the leadership you can get...since you aren't capable of performing your job on your own.
She acts like she cares, but nothing will change. She will smile her fake smile & continue to support the NRA & take money from public schools. She is so out of touch, just like the rest of the trump billionaire team. WWJD Betsy? NOT what you are doing!!!! You are evil.
#NRAKillsKids #devosMustGo #devosisaClown

Look out Betsy.
Lies!
Just a thought, GOPers, if you get another chance, pick someone who Likes public schools to run public schools, this principle could even be applied to other depts: Energy, Labor, EPA, State, Justice, etc, jes sayin.
We're not arming our teachers with guns in our schools. Go back to the drawing board, lady.
C u next Tuesday
How does it feel to be the sister of a traitor? When he gets indicted, will you lose your job? I hope so. Just saying. I mean a no experience political payback appointment? Maybe you will even get the opportunity to wear orange for 15-20 years.
Putting guns in schools will create a shootout between teachers and 1st responders. Teachers have no Intel, no description, just a gun. Who determines who they shoot. 2 armed teachers might shoot at each other. More guns are a danger to everyone. Friendly fire may kill a student.
You went to a school and only spoke to 3student chosen by the school and u pet a dog. You claim nothing has changed- yet the test scores have increased. You want to switch money to Christian school and leaving the rest behind. You are truly poison for education.
You improved YOUR safety only by spending taxpayer's money monthly for your security over 8 million $! Shame on you!You hurting American schools!
you, your boss, and your brother are soon going to get yours from behind...
Now that I've read this article your position on charter schools makes sense. It would free you up to hire the Roy Moore's of the world to prey on children with impunity. 
http://amp.miamiherald.com/news/local/education/article204271199.html?__twitter_impression=true …
I would like nothing more than to see your little shit brother & your entire greedy, immoral #FakeChristians mercenary-for-hire empire hit rock bottom & go bust into the night. BTW- How much innocent blood does #ErikPrince have on his hands?
#TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
Exactly: thank YOU @New_York_Maquis 
:)
It’s time for BetsyDeVos to begin removing communists from public schools and communist Marxist a Lynskey anti-white text books from public schools before it’s too late.
the children of this nation would benefit from free education but with the grifting slimes like you in office we are moving further away from that every day right?

How is someone in charge of education so completely idiotic
You're a bloody witch, unqualified and have no business being the secretary of education!!
#Evil why on earth would you side with deceptive school lenders and not want states to sue/hold them accountable?
So what have you done Betsy???? Nothing. You are Grand Rapid’s biggest failure
If u really want to improve education u would resign. Ur totally unqualified & have been run out of enough schools in ur bought education role I’m surprised they haven’t gotten a court order to take any guns u might have and require a psychiatric evaluation.
I wouldn't be surprised if you contracted Blackwater to lead school safety.  Please resign and go away.
Go back to Michigan, and to your cocktail parties!
Why are you hurting students and drowning graduates with loan debt? Not one student victim of school shooting trust you, you are not respected among the people.
Are you still talking 
why public school  supporting a walk out on Wednesday? Why my minor child has to be invited to walk out without my permission?
You bring shame to my Country, USA.  You are the worst advocate for education.  You are an advocate for hate.
Resign
Another day another instance of a disgusting human being....  You should not be allowed anywhere near a school
You are pretty much insane or have a DD level IQ. You claim to be Christian but everything you do promotes evil. For instance, abstinence-only will exponentially increase the number of abortions. Banning abortions will not stop them and will increase mother death.
Your actions will cause the death of thousands of fetuses and mothers. Without effective, safe birth control, the number of abortions will explode, both legal and illegal. Young girls will use questionable poisons in attempts to abort. Betsy Devos = DEATH
Hi, Betsy (@BetsyDeVosED). Did you know most students know how to google  images like it was second nature these days? I bet you didn't. I bet  you do now. Watch out for mama grizzlies in DC, they're probably not too  happy with you.
Solutions from... Everyone except teachers and students. Geeez! You'd think you would pay attention to those who actually are at risk of losing their life!
I'm just here to watch America's teachers drag you. And to check in on your Blackwater brother's impeding trail for treason.
Getting u out of your "bought" position is our first step to bettering education. Someone who was educated in public schools is needed!
Are you going to visit your brother in jail? Do you feel bad you’re the only person in your family too stupid to do anything?
The only things that heartens me are all the replies of people who see through your incompetence.  You horrible horrible shill.
You need to resign. Period.
Arming teachers is NOT one of this solutions.
GO VISIT CLASSROOMS IN OUR COUNTRY & SEE WHAT IT'S ALL ABOUT INSTEAD OF BASHING THE TEACHERS. YOU SHOULD KEEP YOUR UNKNOWING MOUTH TO YOURSELF.
We need a middle-class citizen as the Department of Education Secretary. Because I don't own a jet and I know it takes me good 10 minutes to get to McDonald's and it takes $100,000 to get a decent education. Turn that around now I'm still a middle-class citizen
I'm sure it takes about $100,000 just to get you to one place to another so I know that ain't much to you. If students have been victims against fraud there loan should be discharged
Absolutely no one is appreciative of your “leadership” because you are corrupt and incompetent.
You're such a tick, physically and mentally
Mrs. DeVos you are not good for the Department of Education. You have no idea what is needed to make America great again. You're making it harder for students to get loans discharged by for-profit colleges. You have offended Parkland students.
Hey Betsy -- I saw your brother in the newspaper today! Do you know anything about what he has been up to & has Robert Mueller asked you about it? :-D #ErikPrince

New: Amid renewed scrutiny, Erik Prince to host fundraiser for Russia-friendly congressman @RepRohrabacher https://www.cnn.com/2018/03/08/politics/erik-prince-fundraiser/index.html …



Erik Prince's meeting with Russian executive draws scrutiny of special counsel investigating Russian election meddling- Witness testimony appears to conflict with Blackwater founder’s account to House panel https://www.wsj.com/articles/trump-donors-meeting-with-russian-executive-draws-scrutiny-of-special-counsel-mueller-1520563593 … via @WSJ
Betsy you are less QUALIFIED for your position than #DotardDonaldTrump is for his- which is terrible!!! @BitchBetsyDeVos you are an embarrassment to the state of MI. RESIGN ASAP!!!! #DipshitDeVos #BetsyHypocritBibleThumper #DumpDeVos
https://www.splcenter.org/hatewatch/2016/05/17/council-national-policy-behind-curtain … This is the organization behind #ErikPrince @BetsyDeVosED @KellyannePolls #SteveBannon and many others connected to @realDonaldTrump Its on the @splcenter watch list PAY ATTENTION  #TheResistance
You don't follow any teachers just politicians. "F" grade!
You have a job in the Trump Administration because your brother helped Trump set up back channels to Russia. The grift in our government is unreal.
Suzanne, c'mon, that is not the only reason.  Her and her Amway husband also bought that position.  #payforplay wrote a lotta checks to get this job, don't forget that!
You will be out of the job in a couple years. How will you face the public then.
you get an F- on this one.....
Life Alert pendants for teachers.
Aren't you related to #ErikPrince? What do you think about his #Russia meeting? #Resist #TrumpRussia #RussiaGate #Impeach45
Hey Betsy! A reminder that your brother belongs in jail. I'm betting that's true of more than one member of your #grifter family
Thanks for all that you do to ensure that our kids have a "fair playing field!"

Go back to your rich life leave America alone you are out of touch with the real http://world.You  have used your money to buy a position of http://power.You  are mocked everywhere.Leave the school system to professionals
Erik Prince is going to prison.
If you really gave a crap about kids you'd resign and leave your position to someone competent and informed.
Girly, your time in the barrel appears to be soon. Mueller is on the prowl. LOL
Guns in schools?  No. Guns to shoots bears? Lol no. You’re not qualified.  Resign
I’ve heard from multiple people that you were great at your job, and respected by many at Amway. Please go back.
banning assault weapons costs no taxpayer money, doesn’t  impinge on 2nd amendment rts and will reduce violence
I think it’s proof there is intelligent life out there because they have chosen not to visit us ... wow
Everyone hates you please resign to someone with more experience and is actually qualified
You are the bergamot @BetsyDeVosED. PS... apt handle Betsy. Past tense. Verb. Done. Finished. #Devosed!
You didn't talk to the kids at Parkland, wouldn't even pet a dog. Perhaps you were afraid it was a grizzly bear?
You could care less about us.  Leave your position. Someone who actually cares about public education should be in that role.  An educated person.  You’re so disconnected from us.
#TrumpRussia #MuellerTime #GOPComplicit 

 @DanaRohrabacher @realDonaldTrump @CNN  @MSNBC 

Context is everything! 

https://www.npr.org/2018/03/01/590076949/depth-of-russian-politicians-cultivation-of-nra-ties-revealed …
Your brother is a hired killer.  How's that feel?

Betsy Devos and Eric Prince, sister and brother, both have strong ties to Russia.  Makes you wonder who's side they are truly on, though.  #Putins Russia just touted a more advanced nuclear weapon to target the US.  They also tampered with our election.  Russia is an enemy nation
So are you aware of how evil and shitty you are or are you blind to it and think  you're actually doing good, like most evil?
Oh my goodness! are you related too that criminal guy? You should never be in a job like that you are tragic.
Shame on you Ms. DeVos #ComplicitGOP #NRABloodMoney #VoteHimOut
You’re evil. You can’t hide the 200 million dollars in your pay for play to the Republican party. How do you look yourself in the mirror? Evil!
Maybe u can give no bid contract to ur mercenary brothers company - he can train & arm all us teachers. 
Resign NOW! You have no business manning this post and you know it.
You didn’t stay long enough or listen to anyone long enough to be inspired or to learn anything.  You are THE worst thing to ever happen to education.
I agree. I think we SHOULD give every teacher an A15 assault rifle. Then you should invite them all to hear you speak. The result would be a real learning experience for you.
The answer is NOT to arm teachers. What will you morons think of next? Maybe we should just arm the students? They're the ones in danger!
How did you get this job again?
she bought it for herself.
Why don’t you leave office and allow a qualified school professional the opportunity to get the job done right’
Your incompetence is stunning. You are a role model for kids who want to grow up ignorant, entitled and selfish. Please resign before you do even more harm. You clearly failed citizenship when you were in school.
#corruptDeVos
we might as well call this cabinet the most hateful, rhetorical, snotty billionaire club who doens't have a clue about the "real people" who haven't lived a life of privilege, we need to move them all out en masse during mid elections,
You really have no business in this job. You should resign.
I'm hopeful that her brother is going to jail, but it would be huge if she did too.
your brother is going to prison or hell which ever comes first
Please include students and teachers in this conversation.
Ms. DeVos, the only question that matters is whether students are learning and growing!! Classroom configuration is not the issue! But then again you aren't qualified to have any opinion - being rich does not make you any type of expert!!
You're a national disgrace, please quit already 

 #TrumpDisasterPicks

Bad news for your brother....& you
Educate yourself on public school education! Don’t generalize for your own benefit and interests

Except not my kid because she has special needs.  She'll be trapped in an underfunded public school.

#LockHerUp
Yeah, of course you like the one guy in Congress who probably knows less about education, science, technology, and math than you do. 

#resign
-“I have some friends at the Kemlin that can help you speak to your friends at the Kremlin”
-“What would you like in return”
-“My sister is very passionate about dismantling our public school system”
-“I have the perfect position for her”

A country that only believes in quality education for the wealthy will, eventually, fall into ruin. Look it up. Repeated history is, perhaps, the best teacher of all, but only for those who care for truth.
So your brother is a murdering weapons smuggler.  Sounds about right for @POTUS  Administration.  Can’t wait till y’all are locked up by the  @FBI !  https://www.thenation.com/article/blackwater-founder-implicated-murder/ …
DeVos’ husband has connections to the Seychelles meeting too
On this Seychelles meeting where Erik Prince acted as a conduit for Trump:

The server connecting the Trump Organization with Russia ran through a company owned by Betsy Devos’ husband.…
Right. But this says her brother managed the Internet hookups.
Ah one waste of skin appreciates another waste of skin. Isn't that adorable?
Why don't you take your knee pads off away from Trump for a second. Do you actually look yourself in the mirror, say the bs before you've tweeted it, then believe it!? Is that how it works? In the words of Mango Unchained, "WRONG!!!"
"Lifelong advocate for children and better schools" Why don't you set your pride, & bank account aside, and actually stay long enough at a school! Eat the same lunch students have to, see the limited funds and materials teachers have to work with. You'd understand more!
Closing in on the #TrumpCrimeSyndicate
Mueller gathers evidence that 2017 Seychelles meeting was effort to establish back channel to Kremlin http://wapo.st/2D9YvXP 

A tale of Conspiracy:

Erik Prince is the brother of Betsy DeVos.…
he's holding a fund raiser for Devin Nunes, Russians stick together
I hear your brother is going to jail.
Prison, I read, not jail.  I have never bean to either.  I would not like to go.  Not curious at all.
Detectors ,,
You are useless. We don’t want guns in our schools. Teachers don’t want guns in the schools you and that sick Nazi bastard in OUR WH want guns in schools because you all owned by the NRA. You have no clue what’s going on in the world nor in our schools.swampbitch
I hope any teacher who is asked to be an armed sniper for their school answers, “If @BetsyDeVosED wants civilians to become armed school security guards, she can go first.”  Not a single teacher will ever be armed.
Soon we won't have to see your face much longer. #MuellerIsComing and you're family is on the long list!
Why is Erik Prince and the Seychelles so critical to the #TrumpRussia scandal?  Eric's sister is Education Secretary Betsy DeVos.  The DeVos family owns Spectrum Health, one of the server locations for the "Stealth Russia Data Machine."  Find out more ->

…


Betsy Devos is the poster child for Trump’s Bizarro World administration, where everything is the opposite of the right thing to do.


Yes, you care so much about improving schools that you're eagerly trying to rescind protections for minorities in the school system 





Looking forward to the 12th US Secretary if Education.

Erik Prince “just happens” to be the brother of Betsy Devos, whose husband “just happens” to be on the board of Spectrum Health, whose server “just happens” to have been connected to w/Trump Tower & #RussianAlfa Bank.…
You are totally unqualified for the position that you bought with your donations to the Trump Catastrophe. You have no support from teachers, administrators, or students. Please resign and let's get someone who's qualified in there. Please go away.
but her brother is a Trump/Russia supporter!
What did your brother do?

Why is Erik Prince and the Seychelles so critical to the #TrumpRussia scandal?  Eric's sister is Education Secretary Betsy DeVos.  The DeVos family owns Spectrum Health, one of the server locations for the "Stealth Russia Data Machine."  Find out more ->

…
@BetsyDeVosED @SenAlexander You need to speak to @JGilliam_SEAL , a tactical expert who can help! Please read his tweet stream attached 
Need threat assessments to harden schools as targets.

#CQRF
#SheepNoMore

TreasonWeasel
you are not very popular with the people you say you are popular with. #BetsyDeVos #bestyDevoidOfCreditials #betsyDevoidOfAnyQualifications #whitehouse #WhiteHouseChaos
No guns for teachers! Teachers teach, not shoot.
Everyone else is leaving the White House, you should too.
NO GUNS IN SCHOOLS!  NO GUNS IN SCHOOLS!  NO GUNS IN SCHOOLS! 
NO GUNS IN SCHOOLS!  NO GUNS IN SCHOOLS!  NO GUNS IN SCHOOLS!  
NO GUNS IN SCHOOLS!  NO GUNS IN SCHOOLS!  NO GUNS IN SCHOOLS!  
NO GUNS IN SCHOOLS!  NO GUNS IN SCHOOLS!  NO GUNS IN SCHOOLS!
Both of you are a DANGER to parents and students. You both stripped PARENTS of their rights and put every child in jeopardy with their privacy..
You are a disgrace to the education system. I wouldn't be surprised to find out you asshats had something to do with the shooting in an attempt to drive students out of public schools, and into the private sector. You are a terrible human being just like trump and his family.
Why can’t the Feds let students postpone their HS education if they can prove they are working 35+ hours a week, and guardian agrees? Education in the US must change!
