But kids are directly harmed when they are barred from going to school to learn. So I hope both sides in WV come to the table to negotiate a swift resolution and get students back in their schools
In the back of your mind, you are trying to figure out how to get more money to your friends who own charters, aren't you?
Tell the truth.
As usual, Betsy DeVos has absolutely no idea what she is talking about.
One of many embarrassing and irreparable moments for her. Sometimes other opportunities are good options.
How could a billionaire know about making ends meet?  You only got this job because you gave Trumpster $$.  Please.
Oh look, the rich woman wants to tell the working poor to just get over it.  You are the absolute worst type of human being.
If you honestly thought this was a squabble(which is a fight about something petty), you know nothing about the situations in education.  Well, you haven't been anywhere where there things don't work, so you probably don't.  Please do us a favor and resign
How is it serving the students when the buildings are falling apart and the textbooks are out of date?  How can they learn anything when teachers don't have the materials needed???
Looks like the teachers finally got your attention.....
you go and serve the students....
oh wait....why would i want a not so smart person who got picked out of privelage instead of credentials to serve millions of students....
Hopefully lawmakers, leaders, at both state a federal levels (DeVos included of course) will put their money where their mouths are.
We are expected to be "highly qualified", some places require Master's Degrees, in addition to professional development coursework throughout our entire careers. If that is expected of us then we should expect pay equal to those requirements.
You really should spend time in the classroom (maybe in OK), be a substitute for a day in multiple schools in U.S. It's embarrassing for the US to expect teachers to fill in the gap between "outdated teaching materials/buildings" and "modern college and career ready materials".
So to be clear the billion dollar bimbo whose brother is a contract killer who never worked a day in her life and never struggled to make ends meet is lecturing teachers about their responsibilities. Same air head who can’t answer basic questions about her own responsibilities.
pay the teachers, kids are harmed because of you and folks like you who want to privatize schools. Kids suffer when no one stands up and protest to your desire to eliminate school funding. Go back to your private school and learn about poverty in america
Why aren't you publicly condemning the Oklahoma legislature and governor for CUTTING education funding?? You would think the Sec of Education would know that kids suffer the MOST due to inadequate education funding!! Wake Up, Betsy!!
For all things good in the universe...PLEASE FIRE YOURSELF!!
and you are ?? Just resign....
This isn’t a squabble, Betsy. Teachers deserve better pay and they are equally as important as the children.
Why weren't they fighting for this when WV was doing its budget? Or during the election?
It’s in response to sub par legislation that was passed. They have been fighting for it - but last raise was in 2014. Rising healthcare costs > salary increases and paying a teacher 33k a year is absolutely despicable.
They can't expect $$ to magically appear in WV budget. Also, how many supported federal legislation that caused health premium increase?
Also the governor announced today they were gonna do a 5% raise for teachers starting this year , so obviously when pushed they found the money .
No article I've found mentions where the money was found. I suspect it comes from the same place as every government deficit... our kids.
considering he hosted a press conference today at 6-6:30 and said that they were “ found “ by “ running the numbers “ “ many many times “ and they said that revenue and possibly a higher severance tax which ours is horribly low for how much we let buy gas and resources from us
I believe Justice found the numbers almost as much as I believe the teachers union cares about the kids' education.
IMO teachers should not be allowed to strike. If they are unhappy with their salary or benefits, do what everyone else in America does: look for a better job. They traded union job security for merit salaries.
Fortunately, this is America, and we still have freedom.
Remember freedom?
You lot are supposed to stand for that.
Including freedom to strike.
That's like saying you have the freedom to take a 2hour lunch every day at work when your employer's rules give you 30 min. Teachers sign a yearly contract that includes their salary and benefits. If they didn't agree, then why did they take the job?
You ARE NOT qualified to talk about the good of education for ANY student. You have never been an educator! The WV teachers and every other teacher, including the OK teacher, do what is needed to prevent taking such drastic measure.
Go find out if a student really did sit on the classroom floor all  year (there weren't enough chairs). Fund the schools properly (and with enough chairs). Ask the same "seated" student if he suffered more on the floor or because of an "adult squabble" that got him a chair.
I'm angered that instead of focusing funding on updating materials in public schools you're spreading it thinner in schools you can't even prove succeed for the sake of parent choice--what seems to be a path back to segregation. Kids need diversity to overcome racism and bigotry.
ITS YOUR JOB, FIX IT. Are you kidding No me “ adult squabbles” is that what you call under pay teacher. We need to stop this BS and take care of our teachers . How about you give the teachers your pay and you take there’s and will see how quick you make changes.
I find it funny that you talk about kids like you care..... you’ve never been in the classroom a day in your life. This is about having healthy enough teachers to be able to live and work and provide the best education possible for our students.
Exactly, I still can’t figure out how she was qualified to get, except, and take that position on Capital Hill!!!
$$$$$$$$$$$$
Squabble? 30,000 highly educated adults don’t walk out of the classroom because they want to engage in a “squabble.” They walk out because they know the children will suffer most in the long term if they don’t walk out now. You are I’ll-informed and out of touch with reality.
*ill-informed
I believe if you are throwing a temper-tantrum because the neighboring state has something that you want, then the word “squabble” is pretty derned accurate.
"derned?"
(cont'd) These strikes are NOT "adult squabbles" but EDUCATORS, who are professionals, fighting for the well-being of not just the current student population but also the future students that will cross our thresholds.
And yet your boss throws temper tantrums all the time.
Kids should not suffer for the States inability to stop cutting funding for public schools. Stick with your private and Charter schools Betsy.
Just the fact that you used the term “adult squabbles” to describe an education crisis, and then subsequent, historic labor movement, leads me to question your understanding of what is happening here in WV. #OutOfTouch
She has a perfect understanding of it.
That's exactly why she's trying to manipulate public attitudes against the teachers.
You may be correct. I am not sure which scares me more; my theory or yours.
Says the tragic ghoul who's never worked a day in her life. Fuck off, scab.
Impressive vocabulary you have.
Yes, my WV kids are losing out in the short-term, but if our teachers gain affordable health care, a fair wage (so they don't need to have second job), and respect (especially from the administrators and legislators), my kids will benefit in the long-run.
Nope
The teachers are serving education and the students by standing up for themselves and our kids.  You don't.   You and your sycophants want to hold education hostage to indoctrination and privatization.   The only responsible thing to do is resist, the value of education >money.
I am crying and you have broken my heart. I am not a servant. I am a professional.  I don't know if I will be returning to the classroom this fall. My mind and body are in pain from the daily exhaustion. Walk a mile in my shoes, I'm sure you'll stumble...
You're right, Ms DeVos. The adults in charge, who can help students, should - that means you. #DoYourJob #Disgraceful #SupportTeachers
Teachers deserve better pay... period. Come on now, I could care less what political side you stand on, we all agree teachers deserve better pay.
So dig into your budget Betsy Wetsy and make sure public schools are funded at levels where both teachers and students benefit.
Then increase their pay, and do not cut out programs instead of worrying about building a damn wall, oorwanting to go to war all the time. Lady you are a joke!
I agree wholeheartedly that students should not suffer from inadequate education resources. Isn't that your job to ensure kids get what they need?
Then fix it it, that’s your job! Take responsibility. You said you would fix education.
Spend a year living on 35K, Betsy.
You are kidding right?  Public schools are going to be in a world of hurt even more after your idiocy is in and out of your position.  You are a disgrace to your position.  Your family and your family's money should keep to themselves.  Quit greasing wheels and resign.  Thanks
How can you justify years of teachers working below the poverty level as an "adult squabble?".  Enough is enough....pay the teachers and fund education!  Betsy--would you work for $42,000 annually?  I doubt it.  And that is why we cannot attract top teachers to stay in the field.
Pay teachers what they are worth. They’re not slaves.

If you really care about the kids, pay for their education.
You, as a joke, are not funny any more.
Feeling bad for the kids?  Put on your working clothes, serve the kids without supplies and poverty wages. Donate your wealth to the school.
RESIGN
I'd be interested to see you live for ONE MONTH on a teachers salary - i would give it 7 days
because everyone has been so responsive and supportive to teachers in the past - BS - wasn't until they went on strike that people even paid attention
Why don't you do your job and make things better for the teachers and the student.. oh, I forgot you do not know how to do that.
Kids are suffering from cuts made by GOP over the years. Why don't YOU go fill in. You know putting you over Education is a joke and an insult.
When kids spend more time with their teachers 5 days a week, more than their parents.  When teachers are molding kids minds, you would think that you would take care of the said teachers!!! Pay them more!!!!
Teachers may not be in the classroom but they are teaching students an important lesson. Insist on being paid a living wage. Shame on you Betsy.
Teacher always have the students as a priority.   That is why they are on strike.
A teacher's working conditions are a student's learning conditions.  Unfortunately, politely waiting for adults to pay a living wage and restore vital supplies and personnel hasn't gotten it done.
#DumpDeVos
Then give it too them!!!!! 
So says the tone-deaf multi-millionaire.
You nasty hypocrite. I hope those teachers march straight to your office. You don’t give a crap about those kids. Swamp mate. #TeacherWalkout
If students' parents lose their jobs due to "taxing the rich" (i.e., Oil Companies which is the majority of OK revenue), lose their homes while the State loses even MORE BILLIONS in Tax Revenue...oh, well, at least they'll get the class-size they want & SeirraClub will be happy.
Give the teachers what they deserve.  Destroying teacher unions, like in Michigan, make this process even harder.  Fight on teachers!!
This #OklahomaTeacherWalkout is much more than a squabble...It is about teachers  who put their hearts into  teaching our children everyday...having the money and resources to do it successfully!!!!
And it is up...to you...@GOP to make  #publicEd.a priority....
Obviously uneducated on the state of Oklahoma Education.
Have you ever been in an paid position with a primary responsibility to others in which you are not paid enough to meet that responsibility to others or even to yourself? 
No? Then let's add that to yet another reason why you aren't qualified for your position.
When they asked nicely, no one listened.
And exactly what is “fiscally responsible” about having an undereducated populous  because teachers can’t afford pen and paper? What is “fiscally responsible” about under paying the teachers who’s students will be tomorrow’s economy?
"populace"
"whose"
"underpaying"
Your spell-check or autocomplete has betrayed you.
What's the sense of students being in schools that cannot meet their needs with current books in quantity for each child? And don't even think about suggesting school vouchers or Charter schools.
Good.
Then you can tell the WV Lege to raise their pay IMMEDIATELY and RETROACTIVELY.
That IS the necessary implication of what you just said.
You need to get out of the education discussion...you're clueless!!!
Besty,you discust me!! Right now there are good teachers out there who can't even get work,and you speak of squabbles? Kids need good teachers and updated materials to learn and decent buildings to learn in!!But you and Trump cut millions from education!!
How do you expect teachers to teach these kids without the proper tools to do so?  If you are that concerned about the kids, break out that checkbook.
these actions are the only way their needs don't get swept under the rug !!  a gop ploy to passify you, change the subject !
Kids are suffering when teachers worry about providing food for their families   Kids are suffering when teachers have to work two or three jobs to make ends meet.
Kids should not suffer from having you as Secretary of Education. Please resign.
That’s it, blame the teachers. Typical response from irresponsible administrators.
Sqabbles? The air must be mighty thin up where you live because you can’t possibly be that dumb and tone deaf.  STFU stupid princess.
Betsy you are right. The teachers are blaming you. Apparently you need to tell them there are federally funded  block grants to each state. Each state gives to each county and each county gives to each city and each city gives to each school. This started during Clinton or Bush
A teacher needs a livable wage and a fully funded job before they can prioritise another person
I am sorry you are such an idiot. Pay attention.  The walkout is about investing in the schools.  The teachers were getting small raises but they want investment in the schools
OMG! Please RESIGN, your not qualified?? Find a hobby or something. Find some senior clubs to join that don’t require much brain activity!! Feed the homeless, something besides thinking your in any way shape or form qualified to deal with education in the US!
Teacher working conditions are student learning conditions. It’s not a “squabble.” You are dangerously out of touch.
Wages aren’t squabbles, billionairess.
How disgusting and dismissive can you be? Maybe if someone listened when they asked if the first place it wouldn't have come to this, but without backing of the gov we all need to take matters into our own hands to stand up for ourselves and what we need, including us students!
ADULT SQUABBLES? That may have been the most condescending thing I’ve heard. Until you e had to live on their teacher salary, you have no right to talk down to them. They’ve been working for those kids with NO raise for years. When would be a good time in your eyes?
The gall that you who have never had to worry about putting food on the table should call this a squabble. #SolidarityForever
So what do you propose the teachers do? Apparently asking nicely didn't work.
"Squabble?!?!!!" A disgusting dismissal of dedicated professionals who have an eye for the long term health of the state, as well as urgent needs for survival. All things DeVos knows nothing about.
You're so on point.
Squabble? How does worrying about how you're going to keep a roof over your family's head and food on their table amount to a "squabble." Have you ever had to choose between seeking healthcare and providing for your family? Because teachers do. Living wages are not squabbles.
How dare you.
Don't belittle the hardworking and dedicated teachers of WV by referring to their fight for what is fair as a SQUABBBLE.
You are one of the kids, right?
Blackwater Betsy: Stand down. You've got nothing.
It is not squabbles. It is a struggle for teachers something you wouldn't know about. You let dpwn all the kids under you in the charter schools in Michigan . They are are in the lowest in our state.
Pay teachers a liveable wage. Most qualify for state assistance because the top heavy admin is overpaid.
If those in leadership really cared about ALL students, there would not have been a strike.
are you calling their demands & the strike a squabble?  Teachers are not martyrs. They do not deserve low wages, I’ll treatment & disrespect, because...students.
So, the adults should pay teachers appropriately and pay the taxes necessary to do that!
"SQUABBLES??" You are so out of touch it's sickening.
These teachers have kids who are being harmed by being paid so little and horrible insurance
A squabble?  An appropriate salary for work done is not a Squabble.  Let's be real - the kids are not harmed.
Maybe you should put your billions where your mouth is, instead of buying a cabinet seat you're wildly unqualified for. We feel so bad for your kids having to grow up with you.
Then do something about it-pay them!
How can the U.S. Secretary of EDUCATION not know how to write a coherent tweet? What kind of grammar is this? How did you slip through the cracks?
Do your job.
Honestly every time you speak it makes me want to throw up.
Said the out of touch billionaire.
how much did you donate to feed the children you are so worried about in the last 2 weeks?
If that were the case, we wouldn't have an uneducated, inexperienced person running the us dept of ed. That right there is the epitome of children paying for adult squabbles.
Just terrible the way they squabble over salary and health insurance, is that what you're saying?  You've never had to worry about paying bills or affording healthcare, so you simply belittle the plight of others.
#DeVoidofHumanity
#WVTeachersStrike
Then tell your “people” to stop using their egos to change the rules to get their way!
You are a billionaire heiress. The hell do you know about the teachers struggles with little pay and massive workload, debt, and lack of respect!?

WV told teachers they had to use a fitness tracking app or they would be fined $500 at the end of the year. This was after WV told them they’d have to pay $300 more per month for healthcare.

You’d strike, too. #Solidarity
No she wouldn't.
She'd call daddy for another billion.
Course, she'd never be in such a job to begin with.
Jobs are for the little people.
You are horrible! The children of WV are suffering because not enough is invested in their schools and teachers. $$ is taken out of public schools for highly unaccountable charters run by know-nothing charlatans. You've no right to talk about the kids.
So quit taking money AWAY from public education to advance your own special interests, Me. DeVos
So then fix it
Public teachers must be applauded, appreciated, and rewarded!  They are our nation’s greatest asset to our children and future generations.
I really do not care about what you have to say.  You're not even qualified to be in the position you're in. You bought your way into our government.
We should all agree kids should not suffer.  Teachers will go back to work soon.  So YOU should do something about gun control and quit squabbling Betsy.
Take better care of the educators.  THEN the educators will take care of the students.  WV students see how their teachers are being manipulated and misused.
Donate your pay to the #wvteachers #WVTeacherStrike  and throw in a bonus from your family fortune
You are not qualified to have an opinion on this or to hold the office you bought with campaign cash.
retire
Adult squabble. SMH #outoftouch
And our senate just completely let the state down
Your teachers must have sucked. Your grammar is atrocious.
No one cares about your opinion about things that affect our children and teachers in West Virginia.  #55United #DeVowOnlyWantsToMakeMoney
Typical of someone who doesn't understand public schools, the working class, or education in general. FYI, students & their parents SUPPORT the teachers and what they're doing. #55strong #WVTeacherStrike
When teachers are overworked and underpaid and schools are overcrowded and understaffed that's when students suffer. As someone who had to struggle through overcrowded schools I remember this vividly. But you literally wouldn't know shit about that.
Good teachers deserve good pay but, West Virginia teacher should get a raise anyway. 

(That means they are not good teachers but should have a little raise!)
Fuck off
No one asked you Betty.

Squabbles? What the heck? Are you so out of touch? Shame on you.
You're a terrible person.
That’s a cop out BetsyDeVosED. #WVTeachers deserve more pay. Period.
She is basically uneducated and useless as an education leader unless it comes to screwing people with predatory loans over.

West Virginia teachers paying out of pocket to ensure low income students don't go hungry during the strike. https://www.today.com/parents/striking-teachers-west-virginia-make-sure-kids-still-eat-t124112 …
Ma'am with all respect to your office. We here in Wv that support our teacher's do not see adult squabble its about having the best teachers for our students across the great State of Wv .Your office should be In support of every Child having the best in teacher's
It’s pretty clear that tax cuts imposed  in 2006 that promised higher revenue did not result in higher revenue for WV. The loss of these funds meant destabilizing the state insurance program and failing to give teachers raises. Don’t blame our teachers; blame our legislature.
Uh, the voters had something to do with it, too.
Maybe they'll learn now (but I doubt it).
You might try a blue state rather than fight fools?
eat shit, Bets.
Yes. Please do.
Why don't you actually spend time in a PUBLIC school with real teachers and real students? You might actually learn about how the other half gets an education with not enough funds, programs or salaries.
I know where you stand on public education... you’re way over your head and please keep your remarks to yourself... squabble?
Adult squabble? Seriously? The students are learning a valuable life lesson from their teachers. Fight for what is right! #55Strong
How about those teachers’ kids? As in, their own flesh and blood children that they CAN’T AFFORD to feed, clothe, or otherwise take care of in a monetarily appropriate manner ? Don’t those teachers have a right to take a stand for their own children? This Okla. educator says yes.
I agree ...... para professionals should get a raise too....
Many of these teachers have kids of their own, whom they struggle to support on their disgracefully low salaries. We should all agree that kids should not suffer because Oligarchs - such as yourself - don't think teachers deserve to be paid fairly for the essential work they do.
Hey #TBATS let’s see what y’all have to say about this rich, disconnected, never attended a public school ed secretary who thinks #WVTeacherStrike is just an “adult squabble”. @BadassTeachersA @LdsHopson @Larry_Proffitt @lisaredddd @NVBats @CaliBats
#Unfit
This rhetoric is why people are able to walk all over teachers. EVERYTHING we do is for the kids. Teachers have to be able to take care of their families too #istandwithWVteachers
Maybe you missed the fact that those underpaid teachers packed lunches for the kids for all those days they’ll be gone?
Squabbles? You can’t be serious??!!
Please raise your hand and remain quiet until called upon.
No, you don't.
Squabbles? That's the Trump Administration's area of expertise.
“Adult squabbles”? Is that honestly what you are calling this. How would you feel if you were being repeatedly disrespected and undervalued by your state’s leaders? Did you also know that we have made sure that our students have been fed during this entire strike?
Hey Betsy our Kids are Fine. They are learning civics 101 and it is the GOP holding the vote up.  So stay in Washington and shut up
Shut up, Betsy.
You're really dumb AF, aren't you?
Teachers taking their time without pay to provide meals is obviously what you meant by kids suffering from "adult squabbles." I mean...If only our educators would put kids first. #55united #55strong #honoredtobeateacher
Then our Senators in WV SHOULD MOVE FORWARD AND ADOPT GOVERNOR JUSTICE’S PAY AND PEIA PROPOSALS.
It’s a shame that someone in your position has this attitude. Educate yourself, PLEASE, on the issues we are fighting for. Until you have done that, please don’t tweet to the world that we are in a “squabble.”  A $6-7,000 pay cut on a teacher’s $35,000 salary is worth a fight.
Public education needs to be the priority to federal and state government.  It saddens me that you care so little for public education employees.  This shows how much you must care for the children I teach and love.
Easy for a billionaire to say. If you and your ilk supported public schools properly, the kids wouldn't be in the middle.
AZ needs you. @dougducey  took us down to 50th. All gifted and talented stripped, special needs, music stripped. We are fighting back, we will not reelect Ducey 2018 Gov. #teachersuniteacrossusa
The very last thing Arizona needs is another deluded, greedy Thuglican.
They're what got AZ-- and every other red state -- into that mess.
Btw it's now day seven and since senate Republicans again are refusing to take up the bill it looks like it's going to be day eight on Monday
Squabble? Really? You think the fight for insurance and wages is a "squabble"? WV is 48th in pay. Haven't had a substantial raise in decades. Make over 10,000 less than surrounding states. We have over 700 vacancies that can't be filled with certified teachers. Squabble!!??!!
Adult squabbles? I have a M.Ed. +66hrs, 9 years experience, and if things aren’t changed, I’ll be bringing home $14,400/year. Great teachers are leaving! Not enough teachers to fill positions currently. This is an investment in education. I am so ashamed you’re our “leader.”
@Ojeda4congress @NBCNightlyNews @HoppyKercheval @AFTWV #55strong #55ignited #55united
#55United
WV Senate has all power to end this but they refuse to address the bill the governor put forth.
I hate that woman she’s so dumb.
Most people don't have a clue what's going on. Drives me crazy!
Right, people should research a bit before spouting off.... but especially her. She’s an idiot about everything education idk how she’s in charge. Geesh.
