Great meeting with @BetsyDeVosEd today. We are laser-focused on equipping America’s students with the skills they need to succeed. 
Top 10 Reasons School Choice Is No Choice | In reality, it’s just a scam to make private schools cheaper for rich people, further erode the public school system and allow for-profit corps to gobble up education dollars meant to help children succeed.
Yes, the Republican tax bill would help rich parents send their kids to private school - The Washington Post
Michigan Gambled on Charter Schools. Its Children Lost. - The New York Times
Vouchers do not improve student achievement, Stanford researcher finds | Stanford News
And just so no one forgets how bad you really are DeVos:

Schools began ignoring rape reports after DeVos' campus sexual assault policy changes, lawsuit says https://www.dailykos.com/story/2018/1/29/1736910/-Schools-began-ignoring-rape-reports-after-DeVos-campus-sexual-assault-policy-changes-lawsuit-says … …
DeVos rescinds 72 guidance documents outlining rights for disabled students - The Washington Post
Our Educational system has many problems including not paying our teachers a living wage.DeVos made a bad situation worse having No experience & No understanding of the public school system. This is what you get when some one BUYS their position via large political contributions.
How can people with no skills teach children skills?
Paul Ryan fires a chaplain But he has nothing but praise for the most poorly unfit unworthy person for  a job besides her boss
The teachers already know what it takes. Don’t need you, but thanks! Use someone else to climb up
*coughbullshitcough*
Don't you two have chaplains to fire or discrimination laws to overturn?
This screams failure. Schools need funding to hire more teachers and school counselors. How do you expect students to get the attention they need in classrooms with 30+ kids or being 1 of 400 students on a counselors case load? Kids are being left behind.
AKA, your check is in the mail, Paul.
The guy just fired a chaplain who spoke out about the need to care for the poor. Do they teach that at @CalvinCollege?
You are an unqualified hack who is out of touch with the educational needs of children. Your money bought your job and you are the swamp that should be drained. Go visit struggling schools.
Continued work?? What work have you done?
How does it feel to be remembered as the least qualified Education Secretary in modern history who only got their position through bribes? History will not speak kindly of you.
can think of nothing worse then the two of you teaming up!
ALL students?  That's laughable. Dyslexic kids are denied FAPE in every state in the USA.  Don't believe me? Ask me and any parent of a dyslexic kid about their opportunities for advancement.  #SoAllCanRead #Education #edchat #FAPEdenied #CivilRights
The heartless and misinformed leading the heartless and misinformed.
Confederacy of Dunces.
Resign
The only person more awful than you (and the dolt who appointed you) might be Paul Ryan, so this doesn’t exactly inspire confidence.
This is the first time I can remember you ever voicing any concern about students.

Also, you're not going to help them by pairing with the most unqualified Sec of Ed to ever hold the position.
You’re LAZY Betsy. When are you going to actually DO something for our students?!?  They are FAILING!!  Put something in place!!  Add EXPERTS!  You have NO CLUE!  You need to be replaced!  @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @IvankaTrump
Unless they are poor or have learning challenges. Those kids get their own school & ride the short bus or no bus at all. This is your way push people down so it’s super hard to achieve anything. And you 2 believe these kids should suffer so they learn lessons. #AynRand
You are both just shameful!
You don't know what you're doing, what you're supposed to be doing, or how to do anything useful for American education. Period.

Resign and leave in your richly deserved shame.
Don't you lefties mean "thanks speaker Ryan for firing the Chaplin, because God should not be represented anywhere" oh, that's right, this is only the case if a hard core leftist does the firing.
I think it’s called separation of church and state, so no, he should not be replaced.
Neither one of you are focused on anything but making money at the expense of students and teachers. I think you have done enough damage. At least Ryan is smart enough to throw in the towel!
You should be laser focused on school safety
DO need- books & a safe space.

DON'T need: Religious dogma.
Oh really.  Neither of you have a clue.
You are the worst person for this job you don’t give a crap about schools
BULLSHIT! Your laser focused on oppressing #College students & increasing the economic divide between classes of people so your corporate donors continue to line your pockets and hire you when you're done destroying the great middle class.  #Education #Midterms2018 #Neveragain
Too bad neither of you dummies has any idea how to do any of those things.
Didn’t he quit?
Best thing about this reply is that it is accurate whether directed at DeVos OR Ryan.
Ha! True !
I think the laser got a bit off track and blasted the funding needed to do this. You need to put your money where your mouth is and stop this nonsense and obvious #propaganda.
Do everyone a favor and ALWAYS wear pants
Days are numbered... Devosless!
Say NO to #CommonCore
Kindly support public education and not the lobbyists for whom you seem so cozy. The values you both exude are abhorrent at best.
I’m sorry but did you say ALL students? Because both your and Ryans track record shows the opposite in ALL student support.#truth
Two shitheel, noxious beings who shouldn’t be anywhere NEAR education, government or public welfare issues
Wow!  Look at this pair!  One with no backbone and one with no brains except for photo ops and tea parties .
So that means you are going to fund public education!!  Fantastic!!  Listen everyone-public Education is finally going to be treated appropriately and with respect!!
The bllshit is strong with this one. Hey, you know how he’s ending his career? Do the same! #resignationaccepted

love you both.
Keep up toe Good Work.
Balance US Budget we must "Safety Video" & Kiosk+@FedExOffice More Spaces. @LibnOfCongress @museums+@paperwork requests.

@GOPChairwoman our salvation:
@RealIDINC @FTA_DOT
Race=MitoChandria+Haploid @NSF_BIO
ID: J1C2+M253 39yrs 175Lbs
@FLOTUS

Want to advance opportunities for students? Get the eff out of here and quit.

Need more Stem programs, my daughter is a Stem teacher and she works with the Rutgers University, Jr. High school. To interact her students with the College , it’s an awesome set up for  the kids.
All he ever talked about was the national debt. Thanks @SpeakerRyan for the tax cuts to raise the debt. You've accomplished more as speaker than @BetsyDeVosED  in life.
Neither of you are good for children.
You both do...
Drop common core
Noticed that emphasis is on SKILLS. Not KNOWLEDGE. B/c #KnowledgeIsPower and that would be a threat to #WhitePrivilege & corporations that depend on underpaid skilled workers to line their greedy pockets.
HA! GOP benefits most from policies that promote ignorance and educational disparities.
Quit using a photo op to try to convince people that you actually care about the American education system because you don’t!!!!!!!!
how about equipping the teachers with what they need
Resign BD, you are unqualified. Money bought you your position. We will resist you until you are gone.
Betsy DeVos was asked by a Michigan reporter if she planned to visit struggling schools in the area last week.

Despite schools being nearby, she said she wouldn’t.…
Both of you should know, come midterms you just might be leaving with don Corleone trump after his resignation.
Gross. Both of you are philistines.
You aren't even visiting schools that are struggling? You are the Secretary of Education! Do your damn job!
FACT: @BetsyDeVosED is terrified SHITLESS of human beings experiencing poverty and those with the greatest adversity and challenges forced upon them by Amerikkka. #mondaymotivation 
Your incompetence is stunning . you would best serve the country by getting out of public life.
I hope you're also going to talk to teachers.
Except trans students, because you're refusing to hear their cases.
what about the teachers all on strike? they have terrible salaries, poor equipment and supplies to teach with unless they spend their own money, look beyond the private schools and charter schools and back the public schools they badly need it
You have NO IDEA about educational needs of our children.  My cousin does A LOT OF FUNDRAISING for her classes every year. She uses HER salary to pay for necessities.  Sit in her classroom.
Go back to Grand Rapids and shut up!
If the government didn’t protect the bankers then the bankers wouldn’t give out these incredibly risky loans- then the children wouldn’t have the money for these incredibly inflated school prices and the schools would price their tuition to a level that the market could afford.


Congressman Jim Jordan to Neil: Obviously there are big problems at the top level of the FBI #Cavuto @Jim_Jordan 

Look two of the biggest a$$holes we have in administration in the same room.....what are the chances...

$84 million. 

     EIGHTY FOUR MILLION.…
Make sure you read this so you know what to fix.
Hey @BetsyDeVosED @SpeakerRyan how about more textbooks, higher teacher pay, fewer students per class, and real GUN CONTROL at the federal level. That’s a great way to support student learning.
Would that be the opportunity to be fleeced for thousands of dollars for a useless degree from fly-by-night "colleges" or tax payers on the hook for charter school grants that go to schools that never open, like in Michigan?
The woman who wants the 10 commandments in every classroom. The man who canned a Priest who prayed for the poor and invited a Muslim to offer a prayer. OMFG!
I was educated in Michigan from K thru PhD. You did nothing to make education better in that state.
What exactly have you done to advance opportunities for ALL students?  I must have missed it.

How about fixing the horrible #CommonCore. You have had a year to do something about it @realDonaldTrump
#Resign
You and Ry. Two losers proving daily that the Peter Principle is alive and well in politics. Look it up Betty and Ry - if you don’t know what it is.
Lol !!! yeah right I bet it was riveting!
You two are pathetic one down one more to go, that would be you Bets!
I’m sorry, how is underfunding public schools in favor of a private education “advanc[ing] opportunities for all students!”??
Let’s figure out how to make school meals part of the school day. Cut regulations and unfair practices toward hard working Americans. School lunch;  it’s a small thing, but it’s something.
You are a joke, you bought this job from Trump so cronyism and hypocrisy at its core - at least another unqualified person, Ronny Jackson got smoked out and no longer candidate to run VA
Public schools are ignoring parents rights.
Quitter and incompetent, together against real public education. Just more plundering for-profit sham schools and loan scams.
Are you considering school choice for all students with vouchers to follow student. Stop putting more money into failing public schools. Kids are losing, system not acceptable.
“and I saw a bear THIS tall...”
If only both people in that picture would quit like the losers they are.
Paul, you’re faking as if you care is pathetic and you know don’t care about students and their education. Furthermore, the massive cuts Betsy wanted proves she doesn’t care either.

As a teacher of 18 years in a public school, I find your very presence revolting. Thanks for nothing and I'll be delighted when you're replaced with competence.
He fired a chaplain yesterday for no reason.  How do you feel about that? Oh wait, you have NO feelings.
DeVos wants to destroy public education in America. She also funds the politicians who protect the NRA and enable school shootings to continue. Think about it. Sounds pretty diabolical to me. Every murdered student brings Betsy a little bit closer to her goal.
https://youtu.be/K8XHIZKyVJo  • pay teachers & #RT this since there’s always two types of #people in the world • effective & ineffective & every BAD teacher HURTS the good ones, just like any “care” professional • higher #standard for leaders who have no consequence for decisions
#Respect #PublicSchools
YOU SHOULD BE SOMEONE'S PET !

You don't expand opportunities for students!  You are working on opportunities for rich people to take tax payer money in their for profit "schools"  that "educate" children.  You & the rest of the Trump administration are invested in keeping the electorate ignorant!
More trade classes needed not all students are met for college. We’re gonna need more blue collar workers megaley soon
Paul R. probably had no idea of what she spoke..just wanting to be away from her
This sounds like such bland doggerel and double speak. Gross— you two are really sick and have no clue what opportunities for students are
Should start by focusing on school funding and better pay for teachers and support staff. Teachers, with their significant education required for them to be teachers, should not qualify for food stamps and Medicare.
Just don’t invite any priests to give input.
What students need to survive is evident; both Betsy and Paul need to RESIGN. And flak jackets, most regrettably.
So 2  two brown- nosers know what is good for students?
Riiigggghhhhtt....

Oh look another dumb photo op.  This one with the king of evil.  

Do you EVER WORK?? Oh yeah, that’s right, YOU don’t have a clue what your doing. 

The skills they need are all found in PUBLIC EDUCATION!!!
Resign
No, you’re not. You two our laser-focused on screwing the lower and middle-class and pandering to special interests. It is despicale since you serve the people. Focus on funding public schools and making college-education free!
The blind leading the blind. I would hate to see what you two came up with, since one of you doesn't even know the first thing about education and the other one doesn't believe in spending money on poor people (children).
Cute, two losers having tea !!!

Resign. Both of you.
I would love to see these opportunities for all students as well, especially our public school students.
honey how about giving public school teachers a raise
How can the unskilled focus on the skills needed in education?  Neither of you are capable of guidance.
The quality of your comments is not a reflection from your constituents but your nay sayers. You can’t turn to the yes men for praise
Bullshitters meeting
I have no expectations where these to are concerned.
Let us not forget any longer the importance of Training in Character, Respect, Love for one another, know right from wrong, Love for Country, GOD and rule of law & consequences for wrong choices. The Heart, the spirit of man must be feed sound teaching for fullest potential!
There is not enough discipline in our schools that's why we have such low scores. Parents are not doing their part either. They expect all learning skills to come from schools and it does not. Study has to be done in and out of school.
More like laser focused to SCREW Them over so big banks and churches can profit off the students dreams. #DumpDeVos #BuhByeBitchBetsyDeVos
Priorities: #FundsToEducateNeeded #ArmWithPencilsBooks, #NeedFurniture to sit and work on, #TeachersNeedMorePay #SchoolsNeedToBeSafe! Education happens when you have tools and space to use them!  It's not a difficult decision people! @realDonaldTrump @VP @SpeakerRyan .. @cnn
WTF does advance opportunities for students mean? Do you ever have any coherent policy ideas or do you purely speak in vague bullshit?
America hates you. Ryan fired a priest for reminding him to care about poor people. You are both despicable.
Ryan quit after passing the biggest tax sham in history, giving billionaires like u massive tax cuts. U will be fired on January 20, 2021.
Why don't you come visit your guard. #Coward
You're a class act, and a lady! You are dealing with some venomous ppl against you. 
You hold yourself together with a laser focus despite the mean spirited attacks from mostly ppl who refer to themselves as educators! 
Heaven help our children!
Thank you so much!

