And...
How are YOU going to change that?
Got a plan?
An idea?

(Had you ever set foot in ANY public school BEFORE you became SecEd?)
You'll just make this worse...you know that, right? #idiot
Yes, but we lead the world in number of times our president has banged a porn star.
The PISA is not an accurate determiner of national performance - it is administered to only a sampling of schools in only 5 states. Massachusetts' scores alone rank among the top 10 countries in the world. Also, other nations do not consider ALL students of all abilities.
It’s OK to be a capitalist AND fund important programs like... school.  In fact, we see even more green than you.  Imagine?
Your friendly publically educated neighbour :)
I’m sure that cutting budgets, loading administrations with businessmen and sucking money away from public schools into private pockets most accurately speaks to this. Oh, and let’s not forget your “cracker-jack” Leadership. No seriously, I’m sure you purchased your position.
Betsy. The view of the USA from over here is all pretty average. You & your pathetic president are laughing stock
The most recent google search shows that you've been Secretary of Education for a year now and all you've done is shame teachers.
Also: median, mean, and trend are not the same thing.
Betsy, you know what is worse than international test scores? US ranks #1 among advanced nations in child poverty. Half the kids in US public schools are eligible for free-reduced price lunch because of poverty. Poverty is root cause of low scores. Did you know this?
Of course not, because she has never actually taught anything or seen what poverty looks like....or tried to teach a disadvantaged or hungry child.
Model all schools after Massachusetts - only Singapore has higher scores. If one state can do it, others can follow.
After all your "advocacy" where does Michigan fall within those rankings?
I’m going to need you to do a little research before you post stupid stuff! I figured after your disgraceful performance at your confirmation hearing, you would be hitting the books every night.... You can not compare the US to other countries! We  teach and test ALL kids!
I’m an educator so forgive my syntax when I say fuck you. You should know better. Understand the data.
We have been pretty much flat-lined since we started measuring ability in 1973/74. The sad reality is others have passed us up and we can do better!
Proud of this mediocrity?  DO something.  You will take us in the wrong direction with your current approach.
Seems doubtful you understand any statistics you post, judging from your use of "average" and "flat line" here. Not surprising for someone whose idea of education reform is school vouchers for parochial schools
Okay, so let's put less money toward our over funded military and a worthless wall and put it toward improving our public schools.
...that's not at all where you're going with this, is it?
Betsy, if only you really knew what’s happening with students!  They are hungry, need clothes, need a place to live, (and California is expensive!), and have a parent in jail, yet you expect us to miraculously get test scores up?!  Give us the tools and resources we need!
Partially because we educate ALL students. My students with significant disabilities might ‘drag’ the average score down, but in countries with higher scores they wouldn’t be allowed to go to school. These worldwide rankings aren’t showing the whole picture (as usual).
US protects and educates ALL students regardless of disability.     Test scores tell only a short story for these students. #IDEA
Do you ever read responses to your tweets? There are actual teachers here, teaching YOU! Listen/Read up!
I doubt any of them read responses!  If they did they’d stop tweeting!  
please confront the ludicrous growing belief of a flat earth. As SofEd it's your responsibility to confront lies in education.
Fund education and pay teachers their worth! You can't pour from an empty cup and that's exactly what we're asking teachers to do! I implore you to walk in a teacher's shoes @BetsyDeVosED. My classroom is open!
We can read, what our you doing about this? Resign!
You are clueless!
Look at the first ten countries and see how many languages they learn in Elementary, then look what we do in USA...I will give you a few minutes to make the connection.
Read the research on tbe PISA test. It is deeply flawed.
At least the US is number 1 in gun ownership and gun related homicides!
states that drag our national scores down are mostly located across the fly over bible belt. there is a clear and indisputable correlation between most religious and least educated.
"middle of the pack"? when compared with whom? shithole countries? in 21st century civilization, that is atrocious for a "great" country. and right where "dumb them down" christians like you want it. stupid means controllable.
Yup, you are doing a fine j0b
thanks to federal national standards and decades of education reforms - Dumbing Down America
This is because your department is so focused on testing and turning our students into numbers that they can’t LEARN properly
I do believe that there are 195 countries within the world. Ranking 23/195 means the United States is within the top ten percent in the world for Reading and Science and within the top 25 percent in Mathematics. Neither of which are in the middle of the pack.
I would like to think that someone, in the level of Secretary would have a little more analytical skills than is shown in this post. Take two steps back, and think before you post.
Then find education and quit denying science
Perhaps more investment in Education from the government?  So the teachers don't have to pay for paper?
I suggest you do some research on poverty levels in the U.S. What percentage of low performers live in poverty and lack basic resources? Ever heard of “Maslow’s Hierarchy of Needs?” If basic needs aren’t met, how are kids to thrive?
How about pouring more resources into poverty sticken areas and support our kids who need it most
Maybe you should be looking at what the top performing countries are doing, obviously something better than America.
Instead of avoiding a bunch of high schoolers like a coward, why don't you do something that will actually improve their lives?
What about the fact that in the US we educate EVERYONE?
Cool cool. So what does the research say are the key factors that impact these outcomes?
Funny how our international rankings began to plummet around the time NCLB made its way into U.S. education. Not to mention the plethora of social issues that affect our students each and every day. Comparing us to many other nations is comparing  to .
Betsy, if we lost people like you in the country our rank would get significantly better
So your plan is to cut funding to public institutions & redirect tax payer dollars to private schools in wealthy areas under the guise of "school choice" and expand failing for profit charter schools? We'll be at the bottom in no time!
And the schools you ruined in Michigan are far lower. You’re the kiss of death.
Would be great if someone in a position of power and influence could do something about that ... Maybe you can go die in a fire and improve our educational system in doing so.
You are a waste of space.
Who will you listen to for advice on this issue... teachers or politicians? Ask the politicians and you'll continue with these results.
#TestyBetsy
As a kindergarten teacher, my advice to you would be to spend some time in the schools and pay attention to the bottom 25% of our students. We need more resources to meet the needs of all of our students. My kindergarteners today are your test takers of tomorrow.
Remember, when you correct for poverty and full population participation the US schools lead the world. You are correcting for all factors, right? Because that’s just good research practice. I’m sure you know that.
That's easy, look what we have leading us.  Talk about dumbing down of America.
You're not helping @BetsyDeVosED
Make up your mind. Innovate? Or test?
What constructive ideas have you actually put forth?
If you had ever been an actual teacher in a public school in the US Betsy, you would know about the impact of poverty on student performance. Look it up. And stop blaming teachers for things out of our control. Fund us too.
Perhaps if an uneducated moron such as yourself wasn't put in charge of our education system it could improve. #Resign #YouSuck
Math?? @BetsyDeVos at ur confirmation herring u couldnt do the math. U know the math it take for u to realize how much money u & ur family would gain off the back of an entire generation! I’m ashamed to call u human with the lack of concern for others & urself interest propaganda
Results are not driven by funding.
When you include the effect of poverty, the US ranks near top of world. Examples: Carnoy, M & Rothstein, R. 2013 What Do International Tests Really Show Us about U.S. Student Performance.Economic Policy Institute. Payne, K. & Biddle, B.1999 Educ, Res. 28(6):4-13;
I love you @skrashen   You are right. Keep fighting the good fight.
Because you people are more concerned with "god in school" than innovation and learning...
Education cuts coupled with non- educators making decisions for educators is the reason for the decline. Move out of the way devos, give teachers what they need and let them teach!!!
And where do we rank in education funding, teacher pay, science curriculum? Do any of those other countries advocate for religious instruction in public schools? Do they hire unqualified billionaires to lead their education systems?
Many countries have divided "secondary" schools and only test the above average.

And what have you done to fix it?? NOOOOOOOOOOTHING!!!! Because you know NOTHING!!!!!!!!!!!! Just like your boss!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Maybe you should resign. Actually, not maybe. Just resign.
sad
You are pure evil, no question.
You’re garbage and I hope to the lord above that you resign as soon as fucking possible.
We need more funding!
After 20 years of Jebucation. Time for educators to take the wheel.
So the best thing we can do is to introduce competition to this one sided system.  Let parents choose the best schools and let those that are not the best close.  That's how free market works.  Focus should be on kids, not teachers and staff.
Betsy, as you have learned anything you do to help our kids will be challenged by the political left, which includes most of the teachers in our public education system.  They don't appreciate anything and look at where we rank,  Bet the per capita cost is right at the top.
Like u a flat line!!! LEAVE!!!!!!!! #devosMustGo   A monkey would be more usefull! 
The numbers look quite. different when controlled for poverty.
They also do not struggle with the poverty, lack of student housing stability, and other factors that go along with Title I schools. Why don’t you actually try to engage with children in public schools instead of making appearances for a photo op then criticizing public schools.
Way to spin the statistics to fit your agenda of ripping apart public schools and only giving 1/4 of the story. Not every nation tests every student, most countries that test higher than the USofA do not include students with disabilities (like we do) in their test results, 1of2
Maybe because we admire reality TV show stars instead of physicists, computer scientists, engineers, biologists.
Hey Betsy, you know what helps learning improve? Students and teachers not having to worry where their next meal is coming from.
And what are you going to do about it that benefits our children, NOT YOUR POCKETS!
Where do religious schools fall in that assessment?  The poserful prosper when the masses are kept uneducated and believing in the myth!  Please resign now for the good of the kids!
It’s POVERTY, which is even a dirty word in my district despite all of the EVIDENCE to the contrary!
You know we test almost 100% of our population while other schools do not, right?  Of course our rankings are skewed.  We teachers do the best we can to ALL students.  We just can't do it without support.
I don't expect under your tutelage that will improve. #BetsyDeVoidofAllUsefulPurpose
And this matters because.... #education
Did you know that there is NO one test given in every country, so this ranking is entirely bogus? Did you also know that in many countries, only some of the kids move up past the lower grades? So, even if we are ranked 25th, it is in comparison to countries that ed'te only a few.
And....?
And the plan is.... what? Also: hey our kids did pretty well on PISA collaborative testing. What does that tell us about potential strategies for teaching?
So?
What’s the solution, Betsy?
Got one?
‘Cause teachers do.  You need to get the hell out of the way and let them implement it.
Better yet, just go home.  Help Eric pack for prison.
Instead of focusing on a symptom (like it's a revelation)- Fund addressing the needs of the MASSIVE population living in poverty- #1 in the world!. (Pro Tip: Letting charters leach off of community schools only compounds the issue) Staffed that Ed Department yet???
What do you expect when an incompetent fool like you is running the show? You don't even understand basic statistics.
Have you checked the poverty stats in public schools, Ms DeVos?  Or are you too busy undermining public school funding to your private ed agenda????
Refusal to teach real science, and white-washing history aren't helping one little bit
Well this would explain how trump got in and how you are where you are.
Come to Massachusetts. We lead the way with public education.
I think I speak for literally every person when I say that I wish you would flatline.
Yes. I hope this cow has buyers remorse.
You rank 12th in the list of Secretaries of Education. And there have only been 11!
I see you’re skilled at complaining just like your boss @realDonaldTrump.
So are what are your suggestions for improvement beside vouchers and charter schools?
Get educated on the topic. Those numbers are based on 3300-5k students, heavily weighted in poverty. Not representative of US schools. Stop the spin.
Boy that #CommonCore that you have all protected so nicely really is paying off.  Must be all that "rigor" and "critical thinking." 
Redefine the special education, please. Teachers are Sending in the programs the kids that doesn’t belong there and that lovers their desire to do more. They use the SE so they can pull $ from the system, but they don’t give all the services.
Curious to know where in the list of priorities education ranks in the other countries.  Wondering if the higher countries have a "do more with less" attitude and a blatant lack of respect for teachers like the US has.
Looking for some leadership, inspiration, guidance from you.  If you want schools to be a business, this would maybe be a sign for new leadership?  But maybe people aren't pieces of data.
Disaggregate the data.  How do well funded suburban schools match up on PISA?
Ugh isn't it your job to figure out a way to DO SOMETHING instead of just yell at us through tweets???? Did you get coached by @TomiLahren on how to not make a point but just yell at a screen?
Only until Math, Reading and Science is prioritized and simply taught without all the fluff of the latest trend, we will always be flatlined.
Betsy, stop pretending like you’re operating a  functional govt. The shit has hit the fan, and you’re utterly covered in it. 
Your entire administration is constructed of:
Megalomaniacs (Trump, Bannon, Scaramucci)
Corporate Cronies (Mnuchin, Cohn, Tillerson, Price, Pruitt, & You)

I think you have no idea what you are doing, but I'll give you the benefit of the doubt. What actual plans do you have to support public schools? Not defunding,not more tests,not privatized schools, not rhetoric. An actual plan, I'll wait for a response, but won't hold my breath.
The response is, this didn’t happen overnight. Our education system has been tumbling for a long long time.
Exactly! So what's the plan?
The plan is there is no easy fix. The status quo was not working.
Where do we stand adjusted for poverty?  Typically pretty high.
The destruction that private charters and the republicans have caused, is the equivalent of hitting a TV screen with a hammer and then disparaging about how the TV doesn't work.
That's what happens when you get republicans slashing all funding for education and giving it to the private pockets of charter schools and their conniving ilk.
It's the poverty, stupid!
Vouchers do not improve student achievement, Stanford researcher finds | Stanford News
DeVos champions online charter schools, but the results are poor
For rural America, school choice could spell doom
DeVos voucher plan would exacerbate educational inequality | TheHill
Trump's Education Budget Would Hurt the Working Class - The Atlantic
Michigan Gambled on Charter Schools. Its Children Lost. - The New York Times
Trump’s Education Budget Feeds School Privatization At The Expense of Students http://bit.ly/2uWE0gH  via @BillMoyers
They don’t have a two educational system, fully fund public schools!! #education #Publicschoolproud
We also educate all students, where many countries track their children to high education or to the force work at young ages. Also the countries at the top of pack, have huge issues with suicide and mental health from pressure.

The GOP, Trump, and DeVos don't believe in #science and are undermining the study of math and science.
Science isn’t a religion.

That’s a lot of math for you.
FULLY FUND PUBLIC SCHOOLS. No other country “ahead” of us experiences the level of inequality in funding we do. In my state, it’s by property taxes. You are making it worse & cutting crucial federal programs.
Nah, I don’t feel like it
Still no Solutions coming from you.
Yes thanks to common core.
But we are first in Pendejos in govt.
Beyond rhetoric ("rethink school"), do you have a plan for making meaningful investments in education? Are you willing to pay teachers more? Invest in STEAM curricula? Fund innovative models? Rigorously evaluate those models? Invest in special education teacher preparedness?
How does this compare in years past? Are there other countries that are moving forward, as they have improved their current programs?
Where did your failed Michigan charter school “line” up?
The scores are real. The question is who cares? Bad at test and top at published patents. #SXSWEdu
Get the social engineering out of schools
the teaching of alternative sex to young children

Get the ''parroting' out of schools
back to critical thinking without fear 
of repercussions from teachers!

 get back to the 3 Rs
#Education
Surely to get worse if you have any say in it 
Stop pretending you're actually trying to help American children. What's your brother up to these days? What sweet contracts is Spectrum Health getting?
You are hurting millions of children with your elitist wealth grabbing tactics. You have no right taking money from the poor and giving it to the wealthy.  You time is limited!!!
Please give us the the real data not the skewed numbers.
#SXSWEDU  @NRA The USA  is #1 on school shootings though!!! Go NRA!
When are we stopping the #CommonCore ? One of the prominent #TrumpAgenda
The assessments are absurd, that’s why.  Let teachers teach.  Less is more, go do some research on what the top countries are doing.  (Hint...they aren’t testing their kids to death)
Because public schools need support. They need services, counselors, supplies, books, teaching assistants, teacher aides, More Art, More Music, More Appreciation! MORE RESPECT! LESS Bureaucracy, less influence from greedy wealthy outsiders.  Try that.
Who are the top 5%?  What are they doing we aren’t doing?  My guess? Kids get Discipline/Structure..You learn or you are out!! TEACHERS? You teach.. you produce..or you are out!!  AMERICA GIVES TROPHIES FOR SITTING  IN A CHAIR!!  SCHOOL GETS PAID AS LONG AS STUDENT IS IN CHAIR!!
As someone who studied the top 5%, it is a combination of wealth spread to all strata, family support across all strata, and public support of education.
Which are missing the most today?
It's  the  poverty 
I love how the Left has had total control over education but act like now it is being screwed up.  THEY SCREWED IT UP. American children deserve a better education!! These scores are the result of years of Democrat manipulation.
What the hell are you talking about?  The “left” has never had total control of the education.  That’s the most low informed, conspiracy theorists idea out there.  Education has been squeezed to the breaking point.  Provide statistics, not right-wing vomit.
Hahaha
The most recent assessment by the American people is that you are unqualified and biased by your financial interests. Resign and let a professional do the job.
We educate EVERYONE.  Apples & oranges.
Given what a dim bulb you are, I’m shocked you were even able to read these charts.
We also test all children. That’s not true in all nations.
Drop #CommonCore
That’s awful. Take useless tests like PARC out of the schools, give the teacher better pay and let them teach.
#resign
You’re doing a great job! #unfit like the rest of the  administration
I expected worse. You drove Michigan into the ground.
And it isn't necessarily due to funding.  NYC spends $21k per student and our grade 8-12 kids are barely at a 40% proficiency in math and English. That's bottom of the pack.
Step 1): Resign
