Uh.....you WORK in Washington. I sure as hell don't trust you.
#donttrust45
I don't trust DeVos, even when she appears to make sense.  Stopped clocks and all that.  #education
Yeah yeah blah blah blah.... But what are you actually DOING? What have YOU done to make our failing schools better? Tell us what YOU have achieved since you took office
You’re doing an amazing job @BetsyDeVosED! Liberals have ruined our schools & they hate you because you want to change that. Keep up the great work. 
It has been Republicans who have continuously cut funding to education. Name one way in which Liberals has damaged the educational system.  This assertion is nothing more than an empty platitude
Tbf, lots of liberals support charter schools & are against the de-segregation of public schools. I say we radically restructure school funding so that every child can get an excellent public education regardless of which zipcode they live in!
As a parent and an educator, I'd ask you to please listen to us. More privatization and vouchers are not the answer. We know what we need. Ask us.
Oh shut up. Your own staff doesn't trust YOU.
Then trust the parents & teachers who continue to tell you that you are not qualified to hold your position. #resign.
So you are saying you don’t trust yourself. You shouldn’t since you bought your position. RESIGN. You do not stand for teachers or our children!!!
How can the blind know whether the status quo is good or bad? You're not qualified to determine whether the current results are good, average or failing. You bought this position--and your own schools are failing.
I don’t trust Washington either.  They put a moron with no experience in charge of the department of education.
Excuse me, but you ARE Washington. Please do all the children a favor and resign.
Begins with giving them something you do not have. AN EXPERIENCED LEADER. Betsy, go bake some cookies and leave Washington, you were never supposed to be here.  You BOUGHT your way in for personal financial gain, NOTHING MORE.  Just think, gain some dignity and resign today. BYE!
Wait - you don't trust Washington? You ARE Washington. BE the change you want to see.
It’s ok, as a parent I don’t trust you either.
Excuse me??? You ARE Washington. Your only aim is to make more money off the backs of kids whose lives you make more difficult. It's cruel. You don't care about teachers OR students. You care about lining your pockets. Resign immediately.
You missed schools. We must do better for our SCHOOLS, and that's what us teachers think.
Just to prove how many people think youre unqualified 2 be in the position youre in. You should resign. Pick a # and  i bet this would far exceed it w/people who think your time in D.C should be brief.20,000 likes? 20
10,000 re tweets.Whats it gonna take 4 U to get the picture
20k likes, 10k re-tweets?
Maybe you should LISTEN to parents, students and children.
Right! Sure! Is that why you are a shill for lendingers?
US Citizens don't trust you!  RESIGN NOW
Buuuuut only if they are at schools that make you more money, right? 
America doesn't trust you & you know it. You instigated a simple yes or no question into a yr long problem, in trust. You took away a woman's protection in colleges against rape! And no help to needy public schools in Chicago, you're the problem.
I used to think you were stupid. Then I watched your 60 minutes interview.
You are totally unqualified.  Please resign immediately.
THEN REPEAL ESSA and RESTORE FERPA and most importantly RESTORE EDUCATION not reform it @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
From what you have said about the classroom, I think you should spend more time in one. It's almost exactly the opposite. I'm a highschool student and we sit with our friends and have actual discussions about things, either if it doesn't apply to the subject.
Like test prep to keep private funds coming in and teching robotic, rock on, get a grip
WOW! I just watched your 60 Min interview. You don’t know why people hate you? You know EXACTLY why, you just don’t care. Evil people never do.
But aren't you Washington?
But you are not listening to the majority of teachers. How can we believe you trust us if you continue to ignore what we tell you?
Thank U thank U thank U
For-profit charter schools, with very little oversight, have the kids best interest in mind? Anyone who thinks this is okay, needs to have their head examined. How can it be when the bottom line isn’t the students. For profit & school should not be put together.
As a teacher, then, I ask you to trust me when I tell you that you’re unqualified and need to resign.
Every lunch lady and custodian working in Public schools are more qualified to do the job she BOUGHT into only for personal financial gain.  RESIGN BETSY,
If we must do better for students, why are you trying to hinder prosecution of student loan vendors who violate state law and take advantage of students? Who’s side are you on?  I think we know....
Thank you for seeing, for understanding, and for acting. Education far overdue for rectification, Higher Education complete overhaul.
RESIGN NOW
Okay. What have you done to support this? People honestly believe you have done NOTHING. Please start doing SOMETHING! Start by visiting those underperforming schools you’ve never stepped foot into. Why don’t you TALK to educators?
I live in Michigan, what you have done to our public schools is a disgrace
Wow! Just saw you on 60 Minutes. It was obvious you didn’t do your homework  for the interview. You couldn’t even answer the simplest questions. I actually almost felt sorry for you
I know you trust me money you are not conserved with these children's lives or you wouldn't keep taking money from the poor schools shame on you
And I don’t trust an Education Secretary with no qualifications who seems to have gotten her ideas for school reform from “Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix”.
#whyareyoustillhere?
As Secretary of Education, it is your job to listen to teachers review the data and work to ensure every child in USA has the best education in the world.  Not send  federal $  to private and charter  schools.
Then let the teachers teach!  What % of the department of education are educators? But those are the ones making the rules...
Ms. Devos, with all due respect, "Washington " has crafted most of the legislation that has allowed students a decent education. When unqualified people like you work to undue everything, our students begin to fail. Why don't you resign?
You’re right Betsy DeDumbo. Do the education system a solid and RESIGN!!!!

If you trust students why did you only meet with Kyle! Afraid!
Skim off the top and let the rest rot. The thought basically comes from Betsy Amway DeVos Pusher for hedge-fund people to make money off of schools buildings and grounds.
Big government waters down everything. Let's find a way to get parents involved in public ed.
It is insulting to the hardworking public school teachers that I work with every day who don't get the luxury of picking and choosing their students like private schools do that you are working to undermine them and defund public schools.
Well trust a teacher right now when one is telling you that your voucher system is crap, school privatization is an awful idea, arming teachers is another awful idea, and public schools do more good because they accept any students and don't get to pick and choose like privates.
is that why uve worked so hard to get to the top? to invest in charter schools? Oh...that's right. It was given to you bc youre family's rich. The American people dont need or want you. Just take your family money and quit. Let someone who deserves the job step in.
Hey billionaire. You do not know us. You do not know our children. Stop pretending. Go be a fake in your palatial home.
You destroyed my life. I can't even go back to school because of the bill you passed. You fake news spreading..
Like you did in Mich?
That won’t happen with you at the helm. You have no idea what goes on in schools these days...and has been happening for the last 25-30 years.

Parents are completely shouldering the burden of raising their children, financially, physically, spiritually, intellectually. All to be handed over on a platter to the mind numbing propagandism of the left? They will NOT infringe on my God-given rights! That's why I home-school. …
On this topic, I thought I'd share a petition that appeared in my email box today. We must do better indeed:
Really? You actually don't speak like you do; if you did you wouldn't have a policy of abandoning public education.
It's funny you say this, because after watching you, I don't trust you. You're just as evil as them.
No you don't. You trust the Corporate Overlords that want big profits from privatizing public education. Public education is now and always been in the hands of your local board of education.
We don’t trust you - just look at what you did to Michigan - you can’t have the rest of OUR country 
Then, as a parent, trust me when I say that you are absolutely unqualified for your position and you need to step down and make room for someone who actually wants to make a change for the better!
Ignore these haters Betsy. I predict u and Ben Carson will be the last ones standing, because you two are the most idiotic of them all #MAGA
How do you sleep at night knowing you are actively trying to screw over the American youth
We don’t trust you and your $$$$$$ agenda.
Yes, we must do better. Starting with you. American education deserves better than you.
That first starts by getting a better Secretary of Education.
Problem - you aren't talking to parents and students.  You don't know what the public schools need.  They need somebody that has been there and done that - you've not.  You have NO clue.
We are totally  tired of the Trump administration, you, your brother and the kissing up to Putin. Soon you will see what we think.
Are you going to address the liberal indoctrination of our children in the public school system?   It’s out of control.
Oh my goodness... Just stop talking. You don't trust Washington? You are the status quo: Rich, privileged, out of touch, and and clueless... Sad!
@realDonaldTrump she doesn't trust Washington
Get her out
Vouchers...vouchers
Say what?  I’ve never seen you say anything of substance.
Just remember to not visit or talk about schools in general. You might learn something about the stuff ur supposed to be working with...
Did your donors pay you to say that cause your so FULL of yourself
Pity the clear majority of students do not have confidence in you and your war against public education.
Dear Betsy,

You are Washington. If you don't trust yourself, resign.

Sincerely, 
Thinking Humans Everywhere
As a teacher who joined Twitter specifically for this comment... no teacher I know feels supported by you.
#ListenToUs

uhhhh no one trusts you or THIS washington
I seriously hope they start learning American History again.
Yet you don't trust PUBLIC school teachers to educate young Americans...   
You should resign
If you trusted teachers, you would support the unions that they are part of.
Step one: quit.
You ARE Washington Ms. DeVos. You’ve been an underhanded lobbyist promoting your anti-public school agenda for decades.
You proved that you are unbelievably ignorant when it comes to education.  I’m guessing you went to a private school, right? I can’t believe you’re in charge of education
Yes we should do better for schools, unfortunately you are shit at your job and lack the conviction you claim you have to better them.
Amen! Bring your Michigan Magik to the masses!!!! #MAGA
You are right, we must do better! 

You are not listening to the feedback that is being given to you!

There are very important questions being asked of you that you don't know the answer for, stop and figure them out!

Stop and listen to the feedback and do better!
I don't trust an Education Secretary who doesn't have a CLUE about public education and can only repeat the word "choice" and grin idiotically. #FireDeVos #60Minutes #Unfit #RESIGN #BuyAJobBetsy

Start with appropriate discipline and teaching the basics, including the brilliance of our founding fathers.
I am a veteran teacher. I have a Masters degree in Education which is required for me to be licensed. You bought your position and have no interest in supporting public schools. Trust me when I tell you, you are unfit for your position. Please resign.
Good lord how dumb is this woman?

“I don’t trust the status quo” really? Is that why you and your family are one of the biggest donors to the Republican Party in the country to the tune of millions of dollars a year...

Do you know what “status quo” even means?
There is absolutely no evidence that you believe this. Actions not empty words.
Need information.  What are your accomplishments to date.  I have a hard time defending you.
Put your money where your mouth is. We work 60+ hour weeks and get paid for 40. We work in crumbling buildings and buy our own school supplies. Trust us.
We do Secretary!! Everyday, just now raising funds. @NationalFFA @floridaffa @UHSFFA @TimberCreekFFA
Um,  if you don't trust Washington,  then that means you don't trust yourself,  right?   If you trust teachers,  try actually listening to them.
You ARE Washington.
You believe in privileged students.
Do you trust PUBLIC school teachers?
You ARE "Washington"
why MUST WE?  parents....it's called responsibility.  stop ignoring ur kids,  Teachers....teach. students..... study.  I don't trust parents or teachers. these poor children are being indoctrinated into being sheep.
You are a joke and disgrace and for the better of students need to resign
To bad they are led by a person that doesn't know how to read a graph or proofread her work before hitting submit.
The voucher system negatively affects the most vulnerable students we have. Please stop doing anything until you understand the ramifications of the decisions you are making. Poor children can not utilize a voucher when they can’t assimilate. 
You don't trust Washington or the status quo, but I don't think you realize that the status quo is the only reason "Washington" is the way it is, and that "Washington" is the only reason you have any sort of influence right now. Sit down.
You ARE Washington, you dolt.
I'm looking forward to your statement on student walkouts today. I would imagine as the leader of the @usedgov for the federal gov you would have some opinion on the matter. 

Also can you let us know when we can start using vouchers to avoid awful public education?
#NailedIt
You POS. You care nothing about facts or education. Your entire goal is to convert our educational system to the christian version of islamic madrasses. No facts, no logic, and no future for anyone but the rich. You are worthless
Keep your Twitter on, Trump is going to fire you!! Terrible job on 60 Minutes!!!?
You’re garbage at your job. Resign immediately.
#WeCryBS
The only way you'll be doing better for my kids is by stepping-down, relocating to an island in the pacific, and never being heard from again.
Shame on you! This is about #greed #extremism and #profitbeforeourchildren
Do us a favor. Pack your shit and walk away. Far away until you've reached the middle of nowhere

Sincerely,
A concerned parent of 3
Do something about funding asap. Words are worthless.
If you can’t handle the heat, get the hell out of the kitchen
Amen...
By giving tax payers money from public school to private school?
You are Washington and you defend the status quo of bashing public schools and pushing privatization.
YOU LEAVE WORK ON THURSDAY AND SHOW UP ON TUESDAY?
YOU BUILT A HELICOPTER PAD AT YOUR WINTER FLORIDA HOME SO YOU DONT HAVE TO DRIVE TO THE AIRPORT, ONLY 3 MILES AWAY?
YOU DONT VISIT SCHOOLS IN TROUBLE TO LISTEN AND HELP?
GET THE HELL OUT.
OH! FORGOT ABOUT YOUR BROTHER.
SEYCHELLES
You’re the leader. Why haven’t you done shit. You can’t answer basic questions about the department you are head of, so you have no right to expect anything.
Your inability to do your job is astounding. You should be ashamed of yourself. GO VISIT THE UNDERPERFORMING SCHOOLS, TALK TO STUDENTS AND STOP WASTING OUR COUNTRY’S RESOURCES. Educate yourself Betsy.
You ARE WASHINGTON! JFC, this skit has run waaaaaay too long, somebody pull the plug on this already
Sounds like you can type a respectable tweet, but when interviewed you speak your mind.
What in the world are you talking about Ms. DeVos?
AP: Teacher accidentally fires gun in class, students injured   https://apnews.com/e91e7bb5f7a74741ba8d22dd64e49260 … …
Why no mention of the numerous demonstrations today by the nations children Secretary DeVos?
Just certain teachers and parents? or all?  How many have you spoken to lately?
Put the “billions and billions and billions” INTO schools, rather than gutting them. Unfortunately for you, that actually would involve buildings that won’t fall down with a slight breeze, and institutions that have more intelligence in their bricks than you have in your head.
How about you start in your own backyard.  It's a shame you are the US Secretary of Education and you can't even answer a simple question regarding your home state.  I feel for today's children.
One step in the right direction would be if you resigned.

#BetsyMustGo
You are bought and paid for in Washington and you don't know anything about students, parents or education.
Then actually spend time in public schools talking to teachers, students and parents. Words without action are meaningless.
You are ignorant, or you just don’t care. Please stop comparing us to other nations. They educate the elite; we educate all! So our low SES and SPED kids will score lower, and bring down the score of the general population. Compare our top to their top!
No one trusts you. FULL STOP. You should resign for the good of the country.
You still think arming teachers is a good idea?  What if this happened to your grandchildren? #FireBetsyDeVos
If you believe in students, then show them. Do so much as to tweet something in support of these kids who are leading us in a #walkout today, carrying signs that say "arm us with books". Lead.
So ur for school choice but not women’s choice. Got it
I suggest you learn a lot more about schools and education. After all education is your job and you need to educate yourself about your job. You can do a better job if you take the time to learn your job.
You need to be fired.  You are not educated well enough to be in this position.
#WednesdayWisdom

Betsy: #EnoughIsEnough.
Resign.
Delete your account.

Your #60Minutes are up. 

Everyone who participated in #NationalWalkoutDay needs to demand your removal and demand the  GOP not take #NRABloodMoney.

The #NRAIsATerroristOrganization plain and simple.

#GTFO
Go back to your caviar and champagne and leave the education of our children to someone with a brain.  #resign.
Blah blah blah you are afraid to visit schools and when you do its for a photo op, stop the BS

A teacher's gun goes off inside a Seaside High School classroom, and at least one student suffers injuries from bullet fragments to his neck. The teacher also is a reserve police officer, and he's now on leave from both jobs. …
YOU represent Washington. And you are right! I don't trust YOU and I won't blindly defend your agenda.

No support for the students today from you, @BetsyDeVosED. You are a disgrace in West Michigan. Student’s safety is the priority, not your agenda of separation and privatization.
Just think, the sooner you resign the sooner you can go on DWTS!
I believe you’re a national disgrace and should resign.
You ARE Washington. WE don't trust YOU, an empty, inexperienced politician attempting to destroy from within the important administration that you're in charge of.
Are you going to quit, or wait around to be fired? This experiment with novice cabinet members has been a total disaster. @realDonaldTrump
Hm... if your plan includes "teaching" (recruiting) Amway, no thanks.  It's a pyramid scheme.
Nobody trusts you
If you trust me as a teacher, then don’t take money away from schools and get us more funding! If you trust trust teachers and believe in students, then let us handle our business in the classroom!
Sounds like someone knows they are about to be fired. Can’t wait!!!!
@realDonaldTrump you have a great Sect. that doesn't trust you..lol
Either You are Incompetent or Lying otherwise YOU would be out there with the kids that are Marching For Their Lives TODAY #MarchForOurLives
I don't trust you. You're dumber than a box of rocks and you believe what you think. Which, apparently, isn't much. #fireBetsy
Then DO IT.
If "we" must do better for students - then start with RESIGNING.
how can you help teachers and students, you have never been a teacher and you didn't go to public school and probley never stepped in one, you bought your position.  I have millions I also could have your job, i went to public school...lol
did you support the #WalkoutWednesday  NOPE
What are you doing better as of now for the public school teacher....NOTHING
No you don't. You've demonstrated otherwise time and time again.
Then do it! Isn't that your job? How about stay off Twitter and actually do the work you were appointed to do
thank you for taking this job, I trust you!
The one thing you should be thanked for is your transparency, it is obvious that you haven't a clue what your job is nor do you pretend to care. Thank you for showing the nation what we here in Michigan already knew.
Why aren't you standing with our students today? Too busy promoting your own agenda to kill education for those you claim to be working for?
I agree, we must do better for the education of all students. It will begin with your resignation.
Have you received a tweet from Trumpty Dumpty yet?  Your time surely is coming up! Watch out for that "compliment".  Don't let the school door slam you in the ---.
Where is your message of support for the students- oh wait they are public school kids
To show that you really want what's best for students, today, in honor of those who were murdered a month ago, RESIGN!
Today, thousands of young people across our nation are showing themselves to be smarter, braver, and more morally developed than you will ever be, regardless of what titles your money is able to buy you.

So now you’re blaming “editing” for the fact that you appeared to be a dangerously out of touch, incompetent, fool in recent interviews. That desparate defense would almost be sad if you weren’t so remarkably unlikeable.
You need to be handing-out 'hand-wraps' to any & all teachers or staff members who encouraged or participated in this walk-out!  I mean you had better send a very loud message that Schools are for Education, Not political stunts!  Penalize them! I can't believe you let it happen.
You do realize you’re part of “Washington”.
