We welcomed the State Teachers of the Year to learn more about the incredible work they are doing in their classrooms across the country. They gave valuable insights on school safety, addressing opioids and rethinking education to fit the unique needs of…
You are a disaster to our educational system. Your inability to comprehend the simplest ideas of how education exists in this country is disgusting. You are a dark mark on this countries history and I hope it haunts you until the day you die
HIDDEN CAM: Union City NJEA Protects "Teacher Who Had Sex" w/ Student
I'll bet not a one of them appreciated meeting you.

Good to see an entitled c*nt like you who has yet to visit a single under privileged classroom planning on how she can bilk millions out in student loans. You continue to prove that you're incompetent for this role. Please resign or drop dead.
What are you doing to insure we have great and well-paid Public School teachers? NOTHING. Please resign today, you #Sham
What do you know about public teachers?  The same thing that’s in your head—fucking nothing.
The irony in this tweet is unfathomable. #teachersdeservefunding
What have you done to get @BillGates #CommunistCoreEdu out of schools? History books are still shelved, Islam is still being preached & socialism still revered producing maladjusted none critical thinkers ready-to-program drones. Things are the same. Your passion is lost on US.
Yes they are our most important constituents. You have yet to do anything to protect them from liberal, progressive brainwashing indoctrination in public schools!
Teachers need your commitment to help them.  They need funding Ms Devos.
You insulted them. Of course. Shameful. Please resign. Our kids deserve a qualified person!!
You don't even have the common sense to be embarrassed about your own ignorance! Go back to selling soap by with your pyramid scheme!
Well none of them "BOUGHT" thier way to Teacher of the year! Because they don't get paid enough! Thank God they are smart because you aren't
Rich, yet dumb as a stump- Betsy DeVos bought her position and is harming our nations children which is OUR FUTURE. The GOP should be ashamed of itself for approving this IDIOT into a cabinet position. #DumpDeVos
Did all the non-blonde, non-white teachers in America turn down this sham ceremony?
You're doing a wonderful job!!!!
What cloud are you living on?  You are the fake news tonight. I work with these people. #outoftouch #moneybags #selfiterest
please step down, you are not qualified to be there are you not ashamed of yourself? Please
If you value then as you say you do,  for the love of God,  LISTEN TO THEM!  #publicschoolsproud
You and your policies are not on the side of public school teachers, @BetsyDeVosED This will be remembered during the midterms.
Public school teachers do not agree with your policies to drain the public school funds by giving money to the charter and private religious schools who are not being held equally accountable!  Much taxpayer money is being wasted and misused: @BetsyDeVosED
Most teachers of public schools will heartily concur that the oversight and standards required of public schools SHOULD EQUALLY be applied to all charter and religious schools that receive taxpayer funds. @BetsyDeVosED
Read the teacher's questions and comments.  No wonder they were the teachers chosen.  Well done.  Sorry you didn't get an intelligent response.
Stop taking public money away from public schools in order to fund charter schools.
Thank you for your incompetence.
I can't believe you are not exhausted from working so hard to be as ineffectual as possible in the most powerful position in education.
If you care about kids & education, just resign already.
maybe you could elaborate a little and we might get a glance at what you are actually doing.....very little, i hear.  you should be fired.
Thank you for your commitment to #education. Proud of the job you are doing. Haters are going to hate. Especially those #marxist #socialist #statism inclined.
Yeah.... heard it did not go well for you. Go home Betty!
Patronizing crap.....teachers aren't falling for your nonsense Bets....you forget -- these peasants can read and THINK.....and they know what your agenda is......full implementation of the dumbing down of America....so peasants can be easily controlled.....they ain't buyin, girl
Your use of the phrase “front lines” reinforces the fact that you have no idea what happens or should happen in our schools! The only battle teachers should be fighting is against you for “leading” us even though you are lacking in all areas that deal with education. Resign now!
@BetsyDeVosED , if you had ANY care for children, you'd resign and nominate one of those teachers for your position. But...you CLEARLY don't. #resign
My wisdom is the best way for children to have some equality amongst themselves. The rich elites dislike this idea. What about you? http://aimhightips.com   
http://www.aimhighteentips.com/aim54advice.html … …Mdme. Secretary you could own the Tips and give them to the world.
Too bad that you are the worst person to know, understand, and work for our public school system: a foundation of our democracy. Resign.
https://www.facebook.com/TheHill/posts/10155993312539087 …      Apparently it didn’t go to well! You are as ignorant as your boss! Shame on you for even taking this position 
#redfored – at Presidio School
You do not support education is the USA that is free will, ur a #Hypocrite & con
You are truly the WORST Secretary of Education, unqualified and inexperienced. Please quit. We need @AndreAgassi !!!
For the love of Jesus, please resign
All of them left feeling frustrated with your ideas and input on school choice , you could care less what they think unless it fits your agenda. Please give them the best teacher's gift of all by resigning.
Teacher of the yr has NOTHING 2 do w/ being intelligent & professional. They are elected 4 popularity, by other under-qualified quacks!
Yeah, see Betsy trying to be important. Not quire making it though. I just read a news story stating the teachers left that meeting frustrated and bewildered. Hey, Betsy, when are you going to visit some schools that are actually struggling?
They all know you’re a fraud and and a joke. You’re a talking head and and a not so bright one at that.
Is that what you were thinking when you asked for a 91 billion dollar cut to the education budget???
State Teachers wouldn't wipe out 500 discrimination claims by students to make their case processing records look better. They are real teachers. You ae overmatched. Resign.
Did they mention they aren't being allowed to 'Teach' children (1) How to read (2) How to add and subtract (3) How to Write????
Betsy, name ONE thing you’ve done for our schools?!? Just ONE!  You need to go and be REPLACED with experience!!! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump   She’s done NOTHING!!!!
Yes, and you were the dunce in the room: "charter schools should be thought of as parts of the same public school  system?"  You're incredibly stupid w/your failed (MI) programs. The 2 school concepts are managed differently & subject to different rules & regulations.
Mrs. DeVos end, throw out the debased ungodly pornographic welcoming school curriculum immediately. Take it before Congress for the life & well being of our children.
All those teachers HATE you. How about working to give them adquate supplies to teach and a decent wage?
I've been a public school teacher almost as long as you've been an entitled, elite hypocrite. Please just go away.
For the love of God, listen to them. Find out what they do to be great, what they wish they could do and have to make our students, themselves, their colleagues greater, then fill in the blanks. Please. #RedForEd
#RESIGN you are terrible at your job
How does it feel to know that everyone of those teachers are significantly more qualified to do your job than you?
Not that you are about teachers or actual students.
Pffft. Like you care.
You may want to look at PG County schools in Maryland. The education system is corrupt. The CEO spends money without authority and senior grades are changed to make graduation quotas. The CEO needs to the fired. But Baker is his buddy.
Says someone who’s never been a teacher. Your words fall way short!!!!
Baseball bats or Glocks in their swag bag?
And they told you how your policies are hurting public education. I hope you listened.
Why haven’t you visited the teachers that are striking? Are you scared of what they will say to your face?
What you did today was the equivalent of a teacher meeting with the nation's State Plumbers of the Year.  100% unqualified to even be in the room with them and "talk shop".  Must be extremely awkward for both you and the teachers.  #keeppretending
You sound like a 5th grade teacher who went to a "state teaching college" who is bored out of their wits inside those four walls everyday.
You're POORLY EDUCATED, Bets. Go back to school. Get a master's degree, grifter.
I really still can't believe you're in that job I can't believe you haven't been fired yet. I can't believe you have the balls to even type anything on here. Be quiet go fill your pockets with money
These public school teachers told you that your “system” doesn’t work. You will not listen to them because it doesn’t fit your narrative. You are poorly under qualified and you bought your position on the backs of the children you left behind and do not care for.
Great message Betsy.
Did you listen to anything they had to say or just smile and nod?
And every one of them thinks you’re unfit!!
Yet you won’t help improve their teaching conditions as you funnel money to charter schools
RESIGN. NOW. Be an honest, decent person for once in your life and resign an office you have absolutely no business holding. #shameonyou #jesuswept #youmakejesuscry
Sooo, about all the other teachers... You just not going to talk about them? They are on strike you know... They don't get paid enough, you know. What I know, you should not have this position.
What a stupid comment
bob is a bit- reported and blocked 
Bot- lol
Then why don't you visit these schools or give teachers more money for them and their classrooms. As mom of special needs child his class always get the short end of the stick.  Short in supplies, shortage of teachers. Bigger paycheck!! They do lot more for these children!!
Why are the Teachers mad at you? Are you doing bad things that hurt schools? Why does @realDonaldTrump tell you do this stuff? He’s mean. Are you rich?
You are #unqualified to be in the same room as these classroom leaders. Each one is more qualified for your job, they just couldn't bribe their way in. Pathetic. #RethinkDeVos
...like you give a shit Amway Princess!
Betsy it's a shame that you have no clue what teachers do or what their challenges are.
Resign today. You are the embodiment of useless white privilege. Born on third base thought you hit a triple.
Please assist me in passing the amendment to the nation’s only direct ballot Parent Trigger. Florida Parent Empowerment 1002.33 (3b) log on for details http://governingschool.com 
“Front Lines”? Because we risk being shot when entering a public school? (Which you have yet to do in any meaningful way.)#Resign #NRABloodMoney #BuyAJobBetsy
Resign
Really? Your use of the phrase ‘front lines’ implies a battle or war. I can tell you that the furthest thing I or my colleagues do each day is wage a battle against students. Visit a classroom.
We need to get rid of the cultural marxist teaches & college professors that A) hate you. B) indoctrinate our kids & C) were in attendance at the anti-2A rallies rather than actually working at their part time jobs where they clock in @ 8AM & clock out @ 2PM like the ones here!
No teacher I know works from 8 - 2. Try 8-7, plus weekends. (And this doesn’t include the 2nd job needed to supplement low teacher salary.) #TheMoreYouKnow #PublicSchoolProud
You're not in school at 7PM every day. You clock out at around 2PM or 3PM & if you work a second job it's because you have the time to. 
Summers off, holidays off, leave school at around 2PM. #quityerbitchn
#Robot
America hates you.
I hope they boo your sorry ass out of the building
Front lines..poor choice of words. Unlike you...our Nation’s Teachers are not involved in a war with our students and parents.
But do they really help our students learn? Or are they rewriting history and preaching their lib ideas. 
That kind of teacher support is insulting. Keep it to yourself.
LOL! Photo opp. Empty words. 
How about you purposely visit an under performing school?

how about you study the 60 Minutes tape and go back for the next six months and change everything about your ridiculous answers?
And based on the reports of your meeting with these dedicated educators you not only demonstrated your lack of understanding of the needs of ALL children you showed no willingness or care to learn. You are a sham unworthy to be in the same room with these outstanding teachers.
Where can I find these reports? I would like to read to help substantiate


Keep up the good work.
Resign
The front lines are in Arizona, Oklahoma and all the other places where you have indicated no interest in dealing with real issues.

Just like Trump is delusional enough to think his next priority is a Nobel Peace Prize...you seem to think you know what you’re doing.
My outrage over @BetsyDeVosED not resigning won't fit in a tweet.
How could you possibly know anything about what teachers do in a classroom? #Unfit #ResignNow

You know nothing about education. You bought your job.
Ma’am, “ YOU still have not made time to visit ( Dis-Advantaged Schools ) “!!! All you have done is blow your gold plated horn in self Praise! Like mindless @realDonaldTrump pathetic Ma’am
I hope they spat in your face.
front lines?  what the hell?
She already put her mark on them and trashed the system. She doesn’t care.  
She’s a piece of  all right.   Ugh! I couldn’t even stomach to watch the whole interview.  She’s just so dumb
And every one of them more dedicated to ALL children than you can possibly know or understand.
Oh she understands that people like you need to be as far away from children as humanly possible! I hope you're not a teacher!
You skipped a few.....resign NOW
Go read a fucking book
Bish, please. Visit some struggling schools and we'll talk.
No you won't. You'll call her a BISH & attack her like the thug teachers in DC did last year. You're 99% cultural marxist dark entities. We gotta get rid of your kind of so called "teacher"!
What major have you done?

School choice vouchers 

Get it done
Want to help students learn and grow? Get the eff out of here and resign.
Resign
