Hardworking taxpayers will see more money in their paychecks as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act signed into law by President Trump. http://45.wh.gov/j89mu2 
BS! The rich keep getting richer and the working poor will suffer.  You're the perfect example. Privlaged and clueless as to the plight of the working poor.  Your a pathetic incompitent excuse of a person. You serve yourself just like Trump! RESIGN #BlueWave2018
In the meantime, the federal government is still not funding #SpecialEducation as required by law.
Exactly!! Vote them out!
I agree that they must be voted out. The problem is that a lot of Democrats have bought into the Devos agenda:
The tax cuts are for the 1% like you and the orange clown you keep sucking up to.  

Get a clue and see how the 99% live!
Tax cut is bullshit and i am not surprised you're in favor of it ... Its a massive transfer of wealth upwards. That's why we need a blue tsunami!
Hey Betsy...we need cursive back in all schools all ages..Obama took it..part of dumbing of America plan.
Children can print only

Betsy Devos never worked a day in her life. Born rich and has taken up education as a hobby. Ruined Michigan schools and wants to continue burning down public schools on the Federal level.
Looks like the American people are recognizing that the #GOPTaxScam was nothing more than a massive transfer of wealth to the top 1% and wealthy corporations. Recent polls show that only 27 % of Americans call them a good idea. #TaxDay
If I don't see more money, are you going to make up the difference out of your personal account?  Stop touting the tax thing and continue doing crap work for education. You haven't gotten that anywhere near figured out.
You'll take home more, but this doesn't translate to us little people. This POS bill only helps you billionaire 1%ers.... Enough enough enough!
Rebekah Mercer and Daddy.  The woman who put Betsy DeVos in office with her black money.
You are an idiot.  These cuts disproportionately impact low income families and education.   Then again those are two things you know nothing about.   Just resign.   An empty chair would do more for education than you.
Bullshit.
Please stop regurgitating the GOP BS cause we all know that only the spoiled 1% are the ones benefiting from such blatant farce.

#FakeMAGA
#MAGA
#TrumpLies
#GOPBS
#GOPLies
#GOPTraitors
#NRALies
#NRABS
#NRATerrorists
#BoycottSinclairAdverts 
#BoycottSinclair
#FireHannity
Oh Betsy, you sure did benefit from #TAXSCAM. Now we have to suffer your position as apparently you were the highest bidder. What a swamp Trump has created!
You are truly the best DoE Secretary in history @JerryFalwellJr @GovMikeHuckabee @PressSec @TheWozU
Are you on crack
Yet how to fix schools if we are cutting revenue? If cuts are great, why do they expire?
Betsy dear—you realize the tax cuts for us non-rich people only last 7 years and gets smaller every year, right?  With the pittance of an increase, exactly how is this going to make a dent in education costs?  Do the math Bets before you tweet nonsense.
Why is the Secretary of the department of education tweeting on this subject?  Is it a mandate that all Departmental Secretaries must tweet on this subject?  #Sad #AskCokie
And they will have to save, Betsy. Because they will have to hopefully leave enough money for their grandchildren, who will be paying for this “tax cut,” which is essentially the same thing as using a credit card. Someone has to pay the damn bill later - with interest.
Guaranteed it WON'T be a DeVos, trump, koch, etc who contributes.
Charter schools, private schools, keep those children of color out.
nice. way to squeeze that one in there. Curious how ~250/yr will help my kids tho. thats one fucking textbook. Lemme know. Thanks
U better thank him because he supports the rich (you) not hard working Americans (me).....
LIAR. Trump's tax cuts for the rich are deeply unpopular with Americans, and defeat is certain for Republicans in the #2018Midterms. Oh, and you're Secretary of EDUCATION, not Trump's top economics advisor. Resign.
You are both Propaganda mouthpieces the biggest and the loudest
You realize at this point we already know we’ve been scammed, right? There is literally no appreciable difference. At least for those of us living paycheck to paycheck. Because we teach.
Time to resign. You’re not qualified for this job.
You're a joke. Please resign.
Many school districts are seeing some serious budget shortfalls largely due to the tax cut. I’m all about paying less taxes but not if it means our kids don’t have educational needs met. Btw, I get an extra $20 per pay period.
Due to increase in # of taxpayers and tax base, tax cuts always increase government tax receipts over time.  Reagan’s cuts almost doubled Fed. Tax revenue. OMB says Fed. Education spending projected to increase every year from 2015-2023. Local school boards determine priorities.
You lost me at tax cuts increase tax receipts. Can’t start with that and have an expectation to be taken seriously. Also Dept of Ed is federal, no? Tax money they are allocated is distributed to states, schools for grants, etc.
Tax cuts allow people to keep more of the money they earn. They put it back into the economy via spending, investing. More economic activity produces more products/services and increased tax receipts to the government.
Lots of available studies that trickle down Econ reduces growth. In other words, it doesn’t work.
You, your policies, your service is a pure JOKE!!!
DO ALL THE EDUCATORS ACROSS AMERICAN A HUGE FAVOR...AND QUIT!!!!!
Subjective...reducing someone's bonus to $1k when some people usually get more or $1k when exec's got ridic bonuses... not to mention the people ed...who were downsized its called #thespin people #WakeUp
You already have the job so quit sucking up.  #DEVOS_HACK
Short sighted you are. Cut now, pay later. A disgraceful legacy for our future. Shame on Trump, GOP, and you.
#propaganda. Do you really think that making $75 more a month will offset the massive (now unprotected) debt that parents accrue for education? You of all people, with serious interests ($$$) in student loan companies. Another charlatán

At all levels?  Really?
True, for ONLY a few, short years. Unfortunately the "tax cut" is temporary for us and PERMANENT for corporations. Doesn't sound fair. And it's hard to pay for a higher education for our kids due to the cost. So, where's the help for the middle class?
Nobody believes you
Humm, aren’t u supposed to be the Sec of Ed?!? Q: Why don’t u do something like stop Common Core! A:Just do something, not visit & play cum-by-yah! Be a Lion!

@MarkYoungTruth @LouDobbs @SebGorka @realDonaldTrump @chuckwoolery @Education4Libs @DLoesch
Yes that $12 a year will really stretch out that college find, huh? You're the dumbest person alive. #GOPTaxScam
Thanks, but my property taxes are already going up $397 plus more if voters agree to more tax money for schools. They don’t have enough because we have to give vouchers for rich kids to go to private school in Indiana.
"Rich kids" lol. 
https://www.doe.in.gov/choice 
You're nothing but a rich dilettante. You know you little allot education to do your job. You have no credibility.  Please don't have your mercenary brother kill me for telling it like it is.
As soon as Trump is out, so are you.  I can not wait.  It will be like the nation winning the lottery.
Resign.
Haven’t seen it in my paycheck. Is it just for those that donated to you? Those that line your pockets?
Hahahahaha my “increase” is going to pay for big business price gouging on products and services.  I actually have less now than before
So did you release your tax returns or are you following your boss’s lead to break with history and keep it private. And by the way, we’re still waiting to hear what you are doing to make our schools safe again. #MOSSA
Yeah! Where are Trumps @POTUS tax returns!   We all have to struggle to actually pay ours!
Oh, please!
I'm literally getting $2 more while you rich Trumpers gave yourselves millions in cuts.
not teachers.   you screwed them.
What money ? That tax cut helped people like you, NOT low income families or even middle  income families.. Go check the facts, Do SOME research!!!!!
LIAR LIAR pants on 
I’m calling bs!
You disgust me.
Again, you know NOTHING about education. You bought your job.
Your 529 plan is nothing more than a dishonest facade for privatizing public education and will primarily only benefit mostly-White, upper income families.
Please ,lady, you seem dim.
And if anyone knows more about "hard earned paychecks", it's definitely this goofball.  Unreal.
Ask the GM workers. Would love to see President shithole’s taxes
*wealthy families will be able to send their children to the MOST expensive private colleges, as opposed to those mediocre “not as expensive” private colleges.
Wealthy families already send their kids to the best schools so, you're not making any sense. You had zero reason to attack this tweet. And that's exactly how it comes off.
Beysy DeVos please look into what is contained in the history books being used to teach our kids. Very anti-conservative, anti-Trump!
Historic! What’s the National Debt now??? 

And then will lose more after the election cycle is done.
How does it feel to be hated even more than Pruitt? STOP JEOPARDIZING OUR CHILDRENS FUTURE! #supportpublicschools #fundpublicschools
Hey Betsy.. go to any of those "underperforming" schools yet? I didn't think so.
The NAACP backs up its call for a moratorium on charter schools with something often missing in today's political environment - facts.
Go Betsy go!
Yes. Go AWAY, Betsy.
Liar
Meanwhile, 20 year old books and crumbling walls in America's schools. But the Koch's get 1 Billion.
my God, does he make you people memorize that and say it every day the way he does, over and over and over?  terribly boring.
#liars #lying to us again. You are destroying this country in the name of money.
YOU are a #traitor
You havent a clue what it means to pay for a child's education.
Instead, let’s take some of those billions made by the rich and corporations off this #TaxScam and pay teachers more. Or at the very least not force them to pay for their own supplies. #HowDoesSheStillHaveAJob #TrumpsCrookedCabinet #TrumpsFoolCabinet #Huckster #AllShow #FakeEdSec
Reminder that educators can no longer deduct items purchased from their own pockets for classrooms from their taxes.
Wait, "save for their child's education"? Call @SpeakerRyan to call that high school secretary in Pennsylvania back and tell her to cancel her Costco membership!He kid has $1.50 of lernin' to pay fer.
Cool.  The extra $30 a month will go towards more snacks and supplies for my Special Education students.  #FundPublicEd #NoVouchers #PayTeachers
The extra 800 bucks , if that , a year won't do SHIT for saving for college which now at MSU is 100k+ for 4 years. If you ever had to honestly work or budget a day in your life you'd understand that this #GOPTaxScam is BULLSHIT like you!

You mean the tax scam where most of it went permanently to the rich by raising the National Debt while the rest of us temporally get a few dollars? You're as dishonest as Trump.
And how much does your family rake in Betsy? Because we know that's all that matters to you.
Resign! You bought your position....Swamper!
My check and 9 out of 10 I have asked did not see an increase.  So the deficit is ballooning like crazy too.  Do your job, raise education levels across he country and strip being a cheerleader for #45 who seems to need warm fuzzies
You should go back to school and learn about inequality.
America Hates You
When are YOU going to get rid of common core/new math? Prohibit Satanists after school clubs on school grounds? When are you going to put vocational programs back into HS, so people don’t have to spend a fortune on college tuition?
what about teachers? #teachersvsgrizzlies
This is a huge lie. So how do you sleep at night knowing little kids are starving and dying on your watch as you sit in your ivory tower getting richer from these cuts. You guys could have changed the world but like the rest you just took for yourself.
What about paying teachers better? Maybe bring them up above poverty level? What are you doing about that?
Meanwhile millions of teachers&educators are working multiple job to make ends meet. I’m sure you know all about “the struggle” as the young folk call it these days....you do know who the young folk are...right?
Teachers/educators are paid more now than ever before. Way overpaid in some cases for 180 days work. That's working 6 months making on average 60000 plus a year in many areas. That's a 12 mo. avg. 5000. monthly, with summers off to tutor if they wish. Sell that lie elsewhere.
Or maybe all those families share one child......
What? You don't know how to spell the plural possessive of "child" ???
I think you mean CORPORATE AMERICA will pay less taxes.This doesn’t help the TEACHERS or PARENTS you are supposed to be working for!! Shame on you for spreading these falsehoods!!!
You are unqualified and compromised by your business ties. You support the president because you bought your position. Resign now before you completely destroy our public education system.
My daughter has had 529 since she was born, after monthly $75 deposits, has $12,000. She’s 10. So tell me in eight yrs, guesstimating $25,000 which four year college could she afford? NONE. Should I up my deposits? To what, Betsy? $250. I promise your “tax cuts” wouldn’t cover it
You're doing a great job!!
Lol!

https://youtu.be/Hyh4Bt5_ptw  | Getting prepared for battle tomorrow in the only way that counts. What you say and what you #DO. Preparing for something else as well : a return to the beginning since the question "How did you get your cat" was the a-hem, catalyst. #BetsyDeVos #StandUP
only the corpocracy and 1%ers ...oh gee YOU!! benefit from this giveaway..
we'd have to make a living wage to save $$...
Eewwwww.  You again.
Why don’t you stick to education and stop tweeting about more stuff you know nothing about.
Problem is @BetsyDeVosED knows NOTHING about education either.
Not true, I will pay more than ever under this plan. I am the middle class and the wealthy DeVos family and their rich cronies are the only to benefit long term.
According to Tax Policy Institute, 82% of middle class taxpayers will see a reduction in their taxes.  I’m sorry if you’re in the 18%, but it benefits the great majority.  Corporate tax cut brings us in line with rest of world, increases hiring and pay, everyone benefits.
All while cutting funding for education, which should be a concern for you, but, amazingly, is not.
According to the OMB and us government http://spending.com , US federal education spending is projected to increase every year from 2015-2022.  There is no cutting in education spending.
We’re going to tax the hell out of you to pay down the deficit.
BS just like your work ethic.
Ur best way to Invest in our Children: Resign
Lady, instead of talking about how parents should be spending more money on their children's educations, talk about how their taxes will improve the public schools kids can attend for FREE!  Oh wait...that's not the plan is it?
If we are paying school and property taxes, and boy do we, then it’s not free.
Good point - I can't argue that.  However, for the taxes we already pay, America's schools should be better than they are.  The focus of the Dept of Ed shouldn't be on private schools when the law says every child is entitled to a "FREE and public education."
In Norway, Singapore, Hong Kong, best school systems and results in the world, all for less $/child, money follows the child where their parents think is best fit. Competition improves results across the board. US is 3rd in Ed spending, 38th in math (2015PISA). Need new system.
Buying another island? Most Americans are hurt by this as is every public school student, teacher and administrator. Shame on you. Resign. You’re unqualified and unfit.
#SavePublicEd Invest in our future #PublicSchools
Thank God and grizzlies I'm a billionaire so that I can take take advantage of the tax cuts. The rest of them can eat cake.
Store bought sheet cake. No sense in them getting used to the nice things they cant afford.
So U were selected by Trump 2 fix R schools what have you done so far? Why R you tweeting tax reform? R country is divided because half of ppl R foreign (outrageous immigration) & dont care about our history. U need to make changes N R  schools teachers who object to our identity
Really ?! $51 dollars more a month is BIGGER ?!!
Oh! Harvard for my daughter is now on the table! Woohoo!!

Yeah, a whole $80 per month will really pay for that private school!!
Will see more in their checks and have to pay it back come tax time. You and this administration suck #BlueWaveComing2018
Your a complete POS Betsy.....
Unfortunately the #TaxReform reduced funds which support the common good in favor of the wealthy and Corps. Public schools and promoting general welfare require citizen support
By increasing the number of taxpayers and the tax base, Tax cuts always increase government tax receipts over time. Reagan’s tax cuts almost doubled government tax intake.  OMB projects $22B increase in receipts in 2018. Our deficit is huge from spending, not tax cuts.
You DON'T even have a master's degree? How can you run the department of EDUCATION when you have a such a low amount of education? Would you have someone with a BA as president of Harvard? Jesus hates you, Bets. #abortionsavestaxmoney
Madam DeVos, how does this tax cut affect our educational institutions? Raising of local taxes? I agree that it is good, but how can it affect our schools in a positive way? @realDonaldTrump What say you Sir?
I believe she is saying the expansion of the 529 plans to include secondary ed plus the rise in real wages to help fund them allows parents whose kids need a better fit than a public school to be able to look for another option.
@WhiteHouse DeVos and Trump, both born rich, are excited to lecture the rest of us on saving money.
They have no idea what many of us go through on a daily basis.  Now my family will struggle for the next few months playing catch up because we owe Federal, State and Local taxes. Plus we haven’t met our family medical deductible yet either!#WhatTaxBreak
People like you Betsy. Not people like us.
Riiiight. The workers say they got bupkis. You and your rich friends got all the money. Like you need it. Greed on steroids.  

Betsy,  Jesus had a preferred option for the poor. Just sayin'.
I'm not sure why Sec. DeVos even tries to engage on social media...this isn't working for her, and just diminishes her credibility...if that was possible.
What credibility, buying a position?
And she had...hi-gh hopes, she had hi-gh hopes...
What on earth do you know about hard-earned paychecks????
GOOD GOD! It's bad enough that this debt monster #TaxScam passed, but to have a billionaire like you dancing and clapping about your giant tax cut, while the other 99% of us will suffer from budget cuts... that's just horrible. 
Greater freedom to save?

Please resign.
Nope. Nope. Nope.
Just resign already. Most Americans have had their fill of your nonsense.  The rest of Americans have no idea what you do but cheer you on because they're trumpsters. History will not be kind to you.
Betsy I’ll bet that you save $1,000,000.00 in your taxes.
https://youtu.be/Hyh4Bt5_ptw  | Getting prepared for battle tomorrow in the only way that counts. What you say and what you #DO. Preparing for something else as well : a return to the beginning since the question "How did you get your cat" was the a-hem, catalyst. #BetsyDeVos #StandUP

STOP FEDERAL LIBERAL INDOCTRINATION OF OUR CHILDREN.  END COMMON CORE AND RETURN OUR SCHOOLS TO STATE ADMINISTRATION.

Thank you for all you are trying to do. Education is tough when the teacher union went help
3) Also Betsy, those earning less than $40,000 a year will be worse off by 2025, when this bill's provisions will mostly be in effect. Contrarily, those with higher incomes would enjoy tax breaks.  Go back to your staged photo ops and overpriced security Betsy
That is simply not true.  The standard deduction is doubled for all taxpayers, increasing the number of people making less than $40,000 /year who don’t pay ANY tax by 5 million. The tax cuts EXPIRE in 2025, not be fully active, and rates go back up to precut levels like you want.
The teachers in several states protesting about salary may beg to differ.
hard-earned...
2) Until now this has only been used for higher education, but now it covers the costs of private K-12 schools. The @GOP bill also gets rid of Qualified Zone Academy Bonds, which public schools with 35% or more of students on the free/reduced lunch program are eligible to use.
Betsy Bigot DeVos and Paul 1.50 Ryan pushing the terrible #TaxScam today. Am I supposed to thank @SpeakerRyan and @BetsyDeVosED ? One robs the country while the other robs our children. Or maybe they both do each?
Shut the F up, Devos.  That tax cut was for the rich...CLEARLY...which means you are benefiting nicely.  NOW YOU ROTTEN @GOP WANT TO GUT OUR SAFETY NETS TO PAY FOR IT.  I bet it's nice working for a liar who says he cares for all Americans...long as they're rich.

Um, the president is Betsy’s boss, not the senate.
Congratulations, you know more than Betsy does!
But. Image. Not correct still. Fixy.
Lol! The tax cut is a red herring. I have seen nothing in my pay check and I have worked hard in child welfare for 25 years. College costs are outrageous and you are doing nothing to work on student loan debt or COA. You are a joke
1) Betsy, that's not the truth dear.  The @GOP tax cuts includes reductions of the deductions taxpayers can make for state and local taxes as well as provisions that would expand 529 savings plans.
That’s something you have to take up with your “State”. Or at least explain to me why I have to pay more taxes to subsidize your tax break.
What the hell do you know about a hard-earned salary? You’re a spoiled little rich girl who married into an even richer family. You’ve  never earned a single callous or bruise trying to feed your family or keep a roof over their head, or even provide them with school supplies.
So tell me, with the increase in our paychecks, where is the money coming from? There has to be balances. But derp on me, it's gonna come from programs that help the disabled, old, & poor. Silly me! #Cretins
You are a walking talking contradiction.  And I don’t pay taxes but I know that in our bear schools we don’t look to save for a cub’s Education we provide the resources to the public cub schools so they can provide the best education possible.
Bears should pay the bear tax.

I pay lots of taxes. And Betsy wants to take those tax dollars to arm teachers against you.

Betsy pays less tax because she bought some senators and congressmen.

Thanks for your service to the country Secretary Betsy!
You mean the service to her family's fortune right?
@RepGaramendi: #TaxDay reminder: Speaker Ryan wants to pay for his massive tax giveaway to the wealthy and huge corporations by cutting Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid.
how does this address our education issues directly? Be specific please
I bet your returns were tasty.

