They are not teaching! They are putting politics & personal views into lessons & books! It's urgent you oversee this, nothing is more important than our children! This is something that needs attention, too many children being used for politics!
Readers coming across this piece of crap data graphic, please note:

• Double y-axis, always a red flag

• Over-wide scale for test score y-axis to make it look flat when it isn’t

• Cherry-picked 4th grade reading, flattest score they could find

More:
The “correlation is causation game” is for the stupid and those trying to con them — I leave it for the reader to figure out which DeVos is — but if you want to play that game for fun, choose a different scale, cherry pick a different test score, and you get this instead:
As parents we are ready for the solution.  As a military family, moving school choices are not good for our kids.  It is so frustrating. I am rooting for you to make a change.
Please do something about the public education in this country the s hools are out of control no discipline bad teachers bullying everything hidden why is no one addressing these issues???
But, the leftist indoctrination seems to be very successful.
@realDonaldTrump is she really the best you could find?  Can I submit my resume for review?  I’m interested in this position.
You have NO idea what you’re talking about. Please resign. So embarrassed to have you in this job.
When you factor in inflation there has barely been an increase in per pupil spending, so if more spending means better scores, there hasn't been enough done to see that improvement #mathishard
Pretty sure they factored the inflation hence the term constant 2015-16 dollars. “#Mathishard. Why people vote for things - they don’t understand.
And it's nothing you can help with since you're totally unqualified for your job.
What’s your solution? Without using the word “choice.”
About that 800 pound, illegal aliens and their offspring, elephant in the room...
Gurl, you need a better education
Rise? How about we get #Respect back in our #publicschools? I live in #NewYork....long story short I had to remove my son for his safety #Violence & #Drugs r rampant. How r they to learn? Now we pay private. @NYGovCuomo #EndCommonCore
Not http://correct.One  of the problems is the liberal attitude of liberals which my daughter and granddaughter are a part http://of.My  husband was a teacher but he didn't agree with unions etc.There is no easy fix.I am so sorry but we even had issues in Ohio
Oh absolutely They create their own curriculum. I'm not lying.  #TruthBeTold For real. They bring politics into every single classroom now.  It's insane!!! You wouldn't believe it. Betsy, do you pop in unexpected?  You really should. Ask children privately
Get #Marxism out of our schools!
Get rid of Common Core!  #CommunistCore and so many #StandardizedTests
Our kids are being dumbed down!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They're being INDOCTRINATED not educated.
Go get em Betsy
End COMMON CORE!
Stop funding #CommonCore It's affecting our children!!! Our teachers. Our schools. I've seen drastically negative changes in #NewYork over the years since the #Obama admin introduced this! #WakeUpAmerica @realDonaldTrump
#EndCommonCore
Gov. #Scott: “#CommonCore Out in #Florida”

That's a fantastic move on their part.  I have my children opt-out of exams in #NewYork. Many parents & teachers agree. Time 4 Change in #NY …
Looks like some well educated people have issue with your misuse of graphing. Stop twisting the data so it fits your narrative. Please just stop.
Over population of OUR SCHOOLS, bye non-American Citizens, where the parents aren't paying or supporting their local schools don't help!  The School system isn't designed to Babysit, Feed students! Parents need too take care of their Children!!
No more common core and standardized test. For once why dont you do your job and make the smart choice

Why don’t we stop trying to manage another crappy liberal department and just get rid of it. Clearly it’s another poor idea that we are trying to keep afloat because we are scared of trying something new. Let’s stop being crazy.
You should visit a classroom before making generalized statements. 
I did. It’s kind of a requirement for all citizens to go to school, dumbass. I also have a kid that will be starting school here in a couple years and have been preparing on where to send him (public/private)... nice try though teacher, go smoke some more pot.
That graph is a little misleading. Overall spending is growing 9% per half decade, with a 6% decay in the last 5 years. Scores are steadily improving 1% per half decade. We can certainly be doing better, but spending growth doesn't seem to be the issue.
Well you should research Finland schools. You know nothing about schools or teaching.
We know this idiot...what are you doing to prevent it!
school districts have to much power and giving power to the states when you took office harmed us Ms Devos
This is how you’ll justify taking more money away from public schools, huh?
Due to YOUR great leadership! Resign before you end up in prison with the Prez!
So what then is your plan?
any Sec of Ed using meaningless test scores as a political hammer, should be fired.
Judging student progress by test-taking is going to be the downfall of any increase in learning especially critical thinking. The problem is when a child is Young and has no schooling and asks.  Why is sky  blue? Why is grass green? That causes learning.
You are literally suggesting that the highest yielding, lowest risk long term investment is not worth it. Pay techers enough to steal talent from white collar jobs, dismantle unions, invest in our future.
Fake news you dingbat
What's up with the dual Y-axes?
Depends on what you spend $ on. Scores will rise if full employment at living wage Until then,  invest in food programs, medical care, libraries = protect children from the effects of poverty .@DavidCBerliner @ChildDefender @ChrisTienken
what do these numbers mean?  This graph kind of sucks.
Graph does suck. I think its trying to show that test scores don't improve when the spending per student increases. However, it doesn't take into account improved quality of life and doesn't measure improved academic performance. There is more to education than test scores
agreed.  It also doesn't address the fact that the tests themselves may be an issue.
True. I've sent some of Jackson's test or assignments back to school because the questions and/or explanations are so poorly worded, that even I had no idea what they were asking. I sent one back last month where the explanation was just flat out wrong.

Maybe just maybe, and by maybe I mean I’m absolutely positive the tests are the problem. Not the educators and not the students. Also, maybe we could COMPLETELY fund Education. And my maybe I mean we absolutely should fully fund education

The students, the schools, the teachers of America sure cannot rely on an incompetent imbecile like you to solve this. Your scores infer what, that you look to cut teachers and schools to save a dime so that these tax dollars saved could be used for tax cuts for the rich right?
WHEN WE CLOSED SCHOOLS & BUILT PRISONS " WE TOOK THE FOOD & EDUCATION THE CHILDREN NEEDED " YOUR INVESTING IN THE PAST NOT THE FUTURE " ! THE GOV'T PUT OUR EDUCATION BEHIND THE WORLDS !
You could make it feasible for teachers to educate our way out of, but how the hell do you and your pals make money off of that, right?!
On come on now Betsy ... buying America's youth is cheaper than what you paid... DO THE MATH
& for those saying "correlation isn't causation," regarding the @BetsyDeVosED $$ graph, I agree.

But the omitted variable (advantage) should be + correlated with both more $$ and higher test scores. So the bias in the $$ graph should make it easier to detect an effect of more $$
Buy a dictionary. Look up hypocrisy.
Says billionaire heiress who spent more money sending her kids to private schools and private colleges that all spend more money on their schools and students. https://twitter.com/educationweek/status/984796886086250497 …
& for those saying that recent research "shows" that money matters, think again.
K12 regs have increased by ~1200%.
#NAEP scores flat.
This chart is even more intriguing than the one showing the per-pupil funding trend line
It's definitely a much larger increase!
This is your job to help fix this, not just hightlight the problem.  Take a look at Norway.  They spend the same $ per student, but have a 9:1 student teacher ratio, higher test scores, and less bullying.
And we urgently need history and civics back in our curriculum
So you’ve listed things we’re not going to do... so what WILL you do? So far you’ve just promoted schools for the best and brightest and then said everyone is failing. How do you still have a job? #HowDoesSheStillHaveAJob #TrumpsFoolCabinet #TrumpsMorons #TrumpsCrookedCabinet
Just stop!  You do not know how to read test scores, disaggregate the findings, or make correlations.  No one believes your propaganda you self-serving hack.
The NAACP backs up its call for a moratorium on charter schools with something often missing in today's political environment - facts.
It's unbelievable that we have a SoE who ACTIVELY WANTS TO DEFUND public schools. Shame on you.
Are you really so stupid that you think that if we paid teachers more, kids wouldn't get a better education?  So clearly customer service is the same at McDonalds vs a 5 star restaurant.  Or $20 buys the same quality clothes that $200 can.  Did you even graduate grade school?
If spending doesn’t yield student success as you insinuate, why funnel it to charter schools? They shouldn’t need it to succeed any more than any public school, right?
P.S...If you had 1/10th of the education you should have to serve in your position, you would never have posted such a bogus graph .
And you will certainly be no help to correct
We really need to turn schools back over to our states & communities.  Get rid of the BOE altogether.
#AbolishTeacherUnions 
#AbolishCommonCore
Parental school choice please! No more govt choice by zip code!
#AbolishTeacherUnions 
#AbolishCommonCore
That’s what happens when you define public education for profit gaining scams called #charterschools
BULLSHIT!  BULLSHIT!  Pay teachers better and the nation will start attracting better teachers that make a difference.  The best and brightest women used to be nurses or teachers NOW they have other options!  So why choose a High stress job !
NBC says only 37% of senior students can read well. Betsy DeVoss must change US education. Time is running so fast. This change should be done yesterday. #betsydevosschoolimprovements
Um, Betsy, you probably don't know this, but your handlers certainly do: The scales on this graph have been purposely distorted to remove the strong tracking the data actually shows between spending and scores.
Ms. DeVos.   Common Core and its standardized ill-defined measurements continue to students behind.  This "learning" program does not work to benefit basic education.  In fact, I say it's dumb-ing down American Students. 

Repeal Common Core and sever it ties to money grabbers.
Feds, DeptEd, DeVos have no control to interfere with local choices like Common Core. WHY do you want them to dictate local choices?
Then be a good puppet and do away with everything so your master DT the enemy of the USA but friend to Russia can give the money to all his rich friends. Derrp
Agree with you 100 percent Betsy.
So why are we funding public ed? Give parents responsibility, choice, voucher now!
Look, they’ve stagnated since before “No Child Left Behind.” Spend on stuff that works, don’t spend on tests that benefit you, and for god sakes your charter schools suck at all of the above. Spend a half a second in my class and I’ll show you how it’s done.
Um, how about we require scientific peer reviewed researched based curriculums for all students? #1in5 #saydyslexia #adhd
4th grader can only retain so much information, doesn't matter if it is 1990's or 2010's, they are the same kids.
Betsy, here’s anRead research by @sallyshaywitz @GaabLab & MIT Dr. Gabrieli re: the science of reading. Then require (& enforce) all Schools 2 provide multi-sensory, systematic, structured-literacy programs. Evidence-based is best...hint, @LexiaLearning, Orton-Gillingham, etc.
Soo what’s your grand plan than? Guy public schools for charter schools?
Here’s a thought: what if we just stop getting into it?
Reading Scores?=Do Tell.
We @CityofJax Florida A+ Grade04 Math=*1st Place in Nation*?
Trump's small grammar=improvements, big reporting faucet if used correct.
>@oed Complete,+@GitHubAPI+@internetarchive!
@MobiSystems $10 @Android @AppleEDU @AmazonKDP
@ahdictionary @HarperCollins
Read these replied. They are right. #DumpDevos
Hello......your stats show that in 25 years the spending level has gone from about $7K to $12K and while its adjusted dollars it certainly doesn’t make your point that money doesn’t help. Again, had you visited any average public city schools you’d see that they need MONEY!
hmmm.. looks like common core isnt helping
WE are telling U
You have NO clue 
Don’t compare us
Judge us 
Interpret us

WE have been decades in a fight for r  youth 
Our nation 
Our future 
ASK and listen to USofALL 
American veteran EDUCATORS 
THEN you’ll get 
BETTER job performance 
We can’t afford to lose 
OUR Youth
Spend the money on federally mandated full-day pre-k and kindergarten. That’s where it will pay the biggest dividends. Get high-quality public education started early for every American.
Quite seriously, you tweet more than a Mynah on Crystal Meth. 
It must leave u absolutely drained & unable to formulate Ed policy not limited to 280 characters. 
Take a week off & come up w/something other than useless graphs. We'll hold your place...
SHE'S RIGHT!
#Rise2018 ?? **chuckling..oh,we're going to 'rise' alright. Throw you out
If only someone where in the position who knew something about this and provided appropriate guidance in how to fix it...
You are a straight up  show! Bad sound bites coupled with the fact that you have no idea about leadership or education. #RISE2018
How are you going solve this? Hopefully not like Michigan or we are all in trouble
I’m pretty sure you can spend your way out of this....better pay & better facilities will make a difference. Just ask the teachers.
Chart has some enormous flaws best refuted by research by @SchlFinance101 & @KiraboJackson Data in the hands of simpleminded education commentator is worse than ignorance itself because it will mislead others.  But will fight fire with fire in my next post.
Only in recent decades have we forced schools to educate and test all students.  Students with special needs--disability, ELL, poverty, homeless--cost more to educate. During recession, poor students became the majority in public schools. DeVos chart nonsensical w/o this data.
Oh... and that graph, that graph (see old post here:  https://schoolfinance101.wordpress.com/2011/04/08/dumbest-real-reformy-graphs/ …)  Yeah... this is one of the most frequently debunked, and simply dumbest, graphs in all  school finance lore.
And here's the short version summarizing research on money matters: https://learningpolicyinstitute.org/sites/default/files/product-files/How_Money_Matters_REPORT.pdf …
well we tried 'thoughts and prayers' and that didn't work either. we will never teach christianity in public schools again, get over it.
Clearly time to change the tests . . .
What are we going to do!!! Say a solution!
Maybe he reading test should be on grade level instead of two grade levels above the testing grade...
So you think if you starve schools of funding and provide no oversight that they will magically get better? Resign.
Do you understand how standardized tests should be used? No, because you know nothing about education.
Hey Bets! Just use some of all your money and help the Wonderful Teachers.  When you’ve done that how about just go to hell home... okay. great 
Your report card gloriously tanked to level zero a while back.
Betsy, I don't believe you are listening, or someone else is handling your page. Where is the promise of vouchers? I have grandchildren STUCK in Public Schools, with no way financially to get out.
So your solution is........?????
@mlnott08 and not something we should TEST our way out of either. Actually listen to educators that are doing the work.
That is what a right wing agenda does to education. It's time to stop politicizing education.
I guess that only works for rich people "problems" like buying jobs, friends, etc.....cool.
Get rid of the high-stakes testing. Look at the structure of Finland’s educational system for ideas.
If we taxed you and your shitty family and gave the money to public schools and not shitty charter schools it absolutely would fix the problem. You're somehow both rich and a failure.
Glad you recognize throwing money at the problem doesn't work and instead try & focus on research-based strategies (tested & proven IF followed through on) to identify effective & ineffective #teaching practices & individuals & reward accordingly! Gotta dice deeply to make change
There is a way out! Stop assessments! Teach foundation and mastery!
Betsy shove your head all the way up your ass. Teachers are not being selfish you ignorant little rich girl. Teachers are striking to save public schools and more importantly the students from imbeciles like you. Have a good day.
YOu know ZERO about public schools !
what a crock....we can't spend our way out....ARE YOU KIDDING? kids using 10 year old texts and schools open only four days a week? How clueless are you?
How can we promote free college education ? Government unable to create solutions to the student loan crisis. Crickets don't hear a peep from anyone in leadership. @TiffanyATrump Tiffany for Senate !  @TiffanyATrump
gee, I wonder what is going wrong with  society?
If like to own a chain of 7-11 stores in Florida, can someone be my financial investor ?
How can the kids possibly learn under the constant threat of grizzly bears ?
Maybe just stop testing them and teachers teach.
There is no accountability to the students; test scores mean nothing to them, they pass anyway so why bother?
Accountability?  That is so 1988!  Just give us the money and let us hide behind a Californian Dashboard Accountability scam in which scale score points get shifted from the high performing Asians and Reclassified students to the the English Learner. Get with the system Betsy!
Our kids aren’t test scores.
Poverty plays a huge role in test scores! We have more Ss in pOVERty than ever before at 51% across the US.
Please, look at the root.
Here is a similar graph without the nonsensical scaling.

http://educationnext.org/could-disappointing-2017-naep-scores-due-to-great-recession/ …
what are the principles that should drive axis scaling?
The scale should not be so distorted that it obscures trends in the data.  The data should fill up the area of the graph (not be scrunched up as test scores are here). I can dishonestly make any line look flat if I stretch the axis out. Why have the second Y-axis go to 275?
The problem is a practically marginal change in a variable can also be made to look substantial by changing the scale. Got to have some context.
There is no excuse for that absurd scale....full stop! Agree regarding context.
Oh my - another Cato graph scaling NAEP scores in percent growth over base...(they used similar approach in their version of spending/NAEP graph).  Have they absolutely no concept of assessment scaling? (we know the answer)
Ridiculous. Not to mention the cherry-picking: using age 17 scores when both groups of younger kids (age 9 and 13) show gains.
Those gains would be invisible in that scale
Our children are suffering because the political agenda that is running our schools. Please do the right thing and allow more school choice and allow parents who would like to use private schools to divert the money they would be paying for public school to their tuition cost.
One size doesn't fit all,  right?  Then get rid of standardized tests.......
Standardized testing isn't perfect. But, it allows us to see not just students, but teachers progress as well. Stop making excuses for not being able to pass a basic standard test. There may be reasons. But you refuse to address them as well

Let’s get this POS out! No experience! Doesn’t care for the working people. Just self interest. Trump likes to throw the word disgrace around a lot. She is the true meaning of disgrace! Disgusting! The constant smile just makes her look like a bitch!
We’re certainly not going to fix it with you “Leading” the charge
DO SOMETHING !!!
Your plan?
More photo ops!
I apologize to the good people on this link (not Betsy D.) for my awful language but I can't stand this woman!
Fuck her and the silver spoon she rode in on...sorry for the mixed metaphor
Agree. Poor discipline & parental support when discipline is needed is a problem. Better teacher training & weeding out poor teachers is another. Putting programs ahead of good teaching practices has hurt & is costly. Sped programs are over utilized. Esl students lower results.
Some of the parents of today don’t put enough time and hard work into disciplinary matters concerning the children.  The main focus seems to be else where. If there is no disciplinarian in the development process it all fall short both at home and at the school levels.
Absolutely!
You are the reason we have failing schools, not Betsy. She’s new on the scene. Where’s the money Obama promised to help schools? I hope you don’t have children, I would worry for their safety with your anger issues.
Thanks, Grandma! Mom said to say stop drinking and tweeting- you're not making any sense and embarrassing yourself
Troll
Well yeah, but I also make some really good points
So where’s the money Obama promised schools? Where’s your state, community and your responsibility in seeing to it your children have what they need?
What money did Obama promise to education and not deliver? Words words words
You are trifling.
Nor vouch our way out ! #novouchdevos
#Resign2018
Which means that you’re going to do what?
Vouchers will just make it worse and push school taxes through the roof for property owners.
Or try to learn from textbooks that crumble in your hands? Is there no money to spare from your corporate cronies who stand to profit from privatizing? These schools will continue to suffer, as will the children.
That’s a community and state problem. Your state school board needs to step up and do their job.
Yes, thanks to your “Exquisite Educational Leadership!”  Ha!
You have no idea how to do it. Get out.
I see. A dig at the teachers in Oklahoma? Money would pay for much needed repairs to the teaching environment. Would you want to go to school here?
Statements with no ideas or solutions.  As the Secretary of Education you might need to start throwing out ideas, no?
Agree!
Because it's you and your master that don't know what you are doing
Fix it Mrs Betsy.....we got your back.
Does this mean you’re leaving? Oh please, oh please, oh please! We need funding...we need regulations...we don’t need (or want) you! If I haven’t mentioned it before, please remember that you have zero qualifications for your job!
With you in charge it will get worse sadly
Proof?
That why the school system is more of a degrading system then education system happens in every socialist takeover of a country. It's a Alinsky process. It starts at the top and rolls down hill. Leadership gets an F
Standardized test scores are a measure of social and financial status. Fix poverty and racism and they might go up. In addition, you should resign. #RESIST2018
Proof?
Well, 'thoughts and prayers' is still the go-to response for people of your Party, so.....Or a seance or exorcism at each underperforming school, in keeping with your preferred ideology. Then again, we could just fire your sorry, unqualified ass.
It's also not a problem that a person with zero relevant experience and qualifications is going to be able to solve.

Please resign. Do it for the kids.
Get the Union out of school and have competition so we can weed out the bad teachers.
Get rid of tenure so poor teachers can be removed.
Stop believing the lies those in support of using public tax dollars for private education are feeding you. Poor teachers who are tenured are easy to get rid of. 
Tenure protects good teachers.
Where does this work though? Most administrators don’t take the time or have the time to weed out poor teachers.
How did you choose the scale on the right? It seems an odd match for the data. With different intervals, this graph could tell a very different story.
It was chosen with the direct intention of misleading the general public
So that wasn’t just me who thought that. Thanks. Hoping @BetsyDeVosED would clarify because it very much seemed intentionally misleading.
more proper teaching and cancel political lecturing our youngsters. OBAMA is gone, believe it or search for him in a Banana Republic
What period is Political Lecturing? What textbook is used?
Let me guess...charter schools will help solve this correct?
Give the per pupil funding to caring parents! Give us school choice and Vouchers! You will see higher test scores!
#PoorTeachers across this country?  They are working with the future generation of Country, They have  much responsiblity, delapatated schools, books, furniture, HELP!  @realdonaldtrumpl @betsyDevosed No comment shame on you both! ! @cnn
My daughter taught Kindergarten for fourteen years, Betsy. She has a  Bachelor's degree and a Master's degree. Get back to us when you have the same education and professional background on your CV. 1/2
PS...She worked hard for her education and she was a dedicated educator; her students came first.
She earned her salary every day. She was not handed her job on a silver platter because she "paid to play."
Wow, you really think that Betsy needs to do this job, especially with the verbal abuse she gets from people like you? There’s nothing in it for her except a chance to make a difference. Be a part of the solution, not a drag on society by being rude and uncivil.
She bought her job. She paid to play. She "collected on her investment." It was handed to her on a silver platter. She was tasked by POTUS to dismantle the Dept. of Eduction by the end of this year. She wants to kill public schools by defunding them in order to... 1/x
...to move those funds to vouchers for charters. She experimented in Michigan (her home state btw) and devastated public schools. Don't get on your Christian high horse with me when you know nothing about her background. Save your devotion to St. Betsy for church.


I can do this all day.
This is because teaching to the test never works. Also, active shooter drills are disrupting and horrifying #nogunsinschools #GunControlNow
Grandparents of these kids went thru school drills in case of nuclear war. They were ok. They still managed to build the greatest country ever known.
And 45 & c are dismantling it in record time. Btw, I’m one of those grandparents. Study your history
I know history well. I also know we spend more on education then ever before. Kids r not smart Nothing in her tweet was incorrect, but she gets ripped for it with no facts behind the opposing tweets. 
Not a debate for Twitter. Not enough space allowed. That's why it's so popular
Get the SJW indoctrination out and learning in. Teach civics- required. Teach actual history not SJW history.
What textbook do they use for SJW History?
I appreciate your honesty. Too, often I don't politicians, teachers, or Ammon saying it's a money issue. Most school districts have plenty money, it's how they're spending it that needs to change.
Please go back to Grand Rapids. And stay there!
No, but they might improve if there was a competent Secretary of Education instead of a rich shyster determined to destroy public education nation-wide in order to make she and her fellow faudsters wealthier!
Betsy DeVos's report card shows she is immensely unqualified to be performing the tasks of the Secretary of Education. You can't spend your way out of this problem, but you can donate your way right into it. What a fiasco Trump has created.
#Resist #BlueWave #NotMyPresident #FBR
@realDonaldTrump       If you cant regulate your way out of it then you have no imagination. Obama regulated us into it?
Right. We need to fundamentally change the approach to teaching and learning. We already spend more per student than other countries. It’s not equating to better learning. A paradigm shift is necessary and accountability is key.
RESIGN
@SchlFinance101 has done lots of work on the effects of spending on education, if anyone is interested in more than empty rhetoric:

https://www.aft.org/sites/default/files/ae_spring2016baker.pdf …
Not spending on our schools is what got us here Betsy.  Why are teachers having to provide out of pocket for basic teaching needs?!  How about spending on thing that matter like education and not spending on wars for the rich.
My God in Heaven, Secretary! What kind of crack are you on to say you can't spend or regulate your way out education shortfalls. Everybody knows you are strangling both. Can't you remember what you are there for? Resign now.
You are the product of private education and a warning to all how important public education is to our future.
Are there opportunities to discuss education in the near future? I'd love to share some ideas as a solution oriented person #STEM #RISE2018 #STEMeducation #STEMed Thanks!
Please do all us a favor....
Is inflation taken into account in these dollars amounts?
Betsy... you are in over your head.
You just revive crisis rhetoric of A Nation At Risk, by promoting a more negative view of the national education scene. Based on the 20 yr history of Gallup polling on education, you should explain why the majority is satisfied with kids in public education and not school choice.
Because the majority doesn’t know what the truth is. They are too busy living life to pay much attention.
RESIGN Betsy! YOU are ruining public schools and you are absolutely CLUELESS! Americans are fick and tired of this Administration and ALL the CORRUPTION! Get TF out! #ResignDeVos
*Sick
You are living proof that she is right.
Oligarch DeVos, what was Spectrum Health doing with Trump servers in 2016?
California holds the basement floor all by itself, & yet the CDE will get the ESSA approval to continue the #CAEducationFailure #EpicFail #LoweringTheBar
Only 19% of 8th graders taking Algebra 1in 2017 down from 54% in 2013.
National Data Explorer tools https://www.nationsreportcard.gov/ndecore/shareredirect?su=NDE&sb=MAT&gr=8&fr=2&yr=2017R3&sc=MRPCM&ju=NT-NP-AL-AK-AZ-AR-CA-CO-CT-DE-DC-DS-FL-GA-HI-ID-IL-IN-IA-KS-KY-LA-ME-MD-MA-MI-MN-MS-MO-MT-NE-NV-NH-NJ-NM-NY-NC-ND-OH-OK-OR-PA-RI-SC-SD-TN-TX-UT-VT-VA-WA-WV-WI-WY&vr=MATCRS8-false&st=RP-RP&sht=REPORT&urls=xplore&mi=false&svt=true&nd=0&vl=SHORT&yo=DESC&inc=NONE&up=true&sm=false …
