If you really wanna make the Department of Education (@usedgov) great again........bring this book back. 
Rational Americans, in fact, do see something. You’re unfit for this. RESIGN!
Betsy, What is done for changing school education? Time is running fast. Less than 3 years left. Nothing done so far. Endoctrination continues.
She made a comment about something we all should be happy about and agree with. But you all attack her for no reason and don't back what you say with any facts. That's the Twitter troll community.
I see some one under qualified for their job. Who should I tell?
Great job @Edelman11 !  Looking forward to @BetsyDeVosED plan on keeping students safe.
#resign and #goaway
https://youtu.be/ZEWseO1w-Ns  | I have a question | Will you be able to support #students with #specialneeds when they aren't given a #classroom and #WHAT is the appropriate consequence for #leaders who can't make decisions that #support #everyone since that's my issue | that's IT #prt
You’re gross
And #BetsyDeVosSchoolImprovements sits on her hands when #GunControl and #MentalHealthNOW must be enacted.

* Re-instate funding for mental health!
* Tell #POTUS you want #GunReformNow
Schools you've encouraged to convert to Charters are disaster & they're also in cities with highest rates of violence, including mass shootings! Research showing how to prevent shootings without destroying #Constitution is available if you STOP STEALING! http://zacherydtaylor.blogspot.com/2018/04/active-shooters-used-to-chip-away-at.html …
I see someone who is trying to destroy public education- there I said something

Why don’t you do your duty and resign?
I see that you are a terrible failure, Betsy, and I have no problem saying it. I also have no problem reminding you of your incompetence and indifference.
It may be do or die time in November; I don't see one supportive comment here! If we don't run you out are you going to track us all down for telling the truth and disappearing us?
I see you are not qualified to run education, and I'm saying something

Oh, we like the NFL now?
Please don't ever mention @Edelman11 in your mouth again. He is too good for you.
Betsy, you are the opposite of this hero.
He's done more than you have, or will do for education. Unless, you resign. #hopeful
When will you learn??.......Thankfully...we're going to throw you the hell out of your office very soon ;)
Ok so you're going to throw her out when you couldn't even get Hillary in.
You have no new ideas to fix broken education but debate her reasoning for change. You just make empty claims.
No facts.
I personally believe ALL US citizens need to go though gun safety class before high school.
Since when have you become so concerned with the students well being? 
And he demonstrated something you never have...caring for our children.
#SeeSomethingSaySomething I’ve become a target of Broward County Schools for reporting a school employee falling down drunk & driving on multiple occasions on school property supervising minor students. Plus Principal & School Board refuses to investigate & interview witnesses!
@Edelman11, thank you.  You've done more for education than @BetsyDeVosED !!
Yet another Great Day for u to Resign. Our Children deserve better.
Thanks Betsy for being on the forefront of helping solve the issues of school violence. Thoughts and prayers......that there is always a football obsessed fan who posts his threat to a players feed
Baaaah. You make me ill.
I see that you are a terrible choice, Betsy, and you need to resign.  That did feel good.

Hypocrite. You support the politicians who put the NRA before the safety of school children.
Yes, he did the right thing and reported the threat!  He didn't go out and arm the teachers you twit!
Remember when you went to Parkland, his from the kids and wouldn’t answer a single question or  participate in any discussion? #Resign
Wait isn’t CNN Fake News?! I’m so confused who is a bear to believe?
I see a completely corrupt nincompoop heading the US Department of Education who wears a pasty vapid smile, has an agenda to undermine our nation's education standards, and runs away from reporters at press conferences.
Precisely!
That’s what we’ve all been saying! We have all seen how unqualified you are and are saying something! Resign!
Thank you!  See something. Say something. DO SOMETHING! God bless you.
All of America sees something. Your corruption, greed, and treason.
That's a lot of talk. Now back it up with actual proof in your comments. If the system was great before she got there, how does her idea gain ground with parents. Why do teachers send there kids to private schools?
Now how about you do your job or better yet resign!
Caring and alert people with good hearts and are pro-active.
Way to go Edelman!!
Wait .. thanks is needed.  But you just learned about his now based on a news report yesterday?  You’re supposed to be in charge how did you not hear about this at the time?  Shamefull!! @Fight4Goodness
I see that you are not willing to address the real problem. Why did that 14-year-old have guns? Children are DEAD and you continue to fall in line with what the NRA wants. More guns will result in more death. You are unqualified and compromised by your connections. Resign.
Betsy, 
Can we get back to teaching kids something other then hate.. common core made a generation of tide pod eaters.  They can’t add, no nothing of history , and most can’t change a lightbulb.  Political opinion of teachers should be a termination offense. 
Schools are failing
He’s more qualified for your job than you are.
Useless. Keep guns out of schools. Even those with grizzlies in attendance. Your brother’s crimes that got you into office seal your fate & what i hope is a short tenure. #DumpDevos
Good job!!
your brother hires foreign mercenaries to kill people....

Don’t breed.
.@BetsyDeVosED How about praising the teachers that are staying with SpEd students during strike in OK or that schools, bus drivers, and teachers are still delivering and serving meals to those in need despite the strike? #supportOKteachers

.@BetsyDeVosED Are you not going to comment or lend support to striking or disgruntled teachers in several states?
I see something too, and NRA that does not give one shit about our kids

It’s always good to know that there is a competent Law Enforcment agency somewhere out there. @browardsheriff should take notes.

And thank you, @Edelman11 for your role in thwarting a possible attack!
if you’re in power, actually do something. #teachersvsgrizzlies
Btw, I am sorry for how those savage lib's conducted themselves during the budget hearing w/ you. They are the face of mental illness in our public education system! Keep working on vouchers/choice to free our children from their vice grip into MARXISM! Thank you for everything!
Betsy, you’re the biggest  stain the Department of Education has ever seen.
Get rid of the Obama dangerous, insane guidance too! He & Holder allowed for these horrifying scenario's to take hold in our PS's. Only ppl with half a brain cell aren't aware of what his intent was. Violent kids need both discipline & help! Not idiots looking the other way!
As a matter of fact, I do see something...

#Resist
@Betsy I think you are a class act! Unlike the trash we see trying to pass off as so called "educators" today like in my kids HS where an AP honors English teacher put her students in front of this video 2 wks ago. I reported her, a lot good that did tho.
You suck hard, Betsy.
Yet, although every day you see you are incompetent, you cling to power. Do something. Resign.
Did you really get the job because your husband was able to get a back channel to Russia for Trump? Either way, you're a joke, you have no clue. You're an embarrassment to hard working educators everywhere.
Yes, she did. And it was her brothdr, Eric Prince. Waiting for him to be indicted and @BetsyDeVosED to be Tweet-fired.
Her being tweet fired would be one of the best days of the last year and a half.
Congrats on basically giving kids the kind of education that puts them on par with football players who have massive head injuries.
I wish you’d go back to your pyramid scheme money and stay out of the public forum. Your policies destroy lower income area schools and you e never even visited one! Irresponsible but then you only care about money rather than education & kids
I think Armed Guards and metal detectors are the only way to go

Resign
In one instance, Julian Edelman has done more to stop school shootings than Ms. Devos has done in her entire tenure.
Cripes, not only what Edelman did was right in his one interaction with schools, everything this woman does is to the detriment of the school system.

