Unlike yourself Betsy who is the worst person America could have in your position who is dismantling and withdrawing vital protections in place to support marginalized students.
Too bad you didn't get schooled by Mrs. Bush!
Something you never will be
She was everything you are not. So ponder that...
Something you could only dream of being. All I can say is you need to resign.
Show your respect by not destroying education in this country
She did not discriminate. Would never have supported your racist, bigoted, homophobic polices. How can you just dismiss cases you find burdensome? How can you not support these students walking out? We need women with guts and hearts - not big bank accounts to be our leaders
You will never be the class of woman Babs was. You're a disgusting person. You make me sick and are only in this job for yourself, you selfish cow.
Barbara Bush is more than you will ever be.
You are right. You two have nothing in common.
Barbara bush hated the entire trump administration.   that includes you.
It's sad that you have none of the qualities you listed!
She did more to improve literacy in USA than you ever will. You are destroying education for your own sick repulsive profit, while she helped the poorest of the poor for the betterment of our country not her bottom line. I'd bet she rebuked you in the strongest ways imaginable.
"If more people could read, write, and comprehend, we could be much closer to solving so many of the other problems our country faces today."  Barbara Bush worked hard to promote literacy and supported public education.  Give it a try!
It would be fab if you followed in even a few of her footsteps regarding educative initiatives.
I wonder if Barbara Bush saw your disastrous interview on 60minutes and  what her thoughts about you.
I second that, very well said!
Barbara Bush worked to advance literacy among all people.
Betsy DeVos works to dismantle public education.
In other words, she was a complete antithesis to you, yep!
You’re an extreme antithesis to Barbara Bush. #DrainTheSwamp
You are right.  @BetsyDeVosED
How about using her Classiness as a Role Model instead of making fun of her style?
Everything you wrote is everything you're not.
Boy, you want to see something foul, all you need do is go to a Republican's Twitter feed and read the Democrats' comments.  Simply repulsive, anti-American and full of hate and bigotry.
Ms. Betsy DeVos @BetsyDeVosED, is there anything you can do about this Marxist indoctrination going on in the Department of Education?  

...................
In case you didn’t think there was an effort going on in public schools to indoctrinate kids with an anti-conservative agenda, a friend of mine took pictures and highlighted parts of this AP US History book. 
In her honor RESIGN you are the antithesis of her .....#BettyDevosResign #MoneyCabinet #Pyramidschemequeen #Education #PublicSchoolsareourfuture
I'm amazed you can recognize someone with character as you have none. Resign! You are a horrible person not good enough to even say her name.
She was. You are not. #RethinkDeVos unqualified and bribed her way into a seat she never earned and doesn't belong in. Dishonor to all who served and earned it like Barbara Bush.
Be honest. You thought she was an actual bush (a shrubbery) until you saw the picture, right? 

What I'm saying is that you're stupid. You may have missed that due to your being stupid.
You could learn a lot from her about education. You should try it b
We agree on this and little else. Please learn from her.
Unlike you.
Beautifully written!!
It was written by someone who went to public schools before there was a Betsy DeVos tearing them apart.
Unqualified, spoiled, poorly educated = Betsy.
She was, you are not.
And I’m sure she loathed you and the purchase of your position
And then came you.
The polar opposite of you, Betsy. #devostation
You don't deserve to speak her name.. she loathed you
She was everything you’re not or will ever be
You can honor her by stepping down.  I am an independent but voted for her husband twice.  She was an exceptional lady.
You should aspire to be 1/10th the woman that she was
Lifelong learning —something you know anything about at all. #ResignMORON
You are the opposite @betsydevosed. You are a entitled rich person from rich parents. Take your money and go away.
Nothing like you at all, you horrid woman. Resign.
Didn't she advocate for strong public schools? I wish you would do the same instead of tearing out whatever you can of our public education system.
If you only had 1% of the positive qualities Mrs. Barbara Bush had you might be worth a shit.
What’s with the rogue “for,” Betsy?
Beautiful post! May she Rest In Peace!
America Hates You.
OMG. Your grammar is completely wrong in this tweet. Disgraceful!
I too am experiencing teacher tremors from the wording of this tweet 
She was a classy lady for sure.... Too bad we cannot say the same about a woman that bought her position, and is trying to ruin our nations schools with her right wing overly religious agenda. #StopBitchBetsyDeVos #AmwayIsNotOurWay
I never hear of anything u are doing 4 the kids. You need to stop all this left wing crap the teachers are teaching our kids. They need to be told teach what is in the books and keep your liberal crap on politics to yourself or you are fired @realDonaldTrump you need to fix this
I think that you should probably head back to school for some additional grammar lessons. Absolutely atrocious, June.
Oh you must be a liberal.  They always want to check your grammar when they have nothing Worth saying vote red to make America great again
While you strive to increase illiteracy
No one will mourn you this way.
Or you lol.
Good one. Blocked.
And, you @BetsyDeVosED are her exact opposite. For all the good she did to educate all… You are a disgrace… And I think she knew it
ALL traits and characteristics you would know NOTHING about!
It is reprehensible that the left uses a moment like this to push their agenda. No respect or even common decency. Sad
Omg Stop. I am certain she thought you were a twit.
Too bad you did not learn a thing from her.
You’re missing some commas Betsy
Who cares, even your statement is grammatically incorrect you hypocrit.
*hypocrite
*hypocrite.
Rest In Peace Mrs. Bush.
