empty words from a cowardly man
#TakeAKnee
Look at all the snowflakes crying like babies  #MAGA

You do realize MLK’s relative backs up President Trump, Right?
You’re referring to his nephew and niece. They are not direct descendants of Dr. King and were raised in a different household with apparently different values. However, King’s children do support his views and continue his work. King raised them to value equality not destroy it.
This is rich, coming from you. Your legacy in Indiana was promoting, and even a poor attempt at legislating, inequality.
And he pouted and stomped out of a Colts game when the players silently protested inequality (on the taxpayers’ dime)!
It’s called Disrepect ! too many have given their lives for some black American millionaires to say they are oppressed and disrespect our anthem, flag, police etc The NFL is a liberal agenda organization. They will stop a football player taking a knee to pray. Hypocrites!

I straight-up blocked this clown. If you look at their account, they have zero tweets and only reply.
#Blocked
How do you balance this sentiment with the race-baiting, fear mongering politics that are regularly touted by the president and his administration? #MLK
Hypocritical gasbag. You staged a political stunt at a pro football game where players protested for equality, costing taxpayers millions in the process. You care only for a social Darwinistic world ruled through your interpretation of your religion.
They need to do that on their own personal time. What about being a bug brother to a child with no Father. Or helping out their community. Or just helping someone. No they want to obstruct!
1/2 Cutting taxes for corporations that already have billions in the bank they’re not investing to create jobs, cutting funding to Planned Parenthood to prevent more fatherless children, opposing adoptions by LGBT and leaving kids in foster care,
2/2  cutting funds to Big Brother/Sister programs, allowing CHIP to expire and trying to eliminate health care with no viable option to replace it.... yeah, the GOP really cares about kids.
Oh...and the GOP’s most meaningful effort to care for children—supporting a CHILD MOLESTER for Senate in Alabama!
Shush.

The adults are talking.

Aren’t you the one who walked out in protest because of the black athletes protesting racial injustices in a nonviolent fashion. #WTF #hypocrit
You can’t have it both way. Peaceful protest cannot occur only when the government decides it is appropriate.
Thank you Pence for having the courage to stand up for ALL Americans. Rather then faulted to the games of the elite.
If you’re insinuating Pence shouldn’t respect NFL players ability to peacefully protest because they’re rich, that’s ridiculous. NFL players took a knee as a peaceful protest against police brutality. To demonize one form of peaceful protest but praise another is hypocritical.
You mean groups like this
Thank You Mike Pence for being the great man and gentleman that you are!!!
How did you like Church service in Maryland? Did Dr. Maurice Watson. a real Christian, inspire you to speak out against trump's shithole comments? No? The fear of white supremacy is stronger than the love of God in you?
You would never have said these things if he were still alive. So disingenuous.
#impeachtrumpputinpencenow #MAGA
Were is your respect for Rev. king? His message was about Rev. King is wasn’t about the potus. He praised Rev.King for his efforts and accomplishment. If Rev. King would reply to you, I believe it would say........
SHAME ON YOU FOR CAUSING DIVISION IN THIS GREAT USA!
OK bot.
#Impeachtrumpputinpencenow #MAGA
KEEP SUCKING QTIP!
#slurp
#ShitholePresident 
#MLKDay
He must go through a shitload of Scope.
He buys it by the case & a lot of Tic tacs.
And I guess we're all supposed to FORGET that you walked out of a football game where players were kneeling to protest racial injustice ? You're a joke.
What about the people you keep trying to take rights away from? Apparently they weren’t created equal
Can you share with us, the community service project you were involved in today, to honor MLK, besides laying a wreath?
Should be ashamed to even speak the name of MLK.
To honor him, why dont you condemn the racist remarks made by @realDonaldTrump? In not doing so, this tweet is meaningless.

Shame on you Mr. Pence for always normalizing and justifying President Trump!
You walked out of a football game because a black man kneeled to protest discrimination. Your actions tell us what you think of Dr. King's message. Mark 7:6
Said the man who deliberately went to a football game so he could WALK OUT IN A HUFF when those men protested cops killing unarmed black men.

Sure.  Why not.
Sad
Heard you got taken to church today by #RevMauriceWatson while the #TeflonDon was golfing!
"To honor him, let's rededicate ourselves to the cause Dr. King selflessly advanced, that all men are created equal" ...oh yeah?
#MikePence

Indiana certainly knows who you are! 

Many many many Americans know who you are, Mike.

(#WhitesOnly on your family’s gas stations.) 
1) while this is a lovely video, you had to make it because Trump was do busy golfing today to honor MLK’s legacy. 2) clearly “the real memorial” doesn’t reside in your heart since you walked out of a Colts game because players were protesting racial injustice & police brutality
If you believe that all men are created equal, why did you walk out of a football game when players knelt to protest inequality? 

You don't have the slightest inkling of what real-life equality is. 
All you've spoken are empty words.

Dear @VP - was MLK residing in your heart when you walked out of the Colts game? “Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.” MLK’s words seem to be rooted in the reason those athletes took a knee. https://twitter.com/vp/status/952936625063055360 …
All men...as in immigrants, citizens who choose to kneel in peaceful protest, and women, right? It’d be great to see you and your boss lead the pack in this re-dedication you speak of. Why make America great again when you can make it a more perfect union instead? 
His memory kneels silently protesting during NFL National Anthem, to which you are offended.
Why disrespect our National Anthem, what does that prove?
So long as the don’t call your attention to it during a football game right?
.@VP Dear Mr. Vice-President. Please don't forget the part about you opposing vast majority of MLK's actual agenda, which was a radical critique of US economic and social inequality and militarism
This from a punk who stormed out of a football game where players were kneeling for equality.
You don't behave that way; nor do you believe it. Stop lying.
“You deplore the demonstrations that are presently taking place…but I am sorry that your statement did not express a similar concern for the conditions that brought the demonstrations into being.”
Seriously? We can’t wait to vote you and your boss out of office.
"I can't believe what you say, because I see what you do." 

James Baldwin
Lmao stfu
@MikePenceVP if you truly believe this tweet, and it wasn’t simply manufactured by a staffer, then why did you walk out during a peaceful protest by young African Americans, costing taxpayers thousands of dollars?
You walked out of a Colts game because NFL players were protesting for equality.
But some are more equal than others? #Hypocrite funny coming from the man who wouldn’t discourse with cast of Hamilton and attended a sporting event just to leave when players protested police brutality the most respectful way they knew.
Yet you denigrated all those men who protested the still prevalent institutional racism in this country by kneeling during the anthem - a peaceful, dignified protest. #hypocrisy #racism #youtoo
You could start by being critical of your president’s racism.
Hypocrite
Your actions are shouting much louder than your words. 
That's very rich coming from you, Mr. Vice President.  I don't think you understand what treating all people equally means.  You certainly don't model it in your daily life.
Apparently according to you, football players kneeling in protest aren’t created equal.
Your entire life is the antithesis of this great man.
Including #LGBT people? You seem to be OK with us not being treated as equals, Mr. VP. #Resist #Resistance #Bigotry #Racism
Listen to your pastor who raked Trump over the coals yesterday and deservedly so. I hope your prepared for what is to come
Is it true you were red faced at the sermon bc the Pastor legitimately criticized your boss? Do you deny the President made those comments?
What a joke; you work every day to stop his dream from becoming a reality. We see you!
Even the gay ones, and the trans ones... the lesbian ones, the bi ones. Except you... you are only equal to the #ShitholePresident
Sir, you want to honor MLK and what he stood for? It’s simple, keep your boss in check! It’s dangerous I know. And, scary. Especially in this climate. But, until you face the ugliness you’ve allied yourself with - your words ring hollow. How can you hope to command respect?
You know what would be a great start to this rededication? Stand up and speak out against Trump's overt racism.
Empty words coming from you pence. You've proven you have zero respect for Dr. King and his sacrifices. I know you don't believe or bother to understand the concept of equality.
Yeah, I saw your fake Christian racist butt turn red faced.
yet you stay strangely quiet when your boss destroys the idea behind MLK.  Where are your Christian values? If God is all knowing, where do you think you you stand in his eyes?
Tall and proud.
in regard to Trump, for the life of me, I don't know what you have to be proud about.  He is shameful.
Do you even understand Dr. King's "cause"? Shame on you for calling yourself a Christian and turning your back on the least of our brothers. Jesus told us to welcome the stranger and care for the sick and poor.
Mr Vice President, you're tha best, pray very hard not only for tha trump administration, but for our country as well, hopefully tha lord n heaven has very gd plan for tha U.S. god bless 
Oh the irony.
You’re fake AF.
You stand up there and make googly eyes at a racist every time I see you in public.  You will never be President so you can stop pretending to be someone you're not.  You are going to jail, too.
Didn't you walk out on a football game because of a protest?

#ShortTermMemory
Wait, what?  You walked out of a football game over a peaceful protest that was by people who long for a more  perfect union. You are a disgrace.  #soldyoursoulforpower
Wow! You don’t deserve the privilege to speak the unifying and inspiring words of MLK. If you truly believed in equality, you would have stayed at the football game and embraced the players that kneeled in protest for inequality and police brutality.
Do you know the meaning of what you hollowly say here?  What the NFL is doing, by taking a knee, is just that.  What are you doing?  We see through you.
You know we can see you right? And we saw that little stunt at the football game where you staged a walkout because you were angry at men who understood King's legacy.
As long as it is history we are talking about.. and not present day african-american athletes. 
#shameful. Your admin has rolled back the civil rights division of DOJ, pushed Muslim ban & you personally left a game when players asserted their right to peacefully protest social injustice. You have no right to invoke Dr King’s name. None.
#takeaknee ring a bell? #shitholeVP
Resign.

#HYPOCRITE
Come on...... Who's wrote this for you to say? It didn't come from your heart or soul. If it did, it's a huge surprise to everyone. You don't believe everyone is equal, if you do, you're working for the wrong person.
 if all these liberal  don’t like what @VP has to say, why do they follow him. Lol like he has time to read your cry baby tweets...  silly libs . #maga
You clearly have no idea what MLK stood for or against, so keep his name outcha mouth.

This from someone who allies himself with a proven racist and wants to discriminate against people because of the way they're born... you're not fit to mention Dr King's name
YOU are a liar. You do not care a flip for Martin Luther King Jr's dream. You only care about your rich donors and making all the $$$$$ you can from your position in office. You have NO integrity. You are just saying all these lies to look good. You are a fake. TREASON/PENCE
Today, Dr. King’s legacy is a guiding light. As we push and pull for a more just and more equal society, Dr King’s campaigns against war, against poverty, against racism show us that love is the universal value of a society at peace with itself.
REALLY? What about gay men? Black men? Muslim men? Non-Christian men? Oh, and what about women? Remember them? #ALLMenAreCreatedEqual
You shouldn't speak his name.
God is watching @VP 
A WIN FOR CANADA FIRST On Martin Luther King Day !

For Martin Luther King Day 
Justin Trudeau and The Canadian Fake News 
Put Canada & Canadians Under a RACIST False Flag attack .

The Canada First Twitter Team
 Quickly debunked this AGITPROP ATTACK as a FLASE FLAG Operation
What a honor to have been a part of Dr Kings Memorial
The day you stormed out of a football game because black athletes were protesting racism, you lost the right to name drop Martin Luther King.
You have to be joking, right? How can you say that when your commander on chief is ripping apart everything Dr.King stood for?
The height of hypocrisy! You and your running mate should rededicate yourselves to the cause. After your stunt, walking out of a Colts game (players non-violent flag protest) and your boss’ recent ‘shithole’ comments, you would both benefit from revisiting Dr. King’s message.
You do realize that saying this is the definition of hypocrisy. 

Ps. We don't believe or trust anything you say. I suggest you take your own advice.
Fuckery!!
Great response!
Anybody who refers to his wife as "mother" is not to be trusted. That shit is just creepy AF.

They look a lot alike.
What an hypocritical statement, he blindly supports the biggest #Racist that as ever resided in the #Whitehouse. #Pence is in urgent need of a spine donor.
Sorry, that shipped sailed when you walked out of the football game, for a player expressing his freedom of speech and kneeling during the anthem. 

Your words are hollow.

#ReleaseTheMemo 

All Americans want to see the memo
So in other words, you're only for peaceful protesters, if they're dead. Otherwise, you call them disgraceful and walk out.
Your a 
Like you believe that! Liar!

Please remember that all are created equal when you try to suppress voter registration using miniscule voter fraud as an excuse.
Your agenda takes rights and money away from everyone who isn't an old white man, everyone can see through your bullshit message here.
May I point out that Dr. King didn't say, "Only all straight white men are created equal." So maybe you shouldn't claim to have the same values he did.
I am so proud to see everyone calling out your lying, manipulative and deceitful character...uou are not fit to speak Dr. King' s name considering your political agenda is to destroy his dream.
@VP
You have no right.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/blogs/right-turn/wp/2018/01/16/why-its-important-to-publicly-shame-pence-and-others/?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.a84075e53285&__twitter_impression=true …
- it's all about the photo op. How phoney!
Do you remember you walked out of a football game, just because black athletes were protesting police brutality. You Don’t plays that hypocrisy well.
Says the man who staged a walk out of an NFL game where athletes were doing EXACTLY what King modeled. Is it hard being this big of a hypocrite?
Your tweet is both hilarious and offensive. There is nothing about MLK Jr you honor.
Today we remember Stormy Daniels, the porn actress who sacrificed an hour of her life for $130,000.
YOUR WORDS ARE WORTHLESS, YOU ARE ILLEGITIMATE, ALONG with that SCUMFUCK trump. WHEN you GET OUT of WH.WE (78%)of HUMAN beings AWAIT

So, how did you enjoy the sermon, Mike?
looking_for a professional a #Youtube_intro #video_intro #logo_animation #animated #logo for your #youtube_channel. Please check: https://goo.gl/huRHSl   & order now.
All men & women r created equal.Unfortunately neither U or #RacistPOTUS really believe this/U discriminate against so many/Keep #45 in check
You are a #FakeChristian. You are a #Hypocrite. You walked out of a football game because black men were protesting #PoliceBrutality.

You are #Complicit to #Conspiracy. You will go down, and we will enjoy watching your #Perpwalk.
#SOSVENEZUELA
think you should edit this post to conform to your known beliefs. *All WHITE men are created equal*. Wouldnt want to confuse that with women, people of color or gay! 
and women*************** 
Hold up, wait a damn minute. You walked out of a Colts game because players took a knee for equality. You denounced Colin Kaepernick for taking a knee during the anthem for injustice against black and brown people. Are you serious man? Sit all the way down.
#HypocritePence #HypocriteVP #HypocriteTrumpFlunkie #Hypocrite
#TrumpGOPFakePatriot @VP @mike_pence #TrumpGOPHypocrite 
#TrumpGOPCrimesAgainstUSA #TrumpGOPHighTreason #PenceKnew 
#resist
Come on  @VP  your  a hypocrite first class #Pence & #trump the #GOP what are you doing 
Do you see the irony of all of you in the @GOP party quoting MLK as you bend over and let this racist #shithole “president” f*ck over people of color again and again? You are all complicit racists. MLK is rolling in his grave.
Jesus said, "If you hold to my teaching, you are really my disciples.  Then you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free." — John 8:31-32
And also a few women...
What the hell is wrong with you? Jesus is not happy with Money Changers and that would be you Pasty Little Crook.
What about gay ones?
@VP & @realDonaldTrump
PLEASE. Does Mother know you lie like this? You could care less about equality or the Constitution. You just want a ChristianTaliban with your idol, Trump.
God bless Martin Luther King
Go look lovingly into your manfriend Trump again to show the world what a hypocrite you really are. Remember, all of your loving emotions when you look at the back of Trump's head will forever be memorialized for future generations, especially when you're 6 feet under.
Please pence take a seat
Let's advance his cause.......African Americans having economic power
@TexasWhatWhat you are so right!!!   Its because conservatives believe in America, and if you don't feel that way, and live here now, I say #GETtheF#*%outofOurCountry
Your beloved POTUS called for public service on MLK day. He golfed. What did you do?  Nothing. POS.
You were 9 years old when Dr. King was assassinated. I wonder what your parents thought or said about what had happened that day?
Oh, and the majority of the GOP and 45’s base completely disagrees with your statement. #Resist #Fascism #Racism #Bigotry #AltReich #GOPLies #GOPHates #Resist #Resistance #ResistTrump
Don’t ever mention Dr. King’s name again.  Youbarw the opposite of what he stood for.
 America, we have a Russian spy living in the White House. Trump placed Russian operatives throughout our Gov.
They were chosen to destroy the agencies they’re in charge of.
This is fascism.
This is Vladimir Putin & Mike Pence in charge of the US Gov.
A MANALL LIVES MATTER
Mr. Pence, you are a fake Christian and a hypocrite who needs to study MLK more. 
Start with these 4 points.

You forget that the same thing NFL players are kneeling about are the same thing mlk was protesting. And your boss called them sons a bitches and you walked out because of it. Spare us.
Give everyone a break. We know how you feel about everyone who isn’t white and straight.



You co-chaired a sham voting commission whose clear objective was to suppress the non-white vote. You defend a racist president and his anti-American policies & rhetoric. This shameful coopting of a life and mission that your own actions abjectly oppose is mere insult to injury.
Mr. Vice President,  you walked out on a football game, apparently offended, by men of color protesting the treatment of minorities. Their display was patriotic. Yours was a reprehensible PR stunt. Your MLK tweet is hypocrisy perfected.  #hypocrisy #MLKDay #ShitholePresident
All men? Even gay men??? Smh.
BREAKING NEWS: 2018 Year Of The hole!
W/ #ImStillWithHer @HillaryClinton, #SteveBannon, #HarveyWeinsetin & #StephenMiller.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QeKwnRE01p8 …
#MAGA #TrumpResign #TrumpRussia #Mueller
Do you really!
Stop speaking- having you quote MLK is blasphemy. Will you save DACA? 900 Dreamers serve in our military. The large % of them pay taxes and help fund SS. They are Americans.
The world will long remember your name Mr. Mike, as the one who served under that #racist #ShitholePresident and did nothing. You believe in everything he says? Every way he acts? Everything he does? Silence is not an excuse. 

 @GOP Do Something! #ImpeachTrump
@VP 
@mike_pence 

You got a red face?

You deserved a red face.

And continue to deserve a red face.

#VPComplicitInRacism

What's next - your attendance at an LGBTQ event?
You are nothing but an enabler with no back bone. Always standing behind that Moran of s president.
This is either the most hypocritical tweet today … or another lie from Trump’s administration. You cannot claim how wonderful Dr. King was while you’re making racial slurs. They are incompatible.
Mr Vice President you make me proud to be a Hoosier.
How did you like Pastor Watson's sermon?  Great wasn't it?   He spoke of holding racist accountable.  Do you know any racist, oh say Donald?
Sir, are you willing to acknowledge that you have taken the wrong side when you abandoned the NFL game after witnessing NFL players carrying on the spirit of Dr. King?
Who says Dr King would have disrespected our country, that’s what the NFL was doing, disrespecting those who “Protect & Serve” what is this teaching our children and grandchildren?

Civil duty is more than a photo op, we appreciate visiting the MLK statue, how about going to a community that is what MLK would’ve wanted to happen on this day. Not BBQs and photo ops but living on his legacy to make to continually make a difference!
Oh
There is no color......just Americans!!!
You're a fake Christian and He will judge you accordingly.
