Vouchers for fundie homeschoolers will surely help these incidents.
They'll help the ones who are homeschooled, escape the leftist indoctrination camps that our failing schools have become.
Leftist indoctrination... LOLOLOLOL
Found all this from 5 MINUTE Google search. When schools stop this crap then they can complain about funding. 
https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/sep/3/kindergarten-transgender-lessons-have-parents-chan/ …
https://www.nas.org/articles/making_citizens_how_american_universities_teach_civics2 …
http://freedomproject.com/the-newman-report/210-anti-american-agenda-pushed-in-florida-schools …
http://freedomproject.com/the-newman-report/210-anti-american-agenda-pushed-in-florida-schools …
https://clarionproject.org/u-s-dept-of-education-promoting-islam-to-schoolchildren/ …
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Also, it took you FIVE MINUTES to locate this garbage?
Well it is garbage if that's the stuff they call education these days. Schools are rampant with teaching kids there are 70 different genders, that Trump is a Nazi, and that they all have white privilege. Those that do deserve to be shut down and de-funded.
And you wanted to remove counseling services, after school programs and security costs for schools. Way to go Einstein.
I am INFURIATED that @BetsyDeVosED has been given the job of keeping our kids safe!!! Of ALL people. 

Schools began ignoring rape reports after DeVos' campus sexual assault policy changes, lawsuit says https://www.dailykos.com/story/2018/1/29/1736910/-Schools-began-ignoring-rape-reports-after-DeVos-campus-sexual-assault-policy-changes-lawsuit-says … …
She always looks like a deer in headlights!
You should resign.  You bought your job through donations to greedy politicians (thanks @marcorubio).  You know you're not qualified.
This is disgusting and beneath anyone who calls themselves a teacher. Of course we know that teachers unions are never greedy either. How many Democrats have THEY bought off, and how many donations from child-murdering planned parenthood? No we don't talk about that.
U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos announced that she wants to cut  nearly $4 billion from the Department of Education, including funding to  prevent violence in schools.
What's your point? If it were up to me, the DoE would be shuttered entirely. That's a matter for state and local officials. Again you are making the equation that people show their care for education by the amount of $$ they throw at it.
No, my point is that the GOP rammed an unqualified person through to head one of the most important departments.  Perhaps you aren't a believer in public schools.  That seems to be the thinking of this administration.
What is unqualified about her? I believe in public education, but the public schools shouldn't have a monopoly. Spending exponentially more money. and not getting results. Don't blame DeVos for public schools' shortcomings. We need more school competition & vouchers.
It would be easier if you told me what exactly makes her qualified?  Did you watch her confirmation hearings?  Have you seen her struggle with basic questions?  How many inner city schools has she visited?  Hint:  none.
District schools are not only option for public ed. Public FUNDING can  include vouchers for alternate schools. More competition will improve  learning. Spend more efficiently on fresh ideas like #homeschooling co-ops. Public school system has FAILED despite skyrocketing .
We need metal detectors and limited points of access at all schools.
School shootings have decreased since the 90s while funding has been  cut across the board. But don’t let facts get in the way of your policy proposals.
Wow just look at all the abject hate on this group. You're attacking this woman for no good reason, making up lies about wanting militarized schools. I suppose the female empowerment thing only applies to Democrats. #Teachers4Trump #schoolchoice #vouchers
My heart is broken.  Dept education secretary that does not visit struggling schools, does not support iep, rejects free lunches, .. #resigndevos
Not her job to visit schools. Completely off-topic and slamming this woman just because she doesn't agree with you. Be damn glad I'm not President, I would have shut the entire DOE down on day 1 and mandated vouchers. The district schools have FAILED, let someone else try.
It seems that one of your solutions would be to design a publicly funded charter school that arms every teacher and has military police outside of every classroom. School choice at work.  Choose the school with the highest assault rifle to student ratio.
Well duh. How else do you expect us to protect the kids from the grizzlies. #teachersagainstbearattacks
https://youtu.be/3Kie-AddJ6s  | URGENCY | do you know how many people turned away from #specialneeds ??? We teach kids about #community but it's not true.  I spoke to an #alderman and confirmed this is what "#leaders" do?  Just pass it along and say "I was told I couldn't step in..."
I am a teacher and PROUD to have Betsy DeVos as our Sec. of Ed! The only mistake she's made is not shutting the entire department down. Useless & unconstitutional waste of taxpayer $ on schools that indoctrinate & refuse to do their job. #SchoolChoice #vouchers @Teachers4Trump
Then why are you refusing to protect transgender and LGBT students? Because you have no heart
Ms. Devos--how will you "act with urgency?" What substantive reforms will you recommend to Congress?
See you at #MarchForOurLives


What are your solutions?
Thank you for your service Mrs. DeVos. There are those who appreciate your good efforts. Keep up the good work.
One or two, at best!
Yes, we must arm all students and teachers, And let's not forget to arm the cafeteria workers. WE must stock all janitors closets with automatic rifles. Praise Jesus.
Then please resign.
The left doesn't care how many people they kill to advance their agenda of disarming the American people. The Secret Service knew FL was coming & did training & FBI beat police to scene. What does that say?
Watch out....
Why are you remaining silent on schools taking children out of public school in order to protest? Often times without even the parents knowledge or consent. Are you going to allow our children to be used as political pawns by either side simply because they are in public school?
And you’re gonna continue to do nothing
Our school districts are mandated to spend Millions of dollars annually for Testing its time our Homeland Security start pushing funds directly to schools for Security Solutions. Let’s talk Betsy, I’m with Johnson Controls Security Division... we have Solutions! IT IS TIME!!!

#StormyDaniels was smarter and much better prepared than #BetsyDeVos for her interview on 60 minutes.

#StormyDanielsInterview #TheResistance #MAGA …
Question: what is your end game here? How much money/power do you need? You could live very well anywhere in the world. Do whatever you want. SO you decided to buy your way in to a job you shouldn't have. Everyone hates you. 200 million well spent?
betsy, who wrote this for you? Because,  after your 60 Minutes interview I see how Uneducated you are. Typical.  #notmypresident #impeachtrump #trumpbigot #GOPracists
Maybe your murderous psychopathic brother can get another billion dollar contract from the government to supply security to schools with his private army of mercenaries! But only to rich charter schools because screw the poor.....right Betsy?
Unless it’s a poor school right bitch?
What exactly is your "urgent act"? Arming teachers is not a solution.
Yep!! Common sense Betsy, common sense. Look it up. You are devoid of any!
Obviously the inmates are running the asylums thanks to Obama & his DANGEROUS policy in his "Joint Dear Colleague" letter that he most likely drew up after he smoked a joint with Eric Holder. 
You couldn't even enter a public school without being attacked, & those were teachers!
Thats impossible.  You don't have a heart.  You have ice water running through your racist veins.
We need to end the compulsory education laws and get our children out of these dangerousness government indoctrination centers.
You should definitely quit.
Agreed. Have @StormyDaniels take over for you. She is a successfull businesswoman who attended public schools. Much more qualified than you are.
#March4OurLives #FireDeVose #BuyAJobBetsy
Urgency? You never do anything with thought or urgency, that I know of.
What about my kids? They were robbed by you and your office allowing fraudulent debt collections. Get out. You are not fit to serve the people of this country.
Betsy, I refuse to like this status because we are seeing it too often.  I don't like that we status the death of any student.  Act with urgency, and with expertise.  Don't deny a seat at the table to the officer or doctor who knows this horror, please!
Acting for the sake of acting is never a good idea, unless it is used as the catalyst to achieve another goal.  Any act that weakens or undercuts a fundamental American freedom is never the right answer.
Blah blah blah....This current “administration”, all words, no action.
Go Away Lady
You don’t have a heart, soul or ethics. You are a bully with billions!
BAN ALL USE OF GUNS BY THE PUBLIC.
No thoughts and prayers Bets? Did you march with students yesterday? Did you listen to what teachers are asking for to make schools safer?  If not, stop with the pandering. You’re worthless.
Did you hear the urgency that was beautifully articulated by hundreds of thousands of people around the world? Did you hear the passion, courage, and eloquence of the students in our public schools? The public schools must be doing something right to produce these fine citizens.
Nope, she was having a manicure.
When can I get my bobble head Besty Barbie
Give families a choice with vouchers for all students, no favorites.
Please, you could give a crap and we know it. Your out to kill our public schools so what's a few more dead kids next to that lofty goal.
Leftist teachers, lawyers and judges removed nonsectarian prayer and spiritual teaching from schools - leaving kids with no spiritual compass. They created the monsters we now love to hate, through neglect of kid's needs. Guns weren't needed in school, when I was a kid!


You simply do not have the capacity to oversee this project.  You are unqualified and a real threat to America's children.  #resignbetsy
Ok. So what do you plan on doing about it? Statements do nothing. Only action works
Please resign

Do Something
Did you stand with those students today and #MarchForOurLives? You just strip protections to encourage discrimination. These kids are STRONGER, BRAVER, and SMARTER than you. Your thoughts help no one and your words are shallow #MSDStrong #deVoid
You need to resign because you have no idea. This administration is so corrupt.
So what are you doing or planning to do? I’m not being sarcastic.
First step... resign your position!
Just prohibit the sale of automatic weapons, weapons used in wars, implement universal background checks. Listen to the students from Parkland and implement the changes they want. Then your job will be done. Simple.  You don't need a committee.
Your words are meaningless, your incompetence abounds! RESIGN

Empty words from an empty-headed woman that bought her job.

Enough said. #VetsVsTheNRA #MarchForOurLives 
Your best answer so far is to close them I believe.
Future voters spoke today.  Your future is not in Washington. #MarchForOurLives
Betsy,

Do not give in to the hate. Keep at it

For all the haters:

What would YOU do?

Instead of hate, OFFER SOLUTIONS!

If Betsy succeeds as Secretary of Education, our kids succeed.
And gun control is not the answer! Criminals don’t follow rules, unarm law abiding citizens so that cannot defend themselves is NOT the answer!!! Invest money in securing our classrooms!
We don't want your damn sympathy, we want action!!!
We need SMART action. 

Armed guards protect:
-money
- jewelry
- rich people
- politicians 
- government buildings
- airports

Why not our children?  Fund SMART action

Taking guns from law abiding citizens not save our kids!
RT if you feel the same. Just liking don’t spread the message!
Hey Billion Dollar Betsy! Did you participate in #MarchForOurLives today?
Betsy if you care about safe schools you would include law enforcement, educators, parents and administrators on your school safety committee! Not just you and 3 cabinet members!
I’ll save my thoughts and prayers for ur trial, criminal.

Madam, talk is cheap. Actions speak louder than words. Your inaction to help keep our students and teachers safe, speaks volumes.
From bears right...  not guns
You are in the PRIME position for this! Funding & policies/guidances for more counselors, social workers, and smaller class sizes. Talk to tRump about #GunReformNow

Enough said. #VetsVsTheNRA #MarchForOurLives 
Everything is spelled correctly here.  Who wrote this for you?
Do your part! Listen to those of us who are in the schools.
Resign.
Resign and put someone in who'll actually DO SOMETHING FOR AMERICA'S PUBLIC SCHOOLS.  You know NOTHING about OUR public schools.
You have a heart?
Who wrote this tweet? Not Devos. She cares about the dead like she cares about the schools. Greed
The bears...don't forget the bears.  The schools need your guidance with this.
Tell that to your brother DeVos, and all his black water friends who murdered constantly in Iraq. WE REMEMBER!
Nobody gives a shit what you say or think. Fade away, dirtbag.
Please quit. All of us in the education field beg of you. I’m saying this as nicely as I can. You really are completely clueless about everything.
Action. Not heartbreak. Commit to sensible gun safety, Betsy. Otherwise you’re still on the fasttrack to more SNL punchlines, and widespread protests

Last I checked, nobody was able to walk into a school with 17 unwanted abortions to give away to helpless teenagers. Nice try. As a male, I won't even begin to speculate all of the reasons why someone would want/need to have an abortion, and as a male, neither should you.
Hollow words. You have NO credibility.
Thoughts and prayers do nothing! YOU can create change, make America Proud!
By getting rid of stupid guns
America hates you, DeVos.
- Really sad that ppl talk about everything OTHER than BULLYING.. that is the root of shootings.. that’s what’s sad and heartbreaking..
Making sure students and teachers are safe at school, doesn't mean arming them. I'm sure your billions will heal your broken heart.
It sounds like you know the solution.

Finish the sentence:
If I were Secretary of Education, to make sure this never, ever happens again, I would.................

Come on; share it with the world!  I double dog dare you!
Stop tweeting, stay far away from tv or making public appearances at schools. Just remain in your office and sharpen pencils, or shuffle files on your deck. At least you'd performing a function you might be qualified for, unlike leading the Dept of Education......
Common sense gun control
Meaning what?
You know there was an armed police officer at this shooting, right? Jaelynn died anyway.
...says the woman who literally has no plan, no urgency, nothing.
you only care because it's in your job description to do so.
Why aren’t you at the #MarchForOurLives? Your presence might officer some proof that you actually have a heart.
I don’t believe you care. Show it by supporting the students today and gun law reform.
 prayers for this family.
Are you in Florida today rather than supporting the students marching today. Are going to acknowledge that they even exist. Shame On You.
Proof that some States actually enforce #CAPLaws
Bullshit
You mean like giving teachers guns you moron? You have zero integrity for taking on a job for which you had no qualifications. You'll go down as just another Trump lackey that didn't survive Trump's tenure. Our children are NOT for sale to the lowest bidder. #Resist #FBR
Addressing the lack of coping skills of kids today is in order. The hate from the left at all Republicans doesn't help one bit.
Bipartisan blocking of her defunding  counseling resources in schools. They actually appropriated more money to it. Bitartisan politics
Do you still think Grizzly Bears are the threat on schools?
You forgot to mention your thoughts and prayers!
Another worthless tweet from @realDonaldTrump’s worst cabinet member.
What about the tragedy of you being secretary of education? When are we going to deal with that?
The most urgent need is a new secretary of education!
Crocodile tears
This again provides the vulnerability of our schools and the increasing number of people with mental and/or behavioral disorders that are ready to use this vulnerability to hurt our children! Time has come for radical actions to ensure our students and teachers are safe at school
Act with urgency to ensure safety........how? This is where, as the head of education, you give us an idea or thought or action you may be taking.
Liar. 
You DON'T care. Just admit it.
RESIGN BETTY!
It’s time to immediately ban bears from our schools 
It’s hard d to believe you’re sincere. Please resign.
Say the word... guns! It’s the guns!
where was your god.............your jesus.....................why did they allow this again?????

keep god out of our schools and do something real that works !!
Resign
Never tweet Betsy.
So you will be participating in March for our Lives, right?
No
Resign
Good thing you still haven’t done anything about school violence. Too busy on your million dollar yacht?
Your heart is not broken. You didn’t even write this; your assistant did.
Didn't any of you trolls learn to say nothing if you've nothing nice to say?  My observation of @BetsyDeVosED is that her focus is on the student rather than the union--refreshing.
Your actions are needed not sympathy!
Be a moral leader make a change if not stop apologizing.
But the grizzlies!
Our teachers and students are not even safe from you and your idiotic tenure.
Great talking point, how about some details?
If only we had more bear security with guns in schools
Blood is on your hands.  It will never wash off.
Awwwww that's precious, she is pretending she has a heart
No one is safe until you resign.
I love it!
You forgot to use the words “gun control”
Please shut up!
I would feel very unsafe if we arm teachers with guns.  This is an  inadequate fix to this national problem.
Another out of touch MAGA
Pathetic!!!
Bless your heart
It would help if you would resign
Spare us your fake sympathy. You choose guns over kids
What no thoughts and prayers?
Too bad you don’t have any actual educators on your little committee, huh?
This would mean more IF you knew how to do your job. You’d also need to have a heart as well. More guns at school will keep no one safe. If that’s your case, then be the first to put it into effect by not having your security detail. Carry your own gun and see how it works out.
Are you taking your ass to the funeral? Do something besides tweet.
Please resign.  You have no experience,  racist/elitist goals for education, and a poor understanding of education in general. Not to mention, you don’t even care to visit failing schools.  Please resign.
Urgency to make sure guns don’t get into the wrong hands Betsy!
Too late. Our owned politicians on both sides of the aisle have dragged their feet for too long. This blood is on all their hands. Being owned means you’ve sold your soul. But you know that because you’ve bought souls and you’ve sold yours as well. It’s your business.
So you’ll be resigning then?
What does "act with urgency" MEAN exactly, Betsy? @FLOTUS promised to tackle cyber bullying 1.5 years ago. @potus @realDonaldTrump is the worst bully in the world. Kids see and hear him. Snce no one ever calls him out, kids think that behavior is ACCEPTABLE!
No Grizzly Bears in that area so no need for guns. #BitchBetsyDeVos #DumpDeVos
Get rid of guns! At least raise the purchasing age to 21, make people wait at least a week before purchase, hire more school counselor, ban assault guns. See how most people live, visit public schools, talk to folks making less than $50,000.  a year, and folks on a fixed income.
She never leaves her Ivory Tower unless heir commandant tells her to.
According to you if she had a gun she’d be fine - ur a joke
It’s great that you’re making tasks forces, but what are the goals and the timeline those goals will be reached? Will you reach out to teachers, administrations, boards of education (anyone currently IN THE FIELD who would be affected by those changes)?
Just let me know when you’re actually going to tell us what you’re going to do to address these problems. Most of your responses have no substance and doesn’t actually answer the question. Unfortunately, you’re uneducated or misinformed. Either way, I don’t know what’s worse.
Great, except your Boss and your Brother care a lot more about the NRA and the feelings of the NRA then they do about dead kids
Can you get prayer back in schools?

You'll get over it. Every few days, another death, another broken heart. And yet it knits itself back together every time, harder and colder than before. #GunsAgainstGrizzlies
Just resign already. You're a laughingstock and a national embarrassment.
Bla Bla Bla all you do #mini genicide
It is heartbreaking and you are pathetic!
NOW you show sympathy....what a surprise!!! its a white girl....oh,....I get it...a kid you regard as "almost" fully human.....we have to find out if she is a "Christian" , right, Bets, before you accord this child full personhood....right?

You know as much about school safety as you know about public education... Resign and let someone more capable take the wheel Bets.
#SensibleGunLaws #MarchForOurLives
She knows more about education than you do I’d venture.
Almost 1.2 years in, I'm not convinced that's the case.

I believe in on-the-job training.  At a point, we should really cut our losses.
