Funding mechanisms limit kids. Please address the problem of inequality in school funding
SO WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO?
I hope the Secretary of Education will RETHINK the extreme costs of higher education.  It is preventing me from investing my income and pursuing a graduate degree because of the extreme debt with my bachelors degree.
We should also rethink having someone without experience in education making decisions about education! Also having the ED at the end of your name is #fakenews you do not hold a doctorate in education
Betsy, if we want patents to help students we have to give them time to do that. Elementary schools are till 2:45. WHY?! Kids come out tired. Cant we let kids who want to leave earlier go home and whoever want to stay would get more attention from teachers helping with homework?
Can we "rethink" having you in charge of the nation's schools?
O GOD...
Duh! We have been doing this for years!
Rethink means you have no idea what to do so just stall and hope people forget of the current news.
Then end standardized testing. If you really want to be bold and rethink education, then do away with our invalid tests and allow teachers to teach again.
... like healthy school lunches, and breakfast for those who need it. Rethink more support for the teachers, more respect. Let's not assume that You, a non-educator know more than the public school teachers. Teaching Assts, Counselors, books, art, music. Try that.
I agree with most of your tweet but I am unclear when/why it became the job of the public education system to pay for children’s meals. When I was in school, we ate breakfast at home and brought or paid for lunch. Why is food not the parents responsibility?
Most parents pay for their child’s meals. Some children are eligible for free or reduced meals due to family income below the poverty level. Some schools now even offer universal free breakfast and lunch, especially if >50% students live in poverty
Interesting. As someone who’s parents instilled in me that having children was an expensive privilege,not a right, my initial reaction is frustration that this is another place where tax. dollars go to pay for lack of adult responsibility.
I see your frustration, but kids shouldn’t go hungry at school bc of their parents’ choices. It’s about giving children the best possible opportunity to learn; if basic needs aren’t met first (eating), then learning can’t take place, and education is what breaks the poverty cycle
I don’t think you read my response to her other comment in which  agreed with you. Have to break the cycle somehow and education definitely helps. It is still frustrating to pay for the lack of responsibility of others.
Agree. I believe in mandatory birth control if you have a child you can’t support, are on fed/state assist/then birth control until you can support your child and yourself. #PersonalResponsibility #StopTheCycle
How come some people only believe in birth control when they can mandate it for the poor? Huh? #Education
Yes. Let’s rethink education. Like letting Student Loan companies get looser Federal oversight. Let’s  open our mind to an Education Secretary who knows nothing about educational law but what she learns from lobbyists.
I wonder how the real educators #SXSWEDU tolerated your inane comments. I heard you speak at a Constitutional Fellowship this summer. I found you to be vapid, and your quotes on Madison and the Constitution sounded like they were pulled from http://BrainyQuote.com .
Such as gender education? Do you stand with this course of instruction? We the parents in America would like to see your answer to this question. Thank you Betsy.
How about close all private schools so the elite people like you will fund our Public schools! U r kids don't DESERVE any better than mine!
I'm still questioning how you became secretary of education.
Sadly the “rethink” won’t come from you.  Actually talk to the people, public school teachers, who are educating young minds.  We rethink what we do every day for each child so that they can successful.
I’ve got one...perhaps Trump needs to “rethink” his nomination of you as Secretary of Education. Instead of criticizing our public schools, perhaps you should listen to and work with them to make change. I’d be more than happy to sit down and talk with you.
In a directed way. You forgot to say "directed study"...you know, study that had formative and summative assessment. Which you'd know if you were any kind of a real educator
You have a job in the Trump Administration because your brother helped President Trump set up back channels to Russia. #rethink2018
She needs an editor. Yo, Betsy? Are you hiring? I’m a teacher that needs a second job to pay my bills. I can send my resume. I’ve a dual degree in Journalism and Education. I have also taught 4th grade grammar for years.
Share share share!! Betsy needs a teacher to guide her!!
Stop cutting funding for arts, music, work shops!!!! Students need more hands on career experience and LESS every year same old classes
Not only a comma splice, but her sentence is a fragment. Duh, “Sec. of Edu.” 
Then stop pushing notoriously underperforming charter schools.
Resign.
My child with special needs has given me magical glasses to see right through your BS.
The real limits on education are rich white women like you who think they are experts when they honestly have no effing idea what they're talking about.
What the heck do you think we are doing? We don’t need you. Go away.
Hi. I’m in 10th grade. Your last sentence is called a fragment. If you had to take AZ Merit, PSAT, or any standardized test, you would get marked down. js... 
You should rethink communicating any of your thoughts ever :)
Unless you're Black, Hispanic, LGBTQ, Native, or not white then you can basically F off. #betsymustgo #MoneyBuysPosition
Have you even spoken to teachers? You think because you thought if a catchy hashtag it's an innovative ideas???? Teachers #RethinkSchool  daily
Nothing? Does that mean raises for teachers finally? Does that mean supplies to schools? Does that mean free education to attend colleges? Does that mean you'll ACTUALLY see/hear/listen to students, teachers, etc? Or you still concerned about bears and pocketing money?
How'd that philosophy work for the Detroit public school system? You siphoned off funding for charter schools which have all failed & let the students of Detroit with almost no options. How will they realize their potential. Let me guess...in your mind they have none anyway
Like AR15s in a High School which you won't address?

Or like sexual assaults on college campuses where your policy is aimed solely at protecting the rapists?

A tale of Conspiracy:

Erik Prince is the brother of Betsy DeVos.…
You're a joke
Every educator in the universe knows you are unqualified to teach study hall. #Resign
Every student? Or just the white ones who aren’t LGBTQ? And poor. Or bullied.
All the teachers are worried about is getting there kids on the liberal agenda.


What's your background again?
I have rethought your leadership, and determined you are not only unqualified, but ignorant and tone deaf. Shame on you.
So you’re allowed to question everything but you can’t answer questions from the students you visited today?
We the people Question YOU!  You have no right being in that position.  RESIGN IMMEDIATELY!  #FraudulentCabinetMember
RETHINK is what @realDonaldTrump Donaldneeds to do about your position.  Resign and let someone with an Education background do the job.  you have NO business being in this position. NONE WHAT SO EVER.  #FraudulentCabinetMember
Define resignation for me
You seem fine with getting in the way. 

#StopBetsy
As long as they are white and male right Betsy??
You don’t even know how to think!
I agree, and many of our students are limited by trauma, mental health issues, poverty, etc. What specific policy recommendations will you support to reduce the impact of these factors and help ALL kids succeed? #supportpublicschools
Then why take money away from Public schools?
How about you rethink your perception of teachers.
Does that preparedness extend to active shooter response? I mean, getting shot at school sure seems to be getting in the way of students' reaching their potential. js.
Usually what limits a students from pursuing their passion is the lack of the necessary critical mass of students also pursuing that passion to justify the school's expense for supporting that passion.
How ya gonna "rethink" that?
Can we rethink our #secretaryofeducation
Great! So that means your next move will be to ax all the standardized testing choking the life out of teachers and students?
That's what teachers in public education do wveryday. Do uou even know that???
What kind of mess is this statement?!
Stop, please don't tell anyone what ANYTHING means or people are going to post videos of your clueless non-answers to basic #education questions.

But, I do agree that students need to be prepared at every turn for what comes next ... especially an active shooter! #GunReformNow
You're disgusting.

But you’re okay with the @GOP slashing education funding. Hypocrite.
Jeesh. Duck. I see a bear! Nope...just #TrumpDickPic
Everything that comes from you sounds and feels like a lie.
"Resign" means you step aside and let someone qualified do the work you are ill-equipped to do.
But DeVos doesn’t think. Isn’t it ironic.
What was your hurry? Why didn’t you speak to students? You’re a sham. And, your brother is a THUG.
Do something unexpected: answer our questions. You came to our school just for publicity and avoided our questions for the 90 minutes you were actually here. How about you actually do your job? #neveragain #DoYourJob https://twitter.com/betsydevosed/status/971165775858978816 …
How about re-thinking the weapons that surround the learning environment? Might take more than a 90 min stop-by for a photo-op in FL...
Maybe you should rethink being education secretary.

I question your morals and qualifications for the job you bought.
I wish Trump would rethink your appointment. You are not respected...
Did you mean doublethink?
Let's start with school safety, because nothing hinders the pursuit of passion and achieving their potential than death. Why don't you focus on keeping kids alive! #wakeup #stopthenonsense #pleaseresign #NeverAgainMSD
But you refuse to take questions from students, how rich 
Resign
I figured it meant figuring out how to make the most money from education.
Wow, why are you in charge of anything?
Resign
You can’t “question everything” when you know nothing about what is going on in the current educational system. My point is you show no interest in visiting actual schools and investigating what is working or not working in collaboration with actual educators and students.
No one has ever been prepared at every turn for what comes next. For example, you were not prepared for becoming Secretary of Education.
You are nothing but catchphrases and cheesy quotes.  You do nothing to improve the education system in our country.  Step down and let someone who knows what they are doing take over.
Honey, "rethink" implies you ever had any original thoughts to begin with. #ResignDeVos
You should rethink your life choices, Bets. You know you're too unintelligent and unqualified for this job. Money doesn't make you smart.
Charter Schools were created because the Republicans have defunded education since the 1980's.   The education system is funded just well enough to be bad.  That is how people like DeVos whom are wealthy due to pyramid schemes rather than earning themselves destroy education.
We should "rethink" the decision to appoint you head of Education.
We need to completely “rethink” this administration. You are an absolute joke and the only reason you are sec of ed is because you donated $9.5 million to 45. When your brother gets busted I’m hoping you get caught up too and get fitted for an orange jumpsuit.
Your ignorance about what happens in a school is astouding.
Coming from an education obstructionist like you this statement has zero substance, and zero meaning.
We need to rethink your position. The position requires qualifications beyond 
Why don’t you start with ‘think’ vefore@living the ‘rethink’ #moron
Public Schools ARE limiting potential of Gifted, 2E, Autistic & Dyslexics. Districts won’t even say Dyslexia, forget screen & intervene. But, Districts will fight hard & long using taxpayer $ 2 deny CHILD services, support & out-placement even though they KNOW child requires it!
What bullshit.  Your stained fraction of humanity wants a permanent illiterate servant class and will do anything to get it—to the point that you’d see the United States become a department of the New Soviet Union.
Are you giving away firearms at MSD in Fla?
Oh Betsy, bless your heart. You might want to RETHINK what that really means.
Exactly. So why don't we allow our kids in Texas to do that. All they are instructed in is just enough to pass the STAAR test.
The irony of the Secretary of Education tweeting sentence fragments...
Your testing and standardization of our children limits them. As does the cuts in funding education and college aid. As well as having an uneducated inexperienced person running the us dept of ed.
Rethink your reasons for living. You’re using up valuable oxygen the rest of the planet deserves. #wasteOfOxygen
I'm questioning your position as Secretary of Education.

Go to School. Get an education. Brother bear is in Bigly trouble. #LockHimUp #TrumpColluded #GrizzlyBearBetsy


You are a passion and dream executioner with your ignorance of special education and the public school system. Your failure of understanding education and your job AND your agenda of religious and charter school segregation is mind blowing.
As long as they fit your mold.
Shut up and save public schools.
Rethink your position out of office
We aren’t idiots and many of us have been in education for 30+years. We know what it means to rethink... I’m sorry I just have to say this .. dah
That’s great Betsy! You gonna fully fund all those options for the public schools or are you going to have your family profit from them?
This is still vague as hell.
This is, "It takes a Village to Raise the Child." Can you @BetsyDeVosED  make a list from those who gave you your Raise-Up? Lists will prove important for those in a completely different story. Think, Think Think those tweets through. Keep your head in the real world. Eat Better!
Uh huh
We need to rethink inclusion.  It's hurting our students.  Special Education isn't stepping up to take care of ED and behavior students .
Sis
Can you just please once formulate and post a complete sentence?
Rethink Devos
It's pretty bad when the Secretary of Education cannot construct a proper sentence.  Par for the course with this regime. #BetsyDeVos #TrumpCrimeFamily #Resign
Oh we're questioning everything you do
Teachers who can't teach reading is limiting many students from pursuing and reaching their full potential.
This sounds like something my student would write on a test if they had no clue.
Wait...you’re still around? You’re still a thing? Figured you must have bailed since NOTHING has been done to help our public schools.
As a teacher, I agree with that! So many students do not realize their full potentials. As a mother, I want to take this opportunity to thank you for reinstating due process for college students. I have a son and a daughter in college, so it is very important!
BREAKING: Secretary of Education writes with poor grammar, disqualifies self (again) for the job she bought.
#ImpeachDeVos
Vouchers do not improve student achievement, Stanford researcher finds | Stanford News
DeVos champions online charter schools, but the results are poor
For rural America, school choice could spell doom
DeVos voucher plan would exacerbate educational inequality | TheHill
Trump's Education Budget Would Hurt the Working Class - The Atlantic
Michigan Gambled on Charter Schools. Its Children Lost. - The New York Times
They SHOULDN"T have to be prepared for flying bullets!!
Wow! Do you even know what teachers do?
So why are you helping to deepen financial barriers like cutting public education finding, making it easier for dangerous student loans, and undermining accreditation. "Rethink" your job in education.
You got pillory during confirmation still waiting 4school vouchers let the money follow kids NOT doe
Another major problem: YOU are what is standing in the way of student success. YOU are withdrawing protections for trans students, YOU are undermining ADA guidelines for disabled students, and YOU are putting private and charter school profits over our kids.
What she said 
Grammar, Betsy, grammar.
Like how you bought your way into the WH along with your criminal brother & his meetings with Kushner - CRIMINALS!
Fair pay for teachers..and their ability
SUPPORT PUBLIC EDUCATION. #RESIGN
Wow?my long lost bro?
We desperately need to stop “indoctrinating” and go back to “educating” our kids.
Why does DeVos keep tweeting commands to our wonderful educators with actions that those educators are already taking and have been for many years?
Let's rethink how you got your position, oh that's right, you paid for it. Looks like you need to leave and let someone else who has experience, knowledge, and respect take back what you essentially stole from America.
I am glad I quit school. And even more glad I didn't grow up in this time. Although I suppose it would restore my youth. I have no clue what to advise on education.. life experiences are better than books. Feel for you in your stressful position @BetsyDeVosED
Ok, powerful words...what are you proposing?
Stop federally funding colleges so they can keep raising prices.
I read this to mean, “students, drop out, don’t bother finishing your K-12 education. It’ll save this administration money to make up for the ridiculous tax credit we passed in late 2017.”
Questioning things just because you don’t and haven’t bothered to understand them isn’t a good educational strategy.
Betsy please rethink your level of grammar proficiency. I'm thinking your may need a high school level tutor.
#RethinkDeVos

You could have used a public school education, Betsy. Oh, I forgot - you only visit schools for the photo ops, not learning! #Resign #Fraud
When you've made $200 Mill+ in campaign donations, the President isn't about to fire you....despite all the advice recommending he do so, and quickly. Figures he needs more of her money for MT and 2020 elections. So sad!
Gut the the corrupted school unions and get rid of the special interest groups along with the over paid administrators to start with. Then stop protecting of the bad teachers with putting in rooms doing nothing and still get pensions and pay! So the good teachers get paid more
You have spent the last year as Secretary of Education doing everything possible to limit students ability to have a quality public education.
Which means you must clear barriers to access and meet each student where they are, for who they are. That’s the reason your agency was created, and the fundamental civil rights mission at its core.
Is she at the event?
THIS!!!! 
Betsy, how many years did you spend teaching in a public school classroom?
Stick your Christian privatization up your fanny.
If that were true, then why are so many R’s, the NRA, and POTUS trying to limit the kids from Florida, bash them for RETHINKing the status quo, and limit their freedom of speech.
A misplaced comma and a fragment all in one tweet. 
You know she is brilliant, and talented. So no need for ridicule.

On a brighter note, her, brother, is, probably, going, down, for, his, shady, dealings, with, the, UAE.

That's worth all the misplaced commas in the world!
Rethink handicapped students and take us back to the 1950s?
Rethink that you are not qualified.
Thanks for looking for different ways to improve education.  We've been repeating the same things for 50 years now without much to show for it.  I'm ready for a fresh approach.
Oh, just shut up Betsy. I still have a vacation home in the U.P. and despite your efforts, w private $ to counter, we have preserved public schools. Amway is an immoral corp. as is anything your family has been involved in. Pls quit. You are a living AR-15 to education in US.
OMG your sentence structure is unbecoming of education secretary
... like healthy school lunches, and breakfast for those who need it. Rethink more support for the teachers, more respect. Let's not assume that You, a non-educator know more than the public school teachers. Teaching Assts, Counselors, books, art, music. Try that.
#lovethis
Rethink your position and resign.
#THIS

YOU NEED TO SHUT UP AND GET OUT. #BanAssaultWeapons
This woman is dumber than every brick in the Great Wall of China.
As long as the students aren't disabled or in public schools or need loans for college, right? #DeVosOut #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpRussia #FireConway
Or victims of sexual assault or LGBTQ or anything other than white evangelicals
Or been taken advantage of by for profit institutions
The overwhelming majority of our country is “rethinking” your appointment as Secretary of Education, you are a failure and an embarrassment to our education system.
Does that include #GunControl ? We wouldn't want to limit students from pursuing changes to gun laws or even from not dying from gun violence.
Your absolutely correct.your doing a great job considering the mess left behind from the previous bunch of fools.
Ignore the haters carry on proudly
Oh, the irony here. 
Comma splice sentence fragment go away
We should RETHINK you as Secretary of Education #resign #treason
#preach
What is the difference between “proficiency” and “growth?”
Huh?
