Finished dinner with American Patriot @BetsyDeVos @BetsyDeVosEd! She is incredibly nice; we accomplished a lot and discussed #STOPSchoolViolenceAct among many other subjects. So insightful.…
PERCENT behind you Secretary!

Rid us of the LEFTIST TEACHERS UNIONS!

Secretary you have the BIGGEST job of all the administration. Taking LIBERALISM of of our Public School System cannot be done. Not in our lifetime. I am praying that you can seed the new direction in educati
All things are possible with God! 
Why are you only supporting Kyle Kashuv? There are other students fighting for change as well. Why are you and the Trump administration disregarding their efforts.? Your bias is causing division and conflict. If you don't represent everyone, you stand with no one. Thank you.
You are so full of crap. You are an incompetent hack who bought her position. You have absolutely no idea what schools actually need.
Details?

ICYMI: Kate McKinnon playing Betsy DeVos on #SNL was absolute perfection.
Is he one of the kids from your charter schools because I know you would never design yourself to step foot in an underperforming school. Nor would you meet the #ParklandShooting survivors face to face. Just resign.
Now visit the kid from the poor school...give him your patronuzing thumbs up...I'll wait right here.

#BetsyDeVos
I think I’m going to be ill.... DeVos is THE worst possible choice for Sec of Ed. She wants to privatize education so she and her pals can make $ off our children. She has no understanding or interest in actual education, just in profit. She must go.
“Maybe I should” dinner hosted by @BetsyDeVosED.
Why didn’t you speak to the students organizing the march? Too afraid they’ll see how ignorant you are? A lot of the GOP are calling you stupid. They’re right!
#Unqualified #PayToPlay #RESIGN #DeVos
Hi @BetsyDeVosED
I'm so happy you are trying so hard to fix our Education System.
I have 9 Grandchildren in Public Schools. I have to teach them what is missing.  It is a mess and you have my prayers!! #MakeSchoolsGreatAgain
Hey lady 2u & ur family, Quit over charging my student loans, lowering my credit score, raising my minimum payment, over charging interest, no allowing my co-signer off, & preventing the borrower from paying loans wen due. Selfish! TY 2 the open law suite against u & ur family

Not sure what the word patriots means to you but to me it means making sure all children have an equal opportunity. Not funneling money from public schools that already are short changed & giving it to parent who send their kids to expensive private schools by subsidizing them!
Bull Shit!
Awesome Betsy...
CRICKETS when protecting student privacy #STOPDATARAPE keep your promise @POTUS https://goo.gl/BqmPb3 
#REPEALESSA #RESTOREFERPA
Betsy, there are many meaningful solutions. I wish you would meet with people other than those that share your same ideas or that are just big trump lovers.
Desperate PR move to provide cover for your F- performance. You don't have the courage or the integrity to meet with the many kids who disagree with you. I've listened to them and read their words and I guarantee they have a lot more on the ball than you.
Try helping teachers make more $$$
"Insightful" but your own staff hate you. OK 
POLITICAL AGENDA. ITS VERY SAD WHATS GOING ON IN OURS COUNTRY. THOSE KIDS HATE USA AND OURS HISTORY & VALUES.CHINA & ASIAN COUNTRIES R BECOMING SMARTER & SMARTER MEANWHILE OURS SCHOOLS R FALLING APART. PLZ! TAKE A BETTER LOOK AT THE UNIONS & LIBERALS EXTREMISTS TEACHERS.#MAGA
I couldn't agree more!!!! I see the crap going on now days and I'm simply lost for words. I can't believe the country I served for 12 years has fallen so far! It's ridiculous but I'll tell you this, I'd serve all over again because I love the American people that love America!
They are dumbing our children down. Using them as political pawns. Giving a false sense of security in thinking that gun control we keep them safe.  It is disgusting to watch.
It's truly sad that these Democraps will use the children to gain votes when they turn 18 years old. What's worse is the perants either allowed their kids to be subjects to this or they just dufbt know about it first
You don’t listen to the students crying for an end to gun violence, but this guy praised you, so he must be good. Bravo. #egomaniac
Fits in with the administration perfectly.
Let’s not even acknowledge the white, male angle...
I hadn't even looked past her egotism yet, interesting point
Proud of both of you.  Hope for our future.
Resign. It would protect a lot of students.
The U.S. was 27th in the world in education before Betsy! The Obama administration even failed at that!
Maybe view these stats under the lens that all students in the US are tested and a minority (often less than 10 percent) of many of those "better" schools are tested. So yes, their top 10 percent outperform all of our students - on average of course.
Blah Blah! #MoreFail
You are an exceptional representative of why we are so low (27th?).
That's a pretty lame comeback, when I'm the one who pointed it out #DemocratFail
How much was he paid to say that? You don’t care about all students and the fact that you won’t even research the problems in the public schools prove it. #shameonyou. #AmericaHasNoPresident or #SecofEducation
From a family of teachers, you are grossly inept and truly an embarrassment.
Why don’t you talk to the students who don’t agree with you? They are fighting for change, but you won’t listen to them. @AMarch4OurLives

Thanks, @RandyRainbow!
Americans are proud of patriots like you who are fighting for change. Looking forward to seeing you in Tampa, and hope you continue to expose the inept chicanery of fraudsters like #BetsyDevos!
Nailed it, Bets. #NewVideo #BetsyDeVos #RandyRainbowInterview 
Betsy, TY for a outstanding job. As a Concerned American, Grandma, I am Appalled that the higher ups, Have not Taken Every step to labor CARR, Muslim brotherhood Orgs, ALL TERRORIST ORG, Eliminate in US. Ideology, not Religion, Using our System for "SHARIA LAW" @realDonaldTrump
Did she sign you up for amway?
When are you going to meet with Emma?
The most inept person on this orange blob team!
Did his parents donate to the Republican Party? Is that why you’re acknowledging him? Are they members of the NRA of which you love so much? Does he go to some elite private or charter school?
Can YOU demand action on school districts who participated on the riots and anti 2nd amendment walkouts without waivers?
fake shootings...psyop hoaxes
"Patriot". What a fucking joke. You bought a position into a traitor's cabinet and are destroying public education. You're hardly a patriot.
A picture of you and a student does not make up for your inability to lead. Resign!
Couldn't agree more-does he come you are doing a great job! 
  Just ignore the hateful little Lefties who can't stop nipping & your (President's!) heels
Resign!
You're not qualified!
You are not very smart!
You are ruining any chance a child has for an quality education!
What
Is
Wrong
With
YOU
????

You don't care about kids, only making money off education. You are a fraud
Can we please acknowledge that teaching children that God created a man, then pulled his rib out and made it into a woman, and then that’s where people came from is child abuse.
@usedgov 
@realDonaldTrump 
#NoGunControl #Liberal #schoolwalkout #SchoolSafety #SchoolShootings #schools
#disruption #snowflake #Gloablist #MindControl

@usedgov 
@realDonaldTrump 
#NoGunControl #Liberal #schoolwalkout #SchoolSafety #SchoolShootings #schools
#disruption #snowflake #Gloablist #MindControl

Like banning weapons of mass killing?
Fund public education fully.  That would be a great start
What a JOKE!! Airhead DeVos!! Doesn’t know her hand from her foot!!
Get rid of COMMONCORE STAR TESTING and let teachers teach
Betsy Devos is no Patriot. She is as anti-American as they come. Public education made America Great for 225 years and she wants to do away with it. She wants more profits for the super rich.
Look at Betsy. Trying to make up for last week’s visit. Too little too late lady. #UnfitToServe #Resign
He is the voice of America! Keep up the fight @KyleKashuv
@BetsyDeVosED I really know that I could help if given the opportunity.  I’ve done this for 20 years in low performing schools.  I’ve also turned many around.  Your position deserves a chance.   My record speaks for itself in Florida. I look forward to hearing from your office.

All of us would be pleased to be apprised of the specifics of that discussion.  Specifically, if the kiddies were enlightened with the reality that school administrations and laws advertise open season to murder with "gun free zone" sign postings.
High time to accept d naked truth that every student from k-12 must have d inalienable right to get d best quality education from public or private schools at taxpayers’ expense with d same funding subsidy(Some private & most religious schools charge less than public schools)!???
Betsy, you've got something on your nose there.
What’s the plan then, Betsy?
We are proud of. Betsy !
Well, at least the kid already knows how to translate “incompetent, clueless opportunist” to “patriot.” If you cared at all about your alleged work, you would have a working knowledge of it. You do not. But you managed to fool one person. You must be proud.
I am proud of any student, glad to see Kyle participate  in his invite by you.  What about Emma Gonzales or students of color attending inner city schools, or the 5 year old poverty stricken public school student?  I suppose you intentionally forget to mention these students.
His family must be a top tier with Amway.
What are you doing in this position? You are a fool. Go away
https://youtu.be/X7ApDtxWba0 
Resign..thank you
No business representating education.  You're one of the worst "Best People".
Bats, you and your boss really like to hang with suck ups.
#StopSchoolViolenceAct #SpareTheRod #AbolishHITTINGstudentsPainPunishment #CorporalPunishmentLinked2MentalIssuesMORESchoolShootingDEATHS 5TH Fed Bill #HR160 #TNHB2330 #AZHB2452 #KYHB375 #TNHB2330 #ACEs #ESSA
As a new teacher in TN in 1989, I refused to paddle, or "witness" paddling. I was mocked by veteran teachers, told with eye rolls, "Oh, you'll come around." I said, "If I can't reason with a kid to do what's expected, I'll leave teaching." I never paddled, and I'm still teaching.
You have a job because your brother tried to set up a back channel line of communication with Russia
Shame on you, Betsy DeVos!
Where were u yesterday? Organized school walkouts all around country. You should have been at at least 1 to hear concerns,fears etc, of America’s kids! Shame on u
Poor Kyle...I hope you go to private school and/or aren't poor. Otherwise, you've been bamboozled.
Just imagine the changes that could be made in public ed if proper funding was available, legislators supported our children, and the person in charge knew what actually goes on in public school.


More gun in our schools make us safer?
Hope the three students are feeling better today after their teacher shots a gun in class!
Kyle, we will be proud as soon as we get a Secretary who wants what's best for the kids of our country.  Currently we don't have one of those.
Metal detectors at all main entrances, all other doors lock from outside, panic lockdown buttons for all doors, live CCTV directly to police/sheriff stations. Arming teachers not the solution.

You are not an American Patriot. Not even close. Stop with the self promoting after your disastrous 60 Minutes interview. We see through you.
Good morning, Secretary Deadweight. Sucked having you.
She is a snake! Don’t let it fool you.
Betsy — You should also be proud of Parents like me who are fighting for change. I look forward to working TOGETHER to implement meaningful solutions that teach ALL students to learn to READ. But, you haven’t answered many calls to meet with you! #Dyslexia #FAPE4ALL #Literacy4ALL
Dont get bought out keep your eye on the purpose #safety for all
#RethinkDeVos unqualified and bribed her way into a seat she never earned and doesn't belong in. #swampwater #ivorytowerelitistcoward #unqualified
@KyleKashuv Vicious DeVos gave millions to @GOP @onetoughnerd Gov. Snyder. He appointed her head of Detroit Schools. DeVos HORRIFIED that Evangelical Charter Schools did HORRIFICALLY on standardized tests. Did she funnel assets, recruit teachers? NO SHE EXEMPTED them from testing
Kyle recognize him? COPS were called 13 times on NRA Sponsored ROTC Sharpshooter Squad member Nikolas Cruz for using live ammo to target practice in his backyard. NOTE THAT NIKOLAS IS WEARING A @realDonaldTrump MAGA HAT. No Arrests. Tamir Rice, 12, executed for playing with a toy
when you stack a committee with sycophants, it's not representative of THE WHOLE...or don't you get that either?

#mySECEDisaDUMBASS
Ms. DeVos, please help us keep our STEM Academy, here in rural East Texas, open for dedicated teachers and acdemically excellent students. The University of Texas is considering closing the campus for lack of funds. I've also Tweeted the POTUS. Thank you.
You will pay the price
Buying a job in government is the exact opposite of being a patriot.
I agree, Madam Secretary DeVos is champion of Education for all children regardless of their Zip Codes.
And you have been an educator for how long?
Clear backpacks helped in okla
I’m sure she does , but her methods are unfair and uneducated- which is ironic
In  meanwhile  Tennesse high school rip the USA flag apart with teachers watching  so the problem isn’t guns or NRA is the home and parenting education!Those kids haven been manipulated by liberals teachers,parents and politics!Monsters child abusers!!
Its not too late Betsy,  teach Kyle some civics and have him get Hogg to meet you, all three of you...
Sorry, Kyle, but she is not interested in what is best for American students.  She is the embodiment of corruption & incompetence.

America = 35th in math, 26th in science... but plenty of time to let the kids out of class to protest (insert latest Dem cause) at the taxpayer's expense!!
NOT TAKING OUR GUNS! THWARTED A GANG OFF OUR PROPERTY THIS WEEK WITH OUR GUNS! FIRED WARNING SHOTS & THEY LEFT! POLICE ARE 10 MINUTES OR MORE AWAY, WE HAD SECONDS TO SAVE OURSELVES & CHILDREN! NOT GETTING OUR GUNS!!!!!!
I DON'T LIVE IN THOSE LEFTISTS LIBERAL DEMOCRATS WORLD! I LIVE IN REAL WORLD WITH REAL CRIMINALS! NOT GETTING OUR GUNS!!!!!!!!!!!!
Resign!   Sorry.  Please resign.
No thanks.... this kids playing political now
Truth
And again…It's quite shocking how many of you are using this kid as a prop. I'm pretty sure his views represent a fraction of the student body of any school, with the overwhelming majority wanting gun control, yet you extol him as a living example of how things should be.
Cherry picking the student who supports your agenda? Will you meet with @Emma4Change? BTW, a reminder that the bill you are celebrating is simply a reauthorization of an existing grant program. You have done nothing. Resign.
Please MAGA AND GO AWAY NOW!
Students should NOT be allowed to participate in political rallies during school hours on taxpayer funded school property. As Sec of Ed you shouldn't have allowed it. YOU FAIL
Plus she also fails because she wants taxpayer dollars to fund for profit and parochial schools.
actually, America should be proud of ALL students who are fighting for change 

#InDepthBackgroundChecks
#NoLoopholes
#LongerWaitPeriods
#BanBumpStocks
#BanAR15s

see, meaningful solutions...
Never forget 60 mins

Um he's fighting for you to keep your job .. And is one of the few
This might be literally the only student who approves of you in the entire world.
Some change is better than other change, Betsy. We want educated students, not liberal acfivist puppets. Respect to you in most other areas
Boo!
Maybe meet some kids from schools you’ve never been to, poor underserved kids in buildings without heat? Kids that never expect to go to college but want to???
@davidhogg111 you should talk to the president like @KyleKashuv and show everyone that you’re not a coward nor joke
Walk up not out.... ur doing great kyle

You’re a political donor who has never spent a day in a classroom.
The fact that you refused to acknowledge the protests that occurred today in schools all across the country is shameful and further proof of your poor leadership.
Privatize schools now
Secretary DeVos you know better than me the students are propped up by schumer, peloser... their agenda is anti American. They support murdering our children in planned parenthood abortion clinics. They don't care about the students.
Praying for you to have success conversing.
Do you have brain damage?
Kyle you are looking good. But I think you need another suit in your rotation. A man needs about 6 suits.
I am INFURIATED that @BetsyDeVosED is being given this job of protecting our students!!! Of ALL people. #GFY

Schools began ignoring rape reports after DeVos' campus sexual assault policy changes, lawsuit says https://www.dailykos.com/story/2018/1/29/1736910/-Schools-began-ignoring-rape-reports-after-DeVos-campus-sexual-assault-policy-changes-lawsuit-says … …
What are your solutions, specifically?
Crickets.
You don’t care about all students
Love you and @KyleKashuv!!!!
You are an entitled twit who bombed on 60 Minutes. 
You do not help people because you do not know what you are doing.
How can anyone finish dinner with you at the table? Probably wanted to puke in his suit.
Instead of hate comments..I pray for Gods Love to move in our hearts and in our country,Gods country,it All belongs to Him.
There is no God!!!
She is a fraud and the whole country knows it. She has zero experience. She never set foot in a public school until this moneymaking opportunity came along.

You two are perfect for each other. Slick, opportunistic grifters.

#DEVOSMUSTGO
But..it has to profit my family.
Rumble young man Rumble! 
Kyle is a breath of fresh air, a great young man that every family wish they have a son in his demeanour and attitude. @BetsyDeVos you are doing a great job. Many citizens appreciate you and what you do. Stay strong before all the haters and hyaenas.
Did you discuss...I don't know just spitballing here... but grizzly bears?
Will you be volunteering at a local school in your community then? At the rate Trump is eradicating (big word, you will need to familiarize yourself with a dictionary) Cabinet members, I'm betting you aren't really on his A-team right now.
I am proud of him. I’m also proud of his classmates who are fighting for change too. Like @Emma4Change or @davidhogg111 the question is, are you? Can you be proud of the students who you disagree with? I even wonder if you’re able to respond to this tweet.
While it's helpful to know she's an American patriot and not a traitor, it would be more reassuring if she was even slightly competent, and not a radical ideologue for school privatization & profiteering.
@KyleKashuv
Please help our children by supporting their education (your job). Don't use them as props while selling out their future to private industry (what you think is your job). Actually, just resign.
Kinda like the walkouts today. Kids hitting the streets to push the leftist socialist agenda with no true understanding of what they are protesting? Kinda like that?
#NationalStudentWalkout

I am glad that he met with BD and talked. Children do not know history. College kids don’t know history. Conversation is a great thing.

U conned a 15 yr old trumptard! U should be very proud.
I do respect Kyle for trying to make a change. I just think he is selling out to the GOP who have done nothing but take money from the @NRA and will do what is minimal to effect gun violence in this country. It is not just in schools but EVERYWHERE!
Fortified schools #armtheeducators #ArmTeachers #armedguards @nra
The best way to protect students in America’s classrooms is for you to step down from your job.  You have no idea what you’re doing.



Yeah except you plan to gut unsafe public schools instead of trying to make them safere
Start by getting rid of the Education Secretary. #ResignBetsy
Wow, congrats; you found one kid who doesn’t know what a complete joke you are!
How about getting back to reading, writing & arithmetic and a big dose if:
#MoreHelpfulThanDeVos
Betsy, please do something about the rampant liberal problem in our education system. It’s a disease and the teachers spread it to students through brainwash. Today’s walk-out was a prime example. How many teachers will be punished for this? None. It’s sad.
Stupid is... #resign
#3-DID U SEE ANY OF THEIR KIDS OR GRANDKIDS AT THIS MARCH NO. U KNOW WHY BC THEY R PREPARING THEM TO LEAD THOSE IGNORANT KIDS. WONDER IF ANY PRIVATE SCHOOLS DID THAT?!?!
Kyle's the respectful kid...
You support legislation supported by the NRA, which makes you part of the problem, not the solution.
#2-PPL BE DUMB. THATS WHY CHINA & STRONG ASIAN COUNTRIES WILL TAkE OVER USA . THOSE KIDS WiLL NEVER EVER BE ABLE TO FIGHT IN REAL LIFE. THE WORLD IS NOT RAINBOWS & UNICORNS. THE FUNNY PART IS THAT THE FAKENEWS MSM & DEMs TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THOSE STUPID KIDS & SCHOOLS.
Resign
#1-TEACHERS & PARENTS R THE ONES THAT SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF THEMSELVES. AS LONG AS WE ALLOWED LIBERALS TEACHERS W/ THEIR EXTREMELY IDEOLOGY & DEMS TAKING ADVANTAGE OF THOSE PPL THATS WHAT WE WILL GET.SCHOOLS AREN’T TEACHING MATH, READING & SCIENCE ANYMORE THEY R TEACHING
I am guessing it has been a while since you were in school Deplorable but I am a teacher and standards are taught every day. I would challenge Devoss to recite 5 standards off the top of her head
What are the 5 standards being taught today? I am asking out of genuine curiosity.
No. The deviant sex classes are going to increase.

Mrs. DeVos, When will our schools stop being brainwashing institutions for socialism, marxism? We need a better push forward to protecting students from being brainwashed and changing their curriculum to add History & Civics.
The government in in charge of standardized test which is part of the problem. Not brainwashing.  History and civics are taught in schools.
Betsy DeVos is KAG!God bless.
Like fighting guns with guns? Like dismantling our public schools? Have you scheduled a visit to one of those Michigan campuses yet?
Oh blah blah blah. Betsy is treading water!  We need a real secretary!!  @realDonaldTrump
Best for our country??? Certainly not what is best for our schools. Please Kyle, do some research and don't just be the right wing version of all these you db snowflakes who don't research anything and spout leftist shite.
Lmao. Instant karma. Misspelled young and dumb
