I, and other parents, were just forbidden from public school property during the #ENOUGH protest by police.  Parents & students want safe schools.  Fix it!  You work for us now.

Civics classes would be a better choice than marches
awww I love Dachsunds....cute little guys
ty, shes one of three
Awwww....that is awesome!!!
True but not by taking money from public schools!
What happens when the parents don't have the resources, knowledge, or wisdom to make informed decisions?  Should they listen to 'ole Betsy who knows nothing about education? Should they trust an elitist position?
Why don't you really think about what will help our education system instead of just forcing your beliefs on everyone?  Or why don't you bring in some real experts and get their advice?  Bring some credibility to your office.  Your limited view point is not getting the job done.
I need my child out of public schools. They are awful
No you obtuse, ignorant, sublimely foolish woman!  CHILDREN have the GREATEST STAKE in the outcome of their education. Are you that really incredibly deeply stupid???
You are way out of your league. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Time to replace this clueless individual!!  Get a real teacher to advocate for our children!
Gosh, I agree with you for once, Betsy! Parents have the biggest stake because we will need our kids to pay our medical bills when we are old. Oh, wait. That’s already happening. NVM. Disagree. Kids have the biggest stake in the outcome. #BetsyGottaGo
Why parents? How about the students themselves? You have no faith in students? Go back in 60 minutes because you did so well.
Parents and students both have a huge stake in kids’ education. Why don’t we ask them if they want you to be in charge of it? The way I see it is if you want them to have choice that should be one of their choices.
Parents should take an interest in their child's education and be responsible stakeholders in their child's success and behavior.  Unfortunately, some parents don't have high expectations for their children or hold them accountable.
That's why parents don't want you as the secretary of education
I would have thought that the students are the ones with the greatest stake in the outcome of their education. How could it possibly be anyone else?
Parents who have issues finding work, working too much at minimum wage jobs, having difficulty putting food on the table, as well as needing to pay for health care, have no time to make their child's education a priority.  They have difficulty making education a priority.
You need to resign
Did you hire more twitter assistants today? You are an unqualified dotard, please resign.
#peepeegate #goldenshowers
RESIGN NOW to ensure parents have a chance with education.
U suck ass
Yup. My first attention to change the situation for the better is telling you to get the hell out.
If you truly believe this,  it should also follow that parents should have correct information about schools.  Meanwhile,  you actively work to undermine public schools by peddling false information about the benefits of charter schools.
You ma'am should be fired!
Children would get a better education if you would resign.
Especially if it makes you money! #BetsyisbadforAmerica #betsydemoneybags #evil
Dear you are sounding desperate!
You mean like making sure their kids don't get shot by some nut job with a military style assault rifle?
We all have the greatest stake in everyone's education-not just our own as we have interdependence on all future workers in our society - from the postal worker to the nurses and Dr.'s who take care of us.
Uhm.....students have the greatest stake. You really have no clue what you are doing
Do you read these comments - can you read - you seem really dumb
Betsy, I’ve followed you for months and have never seen you tweet so much in one day! Guilty conscience because of 60 minutes? You should!
Please do more TV interviews. You make Sarah Palin look like a genius.
Agreed. So please resign bc you clearly have no idea about public education. #DoTheRightThing #resign
Then give #PTA a seat at the table!
And if they can’t afford to move out of a poor community, it makes sense you take funds away. 
Our entire country has a stake in well educated citizens
As a parent and a teacher, I actually think THE CHILD has the greatest stake in the outcome of their education.
Humm, we know that already! Get with it...do something!!!

@MarkYoungTruth @dbongino @Education4Libs @SheriffClarke @realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods @chuckwoolery @michellemalkin @PrisonPlanet @DLoesch @johncardillo
Back off now. Betsy serves as an object lesson of what a lack of education can do.
Yes. Schools keep working against students with needs. Claiming too expensive. Denying interpreters to kids w hearing loss. Denying language acquisition.  Why people running don’t do what they know is humanly right?
Why is wrong always allowed to rule? If Right thing to do was taught in the Public School System we would not be looking for Armed Guards to protect the schools from children. Teach a child the right way to go, when he matures he will not depart & Creates a new Culture of Peace
You are a disasterous embarrassment to your country
Parents get to choose which school their kids go to. It is up to the School to provide the platform for the children to grow and build their mansion of knowledge from.
Actually STUDENTS have the greatest stake in the outcome of their own education.
You are so out of your element and kids and parents will pay for your poor leadership.  Get out before you do irreversible damage!

Agreed so let’s start by firing the incompetent dilettante who is the Education Secretary?
So what about kids who don’t have parents?
I would argue students themselves have the greatest stake.  Let’s stop pretending all students come from homes where parents take a truly advocating role.  While that would be AWESOME, it’s not the reality.
Resign
Public Schools r FAILING SpEd children & if they’re going 2 continue 2 deny #FAPE then ALL SpEd kids r ENTITLED 2 a FREE, appropriate education at ANY School that meets their unique needs. Whether it be Religious, Charter, Private..it MUST b funded by Federal, State & Local Gov’t
Yes we do, so we want you gone.
I would argue that the children have the greatest stake in their education, but, hey, #MAGA, right? #PublicSchoolsWeek #BetsyDeVos
Well, except for the kid.
You aren’t qualified to run a PTA, let alone run our public education system. You’re an embarrassment. You have no shame, which I suppose comes with being a billionaire who has never had to work for anything in their life.
Yes, so they should stand up and demand that high-stakes testing be diminished and school funding made equitable for all!
No VOUCHERS unless accepted as FULL payment otherwise just a stipend for super rich $50,000 a year Schools.
Teacher sends letter home with child advising parent to read/kid, parent complains, school fires teacher. Good teacher that cared
Absolutely right and thank you. On every level parents must teach their children to value education and participate in it.
Stop ranting! You’re starting to act like trump. Just get out!
Privatized education (AKA ‘charter schools’ ) are not the answer to fixing our public school system. Just look at Betsy’s Home state of Michigan. You are unqualified and corrupt. Resign!
Cool. Resign.
School Choice only helps the wealthy. That has been proven again and again. Where do the students with learning disabilities, behavior problems, mental health issues go exactly when you destroy the schools that cannot pick & choice? They go no place..and that is your goal.
Step 1) Resign
Madam Secretary, can you clarify why you don't believe that students themselves have the greatest stake in the outcome of their education?
Bam!
Actually our society has the greatest need for educated people
But who determines best? What if parents as a consumer are sold lemons? Who gets sued?
You have way too much to do to be on Twitter!
Said the rich lady who steals from college students and whose kids were homeschooled & attended private schools and who never set foot inside an underpriveleged & under funded school in Michigan.
School choice destroys public schools the backbones of our communities. You single handedly destroyed the Michigan public school system with your school choice propaganda. School choice is just  a way around desegregation.
I call BS on that.  POC want, and use #SchoolChoice at a higher rate than whites where it is offered.
Wrong
Yes indeed, you are as wrong as wrong can get.  Check out how many poc are praying their kid can win a fracking lottery to get in to a school they want!  Biggest shame around...#AMindIsATerribleThingToWaste
I direct you to the economic policy institute website to read studies on the downfalls of charter schools. Educate yourself. Have a feeling you are a magatard so that might be impossible.
Parents didn't choose you. It is your responsibility to ensure that ALL schools are providing quality education. This is a mandate that goes back to the Massachusetts Bay Colony of the 17th century. Educate yourself and do your job or resign.
As a father of two I totally agree 100%, that's why you should resign since you are clearly unfit for your position.
Your definition of school choice only perpetuates inequality.
Public money should go to public schools, not in your self serving pocket and no accountability.  #greed
Your family has spent probably 120 million on politics. You are the failed result that will end up less than a historical hash tag. Change hobbies. Have lunch at The Bob or Leo’s ... but go away.
You are an embarrassment to our education system. You’re useless. And you have no F business heading this department. I can’t wait for you to be fired when the #BlueWave2018  arrives.
All these #grifters sell things to you as a “choice” problem is, eventually they own all the choices....
You are THE worst
They should also have a say in who is in charge of their children's education! Not an incompetent buffoon who bought her position from another illegitimate buffoon!
We will.  Because children are the intellectual infrastructure and workforce of the future, you have to look at public schools as an industry to develop America's workforce.  You have to try hardest with public schools.  Sec'y Devos, JOIN the PTA and start now.  Don't privatize!
#ThankYouBetsy
#WeNeedOurDads!!
#PTALegCon
Doing a great job Betsy!!! Parent choice!!!!!!!!
I want my power to fire you for incompetence.
Why are you crippling schools that are already underfunded?
Seems to me you were appointed to make sure America's students are getting the BEST public education. I smell an #EpicFail #PTALegCon
They should also be given access to research and what works; dispel a few myths about what works etc. 

Written feedback for example:

https://www.teachertoolkit.co.uk/2018/02/10/dear-parent/ … #edchat
That is why every parent should have the option for school choice. If you leave it to the states (especially the blue state controlled by the public sector unions) that decision won’t happen.



But not have to mortgage their live away to pay for it.

I'm a parent, so here's the solution: 
1) Strengthen public schools instead of selling our kids' educations to your wealthy buddies. It doesn't work, anyway; your own graph after your miserable 60 Minutes performance showed MI schools below national average.
2) AUS style gun ban.
I told you take your 200 million and go home
It would be really great if you had a panel discussion with Nikole Hannah-Jones. Let's discuss the importance of public schools and the re-segregation of our schools. The #publicschool is the best defense of a democratic nation. (small d)

But parents have no choice when it comes to which old white lady is running the Department of Education.
Her teeth are young.  She's got the receipts to prove it.
Airhead!
You made a fool of yourself on television… You should probably lay off the tweeting..

YES, to school choice !

They should also be afforded the chance to send their children to quality public schools that are not stripped of funding bc you want to peddle your charter schools!
#RethinkFools
So, to home-school them with lots of looney religious indoctrination?

Do something positive for all children: resign.
So is there a hotline where parents can call in and demand your resignation?

Lol, keep those checks flowing to Trump or you might be the next tweet-fire.
Absolutely !  Having raised six, I cannot agree more MsDeVos.
Let me guess how many of them became professors, novelists, human rights lawyers, surgeons, engineers, social workers, or scientists. 

Gee...
You are unqualified and have no idea what you are doing. It's obvious.

Resign NOW.
Yes. Parents choice and rights supersede that over a school
 Choice is imperative.
And with that I leave @NationalPTA
Education Spending Accounts could guarantee parents that power!
...or they could destroy public education, promote insane religious curricula, and hurt all Americans. 

Which is more likely? Hmmm....
That is why you shouldn’t be allowed near schools.
