All you care about is profit. How did ECOT work out? Massive fraud and $60 million stolen from public schools. You’re a scam artist.

Anaheim, CA? You aren’t even Ohioans. You care about profit, not students. ECOT was a fraud that made up attendance numbers & stole $60 MILLION from taxpayers so that the top officials could make huge salaries. #corrupt
Working. The world is big. In 2018, technology allows the best teachers in the world to connect with students anywhere in the world. Are you ready?
If every kid has access to the needed technology...millions do not.
Understood- connectivity especially in rural areas a big challenge but improving each year. That’s one of the many things I love about ECOT. They (teachers and curriculum) aren’t waiting for the train to arrive and have been evolving with tech for 17 years. #saveECOT
At ECOT, technology is not some temporary bolt-on to the traditional classroom. Technology is the classroom. Teachers use their platform to overcome emerging challenges that more and more students now face-the challenges of place, time and environment.
You’re literally liking and retweeting your OWN tweets. Get a grip. ECOT had one of the worst graduation rates in the nation, and THE WORST dropout rate in the nation. Why did ECOT make up 9,000 fake students?


You are an evil woman who only cares about profit. You’re an active enabler of the Larry Nassars of the world. Resign from a job you clearly bought and paid for in campaign donations to Republicans.

Education professionals who are well paid working in well equipped schools and supported by parents and communities are the best at ensuring a great education u twit.
And how do propose this be accomplished?
So true. For example, I know it’s best for my LGBTQ child to use the restroom safely at school.
Speaking of parents AND students, educators, et al....when it came down to it, you hid. How dare you block those who had #Comments4Betsy from entering your building. This is your job!!! @BadassTeachersA
I saw a child alone in an unlocked car with no car seat in a parking lot at midnight. Lots of people do not know what’s right for their child, we need leaders and systems that do more than just give the dummies what they want. That’s leadership.

I teach preschool at a community college, and I'd like to talk for a bit about how we prepare in case an active shooter situation were to arise on campus.
Most of the time I’d agree but then we have ALOT of absentee parents who do nothing to help their children b/c their self absorbed & abdicate their duties to our schools. In this equation we must hold parents accountable! 
What if my child's uniqueness is being transgender?
Then it needs counseling as well as a proper education.

Remember that day, like last Thurs., you locked parents out of the USDOE? #Comments4Betsy #WeChoose
Dont need schools, turn into  shooting RANGES........Detest #resist #DEVIL
Then listen to parents of trans children please.

Unless one’s name is @NancyPelosi then she knows what’s best for everyone—cause no one but her knows what she is talking about.
As long as they fit your limiting definition of what "right" is, hmmmm?  Frankly, you're a despicable human being.  You stand for nothing of worth.  You are willing to harm thousands, if not millions, of children for your own financial gain.  May karma kick you in the A$$.
And if they don't? Then Jesus doesn't care about them?

I always, despite all evidence, think of you as a nice, maybe a little dim, lady with actual religious conviction.

How does that work with you being this cruel and ineffective? Curious.
I agree with your quote. A parent of a transgendered child knows better than the government which restroom is appropriate for their child.
"Parents know their children’s unique needs better than any government official" unless that kid is trans, right? Then y'all are the experts?
#ProtectTransKids
Really? Schools used to help tie our country together. If we go 350 million different ways why is that better?
What if they only have a single parent or no parent at all..leave them in the trash I guess. Leave the children that need us most behind. How do you sleep at nigh?
You need to go work for the private entities. Oh wait!
That means all the money I spent on my daughter's  masters degree in special education was a waste because she could just ask parents how to teach their kids? You make no sense at all - parents rely on educated educators to help their children learn #
You need NEW GHOST WRITER she isnt working out. Quit changing and FIX you idiot people........
Parents have a right to chose! #vouchers #choice
Private schools should never be publicly funded. #vouchers #supportschools
You're a fool.
Quick Betsy! What does IEP stand for!
“It actually sounds quite equitable.” Not!
What about those who want an education but their parents will not fight for them or can't. They are left behind those of rich, well positioned parents.  So what do the poor do????
Have you met some of the parents out there these days?  I could tell you stories all day about how parents depend on their child's school to take care of everything.  Your train of thought include Parents knowing that title ix has been weakened by you? 
Stop your STUPID policies
Shoot lady, would you criticize the hospital janitor for trying to perform brain surgery???   Do you get it that people are outraged that you bought your position??
That you are unqualified???
Check your mail, clown.
You are totally unqualified.  You should have expected criticism as you whittle away the rights of students and disrespect professionals in education.
You're absolutely right. And most parents disagree with your positions on education.  So stop whining about your hurt feelings and start listening to those who understand education.  You have a lot to learn!

@BetsyDeVosED 
- Why are y'all so MEAN to me?

everyone answers…
Resign.
oh look at you, still hawking to privatize education and deny those who are poor the right to one at all. besides, being incompetent and having ZERO experience in the field, you're also heartless—unless of course i just hurt your feeling. (and yes, it's singular on purpose)
What u talk about is paths2draining resources away from parents least prepared2ensure a child's education on their own(e.g. the poor and uneducated). Charter, voucher and faith-based) draw resources from the public system--the ONLY system in place2guarantee the poor ANY education
Choice = segregation.
I knew I should of never taken that pedagogy class....
Thank you Betsy DeVos we need you looking out for us in Washington. Our children need your support. Keep up the great work. Let's work to make our school great again.
https://twitter.com/kimvanderkelen/status/961612280818487296 …
A restaurant can have a buffet with an infinite amount of options. It doesn't mean that the food is better than a nearby restaurant which specializes in a few dishes. Choice is not the issue. Rather the issues include oversight and student access to fair and equal resources.
Every family deserves a decent school for their children to go to. The "choice" you are talking about doesn't exist. We're not fooled by your anti-government rhetoric
Also: you have ethics conflicts. #resign
Mrs.DeVos.Please look into related services for children with http://disabilities.it 's unfair and a http://disaster.In  Fla if they get any speech, OT,PT at all it's about half an hour a week!Pretending to show progress and lead them to indep is nearly impossible!!!Not fair.
Our kids in public schools need better quality food and I wish it was as good as 70's -80. Good food is essential. I am Thankful and grateful to you and your precious family. GOD bless you
Sadly to this food for all to many is the only food they get for the day
I totally agree. I have an example; A low income single mom in Las Vegas rented an apartment 8 miles away from her work place in N. Las Vegas so her little boy can go to a charter school.  We need more of them.  And #endcommoncore
I know.
Also, it’s time to resign. You have zero education in education. Take your dogma elsewhere.
Except no. Parents aren’t educators; they’re parents. You’re also assuming every child has parents that have the time and money to be available to navigate the education system.
My intention is not to be cruel, but honest. You have no educational degrees, no experience or idea how to teach children with a multitude of needs, yet you sit on your bought and paid for throne, and profess to know how to “fix” the educational system. Such a cruel joke you are.
Your statement is certainly true of one government official.

Her name? Take a guess.
Hey Betsy, @JerryBrownGov is trying to intervene on #HomeSchooling parents. What do you plan on doing about it?
So out of touch

How about the teaching of Muslim environment I keeping seeing popping up on social media? What the Hell are you doing to keep the 5 pillars of Islam out of ALL American schools? I went to an American school in a Muslim country, NEVER learned anything about Islam. (1of2)
(2of2)
My school NEVER had a field trip to a Mosque either.
This is America and if this is happening here, DeVos has the power to  put a stop to this NOW.
Check out NEPC Resources on #schoolchoice at http://nepc.colorado.edu/topic/school-choice …

Your school choice is all about money. You have no concept of the average American
Unless their parent is @BetsyDeVosED
Especially government officials who are not qualified for and bought their way into their position! 


Just received my ticket for the State of the Union. Looks like @BetsyDeVosEd was in charge of spell checking... #SOTUniom 
LMAO! Looks like Betsey Devouce was in charge of spelling!
if only parents were involved. even you werent involved in your childrens education.

Think again DeFraud. Have you ever met 100s of parents from hi-poverty homes? They don't always know what's best for themselves.
Instead we should be asking why schools are underperforming and how do we remedy it...not encouraging wealthy families to abandon public schools.

UNIOM? Really? Head Of Education My Ass 
Hey Betsy, did you design the tickets for the State of the Uniom? Pathetic!
Uniom

If they are middle/upper class...most do! However, what about the majority of low income who are just worried about food, clothing, shelter?Fund and provide man power to neighborhood public schools to support these struggling families.
Secretary DeVos this is Weston Imer I was the young man outside the Starbucks in Washington Harbor this evening! Please give me a call or message me on Twitter I would love to talk to you!!!!
What children need are access to public schools with appropriate funding and staffing....more and more funds are being directed away from public schools resulting in staffing cuts and not enough resources for our children.
Given their lack of pedagogical expertise and general ignorance of their current range of choice, proclaiming parents as the "best-positioned" to make academic decisions is simply baseless.
ISSUES: This does NOT include special needs, very poor and migrant children. They will be VERY UNDERSERVED by your plan
Are you saying that the current standard education these students receive is sub par?
Do you think educators in public schools don’t know how to address the “unique needs” of students in their classrooms?   It amazes me what public school staff do on a daily basis with fewer & fewer resources.   They educate ALL students regardless of SES, disability, race, etc..
I am inclined to disagree to a point
A choice is supposed to mean that parents choose schools, not school can choose students!
#PublicEducation #SpecialEducation
You are a fraud. Zero qualifications for the job. Your family will suffer with your failed legacy

I sent message to Betsy Devos and copied POTUS, on a idea to create a platform for herself and the edjucation system. #Reply?
Betsy we need to dismantle schools that are indoctrinating our children. This incident at El Rancho HS is tip of the iceberg. It’s THE biggest scandal. It’s tearing nation apart, producing   and must be reversed


The beneficiaries would be limited to a few billionaires, gangsters, and some lackeys would have quickly found out how disposable they really were.…

It has take many professionals the greatest effort they've ever made, but the results are almost, finally, ready.

A lifelong criminal was supported in an illegitimate bid for the presidenc…
Of course parents know their children needs! CHIP for their medical needs, a well funded Public School System with Music &Arts programs, nutritious school lunch, programs for children with autism, equal access to education for disabled children and so on.
"Parents know their children’s unique needs better than any government official..."

This is actually false. Many government officials have advanced degrees and training in Education, and know much more about educational methodologies and curricula than the majority of parents.
Amen!
The wisdom of experience guides our citizens to prepare each other, our churches and parents in nurturing, supporting & educating our children.
To consider our government as a replacement for these efforts is pure ignorant folly......
This country has a SERIOUS problem with EDUCATIONAL FUNDS being STOLEN from young people who enroll in SOME Community Colleges, and have their ED $$ WASTED on USELESS PRE-REQUISITES OF NO VALUE to anyone other than the SO-CALLED TEACHERS who get paid to "teach" them.  DISGUSTING.
Betsy DeVos met with Michigan State president Lou Anna Simon on September 20th. Two days later, DeVos rolled back Title IX protections for sexual assault victims on college campuses.
I say make people STAY & fight for thier local schools. Instead of running away to a SCHOOL OF CHOICE. Parents are lazy & blame the schools
Yes choice, kill public schools instead of making them better in their communities.
You are definitely the wrong choice for children.  Do what Is best for America- RESIGN.
unacceptable for a public servant!
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos bans journalists from her US Mayors Conference lecture https://shareblue.com/betsy-devos-bans-journalists-from-her-us-mayors-conference-lecture/#.Wmzlj4ZWrtI.twitter …
Why don’t you just cut to the chase, Betsy? What is the main agenda you are pushing here. We are all grown adults here. Many of us can see righ through the lies.
And you know absolutely nothing! The most unqualified person to ever buy this position.

At the altar of "education" students have sacrificed owning homes. Saddled with $1.4 trillion in hyper inflated student loan debt their debt-to-income ratios prevent them from buying houses. That's what happens…
Vile GOP
All parents?
Resign @BetsyDeVosED.  You are unqualified, corrupt and a hypocrite.  Our students deserve more.
Good point considering you are a government official.   A dog turd on the sidewalk has a better understanding of the learning needs of our youth than you.   This is the first time we've agreed. Now just resign and focus on your obsessive teeth bleaching habit.
Sometimes I wonder how you failed this far upwards.
No vouchers !


And what intern wrote this op ed for you? You are #unqualifified #swampwater #ivorytowerelitistcoward who didn't earn your seat. You bought it. Dishonoring all who actual served. #RethinkDeVos @realDonaldTrump
Stop screwing with our education system.
@BetsyDeVosED  you know nothing about teaching children from poverty your school works okay with middle class and rich kids. Those are the only kids who will be able to use vouchers because private schools are not going to take only the amount of the voucher.
Just if u don't know ur timeline in ur position is the same as Trumps in his. Wink wink
What about kid with special needs? Or the kid who can’t afford transportation to the fancy school? Or the kid in a rural area with no other options? Don’t gut our public schools!
You should meet some of the parents I deal with. You might reconsider...
Magnets:the original chouce. Go to http://magnet.edu .
I support you 100 percent.
When you write "government official" are you including public school teachers? I'm pretty sure that public school teachers know the academic needs of their students. After all, they are experts in both pedagogy and those children. What do parents know about pedagogy?
Nothing. But hey she can get some homeschool program going at a fraction of the cost of a licensed teacher because she thinks that will compensate for poverty fetal alcohol syndrome and neglect, all of which public school teachers deal with daily
Yes ma'am!!!!
Betsy DeVos is trying to gut the law that helped send abuser Larry Nassar to prison

I totally agree with choice, many would choose this if they knew more about it
It is really too bad that Trump's cabinet isn't an actual cabinet. The entire cabinet of massive douches could be locked in it for the next 5 years.
#devoslegacy
Yes, parents do know their child's needs. All children need equal quality in public schools and fully funded arts, music , special Ed/needs programs. That's not fixed with bullshit unqualified teachers in for profit charter schools. Resign.
I am an opponent of choice but I know many, many parents do NOT know their kids’ needs, and public schools have way too many incompetent teachers. The system needs to be fixed. Choice et al allows the GOP to run away from that challenge and from any responsibility for poor kids.
Ummm.
Betsy DeVos met with Michigan State president Lou Anna Simon on September 20th. Two days later, DeVos rolled back Title IX protections for sexual assault victims on college campuses.
Betsy DeVos: The Religious Right’s Education Agenda
Some parent neglect their children and dont have a clue! But those kids deserve just as good an education as any other child.
http://fortune.com/2017/09/07/betsy-devos-title-ix-sexual-assault/ … #despicable .@GOP  u must be so proud of this administration #FAMILYVALUES @BetsyDeVosED money cannot buy class or character #BlueWaveIsComing
Yes, because  when you want an objective read on a child you ask their parents.  Brava Devos... brava good to see your 0 years of experience serving you well.
Some teachers r fantastic and others have the mindset that they r gods it is knowones place to inform Elementary age children about lbgqt or what to expect when the start their feminine cycle or miscarriages, this information is for the perents to tell their children
What about accountability? Have you learned the difference between growth and proficiency? Can you ensure that students will not be discriminated against or bullied in a charter school?
Yes some teachers spend more time with children than the parents, that does not give the state or the government the right to teach or brainwash r children with the beliefs of the teacher or politician
Yes! I also know common core is a joke! Kids are only learning to pass tests. No true knowledge! It’s quite sad to watch the decline!
Parents often rely on teachers, professionals, for advice.
Resign you are a lousy “educator”.
Wrong again....
Parents have not studied education or how to teach, and therefore they are NOT the best people to decide what type of educational environment is right for kids
Since you have nothing else better to do than being just plain clueless how about you answer as to when you met with disgraced Michigan State president Lou Anna Simon last Sept and 2 days later, you rolled back Title IX protections for sexual assault victims on college campus
Considering you do not have a degree in education, have never been an educator, and do not know the difference between proficiency and growth in terms of measuring student success, I would say you are completely and utterly unqualified to lead the dept or explain this issue.
Absolutely!
Teachers know more about education than you!  We need a new Secretary of Education #secretartofeducationchoice
Actually professional educators know best.
What’s your position on providing equal access to all these choices?
she said ok as long as black people are forced out. me, i think that's just wrong
you're such a dolt. go put on your artistry cosmetics and do the laundry with SA8.
Teachers are professional meeters of needs, and should be included in ALL  conversations about student needs. We have way more to do with a child’s education than both gov’t officials and families, though with the latter’s support we can do so much more!
Absolutely.....wonderful response to the idiot in charge of our children's education!
Says a person with zero experience working in education just bought your way through to put up a stupid idea that really puts tons of kids at a disadvantage!
No VOUCHERS unless accepted as FULL PAYMENT.Otherwise just a stipend for super rich 50 thousand A yr Schools like Trump's family.
Perhaps they know their child's unique needs (but I'm not sure what that means), but do they know what to do with that knowledge (if it is actually something that can be verbalized or conceptualized)?
ARE YOU CRAZY?? NO FAITH BASED edication with PUBLIC MONEY!! This isn't IRAQ!!
.
You’re doing a wonderful job. Don’t give an inch. Bring morals, ethics, and truthfulness back Into the classroom. Bring back General education including arts and music push all of the liberal socialist materials out
If you had ANY EDUCATION at all - you would be ndersyNd TEACHERS see what is best for a child!!!
The charter school you propped up failed. You are a failure. You’re life is a failure.
Vouchers please.
I couldn't agree more, government official @BetsyDeVosED! You know nothing of the unique needs of any of our students so why don't you go back to your mansion and live out your days in silence!
Parents don’t always understand educational needs better than educators, which you are not and is why you are completely unqualified to hold this position, let alone have anything substantive to say about it. Please resign, and let the pros do this job properly.
Washington  state is voting on a civil law bill today about giving precedent of your race over your academics to get into college. So what do I tell my white kids work hard and get good grades but the black or Hispanic will get your spot based on the color of there skin
Dear _+@SenMurray,
A very honest+frank parent knows better.
my dad is an example of insecure helpless=@IUBloomington @Phd @GoogleForEdu.

When @NSF @nature @JAMA_current @JSTOR @editorsofficial author @open_textbooks @AppleEDU we will escape a 65% Median bombing @ProfFeynman DNA.
"We deserve the right to be ignorant!"
The “government officials” that HTEA represents know more about “children’s unique needs” than profiteers, gimmick mongers, and proponents of pseudoscience. The members of HTEA work WITH parents and taxpayers as partners to deliver public education for all kids.
Thanks @BetsyDeVosED @virginiafoxx and @SenAlexander for what you do for children. I hope you will see the comments I posted below. Please also see
Yes @BetsyDeVosED thank you so much for limiting possibilities for our students with disabilities. What a difference you’ve made  GET A REAL TEACHER IN OFFICE. PLEASE!!
A clear indication you don't know the "whole" story. I'm willing to bet approximately half of parents don't know or care.  Those are the students and parents I worked with.  You really should get info from all sides before misrepresenting the facts.
Parents insist that greater access to Charter, Magnet, and Private school schools must become easier. Students are a diverse group with many interest.  Not everyone wants to be a Teacher, IT, or Biologist.
Yup but we don’t have the money to pay for that greatness.
Quit Devos. Your in a shrinking minority and all your money can't change that
Teachers know children’s needs better than government officials and, sometimes, parents. They are professionals like doctors and should be treated as such!
Many teachers spend more time with the kids than the parents do.
Sure feels good to work at home, in your oceanfront mansion on Vero Beach. Working on your tan and sipping mint juleps while you  advocate for poor black children in inner city schools.
While in general this is true, the problem is that parents interpretation of a child’s needs may be biased by their own personal perceptions of reality. True education of a child should be team effort between parent and teachers, where teachers are the unbiased counselor.
If the individuality of students is important to acknowledge, why are states rewarded for making all students take the exact same test to determine “learning?”
Agreed! Following up to that, if students individuality is so important to you, why are the students with disabilities excluded from your “wonderful” school choice program? #PublicSchoolsFirst
When I see the all the data my son's 3rd grade teacher presents during parent teacher conferences.  I must admit she knows his academic needs better than me. @BetsyDeVosED  would you like to tag along? #1stpublicschoolparentteacherconference @PattieCittadino
