STAND UP for teachers NOT to be expected to carry guns. Do not make "Are you good with guns?" central to interviews for teachers. Make questions related to TEACHING and LEARNING important when choosing teachers.
#Dummy
Please resign.
We could keep kids safe and protected by getting rid of you.
I’m just a teacher in TX. I would love to work with you to help find solutions for school safety. Summer internship possibly? I have an idea that I would pursue research for a PhD.
Then do an internship under someone who 1) knows something about education and 2) knows something about research. That person is not Betsy.
Thanks for your response, but the idea is to surround her with ppl who are educated with individuals who are researched based and knowledgable about education. My intention wouldn’t be to learn, but help her deficit-thinking. Her ideas are well intended,
She *is* surrounded by those people. The career individuals at DoEd, many hold PhDs in various areas of Education and years of experience. She chooses not to learn. And interns go somewhere to learn, not to inform those already there.
Yes, as you stated interns do go somewhere to learn. My sole intent is to learn from those who work within the dept. Currently she heads the dept. I may not change her mind set, but it would further my interest in working for the Dept. of Ed.
Except students of color. You made it clear you don’t understand the most basic bit of concept of disproportionate disciplinary action. You want to roll back civil rights protections that are necessary; some of us have dedicated careers to this.
NOT TRUE!  Look at the other countries who have ACTUALLY solved this problem! Your double speak is easy to see through!
We? How are you qualified to make any recommendations?
Mental health resources and support, right?
Instead of state testing let's talk about manditory mental health screenings for our students.  Hire Heidi and I, #weknow
#toast
Has anybody ask Betsy Devos how much all those pearls cost? Maybe $100,000 dollars? She is a self-absorbed, rich white Jew woman who is suppose to be advocating for poor black children in urban schools. She refuses to.
@BetsyDeVosED betsywhat types of policy and funding can you support to Social/Emotional learning as a means of true prevention? And dont forget, we cordially invite you to @IthacaNYSchools to walk with us!
Yesss
You talk a lot. You like taking I think. Either resign or get off your ass and do something instead of only talk!!!
@Sassafras_Knob @realDonaldTrump Please hold School Boards, Principal's, & Teachers responsible for not making
It amazes me how little your tweets r being paid attention. Let me explain your problem. The US does not believe your the person for this job. You 100% proved that disapproval on 60 minutes. Might I ask, what’s your educational background is?? I bet not much.
One size does fit all... The money to actually sustain the school.
Beyond unqualified to be anything but a lady who goes to lunch. Go home Betsy! Let someone who is educated replace you.
I have suggestions to make public schools safe. How about using the tools that keep other public buildings safe.Trained security guards, metal detectors located at the entrance the students and public use, a police dog assigned to each school.Student safety is worth the price.
Run-on sentence with zero substance.
When it comes 2 safety & protection altho details differ according 2 circumstances - a school on  hill vs next to a lake, near a highway vs inside bear country - some things _are_ 1sizefitsall: human predators r stopped by alert, armed parents, teachers, & adult college students.
When is something going to be done then? I am afraid to walk into my school everyday. I'm a student in Grand Rapids Public Schools, which you sure should know a lot about. Let's stop talking about public vs charter and private and spend time putting our money into school safety.
But didn't you just say in your 60 Minutes interview, "We should be funding and investing in students, not in school buildings, not in institutions, not in systems." 
How will you protect my child from disintegrating structures our outdated/moldy/dangerous building materials?
Have you visited any schools for autistic children yet?
@Sassafras_Knob @realDonaldTrump P2 responsible for not making  students stay in class all day long everyday!

Not With Vouchers You Won't !
Except gun control, right? I doubt you'll raise any questions, ideas or solutions that involve that.
Please help raise the age to purchase weapons to 21 and ban the sale of assault weapons.
Resign. I’m tired of hearing your worn out talking points and I’m tired of you utter lack of competence.
So, you’re resigning?
I hope you will include actual teachers and students and principals and parents and higher ed professionals and law enforcement officers. At the rate you’ve been going, you could use some actual voices from within the field.
Do you have any of those ideas or solutions? Sure didn't look like it. #resign
Guns! To protect against grizzly bears!!!!
Keeping them safe with more guns is not the solution. I know it would benefit your brother and your family if all our tax $$ go to “hardening” public schools into military compounds, but that’s not what school is about. Spend the money on more teachers and counselors.

Are you partners or overwhelmingly influenced br the N.R.A,?
What qualifies you to offer solutions orveven ideas? Education is a long way away from pyramid schemes and inheriting your wealth #whatareyourqualifications
who writes this tripe for you...WE continue to raise questions about how unqualified you are for this position and we have many ideas and solutions to keep students safe from destructive (re:  Michigan) policies you have shoved down our throats

@davetg @VickiRodrigue11
So trump told you to start tweeting, eh? 

This still applies...

You are an international joke! Stay home and enjoy your Billions $$$
Oh please, do us a favor & #ResignNOW #EducationForAll #FireDeVos #Complicit #Unqualified #BetsyDeVos

1/ For those of you watching the Betsy DeVos interview, some background: https://twitter.com/axios/status/972996794757140486 …
Why not get rid of body guards and security for any public worker and then arm them as well?  Would you consider that as model?  We would save a lot on security and fund schools again.
Have been a fan since day 1! Thank you Ms. DeVos for your commitment to America's children!

You could start by caring about children. Please resign. We do not want you.
It is easy... GUN Reform! Stop talking -start acting! #NRAKillsKids #devosMustGo
I never knew how stupid you were until I saw you on 60 minutes. I can't imagine a worse choice to lead education. You were unable to articulate a single argument. You are a national embarrassment
Resign now. You are grossly unqualified to be our country's Secretary of Education.
Yes because you never know when a bear will attack!  I’d prefer a bear to you as head of the DOE.
Well, start by not defunding public schools and adding money and resources for enough capable counselors for all students might be a better approach than arming teachers abd involving Jesus.
Resign please
Give every child the right to bear arms! That’s the way to ensure safety!

Agreed. Push for gun control so kids don’t have to die at school. Don’t weaken IDEA so disabled kids can still get an education like everyone else. You know what? Sorry, that’s probably too much to ask. Why don’t you resign and let someone who is competent take over?
IN CASE YOU HAVEN'T HEARD THE SCHOOL STUDENTS ARE COMING FOR #NRA & ANY OF YOUR CRONY POLITICIANS TAKING NRA MONEY. YOU WILL BE ON RADAR TOO. #March4OurLives @davidhogg111 @Emma4Change YOU ARE A FRAUD. OUT

What about transgender students? #Unqualified #Elitist #Transphobic  #Resign
This is all bullshit. Because until you're willing to make sure weapons with high-kill capacity are unavailable to people, children will die. In effect, you're advocating for "reducing" murders. But not eliminating them. That's not good enough; in fact, its reprehensible.
Please listen to parents.
It is simple. Other countries have done it. If you are truly interested in the welfare of our students, rather than your own financial interests, you will support a BAN on ASSAULT WEAPONS. Arming teachers who are already overworked and underpaid is ludicrous and dangerous. Resign
How about a ban on assault weapons?
Devos you are Disgusting and Dishonest.
Corrupt Devos
One Solution that would surely work would be for you to Resign!
Thank you! Keep on the good work! As a Black mother I thank God every day for you. THIS is why we elected @realDonaldTrump ! We NEED charter schools. Stay strong in the Lord. Those that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength.
Guns for grizzlies is a catchy policy for you to pursue
Ban Grizzlies first; worry about mentally ill later.
End CommonCore
But we won’t answer any of those questions.
How would you know!? You wouldn't talk to the kids in Florida. You looked like you were running for the door.  Do you have any plans for the schools or you just waiting for #chimpincharge to save the day!?
Arming teacher is a one-size-doesn’t-fit anyone proposition. 
Safety includes freedom from autism causing mandatory vaccines. Clean drinking water which some schools lack. Teachers that are mental stable and have a temperament for what they do. Small classes and States should reprioritize their funding for schools first and not last.
Arming teachers is absolute stupidity.  How much is the NRA paying you?
Thank you for caring for these kids.  Liberal policies have failed them for decades.
Ok, next you'll be hearing from kids and parents about Sex Education, also not a one side fits all issue. #ComprehensiveSexEducation #LGBTQRights #OutlawConversionTherapy
Ha ha, did I say side? I meant size, but it works!
Resign
Teach respect, discipline, love for one another, good Character would be the First Step..Most importantly, this includes being assure that No destructive ways are being coerced upon their children!
Then stop trying to support charters and let the public money go to public schools to make them safer!
You need to take your Russian money and shove it up your ass.
you will try to protect rich, white, Christian students. Fixed it for you. 

You know eventually those kids that you keep ignoring are going to be old enough to vote you and your friends out of office, right?
This is a long post that says absolutely nothing.
Evil witch watch for falling houses
Gun control? That would be a no brained.
God Bless you Betsy DeVos
@BetsyDeVosED
Resign.
Get rid of the guns
Since when is there a one-size-fits-all approach? When? When you went to your fancy private schools? That’s not what public schools are like. It’s just you don’t know because you’ve never taught.
You are a year in. You are clueless. You want to punish children by their color. 
Shame on you.
That was a completely empty statement. You really don’t know how to do your job, do you. Why don’t you resign & go back to your old life as an wealthy aristocrat & stop pretending to run the Dept of Education.
What about bombs and knives that are also being brought to schools and used to cause harm?  We need to unite for our children.  Please consider this program as it addresses so many issues that lead to school violence. #Bond4Natural Helpers
Such a bland, safe, vanilla statement, ugh
You have no clue what you’re talking about. You embarrass yourself every time you attempt to talk about anything education-related.
Yea I saw you trying to give this canned answer three times just now on #60minutes and you looked like an unprepared fool
The #solution is actually quite simple. This #OpenLetter also reveals the questions that need to be raised and ideas that should be implemented #ItsNotAboutGuns #everyoneknew #Parkland #WalkingOut
I suppose you will suggest they hire Blackstone Group snipers for every school.
You’re unfit and unqualified and need to resign #incompetent #badfor
You are the dumbest of all the secretaries of education and should resign because you have zero qualifications, no real insight, just the desire to take public education money to give to your rich friends who supplement their own kids private schools.#60Minutes
I have BREAKTHROUGH research you NEED to see! It will impact SCHOOL SHOOTINGS and COLLEGE SEXUAL ASSAULTS and MUCH MORE! I called and emailed you, but no one ever got back to me.
You don’t believe this.  You just think it’s what you have to say so you can make more money.
#NoEvangelicalChristianSharia
the GOP has done nothing to obstruct - a BLUE WAVE will take care of that in November
Ban assault weapons that were designed to kill as many people as possible in the shortest amount of time. It is the weapon of choice for mass shooters in our country. They were designed for military use, not for civilians. Our children & people deserve much better!
What is your solution?  Please don’t give the local control response.
You’re not answering the questions #60minutes
Is this your attempt at damage control? #60Minutes
Too late, she can say only what has been prepared and rehearsed. She appeared not to have knowledge in any areas where one would expect specific answers
Watching your interview on CBS and I am amazed again by what you DON’T know about public ed.
The answer is #GunControlNow
Do U ever wake up In the middle of the night sweating and having hallucinations of ur confirmation hearings? Do you ever rethink your grizzly bear Answer and say to urself “I really should not be in this job?”
Can we hire the vets as Security? About five per school depending on size. Why five? Two at cameras at all times while in session. Two rovers. And one head. 

Each to receive from the funds we are taking from Planned Parenthood. And place the Bible back in the classroom.
There are a lot of vets. That need jobs. And they will be able to help support themselves and get off the streets at the same time.
The first thing you have to do is declare schools are not gun free zones Then a threat assessment & have teachers, staff or security trained & armed to protect the school
Watched DeVos on 60 minutes, nothing she said about her efforts to change education for choice schools sounds positive. More negative. She likes to smile for the camera!
Her hair, perfect, her teeth, blinding white, her clothes, elegant... yet, all that work to look good and not answer one question...
You are completely unqualified for anything related to public education. Please resign.
DeVos-style question and solution process:
The only reason you got this gig is because of your brother and your millions. RESIGN!
President Obama and Congress passed NITT after Sandy Hook.  Now we are having the same discussion.  Please come visit a Project AWARE LEA and see how we have addressed these issues.  Everyone is asking what can be done but no one is looking at what has already been done.#please
Hopefully DeVos will leave when her brother is indicted for lying and conspiracy. Both of them Un American stooges for Trump and Russia.
Please look into the situation in Oklahoma.  Somethings not right.  Citizens being taken advantage of by corruption at all levels.
Because if you really wanted to change something you would hire me right next to you. But you're not going to do nothing just like that African doctor that came up with CTE.
This might be your most accurate tweet. Mostly because I’m sure you raise lots of questions at work because you don’t know anything about your job.
You sounded like a jackass on 60 min..please do us all a favor and resign!!!!!
Keep up the great work. Thank you for your efforts.
Whay grade do you teach?
You are failing bigly on 60 Minutes right now. You are sadly under-qualified for your job. Please resign!
Well Trump put her in there
You need to rewatch your interview. You got owned.
And you admit that you don't go visit certain schools.
You are not the person for this job.
Um yeah. So why would you want to move someone out of an apartment to the suburbs? Wouldn’t improving public schools in general just be more logical? Then no one would be forced to move/send their kids elsewhere if they did not want to. Add more programs/choice to public schools!
Look at Miss Capricorn you're not going to do nothing for the school systems. You going to be parading around there like Miss Obama that other Capricorn talking about lettuce and tomatoes... you're an earth sign you're not going to change you just have credentials that don't work
Whatever you say PTA mom in charge of American education. Smh
That’s insulting to PTA mom’s, most would run circles around her...

“Downtown whatever?” - Where Betsy DeVos thinks the bad schools are
#Trump2020 
#KeepAmericaGreat
Resign and protect students from the non-existent grizzly bear problem.
Do our critiques hurt your feewings, Betsy?
Um the solution is to keep the assault rifles out of people’s hands. This isn’t complicated. If you care about teachers and students then do something.
Not many people own assault rifles. If you're referring to ar15s they are responsible for a miniscule percentage of all gun deaths. I would think your fight would be against handguns first.
RESIGN!!!
Stop raping student loan borrowers!!
