You don't need that comma. As Secretary of Education, I expect you to use mechanics appropriately.
But she had a big smile and her eyes were really wide open when she tweeted!!
The only way Betsy DeVos can serve education is by becoming a skeleton to be displayed in a junior high science class. I think she should get to work on that right now.
It's talk like this that causes people to become unsure, Unedged, depressed, etc. so much vitriol and hate. Quit with the hate. It will result in less violence, including gun violence will subside.
I do hate Donald Trump, Mike Pence, Betsy DeVos, etc. I hate them. Sorry, but the way I can deal with it is through humor. Dark humor, perhaps, but humor nonetheless. While I wait for those assholes to disappear or die. When they are gone, I will quit hating them.
Wow...dark humor it isn’t. Pathetic is more like it.
Think what you will, Sadie. It matters not to me.
Of course it doesn't matter to you. You fit right in with the party of hate.
I don't hate you, Sadie. I don't know you. I don't care about you. Why are you even contacting me? Do something better with your time. Read a book.
Actually, I should amend my message a bit: if you voted for Donald Trump, then you deserve my hatred.
This woman is a fool.Betsy knows absolutely nothing about schools or teaching in one.Betsy suggested that teachers prepare to kill children by having guns in their classes.Teacher must be all things now. Mommy, Daddy, COP, counselor, detective, academic motivators, & executioner.
Tell it, Robert!
Oh yeah!
#StopSchoolViolenceAct wont make any diff since politicians can’t ensure enforcement of current laws. Government is completely incompetent and corrupted.
#DrainTheSwamp #2A
RESIGN NOW
It's called being BRAVE enough to stand up to the NRA who has held Americans hostage long enough! Sensible gun laws NOW!
Who is NEWPOINT EDUCATION PARTNERS THAT JUST WENT BANKRUPT AS A RESULT OF DEFRAUDING SO CALLED CHARTER SCHOOLS, 5 in Pinella and 1 In Hillsborough school districts. Don’t you have a private charter school business in Florida where this company defrauded the government?
I would like to see you change curriculum and have teachers stop indoctrinating our children with their own agenda. People are so confused today, we don't even know if we are men or women. Oh wait, school says we have no gender. Back to guns...
#Your ideas on how to prevent school violence is outdated. Time for you to go back to high school to develop critical thinking skills which are sorely lacking in your education. Did you attend a private Christian School? Wonder what wasn’t taught?

You're kidding right? You have to use "joke-a-haunt-us? Find someone else to make your point! ROTFL!
Well...ok...then how about this?.....
#GrabEmByThePootyIsAllSadieNeeded #Resist #NotMyPresident
Hilarious!  Makes me proud to be a conservative.
Teachers should have the right to decide if they wish to carry a gun at school. Each state and community differs.
Thank you so much Ms. DeVos
Resign. You’re terrible
A simple device invented by high school student Somerset senior Justin Rivard was inspired in his shop class to try to save lives here. 
”

Made of steel plates and connecting rods, Justin’s device slips beneath a classroom door and latches to the door.
How sad. He could be inventing something amazing to advance the human race, but instead, he’s projected back to Middle Ages warfare prep.
Agreed! And we better train those that are taking the calls from tips to take it very serious.
Weak. Just like your leadership.
It is an injustice that you hold your position. Somebody qualified could strengthen our schools and solve problems, leading to a better future for our country.
Betsy Devos Your FIRED.. LOL
Thank you for not giving up. You take a lot of heat...that's how you know you're right. God bless
Your one serious idiot
Does it include guns?
Guns for teachers?

If so, forget about it. #NeverAgain
How many school shootings have occured at schools which already have some armed teachers? Tell us.
It's the usual pile of nothing, right up your alley
What about the Bears?  I'm concerned 

Betsy DeVos wants to eliminate the very programs she thinks will help stop school violence http://bit.ly/2FMA196  
$1.00 per day per student in a school with enrollment of 1000 students can pay 5 armed security guards $200 per day each to secure a school ..$600B military budget, $60B Home Land Security Budget,  $6.7B TSA Security Budget , Public School Security Budget ZERO
Or Consitution adopted in 1787 has only been reformed 27 times in 231 years .. Might be a goid idea to update our Constitution to reflect the 21st Century  .... 2/3rds of Congress is required for a change . Begin with Term Limitis For Politicians .
The man on the left who wrote our Constitution did not include this on the right ...
I'm sorry Ms. DeVos but I do not see you making real change in our school system. You talk alot about it but I have seen no action. I hope this changes or @realDonaldTrump needs to find a replacement.
Praying for you @BetsyDeVosED . Don’t listen to those naysayers... put your Vision on #SchoolChoice in Actions! Let the results speak for itself...
Whatever

It’s gun violence not school violence. Ban guns
They’re coming to take you away, haha!
Oh, honey, give it up already!!!
What a piece of crap, backed by your friends at the NRA
We will see about that.
You can do alot more for schools....
You can do much more...
Parents are completely shouldering the burden of raising their children, financially, physically, spiritually, intellectually. All to be handed over on a platter to the mind numbing propagandism of the left? They will NOT infringe on my God-given rights! That's why I home-school.

Supporting guns for teachers is nonsense.  Kindly stop accepting funds from the NRA, stop supporting the NRA, kindly work toward sane gun control. THAT would help massively.  Kindly do your homework on true protection. This is ridiculous.
No it does not. It protectors gun manufactures and continues to promote anti life gun culture. It's guns that are the problem.
No it doesn’t
You are just as dangerous to schools as guns and your impact is felt every day.
Toadies and sycophants unite (that includes the house and you ms Devos) - for the NRA payday.
We stop the violence by: SMALLER CLASS SIZES, MORE TEACHERS, MORE TEACHING ASSTS, MORE COUNSELORS, MORE SUPPLIES, BETTER INFRASTRUCTURE, MORE ART, MORE MUSIC, MORE COMMUNITY BUILDING PROGRAMS and INVESTING IN OUR SCHOOLS NOT DRAINING THEM. #VoteThemOut
The Act doesn't even mention the word GUN! And @nra supports it . This thing does not go nearly far enough. It is just a bandaid that ignores the gaping wound: WEAPONS OF WAR are too damn easy to get in America!

#NeverAgain no guns in schools
One step is right. I read the bill means every school in the country will get $600 to "Stop School Violence." Maybe it's more like one crawl, rather than one step.
It's going great so far - excellent idea. 
http://time.com/5199328/seaside-high-school-gun/ …
Where are all the other steps to keep students and educators safe? #ENOUGH
How would you know? You don’t visit struggling schools

Are there any plans to stop teachers endoctrinate children?
RESIGN you are dangerously unfit to serve ...this is the exact opposite of what we need and the blood shed is on YOUR hands Betsy ....if you had a moral compass you would know this.
THESE CHILDREN DO NOT KNOW WHAT SOCIALISM IS DOING TO SCHOOL CHILDREN IN VENEZUELA! Bernie Sanders is surely proud!
Bye, bye, Sec. Deadweight.
This bill is fully supported by the NRA.  That can only mean one thing - It's a do nothing real bill.  Photo Ops, Legislative Theatre, Typical GOP Garbage.
#VoteDEM2018
This act delivers as much protection for our children as your disasterous performance on 60 minutes. It's a horror show of guns and your specific version of god. #theworstofamerica
so how much blood money did you get from the NRA?
The only way you are going to stop acts like school shootings is if you start going after the root cause. I discuss that in the doc below along with why anything else will fail.
@BetsyDeVos goal is to kill public education as fast as she can.
@BetsyDeVos and family #Blackwater want to privatize all education because she believes it EVIL and doesn't make billionaires richer fast enough.
@BetsyDeVos wants to force her Dominionist Apocalyptic religious vision into education to more quickly usher in the Rapture, so she believes.
@BetsyDeVos is a hater. She doesn’t want disabled students to get the education they deserve, wants to restrict rights of LGBTQ students, poor students, and students of color. She is a ZERO of a human, knows ZERO about education, so I give her a ZERO.

Dolores Umbridge
One step closer would be NRA backed politicians are out of office -including the President and his Cabinet members -aka-YOU!  Please resign NOW-you represent segregation of our kids on shameful ideologies under the disguise of parent ‘choice’ we see you 
Looking forward to the senate swiftly un confirming you
You two deserve each other...
$500,000,000.00 if equally shared between 3,142 counties/county-equivalents across the U.S.A. = $159,134.30 each over 10 years = $15,913.43 per county/equivalent per year.  Might RMD say, "What Scotsman came up with that plan?!"
This act will pit communities against one another as they scramble and complete for very small amounts of money.
So suddenly there is a full piece of well thought out cohesive legislation applicable to all of our nation’s schools? Where has this been sitting? Who wrote it? Did you start it the day of the shooting? Do you know how long it takes to write these? U all blindly passed it in fear
This has been worked on for over a year with senate and parents from sandy hook.
you can't even take care of SCHOOL ISSUES let ALONE this GUN ISSUES!!!  get the f out!

Nice PR move, but we will keep fighting for actual #GunContolNow .

YOU are an unqualified greedy Christofascist and should RESIGN!
How about Banning the   #PROMISEprogram ..  ?
Ms. DeVos! What is being done to ensure students with Conservative values and who love this President get treated EQUALLY by their fellow students, teachers and Professors who might  have different values and political views?. Too many instances of 1st Amend violations out there.
Your English is wonderful ....bot
Congrats on your accomplishments and we'll deserved recognition, @KyleKashuv. Well done!
Good job
Not so. More than a year passed out and where are the news about changing education to stop endoctrination? Not even a little buzz.
Good luck Madame Secretary.
Nyc bill desblasio said no to guns in schools. You can just walk right in any time of the day in most schools too. Only cops in morning n dismissal. Our kids are sitting ducks. I know he has guards 24 7.
Get RID of the Promise Program.  It facilitates CRIME.
Schools need more teachers and counselors, not guns! School buildings need to be updated for safety and security, and improved to provide the technology students need to succeed. They don’t need military defensive training!
Did you read the bill?  That’s what it is about
IT SUCKS! #ENOUGH Already!  WE NEED #GunContolNow
You know what’s great about Twitter? We can read your stupid thoughts without having to hear your nauseating voice.
Can’t wait for you to be fired. Check your Twitter account-you’ll get a personal message from @realDonaldTrump any minute...
Your resignation would lead our schools one step closer to greatness.
Endoctrination of children is greatness because you endoctrinated already. You can not see the other side.
This doesn’t do ANYTHING. It won’t prevent another slaughter. It’s about unfettered access to military grade weapons. You are so clueless.
Are the teachers going to carry semi automatic weapons.........NO kids are not safe
I look forward to the blue wave for the 2018 elections! The GOP will do anything to protect this administration. Dems will hold your feet to the fire until you RESIGN or decide to do your job. Do us all a favor and crawl back under the rock you came from.
The grizzly bears are very happy. School counselors tasty yummy! #ResignBetsy
Another 'useless' piece of paper to declare 'we want our schools and children safe???' What is on this piece of paper, exactly???
I'd rather have funding for teaching students than funding for metal detectors.
They have enough funds. What they are doing with it, is a question. I pay 8K every year from 12K property taxes. My daughter is 37 old and we have no grand children. Why we are paying so much.
You say “it’s about the students” yet you don’t listen to the students 
Right. @KyleKashuv isn't a student? He's done more than the CNN circuit of posers have, and certainly more than you have. Sit down, be quiet, and let the real student work with government officials on both sides to effect real remedies and change.
Somehow, with all the turmoil in the white house,  you still have a job? How?
Can you please explain/teach us what is in this piece of legislation? Not impressed with the fact you referenced it.  Would prefer that the Secretary of Education address it point by point..especially if you support it.
#BetsyDumbvos
Only acceptable action: ban AR15 and other weapons of war. Blackwater can buy them with their deadly profits. #enough #resign

I would follow you, but I’m afraid of getting more dumber /s
Just stop. You have no idea what you are doing.
Betsy, your attempts to make our whole public school system teach christianity to students has been tried and failed to pass constitutional scrutiny. It can't be made legal by congress or the courts.  stay home and iron something.
The amount of money is this bill will do NOTHING to significantly improve school safety!  A million dollars per state is insufficient & ignores the real problem of easy access to assault rifles, limitless ammunition & high capacity clips!  PATHETIC!
This is not what the school teenagers want. The govt is still not listening and neither are you.
Now we have to protect our children from the radical teachers.
Why are we allowing student walk outs during school hours?? Why are we allowing students to participate in anti-gun liberal rallies on taxpayer funded school grounds??
Just go away and let a Qualified person take ur place. I know it’s asking a lot. Not the going away part, but the ‘expecting Trump to appoint someone that has actual knowledge and expertise’ part is asking a lot. Either way, he’d be hard pressed to find someone LESS qualified. GO
Students can be truly safe only when you resign the post you have no qualifications for in the first place.
What's this act all about DeVos
I would like to see Betsy DeVos dragged behind a train across three or four states.
Please go away. You have no experience in education and haven't set foot in a public school. Go back to your yacht on Lake Michigan and stay out of our kid's lives.
How about money for mental health services at school, teaching social emotional skills K-12, and following the public health model for mental health? Do some research Betsy.
You as well
EAD!!!
Gun control has been addressed many times. How about parents pay attention to your children? Teach them to #WalkUp and say hello to the student sitting alone, #WalkUp and introduce themselves to a student they don’t know, #WalkUp and include a new student in@their group.
The next move in protecting students is firing you!
Come on Betsy be real this bill doesn’t do shit and you know it.
Did you put up "No Grizzly zone" signs?
#NationalStudentWalkout will lead where you all failed our nation. No guns for teachers. Less guns and not more guns. It about Safety of our children and not $$$$$ for your elections from NRA
I’m not sure you read the bill.  Nothing in there about arming teachers.  Money/grants for school security and safety assessments and training.  It might not be enough for you but I think it’s a good start.
Regardless of the views ....this is the best educational field trip a class can go on ......democracy at work ...
Public schools are not your forte (forte; noun, a thing at which someone excels). Please #resign (resign; verb, to voluntarily leave a job or other position). You're #incompetent (incompetent; adjective, not having or showing the necessary skills to do a thing successfully). #bye
Wow that’s really sexist
Stop yourself from speaking..please
Retweet
Bullshit. When the sheriff and fbi do nothing, neither will another law. Makes you feel good maybe but doesn’t protect a soul.
- Throwing $$ at the problem .. never works .. but will make gov employees richer .. sad that if you don’t pay me BIG, it ain’t gona happen .. for children..
Communism is Evil
Don’t think that the Liberal Communist Agenda won’t Resort to Mass Suicide!
I’ll leave that at that!
Have you visited an under performing school yet?  Or sat down with a teacher’s union leaders to see how you can help teachers?  Done anything of significance?
Hear that your name is on the chopping block it would be more dignified to quit than be fired! #Resign


This bill would. It won’t end debate but physical infrastructure and emotional/mental interventions as well as coordination with law enforcement are effective reforms we can ALL agree are needed. Let’s get it done. #StopSchoolViolenceAct
right. as they continue to decrease funding.

if you believe these fascists are going to do anything to help our children, you're delusional.
Looking forward to a swift resignation from you, Ms. Amway.
So if a pro-life extremist blows up an abortion clinic the government will ban abortion? That’s what Florida just did...rewarded negative behavior! The liberal commie shoots the school up and politicians pass liberal communist bills and laws!

I’m looking forward to when even your billions of $$$ can’t keep your special kind of stupid self in office #BetsyDeVos. #BootBetsy #DumpDeVos.
This enriches your family, yes?
Great. More tax payer funds going to private schools. 
This does nothing. Ban assault rifles.
You are only there because of your lying brother, Erik, who soon will be indicted along with your boss
And what’s your plan to address gun control specifically? Because this has no mention of them.
Resign now.
You are too dumb to live. @60Minutes
What about gun control? Stop taking baby steps.
No it doesn't you rube. It gives the illusion that you're doing something other than profiting off the gutting of American education.
#angryteacher #ENOUGH
The only way you’re going to stop school shootings is to ban assault weapons.
I wish the house would pass the "Kick Betsy DeVos out of office act."
It is all in the implementation.
Not the Bill itself.

Who is being made accountable to see on a daily basis that it is done right?
Congratulations on passing @DLoesch as the most hated and despised woman in America. I'm sure you are very proud of yourself.
Today would be a good day for you to resign or @realDonaldTrump to fire you.  Hopefully you are next on his list.  You are clueless and very unqualified to be dabbling in education.  Go home to your rich friends and leave America's future in a REAL educator's hand.
Oh yeah that is such a great idea!
It doesn’t mean jack shit. It does nothing to address guns.
She is the best thing to happen to our education system in a long time.
Did you see the interview? Did you watch her confirmation hearing? Did you go to school yourself or are you just joking? If not, on what basis do you make this insane claim?
You didn’t answer my question. She was verbally assaulted during her confirmation hearings. She’s for much needed change. Did you see the parts of her interview that were cut out? What she did say was common sense. Anyone who has worked in the education system should know that.
Next step - someone in charge of education that cares about educating kids and can understand basic issues to solve.
Trying to arm teachers is NOT protecting students and teachers. That is NOT what we teachers went to college for. But, you wouldn’t know about things like public school, education, or knowledge.
You have a BA??? That's IT? The secretary of education should have a doctorate. Period. You're poorly educated and NON-qualified.
How much money is your brother Erik going to get in government contracts from this? Is he gearing up to have a company that trains teachers to be armed? #SwampQueen
The bill has nothing to do with arming teachers. Have you even read the bill.  It passed overwhelmingly bipartisan. Do you research
