Literally go to hell, Betsy. You and your brother.
Try Excellence Emergency School Reponder in development. Better solution, lower cost, liability, provides real-time invaluable information to Police, School Staff, Students.The device worn around School Staffs neck, one button activates alarm, two way Police Communication.
But what will that do???? There was police there, with guns, sitting outside while innocent CHILDREN were slaughtered 
It will give Police invaluable information like..race, type of weapon (s). Rifle, hand gun, location, also alert staff right away wearing the device of emergency situation.
The Try Excellence Emergency Responder provides quickest warning alert to Teachers, Children, Students.
First of all u like ur own tweet, kinda creepy. 2nd did u not read my original tweet? THERE WAS COPS THERE, WITH GUNS HIDING BEHIND OTHER KIDS! BUT IF THEY KNEW WHAT COLR HE WAS N WHAT KINDA GUN HE HAD WOULD MAKE IT BETTER  ur slow
The goal of Try Excellence Emergency Responder is to provide "Quickest Police, Emergency Medical and Alert everyone on school grounds there is an active shoot are unauthorized person on school grounds. You really don't get it.  Take care,  w.w. t
So happy as well. Reach out for particular solutions as we know complex and solutions are available that schools may not be aware of.
This makes no sense. Can you read what you wrote and try again?
Japan school children fear no gun violence. Japan is a great nation. 
America will never be #MAGA until gun violence levels reach parity with Japan. Theres the Gold Standard. Anything less is counterfeit. I expect you to be counterfeit as Mr Trump.

And when you decide on guns, will the sales go to one Erik Prince? You’re such a sad excuse for a human being. Dumber than a rock to boot. 
I mean--- you have shit grammar. How--- is this--- GAHHHHHH
Good, when can I expect nothing to be done by?
As head of @usedgov #BetsyDeWorst has rolled back protections for #StudentsWithDisabilities, #LGBTQ students, #SexualAssaultSurvivors, #AfricanAmerican students, #Immigrant students, & chooses #NRA over #ParklandStudents, #NeverAgain #MarchForOurLives
We can only hope you know more about School Safety then you do about Education. I'm not holding my breath though.
You humiliated yourself and this country with your 60 Minutes interview.  You are wholly unqualified and uninformed for this position.  You made no sense.  Just awful.
By arming teachers? Our country has really evolved back to the future.

Considering you have removed protections for victims of sexual assaul on campus, I don't have much faith in your ability or willingness to help protect students from other violence on campus. At least not "intentionally", right? 
#FailingDeVos
Unqualified.
You’re a moron. Resign!
Great, I’m sure you’ll do a great job protecting students from grisly bears 
We have no doubt you'll fuck it up completely.
Wonder if that will involve private security companies in schools? Hmm, know anyone in that line of business, Betsy?
Secretly supporting the sale of more guns, NRA much Betty?
You’re humbled; I’m horrified!
Who wrote that for you?  You certainly can't read or write if you're truly as stupid as you looked on TV swinging and missing at softballs.
Betsy keep up the good work.
Good work? LOLOLOLOL.
Yep just pissing off so many liberals is a great thing lololol
At what expense?? Obviously ur not a parent
If you had any humility in you, you would resign from your position, which you are obviously not qualified for.
Another role that you are completely unqualified for.
Time to Resign Betsy. You disgraced the GOP , Women and yourself the other day. But then again, You  are part of Trump's  Best and Brightest Administration.  
Is this real? The person who thinks grizzlies are a reason to "pack" in the classroom is going to bring solutions?  We are doomed.
What a disaster in the making
Watch out for those grizzlies, Betty!
What a waste of time...STEP DOWN NOW.
What does the ED stand for?
Early dementia.
Without a doubt.
You know NOTHING about keeping students safe- you take away $$ from pub ed and turn back the clock on issues protecting SpEd, Title 9 etc.

‘Not only has Mr. Trump made clear his disdain for such commissions as a way to avoid fixing problems...’ WP 3/13
‘his appointment of struggling Education Secretary Betsy DeVos as its head doesn’t inspire confidence in the outcome.’ WP 3/12
Solutions? From this failing administrations? Surely you jest. I wonder if you could have named a newspaper or magazine. Sarah Palin couldn't when interviewed. It's sad that I hope your not as stupid as her, but I'm sure you're much, much dumber.
You are ignorant and unqualified to lead the Dept of Ed. Your ignorance and incompetence are reinforced each time you speak in public. #Shame
You are not qualified for this.  Humbled?  Surprised you know what that means.
You are the most unqualified billionaire I have ever seen. You must have inherited all the money huh?
You should be humbled you hack
Did you star in the movie Clueless?
You have no business chairing anything.
Betsy get your GUN u r a PATHETIC so called education LEADER.  PRIVATE school SNOB.
America is laughing at you after that 60 Minutes interview. You are the punchline to soooooo many jokes.
#FireDeVos
You have got to be the most incompetent person ever to have a cabinet position

You could never keep children safe.  It’s long past time for you to resign. You should have never been given the job.  If you want to save children, get out of the way.
I hope you do some research so you can answer questions with facts the next time you talk to Leslie Stahl. Try listening to the Parkland students. They know something about failed fun regulations.
You couldn't even talk to the students of Parkland and have an intelligent conversation with them. Only reason you got the job is because of your money.  You have been bought!  Sold your soul.
"Only if I knew where to begin and what the 'cluck' I'm doing in that position, because as you know, I'm totally UNQUALIFIED, just like the CIC, @realDonaldTrump."
#BetsyDeVos #Trump 
#DumbAndDumber #ByeBetsy
Might as well add to the list of things you are completely unqualified to perform.  So far giving money to the gop is your only skill.
Resign please. You are  unqualified and clearly uninterested in working to remedy that.
#ResignNOW you are grossly unqualified.  Aren’t you embarrassed?!?
God help America’s children. Maybe she and brother Erik can put together kind of a “Blackwater Youth” paramilitary program in our schools and the kids can patrol their own perimeters.
joke.  you don't even know the conditions of the schools.  you are not qualified.  moment of honor, admit it, step down, lets not have more children gunned down.
You’re not qualified to chair anything. You may be an even bigger embarrassment than your boss David Dennison. Oh that’s his alias, it’s @realDonaldTrump.
Please save us the pain and resign.
You couldn't identify a best practice on flushing a toilet, you incompetent buffoon. Societies aren't built by the selfish, but they sure are destroyed by them. Or, should I say, you.
I would change "humbled" to "massively unqualified" to chair the Federal Commission on School Safety.
Can’t eat as much as I wanna puke right now
Best practices like this? Captions please.
What in your background and education justifies this new position? You had no qualifications for your current one-except the massive purchasing power of your families fortune. That would preclude you for huge conflicts of interest-in a normal world!
You should be humble by the fact that 98% of the country can’t stand your privileged, under qualified self. #retirebecausenoonerespectsyou
Kids would be safer if you were far away from schools.
You don’t even know the data on schools from your own state, or how YOUR charter plan has brought school qualities down across MI. Why should we trust you to assess the ABUNDANT data on gun safety legislation? Hint: it all points in 1 direction: reasonable gun control laws work.
Watched you on 60 minutes last night.......You are a disgrace...You need to resign.
Humbled?  You should be embarrassed and ashamed...
You get an F. You have no idea what you are doing.  Quit for the sake of America's future. #60minsFail
I have suggestions to make public schools safe. How about using the tools that keep other public buildings safe.Trained security guards, metal detectors located at the entrance the students and public use, a police dog assigned to each school.Student safety is worth the price.
Oh Lawwwwwd! The insanity continues. This is a disgrace- all of it.
I don't expect any REAL solutions from you because your boss and other Republicans are owned by the NRA.
Original thought? No just echo chamber libtardism.
Who is going to pay for the guns you want teachers to carry ? Who is going to pay for our gun training ?We buy paper, books, and pencils for our classrooms as a result of cuts in public school funding to pay for charter schools and vouchers.I guess you expect us to buy guns too.
So are you actually going to research gun violence or are you just going to blame it on BS things like video games? And are you going to come up with real solutions like keeping guns away from kids or just "solutions" that don't actually do anything??? #WeCallBS
Let me guess. More guns.
.You are a fraud and incompetent. You bought your way in and have NO business as Secretary of Smoking in the Hall, let alone Secretary of Education or any commission chair. Shame on you.

You are an embarrassment to education. You are an embarrassment to the United States. Worse yet Betsy you are an embarrassment to yourself. Your agenda you purchased was obvious last night on 60 Minutes. You aren't qualified to oversee a hopscotch game in a school yard. Woken
Bahhhhhaaaa! Seriously that was funny!
Lol your chairing WHAT???  Whats your saftey background???
Please resign.  Your 60 Minutes interview proved that you are in over your head.  The only place you may need a gun to protect students is in #Alaska where there are grizzly bears.  In fact, get in touch with Sarah Palin, the two of you would hit it off.
Is it April 1st already??
Too bad you have no clue on what your are doing
I have experience teaching at the middle school, high school, and collegiate levels. I have dedicated my life to education.

You're a blight
I really hope you come up with something..... It's been a brutal year for grizzly attacks. 
Only till you go to jail!!
Resign! NOW
You are delivering on the promise of your confirmation hearing: ignorance and lack of experience yields backward-looking policies; no actual solutions; bureaucratic mismanagement; and an overall tenor of mediocrity. RESIGN
Betsy, you have a hard time and can not even do the job you have now-You simply can not take on anything else...If I were u I'd be hitting the books @realDonaldTrump @ChuckGrassley
You shouldn’t be humbled, you should be humiliated by having your total ignorance exposed on 60 minutes. #kleptocrats
You in charge of schools in any capacity is a joke. You couldn’t run an obedience school. You and your family bought your seat. Still need protection from those bears?
Your brother is a mercenary. The way to make schools safe is to resign and disappear into the desert.
Go back to your days of soaking in a bathtub full of cash, or whatever it is you used to do. And WTF was your brother doing trying to assist in establishing a secret back-channel to Russia?
What a laugh...you couldn’t even answer simple questions about education last night...how on earth are you going to be in charge of safety for schools...YOU FREAKIN’ DON’T EVEN KNOW HOW THEY OPERATE...OMG!!!
Clearly you are unqualified for this, and even the job you bought. Do something constructive and stand for #GunControlNow #BanAssaultWeapons #neveragain . Get a backbone and stand up for what’s right. #OwnedByNRA?
Well, you were humiliated, that’s for sure. You need to resign before you destroy our schools.

Vomit
Betsy, not only do you have no idea how to operationalize a best-practices solution, but you also have no idea how to research the operationalization of a best-practices solution.

You wouldn't even know who to hire to solve this; you are that far out of your depth.
Sell more and do nothing you mean.
Lady, you are dumber than a styrofoam cup.  Take a seat.
You wanted guns in schools to protect from Bears. You couldn’t even answer basic questions on 60 Minutes but yes let’s leave you in charge of school safety seeing how you really don’t give a shit about safety or schools!
Imagine how embarrassed you'll be when you realize that your brother is head of a huge security firm and that this whole thing is a giant conflict of interest fireball. Boy oh boy will your face be red!
1st your not humble
2nd you wouldn’t know a best practice if it slapped you in the face
3rd you haven’t been to a single school that has not bee a success 
4th you can’t lead your record shows this
5th you are a complete neophyte when it comes to anything close to education
We can expect nothing out of this commission because you have no idea what you are doing.
Really you could barely answer a question about Michigan schools, can’t see you keeping anyone safe
The only thing that will humble you is an orange jumpsuit.
We've been watching you for a year now. You need to resign. You are wholly inept and totally unqualified to have anything to do with America's children, their education or their safety. #NeverAgain #PublicSchools
Find your rock and climb back under it.
Girl no one thinks you’re capable. Cmon now. Do something positive for children and resign
I doubt that the word *humble* is truly in your vocabulary. Step down before you make a bigger fool of yourself.
Resign
#ResignBetsy
All hat, no cattle.
You're actually just days away from being INDICTED Bets.U've been exposed.
if you were LITERALLY a wingback, you couldn't "chair" sh*t, dumb-dumb.
see; 60 MINUTES interview.

resign now & save yourself the embarrassment of being run out of DC or worse. & save our kids from your nra backed future policies for their "safety".

we're onto ALL you criminals
I assume your main suggestions will be stricter and more effective gun restrictions and laws, right. I'm just kidding you won't do anything of the sort.
ESAD  you really are one of the worst people ever. your god will send you to the other place for your sins. you wont make it through the needle.
You’re incompetent. Your real aim is to destroy public education, destroy separation of church/state & create market for your brother’s gun/prison business. You’re fooling no one.
Oh dear God, Watch over students, because the people appointed to do so will get them killed! They will also be less educated if this woman stays as head of education!
RESIGN
It really is a shame when you find yourself in charge of that in which you don’t believe...public schools. As a former public school teacher, I’m proud of you for spelling “humbled” correctly.
All that was missing on 60 Minutes was ur red nose u clown.

Follow the  who makes money from private schools. Especially if partially funded by government 
You have proven you are utterly unqualified for the position you hold.

Resign.  Even if you don’t care you about the harm you inflicted on public education, have’t you suffered enough humiliation?
Retire, bitch.
Will you give your brother a contract for hit men?
our high school decided to become political battle field gun control, posters saying if you don't protest you are accomplice
If you really want to keep students safe, resign. Not only are you undermining the rights of children to access quality public education, you're now trying to introduce guns in the classroom.
I'm sorry to say I have no faith in your ability to do justice to the mission, based on your past year's performance. I don't feel you're at all qualified, nor have you seemed to listen to actual teachers. And FFS, guns in any classroom are a TERRIBLE and OUTRAGEOUS idea.
We, Americans, are scared to have you as chair. You couldn’t identify a best practice if it fell in your lap.
First, you shouldn't chair ANY committee ~you lack leadership skills. Second, I really don't think you understand "best practices" or how to protect students ~you haven't put them first, yet.

I choose #publicschools. Fund them. #BanAssaultWeapons #NeverAgain #MarchForOurLives
You know nothing and you bought your current position. You are dangerously incompetent. Resign.
You don't know humble. Try to tell us what it means.
Leave D.C., and go back to Michigan. I'm sure they will welcome you back there. #resign
I wouldn’t trust putting you in charge of dog sit my dog
 RESIGN !
Please, resign.
You're not 'humbled' by anything ...

You were born rich, you married to get richer, and you think it's because you're *better* than the rest of us.

All the $$ in the world can't buy you a CLUE ...
Zero education experience. Zero safety experience. Zero firearms experience. Perfect person to chair it.
You are humbled by simple interview questions that you can’t answer.  It doesn’t take much.
Resign. You are utterly unqualified, and continue to prove so.
Is this the “blue panel study” @realDonaldTrump said was a waste of time & money on Saturday? The kind that doesn’t accomplish anything? Obviously it’s hard to keep up with his deceitful plans to manipulate Americans. #fearlessLiar #EducationForAll #BetsyDeVos
LOOK OUT IT'S A BEAR!
You aren't qualified to restock restrooms in public schools, let alone make them safer. Do students a favor and resign.

I hope you don’t last that long. U do not deserve the seat u bought. You are an embarrassment. Your brother is a traitor. Maybe you are too. Certainly greedy and un informed. People are rising up to overturn this abomination thrust upon us. All of this admin is greedy criminals

Oh dear Lord, NO. No no no no no!
Grrr! Your worst nightmare!
The biggest problem in education right now is your over-privileged ignorant corrupt anti intellectual existence. DELETE YOURSELF FROM THE PUBLIC SPHERE AND DO US ALL A SOLID.
You are incompetent Bets, please for the love of all that is Holy, resign.
You are not credible in this roll. You have conflicts of interest that will make any and all statements you make suspect.
You’re incompetent and corrupt, and the whole world saw that displayed last night. Resign in shame.
I hope your work in this commission will be more thoughtful than you role as ed secretary
You lack basic competence and awareness of the simplest facts needed to perform your duties. Your fake smile won'e help you.
I bet your brother Erik Prince (Blackwater) and his other merc buddies/arms dealers, would love guns in our childrens' schools. You'll all be indicted for espionage and treason before it happens.
You need to resign, you don't know what in the hell you are doing.  What you are doing or failing to do is a disservice to our children
So many Republicans knew she was so unqualified they had to drag Pence up to the Hill to vote
What an utter waste of time. Meetings by do-nothings. What could go wrong?
Another appointment to which you are singularly unqualified. Par for the course for this Administration.
You are unqualified and horrible, resign
RESIGN
School Safety?
What about the mall the movies a concert or a pizza palor?
Students? What about everyone else?
Call me crazy but I'm not a student and I'd like to be safe without having to  wear kevlar & carry a firearm.
WTF are Congress & WH Gun Free enforced by metal detectors?
Not buying it.
You are NOT QUALIFIED.
This b.....h is on crack growing. Up. a millionaire wtf she Knows about Poor kids and school shooting let me f...ckn. Guess Betsy’s solution more prayer
We've been waiting for any solutions to come from you other than defunding public education. You are sorely unqualified for this position. You should be ashamed of yourself and resign.
Leave public education and safety alone.  Stick to your Christian, private, home schools and for profit student loan business.  You are bad for schools.
With you at the helm these kids are doomed! Schools don't have a proper budget to work with and now money will go out to arm teachers. Not education but arming teachers. We're lost morons are running our country and getting paid for substandard work. Just RESIGN!
