JUST RELEASED REPORT on school crime & #safety includes stats on #school #security staff,  student victimization, discipline & more. Access it now: http://nces.ed.gov/programs/crimeindicators/index.asp … #EdSafetyStats 
This is a charter school...........................
So betsy, what are you going to do about the teacher's or did you know "They are striking " ?

Resign so children will be safe from your crimes. But then, it seems to run in the family.


#SHAME #ShameOnYou
...you literally worked with the Administration and your research dept to figure out how to bury these reports.  You don't care about our children
Your rich and a waste of humanity. Do one thing good in your life. Give teachers your money. They deserve it, you don’t
U don't have 2find solutions if U just go straight 2 teachers. Oh wait, I forgot, that means you might have 2 intentionally visit a school.
How about you spell out words instead of writing "U" and "2" and maybe then we'll listen to you
Betsy Devos hates trans children.
Who writes your #Tweets ? ‘Cuz, clearly you don’t...
Others have suggested getting veterans too volunteer and guard the schools. Many have licenses to carry and their own equipment.
I'm sure the teachers unions wouldn't want it because they like spending taxpayers money
Really? I was assaulted people saw it no one cared
So @shortstuffckwk with 28 followers, how many #troll #bot accounts do you have?
Does the  #DNC #Democrats #NEA pay you by the Tweet or by the hour?
By check or direct deposit?
#TDS
#SchoolChoice
Betsy, tell us again Whois on that commission? Any Administrators, teachers or law enforcement?
School safety is important but our teachers need to be paid what they deserve! #morepayforallteachers
You're a horrible person.   Please resign immediately.   Re-think your life completely.
Quit.

I bet all tweeting Twitter community members that she won't address either of the current black face issues.
Will you be adding any educators to your committee?
She is only going to have conservative white Christians and maybe one token person that's non white.  Let's not forget :
4 people is now considered a commission. Great

This is your responsibility. Do better.
One glimpse inside these decrepit Oklahoma schools explains exactly why teachers are on strike 
Rewatched your 60 mins interview. You might be the most incompetent of the entire cabinet
When you resign, both parents and students will feel so much safer.  Let's start there.


Some teachers who received a special grant from the Education Department to help pay for their own tuition are saying their grants have been wrongly converted into loans, NPR reports.…
Can we start by inviting professionals that actually work in public schools to serve on the safety commission?
That would be you.....

17 dead kids in Florida is a ‘positive trend’?  Give yer head a shake.
The very best thing you could do for your nations schools, is resign.
You're the worst person in the world!
Please resign, please. This is coming from a student. You don’t belong here
Have a masters degree in curriculum and instruction, and currently teach as an adjunct professor, teaching masters-level courses at a university.  I believe I am qualified.
I am still ready, willing and able to join your panel, Ms. DeVos.  In case you did not read a previous tweet, I have been a secondary school educator for over 31 years, a varsity coach for a high-level program for 21 years, was an athletic director for 3 years, ...
Well you sound more qualified than she is. Which would make you over qualified for the http://job.In  case you missed It, you must be incompetent and a forward to work for the Trump adminostration. You are better off where you are now.
If anyone sucked at their job as much as you suck at yours, they would be fired. #FireDevos #ResignNOW
Good grief woman we get that you are completely incompetent, but perhaps you could take a minute and figure out a way for all students to be able to use the restroom. Then resign and head back to your life of country club luncheons.
Dept. Of Education Fail: Teachers Lose Grants, Forced To Repay Thousands In Loans
Why are you so bad at your job? Why did you take it in the first place? Seriously, I’m not sure if there is a more under qualified person performing a job in this country. Do yourself and the youth of this country a favor and resign.
I see you're still working to ensure you make a profit out of your current scam
End the Promise Program
More you must do? What a joke. You haven’t done anything to help anyone but yourself.
While there are negative trends in the continuation of @BetsyDeVosED as the secretary of education, there is the hope that @realDonaldTrump will realize how much she suck, grow some balls, and fire her.
I don’t think in a years time, she’s included public teachers in her political processes EVER!
Does Betsy DeVos EVER state what her mandate is about anything?
Just more empty, BS drivel from an empty, BS dilettante. #FireDeVos #Resign #BuyAJobBetsy #PublicSchoolProud
SecreSCARY
Which schools... ? Only the schools you visit?
Reform means reform and change. Stop allowing the NCAA to dictate our schools. Look at what works internationally!
@EdNCES How about a return to requiring Cívics. Lessons in belonging to something larger than oneself, duty & responsibilities
What more are you going to do? What solutions is the Federal Commission on School Safety actually working on? This is just more of the same hollow rhetoric we have come to expect from you and the rest of the current administration. #SchoolSafety   #resist
Which schools do you speak of?  Certainly our inner city schools aren't lumped into this.... You've never been in one!!! #allschoolsneedhelp #whyareyoustillhere
You, DeVos, are way more dangerous to schools than almost anything else.  Your policies are racist and exclusionary.
#BetsyDeVaster is committing a crime against our public schools. She makes them unsafe from profiteers.
All 4 of you?
End the Promise Program
Bullshit.   You have no students, teachers or safety experts on your commission, only brain dead cabinet members who know nothing, especially you who has no clue about school safety.   It is window dressing that you do best...no substance.
Blah blah blah blah
If u not talking about ur family crim story then stfu! My credit score was almost 700 last yr and here it is today from loaning money from @Navient @SallieMae
America Hates You. America Hates Plutocratic Dilettantes.
What AZ teachers think of you
Keep it simple and cheap. Armed guards. #Nomoresofttargets
Ask a teacher Betsy--any teacher will tell you what needs to be done because they are actually in schools every day.  Remember them?
How about the indoctrination? How about passing kids thru system that can't read or write? Why isn't this being fixed
Maybe you can hire your brothers mercenaries to guard schools.
Crime in schools is coming from mass shootings in schools.
Getting you out of office would be a GREAT step forward. 
I know we need to make you special flashcards for 'Yes' and 'No' since you just repeat whatever rhetoric they told you to say. At least when George W did it, he was convincing, you just look like an #idiot. Oh, wait...
Here ya go
School Safety is Not arming teachers.
Betsy how does it feel to have come off actually Stupid on 60 Minutes and having a porn star come off as A Genius?
You should be embarrassed by your performance to date - what a dunce!
I bet you're happy talking about school safety these days instead of actually educating children.
Did your statistics include the low performing school last that you don’t take the time to visit?
Back something tangible -
I don't mind paying for my student loans. I am responsible for them. But why the ridiculous interest rates? Mortgage interest rates are almost half of student loan interest rates. I just don't get it.
They took GOD out of our school's, now take politics out!
God was never, and should never, be in public institutions.
Huh, not sure how old you are, but I certainly remember it being in school's.
Explain
Dumbest cabinet member. That's saying something because @SecretaryPerry is in it.
You know NOTHING about education. You bought your job.

If you are going to insult me, at least get it right. It’s YOU’RE.

We reject the DeVos attempt to undermine public schools, slash key programs and bust unions #TheResistance https://twitter.com/nytimes/status/976072880457961473 …
Circle jerk
Active shooter kits and shields to defend and protect students and administrators. One tool available right now.
Shut up you unqualified, privileged, wretched human being that is not fit for office. Do us all a favor, resign and retire to Mar A Lago before you're wearing prison orange jumpsuits.
Humm, wonder what DJT will think when he really turns his attention to Education! Perhaps he’ll “do the right thing” & fire you like the VA moron...for doing nothing!

@realDonaldTrump @MarkYoungTruth @RealJamesWoods @DiamondandSilk @dbongino @DLoesch
And more guns in the school is not the solution.  Common sense gun controls, especially on assault weapons.  Unless you are addicted to NRA money.
Define "assault weapon" and "common sense gun control"
Did Parkland fall into this category “The percentage of schools that had a plan in place for procedures to be performed in the event of a shooting increased over time, from 79 percent in 2003–04 to 92 percent in 2015–16.”?

#GunReformNow #MarchForOurLives

Betsy. What exactly do you mean by "more we must do"?  Where? In your agency?  That's plain idiocy I'm sorry to say.  If you have any control over it, get rid of the "come in and kill us" signs on the doors.  Provide handgun training for ALL teachers and administrators. Done.
Oh Betsy.
If you want to make schools safer, you can start by keeping your filthy money out of politics. You support some of the highest paid NRA puppet politicians.........
Promote gun control, except in the case of Grizzly bears attacks.
I think she is totally blond..
Betsy, you’re full of it? Your Federal Commission is designed to do nothing-just like Trump’s voter fraud commission- a road going nowhere. The end product will be to support the NRA position of arming teachers, which the NRA told Trump to promote.
Just more blah, blah, blah.  I've been an educator for 31 years, so I know what competence looks like.  You fail.
Did you read it, or just the Cliff's Notes?
.@BetsyDeVosED take more you mean of course, a klepto of society like you bets, only knows how to take from society, folks like u bets are a society's cancer
How ho you still have a job?
Privatize schools now
Please @BetsyDeVosED watch this 3-minutes video
yeah, its going to be costly to arm all the teachers and teach CPR....its going to take time to gin up the "supporting" reports, right Bets?
Oh, is this the commission that has no educators or gun safety experts on it? Just a bunch of @gop cabinet members?
Any educators on your commission?
Improve? or did you mean guarantee?  NO, I think you deliberately used the word "improve" because you're not willing to do what it takes to guarantee safety. You're well aware that children will continue to pay the price of the NRA's 2A propaganda and you're fine with that.
Doing things quickly does not always mean you are doing them well!
The Federal Commission on School Safety is a waste of time but not a waste of talent. There is no talent on the Commission. Wasting time is a crime given the deaths of students that result from doing NOTHING!!
You are doing terrific. Ignore the haters! #MAGA
Is she doing terrific? Hope your kids are either out if schools and no paying student debts... because if so, your TERRIFIC comment will turn to be a sadly mistake....
It's time to accept that we have gun problem and need to change our pro-gun culture.
Gun control now @BetsyDeVosED
If u ever wondered what a box of rocks would be in human form.... take a look..MAGA! #SPANKIE #STORMY #new maga
'...up to, but not including, advocating for gun control. Because of Jesus, and my brother the sociopath would be pissed.'

You’re an embarrassment to hard working educators everywhere.
Try to focus, Betsy. Your main task is to improve education for America’s children. Safety is important, but what about providing more teachers, computers, internet access, improving reading scores or anything else? Spend some time on EDUCATION issues for a change!
How about you resign and let someone competent do the job.
Get an action plan outline together, and set some milestone dates so schools can get phases implemented by July 2018, and more during the Holidays, & by 2019 whole chunks can be in place. Go Betsy, go! Things are happening!  In the right way for a change.
So, like your other job you’re going to do nothing.
RESIGN NOW!
It's the guns stupid....
We want to know who exactly is on this commission! Meetings must include parents, students, and teachers, open to the public, & minutes taken for public publishing. FULL TRANSPARENCY! WE DEMAND IT! #PublicSchoolProud 
Yes we deserve it. Unfortunately we won't get it. Like most everything else in this administration, it is shrouded in secrecy! I think it's their way of getting the things they want - not necessarily what is best!
I believe you are absolutely correct. Still going to make demands tho.
#FireBetsy
So I see you are gettin*kick back from more educational changes you are making. You need to get lost.
Like hiring my brother to make bullet proof backpacks, or paying Blackwater to help with security, or selling Amway so they are distracted...oh Boughtsy DeJob yer so over qualified fer this here learnin thing...
RESIGN.
Resign.
Her FY19 budget calls for almost $6 billion in cuts to the department she “manages.”  If you read the budget she is all on board with the cuts. With all the cuts one area of increase is $1 billion in new funding for “school choice” voucher programs. She makes our schools worse!
Nice try. PS has had the monopoly on education. Time to give parents options. Vouchers to go where the A game is being played! Pure genius!
What needs to be done is to reform our gun laws. No amount of propaganda is going to deter us. You distract. We persist. You need to actually do something and actually learn about how education works. You are unqualified and compromised by your financial entanglements. Resign.

This is good news.
We are convinced that @PhilRoeder 's office has not reported several assaults at East High School in Des Moines. Great candidate location for a FCSS audit.
And what about gun control?
Resign
The NRA doesn't own anyone. It's an organization that has no power over anyone. Good lord.
and next, ma'am, we will address how poorly educated our children have become.
Resign
Hardening schools is not the answer...could you imagine what kind of bears the Berenstain cubs would have grown up to be?
Betsy, Resign!
Um. Quickly? . Did you watch Ms. Clifford's interview 60 minutes  ?  @StormyDaniels is so much smarter than you ... Cheers.
Seriously though..get an educator on that commission...I also volunteer to represent all bears.
I volunteer to represent educators of disabled bears - also I can volunteer to represent parents.
Get rid of Obama's PROMISE program and COMMON CORE!!!!! NOW or withhold funding for those who do not comply.  Also I would want audits of where the money they receive is going. I bet you find a lot of corruption!
First step: fire Betsy.
Get to cracken Public schools have down graded education since the 90’s..You need to set a direction of education.Early second language learning up to 6 grd. History and world history high school.Better school foundations for inner cities
You still suck!
National Guardsman at every School.
I agree.
I just do not understand why u want to "help". Just say "No" and go back home. You and everyone will be better off. Next up, please, thanks.
"If it benefits my family."
Here's what you do; NEVER go on TV again. EVER.

#BoycottNRA #DumpTheGOP
You'll put autonomous gatlin guns in every hallway, programmed to shoot anyone whose shorts aren't below the knees and who isn't wearing an "I love Jesus" shirt. Installed and maintained by the Blackwater company, the weapons will be lubricated with black rhino fat.
#ImpeachDeVos
Wait you are saying you actually read it ? Or is this what Trump told you to tweet ?
Smaller class sizes and adequate funding are good places to start.
Yep, more schools, more teachers that get paid more, broader programs that fulfill the needs of the very diverse student body. MORE FUNDING FOR PUBLIC SCHOOL. With as much waste as there is, it's hard not to justify the investment. #investInEducation
You can START by firing LEFTIST faculty, removing LEFTIST material from curriculums and driving out ANTIFA & Other Radical groups. 

Those would all be good places to start to make schools safer for kids.
A large, near character limit tweet that uses many words to say nothing. 

Of what substance can you actually post something?
What  would work best for the nation's schools would be for you to RESIGN and actually get an Education Secretary who knows something about public education.  You are a disgrace to this nation's teachers and students.
Resign to make our schools safer immediately.
ThanQ, Happy Easter!
The best thing you could do for all of America’s children is #Resign
Ok, so when are qualified adults going to lead this charge, and not glorified hand shakers and picture posers?
Here, here!
Adequate funding would be a good start
Resign.  

-America
