Just think of the improvements your husband could make to public education if he donated 1M to schools instead of the billionaire Koch brothers!!
BIG MONEY: KOCH bros super PAC raised $7m in Q1 — $5m of which came from only 5 donors, including $2m from North Dakota industrialist Mary Alice Bergan & $1m each from Dick DeVos, Jerry Hayden & Arkansas poultry magnate Ronnie Cameron, per new @fec report. …
The NAACP backs up its call for a moratorium on charter schools with something often missing in today's political environment - facts.
Do you even understand what you’re talking about.  Do you know anything about teaching , strategies, multi tiered supports systems...No you are not qualified to hold this job.
With all due respect Mr. Cosenza, instead of judging Ms. DeVos, bring some solutions to the problem, which is Common Core.

Watch attached video, then explain what you would do to repeal an unconstitutional curriculum that fails parents & bright children.
Let the knowledgeable decide.
Common Core is standards decided by states, not Curriculum.
When pressed, Dr. Pesta admits his focus is on coincidence, not fact.
He does not quote from actual Common Core standards.
He blames Common Core for everything it does not control.
Let's start by holding the charters to the same standards.
A just income for teachers would enable them to live off of one job. That would give them time to sleep and give them more energy for improved teaching. That'd be 90% of the problem solved.
It's called common core isn't working! Our classrooms are top crowded! And you have no idea what you are doing.
I agree with you Dawn & hopefully we can work together to repeal this unconstitutional curriculum that dumb down our children & forced upon the parents, due to government & school officials accepting bribes and kickbacks.

Please watch video & share.
We need to get back to the job of teaching reading and math and away from teaching to take a test!
They are too busy brainwashing our children into believing lies about Democrat verses Republican,they don't teach accurate history,they bully children into believing some races are entitled & some are stifled,none of this is education for the classroom. You need to look at books!
Is that your way of saying accept your school of choice/charter schools? Or did you present a proposal to bring the existing public schools up to par and were denied? Lets see the issues holding up the agreement. Otherwise your just another finger pointing failure.
It's time to place kids in classrooms not by age, but by level of their knowledge. Plenty of kids at the same age will fill classes based on level of reading, writing , and math.
I agree, put politics aside and appoint a Secretary of Education who has knowledge about the field of public education. Not someone who bought the office.
Try funding schools and paying teachers in the manner that nations that outperform us do.  In those countries teachers don't have second jobs.
And Besty, may I call you Betsy? Your very own home state of MI have 2 major reasons why some districts reading scores qill continue to fail. 1. My kids are not allowed to bring their books home. Even if it means incomplete assignments. 2. The virtual academy courses read to them
Spend sometime in a classroom and listen to the teachers. Stop tweeting and get out and do something
How about we start with your resignation?I

Then do away with Common Core and standardized tests. No more Staar!!
When you were in the classroom, what measures did you take to help narrow the achievement gap and improve literacy skills? I'd love to compare your methods with the ones I use. My county ISD has been great providing training over the years. Where did you learn your skills?
Yes, especially in Michigan where you helped to ruin schools. You have access to these politicians. Instead of tweeting empty comments visit schools, work with teachers to come up with meaningful policy, and then go influence positive and fair political change. (aka do your job)
Really. If the school received $100.00 for every time a politician blamed the lack of bipartisanship for their inability to move forward or make positive changes under funding would become a non issue.
My kid doesn’t get invited to B-day parties because the immigrants are lying about kids ages. Schools route these older kids to the gifted programs while attempting to route the smaller younger American kids to special needs programs.Obama started this to insult White Americans.
One of the reasons is that resources that should be provided to and for our children to have an empowering educational upbringing , keep being diminished.  Childhood development is not a one size fits all thing, especially when it comes to education.
Especially in Michigan!!! Ummm how do you still have this job????
I have a 3rd Grader in MD. We have proof of intelligence & her Daddy’s a lauded Rice University PhD. Liberal Schools in MD accept kids a year or more older (based on height charts) from immigrant communities in 3rd Grade when they should be in 4th or 5th.
New American History school textbook slams Trump supporters: ‘Afraid of rapidly developing ethnic diversity of country’. American schools are the battlefield for our children’s minds and progressives are in charge of it all, from writing the textbooks, to those reading them.....
I like art. It makes me better at all my other subjects. I bet you don’t think about art like that. I do
As someone who actually works with students, I know the issues with stagnating math and reading scores. YOUR policies are NOT helping. 

What meaningful improvements have YOU made?
You are the federal leader so anything and everything relating to schools in this country is ultimately YOUR failure or success. Progress comes from the top down. Teachers cannot out teach bad policies, low funding and the fact schools are not a priority in this country
...... aloud in class. Indianapolis talk radio host Alex On-Air posted several examples on Twitter from the Advanced Placement edition of “By The People: A History of the United States,” published by textbook giant Pearson which has a copyright of 2019.
Why don't you compare apples to apples, instead of apples to peanuts? Oh, right, it wouldn't support your voucher schemes...
We need to abolish compulsory education laws.
INVEST IN TEACHERS

I always suspected the problem with PUBLIC SCHOOLS was the TEACHERS . Thanks, Glenn !  #SATURDAYMORNING @BetsyDeVosED https://twitter.com/GlennMorrisUSA/status/985184862553419777 …
When someone has a disability & you deny they have it while DOING everything to make them do the very things that are going to INCREASE their PAIN that you've denied, that's the feeling of #shame you created in children who screamed #teachME and "everyone hates me" & darkness...
There should be a lot more retweets on educational issues & always shocked #HOW little #WE discuss it when you can't do anything without learning something.  You want to give kids the education they need, let's focus on #experience in terms of #care of #difference #disablity
http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLo0xr0_u80gKxO4AZVCXvgeyrC9_iSJvh … • please retweet since everyone should transfer information to understand anything by what you already know. This is the way to make sure I can send this playlist. It attaches to memories to stay “on point” with physical : fingertips & points of light
Meaningful reforms. I have some. Kick INEFFECTIVE PEOPLE OUT!  Those #WHO turn from violence and the bystanders, too, so that's a whole school and what is happening every day in our nation which is to TURN AWAY from those in NEED of BASIC NEEDS. epicGREED! https://youtu.be/YYnGAyiu6U0 

HERE IS THE BOOK. SHE HAD SOMEONE GO INTO CLASS AND TAKE A PIC FOR HER. 
https://twitter.com/yoalexrapz/status/984876944587096064 …
This propaganda has to be taken out of our public schools!  It is a disgrace.
In case you didn’t think there was an effort going on in public schools to indoctrinate kids with an anti-conservative agenda, a friend of mine took pictures and highlighted parts of this AP US History book. 
How would you know ? You haven't ever visited any problem schools
The meaningful reforms should affect students’ homes. Placing more demands on the great teachers of America will increase teacher attrition and defeat your “goal.” #parentsareteacherstoo
How about we begin with adequate funding for PUBLIC EDUCATION?
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10155272220851479&id=7746841478 … look at this please
Lady come to the teachers. I have been teaching for 25 years. There is so much that needs to change that we are not in control if. Constant testing.  Class size. I dare you to ask TEACHERS.
Resign.  That would be the first step of “meaningful improvements.”
In replying to low reading and math scores, wouldn’t that have a good reason why teachers should NOT be getting raises? Yet they continue to strike. Maybe learning to teach is the issue?                      My sons teacher told us it was OUR  job to teach him.
Tot agree with You! This is a matter of strategy! Most of the future jobs are STEM-ICTs-Analytics-intensive ones.
YOUR deplorable. BTW, will you melt if you go out in the rain?
Seriously F you! You paid for you position and we pay 1 million in tax payer money for you safety because you’re so bad at your job. Please debate me you snowflake 
She couldn’t spell her own name
Beginning with your resignation? 
Totally agree!
Gee rocket science 101! Put more money in education. Pay teachers more and give them smaller class sizes.
Yep
Thanks for another opportunity to say, RESIGN!
Great! What are these reforms you speak of? How will you implement them?
How about starting with the understanding that reading and math scores are only a very small part of our overall educational picture.
Despite meaningful efforts from educators, our nation’s leaders and Ed Secretary continue to stagnate. It’s time for our local, state and federal elected officials to use their heads and hearts—quit the partisan efforts that continue to sort and separate kids.
https://youtu.be/rTTSs1HBIQU  ♡ yup. It's easy. Some people do harm to kids #WHO need a way to deal with #life ♡ ...prefrontal cortex... https://youtu.be/2X76ORpe7Bw  found out you just hide the records, but in a school. Not anything "important" just #disability ♡ have this #A for nothing
Stagnate scores are your fault! You’ve had 15 months and have accomplished nothing

Too bad we can’t say the same about you, Betsy. You pointed out the problem, which is nothing new, and pawn off to state, which has defunded schools for about 8 years now, and locals which only have to work with the states fundings. What are YOU going to do about it? Your job, No
You do know that corporate written standardized tests show a stagnation, but, students at my school are doing amazing things that kids 30 years ago didn’t do...
Give me one example of a reform that will improve education? Just one...
What are you doing about common core?
It's time for you to put your money where your mouth is!  Yes, I saw your degrading comment about how we can't spend our way out of this.  Tell this to kids and families who need help!
@PattyMurray & @SenAlexander worked hard building guardrails into #ESSA - I strongly believe that if State plans aren’t approved until they fully align with ESSA, we’ll see growth in scores & improved outcomes for ALL students.
This reads like a statement from Duncan 5 years ago.
Students are much more than test scores.  Surely, you know that Ms. DeVos.  Perhaps you don't since you promote testing public school students and exempting charters. Look at the real data...all of it.
Or rewrite the test?  Duh.
Read. A. Book.
It would be time also for this administration to honor academia and public school professionals. I shudder at Betsy DeVos’ leadership or lack there of. Zero classroom experience equals zero credibility.
You and Fla on the right track. It will take some time to spread nationwide. Partisan politics definitely impedes success.
Let teachers lead the way. Get politics out of it. Trust me, we know what we're doing, but our hands are tied by nonsensical state and federal regulations.
You are wasting your time until you grasp the entire way its taught is wrong or outdated.  I took middle school kids, used the Powerscore LSAT prep material over the summer ... every kid finished the school year in the top 5% on their test scores.
What meaningful improvements are you referring to? Do these improvements counteract the steady math and reading scores?
The reforms that will improve student outcomes will be the ones focused on student preparation, support, and motivation.
How do the scores stagnate while also having meaningful improvements?
How about trying to work with students and families to improve outcomes? So many students start school with no basic knowledge of letters or numbers. Some families don't read with their children at home.
please stop communicating. we've all had enough of your ignorance and stupidity.
And you taking money away from the schools in Michigan to give to for profit schools has done NOTHING to improve anyone's performance!
One big problem, teachers unions.
Perhaps your tests don’t measure what you think they do?
And your suggestion is.........?????
They are working hard on this. You need to identify which states are and meet with them and look st the needs of the states that aren’t. You give funds to help then u take away or u change strategies before states have a chance to make progress
Try equality. It works for other countries.
how about stopping the effort to drain money from the private system for your fundamentalist Christian charter schools and restore public schools in Oklahoma to FIVE DAYS A WEEK.....you are destroying schools & then crying about them being destroyed. DESPICABLE
How about holding teachers responsible for teaching!
You are an unqualified slime who is more interested in your student loan companies than America's children's education. You will be removed and held accountable for your fleecing of the perks of your paid for position.
Deplorable.
Shut up!!!
Okla Teacher's Union just spent two-week walk-out demanding Democrat's Party's Ticket of Raises in Taxes,  on Oklahomans. Okla is 5th highest taxes in America! We want them 'all' fired for politicking on State's dime!! Failed our children!!!
We agree.  Begin by step on down and have someone with educational experience lead the department.
America hates you.
There are so many schools that don’t perform well and lose funding and don’t get the money they need to help their students. Sorry not everyone can pay for private schools like your family could.
Here’s a lesson for you. Something you might not know (because you paid for your position) when a school tests low or doesn’t perform well, they don’t get funding compared to schools who perform well that do get funding. Fix that!
I’m fairly confident that if we gave you a test to measure your understanding of the effects is standardized tests and the meaning of terms such as “student outcomes,” you would fail. #Resign
Good Luck! Unions and DEMs will RESIST in favor of self preservation.
History reveals your failure to comprehend student & educator needs and prioritization of your needs. The narrowing gap between private/public students & non-white college grads suggest threaten you; without your money, you would be among those unfit to be lunch lady..
Please talk data
So you’re saying you are abandoning your “choice” agenda and have decided to support public schools for all?
We spend lavishly on defense but scarcely nothing on poor kids. You are dangerously incompetent and sanctimonious.
It shows you need to resign. We have no time for novices with an agenda to kill public education.
The best step in that process would be for you to resign, and then maybe we can get somebody in your position who is actually knowledgeable and will work with and empower and fund schools and teachers.
Try heading to Kentucky!! You useless waste of space ! And implement policies to pay those teachers what they deserve!!
Give us some of your invaluable advice on how this can be achieved.
As a person who helped implement the colossal charter school failure in Michigan, it would be best if you resigned and let someone qualified take over.
Solution are not hard it’s just the politics and politicians that make it hard.
It’s a very simple concept. If a student can not read coming out of kindergarten than they cannot continue on to 1st grade. If they are a nonenglish speaker than there should be a requirement for a focus only in reading until they are fluent.
Top 10 Reasons School Choice Is No Choice | In reality, it’s just a scam to make private schools cheaper for rich people, further erode the public school system and allow for-profit corps to gobble up education dollars meant to help children succeed.
WATCH: DeVos struggles to explain why schools aren't performing well under policies she championed http://hill.cm/SV29yft 
Michigan Gambled on Charter Schools. Its Children Lost. - The New York Times
Vouchers do not improve student achievement, Stanford researcher finds | Stanford News
For rural America, school choice could spell doom
And just so no one forgets how bad you really are DeVos:

Schools began ignoring rape reports after DeVos' campus sexual assault policy changes, lawsuit says https://www.dailykos.com/story/2018/1/29/1736910/-Schools-began-ignoring-rape-reports-after-DeVos-campus-sexual-assault-policy-changes-lawsuit-says … …
DeVos rescinds 72 guidance documents outlining rights for disabled students - The Washington Post
What have you initiated towards those improvements you’re talking about, your agenda toward attainment of those improvements and what you want Congress to do to realize your goals???
I’m not so sure you can even read
school choice now.

It's time for state, local and federal leaders to ask for your resignation.  You are not qualfied.
Resign
Again...speaking in generalities doesnt begin to create a plan to tackle this problem.
You are not a leader for education. You undermine educational opportunities for minorities, women and children with special needs. Auwe. Shame. Desgracia. Go home, make rice.
More funding for schools, and allowing teachers to educate students rather than teaching to the test would help. Maybe give some ideas rather than complaining. Roll up your sleeves and get to work
Funding, SMALLER class sizes, & realistic time frames for student mastery of standards would be a great start. 
Someone need to straighten these schools out. Betsy you are the one to do it.
Start with counting to 10, not to 10 BILLION, Betsy!
Let’s start with your resignation and put someone in your place who didn’t pay for their position.
What if, Secretary @BetsyDeVos, the standardized test scores are not actually measuring what we think they are measuring? @SenAlexander @PattyMurray @The_RGA @DemGovs @Network4pubEd @theNASEM @sciam @WIREDScience @PostSchools
Introduce Civics to all US schools. Must get back to teaching truth about our History, Constitution and Bill Of Rights.
You mean, things like funding early childhood education and reading intervention programs, and lower class sizes and lower student to teacher ratios?
As if you have any idea what reforms would improve public schools!  Our Lady of Useless Commentary strikes again.
How are your beloved charter schools doing? My research shows they are NOT held to the same accountability that public schools are. In fact, they aren't held to any accountability are they? Let's compare apples to apples and your school take the SAME high stakes test ours do!
It’s time to go back to reading writing and math....
Deal well with child poverty and you may truly change the educational world.
BUT NOT, lining the pockets, of your friends, with the garbage you are peddling. You seek to take money from schools (that need it desperately) and give them to your flunky friends. You clearly don't understand the purpose of your job. MI schools show what happens under you. #GFY
The NAACP backs up its call for a moratorium on charter schools with something often missing in @RealDonaldTrump's @WhiteHouse - facts.
Betsy, well, the new Math stinks. It takes like 6 moves to add 2&2 together! As for the Educational leader you are not a very good leader. You know zilch about education! We want the teachers better paid. You want private schools -we don’t.
You should have a conversation with my parents, both of whom have been public educators for over 30 years. I am sure they could provide you with many ideas.
This report card shows that you are a failure
Maybe start with fully funding public school education!
You don’t write these tweets yourself, do you?
Start w/ dumping Common Core.
Then, talk to teachers.
Find out what is TRULY developmentally appropriate for kids. 
Take notes from Finland.
Resign from your post you lobbying halfwit.
How do you not see this is YOUR failure?

YOU are ruining American education.

YOU are unqualified for your job.

YOU only have your job because your brother is a treasonous gun for hire.
You are a clear failure in Education. Please vacate your post as you seem incapable of learning from your monstrous mistakes.
Ma’am  I call this state B S!!! You would not “ true score” If they not that “ self serving rich backside of your” If it grew teeth and bit you
incorporate STEM into all curriculum's starting in 1st grade. Get kids off their phones and building a Raspberry Pi by 3rd grade. Have them code a simple game. Kids are bored with short attention spans. Start them out with a good breakfast. More recess. Problems solved.
You tweet like Trump putting it on others to fix.   You are useless, go back to Michigan or talk to teachers and get ideas, how to fix it.
Maybe it shouldn’t be legislature?  Maybe it should be education professionals?!
You are UNQUALIFIED to lead a walking campus tour. Did Erik retrieve your family's archived 70s-80s Scamway playbook that lead to 100s of O&G execs pleas to IRS #RICO crimes? #SpectrumBank #Mercer  #NRAinMoscow  #AmwayMoscow
Says the most partisan person in education. You are fooled by few. Take responsibility and step down.
You're right we need to do better.  You are unqualified and if you really cared about our kids you would resign.

I am with you one hundred percent.  I wish my parents had education vouchers for our education.  Arnie did nothing to improve education.  He was good at spending taypayer money though.
yeah, because you are AWFUL at your job. RESIGN FOR THE SAKE OF THIS NATION'S CHILDREN.
I can’t wait for you to resign.  I’m gonna hold a party in your name when you do.
IMO , hold teachers responsible.  They are failing our children, while demanding pay increases.  Teachers know what the income is before they become teaches.
It sounds like Dawn needs to teach just one day.  ONE DAY.  There is an obvious lack of understanding of the role of a teacher.  Even ONE DAY will give her, at the very least, a minimal perspective that is clear she doesn’t currently have.  #thecareerthatcreatesallothers
It sounds to me like you don't believe in being held accountable for ones actions or inabilities.  The role of the teacher is to teach.  I choose not to be a teacher.  There are alot of teachers out there that should have chosen a different career path.
Actually I think it sounds like you don’t really understand this work.  Would you hold a doctor “accountable” for the cancer he can’t fix? Or do you acknowledge kiddos aren’t equivalent to items on an assembly line?
I would hold my doctor accountable for not doing his job, if he did not do his job.  Do you believe children are unteachable? A classroom that is failing is a classroom of what, unteachable children or a teacher that should be replaced.
Of course I believe all kids can learn, but the accountability measures in place may not represent the dynamic clientele it intends to analyze.  I will be the first to say there are teachers who shouldn’t be teaching, but simplifying the issue to one number is a horrible idea.
you are all talk and even that is incorrect
Step 1: You quit& a former educator becomes Sec of Ed. Step 2: All problems are now solved.
As an experienced and successful math teacher, I'd love to be consulted.
you're in charge! Do something. Try going to each state and talk to lawmakers
Without you
You are the product of partisan politics, Betsy. You have no qualifications for your position. You simply donated a lot of money to the Trump campaign.
Resign now. It's only going to get worse with you as Secretary of Ed.
Summer school programs r Needed.
Get fed gov. out of our classrooms! REPEAL "No child left behind" A political stunt by T. Kennedy and Bush. The phrase was written by a beaurocrat that never set foot in a classroom, and is an INSULT to every teacher that dedicates their life to teach children!
NCLB hasn’t been in existence since 2015.
The answers aren't as difficult as bureaucracy wants to make them. Listen to our good teachers & parents. Actually put students first & immediately stop all the terrible ideas (data collection,  college/career readiness, testing, overreliance on tech/google etc).
Stop Common Core! We need to build a foundation & master the skills needed to succeed! Students are graduating, w/out knowing how to tip, get a mortgage, talk with skill & respect, or live on their own! Assessments are money makers & the price is our children’s education!
Ain't that the truth.
I know kids who can't write in cursive, don't know their math facts, and can't even think for themselves- they literally just parrot "facts" without being able to provide evidence to back it up.
This is why we homeschool.
Would you pls educate yourself about the failure of ed deform? A good place to start would be looking at MI. #TBATs @BadassTeachersA
.....Gates to promote Common Core to state legislatures. The unexpected backlash from parents rebelling against the federal takeover of education caused the group to create a new image resulting in the name change. Competency-based Education (CBE) , the latest national/global....
Charters and private schools pick and choose which kids and how many kids will attend. Public schools take all children. Not fare to compare!
Charters are not included in the TUDA data for NAEP. You get the same result in terms of trends even of you don't include charters. Charters aren't the problem, private schooling is to blame.
On Long Island we have extremely high property taxes. School gets 70% . How much more do you want?
SC/USPIE-Competency-based Education, embedding online, formative assessments in everyday learning of South Carolina’s children, is a step in the wrong direction. It undermines the privacy of our children and reduces educational freedom. The Jeb Bush policy group was paid by.....
Stop with the ridiculous mandates. Testing is never going to be the answer. We must get back to basics before NCLB, rTTT & ESSA tied funds to testing etc. let good teachers do what they love & teach. Return to developmentally appropriate curriculum. Stop putting kids in boxes.
It’s time that the Federal Government step-up & fund education properly. Education of people from across the nation needs to be a top priority in support of our nations future. You don’t need to micro manage, just ensure equal opportunity. Your department is failing us!
My 12 and 15 year old rarely get HW. When they do have it, student gets a 100 just for handing it in despite what it may look like. Grammar nor spelling ect is ever checked. I do it. Unacceptable. Basic expectations have plummeted.
Maybe having a qualified administrator sitting in your chair would help. Just throwing that out there.
Or... you could talk to teachers and get their ideas. We’ve got lots of ‘em. Nothing like people who aren’t educators telling us how to educate better.
Here's a suggestion for some truly meaningful reform.  Resign, and let someone that has just an inkling of what it means to be Secretary of Education take over the job. You have zero integrity when you accept a position in which you have zero qualification. #Resist #BlueWave #FBR
It is time for the Department of Education to truly become involved in supporting the growth of Private Schools dedicated to a higher student ownership in the curriculum in rural America as an alternative to Public Schools! Such as Arkansas!  Bring these opportunities to us!
After 15 months, this is your failure, Secretary. Resign now. You are overmatched.
LMAO, Ya mean "give more $$$ to the Charter schools???  Girl please.....U haven't done one positive thing for public education.  U suck at your job.
Why don't you decide to pay our teachers more so we attract the best and brightest? And why don't we build more schools so the class sizes are smaller and more manageable?
Get the liberals out of the education system. Do whatever you need to do.
Stop bleeding public schools of funding!
1. Consequence (positive & negative) for teachers & schools based on students’ performance. 2. Zero restrictions on changing schools & school district. 3. Implement voucher system ASAP so parents can make the best choice for their kids. Most failing schools will improve quickly.
Exactly what she prescribed in Michigan. How's that working out for them?
Best way to help our students..... is for you to eff off and quit.
And by reforms I assume you mean privatization?
School vouchers please
We know your partisan agenda - destroy public education and promote your religious agenda
Wonder how long until your ass is indicted. You and Bro Erik are going out with a bang Betsy. You should probably consider resigning and spending time with your kids and Grandkids before you get sent to the pokey! Trump can’t pardon you because he will be facing a RICO case in NY
Hell, for all we know, you are part of that case too! #CorruptAF #ResignDeVos
How about getting back to real structural learning. History, Language Arts,  and heavy on Math...the future is for those who are good at math.
Not by diverting funds local schools.
Maybe we need a new secretary of education? I think that would be a great first step
That would be super excellent!!!
How can they think about reading and math when same sex education is being pushed on their minds. And gender identity. They cant think about math when they are trying to decide if they are a girl or a boy. Stop this nonsense FIRST.
I've been a teacher for 21 years. That's not what's being taught. Acceptance for all is, something you obviously have not mastered.
Acceptance of all sin is not what should be taught.
According to you and not everyone believes what you do. Also, there's this thing called separation of church and state. Deal with it.
