Private for profit school not in Dallas.
It’s not a private school. It’s Birdville Independent School District. I graduated from this district and now teach there. Betsy DeVos didn’t even know where she was.
What @BetsyDeVosED & @usedgov fail to mention is that this is a private for-profit school that’s mostly white. DeVos won’t go to public schools to see how to improve them because she’s too busy pushing Choice which takes $ from public school gov funds to give to private schools.
Wow...uh, yeah. I don't know who you are or if this matters to you, Ms Jones, but it's a good idea to make sure facts don't counter your narrative.  A simple search of this facility would have told you that this is not a private school.
Hi, I’m a student of the BCTAL (the campus you visited today). And after shaking my hand, I asked you a question and you said that every student has a right to this kind of education. But I didn’t get to finish my question. How do you plan on implementing these schools?
I would say it should be left to the states and local SD to make these changes.  Remove the Fed DoE fully
If they’re run by unqualified people they might as well be useless, but overall should serve a purpose.
Excited to be visiting @BirdvilleSchool in Dallas today. We'll be learning more about their incredible workforce development program where students get hands-on experience with classes like rocket engineering, forensic science, and robotics. You missed a comma.


Thank you for all you are doing for American children. They need to have a good start in life and be pointed in the right direction.
When are you going to repeal common core? President Trump said that he would get common core out, so Mrs Devos, when is this going to happen. We also need to do away with teachers unions, it’s impossible to fire bad teachers.
Congress took DeVos, DeptEd & Feds out of the Common Core issue with ESSA in 2015. Trump & DeVos knew that!! Why do you want Feds to interfere with local choices? Common Core is a local choice! DeVos cannot interfere with Unions, it is NOT DeptEd job.
As a student who takes Film class at the BCTAL, I can agree with you're statement that it's more than just Science. Not only is there film, but there is Law Enforcement, Culinary, Cosmetology classes and so much more. She should've looked more into those.
Hey Betsy, I’m in Dallas today too! I’ll be the one flipping you the bird.
Why don't you go to more schools that need help.


Why is this not available to ALL STUDENTS... right, you are too busy funneling money to your charter school friends. Why do you hate students so much? Too busy taking queues from your brother, on how to screw over the taxpayers, I would assume.
You look absolutely thrilled to be there. Fake it to make it.
#resign and #goaway
they were not excited to host you
Let's not forget to teach them about the Constitution and the Bill of rights.

An internal Education Department report shows that Secretary Betsy DeVos inquired about prosecuting employees who leaked information to news outlets. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2018/04/04/education-secretary-betsy-devos-asked-if-leakers-could-be-prosecuted-internal-report-shows/?utm_term=.5f2fcf026e1b&wpisrc=nl_daily202&wpmm=1 …
It’s a high performing privileged school in Haltom Texas. How about visiting a low performing public school to see how to close the gap?
It's in Ft. Worth not Dallas. Stupid
Have you made it out to the low performing schools yet??
Awesome! The high school in Kodiak, AK (KHS) has an excellent robotics program. So much genius and potential in these students!
No one wanted you there
Education seems to be something you’re lacking today. #notDallas
@JoelBurns did you see this? #notDallas
Thank you for visiting our district and the BCTAL today. Birdville ISD is a great district. I’m so proud to work in this district! #Bisdshines! @BirdvilleSchools.
Madam Secretary, we humbly invite you to come and see another incredible program and attend our very first SRB summit in Chicago, During the IMTS show.
Bye bye Betsy. Time for deWorst to resign
doesnt sound like you're visiting the under privileged yet.  Did you lie smiley lady?
My kids' school district wouldn't let you anywhere NEAR our schools! You are the antithesis of a good secretary of education. You have no business in this role! NONE! Did you figure out what IDEA stands for yet?
wow....mingling with the peasantry tour continues.....you're going to need a long spa week with your girlfriends when this ends, eh? steam away all the peasant grit....
Well, I guess you have to be somewhere. Too bad you ruined their day.

“It’s so much easier to suggest solutions when you don’t know too much about the problem.” ~Malcolm Forbes
So explain to me how we are providing equal education for all when schools not 45 minutes from where you are still have chalkboards, asbestos and rat problems. Students have learned to raise their feet in the cafeteria in case they run through.
Why aren’t you visiting THOSE schools?!?!?!????
When I was in school it was called "Typing Class".
Are people suppose to be impressed by the expensive jewelry you wear?
Personally I find it cold, callous and quite VULGAR.

One of many reasons WHY you are NOT qualified for any government job.

GO BACK to Michigan or Florida and STAY there... you know whatever season it is.
Hey @BetsyDeVosED  how do expect this school to continue these programs with less funding? These programs are very expensive and the instructors need salaries that are competitive with their field.
Maybe just maybe they expect the SCHOOLS and their Districts to exercise fiscal responsibility with the money given.
Let me know when you visit a Title 1 Campus.
They let you in?
This woman doesn’t even know which cities she visited today. 
#notDallas
I worked for Birdville ISD for 9 years. I’m so glad you’re seeing all the wonderful things that public schools are doing. 

Oh and the Fort Worthian in me must correct you - Birdville isn’t in Dallas. ;)
Yea cause 36 miles makes that big of a difference. Many areas of the country 36 miles is just a trip to the store!
Get her away from school children.
Today would be a BRILLIANT DAY to fire this incompetent socialite from dabbling in education - CLEARLY something she knows NOTHING about!  @realDonaldTrump #FireBetsyDeVosED
Let's give you a pay cut. And see if you do a better job.
come visit our schools in Northeast Florida. Here you are very welcome. Teachers love your ideas
.@BetsyDeVosED So if you could go ahead and drive 3 hours north to Oklahoma City, that’s be great.
Birdville is NOT in Dallas!  It is in Tarrant County near Fort Worth! #Birdbrain
Why aren’t u standing with the teachers who don’t have text books and have to mow lawns and eat from food banks. Not the type of Bank u visit, eh?
Oh look!  AMAZING things in PUBLIC schools!!!!  My district is outstanding, and we are not alone. #proudpublicschoolteacher #proudpublicschoolparent #bisdshines
North Richland Hills, TX
End Common Core Now!
It is dumbing down our children.
Why are you slow walking the end of this harmful education system.
Bring back paper and pens.
Data collection on our children must stop.
I'd tell you to pay close attention & close some of your obvious academic gaps but you were probably taking copious notes on what to cut.
#EducationForAll #resign #DumpDevos
That’s wonderful you were visiting schools. What public schools have you visited lately? Remember they need your support, too.
The BCTAL is a public school...
everyone needs to call her office 202-401-3000 and tell them that she is lost
I really wish I had known this!!! I would have loved to show you around my school!!! Maybe introduce you to some real kids... real teachers....
Now, now, you know @BetsyDeVos is committed to improving the lot of the downtrodden rich, white christaliban.
this is where you are today honey 7020 Mid Cities Blvd, North Richland Hills, TX 76180
Birdville is not in #Dallas County, in no way does it represent Dallas schools.
(PS) Are you aware 3,500 #teachers left #okla for #texas since 2010? I hope #Oklaed is next on your itinerary. #OklahomaTeachersWalkout
hey dummy show me where this school is in Dallas texas, looking all over can not find it on a dallas map..........lol
Oh honey your not in Dallas your in the Haltom City, Texas. 32.7 miles from Dallas Texas.......secty of Education
wait everyone shes going to blame it on her staff..lol
Why don't you swing over to some of the underfunded schools?  You're responsible for them too.
Is it a public school that you will be closing ?

And no....Birdville ISD is not locates in Dallas. Much closer to Fort Worth and darn happy to be there and NOT in Dallas!! 
Maybe you should go to Oklahoma! Have you seen this? Who would want to send their kids to a school like this. FIX THIS!!!
*This* is why Oklahoma's teachers are on strike 
I have 3 graduates from BISD and 1 of them came out with a certification in audio engineering. Every school district in this country should have access to programs like these. Every kid deserves the opportunity to graduate with marketable job skills provided by their high school.
That's very nice Mme Secretary. But what's being done to keep the Planned Parenthood & 'white privilege' curricula out of 'public' schools?
Schools began ignoring rape reports after DeVos' campus sexual assault policy changes, lawsuit says https://www.dailykos.com/story/2018/1/29/1736910/-Schools-began-ignoring-rape-reports-after-DeVos-campus-sexual-assault-policy-changes-lawsuit-says … …
Civil rights groups sue Betsy DeVos over sexual assault policy via @jmsummers - CNNPolitics http://www.cnn.com/2018/01/25/politics/devos-title-ix-lawsuit-sexual-violence/index.html … …
DeVos rescinds 72 guidance documents outlining rights for disabled students - The Washington Post
Yes, the Republican tax bill would help rich parents send their kids to private school - The Washington Post
Top 10 Reasons School Choice Is No Choice | In reality, it’s just a scam to make private schools cheaper for rich people, further erode the public school system and allow for-profit corps to gobble up education dollars meant to help children succeed.
DeVos voucher plan would exacerbate educational inequality | TheHill
Vouchers do not improve student achievement, Stanford researcher finds | Stanford News
Visiting?  You should enroll. Increase your IQ points. Earn certification from advanced educational programs, Sec. Scamway. Or resign. 
#Schooling is not required to be #educated.
Aren't you tired of being a joke yet? #dumpdevos #resign
Shouldn’t every school and student have access to the same program? Or just the wealthy who pay for it. #equitableschoolfunding
Public school?
yes
Thank you Betsy DeVos for sharing. I like hands -on class... 
Aren’t those science-based classes? I thought the #DumpTrump admin was anti-science-based work. #DumpDevos , too.
As a student in the BCTAL, I can say that they are not all Science. I am currently taking Film class and have already earned a certificate this year in the Adobe Premiere Pro editing software
Bet the kids know where Dallas is, which is where you ain't, Btetsy Boobie
Give her office a call! I’m sure they’d love to hear just how “appreciated” she is. 202-401-3000
Dear @BetsyDeVos we are in N Richland Hills way closer to Ft Worth than Dallas. correct that.  Those two cities are as different as Republicans and Democrats! welcome to BISD. Proud to attend BISD all 12 yrs of school and teach here 25 years. Hope you find value in PUBLIC ed
she doesn't know where she is and she doesnt know what its like to work..lol
Bisd is not in Dallas. 
Please follow me back or msg me. Thank you.

"Lets find the"Flavor of the month"student in the class I WANT A PHOTO OP of me looking interested and involved in his work, and ONLY HIS work.the rest just generic snapshots!" #ThursdayThoughts #publiceducation @ASavageNation @dbongino #alllivesMatter #Boycottnfl #BoycottNetflix
Good God you fool, Birdville School is not in Dallas! How the hell did you get this job? Oh, yeah...you bought it, thanks in part to @tedcruz and @JohnCornyn. Thanks, guys...
That’s wonderful though the best and brightest don’t need your help, they’re probably smarter than you anyway. Your job is to help fix what’s broken, not visit the best and pretend everyone has the opportunity to go there #TrumpsFoolCabinet #TrumpsMorons #HowDoesSheStillHaveAJob
Don’t listen to the haters Betsy. America’s reading skills have never been better.. I mean, They’re sure excelling at reading you and the filthy crime syndicate you work within #TrumpCrimeSyndicate
Paying your way into OUR public schools has and will continue to hurt our education system and children! #resign #fuckdeVos
Betsy DeVos is lost!  Birdville ISD is NOT in Dallas.  It is in Haltom City which is out side of Fort Worth.
And the BCTAL is in NRH.
I'd be happy to show you around my school in OKC once we get done walking out to try and get sufficient funding. #oklaedwalkout
Can u squeeze it in when u decide to return to work?  I mean, it will only be a few weeks before Summer break.

It's easy to protest when u r getting paid!
Betsy, try some schools in NH? You do love photo ops don’t you?
All about the photo op...#FireBetsyDeVos
Interesting how much money did your family pay for you to get this appointment and what does your brother have to do with ties to Russia and Trump
Still no visit to failing schools? Your job is to work with and finf solutions for failing schools....telling students to go to another school is NOT a fix.
It was more so broken by a perfect storm of corrupt unions, inept administrators, poorly thought out education policy, and corrupt corporate influence over the last 40 years. The entire system and every actor in it is to blame.
How do you explain it? Also, when were you on the education board?
Resign
Have you ever visited an under achieving school yet?
You are destroying education.

Resign
You should be in Oklahoma right now to see what kind of shape these schools are in! You're a disgrace!  #resign
Betsy, remember on 60 minutes you said "maybe I should" go take a look at underperforming schools?  How are those visits/phot ops turning out?
Have you visited any underperforming schools yet?  Or just the high achievers?  How about visiting Cleveland, or Detroit?
Where the cultural marxist savages teach like that school in DC last year where she was chased away by foaming at the mouth teachers? Are you crazy? Don't answer that. You are CRAZY!
Hey hey try a school in Oklahoma
Looks like you’re still fulfilling your promise of not visiting low income schools, our students and teachers deserve a competent Education Secretary #resign
How about your school leaders & teachers act like human beings rather than savage educators showing a poor example like they showed when she visited a DC school last year. I wouldn't visit those schools that threaten her either!
You don’t get to have moral outrage when this woman is actively attempting to destroy the department she heads. She doesn’t get the luxury of hurt feelings when she is producing policy that actively harms these educators. To expect a warm welcome is absurd! Do/Expect better!
DeVos is about improving the quality of education for students who are locked into the brick & mortar PS's where Cultural Marxist HATRED for America rules the day! Ppl who claim to be educators acting like savages bc they know their crappy jig is up should be FIRED POST HASTE!


