STOP PRAYING AND DO SOMETHING USEFUL.
“Hearts and Prayers” isn’t the same as some basic gun control.
Stick your hearts and prayers where the sun doesn’t shine. Oh, wait. No room. Your head is in the way.
Betsy Betsy Betsy --  you haven't received the 'thoughts and prayers' memo yet? 
Have U been paying attention to the #Students at #Parkland?

#MarchForOurLives 
#StudentsStandUp #

Not all angels have wings.  Some carry guns.  #BlaineGaskill #Heroes #WednesdayWisdom #Wednesday #NRA #MarylandShooting 
Thoughts and prayers about as useful as a $4 bill
Really?
oh, i see we send "hearts and prayers" now. effective.
Yesssss
USELESS DeVOS.... just plain clueless
Keep your thoughts and prayers. Fund our schools!
Cause prayer helped Texas Sutherland Church, Florida, Vegas etc victims.  #STFU, #FuckNRA, and  band Assault Weapons
Didn't you say having armed guards would stop this? So much for that plan, huh?
Hearts and prayers???...makes sense when you don’t really ever have coherent thoughts.  #billiondollarbetsy
How is it possible to be such an empty person? Thoughts & prayers is such a trite little phrase when you have no empathy for anyone but your fellow jihadists
"Hearts and prayers" do not mean anything if they are not supported by action. We need #GunControlNow.
"Thoughts & Prayers" does NOTHING.  Gun reform NOW!
Wtf •••• https://youtu.be/iGeKsRDvOlw  •••• shut #UP please since this has happened before & in other countries & it simply does not affect you do admit #NO! #Knowledge . If it does not affect you you should not make decisions for other people because you clearly #No #desire
The path the destroy the Dept of Education continues

In Michigan they are closing schools all over the state due to some threat from some random nobody about attacking a whole bunch of schools.

Great job Betsy. Your diabolical scheme with Trump should be a success in due time
Stop right there. You're part of the problem.
Please do more than offer your hearts and prayers @BetsyDeVosED . You need to get Congress to pass #SensibleGunLaws so no more First Responders, Teachers, or Students have to be impacted by another school shooting.
And you have NO plans to help kids.
THANK GOD a strong person was #Armed & Protected MANY lives! #Armed Schools = #HardenedTargets
Jesus Christ, Betty! Do you think we all know what @GMHS_SMCPS is? Sure we can figure it. But, who the hell taught you to communicate?
Hearts and prayers. She upgraded “thoughts” to “hearts.” RESIGN!
Nobody cares about you evil heart or your useless prayers. Resign now.
Then do something to stop this madness.  Arming teachers is also not going to work.  Really do something.  I don't only want words, I want to see action.  The American people deserve this.  The kids deserve this.
YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT THESE STUDENTS OR ANY OTHER STUDENTS.
Did you not get the message that thoughts and prayers are not enough?  Get guns out of the hands of kids and out of our schools NOW!
Take action!  We don’t need feelings, we need government action!
Great, time to ban assault weapons in the USA and require universal background checks for ALL gun sales. Hearts and prayers don’t do jack to save lives.
#RethinkDeVos the most unqualified to teach our children yet protect them. Bought her seat. @realDonaldTrump might as well kneel for the flag when 1000s who served were more qualified and actually earned the right to lead such a program.
More frickin thoughts and prayers, de vos do us a favor and resign and take your thoughts with you
PRAYERS DO NOTHING.
No hearts and prayers please. The majority of America wants sensible gun control.
Go away Betsy.
Prayers clearly aren't helping to protect our schools. #GunReformNow #GunControlNow #NRABloodMoney #NeverAgain #GreatMillsHighSchool

Shut your mouth Betsy.
Don’t you need a heart to say this?
you spelled thoughts wrong
Hearts and prayers do not help AFTER the fact. Take care of the issue at hand!
As you sit in your office
Only hearts and prayers?! No thoughts?!
Thoughts and prayers mean NOTHING! Do your job!
Peace walks
Nobody wants or needs assistance from you, Betsy.  No assistance is better than your brand of "assistance".
How about paying attention to ALL schools not just the ones you fund?  Maybe visit some troubled schools so you know what it's like.
#moron
What are you ready to assist with. You don't even know about the problems with the Schools in your own State.   Better yet in Grand Rapids or Benton Harbor.All you care about is how your Private schools that you own makes you money.Prayers are good but your actions say otherwise.
oh, “hearts and prayers”...way to change it up, you almost convinced me that you actually give a shit about students (we all know you care deeply about corporate charter/voucher profits)
#justgoaway
Brilliant! "Thoughts and prayers" just never seem to stop these shootings so maybe "hearts and prayers" will! Excellent sentiment, Mrs. DeVos! 
#eyeroll
So denounce the NRA agenda and introduce/support legislation to save our children. Oh that’s right- you don’t even care enough to back or support public schools for academic goals. Unless you dramatically change, you’ll end up in the ‘waste bin’ of history. #halfwaythere #resign
"Usedgov"...wow, talk about an unfortunate acronym in the current administration
Is Hearts and Prayers an upgrade from Thoughts and Prayers?
I'll accept your heart felt prayers & thoughts if they are in writing, at the top of the order to install metal detectors/scanners at every US school. Otherwise, best to just keep score of the carnage, silently @realDonaldTrump
When are you launching the School Safety Commission? Please act NOW.
Until you are willing to let people carry concealed guns into your office and at a speech (like I am forced to allow in my classrooms) you can take your useless “thoughts and prayers” and...meh. Just google “hypocrite” for me. #NeverAgain #BetsyDeVos #GunReformNow
They don’t need or WANT your prayers or sympathy!  They want you to resign and find someone with a real heart for leadership to fight alongside them in the fight for gun control!!!
We don’t want your prayers!!! We want change in the gun laws, since you & your family donated all that $ to DONALD you must have his ear. After all you know nothing about Public Ed. in this country maybe you can work on gun laws instead!!
@BetsyDeVosED YOU ARE USELESS!!! Just go away.
You take a few photo ops & refuse to meet with students. You’re a joke.
How about realistic analysis and thoughtful action instead of the usual whistling past the graveyard about “hearts and prayers?” These are the young people you’re charged with protecting, but all we ever hear from you is about wrecking education.
Wait what...1st Responders? Wasnt it the kids under fire with no fire...please stop
Keep your cold heart and your empty prayers.
Hearts and prayers. Don’t forget hugs and kisses. Those always stop a shooter.
You still don't get it, do you?
I'm sure that means a lot to the families.

Forget the hearts and prayers already!  We have a gun crisis in this country which our government is ignoring!!!
In other words, you're doing nothing.
RESIGN. NOW. Your $200M make me Edu. Secretary reign is a huge liability.  You're a damn bad joke.
Ma’am, No one wants to hear your “ Thoughts and Prayers “ students Teacher Parrents “ Expect sensable Gun Laws “ period Ma’am
You are part of the problem
Your "hearts and prayers" are doing NOTHING to change the future. Every school shooting is tragic, and most of them could be prevented if our country followed in the footsteps of first-world countries in terms of gun laws. #TimeForChange
The most horrible situation is you buying a job you don’t know how to do and are too arrogant to LEARN how to do it!
Your prayers are completely meaningless without action.

SENSIBLE GUN CONTROL LAWS NOW!
Maybe it’s time to move to Canada. Where education is much better than that of US and kids get to leave everyday.....Not in a hearse or ambulance!!
Hey parents. You may want to take selfies with your kids before you send them off to school each day cause it could be the last time you see them alive. Send your kids to school at your own risk. Republicans will continue to avoid this issue cause the NRA doesn’t like it.
I’ll be sending you ‘thoughts and prayers’ as you are marched in front of a congressional hearing you fraud. It’s also called sensible gun legislation
Derogatory comment to you.
How many times does this need to occur before you realize that prayers aren’t enough??
God to your constant prayers...
You should be celebrating - this is the reality you are fighting to protect.
And could you please tell us what you’re praying for
Thoughts and prayers as in “It crossed my mind and I wish?”
Fuck your "hearts and prayers".
We do not need your prayers, we need common sense gun control!
Would you please resign!  You have no business as secy of ed. You’re totally incompetent and unqualified. You have no idea how to address this crisis.
Our children live in fear in their schools and all you offer are prayers and a vague grant program bill. We need to BAN ASSAULT WEAPONS. Show us you actually care and get behind this. If not, resign, and go back to your private school cronies.
This is the 17th school shooting this year. Your prayers aren't going to bring back lives or alleviate the anxiety that our students face each day just going to school. We need gun reform and social workers in every school and we need it NOW
Ready to assist?  I think ready to PREVENT should be priority #1!  Why can’t we have a National Guardsman stationed at every U.S. School?  Are our own children not worthy of the same protection we use our military for in protecting “other interests “ globally? #WhatTheHell
Yet you’ll do NOTHING as always. #useless
I think it’s safe to say we have had enough of your “thoughts and prayers.”
GET RID OF THE GUNS YOU MORON
How come Trump did not run in and stop it
Delete your account 
Thoughts and prayers--that'll fix it!
Our country is definitely “used gov”  USA was fun while it lasted
Maybe if the shooter was a bear, this administration could have done more.
Adults in this country need to protect kids. Simple. Yet you and the corrupt GOP stand by, accept NRA money, and send your ridiculous thoughts and prayers. Cut your loses, Betsy. Resign.
Did your assistant write this for you and stuff?
Shut your mouth. You will go down as the worst Secretary of Education of all time
No more prayers. Lead. #MarchForOurLives #NeverAgain
FUCK YOUR PRAYERS. WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO DO SOMETHING TO STOP KIDS FROM BEING MURDERED AT SCHOOL????
Fuck your prayers. Make meaningful change! Oh, wait. Look who I’m talking to. Never mind. I guess students and teachers are just screwed.
I was waiting for Trump to run in and save them unarmed.
Your hearts & prayers aren't helping.  Does it make you feel better to lie?  You could actually help be pushing for better funding for counselors & smaller class sizes, but that would work against your agenda to fund charter/private schools.  But bless your heart for your prayers
No hearts and prayers. Gun reform.
Hearts and prayers??? Here we go again
There have been some damn fine educators serve as Secretary of Education over the years. You're NOT one of them.
Go away!

Stop being reactionary. Work towards common sense gun laws, in-crisis restrictions and full mental health services and fully funded schools. DO YOUR JOB.
Nobody is looking to you for leadership, comfort or sympathy. You’re using these tragedies to enrich yourself, your family, your friends and your sycophants.
Do you lead the Department of Education or the Department of Hearts and Prayers?
If only you knew people who had some sort of jurisdiction to address this issue.
What do you want done SG?
Something more effective than thoughts and prayers.
So you just shitpost to shitpost?  Have some respect for your fellow man and offer ideas, rather than mock Christians.
James 2:14-26
Your faith without action is empty.
I'm not mocking Christians.
I'm mocking lazy do-nothings who hide behind "faith."
While you slam politicians for doing nothing. All you do is criticize. No suggestions. Pure laziness, and lack of depth.
When I slam politicians for doing nothing, I'm slamming them for NOT DOING THEIR GODDAMNED JOBS.
Either LEAD, or get out.
How about money for classes in conflict resolution?
How about programs to address bullying and other toxic behaviors?
That's just some things DeptEd could do.
But instead, we get this mealy-mouthed, half-assed bullshit "well there's just nothing we can do I guess"
If she doesn't want to do anything, she should exercise some personal dignity, and quit and go home and do nothing so that somebody who wants to actually do something can.


Stop assisting shot kids and start stopping kids from being shot.
Thoughts and prayers and stuff... to you and your brother Erik Prince of Darkness.
You've got to bring back easy involuntary commitment of dangerous mentally ill, rebuild mental hospitals, end "mainstreaming," IMHO.
Those “hearts and prayers” always seem to stop the violence. Never.
Neither did Maryland’s strict gun control laws.
I thought bad guys would’ve respected those laws. The leftists said they would
Betsy,
Do your best to ignore all the hate.  Some will spew the hate no matter what you do or say.   That’s all they have in life. 

It’s sad that our country has gotten to this point
So you also have no idea how education works, got it.  Maybe you can help her find a pencil
You are not good at this.
I’m pretty sure you never had a heart to begin with.
There you go. It's not anymore "thoughts".  It is "hearts" now..."and prayers" to complete the default response.  Add: "and support the discussion and passing of common sense #GunControl laws..."  This is the right thing. #NeverAgain #MarchForOurLives #MakeItHappen
Lol. Now it's hearts and prayers.
Resign
The trolls are coming.
"Hearts and prayers" really?  Yeah, that has been shown to make a big difference.
Get rid of liberal teachers.
Get rid of #TeacherUnions.
#BriggsInitiative.
Put children NOT teachers first.
#MDpolitics

There it is, the useless prayers while you actively work to make schools less safe. Hypocritical monster.
Take your damn “thoughts and prayers” and shove them where the sun don’t shine.

You, @marcorubio and the rest of the @GOP are beholden to the @NRA and as long as you are, these gun massacres will continue.

You are complicit.

#GunReformNow 
#NeverAgain
#MarchForOurLives
What the hell does the NRA or any of the other people you mention have to do with this you Moran!
Just typical liberal asshat spewing nonsense talking points that take a tragedy & turn it into a political agenda at the expense of the victims & their family
I don't think they need you to come take a photo op with them 
Right,  because she can only care as long as she agrees with you on policy... nice logic.
You have a heart?

News to me.
But they need guns so they can shoot grizzly bears. 

