No background in education, no experience. What educational systems you have touched in the past are now struggling. Money doesn’t buy competence. So evident in the blank stare and false smile 
So get to work....and stop fucking the NRA.....
Schools need to have Armed Security. They did when I was in school in the 70’s due to Black Oanther and KKK trying to recruit. It was scary then just after Desegregation. But, we were SAFE due to our COPS!!!!!
How do you know what they endured? You were only there for a photo op
Then why did you refuse to have real conversations with the victims
Have you noticed less and less people are leaving retweet’s to your nonsense@BetsyDeVos
No students or teachers should ever have to endure you as the Secretary of Ed. Resign! You are unqualified!
Agreed. Lock the doors on the schools, make liberal judges enforce the law, require gun free zone signs to be removed, arm the Principles and Vice Principles if they want to be and insure your local sheriff departments aren’t corrupt or scared to do their duties. Problem solved.
Gun control, Betsy.
No Vouchers DeVos ! You Will Not Win !
Then why don't you inform Trump on what is best for schools instead of standing by idly. Do you even have an opinion on what is best?  Have you even talked to any educators about this issue?
Yeah, ban assault rifles and bump stocks and raise the age of purchasing a weapon to 21. You really don’t care, so nothing will change.
Explain to me Janis..... how any of your solutions work...... or applying them historically..would have prevented a school shooting?
Why were students listed last??
Give it a rest. You tweet more than @realDonaldTrump
Help fully fund public schools and stop taking money away from them!
Agree 100% Betsy.
Why didn’t you talk to the students?
So you went there, pet a dog, and left?  What compassion.
Did you even speak to the students and teachers? Just a photo-op for you.
You just now thought of that?
A lot of tweets post 60 Minutes interview.  Hmmmm...
People were saying this last week. This week people are trying to take action. Get with the times, twit.
Why is wrong always allowed to rule? If Right thing to do was taught in the Public School System we would not be looking for Armed Guards to protect the schools from children. Teach a child the right way to go, when he matures he will not depart & Creates a new Culture of Peace
"still much work to do"???  How about DoE do some work...any work...  Come on!!!
put your money where your mouth is and don’t arm teachers
you aren't qualified to talk about that
Betsy, are you trying to get your brother a job? He is the founder of Blackwater isn’t he?
My 11 year old, 6th grade, high-functioning autistic daughter is smarter than you!
Resign. You can’t do anything.
From GOD ALMIGHTY's view- to avoid bigger problems, sometimes smaller problems are created as every one will die at some point of time. The message for people is - Get SELF REALIZATION - that will definitely transform things for good. SELF REALIZATION also gives DIVINE Protection
Resign
No. The tragedy is this admin lacks  the balls to do the right thing. No to the NRA. No to guns in school. No to the B.S. excuses & just do it, pass gun law: ntl bkgd chks, proficiency tests/2 yrs, age limits, magazine size limits, # of gun per household limit, etc.
WE MUST ARM TEACHERS !  “CERTAIN SELECTED TEACHERS”...

Obviously
‘...that many did...’?  So fewer dead students will satisfy you?
Guns in schools dont mix. This just in, police resource officer's gun accidentally goes off. What if someone was killed. Making schools look like prison doesnt work. Quit ur job now.
Why do you continue to tweet? Just leave the keys on the desk and go back to your mansion!
Can’t wait to hear all the great discussions while the next bad guy is preparing for the next massacre.
What are you doing today to push for school safety?  Get off Twitter and get to work. Better yet, #ResignDeVos
Listening is not HEARING.  Open up your ears. We think you should go fix Michigan before you are allowed in other states.
What needs to be done has been shown by other countries. BAN ASSAULT WEAPONS. More weapons in schools will only result in more violence. You are unqualified and beholden to your personal financial interests. Children are DEAD. BAN ASSAULT WEAPONS.
Sure is comforting the citizenry did its job, as requested by the gov.  What happened on your end?  The results in Fl were a bunch of adults stripped away the 2A rights of a bunch of adults.  Great!
You are grotesquely unqualified for your position. Please absquatulate.
.
.
.
Now go ahead, look up absquatulate.
Check out the article on this subject from Col Alan West today!! He knows what to do! Needs others to listen and learn!
IS! IS A SAD REMINDER! Not WAS! Seriously? @davidhogg111  and @Emma4Change at least say it with sincerity.
Do us all a favor and resign. You are not qualified for this job. Take your guns and your bible and shove them where the sun does not shine.
Yea Betsy, you’re overmatched and outgunned in this job ... please resign NOW so we have a fighting chance with Education.
Shut up. You went down there, talked to 3 students, petted a dog, and bailed when the questions came. Frikn tramp.
Some schools boards, administrators, and teachers across the Country continue to encourage students to walk out in protest of the Parkland tragedy.  What are you kids doing tomorrow?  Protesting.
Please go away. You are a sad reminder of the failure of this administration. Our children deserve better. You damn well know that you paid for this job and you are way in over your head.
First solution.   Teachers, good guys, with guns will protect students from bad guys.   NRA talking point number 101.    How can we trust teachers not to miss? How is my federal taxes being spent on the training? Is your brother from blackwater doing the training? @kasie @MTP
Only with how to take advantage of them! In that, she's quite well versed!
By "much work" you mean do absolutely nothing and hope more children don't drown in pools of their own blood?
Too little too late. What you can do for the children in this country is to step aside. Allow a skilled professional with an education background provide their expertise to the epidemic of gun violence.
God Bless You for taking so much misdirected heat. Please, just help stop those public school teachers from brainwashing our youth. #KAG ThanQ
Resign you know nothing about the school system. You should be embarrassed about your lack of knowledge on schools. You only got your job because you paid big money for it. Unqualified as hell you are.
Betsy, you spent 20 minutes at Stoneman Douglas only for a photo op. Then your proposal for school safety is more guns. You are despicable, and totally unqualified to be Sec of Ed.
You’re the tragedy to our students and schools. Get bent. 
The tragedy in education is a sad reminder than you have zero experience as an educator and cannot even demonstrate a basic competence of skills and mindset to serve as Secretary of Education. – at Long Island, NY
Go back to  amway, from an educator who sees right through your ignorant manipulation. Pay to Play will be your kryptonite
As the Secretary of Education, you have the ultimate responsibility to make sure that our children and teachers are safe and protected.  You have failed them!  Your tweets means nothing when you don’t even understand the scope of your position that you purchased.   Shame on you!
Wow.
The void behind these words.
A fortune cookie does a better job.
You aren’t trying to protect our kids. You're trying to line your own pockets, and sell off one of our country’s greatest common goods just to turn a profit.
“...still much work to do,” implies there was some sort of work already done. As if every school shooting isn’t met with thoughts and prayers followed by a deafening silence.
You’re a day late and a dollar short.
You prove, as you did on 60 Minutes, that you could care less about the public schools. But way to try to distract from your own issues. Watch out for bears...
Nobody should have to endure your utter lack of experience in your job.  Nobody should have to listen to you not know the first thing about education.  #ResignDeVos
Betsy's idea of school safety
I really feel like it's ok to acknowledge when you are in over your head. Please let someone who is qualified take over. Do it for our children! Please!
Why you care, You haven't seen really bad schools? Maybe try to figure out what they're doing? Please don't talk anymore. 
You have a bully in the White House that you enable. You don't belong in the department you bought.
What have you done to ensure that.
Then do the damn work and stop the epic fail PR tour.  Teachers do not want to need to be armed. Wake the F up DeVos
Mrs. DeVos, the “F” stands for a dirty word in this instance and in no way should  be confused with your performance evaluation which, oddly enough, is represented by the same letter grade.
You have a chance to do something to help American children and you are turning your back on your responsibility to appease the highest bidders. You are a horrible human.
I am not in a position to fire you yet. I know @POTUS likes you. But if you continue this mediocre job I will be asking for your resignation. Please fix it in a month. Tatiana
Should start by getting the cancerous Leftist ideology out of the schools and stop their indoctrination of hate and intolerance!  Bring American Values back!
You need to go! Right now!
Shouldn't you be in class, learning HOW to do your job right now?
Your 60 minutes interview was a sad reminder of your utter incompetence @BetsyDeVosED
We already know your proposed solution, Betsy.
Please shut up Betsy. Go visit one of the failing schools in your state and ask how you can help! It's your fricking job! Do it!
The solution is not arming teachers, Betsy. The fact that you can't acknowledge that shows just how unqualifed you are for this position.
schools be teaching
Real profound. .thanks , solutions?
What would you know about public High School?
In your speech today you mentioned hearing from kids about their ideas for school safety. The Stoneman Douglas kids have a lot of ideas. Why don't you ask them?
The clue train goes right by you!  @Emma4Change will crush you!
Betsy go to under privilege public school in Baltimore! This is the fist thing you should have done when you got hired! #Tatiana cc: @POTUS
Will you publicly support banning high capacity magazines, bump stocks, and semi automatic carbines? If not, just be quiet.
END PROMISE
Less blah-blah-blah platitudes and more intelligent policies....

oops, almost forgot who I am talking to.
Absolutely
Resign Betsy. You are so terrible.
Live look at DeVos policies in action.
I know, let's give them all vouchers to go to different schools.  That'll fix it for sure.
Time to pull your head out of the sand and pay attention to what's wrong with our schools.  I'll give you a hint: lack of mental health resources is one.
Why do you want even more guns in schools then? You don’t care about the children & are working to dismantle the entire Department of Education.
Betsy’s Brilliance Revealed
What’s your solution?
Hiring her mercenary brother and his crappy company to guard wealthy kids, of course!
Sad reminder, look in the mirror.
And no grizzly bear!
