Falling way short of Olympic medal target, U.S. team to take a hard look at what went wrong: http://reut.rs/2HN3eSO  @ossianshine More from #Pyeongchang2018: http://reut.rs/2GIxpJd  
So, you realize that the right to an education, guraranteed to every American, is not the same as an elite athletic competition among few?
Unfortunately, billionaires like #Devos are inexplicably clueless on this topic
Yes it should and we Americans accept your immediate resignation and replacement with a competent educator
Way to build up those in education. How about paying teachers a decent wage, giving them meaningful supply budgets,  reduce class size, feed the families and hold parents responsible for their children!! Most of all we need a decent, experienced educator as education secretary.
With the US already spending more per student than most developed countries, why do you think teachers are still underpaid?
Spending more per student doesn’t just include teacher salaries. Teachers spend almost as many unpaid hours preparing and working to make learning meaningful as they do teaching.  Not to mention endless unpaid meetings and paying for their own required continuing ed hours.
Sorry, i didn’t phrase that question well. The US undoubtedly spends more per k to 12th grade student than most developed countries(top 5).  If teachers are still not paid well, then where does the money go?
That is a good question. I would imagine it’s infrastructure, books, copiers, computers, endless disposables, lunches, mandatory PD, tests, and on & on. Also in the US everyone is educated despite income level. That is not true of all countries. Also discipline is a huge issue.
And you rank 11th of 11 total Secretaries of Education, but you get to keep your job? You are unqualified, you bought the job, and frankly, you are a pox on the word educator (which you are not and have NEVER been. RESIGN...the children deserve the best.

(It’s NOT you)
You guys are anti-education, anti-science, and generally anti-everything well educated believe.  Why do you care what US ranking is?
You know nothing about education in the US Betsy!

Republicans keep taking money away from education and giving it to billionaires like DeVos. Now she complains that public schools aren't doing enough. Hypocrite
Unfortunately parents see the problem as a teacher issue. It starts at home. When students see parents reading, they will too! Imho.
Martin Luther King: "We are likely to find that the problems of housing and education, instead of preceding the elimination of poverty, will themselves be affected if poverty is first abolished.”  @DavidCBerliner @ChildDefender
I’m pretty sure that the US Olympic Committee will throw piles of cash at these athletes to improve their chances of success. How much money are you willing to throw at public education to improve?
Bozo 5k students, weighted in poverty does not represent the us school population. Get educated on the issues.
Excellent point! What does the American public really care about?
How did it feel knowing the @vp had to cast the history setting tie breaking vote to confirm you? The majority of constituents CLEARLY didn't want you as Secretary.
This has what to do with education????? Come on, get off your ignorant low horse......
You're in charge of the damn thing. Do something about it
Yes. Just not from someone as clueless as you. Teachers already have more schooling than most professions but their pay is not reflective of that fact or it's importance in this country. But let's spend more on the Military. Bunch of fools!
Ugh, this was painful to read. This was not an educated post Ms. DeVos.
The answer is NOT to privatize all education
Strongest predictor of international test performance = poverty. Studies show when you control for poverty, US test scores near top of the world. Food deprivation, lack of health care, underfunded libraries are the major problems. Read the research! @DavidCBerliner @ChildDefender
Do you have any clue what place you’d come in if the public could give rankings to education secretaries? #dontgothere
I don't know how to send suggestions to anyone who will listen. How can anyone give open possitive suggestions to anyone in gov.? It seems like you all think you have all the answers. Are you, Betsym Are you different?
You could project it on Trump Tower...that seems to get a lot of attention.
Since you bring ignorance, backwards-thinking, failed policy ideas and fog to your position while retarding the US education system as a whole, I am sure you're licking your lips at drafting this misguided bint in your new education plan
That’s cute, Betsy. Acting like you give a shit about education in the US
I thought it was your job to improve public education.
She is only recommending spending cuts.  That's really improving education.
As a highly qualified public school educator I would love to be a part of this discussion. There are lots of great things happening in public ed. that I’d love to share with you, since I’m not sure how many public educators you work with on a regular basis. Please get in touch!
She is only interested in the privatization of schools.
I sat here for like 10 minutes trying to come up with a sarcastic response and failed. I could only wonder how clueless you can be to say this.  Just. Wow.
Same! Wow just wow!
You need to SHUT THE FUCK UP.

Schools began ignoring rape reports after DeVos' campus sexual assault policy changes, lawsuit says https://www.dailykos.com/story/2018/1/29/1736910/-Schools-began-ignoring-rape-reports-after-DeVos-campus-sexual-assault-policy-changes-lawsuit-says … …
Hope her evil, avarice driven brother gets his inevitable RICO Act indictment.
IF THIS IS NOT A PUTIN BACKED CRIMINAL CABAL, WHERE ARE THE RUSSIAN SANCTIONS ? You KNOW NOTHING of EDUCATION or HUMANITY DeVos. You are complicit in the destruction.
International test scores do not compare well. You would know this if you studied education. #NotMySecretary
You are a crook funded by AMWAY. #dutchmafia
Why are you worried about rankings? This isn’t about winning, it’s about doing better for our youth. Please try and understand the methods in which we educate need constant attention and development. Not to mention YOU are the number one agent for the change you tweet about.
Mrs. DeVos while saying such things does look good & may help some, what would you propose to do to increase the engagement of parents and teachers within a students education? Does the Department of Education have a direction they wish to go to allow for better eduction overall?
Someone has to be 24th, 25th, 40th. It’s more about how knowledgeable our people are, not a placing. BTW, you’re the 12th best secretary of education
On a scale of 1 to 10, 10 being the best, I rate @BetsyDeVosED @BetsyDeVos a -150
 She purchased her seat!   Worst Education Secretary ever.
I offer to teach hard math for FREE and no college will give me the time of day. Will someone explain this to me. Experienced adjunct --- sjt
And being a teacher in a state ranked 48th, in a country with a low ranking education system, who was raised in a state with a solid education system, is sickening. Do something.WV Teachers want to go back to school but will not be bullied by the state. Tell them to stop stalling
The teachers are empowered. Have our backs.
Bigotry and discrimination is the DeVos way.
Your correct, why don’t you tell your boss to stop wasting money on walls and parades and put it all into education to ensure our future. This is is the best investment and requires no maintainence. The return on this investment surpasses everything Trump has done.
#NRAWHORE
You are In a JOB that Thanks to @VP & @GOP that if it wasn't for #Pay4Play You wouldn't be there! UNQUALIFIED Crook Who Should NEVER have a Say in our Kids Future!
Great chance to improve education starts with YOUR resignation

What would you know about improving at anything? You’ve never earned anything. Folks: one more example of how the more money you inherit and/or marry into, the dumber, more tone deaf, intellectually lazy, and morally bankrupt with unethical character you are likely to be.
We need school choice and vouchers or some kind of financial assistance when we use something other than the public schools to educate our children. I don't mind my property taxes paying for schools but while I have kids and I'm not using those schools, I'd like some relief.

Betsy DeVos is the worst Secretary of Education this country has ever seen. @RepKClark and I did a full review of her first year on the job and – spoiler alert – she failed every test. #DeVosWatch http://www.masslive.com/politics/index.ssf/2018/03/elizabeth_warren_katherine_cla_1.html …
I agree Madam Secretary, the time is also now for you to see this up close and personal and understand all the benefits for America. Your staff doesn't seem to think it's important enough to involve you, big mistake...
As a woman raised by a teacher im shocked how little you know about public schools! Please quit!
Well, my dear, if you are going to throw international ed stats around to throw shade on US Education, then I would suggest that you study what the top ranking countries do to get those scores.  Spoiler alert: they don’t do ANYTHING that you propose.  Resign now please.
Please drop out. You failed.
You have no idea about education.
Imagine how poorly US will do in Olympic medal counts when we put athletes through meaningless assessments that discourage
Yes, perhaps you might know a little about poor performance...those charter schools in Michigan you’ve spent millions on over the years to intentionally gut public schools...not very high-performing.
That's not done by slashing funding & programs & pushing your jihadist profit scheme
There are huge obstacles in some states!  
I have made an observation.  All the school shootings over the years, Then recently the teacher problem. Ignoring the deep state issue at hand.  We have ignored our education system for decades. We all know it’s lacking and could be way better.
The @NAACP backs up its call for a moratorium on charter schools with something often missing in today's political environment - #facts.
This tweet precisely frames the reason why public educators were upset with your appointment. Sampling methodology in these international benchmarks (PISA, PIRLS, TIMMS) is well beyond “suspect”.  Our students compete very well internationally. #researchisimportant
You are doing a fantastic job I say prayers every night for you
Have you ever checked out Norway’s public school system? If we even implement one of their positive strategies, I may stop calling for your resignation. #thinkbeforeyoutweet
Betsy won’t because there’s too many words and it would cut into her profit with her charter schools.
you are a year into your tenure as head of the DOE and you are just figuring this out- you need to cut loose the constricting policies that shackle teachers to meet requirements of a test instead of giving students usable applicable skills and knowledge- shame on you
@BetsyDeVosED please consider the differences between how the U.S. tests all children unlike countries whose schools are set up differently. Please! Do some reading. Educate yourself! #publicschools
This tweet precisely frames the reason why public educators were upset with your appointment. Sampling methodology in these international benchmarks (PISA, PIRLS, TIMMS) is well beyond “suspect”.  Our students compete very well internationally. #researchisimoortant
I have said it 1000 times if not 1- we must must must have all 3rd graders reading at level- period!
It will change the nation and all who live here-
Please yes! Schools abdicate responsibility to kids in need. Adversarial. Just ask me about having a child needing an Interpreter for hearing issues. And denied access to charter schools!! No chance for better options! Stuck w poor performing rural school.
Cruella DeVos, you who has no knowledge of public schools & probably never set foot in one until tRump gave you the job, are comparing apples to oranges. You don't understand what we do in the public http://schools.You  don't support us so collect your check & MYOB.
Visit us yisd El Paso
What do you suggest? More pressure?  I have the solution no charge
The simplicity with which you view education is astounding and frightening.  You being involved in the education of children is an embarrassment.
Dear Lord! I doubt our Olympians trained while undernourished or attended underfunded training facilities! You might want to brush up on the proper use of analogies! 
Lol. Your funny. You'll be back to robbing kids full time real soon.  Donny is about ready to go down.
You could help by supporting public education.
As a teacher, I'm embarrassed for you. And your teachers...
I am struggling to be respectful here, but this is just spectacularly stupid. And just another incident in which conservatives seem intent on trashing Valued American institutions, like the FBI, law enforcement officers, the military, and now, our Olympic Team. Shame on you.
Does the US Olympic team accept ALL athletes?
they now read at your level, sad
This level of cluelessness is awe inspiring! The statistics you cite are apples to oranges myths and downright lies perpetuated by special interest hacks and lobbyists like yourself who couldn't distinguish a finely tuned classroom from a hole in the ground!
Why are you lecturing us?  Isn't it YOUR job to solve the problems and not just spout lies about how terrible Public Schools are and how awesome Private/Charters are????  If you're that worried....do YOUR job and not just smile for photo ops old hag.
You say that but why do legislators, state and federal,  and Trump’s budget all cut funding for education?
Let’s start with funding our #schools and providing ongoing professional development. Oh - and educating our Sec. of #Education about what it means to work with #kids. #caedchat #RiseUp
Did you actually write something this stupid?
But parents and teachers have no faith in you, who knows nothing about education, tries to destroy public schools by taking away their funding and sides with rapists on campus instead of the victims
Actually, the time is now to not defund public schools in favor of elitist corporate schools. It is also time for you to resign. Tick tock, Bitsy.
Try taking away all the unfunded mandates and let teachers actually teach! Now, there is a solution!!!!!!
That is why I am writing a book about it.  We need change now.

Empower teachers, yes! First academically smart thing you've said. Not with guns in classrooms. By lower class sizes.
difference is we educate ALL of our kids... We don't let ALL of our athletes compete at the games...
Exactly.  Pay teachers more.  Drop your stupid voucher idea, and get rid of state testing.  #NoVouchers
Give them the funding, resources and tools to do so instead of cutting them and they would!
It's your job to improve the education of our students in PUBLIC SCHOOLS!
Or you could fully fund public education. This would provide for smaller classrooms, better wrap around services and increased support. Of course you work for @realDonaldTrump who just wants to give teachers guns not improve teacher salaries or fund services for students
I agree with you sbout math education in the U.S., but why reinvent the wheel.  Use Singapore math and be done with it.
Great analogy! Now is our time to get education moving in the right direction. #itstartslocal
Its time to support teachers so they can actually teach, and feed there own families. #unqualifified #swampwater #ivorytowerelitistcoward #RethinkDeVos
You haven’t a clue of what really goes on in public education! You know nothing Betsy DeVos!
She know how put people in debt forever
You mean profit from education?
Stop spreading FAKE NEWS.   What You Need to Know About the International Test Scoreshttps://www.huffingtonpost.com/diane-ravitch/international-test-scores_b_4379533.html
We’ve scored low on the PISA since mid 60s. Why? We educate EVERYONE. We test almost EVERYONE. Not all countries do. Our poverty rate  is higher than most advanced nations. Yet, 90% of US kids go to public school & we’re world’s #1 economy.
What are your suggestions for improving these numbers??  All you've done is make statements but have yet to make any progress or suggestions
Thank you for everything you do Betsy! You are God sent and have arrived at a pivotal time for our nation. The Lord be with you in everything you do and give you strength.
The Lord bless the work of your hands one million fold, cover you with His shalom, joy and loving kindness.
Humm, if ur talking about Olympics & improvement, why don’t u start taking action & improve our ed system...GET RID OF COMMON CORE, which would be a good start! Just take a first step! Do ur job!

@VP @MarkYoungTruth @Education4Libs @RealJamesWoods @DLoesch
Yet you would rather help the loan companies screw over the borrowers. But I guess screwing is the best way for you to move up in the world.
The beginning of wisdom is the Fear of the Lord. Education without God, is no education at all. Since the 60’s we have gone the wrong way. Betsy your work is vital to the success of and wellbeing of our nation.
I will pray for you and the rest of the educators to complete the transformation of our school system. We must return to God.

“My people are being destroyed because they don’t know me. Since you priests refuse to know me, I refuse to recognize you as my priests....
Since you have forgotten the laws of your God, I will forget to bless your children.”
Hosea 4:6 NLThttp://bible.com/116/hos.4.6.nlt
You are right.  Overhaul the whole thing. We need to re-introduce prayer in our schools. We need a required class each year focused on studying 613 commandments. Perhaps Proverbs and Gospel books.
Those Olympic athletes will study those who beat them to improve themselves. Perhaps our education policy makers should do the same & take a closer look at what Singapore, Ontario, Shanghai, Finland, and dozens of other countries are doing to understand how we can get better too.
Betsy are school vouchers available now? If not, when do you estimate they will be available?
Education standard probably should go back to when America was leading, while increasing areas where other countries is catching up. Improve the quality of teachers. More Christian values at school to build strong work ethics and discipline.
Go away !
Olympic athletes train for years and try their hardest, so they have earned some disappointment when they don’t achieve their goals. You bought your position, so shut up.
We know what is wrong, POVERTY!  Adjust for poverty and we are not behind.  In theory you should know that, are you ignoring it or you just don't care?
YES! This is why we need a real Secretary of Education, not an incompetent pretender!
If you want change, then start with the govt. Schools need money, teachers need to be paid adequately, excessive testing needs to be reduced. There's so much that needs to happen, but until the govt (federal & state) makes education a priority...nothing will change.
Well said!
Here’s what you need to improve. Add arts back into education. Pay teachers better wages to attract more people to the profession. Stop the crazy amount of standardized testing. Make schools safer.

Fix that and the rankings will fix themselves.
This I do agree with whole heartedly
From a teacher's progeny: Learning style classrooms.  Labs for auditory, visual, tactile, etc. learners.  Far-fetched but possible.
If there was an education olympics my money is on our kids.  Remember Olympics put the best against the best.  Please learn to understand the scores you are misrepresenting!
Adjust your numbers for child poverty and get back to us. There have been numerous studies that you probably haven’t read that do so. Do you think that our Olympians went to train hungry every day?
YES, We need to start with READING. Look at the SCIENTIFIC data that tells us how to teach reading to ALL children. Why aren’t we doing that?  Good God, it’s not rocket science, get on that ASAP.  ADVOCATE OR ACCOMPLICE Betsy? Help these kids NOW.  PLEASE. 
Since when did our ranking in the world matter to anyone in that administration? Aren't we first in gun related deaths per 100,000 people? Aren't we first in mass shootings? Helping students learn and grow might start with helping them to live long enough to get to college. 
Here’s an idea, @BetsyDeVosED! If our schools are lower-performing than other nations, chances are it’s mainly because of our heterogeneous population. If we keep all the ELLs, SWDs & pesky people of color out, we should jump to the top! #sarcasm
Hey the man that gave you your job can't read. Being 24/25th is clearly not as bad as all that?
Yes it does by someone who actually knows what they are doing with experience in their field and that is not you!
You have my full support.
Empower them how? What policy are you implementing? Prayer alone will not help...
I’m ok with that.  Just don’t have my tax $ pay for vouchers to private religious schools, o any kind.
When you set up public schools to fail this is what you get. The policies that you've advocated for by shifting resources from publc schools to private charters and making a government agency compete against itself are the root of these horrible outcomes
Why don't you take a hard look at yourself? Your plan is to protect predatory loan servicers like Navient rather than protect students. Get your priorities straight.
No shit. Support public schools. Get rid of unfunded mandates. Reorganize the way we finance schools. Give teachers the freedom to teach.
I teach at Ottawa Hills. Want to wander down the street from GR Christian and see what’s really going on in GR and the rest of the world?

Start with control so our kids can live long enough to improve #neveragain
our school system needs more money for special ed services. Can we talk?
DeVos I would love to meet and discuss your plans. I'm still convinced your plans are for you to make money. Your not an educator
Let's start with an Education Secretary who actually has some skill, credentials, and vision in... you know, education! #ResignBetsy
THAT is a really stupid comparison 4 the U.S. Secretary of Education 2 make. Obviously @BetsyDeVosED hasn't read the Sandia Report & doesn't understand statistics or factors that influence standardized test scores.The only #standard that needs 2B higher is the 1 for her position.
Oh shut up. You are so typical. Olympians to chilren that you continue to be indoctrinated. Just like those Olympians is all about $$$$ to you.
You just don't get it. Fire yourself.
Are you kidding me - with your abysmal leadership our public schools & students are suffering!!! The time for you to RESIGN is now!!!
Sure! Let’s get a competent secretary of education to lead the way! I am totally on board with this! Thanks @BetsyDeVosED !!!
Get Federal Govt and unions out of education.
How about funding schools instead of stripping them and making it look like misappropriation?!?
Platitudes are meaningless. I’m all for empowering teachers to teach. That takes money. Pony it up Sec Betsy.
Again Betsy, you should stop talking. Your record on education gives you no right.
I've taught for 18 years and still don't have the solution. So... uh what's the solution? You're a billionaire who actively makes money off the backs of defaulting student loans - I figure you'd be delighted in NOT succeeding right?
Very well put!!!
Blow me #teachersagainstdevos
If you and the current administration side with student loan debt collectors, I'm severely disappointed. The spirit of philanthropy of your family apparently dies with you. Grand Rapids was pretty kind to you folks, yeah?

Are you for real, Dolores?
If you can't see the irony in your own tweet in light of the manner in which public education is being impacted by this admin then I suggest you take a nice short step back.
What irony are you referring to?
Omg, just stop talking you unqualified hack.
Sure. Let’s get an Education Secretary interested in more than further enriching her family and pimping Jesus. Sound like a plan, Betsy?
There is not one American that likes @BetsyDeVosED outside of her family and I am betting half of them are on the dislike side
Why do you think public school are better than private?
But isn’t paying for a students private education helping the student?  Most students who qualify for financial aide are middle class or poor.
How about having that funding based on where students choose to go to school?  If public schools are good, kids will want to go to them. It’s not about rich vs poor. It’s about ensuring kids get a good education, which is something everyone should back regardless of income.
So you are against letting kids go to the school of their choice?  Why would you say that is a fallacy?
USA tests all students. Other countries test only top students. Apples and oranges.
Do you have sources to back this claim?
I triple dog dare you to spend one day in an urban school. #resign #youknownothing
End #nochildleftbehind. End #standardizedtesting
The education system is run by the teacher’s union. They hate you because your concern is  kids, not protecting the decrepit dynasty they created - which is not preparing our children for the world. Them hitting you means you are doing a good job.
Only in the US...Let's cut funding for education and expect better results.  Let's expect better results from teachers while training them to shoot intruders..
.@BetsyDeVosED I would agree, if the two were parallel. As it is, and as you should know, they’re not. Olympics is national best against national best. International tests are often their upper tier against our entire range of students. #incompetencereigns #resign
Do you have sources to back your claim that international test are only given to top tier?  Also which test are you referring to?
Thanks for the question. Give me a couple tweets to respond. One example would be students with disabilities. The American school system is one of the most inclusive in the world. In many other countries, students with disabilities continue to be institutionalized.
For example, when my school administered PISA, despite having a less than 9% rate of special education, our selection rate for students with disabilities was 14%. In many other school systems, those students would not be educated as part of the general pop and thus not be tested
Further, a 2013 study found an overrepresentation of students from low-SES backgrounds in the American PISA samples compared to countries with similar economic profiles. You can read that here:
Another source backing my assertion about lack inclusion of students with disabilities can be found in this report: https://www.unicef.org/disabilities/files/SNE_Country_Data_2012.pdf …  If the students aren’t in the inclusive settings, they cannot be pulled into the random samples.
Thanks so much for sending!  I read the entire epi report. :) Their controlling by demo is insightful, but doesn’t invalidate population level stats.  US is still overall mid-tier in education even if some demos are doing better. Good read even tho it is 5 years old.
Thanks to you!
Why do you think this is the federal government’s fault?
She destroyed Michigan schools way before becoming sec of ed. Her incompetent ass was obviously the highest bidder and thats why @realDonaldTrump gave her the job.
Your pic only shows for 4th grade reading.  which of her education decisions in michigan affected this?  Why, in your opinon, do you think her policies negatively impacted michigan?
Shes a billionaire lobbyist whos goal was to destroy public schools, pushing charter schools that ended up performing poorly. Shes a fraud! Look it up its no secret!
Thanks for thr article. Interesting read. In this artcile there are some key statsmissing. Like how well are the charter schools she opened doing compared to the public schools? And what is the ratio of kids in charter school vs public school.
And forget about privatizing #PuertoRico schools!
Why?
Same problem...both Parents working too hard and long to support their kids on excellence.
And privatization is not the answer. Neither is charter schools! Of course some charters are great but most of them failing schools. #publiceeucation #firedevos
Still showing how clueless you are about ALL matters related to education. Want to talk #s? Look at the rate of child poverty in the U.S.  compared to other countries in these rankings. Factor out kids in poverty and we're doing fine. Try doing  some research. It helps.
Are you saying poor kids can’t learn? Cuba has a 99% literacy rate.
Yes! We need real educators running our schools, not someone who wants to profits off our kids and only has the position because she donated to the #WorstPresidentEver 

Resign now!
DeVos, resign & get your money back. You are not worthy of this office. Our children deserve the best and that’s not you
Why is she not worthy?
Check and see how many of those countries in front of us are educating EVERYONE or if they are forcing kids as 8th graders into trades classes
Our President doesn’t read much.
Yes, the @USA Olympics allows coaches to coach without making them write out detailed lesson plans, the coaches are also provided with all of the training and technology they need to get the job done. Shouldn’t education learn from sports? #4>24 #TeacherProblems
You are the worst!
it's easy we're getting weaker and more stupid
With every tweet you show us all how unqualified you are. You should resign.
How does cutting public education funding, under your leadership, assist in reaching the goals or solving the concerns you have?
How does continuing to spend on public schools in the manner that led to poor rankings help?  If a strategy hasn’t worked for 40 years shouldn’t we change strategy?
thumbs up
Yes, it should. But please tell me, what exactly you intend to do. Yours in charge of this now. Act like it or step down
The difference is that the Olympic trainers will learn from the other countries and build on that. You are trying for the exact, by doing something not proven to be better. Let’s take educational best practices from around the globe and build on that.
Which best practices are you referring to?
Agreed
On the surface, this sounds like a good analogy but it’s faulty logic. @USOlympic trains the most elite athletes (top1%). Weeds out everyone else then provides the best training environment, coaches, trainers, doctors. U.S. Teachers & schools educate EVERYONE w limited resources.
Yeah but the olympic athletes the US compete against are also in the 1% and the international education systems we are ranked against also educate everyone in their country.
You definitely aren't empowering anything.  Resign!!!!
Not comparable. Only 242 athletes compete out of the roughly 460,000 college age athletes in America. So only 0.0005% athletes compete. America graduates roughly 83% of students and we make all take state tests,  not just the top 0.0005%.
Also,  Olympians (1/2)
are sponsored to train. They have private coaches working w/them 1 on 1 to accomplish 1 task and are self driven. Student's are not paid, they are put into classrooms with a 1:35 teacher/student ratio, are required to focus on numerous tasks and HAVE to be there. Not comparable.
I don’t think she is comparing olympic athletes to students. Rather she’s saying that our students fair worse than in other countries, so we should invest in them like we do in olympic athletes.
Secretary @BetsyDeVosED  , Culturally the USA needs to encourage parents to recognize that their children need to be smarter than their parents.  From MT. to ME, too often parents think if it was good enough for me, it is good enough for my kids. No competing with that attitude.
Really? Who the hell are you to comment? You have zero skill set for your job!
Now is the time to protect teachers and students from mass slaugher by BANNING ASSAULT WEAPONS. It is clear that you still don't understand the difference between growth and proficiency. You are not qualified for this job. RESIGN.
Shut up, Bitty.
