Pay teachers. They do a really good job. You should check out public schools some time. We won’t allow you to sell our public schools for parts.
Teachers are paid enough. Eliminate the Dept of Education is a good start. It has only made our education worse...along with teachers' unions.
This is the same logic that says CDC should be shut down for health reasons, or we should eliminate the Army for defense purposes.
Absurd. It is not close to the "same logic".  CDC and army are useful for the nation and do productive work, not destructive like the Dept of Education.
You’re just anti-education, then? That’s awful.
I'm anti-big govt and anti- bureaucracy. I also like to see schools improve. Dept of Education doesn't help that process. You know that, right?
Top-down approach? LULZ. What is Amway? Oh right, a pyramid scheme...
That was a dumb comment.
Nah.
Yah.
I guess you're part of the Amway inheritance.
Zing?
Hungry children don't learn as well.  Homeless students don't learn as well.  Education is connected to the fabric of society.  Principals and school counselors and school nurses are the front lines for child safety.  Fund public schools--build succesful adults.  @MarkRJohnsonNC
Children who are under federal control do not do well.  Need school choice, need decentralization of education, need to stop govt underwriting college loans as it drives up tuition prices.
"children under federal control" is a vague ambiguous rhetoric that I do not accept.  "Decentralization" of education is absurd.  The reason why boy scouts are so very, very succesful as leaders is they all strive to improve best practices and share them.
Boy Scouts? Huh?

I'll be more explicit. The Dept of Education has been a huge failure and has decreased the quality of education. Quite a stunt given the massive amounts of money spent over the past four decades.
You have zero idea what you are talking about
And instead of working on that relationship teachers will be at the gun range so the NRA can sell more weapons

Need to rethink your response to making schools safe or there will not be time for teacher/student relationships

#GunReformNow #NRAownsTrump

Parents are completely shouldering the burden of raising their children, financially, physically, spiritually, intellectually. All to be handed over on a platter to the mind numbing propagandism of the left? They will NOT infringe on my God-given rights! That's why I home-school. …
We had really high hopes for you. Not seeing enough! Where is the condemnation of students and teachers taking a day off of education for political pupose? They needed to be in their seats! Learning. Protest on your own time! Not on my tax dollars time!!!!
WTF! You are a piece of work. Don’t you know that trusting relationships between teacher, parent, and student already exists and continue to grow? This Tweet of yours shows your ignorance of what goes on daily in public schools across the country. Go home
So? Resign. You are the federal representative. Get lost.
Mabey u should stop doing what u do and leave forever
If you mean this you can immediately remove the mandates for testing. This will help parents & teachers right now & will save district funding to put into meaningful items. Tell billionaire influence they have no place in our curriculum.
#shutupdevos #devosSTUPIDITY ... minute by minute
I’m amazed on how little Betsy knows about the workings of public schools and all the great things occurring in them. Please resign
This tweet storm today reeks of someone trying to save her job.
Maybe it will be like a “twist” on the Apprentice where he gets rid of 2 people in 1 episode
Nobody trusts you Betsy.
Without trust there is nothing.
Resign Betsy.
We know you only got the job because of your brother.
That’s totally unfair! Betsy’s husband was also involved with creating Putin’s back channel to Trump.
"Durp, don't have a clue, hired people help me say things on twitter, durp"
TRUST?...RESIGN NOW before the grizzles get you.
Yea, that federal top down approach is no good. We need the Amway top down approach, where everyone benefits equally. You can do it Betsy.
Congrats https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/22/opinion/betsy-devos-trump-worst-cabinet-member.html …! And after your #60Minutes face plant, you've cinched the title for YEARS to come! #RESIGN #UNFIT #PublicschoolProud #PTALegCon #BuyAJobBetsy
Home schooling, is that what you’re advocating for?  That’s stupid!!!
If we could just get rid of the unions, administration who are poised adversarially to families w children in need.
Your tweet reflects your ignorance.
This job has got to be depressing.  You should get out now.  Life's too short.  You could be eating watercress sandwiches at the club instead of being the target of a nation's ire.  Think of how much happier you'd be if you could be mean and incompetent in private?
RESIGN NOW
Confused on your states vs feds platform.  A federal top down approach for school choice & taking money away from public K-12. Hands off approach for issues with civil rights, discrimination, ADA, etc.  Hands on for the oversight of student loan servicers.
The federal hiring of people who buy their jobs distorts what the Sec of Ed ought to be. Please resign.
Ugh go away you incompetent ninny
Cool then just resign send us the cash you wouldn't send if we don't teach to federally mandated standardized tests and leave education up to states and community.
You’re not even a teacher. Your qualification is that you’re a parent, so i guess it makes sense that the only thing you’re qualified to do is fuck things up.
So get out of their way and let the teachers teach and the kids learn.
Schools should never be run by a corporation for profit.
Please, for the love of God, remove yourself.  You aren’t helping ANYONE w/your lack of educational knowledge.  You know you can’t help this nation’s schools & the fact that you haven’t visited low-performing schools is the greatest proof.  Have some decency!
What does this mean?  What will you actually do to move the needle?  This type of rhetoric is empty of meaning and action.  No wonder so many people want you to resign.
This makes no sense. Resign.
Federal first interferes?
Thank you Betsy for schooling the schoolers on how education should be done.
Huh?
Get child-trannies and Marx out of schools. Thanks
Right wing racist.
Thank you for your hard work, ma'am. So many point fingers & criticise ... I appreciate what you are doing to MAGA. 

Keep your head held high & keep doing what you know is Right.

God bless you and yours! 

You are in my thoughts & prayers.
What exactly did she say in this tweet?  What will she do?  How can we get parents involved when they have to work and they are trying to survive themselves?
You can read what she said. Most parents have had to work from day 1, yet still find time to take care of their kids needs too, mine did. My Daddy was in a wheelchair yet worked long hours at a cotton gin office. Life is not always easy but when we work together, we accomplish...
...what needs to be done. We must work together, not against each other. All the "resist" crap is Bull. We are Americans. It's time we start acting like it. Guns aren't the problem, cold/Godless hearts are. Treat others as you want to be treated. Be kind. Teach it to our kids...
...Teach the kids to be kind, not bully or beat up or kill other. The pioneers would not have made it if they hadn't relied on each other. We have come a long way technology wise but our 's have grown cold. It's sad & uncalled for, but change starts with you & me...God bless
Yeah, but you had a state-focused approach in Michigan until you and your family dragged our standards down because you found enough other uninformed people to realize that they didn’t want to go to school with people that didn’t have their income level. #YoureTheWorst
Ok.  Then give resources to make this happen.
In the real world, teachers struggle to get parents engaged and involved in their child's education.

How I feel every time you share your "ideas"
You have no clue! #resign
Your post has been up for four hours. You have 12 likes. 
Any questions about your relevance in this dialog we call education? @realDonaldTrump ... wtf?
Do you even know what your people are tweeting?
That is a noble vision.  But it's also straight out of East Grand Rapids.  Underperforming schools located in places you have yet to visit "intentionally" simply lack the resources and social reinforcements to accomplish that.  A fully funded public school system is essential.
Please explain why your charter schools are actually under performing and when will you be visiting an underperforming public school and actually LISTENING to educators? #FireDeVos
This person is an embarrassment to our education system.
I bind you,Betsy, from doing harm. Harm against other people and harm against yourself. #resign #resist #thecraft
Who helped you with that?
Lets not forget what causes this violent environment....Wrong Indoctrination in the Public School System; Removal of GOD, PRAYER, Discipline, Respect and Love for one another in the Public School System of Liberal Agendas, along with the removal of Parental Rights of discipline,
You're trying to get people to forget how incompetent you looked on 60 minutes

Sounds like arming educators is the answer then!
Ms. DeVos, you, Mr. Trump, congress ARE the federal government.
Who is writing all of this for you?   These are not your words.
That's pretty good and you know what? That's what public schools are for. Please go home.
Or we can just take any and all funding away from public schools give it to private and charter schools and teach our children how to make furniture instead of learning valuable information. The DeVos approach.
How? Back up your claims with evidence.
This is what happens - if you knew anything about teaching - you would know that. How do we create opportunities and give children resources when we have none? How do we encourage children to listen and follow their dreams when all you do is bash us!
You literally couldn’t define pedagogy. You have no right to talk about education like you’re an authority. You’re a joke, and everyone knows it.
So says a woman who’s spent less time in a classroom than a first-year student teacher.
Interesting:  the "top-down" approach to education is bad ... yet "trickle down" economics is good.
Until you have experienced it,
Just 
ST*U
(Please).

It's not perfect,
but your plans are worse and more expensive.

@NEA
@NationalPTA
#SpecialEducation #IDEA
#ADA
#EmotionalIntelligence
#socialskills
#SocialJustice
#PreparingForFutures

@whpresscorps @AP @SRuhle
Don't forget crippling debt from college loans...oh wait! You have no clue! You degree isn't relevant to your position! So, how did you get your job? Oh! You bought it from money you got from your rich parents! And paying the President!
So you want to end ADA regs? That's the Fed's main involvement....
Trust? Teachers need to be empowered, phones, yelling, disruption, multiple languages, no ones learning teachers powerless, no D’s or F’s
You screwed #Michigan
Yes parents matter!
Rhetoric with no meaning yet again.
I see you're getting some basics in. Good for you. Now go away !
RESIGN!!!!
“Among,” not “between.” Just the tip of the iceberg.
You know what is not a part of that relationship and can be removed?  

@BetsyDeVosED as Secretary of Education!
Tell me, how can I make the one-on-one connection with each parent for 160 kids I see every day? Parents working, my after-school school-related work, and then planning, grading, and reading? Smaller class sizes, Betsy. How will you accomplish this?
Smaller class sizes is not just what seems educators are saying, unions have been fighting more often for smaller class sizes than they have for increase teacher pay and better benefits. Small class sizes succeeds in charter and private schools. Apply it to public schools.
These things already occur in public schools, but you want to break down the public schools by creating competition through charters that are bolstered by billionaires. That is the destruction of a public institution.

This dumdum has obviously hired a tweeter! Had nothing to say for a year and now she's tweeting like trump. Just stfu who ever is running this account it doesn't help her idiocy!
When are you going to get the Fed out of education and let the states be responsible for their schools? Also when you getting rid of the teachers union?
The feds can't get out entirely
#ada #idea #specialeducation they have been holding accountable. States and local districts have actually added on to the skeleton guidelines provided by the feds.
https://www.facebook.com/NowThisPolitics/videos/1961182883913192/ …
My 9 year old daughter told me, "dad, I LOVE my teacher, but I don't trust her because the government tries to hold her to rigorous academic standards." 

I responded, "I know, honey, but I can't go talk to her about it because she's a cool in the federal machine."
You're rainbows and butterflies approach isn't the typical American classroom.  Teachers don't always get parent involvement, have to be in parent mode when they shouldn't, and often times have to help teach children that are not at the satisfactory grade level.
How much experience do you have in the classroom again? Did you or any of your children even attend public schools? Ever have to take out student loans? Have you ever even been on a school bus? #resign
resign
You ideas have already failed miserably in Michigan. They’re a proven failure. How about you try arming teachers with this?
Trying to save your ass? Not a good try
You talk in circles,,WTF ,,,Resign
Trust this...leave the decisions to actual educators and it will be fine.  Go away!
