 For crying out loud, Betsy. Literally EVERYONE in education has known this all along. This would be like the surgeon general walking into a hospital and saying, “We heal people here.  This is important to our society.” 

Forget mansplaining. Try Betsy-splaining.
I don't believe I've heard a more vapid remark since Nixon's "Sock it to me"
Yes, gaining technical skills and in context experience in a trade is paramount to success in it. Please explain your lack of any relevant experience before purchasing your position and how that directly equates to the mess you are creating.
Shouldn't you atleast be a little educated to open that pie hole??
You bought your job. You know nothing about education.
Worse Secretary of Education ever!! #Resign
...if there was an issue of clear denial of safety & educational rights to #specialneeds kids where their placement (best learning environment), progress monitoring & confidentiality is not just ignored, trampled to put their disabled teacher into a state of physical regression
They need to be Real Opportunities.  Many kids I know have taken these courses & can't do much with them upon graduation.  My son wants to be a truck driver like his dad, with electrical or computer as a fall back. He also doesn't want debt till he's 50.
Not new news DeVos.  You are coming from the dark ages!!
The photo on the right MUST become a MEME.  How would YOU CAPTION it?
I’ve been enjoying an evening on Betsy DeVos’ Twitter. Twice now, I’ve wanted to make a comment only to find that you beat me to it. We are two peas. Say hello to your newest follower.
Followed you right back! It's good to have a sister! (Isn't Betsy just the worse. Only there because of her brother.)
you know the mask is supposed to be kept ON, right? i guess you were the one who told @realDonaldTrump to take off his eclipse glasses and stare right into it? figures.
nobody gives a shit what you think. You have no idea how to do your job. But I guess that's the point, right?
#resign and #goaway
You realize by taking money from public schools you are removing schools ability to provide real technical skills in programs like wood/auto shop. You really should resign and let someone who knows what they are doing step in. You are proof that a person can't buy logic.
DeVos rescinds 72 guidance documents outlining rights for disabled students - The Washington Post
Schools began ignoring rape reports after DeVos' campus sexual assault policy changes, lawsuit says https://www.dailykos.com/story/2018/1/29/1736910/-Schools-began-ignoring-rape-reports-after-DeVos-campus-sexual-assault-policy-changes-lawsuit-says … …
Civil rights groups sue Betsy DeVos over sexual assault policy via @jmsummers - CNNPolitics http://www.cnn.com/2018/01/25/politics/devos-title-ix-lawsuit-sexual-violence/index.html … …
...will it matter since they just dump lawyers on the situation who don’t even pay attention enough because they’ve gone through the motions...how about this?  Make the language so that everyone can follow without feeling like an idiot? If you avoid & distract for years, I recall
For Fuck sake can you please say something that isn't obvious.

You are really shitty at being a human being. SAD! DO SOMETHING!
Humanities and arts education is also important to the future success of our students. These types of classroom experiences provide students an opportunity to develop global awareness and empathy as they move into the world populated by the likes of today's government officials.
Yes! The only education because it’s the process of #creativity & that’s producing something out of nothing & the belief that no matter #WHO you are & #WHERE you come, it’s possible to change your life instantly. That was the motivation to stay in this profession & I’m glad for
keep up the work Betsy. The left want to monopolize one-size-fits-all for schools. See how well that's working out don't we
One-size-fits-all schools? Have you been in a public school lately? Do you have any idea how hard teachers work to meet the needs of the students they teach? What work has @BetsyDeVos done to help schools?
yes almost daily. I volunteer in my local schools. But we don't follow the Mandate of Common Core
Soooo, then explain your comment?
You lost her on explain...ok, I get confused & have been open regarding “changes” in thinking & how sequence & encode/retrieve memories is #different. It makes you very “blunt” and that’s OK. I’m just holding these alleged grown-ups to the sane standard as my students! #honesty
May I suggest, http://Grammarly.com  before you post.
Actually,we use to have trade options in our high schools..until corrupt politicians came along and robbed our schools blind,stealing the money for  self interest ! We ARE the majority and we will fight until every last one of YOU is in a soup line ! 
Stop tweeting, Betsy! 
...it is grating at this point. It’s the image so can we call out those who don’t really live in reality & use fantasy to send a message of phoniness. Don’t assume what people stand for! Make them prove it!!
Do you know that most career and tech jobs lead to are at a post high school reading level.   Quit trying to destroy public schools #youaretheworst
#youaretheworst ! lol ! May I add anyone who walks away from kids self-harming & anyone who decides to stay in one’s house triggering them with the very violence that was happening daily in that school setting & #WHY reality is skewed. Ok, said it! #mentalAbuse is #exposed
Our teachers are suffering!
So are the students. Wait until they get to be adults. They will not be able to keep a job, like my son. There is no hope for the LD.
So let’s increase federal funding to public schools because these programs are incredibly expensive.
Increase all funding to those who are effective!  Are making measurable gains & can prove it! Have kids that perform independently & excited to learn. Expose kids to what’s out there!!  Show them every nook of this amazing works & gran then thru a passion!  Mine is #Education
Dear Swamp Thing: you need to support public schools.  Stopy being a greedy, immoral millionaire trying to get more money, at the expense of our teachers and students.  You are not a Christian.
...can we challenge one’s #KNOWLEDGE based on explaining their decision-making thought process & then legitimately question is they #cost2much. I ask since 20/20 is the most essential thing post-tragedy & is what those who did “wrong” rely on. Not stuck!  It’s literally my life
Yeah, and Title 1 kids need a lot more than that, but you want to cut $mill$ from T1 funding. 1/2 of our nation's kids live in poverty. WTF

Aren't we already doing this in our public education system? We can't take $ from public schools 4 your charter schools. Public schools r already underfunded. It didn't work 4 u in MI & it won't work 4 all of US.

Looks like Mueller's got Betsy DeVos' brother, Erik Prince, on national security crimes and perjurin' himself before Congress.

The real irony for Betsy Devos is that our kids are gonna study about…

Students: Our friends are killed left and right.
Betsy DeVos: Let's arm teachers  !!

An internal Education Department report shows that Secretary Betsy DeVos inquired about prosecuting employees who leaked information to news outlets. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2018/04/04/education-secretary-betsy-devos-asked-if-leakers-could-be-prosecuted-internal-report-shows/?utm_term=.5f2fcf026e1b&wpisrc=nl_daily202&wpmm=1 …
Brava!
You aren’t there for education. Your there for money more respect if you just kept it real.
Says the lady wanting to cut fundraising by to public schools. 
EVERYONE on Twitter can’t stand you! And that’s millions of replies over the past year.  Is being Education Secretary just a hobby because you’re bored at home?
#Resign
If you are there, it isn’t necessarily a good thing.
MANY career centers work with public schools daily to go this. You'd know that if you EVER. STEPPED. FOOT. IN. EITHER.
Thank you, Secretary DeVos. We need more funding and better-equipped facilities to continue to deliver quality programs to the youth in America. CTE education is preparing our future workforce....
Great, thank you.
Public school?  Private school?  Equity for ALL SCHOOLS.
With each ugly post and insult by educators I hope your resolve is strengthened. May God bless your work and keep you in His care.
Agreed. So what are you doing to proliferate these types of programs in the inner city?
Will there be funding to replicate these programs for ALL schools and for professional development for ALL teachers?
I'm surprised you know anything about what students need to be successful.
Please leave Texas
Each of those kids is a million times better qualified for your job than you.
Stop wasting time and money on photo ops. America will continue to despise you.
We totally agree, hopefully someday you will take a look at our model, nothing short of amazing...
Shut up, you idiot.
Betsy has never worked a real job in her life. She is the LAST person to talk about career training.
Can’t have anyone go to college! Gotta keep the poor in their place!
Believe it or not, DeVos's ultimate objective is to end public education in the U.S. She does not want people to learn. She wants people to be ignorant, especially about science & history. Indoctrination of biblical literalism is the only kind of "education" she truly supports.
Are people suppose to be impressed by the expensive jewelry you wear?
Personally I find it cold, callous and quite VULGAR.

One of many reasons WHY you are NOT qualified for any government job.

GO BACK to Michigan or Florida and STAY there... you know whatever season it is.
Go away
Good holy Moses on a popsicle stick...you are so irrelevant. Have you even once read through your comments?

#Yeesh
What do you know about career readiness, Betsy? Yours was bought.
Another photo op.  Please resign.  We need real leadership for our schools from someone who understands education.  You are a phony, Betsy DeVos!
you should be fired and so should your boss.
Do they have these programs in your precious charter schools?!? I bet not.
DeVos you haven’t got a clue what these kids need.....
Love you, Betsy! Keep it up!
BISDFutureGrads
maybe she should support the school teachers, the schools infrastructures and do something besides taking away students rights. All these billionaires care about is lining their own pocketbooks and photo ops
This has been going on for years.  You tryin’ to be like,”Little Donny,” and take credit for something you had nothing to do with?
I agree.  Let's fund public schools so they can offer it.
Yes! Great stuff!
Ma’am NOT if you keep cutting back on the Budget!!! And pay teacher a better wage!!! You have NO knowledge of what public schools need!! Get out of your Golden tower and look!! Or stay in your Gold tower and “ shut up “ Ma’am!! No one is listing

"With these GOGGLES on I can no longer see the BROWN KIDS!" Betsy DeVos #thursdaythoughts 
I agree. Then you cut funding, take funds from public schools for private schools and then underfunded public schools have to cut the very programs you praise in this tweet. SHAME!!
Go home. Resign. Leave the country. Don’t care as long as u go the F away
How would you possibly know? When have you ever worked with students directly? Astonishing the ignorance of this administration.
CTE students also pursue higher education and technical degrees in much needed areas of STEM and can apply knowledge to real world problems.
Someone wrote this for you.  You usually  can't put an entire coherent sentence together.   Maybe a public education would have provided you with a better education.
Pathetic unqualified moron 
#DumpDevos
Why are you allowing UN education to be used in American schools.
Your failing our children.
End Common Core, get our children off chrome books.
So are you going to do anything to fix Oklahoma's shitty schools?  I don't think anybody is getting much out of their classroom experience when literally everything surrounding them is rotting.
gdamned spoiled member of the DeVos dynasty- the kind trump likes to add to his stable of unqualified oligarchs.
trump stoolie.  go back to Amway.
Look into the light.

Maybe our limited resources should be shared here rather than single-track college prep charter school. Good thinking.
You mean as they move onto college, right?

Your budget promoted cuts to CTE funding.

#BirdvilleFutureGrads #BISDCTE
Need for chairs that are not old and damaged to sit on all day! They need Textbooks etc. Technical Education cost coming from where?  Help with teacher's salaries being ignored, so disgraceful! #ArmTeachersWithBooksPencils 1st #CommonSense needed from administration @Potus @cnn
Betsy, as an educator I would think you would be pushing college educations. Are you saying these children shown are not smart enough to succeed? Wish we could fire you!
And yet you seek to gut education at every turn.
IF you actually cared about the successful future of students, you’d admit you know nothing about education and resign immediately so a qualified Sec of Education could be found. But no- you continue you’re charade. People HATE YOU Betsy!!! GO AWAY!!!! #ByeByeBitchBetsyDeVos
This is info all educators know, but since you are not an educator I understand how this might be news to you.  You should resign.
Why hasn't anyone sat on Betsy DeVos' face by now? What's the hold up?
I live in a state where funding for this type of education is being cut... the best thing you can do to help is to resign...now
Charter, Private & Vocational are the way to go.
Hey.  Wow... must be a crazy day.  Something I agree with you on, finally.
You’re terrible
Says the unqualified billionaire.
You tell them not every American will inherit a scamway fortune , Betsy. Resign ya got your $200M worth.   #SpectrumBank #Mercer #NRAinMoscow.  #SaudiArabia  
What do you foresee happening soon that we need to get a bunch of kids trained on blood splatter analysis like the kids in the 2nd picture?
Then fund them rather than take money for your friends’ benefit
Your bother is going to be arrested.
You've never been in a classroom. How would you know?
Not many charter schools are able to offer career and technical education.  Must have been some kind of photo opp.
That’s a public school.
We are so lucky to have such a polished, poised, composed lady to be an example to our students today. You're a refreshing role model for our kids. Unlike the feckless low life's you've had to deal w/ behaving like seething, vicious, foaming at the mouth, hissing, rapid beasts.
#Resist #SaveOurPublicSchools #CountryOverParty #KnowledgeIsPower #VoteBlue2018   
Vote blue will do you no good since all your resisters will be behind bars. 
#SCHOOLCHOICE, #SCHOOLVOUCHERS #DOWNWITHRESIST #ARRESTHILLARY
This isn’t new. What’s your point?
Well, Betsy, now we have to work on getting you some skills.

At what, exactly, do you think you might be capable?

I, for one, can think of nothing.
Presumably only in private and charter schools.
They were public schools.
You visited a school?!! Congrats. Big step for you. Next thing you know, you’ll be reading a textbook or something.
Go home- you’re not wanted here- #publicschools
And your suggestion for improvement is to funnel some of these novice kids to for profit colleges in order to make a profit off them......seems legit 
Is that a public school?
yes
That’s a pleasant change.  Welcome to where we all work @BetsyDeVosED. Now keep going to them.
For all those low paying jobs, jobs, jobs.
Nothing but a #photoop.........
They do that as a part of PUBLIC EDUCATION where I am from. Come take a look.
This is a public school.
Where's your protective eyewear on the right, dumdum?
