Yes because stock photos accurately depict the American classroom. Like us teachers whose hair and makeup are still perfect after a day with elementary kids or who wear pearls and stilettos all day and still have a smile on our faces.
I have all of 3 desks in my room. One is used to hold supplies. One is the LEGO desk for refocusing. One is available if a student wants to move away from the group. We sit in groups at tables, on the floor, in bean bag chairs, on exercise balls, or in camping chairs (most of
that seating was purchased by me, btw). Sometimes we stand. We move. We work in groups. We have music going throughout the day. You, who haven’t actually taught like ever, don’t know thing one about what goes on in real classrooms.
Even in Oklahoma, one of the lowest funded education systems in the country, with the lowest paid teachers- classrooms don’t look as outdated as this. It’s disgraceful you were appointed to your position. Resign. Let someone take over that knows what the hell they’re doing.

I respectfully disagree @BetsyDeVosED Please come visit our school and see the many things that have changed!
I love your classroom!
Thank you @4greatschools! Here is the rest! It’s a work in progress!
Your room is absolutely amazing!
Thank you! 
No it doesn’t. We spent our whole morning filling and planting our brand new classroom garden! #thisiseducation

No Betsy. Again, just no. Thanks for once again proving why so many fought your nomination in the first place. #dumpdevos
How many black ppl are in this class? 
I have 26 in that class. They were on a scavenger hunt of sorts through our building. This group was in our library.
 I appreciate your service, ma'am.
Thank you! I love my job and appreciate the service of so many in our society. Be well!
I know it's probably not your fault, but I really wish your Twitter banner picture (w/ all those students) had more black children in it. 
I hear that.
So your public schools come from Shutterstock? Is everyone in Trump cabinet a fraud?
Yes.
Hmmm....Betsy.
What are you talking about Betsy?  The pic on the left is in b&w and there is a male teacher.  In the other picture, everyone has their hands up and it's in color.  Looks like someone needs to visit a 2nd grade classroom to learn about comparing & contrasting. #GettingTiredOfThis
Actually, your stock photos looks unfamiliar. In my classroom, and many others (that you probably don’t know about) students are the agents of their own learning and often are the ones up in front of the class teaching and learning with each other.
I cannot fathom your thinking behind this tweet and I am still perplexed over the fact that you left it up. You clearly need to visit more classrooms if you believe this is reality! #OpenInvite
It ABSOLUTELY DOES NOT!  Shame on you @BetsyDeVosED for not knowing what a real public school classroom looks like!  We spend our hard earned money and countless hours off the clock to prepare our classrooms and lessons to look the complete opposite of your fake picture.
Great. So she's going to give money to schools to modernize?
That proves that you have never been inside a public school. Where did you download those pics from? Do you have copyrights on those images or should we invoke DMCA?
Do you rely on staged photos because no one will let you in a real classroom because of the harm you cause our nation's children?

Yeah that's funny cuz my 4th grade public- school educated son is better at PowerPoint than most adults I work with. Hes also proficient in math concepts I, with a private-school education, had never even heard of until junior high. #BetsyGetsAnF
So,  rather than kids sitting in rows being told to shut up in public  classrooms (which is so rare now - my son graduated IB in 2017), you'd rather encourage them to sit in rows being told to shut up in publicly funded  *Christian* school classrooms. No thanks.
@Eric_Canute
You have absolutely no clue what a classroom is like... please come to Oregon... I’ll welcome you to see a productive 4th grade classroom...
This is my classroom... a lot has changed! 
I have been substitute teaching in the county U grew up in for 3 years. I am now an EBD paraprofessional. I've subbed at over 60 schools in the county and attended 4 schools myself. No classroom looks like that. Here's an idea - actually go to a school and look around.
*I not U
To make a blanket statement regarding classroms in America is so narrow minded and short sighted. This is not what education looks like in every classroom. To assume so is sheer ignorance.
This is learning. This is what we do. #thisnow.
Where did you get your degree in teaching??  What studies are you basing your opinions on??
I’d say you should come to my school and see how we teach, but I don’t want you anywhere near our children.
No worries about that! Betsy DeVos visiting a school does not mean that she interacts with students.
Don’t you know that stock photos aren’t real? How many classrooms have you visited in the past year? Classrooms don’t look like that anymore. Students don’t work like that anymore. I would think that as Sec of Edu you would be celebrating us, not putting us down. #Bye
Thank you Ms. Hurtado for standing up to devilish deVos. But more for pouring out your life to our American and global future. All children deserve a great education and their teachers all of our support.
Love it! Devilish Devos!!
And how are you making it better? By arming teachers against grizzly bears?
Wow, you are completely out of touch with reality! Ever heard of cooperative education? Or standing desks in schools? Because my place of work has those things and more #stoptheliesaboutpubliceducation
This is completely inaccurate!!! My students sit anywhere in the classroom, and choose to work on their laptop or paper, in cooperative groups, individual, or with the teacher. All while listening and speaking. YOU need to walk in a 2018 classroom!
Here is what #myclassroom looks like. I work hard to infuse #thefourCs into #makerED projects. Come out to @VancouverSD and visit the #awesomeOgden makerspace.
So Betsy is right essentially? She's wrong about what the classrooms look like but right that they SHOULD look like?

Hopefully teachers who know this pedagogy is built on myths about learning can stop being called right wing now that you all agree with the Trump administration.
Not many minority children in either class. That's interesting. 
This is what learning looks like. Look at that celebration! #thisisnow
Apparently you continue to not get invited into schools that don't confirm your pre-existing beliefs.
Sad that this is your perception of our lively, interactive and innovative classrooms. Abandon your billionaire bubble, Betsy. #alliteration
Hmmm... Does this outdated stock photo look familiar? How about we move beyond spreading false information about public school teachers. Real classrooms today look nothing like this. #noclue
Betsy, 

You need to visit more public schools. You are stereotyping and out of touch. There is enormous variety in our classrooms, except for the standardized factory-style tests that Congress mandates.
 Truth
No. It doesn't look familiar. THIS is what public school looks like.
And it sometimes looks like THIS.
Oh and it also looks like THIS
NONE of these pictures are from special days. These are everyday occurrences where public school kids embrace their passions through apps (thx @Seesaw) and in the science lab and nose deep in books. Maybe you could come visit us in TX and see.
And here's one more for good measure... This is when we built the Mission de Valero/the Alamo out of desks and reenacted the final siege. Rows and lectures are NOT the norm in public school.
Awesome! Thank you and every teacher who is making a difference. We have a nation full of amazing teachers!
Yes! It's so true it gets a @prattprattpratt GIF.
My kids sit wherever they want, work however they want, complete assignments how they want. I’ve never told them to sit down and to not talk! Accuracy is important, but you need to GET IN A CLASSROOM!! And LISTEN to these TEACHERS!
I cannot believe you are in your position and are so out of touch with what happens in a classroom. It looks nothing like your stock photo. It’s so obvious that you are not a teacher. Disgraceful!
Sweet Jebus, have you ever even been in a public school?
I am a public school teacher of 26 years. When I couldn't find an engaging textbook, I wrote my own 3 novel series of time travel to bring history alive for my kids. They don't read it sitting in rows either.
Those stock photos don’t look familiar at all... this does.  Get inside a real public education classroom, @BetsyDeVosED

Did you purchase that photo on shutterstock? You know those are staged, right?
@BetsyDeVosED You are completely unqualified for your position. You should resign. Please stop #iveseenchildrenwithmoretactthanyou
This is NOT what my classroom looks like! I can say the same for most of the classrooms I've seen today in America!! Once again you are trying to make our education system and teachers look bad to promote your agenda!
No, it doesn’t look familiar and I’m in a school everyday. This is so offensive from our Education Secretary. What was your purpose for this?
I would love to see her reply to your question!
@rgrahamalI would also Iike to see @BetsyDeVossED reply to this!
I'm guessing her purpose was to offend public education,
Nope. Maybe you haven't been in a classroom in a while but it's not how things look @CreativeCityPCS or in most @BaltCitySchools #projectbasedlearning
Classes didn’t look like that anymore by the time I was in high school and that was 30 years ago! Have you ever been in a classroom? Have you not even visited a school since being given that undeserved title?
Nope. Not familiar. Just this week we developed lemonade stand business plans and mastered our understanding of mixtures and solutions by making lemonade. All while working outside or in a transformed classroom. 

#takeacloserlook
Omg! Sounds like such an awesome week.
Students leading and tutoring students. #musiceducation #teamwork #teachingarts
Cite your sources. And maybe visit a real classroom?
Googled "classroom pic" & look what I found @shutterstock.com! (#propercite) Doesn't look like my school where this week you could have seen 4th-grade students writing, acting in, and producing iMovies 2 demonstrate understanding of inference. #doesntlookatalllikepicture #SXSWEDU
Wow, just wow.

You. Have. No. Clue.
Who hoo that's my baby girl! #liveintherealworldbetsy
Not my classroom!!!!
Based in the responses, I don't think you should tweet anymore. Stop copying your boss or just hire a lawyer to tweet for you.
Ms. @BetsyDeVos , you do realize the term “blackboard” is outdated, as the lead of the nation’s education?
Well, she's trying hard to sell her " whiteboard"
Right?
Things will be SO much better when you’ve privatized all education and forced everyone’s children to be taught by your creepy religion. 
Btw, can’t wait until your brother, the murderer, is in prison. Tick tock, Betsy
You are invited to come to my room- to come to my school and see what you tweeted is completely untrue and a blatant lie!!  I challenge you to come here.
Your argument might be better founded if you spent less time on Shutterstock looking for photos like these and more time in schools. One of your predecessors visited mine.
I can't tell you how glad I am that you're American....and I'm not.
I have not heard one educated word or phrase come out of your mouth. You’re all rhetoric just like @realDonaldTrump who let you pay for your position. Instead of trying to harm public schools, you are in the position to make sure schools and children get the support they need.
Actually, it does not look familiar.  As a veteran of 39 years in the classroom in the rural state of Maine, I am ashamed that you would portray the American classroom defamatory way.  Get out and look. Check out our district website at Mount Desert Island Regional School System.
Stock photos, much?
My classroom looks NOTHING like that, and neither does any of my colleagues OR my children’s classrooms in middle or high school.
Not at all!  Looks like you need to educate yourself on the modern public school classroom!  Pic- My class learning about economic systems.
Students in our public  school (STEAM/ #PBL ) actually research to support their claims. Do you? Your claim is false & insulting.  So much amazing, exciting, innovative teaching & learning happening in #publicschools 
@usedgov #teaching @WeTeachTacoma
Awesome tweet!!
Not in my classroom/lab. Just in one day students create age structure diagrams on desks and take Ecocolumns readings.
That is not a picture that represents any of the classrooms in my school. Students at SCE public school work in cooperative groups problem solving. Support Us Betsy, don't knock us down #supportpubliceducation
Hahaha I’m trying to respond in a professional manner to a very unprofessional and inaccurate portrayal of what I see @sunnyside_mps and every ND school. #NDProud
No it doesn’t!  I teach in a real school!
When just over 1/2 of all students have access to computers, when some classrooms still have chalkboards and others have smart boards but are rarely used, then yes we haven't advanced the the divide between the haves and have nots begins in our k-12 centers. We can do better!
We can always do better.
Nope. Not what classrooms look like at all. You are nearly as fine an example of how inherited wealth doesn’t correlate with brains as the rodeo clown who appointed you. Betsy and Donny = Blither and Blather.
Just stop. You have no qualifications to make any judgements on what works or doesn't work in education. Being a rich parent doesn't give you any special knowledge. You know WHO DOES have that knowledge? Teachers. Get a teaching degree then you can talk.
Incorrect.  Thanks for enlightening me on you, your position, and lack of knowledge concerning my schools.  Walk around, visit; like I did, you will see that classes are very different from when we went to school.
No, Betsy. This is what public schools look like. It looks like teachers busting their butts and personal bank accounts to provide valuable learning experiences and opportunities for children no matter their ability, family life, or socioeconomic status.
Not really...  Come visit my classroom anytime! This week in Intro to Ag, SS work on plant science labs at their own pace and use a variety of technologies while working in a classroom, laboratory, and greenhouse. 
Well said Mr. Hunter. Maybe she should leave her ivory tower and spend a day with you.
Hope she can visit soon! Would love to open our doors to anyone that wants to learn more.
Has anyone noticed Ms DeVos's cover photo? A room full of adults facing her at a podium? Does this look familiar?
It’s a shame that the secretary of education feels the need to use propaganda to support her arguments. Talk with educators that you don’t automatically agree with. Work with those who oppose you. Then we can make change.
#notmyclassroom! We are creating, exploring, sharing ideas, and having fun — All while practicing life skills, coping skills, and creative thinking. #publicschoolsweek #iteachart
I don’t know what public school classroom you are talking about! Maybe get out and visit more!
Out. Of. Touch.
This is not my class! This is also the kind of statement that my scholars come to know as being highly prejudicial as it applies one ideal to every situation. This is what you are doing. My scholars would see through this in a second. Look for what works and give it honor.
Please post a picture from an actual public school classroom that you have walked into and seen what you posted. Your trashing of public education and the good people that bust their rear ends daily is not appreciated. #backupyourclaim #resign #gotoschools
We need money, we need the restrictions on standardized testing removed and curriculum to evolve. Look up @XQAmerica It's time for education to evolve to meet the future. Be a helper to this.
Lady ur crazy! Quiet.
Your picture doesn’t look familiar at all. Looks out of touch with realty. Our schools have lept into the industrial era. The funding? Not so much! We need a change! This is what Public Ed looks like. We  Public Ed! #thisisourchoice @ActonElementary
Where are these classrooms? I have taught in PS for 25 years and NEVER seen this. I fear for our children when as the head of Education you don’t know what you’re talking about. Grateful for all the teachers, parents, students and educational leaders who make a difference daily.
Don’t feel disheartened. Great teaching happens despite administrators’ efforts, not because of them.
As a mom who volunteers in the classroom alot I witness amazing next gen teaching and engaged students, you have no clue and your stock photo and actions really tell us so.
Well that escalated quickly
And eerily silent from Devos!  Certainly didn’t go as planned...
This is what my 5th grade public school classroom looks like. Flexible seating, floor plan designed by students, an engaged classroom is always buzzing. Welcome to public education in 2018. Would love to have you visit!
It also looks like this.
Considering you have little to no experience with public education, you can stop talking now. Completely unqualified for your jo, that’s you.
Shame on you, @BetsyDeVosED, for  attacking teachers with an OLD stock photo in a blanket statement that you have NO REAL DATA to support in an effort to undermine public education.  #thinkb4youtweet #itouchthefuturebecauseiteach #whatisyourcontribution?
Legos and #PassionProjects here at EES!  Come visit and see us in action! We sit in table groups, collaborate, read, think critically... 21st Century Skills in Action!
Oh hey. When was the last time you stepped foot in a school? This is my classroom. Looks a lot different? I paid for it. All of it. Take a look at that. #teacher
And mine.
I bought or scrounged for everything but the tables and computers. Even the chairs are mine.
Same! Only thing I didn’t buy are the desks and chairs. Even the bookshelves and filing cabinets I bought
You’re awesome and you’re students are lucky to have you. I mean that!  I got into teaching late and had NO clue! It makes me realize that ANYONE who hasn’t taught in a k-12 classroom for more than a year hasn’t any idea what we do.
Thank you!!! Same goes to you! 
@BetsyDeVosED: you should be ashamed for taking a job you are obviously so grossly under-qualified for. Posting things on Twitter that are nothing short of propoganda will not help your cause. Please resign. And if you won’t: please visit a real classroom and do real work.
No actually it doesn’t look familiar. In @FortBendISD our teachers innovate & create flexible environments to inspire students everyday. Wish you could have attended our interview for @HEB outstanding district in TX. You might have learned what #publiceducation really looks like.
Change for change’s sake simply leads one in circles. There has been lots of experimentation in education. What has worked?
Before you implement a new program make sure you understand the #HawthornEffect and how the novelty factor makes every idea seem great when it is first introduced. Test ideas for sustainability and the ability to be duplicated.
#Lyin'DeVos

Your incompetence is superseded only by your ignorance!
You're so stupid. It hurts me that you have anything at all to do with education. Instead of using a stock photo as proof of poor pedagogy, why not ask teachers what they need? They know the answers. Ask them.
Yes, because stock photos are completely accurate descriptors....Seems like your concerns are actually with google images and not with our education system.
Doesn’t look familiar to me!! Come to Iowa. Come to Dallas Center-Grimes. Get  into the schools. We would love to show you what is really happening!
Have you ever been to a real school?
Wow you continue to prove that you have no idea about education. I have taught in public schools for 14 years and I have literally never seen a classroom that looks like this. How insulting to work so hard for so little and be continuously degraded by the Sec. of Ed.
Says the person who is mired in Bronze Age ignorance and has zero experience in education. No one wants you anywhere near our children's education, NO ONE.
You need to go.  Do you even know what you’re talking about!?!   OMG
Right..... #NotMyClassroom
I would invite you to visit our schools where innovation & instructional design rule. Your stock photo is an insult to all educators who work their hearts out to create inspiring environments & provide the best educational programs. Please inspire in your role, stop shaming.
You are correct. But charter schools are not the answer. 
And if you really want to help some schools, start with those on the military bases. Those schools go without  the extra funding many public schools get. You would be surprised at the reason. Could be fixed in short order.
Anyone with an eye would know that "now" photo is from about 20 years ago. No one wears their hair like that "now". Get a grip, Betsy.
Yep, @BetsyDeVosED, here's my class. In their desks. Raising their hands and waiting for me to fill their heads. Not!  Get out in the real world!
Awesome. The sad irony is that this is what she is asking for, she just doesn’t get it that we are already doing it.
You really need to buy yourself a clue and visit other schools not just the ones you only want to see...I stand with teachers and what you present is nothing like the norm
Hmm... This definitely looks like the industrial era to me!

When you taught, what did YOUR classroom look like?
#YoureNotAnEducator
I'm a twenty year veteran and this is not how my classroom looks. In fact, it looks nothing like the classrooms in my building or my personal children's. Have you heard of flexible seating Ms. DeVos? You are welcome in my building anytime- Silver Lake ES, GCISD, Texas.
Feel free to visit Mangum Elementary, an A+ school in NC. We have incredible classrooms that are responsive to individual student need. Sad, that the information you are sharing is negative about our schools. Come visit a wonderful public school!
You nailed it! Thank you for this tweet. I showed my class, and now my students think they’re living in the future! #BackToTheFuture4
I'd recommend you go visit some classrooms in our district  . . . as a parent, this isn't what I see.
No classroom looks like that Betsy. Blackboards? Don’t talk? No one has a “blackboard” and trust me they’re all talking.
Here are my Econ students prepping a stop motion video on economic systems for elementary social studies class... Swing by sometime Betsy! #OneRangerNation
Not even close! #getaclue #ILoveRockwallISD #utleylearns #Iteach
At least, there are no bears. Amiright?
You have no idea what great work is being done in our schools. Quit and concentrate on saving your criminal/traitorous brother.
not at my school...#outoftouchmuch
Your last sentence is an incomplete sentence. Perhaps a public school teacher would have been able to help you with that via one of the amazing apps & tools they use, as well as interactive small group activities. My 3rd grader would love to school you.
No clue!!!!
Actually, @BetsyDeVosED I bet most classrooms are NOT like that. Here are my ss learning oceanography at science camp. Get more informed before making blanket statements that characterize the career so many fight for every day.
Nah... Come see us. Any given day. #NCSD #DeafEd
As a 2x TOY and district finalist, I am offended. You obviously have no idea what wonderful things are happening in public school. The top leaders in today’s universities and cooperations are products of amazing teachers in public school.
Education is NOT betsy's "thing". She has no desire to learn the facts - it's a GOP way of life.
Building roller coasters learning about potential and kinetic energy!!
HAVE YOU EVEN REPLIED TO ANY OF THE HUNDREDS OF TEACHERS THAT CHALLENGED YOUR IGNORANT POST? Are you going to visit any of these classrooms? Are you going to apologize for insulting SO MANY hard working teachers?
Desks are only like that when we administer standardized tests because the testing minions require it. Get a clue, lady. #protectpublicschools #teacherproblems
Remember, you've not intentionally taken the time to go into classrooms and listen to the students and teachers. You should not even be the Education Secretary. You mistake us all for buying into your "ignore the man being the curtain" routine. We know that you lie!

you have literally never been inside a school, have you?
Yes education has changed, We need leaders that care enough to visit classrooms and teachers to see the amazing things that occur on a day to day basis.  It's time @BetsyDeVosED that you take some responsibility and visit schools.  Learn from the experts, those in the classroom!
@BetsyDeVosED please please visit Frederick County Middle School 4661 N Frederick Pike Winchester, VA 22603.  I can assure you education has moved into the 21st Century and beyond.  Scholars and teachers are doing amazing work in schools.
not in my district. we e moved far past that. don't generalize about what you don't know.
Or how about this?  This is familiar in our community. THIS is public education.
Lady, you would be funny, if it wasn't so dangerous for you to be in charge.  Stop trying to line your pockets, and the pockets of your friends, with charter school money.  Stop lining the GOPs pockets with bribe money to get your position.
You are in a position to make a difference and improve public education, instead you spread inaccuracy and denigrate the very institution you are in charge of improving.
Not MY school! Come check us out! @burkburnettisd
@BetsyDeVosED doesn’t look familiar... Here’s what learning looks like in my classroom (and every other classroom I see). Students teaching each other, hands on learning, etc.
You are invited to my school. Flexible seating, cooperative learning, movement, brain based learning, tiered reading and math groups. I could go on if you are interested in the truth.
A Skype call to another school, flexible seating, hardly like the photos you posted. Just another day in a classroom like countless others across the US.
This one is of a student who was elected leader of a class project delegating some responsibility to his peers. Not easy.
Not all of us teach like it’s 1918. Classrooms can by dynamic and engaging; and lessons can be relevant- but that takes energy, creativity and time to prepare. It also means teaching students, not just a subject. Teachers need freedom, not directives.
Did you even notice the picture you posted is all white people?
Are you suggesting that you’ve actually been inside a public school building?
No she hasn't.  Remember that one time she tried and they wouldn't let her past the front door. 
Just stop. My colorful room full of modern technology is typical of classrooms all over the US. We spend hundreds of dollars of our own money on them each year. I’m also blessed to have a PTA who gives us over $200 in reimbursements and books a year. #notmyclassroom
This is not the norm! I invited you to come to my 7th grade Social Studies class any day of the week. This just shows how disconnected and unqualified you really are!
Bless your little pea picking heart.  You need to get out into the real world. It’s called ‘alternative seating’, and it’s in public schools everywhere. We are more than stock photos.
Are you kidding me?!?! So embarrassing that you would say this because you are SO wrong! #bobo
No, no it does NOT look familiar. I invite you to come into the wonderful public school I teach at to ACTUALLY see students and teachers in action.
I'm always in awe of the high-quality work that goes on at your school. It's a wonderful place to be a kid!
My classroom is far from what you describe.  Students in my classroom sit where they’re comfortable and can be productive, while they collaborate with their peers.
And this is bad, why?
Doesn’t look familiar at all. My classroom looks like student led creating. This kindergartner is leading her class in a drum circle, where we make sure everyone gets to be heard. Do you hear the educators you’re supposed to be leading? #notmyclassroom
Not familiar to me! Would love for you to step in an actual classroom and see for yourself. Maybe this kindergsrten class can show you all of our flexible seating options and explain how sitting on the floor is their favorite!
This could not be farther from the truth. Considering you have spent 0% of your life in a public school and your own children have spent 0% of their life a public school you wouldn’t know that. This is insulting to teacher and students everywhere. You are so out of touch...
This is what my class looks like #ilovepublicschools #fifthgraderocks #repcarver
Here you see another row of students deep in their textbooks wishing for some hands on learning.
If that is what you see when you visit public schools you must be getting there in a time machine. We don’t teach like that. We teach like this... #morethanastockphoto
That's not what my daughter's class looks like in the excellent Beachwood Public Schools system. Instead of trying to make our schools worse, maybe you could find a job you are qualified for. Whatever that might be.
#nota1950'sclassroom
#you'reinvitedtoanactualpublicschoolclassrroom
is this a joke!? You literally have no clue what you’re talking about!!!
Your post infuriates me. This simplistic comparison has been on the Internet since Netscape was the dominant browser and does NOT represent today's innovative learning environments. To think it does is an insult to dedicated educators across this country.
I teach adults. That sit-down-and-listen method you think happens is a thing of the past. Here's my #ESL classroom: https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1911777812226814&id=135570006514279 …

You are so terribly misinformed. This is my classroom and it is very similar to my colleagues classrooms. Here are my kiddos learning about main idea.
#NotMyClassroom
Notice the glaring problem with this? The students are all white. Classrooms are vastly diverse now more than ever because that is a true representation of America.
Liars haven't changed either. At least we educators can recognize a stock photo.  Visit a public school.
I would really like to know what classroom you were in to get the last picture? You are missing some great things in public education.
How about using a real public education photo instead of a stock photo.  None of the public school classrooms look like that.
What a real class looks like.
