So, since your financing for profit agenda started, MI schools have declined the national average. See a trend there? Resign you hack!
She didn’t do anything to our public schools. They have stunk and been sliding for some time
Now a blocked bot.
Michaigan teachers disagree 
They spoke out aginst Devos confirmation
Michigan public school teachers in general are sub par.
Why is that?
All the ones I have experienced are and the districts do not care for the kids.  Especially if they have special ed issues.
And .....crickets.
You realize these charts show Michigan underperforming the national trend under your leadership? lmao
Not only underperforming, but declining in the last decade under DeVos supervision. #Michigan
It’s weird how she includes the years prior to her leadership in Michigan. Right when she took over, it started a steady decline
Too bad she doesn't know how to analyze data #resist #remove #VoteBlue2018
So after Michigan schools implemented your policies, they declined. That’s what you are saying with this. You are really, really not smart enough to run anything. I mean literally nothing.
Your extremism has invaded your soul.

Your influence in MI led to laws that allowed parents to remove children from underperforming, disadvantaged schools, taking their child's public funding w. them. That left poor districts even poorer. Flint & Detroit are ground zero.

Evil.
So parents should be forced to keep their kid in a crappy, failing school? We spend more on education than any other country and we're getting almost the worst results.
You are not "forced" to send them to public school. I support choice, however Charters are getting public funding without being held to the same testing standards to get said funding.
Your ignorance is astonishing. You should resign from this job that you are absolutely unqualified to do.
You are wholly unfit for your position. Please resign.
Thanks for sharing...your complete ineptitude on national television! Well done Boughtsy DeJob! Can’t wait for your brother to militarise our schools!
 Boughtsy DeJob 
DeJob lol
#BoughtsyDeJob dying 
On the bright side, you're demonstrating to students everywhere what a really significant ratio looks like.
Even someone who understands charts would be a step up.
In your home state. After *years* of you advocating for public $$ going to private schools. #fuckingmoron
We must rethink our Secretary of Education. Can’t you just buy yourself a seat somewhere  where you would do less damage.  You may be rich but you just aren’t smart enough or educated enough for this position. If you REALLY cared about kids, you would step aside.
You’re supposed to help the bad schools get better, not just let rich people get away from bad schools.
Dumb and dumber. Charter schools out perform public schools because they don't have unions protecting crappy teachers. They are not for the rich, they bring hope to poor people who know their kids need a real education.
Lady...you need to resign...my Lab  has more sense about schools than you.
Methinks your lab has more sense than you. He doesn't embarrass himself on Twitter.
As you clearly do....
I don't mind embarrassing myself in the cause of truth. When you are embarrassed in the cause of lying sacks of canine fecal matter as you are, that is a different story.
No I think we must rethink who the Secretary of Education is. You are not qualified for the job, you proved it last night on national television. Join the exodus, resign.
While this data doesn't bode well for your policies, I appreciate your transparency.
Looks an awful lot like Michigan's education started to suffer once your family gained power and started to wreck it...

Do they not teach students how to interpret graphs in the private schools you attended?
Damage control. Wow, you are really bad at this job, Betsy.
U R a moron. Your motives for taking money away from public education are suspect and specious.  You want the trillions that come from ed.
So this is your misplaced cheat sheet. Clearly your position could be better filled by someone who cares about all children from all walks of life. Open your blind eye! You’re taking more $ from those who need it most. Why do you want this position? Why?
Why indeed? Surely not from love of children.
so your solution in Michigan wasn't a solution at all, then? got it!
You are an unadulterated cruel mess seeking to destroy kids' futures purely for profit. Greedy and destructive! Blame @60Minutes all you want but you have consistently (many times) failed to articulate any valid reason for your destructive policies. The future will curse you!
That is great news for future generations. But what about the kids that are being failed by the education system TODAY??? How are they going to compete or succeed with these miserable numbers?
Do less
Are you not aware that these graphs show Michigan school performance went down and was worse than the national average?  If you are not, you should not be working on education. If you are, then why do you think what you did was good?
If scores have dropped and schools are worse it's because of your plan to take $ from public ed and funnel it into hokey religious charter schools.
Charter schools are not religious schools. Religious schools are normally private. Parents have more control at Charter schools. Too much Teachers Union propaganda.
I know that all charter schools aren’t religious but DeVos’s agenda is a Christian theocracy. She has said as much.
You need to read the article (15 year old story) very carefully. I do not disagree with her. Liberal schools, Marxism in the class and teachers furthering their own political agenda (either side) must be stopped. Baton twirling, cheerleading is not education. I could reform ED.
I couldn’t disagree more. She wants to destroy public education. And she is corrupt & wholly unqualified. A true kleptocracy, this Cabinet.
Your opinion!
You’ve been grossly unqualified since day one, but now you’ve embarrassed the big boss. My betting pool in on you being the next to have a going away party at TGI Friday’s.
So you're bragging that Michigan where you were directly involved is doing worse than the national average. RESIGN
Charter schools are not for profit Ignoranus.
Glad you choose to be a hemorrhoid. You get to hang out with the fecal matter. It's that "seeking your own level" thing.
I bet the intern that runs this account wants to die.
#freetheintern
Here is a chart showing the number of grizzly bear attacks at Michigan schools over the past decade. Equally as startling
So what you’re saying is Michigan is falling further behind in recent years?

You should resign.
Do you actually understand that these results are over a decade. @BetsyDeVosED  has been in office for a year. Which is 1/10 of a decade? Or is that beyond you?
Betsy Devos WANTS TO END THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS SYSTEM
IN ORDER TO MAKE MONEY FROM PRIVATE SCHOOLS
Lol this just shows a steady decline against national trends in test scores after your ally Gov Snyder took over. Could you be more dumb?
Okay great! You're worried about the nay sayers. So what will you do for the underperforming schools?
She wouldn’t know since she still hasn’t seen one. Even though that is literally her job.
She literally said she hasn't "intentionally" seen one. Does that mean she's "deliberately" avoided the under-performers? It has been over a year @BetsyDeVosED  So why is that?

#DrainTheSwamp
Yes, I would guess she has deliberately avoided them. My hunch. She doesn’t appear interested in saving the failing schools but propping up the charters, etc. In our town there has been choice but poor ‘choose’ schools by proximity rather than quality. Same elsewhere?
Probably. I don't have kid, but do know that taking money away from poorly functioning ones only make things worse for them. Guess the rich folk, figuring easier to manipulate ignorant folks, trying increase number of poorly educated. Why let poor learn to read Bill of Rights?
The average teacher can't read the Bill of Rights. Or make change. Oh, there are good ones but they have to buck the system of Union garbage. They get tired of it.
Not aware teachers being told not 2read that in class. Not willing 2 believe it Was referring to fact students not being taught cursive anymore. We may not write like that anymore, but still important to be able to literally read original hand written text of Founding Documents.
You had every chance to "share", yet you were incapable. Congrats!
Sis you were a MESS and all the infographics in the world couldn't have saved you. I was writing essays in 6th-grade english class about you and your family's attempts to weasel your way into the Michigan government. Your scams might be new to some, but not to many of us.
You do NOT belong in childhood education.  You have NEVER advocated for ALL children.  Pathetic.
Jesus Betsy EVERY SINGLE WORD YOU TYPE further cements your rep as one of the stupidest people in the solar system. DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT. RESIGN. GO TO WORK FOR YOUR HITMAN BRO Erik Prince.
We MUST rethink our Secretary of Education. She isn’t doing well, seems very unqualified and very clueless. Americans who care about kids need a much better option!
We also need to rethink the senators who blindly voted for her despite overwhelming evidence that she was singularly unqualified and actively worked against public schools in the private sector. They must be held accountable for their own incompetence. @SenSasse @SenatorFischer
So true. I doubt either of them will buck their party, despite Sasse’s anti-Trump squeaks. Both just do what the GOP wants.
Exactly
You are to the DoE what DDT was to the environment.
That's unfair. DDT can at least be safe and useful in small controlled doses.
HAHAHA, solid point. I meant applied broadly across the country.
Reading charts is a pretty important skill for students to have. You should look into it.
Mueller is coming for your Brother Darling. Perhaps you as well.....
This is one of those awkward moments where I'm forcing myself to believe that you can't be this dense. It's worse if you're this dense. Please don't be this dense.
YOU need to rethink YOUR approach. Fully fund neighborhood schools, which will reverse the flight of students to private and wealthy suburban public schools. Your approach is bass-ackwards and counterproductive.
As an elementary school teacher for 20 years in a Title 1 school, I can promise you that despite your appalling ignorance, my colleagues and I are still working like hell every day to teach kids. 

Long after you’re no longer in power, we’ll still be here, doing our jobs.
Good for you!  Keep up the good work!!
When you told @60Minutes that you had not "intentionally" visited a low-performing public school, you lost all credibility with me. A true educational leader would have focused on those schools first. Perhaps the students and parents in those schools are not "your kind" of folks
So you went home and did homework.  Gold star for you.
Vouchers and school choice.  The government monopoly on education isn't working.
HOW ON EARTH are you responsible for Education in the US...
Helping students leave the public school system doesn't help the public school system add in fact would crush it. You'll be allowing failure in that system to push your agenda... you are the epitome of evil, using school children to help your friends make money in a new sector.
I cannot believe you are this dumb! Every student that leaves PS System leaves money behind and takes away 1 student. The school has more money to handle less students. A plus, right?  Charter schools do more with less. PS does less with more.
The administration is also taking money away from public schooling. It's thing to cripple the PS system... they already are strapped for cash and many larger systems have closed schools and consolidated sure to lack of funds...DeVos and her supporters are idiots.
Your willful obtuseness is folly as education policy. Your metrics fail to support your argument to divert federal funds from public education to alternatives. The performance of Michigan’s charter/non-traditional models are as woefully marginal as its public schools.
With your governor and your policies Michigan started to fall behind. You are the ultimate swamp thing. 
Oh so you've actually been an abysmal failure when it comes to education policy for a while now.
If they showed this it would have further proved that you are not fit to lead a dog on a leash let alone the education system. You have to go before God on your judgment day &tell him why you abandoned millions of kids in the name of your own ego. #badbetsy
It doesn't matter what they didn’t show, you were stunned and clueless.

You should leave the disingenuous obfuscation, aka lying, to the paid professional sociopathic liars in Conservative media like Fox, the Bernie Madoff of media, News.
Your policies will keep America dumb, therefore Republican voters.. I see what you're doing..
And yet, after more than a year, you haven't bothered to visit even ONE low-performing school???? As a former teacher, I'm am disgusted. I agree we must rethink our approach and a good place to start would be with your resignation. You're embarrassingly ignorant about education.
Don’t blame 60 minutes for your lack of prep. They aren’t fox state run media and will not throw you a life line. Signed a #schoolchoice Mom.
How is this my fault??
You embarrassed yourself on national television, Ms. DeVos. You are flagrantly unquantified, and your small-minded ideas are jeopardizing the future of this country.
Those two charts show that Michigan is performing below the national average.
You must rethink what you did in Michigan. Privatization does not work. It destroys school systems and dissolves democracy. You won't read this, but here's why:
Not being taken seriously Ineptsy Betsy? Not to worry; when you finally lose your job due to corruption & incompetence, you & your conman crook brother will always have your Russian Amway for $$$.
Hey by the way... whatever happened to the raid by the FSB on your Moscow offices for tax evasion July 2016? You know, the one that coincidentally occurred around the same time as juniors trump tower meeting, chump calling for Russians to find emails and wikileaks dumps?
Curious, hey, how nothing has been heard about it since? Such a coincidence!
watching your 60 minutes interview terrified me. The students of this country deserve better than you. If you feel like my assessment is wrong, well, I’m waiting for you to prove me wrong. You’re a travesty as far as I can tell.
This wasn't #60Minutes fault... you're not qualified, ma'am! You bought your way into government which means you STOLE a seat from a QUALIFIED  Sec of Ed!
Gee, they must have been too busy letting you dribble your incompetent, bigoted nonsense to let you get to this ignorant nonsense.
I asked my seven-year-old if she could please explain quantum physics. She started giving me the recipe for sugar cookies. That entire experience was more enlightening then your interview. 

You are so grossly unqualified for your position.
My wife & I are products of #PublicEducation 
We couldn’t be happier with the education our children receive @ghschools 
#Miched
Strangely enough, my public school and Department of Defense school education served me well too.
@BetsyDeVosED girl, that data is showing things aren't getting better under your leadership. Come to my classroom and let me show you how to read a graph. #mystudentscoulddobetter #makeacohesiveargument
@dehemann yes QUEEN!!!
Did you say this during the interview? You seemed unprepared. Was the 60 Minute interview a surprise? Like a pop quiz that you failed?
Come for the dismal interview performance. Stay for the abysmal education policies @BetsyDevosEd has put in place that harm students and benefit moneyed interests. http://time.com/5053007/betsy-devos-education-secretary-2017-controversies/ … 
Follow education reporters. She's far worse than what u saw on @60minutes
Betsy Devos @UsEdGov tells states to stop cracking down on problematic student loan debt collectors.
@BetsyDeVos had an interim Civil RIghts head who said 90% of campus sexual assaults were regrets after drunk hook ups.
Not surprisingly, Devos has been disastrous for student civil rights.
And there you sit in your ivory tower, not doing a SINGLE FUCKING THING to fix it, other than divert tax dollars to private schools. @3_wd_sg @MarshallFarts5 @acehanna54 @DeepStateFan @Ismellshitheads @TheButteryOne @monkey_lunatic @StefanNotSteven
She doesn't want to fix it. She wants to recruit the kids to Scamway. @evilzoraklives
Where are the bears in that chart?

Sorry.  The test was yesterday.  I am afraid you were not prepared.
Yes, and this is your fault. Which is probably why you had no idea what to say in that interview. I get the feeling that you didn't know that a cabinet position is a JOB.
I’m SERIOUSLY speechless. I have a BS degree from a State University. Good news, I ACTUALLY learned critical thinking skills, research methods, statistics, etc. CLEARLY YOU DID NOT. And, your running our education system? Your ideology is nonsense. #RESIGN
Holy shit, you're so bad at this LMAO! You're like the Mr. Bean of education.
Maybe the person who found these charts and typed this tweet should have done the 60 Minutes interview instead of you?
You louse up the system on purpose, then blame the system for being loused up. You are just lousy, all around. Money can obviously buy you a cabinet position, but it can't buy you credibility--let alone ability.
Mission accomplished! The trump administration with the DeVoses, Kochs, Mercers etc. are turning the US into a feudal system, and they will be the aristocracy.
How’d that work out for Marie Antoinette?
The entire point is that you have championed the policies that you want to see implemented nationwide in Michigan, so it obviously is not working. 

Oh, and sub-point? You should know this stuff off the top of your head. At best, you were woefully unprepared for that interview.
Do you actually believe you have any clue what you're doing? What exactly do you think these graphs represent? Have you any idea what the underlying data is? How do you make the leap from there to "options"? Please please stop before your damage is beyond repair.
Jesus Christ, take the L and move on, preferably to a place where no one has to listen to you
This is actually exactly what they said on @60Minutes.  You influenced education policy in Michigan and the schools are crap.  Even with hours to answer the question you still can't get the right answer.  How did you graduate from any school??
Huh? I can't make head-nor-tails of this tweet! So Michigan is not doing well. And? You as Education Secretary just realized this? Oh I forgot! You're the one that believes guns in schools are protection against grizzly bears! That explains it all.
Unless you yourself dont understand math or cant read...your own graphs you just shared show that test scores for students in your home state DECLINED after your policies were instituted. Theres no other conclusion here so what are you talking about?!
So... Michigan had been meeting and exceeding National standards but stopped meeting those standards under your direction?

Thanks for the honesty...I guess...
These charts show Michigan underperforming...on your watch.
They were actually performing slightly above average...until you took over.
Ma’am, I don’t know if you noticed, but things in Michigan got *worse* under your policies. So you’re not actually making a compelling case for the rest of us to buy what you’re selling.
Your policies have tanked MI public schools. Numerous independent research studies have demonstrated that. If you had taken an educational research class, perhaps you could understand the statistics.
What Michigan children need is fully funded public schools. And clean water.
Everyone needs to understand that DeVos has been using her wealth and influence to ruin Michigan public schools for the past decade, long before she got to Washington. So all this does is chart her failure.
So it looks like your “school choice” scam isn’t improving things in Michigan.  Perhaps it’s time to end this experiment.
Literally no one believes you
tsk tsk. Oh Betsy, go back to school and learn something before you start recommending your own disastrous approaches to public education. PUBLIC not private, dear.
So Michigan is worse than everywhere else for as long as you’ve had any influence. Cool.
Weird, Michigan went from being ahead of the national average to being behind it around the same time you got involved in educational reform
Nice try
You’re an embarrassment. Unqualified and thinking you’re deserving of a position due to your financial status. My kids education is worth more than your need to be seen.
So with this tweet being published, can you offer us any SOLUTIONS, like a qualified leader should?  I grew up in Michigan (Upper Peninsula), and the quality of education was quite sub-par, but nowhere near the levels in Detroit, or other states.  We don't need your reiteration.
What you shared with 60 Minutes is proof that you are unqualified to do ANY job.
“Here’s what my aides are scrambling to throw at the wall to cover for my shamefully embarrassing myself on national television.”
Even if we believed you, this doesn’t help your case. It’s makes us wonder how you got this job in the first place.
Here's a thought:  drop the testing!  It's doing NOTHING for our kids.  One test does not show progress.  Come sit in my room every day if you don't think I'm not working my tail off to ensure these kids are successful in the real world.
Sweetheart, students need education, a good meal, qualified teachers, and love. They don’t need you to take away their resources for your own for profit charter schools. You are in this to make yourself money. You are in this to make yourself money.
Stop treating my country like an Amway scheme! Go back to scamming unsuspecting adults who can, at least, tell you to flit off. #AmwayBetsy
Betsy, the decline in school performance is directly tied to the imposition of the policies you advocate. Seriously, go see a doctor. Much of this memory loss can be treated. Seek help.
Let’s start by getting a secretary of education who knows something about public schools
#STFU #Fraud #THIEF #Resign! #TheResistance
stop being bad
Oh, your own words from your own mouth were more than enough to dig your own political grave. Don't you worry!

Betsy, the interview sucked.  Your inexperience is troubling and if you really care, resign so you can be replaced by someone who knows what SHE is doing.
So much easier to say stuff when you’re not being asked those annoying questions. Too bad your pretty charts don’t support your claims. Thanks for destroying Michigan schools.
If you could just admit that you don’t have a clue, we could get to the business of real reform that benefits students.
So instead of cutting funding... how about coming up with a plan to help those underachieving schools.  Cutting funding does not help make things at those schools get better... it will only make it worse.  Find out what is causing those issues and help come up with a solution!!!!
Lady, you are a fool. You were unable to answer basic questions. You are incompetent. Our children deserve better than you at the helm. You destroyed public schools in your own state. You should resign. You only got the job because of money & your brother's Seychelles trip.
It’s disturbing how unqualified you are for the position of Secy of Education. Your ignorance was on full display in the 60 Minutes interview. It is blatant that your goal is to destroy public education and to privatize the schools for profit. This is outrageous. Resign now.
@60Minutes uh, schooled you, eh? Didn’t seem that hard.

Oh, and these charts are priceless, showing you and your policies are demonstrably (someone will help you with that word) damaging.

Do everyone a favor and resign.
Like what? Destroy all public institutions and privatize privatize privatize? That is what you're trying to peddle....poorly. You're interview was abysmal as expected. You are truly clueless. Resign! I don't need to rethink that!
Betsy, at no point in your rambling, incoherent responses were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in the country is now dumber for having seen it. You also get no points for this idiotic post, and may God have mercy on your soul.

Get rid of common core
States must participate in eliminating Common Core. It's dead on the Federal Level. Petition your state directly.
Betsy needs a Billy Madison - start in kindergarten - televise the whole thing
Whaddaya mean "of course?" You weren't blindsided or hoodwinked by anyone and you had plenty of time to prepare. You're just not prepared in any way, shape or form to be the Sec'y of Education. You're an ideologue without the skills to carry out your vision. That's on you.
it's almost like she isn't smart enough to do an interview about 
HER
OWN
DAMNED
JOB ! ! !
What do you not understand about your state performing more poorly after you took funds away from public education? Give public schools what they need to help schools succeed! Start today! We can’t wait!
You gave them many options (read:terrible charter schools) and you failed miserably.
@BetsyDeVosED #CommonCore
Bless your heart. Just keep smiling. It will make all the problems go away, right?
Since you're U.S. Secretary of Education just what are YOU doing to help those kids who are NOT in a charter school? Aren't YOU supposed to be helping those schools too?!?! Or are they the ones you care less about? You know those schools you've never been to...
You realize this chart shows your state of Michigan doing below the the National Average, specifically declining after you made changes there. As a teacher myself, I can fairly safely say I speak for most when I say you need to Remove yourself and your ideas from education.
Well, you had the opportunity to show us when you were asked, yet you bumbled that opportunity. I guess money can't buy competence. Hey, at least you were bubbly and confident!
You need to rethink exhaling everytime you inhale, Betsy
Only further proves you’re completely unfit. Resign.
Here's what 60 minutes DID show us. Your policies were implemented in Michigan and failed miserably. You have no idea what schools need and you don't care. You are unqualified for the job you were appointed to do.
DeVos is another example of the systematic destruction of our Democratic values. Clearly our schools can do a better job. Let's give them the financial support they need.
By rethink, I hope you mean rethinking the constantly voted-for cuts to funding public education... Besides NRA funded training
I’m shocked someone as dumb as you is supposed to be in charge of education. The whole POINT of the interview was about the poor state of Michigan’s schools. These graphs prove it. Your JOB is to explain how they’ll get better. Deductive reasoning you get an F.
Too late to try and sound half-way intelligent on the subject.  Way to go “Betsy Bag of Hammers”.
Here’s what we shared with @60Minutes, which of course they didn’t show you: Michigan, like much of the nation, isn’t doing well enough to prepare students. Scores are stagnant. Corporations need opportunities to profit from the systemic doubt my colleagues and I put in place!
This is about being prepared @BetsyDeVosED. Why didn't you do your homework ahead of time? You knew that a trained interviewer would ask you these types of questions. When I go to conferences I prepare by reading about the speakers and reading the required books. #really
The must not have shown any parts of your interview where you sounded knowledgeable, dedicated to bettering our schools, or like you are aware of what your job entails either.
Your approach as Secretary of Education is stagnant...
Stop fixating on your foundation and visit some schools who need support and leadership from our “lead educator.”
You are in this for the grift, Hurt students with your student loan collection company. Funnel federal money to for profit charter schools. You work 2.5 days a week. I am thankful my school district ignores you and your policies. YOU ARE A DISGRACE to our kids. #Resign
May be you should resign!!
You're just terrible. 

.@BetsyDeVosED
Stupidity has no limits with this one.
Take it easy you guys she just realized on 60 minutes last night that school institutions are comprised of a lot of kids”
Why would you not know your own facts and be able to debate them before being interviewed. Obviously you did not do your homework. Please be better than this, our children are depending on you.
How are you qualified for this job again?
No, we should remove unqualified rich people from positions of power, where they are playing with peoples lives.
Why would you tweet this chart? You look terrible since your takeover of your state made it go downhill with their scores.
Resign. You are harmful to children
You flat out said “I don’t know”. You couldn’t answer simple questions. You were unprepared and exposed as the fraud you are.
It's like you just got the answers to the "test questions" You didn't prepare, you appeared clueless. Public school taught me how to study and ace my tests. #BetsyDeWhat #DoYourHomework
I'm confused.
How are the grizzlies causing such low scores?
How would this graph have helped your argument if they showed it on TV?

Trump Admin Approval ratings are stagnant.
We The People need more options. And we must rethink our approach to electing qualified candidates.
Oh come on...face the facts. The fact is you have no right being in this position. You are in over your head. Just resign & give our kids a better chance.
So rethink our approach to education eh? How about you resign and let an actual school administrator show you how to do your job better? I say it’s a fair trade off.
Could you please just admit you aren't qualified for this job, and leave? That way, you might be able to preserve a teeny weeny weeny shred of whatever dignity is left to you
Resign...actually, you should be fired. If I’d teach or manage  student data the way you manage the DoE, I’d be fired on the spot!
You are an uneducated, living in a bubble with no brains with which to operate, idiot.  If you had a shred of decency, you would resign. You are thoroughly unfit for any job concerning education since you seem not to have any. Resign.
I want to prepare my students everyday, but they don’t always want to be prepared. Can students accept some blame for declining scores also? Just a thought.
Because there is no funding
I watched the 60 Minutes interview- not sure you should be lecturing anyone on how to properly “prepare” for something.

You are a painful reminder that positions in this administration can be bought. Please quit and go back to lunching at the country club.
Wow. You really aren’t smart at all. We knew that before your 60 Minutes fiasco. You don’t need to continually reinforce it for us.
Public Schools need more support, not for profit charter schools!
Here's a thought invest money and help  these public schools instead of taking away from them. Schools need resources and funding not testing and scrutiny
So "out of the box thinker" Betsy uses test scores as a measure of proof that we need to rethink education?
You’re a bone head. We can all read the chart. Makes it pretty clear that you failed Michigan students under your watch. Sad
Smiling your way through your ignorant answers doesn’t distract us. 
This makes me crazy. Your charter school agenda has destroyed public education in Michigan. You did it! And then when questioned about it you say we aren’t doing enough. It’s like a serial arsonist claiming we aren’t doing enough to prevent fires.
We must rethink our approach to picking Cabinet Secretaries since you somehow was appointed Secretary of Education with no qualifications.
Betsy DeVos' defense of her charter school policies in Michigan is that Michigan "isn't doing well enough to prepare students.  Scores are stagnant", and that Michigan kids have been doing worse than the rest of the country. Nice #OwnGoal, @BetsyDeVosED
Just how much DID you pay to get your job?
#BetseyDevos "The Charts Show #Michigan’s Schools Used To Be Near Average In Both Reading & Math -But More [Recently] After DeVos’s Allies Took Over State Government, National Scores On Both Reading & Math Tests Started To Stagnate While Michigan’s Scores FELL" @CNN @MSNBC @WSJ
Betsy DeVoid,  

You know what MI students need first and foremost, 
CLEAN DRINKING WATER!
More @GOP lies @realDonaldTrump @RogerMarshallMD @SenPatRoberts @JerryMoran
They also forgot to show us the videos of families of children left behind in your stripped down, fundless public schools, and the downward spiral of test scores statewide, all since your takeover of education there.
It’s not 60 Minutes’ fault you spoke like a moron.
Are you high? What point are you trying to make? That you are literally the worst person for your job? Thanks for providing proof of your ineptitude. Resign, please. Never come back.
60 minutes, Great interview with a totally unprepared and unsuitable secretary of education. Shameful and embarassing madam secretary.
I wouldn't buy amway soap from you.
this was literally mentioned in 60 minutes...Michigan underperforming, despite choice schools. Choice schools aren't working in Michigan, as your data clearly shows. Not sure if you understood what you tweeted lol (what a surprise, given this administration).
What @60Minutes didn’t show was a Sec. of Education with an appreciable grasp of the concerns facing our children and their schools today.

What they did show was a dangerous zealot “committed” to tearing down the division between church and state... which is unconstitutional.
So... your defense for your crappy showing last night is that the state where you had the greatest influence prior to becoming EdSec, which has been ruled by your party since 2010, also has a failing education system thanks to your influence?
You should rethink your career choice.
just take the L
Thank you for taking reform seriously.
Aaron, these stats are after Snyder (key ally of Betsy) took Gov office and implemented the very policy changes she is advocating. These stats are her’s to own. This is not serious reform. This is skimming federal tax dollars off the top with no accountability.
I see your point.  I still maintain, however, that it is ridiculous to expect every incoming class of students to outperform the last class. I support the privatization of education in our country as a matter of fiscal responsibility for the same reason that you cite.
I agree with you about this: "it is ridiculous to expect every incoming class of students to outperform the last class" This mentality was codified with No Child Left Behind. It has ensured that public schools continue to appear to fail when in reality, they are not.
