
Providing free education is one of our nation's greatest achievements.
There's a difference between providing and controlling.
God Bless our #Veterans, but for Christ's sake when will you

1) End #CommonCore
2) Stop the teaching of Islam
3) Revoke tenure to underperforming teachers and administrators
4) Allot federal funding to districts in peril
5) End @PPact Sex Education
6) End Liberal Indoctrinations
Communism Core
Thank you.
Too much #hypocrisy !!  Need to reconnect to the basic building blocks for exploration & discovery & new lifeforms too bizarre & “weird” to put a name on [yet] • this conx to #ONE #word has helped & I never forget • https://youtu.be/yxtKehB_j9I  • https://youtu.be/0MJUcn1s4SQ  • #space
We want the perverted  teachers OUT.
They have adopted Muslim teachings.
#MuslimSavages
Please end sex ed.  It's done so much harm.  This is gov t child abuse.   It is pushing delinquency  and deprives children of natural development.
God Bless you Betsy......this will help alot of Vets.
while your at it .The educational system is in need of an overhaul .Children need to be educated not indoctrinated or taught how to hate
What happened to the Commitment 2 Voc-Tech HS expansion*Our kids need 2 Graduate with Diplomas AND Paychecks=Protect 1/2 Educated Idiots who drop out of College*
When are we gonna end common core in our schools as was promised???????????
It is really too bad that many who complain about private school families don’t understand that we not only pay our own way form our kids, we also continue to pay our real estate taxes for their kids while at the same time taking the burden away from those schools.
Attorneys general sue DeVos over delay of rule to protect students from predatory colleges
Once again, @BetsyDeVosED put interests of for-profit career education programs ahead of hardworking students.
Trump administration picks former official at for-profit DeVry University to head student aid enforcement unit -
Company with DeVos ties awarded Education Dept debt-collection contract: report | TheHill
Company with DeVos ties awarded Education Dept debt-collection contract: report | TheHill
I'm sure disabled Vets don't appreciate this either...

DeVos rescinds 72 guidance documents outlining rights for disabled students - The Washington Post
Why don't you start working for our children and stop the liberal indoctrination at our public schools.  Keep the liberal Sex education by the baby murdering company Planned Parenthood out.
I'm a veteran....
Why do Veterans have student loans? Unfortunate.
You bought your job. You know NOTHING about education.
Monica.....you a union person?  Bet you are.
I'm not a union member and I can say definitively that @BetsyDeVosED is unqualified for her position.   #UnfitForOffice  #Unqualified  #FireBetsy
Where are the charter schools?????????
Thought you left the country Betsy, It I important to remove the disgraceful liberal indoctrination on our youth. just saying for millions of Americans.
THANK YOU!!!!!

@BetsyDeVosED ever hear of the G.I. bill? It's exists. Your trying to do minimum just to make it look like you are actually doing something while not actually doing anything.
You are an embarrassment
Credit where credit is due. This is a great start, however wouldn't it be easier to just cancel their debt and send them the good news since you're already identifying who qualifies anyways? Wouldn't that save time, money, and the potential hassle of the application process?
I demand that you pull all Federal Funding of @Fresno_State until the revolting progressive land whale known as @randajarrar is FIRED.
A big part of DeVos's plan to destroy public education is to facilitate school shootings by funding the politicians who protect the NRA.
Using your company so you make money.
no veterans should have student loans
Betsy, like you care for someone but you
You could start by keeping #22ADay from committing suicide so they can live long enough to go back to school.
Your brother is going to jail.
Why do you keep jabbering like this? Or is this busy work for an intern? You are overmatched. Resign now.
Yo .....didn't know you ere so smart.
Why are you still around????
To keep an eye on sixth grade music teachers.....
Thank you! If anyone deserves these brave heroes certainly do. They gave their all for each of us and our Nation, we owe them our everything! GOD Bless our Veterans!
The best you can do is resign.  I would applaud it.
Now help their children. Resign now!
Man who could argue with helping the vets. You got me Bets. But maybe take a look at that student loan bubble that’s about to burst for all of our students that borrowed.
And, what about public servants who defend the health and potential of our citizens, nurses and teachers?

Oh and also this article @YouthRights
Discriminating DeVos needs to resign!
Nicole Gust 1-765-669-2153 and Dr Wayne McBride Medical Director at the Fort Wayne VA 1-260-460-1310 are lying pieces of shit. Call them. #DCDONALD always divides be careful how you let him. What about Twitter?
EAD!!!

Defund #PlannedParenthood there's 500 mil wasted killing babies.  How's that?
Meanwhile, what are you doing for PK-12 schools?
School choice sweetheart.....
We need to always support our vets.  The best way is to not send them to needles and endless wars.
Oh my. You need to leave Betsy!!  H E L P - O U R - K I D S !! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump needs to replace you!!!  You’re horrible at this job!!
You do know that there are millions of children in our public schools who would really appreciate this kind of interest in their education from you, right?
So true.
Oh hush up and pay attention u2! Betsy DeVos is busy correcting our failed public schools.
@10thCrusader Yes ! 
Eeeewwww. Just go away.
Y’all should just forgive all the student loans. Think about it.
Why should the govt steal my money to pay for someone to go to college?  Why is tuition so expensive?  Ask the teachers union.

Nothing you do is proactive. Go buy an island and never come back.
