I think you have it backwards, they don't teach enough in schools, especially in the area of US History.  Too much is kept from children.
HOW
You said it PARENTS and TEACHERS not computer screens and algorithms #STOPFEDED #REPEALESSA #RESTOREFERPA #SAVEOURSCHOOLS @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
VETO THIS HORRIBLE OMNIBUS BILL PLEASE MR PRESIDENT. #MAGA
You are looney tunes! You think you know the needs of the individual students.  You know nothing!  Please stop pretending that you do.
Every time she opens her mouth I see birds flying around her head.  So totally out of touch with what children and teachers need
Where is this money going? How is it going to benefit students and teachers?
No money for private schools
Prove it!
That power was never taken away.
........ 2018. U.S. Parents Involved in Education (USPIE) is working to inform the South Carolina Senate Education Committee on the pitfalls of CBE and H. 4596. It is a complicated topic, where slick talking points hide unproven and damaging education practices.
Thank you! Nevada has the 2nd highest cost per child and one of the worst outcomes per child.  We need alternate options.  parents are frustrated ..
Oh please. Your budget is all about making more money for your own self. You are a horrible person.
Using the old republican strategy of cutting funding then saying, that’s its broken, it doesn’t work.   Very disingenuous coming from a person like you that never had the best, at heart, for children and their education.
Her tweet shows why she wishes to basically administer the demise of the Department she leads. 

Her statement is exactly what you’d expect from an anti-education small-minded zealot.  

Her budget cuts programs that generate vital data that help locals understand their students!
Would like to see home schoolers obtain space at schools to access libraries, gym equip all subsidize!
Does this budget include more pay for teachers?
But as the person who walks “side by side” with her students, I am unable to do what’s best when I have no BUDGET or reimbursement given for the HUNDREDS of dollars I put out of my OWN POCKET for my students. Explain that...I’ll wait 
Hey lady 2u & ur family, Quit over charging my student loans, lowering my credit score, raising my minimum payment, over charging interest, no allowing my co-signer off, & preventing the borrower from paying loans wen due. Selfish! TY 2 the open law suite against u & ur family
A yr ago my credit score was almost 700 thanks to ur family business here it is today! U ruin lives
No, teachers do not always know the needs. Trust me!  Not even Special ed people!!!! Change out administrators and establish innovation there. Leadership matters!!!
Betsy Betsy Betsy...You are your own BEST example that a private education is no guarantee of superior results. #PublicschoolProud, #PublicSchools
Agreed
.@BetsyDeVosED If you want to return power to the teachers and students how about trying to support them when they tell you what they need instead of turning a blind eye. Parkland students needed you to talk to them not pet a therapy dog for a photo op and leave.
Well you certainly don't know anything about the needs of students  or care .
At least Congress wasn't fooled by your BS.
Is this a parody account?  Sounds like it.
Parents/teachers know their students best.  Is this why we focus so much on standardized testing/standards that ignore individual differences and talents, designed by distant strangers?
Yes!!!
So why are you siding with predatory student loan peddlers and turning teacher grants into loans? For shame.
You are extremely unqualified for the position you hold.  Do the American public a little justice, and resign.
We the people did not vote for bigger gov spending, get out of kids education
Where does this meaningless rhetoric come from? This is so stupid and void of any substance. How about you and your team try to understand the needs of students and fund public schools. You have $$,hire someone smart to manage your Twitter account. And you're at it your job too.
Is that a fancy way of saying public schools are screwed. Our four fathers never intended funds for education to be cut under any circumstances. That goes for funding your agenda too.
https://twitter.com/cindylltt/status/976973683725041664?s=21 …
Are you going to buy your way into each students heart or is that reserved to buy your job? Easier than knowing WTF your doing?
Do leftists really think our Ed system is fine and does not need a paradigm shift in approach? The US spends 3rd most per student, yet ranks 17th in science, 24th in math. 1970-2012, we had a 138% increase in non-teacher expense while student enrollment up 8%. Wasted resources.
That’s fine 
BUT
No public education cuts!
YOU need to champion the best trained educators in the world!!
The masses have 
NO CHOICE and these 
Heroes serve them all
Shut up. You have no clue what you’re doing.
Do you understand what it is like for a poor student in  Oklahoma’s public school system? Also how hard it is for the teachers of Oklahoma to get their jobs done?
you are right
You sound silly. Stop it.

You don’t even know what teachers are thinking. This is a sham for taking money from programs that help disadvantaged children and blur church and state separation.  I am ashamed that you are leading the dept of education.
#DespicableDevos #DespicableDevos #DespicableDevos #DespicableDevos #DespicableDevos #DespicableDevos #DespicableDevos #DespicableDevos #DespicableDevos #DespicableDevos #DespicableDevos #DespicableDevos #DespicableDevos #DespicableDevos #DespicableDevos #DespicableDevos
As if you had a clue.
I can't #nowords except #CLUELESSWONDER
Yes, but districts can currently refuse to provide gifted education.  This needs to change.
You are clueless as to what the needs are of students .
Democrats Tell DeVos Her ‘Head Is in the Sand’ on Racial Bias
In The NY Times you refer to underprivileged children as “students of color”????
A 5% budget cut that eliminates dozens of special programs in the public schools that include minorities?  And a one BILLlON dollar increase for school choice??       This budget DOES NOT benefit all students - especially minorities!!

Once again you are so clueless Betsy.  Please stop embarrassing our country with your lies and ignorance.  Maybe you should go back to school.   Maybe a public school so you can see how it is for the rest of us.
You are wholly unqualified and can’t even get through congressional questioning without looking foolish. Please resign and save your family the embarrassment. You’re NOT qualified.
I am not sure I have seen anyone more unfit for their job then you.
You suck
Please resign. You are a prejudiced, racist, uninformed, paid-by-SUPERPACS person totally unqualified for the position you hold. Resign now before you are kicked out and embarrassed on the way out.
Aren't you honestly sick of going out and embarrassing yourself, on a daily basis?  Wouldn't you just rather go back to being the insipid, out of touch, elitist Stepford wife that Trump fell in love with?
#fireDeVos SHE NEEDS TO GO IMMEDIATELY !!
You don’t even know the unique needs of the school system in America. Shut up.
If you really cared about kids you wouldn't be stealing our money.
How would you know what parents and teachers know? They're filthy commoners who care more about kids than they do their bank accounts.
Parents and teachers know that this budget is garbage. Please fund public education and quit putting money to your charter cronies pockets.
Why is this happening ? Stop tjis Lawlessness and take care of American children ! #NOHEAT#SCHOOL
..... “How do we reverse the trend of black students getting suspended?” is: “Stop suspending them,” you are inviting chaos and mayhem. All Hell is About to Break Out in This State’s Public Schools.
.....simply can’t make. The only other possibility is racism, and therefore it must be addressed with the heavy hand of the law. We’re all for alternative disciplinary experiments as long as they are grounded in science and not political correctness. But if the answer to........
Sadly,  there are many,  many children who don't have parents who know what's best for them.   Who looks out for them in your  "master plan"? You clearly have no interest in actually listening to teachers.   You are so clearly out of touch with what schools really need. #resign
Your programs are failing, ill-conceived, and politically partisan. You programs have made Michigan’s education system much worse over many years. Now you are attempting to ruin the education for all Americans. You have demonstrated you have no idea what you’re doing. Resign!
You assume every parent is a good parent. You are 100 percent wrong about that.
#BetsyBoop please resign... today!!!
By taking federal funds away, schools in poorer states will have even less resources than they do now, making the cycle of poverty complete.
Are you giving a raise to public school teachers..........NO
@BetsyDeVosED it’s funny how you can tweet this but yet you aren’t listening to the TEACHERS nor the PARENTS. Smh!! How ironic is that? 
What the heck drives you to stay in a position the majority does not want you in? I mean, you have a ton of money and could live a quiet happy life. Was your money threatened if you didn't take the job? Really, what's the truth?
Girl, you better invest in some aloe. And preparation H...
Rep. Rosa DeLauro gets in a heated exchange with Betsy DeVos over a potential plan to preempt state regulations on student loan collectors: “Who made this decision? What was the process? ... Who do you believe this…
Public school teachers walk side by side, and sit side by side, with students every day getting work done by avoiding platitudes, which we explain demonstrate a lack of research or bona fide sources @MEAOnline @NEAToday
This budget is shameful.  It has nothing to do with returning anything.  It is a cut cut cut and give to charter sch which have failed many
Why are you giving money to private schools? And how much federal $$ are the schools and companies that you and/or your family own part of getting this year from your department?
Yes, our school knows we need paper. Can you get on that please? We’re out. Extra money to pay for art teachers is also needed. And our middle school doesn’t have a pool or a track.
Speaking of teachers, have you learned the difference between growth and proficiency? Do you know anything at all about education? Resign.
This propaganda is not working. Defunding public schools to grant money to your charter school buddies will not help students. You are unqualified and compromised by your financial interests. Resign.
The majority of public school teacher disapprove of your job performance so far.
And school gun violence...you want to teachers to stand side by side on that too I suppose???
And yet IDEA says the federal government does...hmmm???
Have yet to see one positive comment..you need to step down and allow a real educator to step in.
You talk but you are not educated on this matter or any matter doing with your job. Why are you not educated? Talk about your education please. Now is a great time becuase I am asking and you work for me. I give you a Grade F right a out now.
She’s lazy. She can’t even memorize a statement when talking to potus & Parkland victims, yet the students did. Bets read off a paper. Lazy.
.....and line my pockets and the pockets of my family and friends
I am so tired of your lies, ignorance and BS!
Because you're damn sure not walking by the students side....You sold your soul to #DonaldTrump! You're no spring chicken...You WILL reap what you sow!
Nice words coming from an empty soul ! #quitnow
Remove #CommonCore and allow #schoolvouchers & #SchoolChoice. It is OUR MONEY @POTUS
Except in private charters, etc. then they can ignore idea and limit acceptance of special needs. Stop misleading.
Seeing a message like this makes me think... so why do people hate her?
You are a lying hack and a fraud.
Excellent! The adoption of the Student-centric Education and Training Model in action! The adoption of US New Educational Model in action!
You need to #ResignNow  Your vision FAILED in Michigan and you will fail students on a national level too.  You are among the worst cabinet appointments in history- James Watt, Donald Rumsfeld, Michael Brown.  You will be added to the list!
Betsy. Name sounds like an old cow
you are a horrible human being 
Betsy why don't you donate some of your own $$$ billions!
How would you know? You don’t even make a point to visit schools:
STOP the  agenda in our public school!!!! It’s child abuse! Delinquency of minors!!!!
Breaking up unions, attempting to revoke civil rights, rescinding guidelines for sexual assault and gender identity all while promoting privatization of schools and the aggrandizement of the predatory loan industry does not help our students or teachers.
Yeah so stay the F out of the education business, it’s obviously not your forté.

It does and it can, have you ever heard of the FAFSA?
Except when private schools won’t admit them.
Blah, blah, blah.  You got grilled in Congress.  Ha!
Why do refuse to listen to people’s questions and spit out generic talking points with no substance? You are grossly incompetent and an embarrassment to this nation.
Hang tough Betsy.  Do what you know is right. Ignore the ignorant hate posted here.  

‘Forgive them, for they know not what they do’
Thank you Ms. DeVos. I am glad you understand the importance of charter schools and voucher programs. The federal government ruins everything it touches. Leave education to the states!
You are an embarrassment to a Michigan.  How about visiting some for profit charter schools in Mid Michigan?  Your performance on 60 minutes and before the Senate proves you are incompetent to make any decisions on any school policy even that of the hall monitors.
#Resign

-servers at Trump Tower, Alfa Bank, Silicon Valley Bank, and Spectrum Health (owned by the DeVos family) were all in communication with each other and were the target of a FISA application in October of 2016
http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/cover_story/2016/10/was_a_server_registered_to_the_trump_organization_communicating_with_russia.html …
You're ignorance and lack of qualifications for your position make you no better than a drug dealer. If you were a real advocate for children/education you'd resign immediately and admit you never should have bought the job.
Ugh! Just step down.
You have no clue of the needs of one student and pleas resign. You are unable to answer one question about education without stuttering.
If you are living in a low income area and have no method of transportation and would like to attend some great private school, Betsy, how do I get there? You’re so out of touch. Let’s improve what we have.
You are the absolute worst you know nothing about education
Public money should not go to private schools.  You have done nothing to make schools safer or Better for kids since your dubious appointment.
Which is why teachers overwhelmingly oppose your budget. #dumpdevos #cruelladevos
Oh Betsy, I agree that your head is definitely NOT in the sand... it's up your ass because everything the Dems said to you was spot on.
You cannot say the government does not and cannot know when you yourself have NO IDEA ABOUT PUBLIC EDUCATION.
#ResignNOW
Are you sure about that?  You seemed to avoid answering some of the questions today,  especially about discrimination because you know charter schools employ discriminatory practices
#BetsyDeVos
You know what special education does for a child's future? Makes them a future homeless prostitute..while the DOE rakes in all those tax $..while teaching special needs children NOTHING! YOU ALL SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELVES... Disgusting.
But our teachers are so busy prepping for state tests they can’t teach like they want because they have to teach the way dictates to them. Stop ignoring our public schools and make some changes to help our teachers and students from the stupid bureaucracy that controls our system
The bears though.
then listen to the experts and while you’re at it just resign already
Privatization of education benefits YOU more than it helps kids. 

Kindly crawl back under your rock.
Exactly. Then why are you pretending to know the solutions to problems you are so out of touch with? You prove our point with this tweet. Stop advocating for your friends that are slated to benefit $$$ from your insane goals.

Please stop common core and liberal indoctrination of our kids/youth!

Again, LISTEN to TEACHERS. ASK what THEY need. Don’t tell us what we need.
Thank you Secretary DeVos!
“Return the power” is perennial GOP code for defunding the grassroots

You r so wrong! What u want to do is provide education only for those that achieve and have a strong family foundation.
What a train wreck she is.
Why are you such AN IDIOT! RESIGN! The reason why she is saying "federal law" is because they want to change the law to be able to discriminate against LGBTQ, minorities and anyone else they deem "other" ://youtu.be/EcezZNOWvA8
Then why is their a top down National "ORDER" that had schools across the country just let students walk right out & be used for a political gun control march. Punishing teachers & students that did not want to participate? If anything, Id think this is what Fed Edu WOULD address
Why do you GOP #fascists always work for organizations you don’t support & can’t understand? You hate egalitarian principles. Move.
Good job Betsy keep pushing ahead and don’t let the libtards get you down they won’t be happy with anything you and president Trump do!

You are corrupt 
Know-nothing moron !
Hey saw youre epic fail on ntv today
Just go home. What do you want? Isn’t 5Billion enough for you? Just do us all a favor and go home, take another trip on your yacht, do anything, just go.

School Safety: Brought to u by Betsy DeVos and the NRA
You are a lost soul.
Resign. Your greed and power lust is... disgusting.
Your budget proposal assumes states properly fund education. In my 5 years in OH, I haven’t even seen 1 ballot without a school levy proposal. As a teacher, I see the individual kids who suffer when levies fail. Schools should not have to beg for enough to educate their students.
Lincoln did his homework using coal on the back of a shovel. Einstein dropped out in sixth grade.  Funding isn’t th problem.  Broken families and parents raised to believe government is the only answer is the problem.  Parents think it is YOUR job to educate kids.
Brought to u by Betsy DeVos
not true.  this budget begins your pan to dismantle public schools.  you are a person unfit for the job.  resign.  you are hurting the children you claim to are about.
Ignore the haters, I am so glad to have you in charge of the @usedgov .... we support you.  You need to learn from your boss, take the gloves and start swing, don't be afraid to break a nail. We haven't waived an inch for @POTUS , will do the same for you.
Maybe all caps will get your attention. PLEASE RESIGN
Are you embarrassed? You should be.
Wrong! #PrimusProxima rule is absolute. if not THEE indigenous always=@knessetisrael, then @CodeDotGov only option.=strict template form rules,& document @apa cheats=#TaxFreeDad name be damned! Public legal system was without @uscode @SenateFloor oversight
2009&1909 @NIMH=25%iLL?
Your argument sounds true to any municipal employee.
Where @UGLE_GrandLodge trust the @fbi, i choose be inspired outside @ODNIgov; thank you for challenging my request.
=My @apa testing request + @TheMunciple = @girlscouts arsons?
Please solicit @classified status, under @DOJBJA.
Translation:  "Let's shut down public schools and make all children attend fundamentalist indoctrination camps, where parents with no educational experience or subject-matter expertise are encouraged to invent their own superstition-based curriculum."
Stop lying!  Your entire goal is to get rid of public education and put every kid in a Christian school that your friends can profit from.  If you cared about teachers, you’d sit down with them, shut up, and try to learn something about educating kids.
This makes no sense— yes parents and teachers know students’ needs best, but the federal govt helps to shape policy, fund innovation and provide other means of support for students, parents, teachers and schools. Hiding budget decisions from public transparency only hurts
The mounting, untenable burden of student loan debt the MIDDLE CLASS bought into more than 20 years ago IS YOUR PROBLEM NOW. Be a leader and address the issue. Why did this happen? Interest rates on loans at 8-10%, no high-paying jobs, no public bailout.
Keep up the good work Betsy, we’re pulling for you.
Wtf are you even talking about?
The 312 people that liked this tweet are the same 312 that like you irl. Everyone else thinks you suck.
Passing the buck due to incompetence.   A repeating theme.
Then why don’t you eliminate mandated standardized testing
Especially those who do it for profit, right Bets?
Just stop, you’re embarrassing yourself. Get off Twitter and get something done for public schools
And more money to be made off charter schools for you, perhaps?
[tumbleweeds blow through]

#DeVoseED from #reality
Someone who has never trained nor worked as a teacher, but has a personal financial interest in charter schooling and student loans cannot know the educational needs of this country.  Resign.
