Expanding Pell grants would accelerate efforts to help our state meet its Future Ready Iowa goal. #iagov

https://governor.iowa.gov/2018/04/gov-reynolds-calls-for-pell-grants-to-be-expanded-to-more-short-term-certificates …
Unacceptable

@SharylAttkisson @BreitbartNews @DRUDGE @PrisonPlanet @zerohedge @gatewaypundit @ASavageNation @Cernovich @mtracey @JamesOKeefeIII @cristinalaila1 @EmeraldRobinson  @paulsperry_ @howleyreports @ColumbiaBugle @TheLastRefuge2 @RealJamesWoods
People talk about school boards, teachers, teacher unions, the administrators all pushing Leftist agendas.
 But nobody ever talks about the text books, SAT & curriculum being CREATED by 'The College Board' which is a Bolshevik Leftist run org that literally controls narratives
It is time to utterly destroy The College Boards monopoly & cancerous impact upon our schools
@GovMattBevin @GovAbbott @GovWalker @The_RGA @GovLarryHogan @NathanDeal @RepDaveBrat @RepJoeWilson @ToddRokita @parscale @IngrahamAngle @RepJasonLewis @BenSwann_ @RandPaul @tedcruz @OANN
We must put an end to this
Another way our kids are being made Leftwing activists

@powerlineUS @JudicialWatch @FreedomWatchUSA @freedomcaucus @RepStevenSmith @seanhannity @replouiegohmert @RepThomasMassie @dcexaminer @AnnCoulter @dbongino @KurtSchlichter
Unfortunately she has. With survivors that despise her. Like most of the country does.
Screw you and your jesus vouchers. Your days are numbered as it is.
Let's cut government backing student loans for Colleges who don't have conservative professors
I read the hate and vitriol spewed at you, every time you tweet, and I think to myself. I hope these hate filled trolls aren’t teachers. Surely their not, right?
There is No One in any Public Office that has been Bullied and Spewed hate upon then @BetsyDeVosED by Teachers and Teacher Union Hacks. It's really quite scary who is teaching our kids and running our Schools.
I’m so tired of reading all the hate spewed towards her. We don’t have to engage these troglodytes, but we should be commenting our support towards her. I think more people support her than are against her, But we are too timid to show our faces. I’m tired of hiding.
The Teacher Nazis will attack anyone that supports her. I got tired of blocking all the outraged. Probably why she needs so much security just to visit schools and make her safe. It's crazy out there.
The more they hate her, the more I love her. I can’t imagine having skin that thick.
She is Great. What scares the hell out of Teachers Unions is giving kids & parents free school choice. They have kids & parents trapped in poor performing schools with NO way out. $$ should follow the kids. 29,000 per student per year in NYC. K-12 = 377,000 to keep them trapped.
Each student is worth 377K if they can keep in system for 13 years. Probably more. That's why Teachers Unions control all Local and state Politicians. Education Industrial complex is Huge and has failed the country on a whole.
The Money is NOT going to the kids. With this kind of Money Budgeted the kids should be having world class experience with modern technology and fabulous art,music and sports programs.
“GOP” Cabinet = “Government Opressing Programs”
Wouldn’t affordable education hurt your BUSINESS?
Where are our vouchers for attending charter schools? Why are public school text books containing passages about Trump being mentally unstable?
In case you didn’t think there was an effort going on in public schools to indoctrinate kids with an anti-conservative agenda, a friend of mine took pictures and highlighted parts of this AP US History book. 
Read it again....the entire paragraph.  Trump's whole message was about "the forgotten man."  That's what alienation means.  You people need a better education if you think that textbook shows bias.  A government or history class isn't Fox & Friends...it's academic.
Conservatives worried that Obama was a closet homosexual, yet it doesn't mention that in the textbook?
Because being a homosexual has nothing to do with your ability to hold office.  Also, even if he was gay, LGBTQ rights are protected and expanded by Supreme Court.  What a ridiculous argument....   #Idiot
That would be the same thing as saying, "conservatives were worried about Obama being black."  True, but discriminatory and inappropriate for a textbook.....
There's no such thing as a closet negro.

Denying who you are, is very dangerous, especially for a president. Men he had sex with in college could have blackmailed him, maybe they did?
You bought your job.
How short?

#IdLikeToBeRichEnoughTo be Secretary of the Department of Education. #WednesdayWisdom @BetsyDeVosED 
oh bets, the only career u are committed to is the one you bought, YOURS, when u paid for your gov pos & sold our nations future to your friends u became a #govwhore
Betsy is a worthless piece of shit.
why not follow Europe's example on this and the government invests in education by not requiring students to pay loans back.
You're committed to lining your pockets with bribe  and giving kickbacks to predatory colleges, get out you lying sack of tattered human flesh.
I agree with Expanding Pell Grants: but don't trust DeVos' long term education policies.
Betsy-u r a danger to the future of our nation. Resign Now.
YOU CANT MAKE EDUCATION MORE AFFORDABLE AND CUT PROGRAMS! YOU CANT MAKE EDUCATION MORE ACCESSIBLE IF YOU CUT PUBLIC SCHOOLS! 
Educate yourself Madam Secretary.
Betsy thought you were going to put prayer back in our schools. And when did History become an elective. How can you help our education programs so far you have not shown us anything. Get American history back as required!!!! Get prayer back!! We want our kids to know the pledge
You know NOTHING about affordable education!
You really have made yourself irrelevant!  Keep up the good work!
When will we see true school choice? Tax breaks to allow families to afford schools they choose not schools they are compelled to attend even if they are failed districts? Catholic school families demand tax relief now! #savemercyhighschool #TheEastEndNeedsMercy
A big part of disgraced Education Secretary Betsy DeVos's plan to destroy public education is to facilitate school shootings by funding the politicians who protect the NRA.

So about that student loan collection company you own ?
She just awarded her company the contract to collect loans.that co. Lost the contract in 2016-17 for unethical practices. Performant is the company name, but I think she may have changed the name a bit...it will come up on google if you chose to confirm.
Our schools are falling apart they are being taught nothing but racism and propaganda brainwashing what in the hell are you going to do ...get rid of these planted communist teachers...Teachers union needs to fall down quickly they are no longer for the student or good teachers
She voted to reduce federal education dollars, she has paved the way for “for profit private schools”to take money from public schools. 

Read: the Orlando Sentinel  3 part article
“ schools with no rules” regarding private schools in Florida.
My very intelligent daughters deserve a quality education in college to promote their careers. They will be contributing to society but they will be broke and in debt. How will you help them?
To combat university administrative inflation, schools should have to use 80% of their income in the classroom to qualify for Pell.
What are the new text books out banning conservatives and Trump supporters..How can this be allowed?..Programming of our youth..
Without making a personal profit off of it? #resign #unqualified You do not stand by equal fair education for all and do not have the best interests/rights of students/education in mind. firedevos #betsydevos #education
Bets, hon? Lots of what you say contradicts lots of what you do.
You talk about expanding Pell Grants after this?  http://college.usatoday.com/2017/03/16/bad-news-for-low-income-college-students-in-trump-2017-budget/ … Seriously? You had a chance to go to bat for educational funding. But no. You gut FSEOGs and Pell instead and now come back like that was some other person. We have cameras. We have the internet. Don't lie.
Betsy DeVos is one of the most clueless people on my twitter feed.  It would be funny if my taxes didn't pay her salary.
Why aren't people going into teaching? NYC wants four essays written as a part of the application process!  Teachers forced out by politically correct law makers! I was targeted as being "culturally insensitive" for saying soccer referee's are stoned in So. America! VOTE TRUMP
Thank u.
#RethinkDeVos unqualified and bribed her way into a seat she never earned and doesn't belong in. Complete dishonor to those who served and now teach and deserved the job.
FREE WISDOM US should give all kids grades 2-12 FREE http://aimhightips.com 
Thankyou, I'm getting inrolled in a vocational college for message. And unlime most people. I have special skills. So everyone will win with this.
Hmmmm.... I see good in bad in this.  I see a LOT of potential abuse as well
#Resign
Love you Betsy.  Keep up the good work.  Much to be done.
Now this is something I was referring to in a prior tweet. Pell Grants should be expanded. I can see them being offset by the institutions ability to contribute also. ie. Athletic programs etc. They are an institution for learning and just not for pre draft. My opinion.
interesting you put this out publicly when you stiffed all the kids who joined the public service program specifically because it offered eventual loan forgiveness.  Interesting you make your sheer hypocrisy so easy to see.....such contempt for peasant intelligence .....
Not nearly enough... STOP DEPT OF EDUCATION COLLEGE TUITION SCAM!

In case you didn’t think there was an effort going on in public schools to indoctrinate kids with an anti-conservative agenda, a friend of mine took pictures and highlighted parts of this AP US History book. 
BDV ~ Connected and wealthy is not experienced and qualified. How can we have a US Secretary of Education without required experience and qualification? 
Attorneys general sue DeVos over delay of rule to protect students from predatory colleges
Once again, @BetsyDeVosED put interests of for-profit career education programs ahead of hardworking students.
Trump administration picks former official at for-profit DeVry University to head student aid enforcement unit -
Company with DeVos ties awarded Education Dept debt-collection contract: report | TheHill
18 AGs sue the Department of Education over Gainful Employment Rule
Expanding any Gov programs which give/loan $$ to students for College only increase cost of education for all others. Colleges use these Gov programs to raise the cost for education increasing their profits. Other means of providing advanced education to poor must be developed.
Resign
I agree, Betsy!  You are useless grandma who probably carries Werther’s Originals in her purse!
Why are you supporting the companies that make student loans at the expense of students who are being conned by fake “universities”.
You should help us with our student loans and you assure another 4 years
Your prayers for wisdom have obviously not been answered. But I gather keep trying while you destroy our children

You... talking about common sense?
You have no idea what you are talking about, nor do you care
You don’t have an ounce of common sense in your body
Making education more affordable for students spoken by a narcissistic billionaire with no common sense is not going to change anything
Looks like Mccain
You're steering public funds into private coffers, just like always.
You have no idea
Student loan rates are only going up. #lies
A grant is not a loan because a grant doesn't have to be paid back.
