It’s simple math - the more guns you put in school the greater the probability of someone getting hurt or killed. School Resource Officers (police) should be the only school staff armed.
In 50 years in education I have worked alongside hundreds of dedicated teachers and non-instructional staff, the majority of which always put children first. They do not wished to armed. And the minority that would I would not rehire.
@realDonaldTrump @KyleKashuv #BetsyDevos is doing a marvelous job. #USA appreciates the job secretary of education is doing. There’s hope again. We all care about our kids and grandkids, they are our future and our joy, our world 

If you resign, we will be safer. Love, a real teacher
I hope it includes the idea of having NRA members and Retired Veterans to be used as armed guards so that the teachers can teach; not demand the teachers learn a Gun Safety 101 class over the Summer to prepare for the Fall.
Sessions is a racist, any meeting with him is without a doubt, unproductive
You mean the commission with no actual educators on it?  #resign

Never have I been more disillusioned as a public educator because of people like you and Trump, but I forge on for the good of the cause because our children in public schools deserve our best effort each day
I have an idea, resign. As soon as possible. You, like the rest of this clown car of an administration, is an embarrassment. History will not be kind to you
Then have common sense gun policies so I don’t have to spend teaching time explaining how to defend against an AR-15.
YOU WANT TO MAKE SCHOOLS SAFER? TELL YOUR GOP COHERTS TO STOP CASHING THOSE FAT NRA CHECKS N PASS SOME COMMON SENSE GUN LAWS. WWJD?
Come to South Carolina first. We have a legal solution straight from Heaven! Your Faith-based partners will agree.
Why doesn't DeVos all stop traveling & do something besides taking away students' right to a decent public education?!!! Schools are underfunded, teachers not paid enough, students' education suffering. DeVos is woefully unqualified to conceive of & accomplish changes we need.
Simple answer. Spend some of your promo video budget on ACTUAL SCHOOL SECURITY!

Stupid.
How about giving Oklahoma teachers textbooks, chairs, and tables.
Thank you although the Sachem Central SD is taking a great deal of time to implement effective security standards.. Multiple security breeches and a lax “ daily” attitude...
If you come to Atlanta I will blow your mind on something that you couldn't even dream exists. It's the most extraordinary thing you need to know before you make any more plans.
Take away more funding from public schools, that sure will help!
Are you aware that kids use laptops and cellphones these days? (No tech at your table!) Will you be traveling the country by horse & buggy?
I know of a few students with some great ideas #ParklandStudents #MSDStrong #NeverAgain #enough
You wouldn’t meet with the Parkland students. Stop lying, you’re a god damn embarrassment. How much money are you and your family making with your student loan collection ties? Why did you slash policies that help students with financial student debt. Greedy bitch.
#RESIGN and take your horrible brother with you
Ms DeVos are you planning on protecting our LGBT, race, gender and religious students? This is either a yes or no answer. And we want to know how you are planning on protecting them.
Nobody wants to hear your clap trap crap.
Oh Betsy it’s laughable that you are trying to tackle this as a leader.  I hope your meetings include people that are actually in the trenches of schools.  Otherwise you are meeting to meet and smile for the camera.
Tell us more Lucinda @ 45 you're so unwise.
I'm actually impressed! There were more mildly-coherent sentences in your video than usual. You get a star! Just kidding - there's not enough funding for that because you're wasting all our money flying around.
@realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump if true, this seems like a big deal
Report: Financier in Erik Prince's Seychelles meeting traced back to Putin https://thebea.st/2H0Rrjz 
Is it true you also had An affair with President Trump?
Yeah, maybe you should start with the transgender students who are being bullied, and whom you are intentionally ignoring. Seriously how you 1) call yourself a Christian and 2) sleep at night, is beyond me. Or possibly you are simply Satan’s spawn.
#Godspeed in all you do in your quest to renovate and improve our nations school systems @usedgov as it has been long overdue and much appreciated by millions upon millions of parents and students alike. #ccot #tcot #teaparty #maga #kag #trumptrain @POTUS @WhiteHouse 
Dept. Of Education Fail: Teachers Lose Grants, Forced To Repay Thousands In Loans
Get rid of common core and no child left behind.
Stop trying to appease liberalist ideals and stop this indoctrination of the youth.
You suck, you suck, you suck.
Resign.
#BitchBetsyDeVos you fake smile isn’t working for you... QUIT NOW!!! #DumpDeVos
Please don't fly on taxpayers dime
Its nearly April. You realize the teens went nationwide weeks ago, right?
This burden should not land on the shoulders of educators.  We need real solutions to a big problem. Don’t arm me with a gun, give me counselors and training.
Clearly you have not listened to what is proposed.  No one said give every teacher a gun.
Jeff Sessions does not have a clue on what public schools need! Just like you! Why don’t you go visit “real public schools” and ask the teachers input?
So many things are troubling about this vid. The music is odd, she is inarticulate, Jeff, mandate. No one on that team is qualified.
Please resign. You have absolutely no idea what public sector schools and colleges need.
Terrific-those of us who work in schools look forward to engaging in the conversations
You are completely unqualified.  @realDonaldTrump needs to get rid of you and put one of the 1000s of vets who is now a teacher in charge of @usedgov and this group. They earned it. They didnt buy their seat. #RethinkDeVos
By not asking parents, teachers, administrators, and students to be part of the commission... it has already failed. Sad really, because you had a real chance to make a real difference.
Was the output tangible? If not join a cause that is
All the best... Arm a trained staff members, at every school, with more than 100 students.
Are you going to meet with any #Parkland students? #MSDStrong
You possibly have the most difficult but important cabinet position of all. We thank you for your service & commitment to quality education for our children. It's a tough but noble agenda.
Do you even know what she is doing for students and schools in the country....? I can bet you have no idea, so I suggest you get to Google asap....
Love you Betsy.
One suggestion is a Public Safety Department inside each public junior high and high school.  Each department would be student-friendly, offer safety and other workshops and would work in conjunction with local authorities.  This is long overdue.
Resign, by doing that public schools might have a chance!
A company you were invested in is now going to be one of only two debt collectors contracted by US Gov. to go after student loan recipients?!  So corrupt!
Why else would there be a reason to privatize anything to do with education?
You are so fake
Screw him!
No Doubt It !!!
#StormyDanielsInterview @StormyDaniels
#ICYMI: EDUCATION DEPT. AWARDS STUDENT DEBT COLLECTION CONTRACT TO COMPANY WITH TIES TO BETSY DEVOS.
@BetsyDeVosED
I think we need some congressional hearings, stat.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/grade-point/wp/2018/01/11/education-dept-awards-debt-collection-contract-to-company-with-ties-to-devos/?utm_term=.f6c226d469c3 … …
So, when will you meet with teachers and administrators?
Go away! You are not helping education, your making it worst!
NOVEMBER is coming sooner than you think.
Every once in a while someone like Trump comes along to remind us just how vigilant we ALL must be to make sure someone like Trump never comes along again. Ever.

The first line of defense is the ballot box.

#GOTV #FliptheHouse #FliptheSenate #VoteBlue #BlueWave2018
What does wearing your most expensive jewelry tell us about you?
No travel needed, @BetsyDeVosED. Our schools regularly invaded by violent people with military weapons. #UniversalBackgroundChecks  reasonable first step. @MomsDemand know what works, @NRA opposes every reasonable measure & keeps #BloodMoney flowing into @GOP coffers. #TruthNow
Wait.  You’re going to low performing schools, too?  Sorry but I wouldn’t trust you with the safety of my kids’ schools.
ARE YOU PLANNING ON MEETING WITH TEACHERS?
Resign, Betsy. U have know idea of how to educate America’s children. For the ZLove of God and Country, resign. Thank you in advance for ur resignation.
@BetsyDeVosED @Tom_Suozzi 
We had not heard of this initiative. How do we volunteer? Know that Superintendents across Suffolk County have valuable perspective and are here to serve. #NeverAgain
We all hate you go away.
Secretary DeVos, I am marketing, branding and advertising Harvest America 2018 and hope the NFL opens all NFL franchise stadiums to broadcast the live national simulcast with Greg Laurie to restore our youth's confidence in God and government.
Please don’t bother coming to Massachusetts
You’re the only politician with a more #fake smile than @HillaryClinton.  Totally oily.
You can start by resigning, you’re doing nothing but hurting our kids.
Bake sales for body armor?
#resign
heck, I'm surprised you can spell productive tho I doubt you know what it means
Listen to the people.  The future voters of America will vote @GOP out. Pack your bags.  #BlueWave
If schools in Montana need shotguns to ward off grizzlies, what are you going to give schools in Wisconsin, rod and reels to ward of Muskies?
You are beyond pathetic. #GreedyHypocrite
Baaaaa haaaaa you going to use what money to travel ???? Charter school money is what you should you little missy public school strong  just resign  another disaster getting ready to happen to our public education
Oh, please. Just stay home; our students have been traumatized enough by you and your minions.
Please tell me (by show of hand) which teachers got their certificate to become human shields?
change to bulletproof classroom doors that face the hallways, bulletproof walls of classrooms that face hallways (where most of the killing happens), secure locks on doors that face hallways and public areas, keep students from running into hallways in active shooter situations.
Resign! You are destroying our schools!!!!!!!
put a ban on semi automatic since all mass shotting have been done with that, tighten the guard at each school fire them if they are lazy and lock the doors.
So there is no diversity on the commission, just a bunch of white Trump appointees?  

Seems like this is not the way to start a process that is supposed to look at methods to prevent violence at schools
Stop the NRA, sane gun control. Of course this is not on the table.
Are you really open to "people's" ideas? How about sensible gun control? Not open to that, are you?
They'll be safer if you stay away. Go get a real job that you are qualified for.
I have a couple ideas:  1. Common sense gun legislation 2.  Ask teachers for their input or put some teachers on this panel.
Oh good - more travelling expense. How about phone and video conferences first. You dolts are way too willing to spend taxpayer dollars on things that don’t pay back.
Ignorant grifter.
NOT SPANKING, ASSAULT Public Schools injure children wImpunityParents haveRight2Know aboutPoliceStateSchools HarmHealth&Safety 1977 #SCOTUS IngrahamVwrightRemediesDENIED #ACEs #HR160 ONLYpeopleLegallyBeaten #TNHB2330
We have schools here in Philadelphia that you should come and visit !
Are you actually going to have teachers and real school officials at your meeting, or are you going to continue to pretend to be productive and care?
Please meet with veteran teachers! Include teachers in this discussion - they are the front-liners and first line of defense and need to be heard! School reform comes from those in the field! #SchoolSafety #NeverBreaktheSeal
Here's all you need to know, the NRA is killing our kids, end of fucking story
Here’s one... stop letting civilians buy assault weapons. When one goes killing animals it’s called hunting, not assaulting. Weapons designed for war have no place in society... you can start there... #IdiotsInCharge #TrumpsMorons
Betsy seems to confuse traveling around with making policy accomplishments.
Obama was her role model
Shame on us. Its not about guns or a broken mental health system.....it about a broken mentality where we choose to kill the unborn and then feed our "fatherless" kids a steady diet of violent video games, movies and music & drama filled "reality" TV shows, negative social media,
You’re a joke. Quit your job.
Ms. DeVos, I implore you to ensure all voices are included in your conversations, including those of the recent victims of the #ParklandShooting.
The White group of you all is sickening. You don't know how to protect the kids of color.
So the conversation was probably something like, how do we arm teachers, how many teachers do we arm, where do we keep the guns yo arm teacher & how can we hire Blackwater yo provide school security so that my brother Eric can get a slice of this pie?
When we say gun reform, you hear that we want to take away all guns!  Your selective hearing is awful!
We have told you! Gun reform! We are not asking to take away guns but the laws need to be more strict! No one needs an AK! What is wrong with everyone that they can't get that messsage?
1. Ban MK Ultra CIA projects
2. Ban CIA/Deep State False Flag Operatiions 
3. Hold Pharmaceutical Industry accoutable for producing drugs known to induce suicide and mass murder.
4. Bring Prayer Back to our schools
5. Teach God’s commandments in our schools.
6. Bring back holistic medicine 
7. Medical Insurance should fully cover holistic doctors, treatment and therapy
Hold Deep State and CIA accountable for usage of false flag and MK Ultra Operatiions.
How was it that a porn star was better prepared, more articulate and more convincing on 60 Minutes than the Secretary of Education?
Do you plan to suggest that we should install armed grizzly bears in schools to keep students safe?

Vomit! You have no ides what your doing! RESIGN
you talking to the members of congress?
You are not qualified for your position, please step down.
These lib's hate our Constitutional Republic. Most teachers represent a Cultural Marxist ideology like Obama. They blame "guns" when it was Obama's hair brain policy inside his stupid "Joint-Dear Colleague" letter, 1/8/14 that Marxists adhered to like gospel re: ZERO discipline
Good!
The photo-op tour keeps rolling.
Can't help but notice Betsy's makeover just for the occasion.
170 school districts in Texas has armed teachers no teachers or students victims just implement listening to #RadicalizedLiberalism isn’t productive
Where is the bipartisan approach to find solutions? I'm not impressed w your rhetoric
Traveling so much Betsy. Imagine how much more purposeful those dollars could be spent?
Like vacations to Hawaii and holding big events so hollywood elites and entertainment celebs can stroke his ego since he had no accomplishments to stand on.  Talk about a waste of tax payer dollars.
You don’t know what you’re doing #ThursdayThoughts
Watch out for those grizzly bears!
How much will the people you met with make off of this? How are you going to profit from tragedy?
How about getting rid of the PROMISE.This program prevented police from getting involved in assaults, threats, bullying, disruption on campus, drug use, possession, under the influence, drug paraphernalia, harassment, thefts, trespassing, vandalism, property damage etc.
Betsy you haven’t got a clue
You are moving too damn slow.
at least she's moving.....not effectively because I don't think she is qualified......but at least she is moving. Why wasn't this handled by Clinton, Bush or Obama?
I work at a vocational high school in PA. Why don’t you come see us? Our student population is as diverse as a big city and some of our kids actually study law enforcement. Our kids want safer schools and would love to discuss ideas with you.

And fire the parents (or parent)...as they dont give a damn about thier kids safety or education or they wouldnt educate thier own kids instead of letting social media, video games, hollywood and the music industry entertain and educate thier snowflake kids. Change starts at home
One thing that would make me feel safer is not having you in office.
Sensible solutions make great strategies. We have done school safety for 20+ years.  Arming teachers will NEVER be the right idea. Be smart about this!  I invite u to hold a commission meeting at the Natl. School Safety Conf in July.  @FLGovScott
Resign!!
Resign
Company with DeVos ties awarded Education Dept debt-collection contract: report
1. Common sense gun laws 2. Increase $ for counselors in schools and mental health support services 3. #ResignNOW  Easy! #BuyAJobBetsy
No offense..but damn it ! We are cowards, hypocrits. Why is it the job of counselors or mental health services to fix an issue we created. Stop killing unborn babies because its a choice.What message does that send? Have you listened or viewed video games, movies and music lately
Good job!  
Teach them the Sanctity of Life!  Get a group of expert in all these area 24 days then roll out a plan to MAKE AMERICA EDUCATION GREAT AGAIN! 

God Speed!
217,128 students aborted? We can handle, love and care for them? Fear of work lack of love! No more! Divorce is lack of managing expectation, finance and education that help elevated Family, Country and Faith!

Mrs. DeVos please take a seat. As you know we have come to the end of your probation period. Thank you so much and good luck with all your future endeavors. 
Last the colleges mills games needs to stop! No grade get a career!
Kids need Debates not safe zones!
NO, NO, NO Sanctuary school status, 3 strike and to Jail! Out, out, out! Zero tolerance out!
DNA Testing? Drug testing for Teacher, character Count for Teacher! Clean mind around our kids! Two Gender no more Halloween drama! Their recreational behavior out off schools! No tramp tags glories in our kids faces!
I really can’t stand her.
Stop hiding Teacher not fit for Duty! Get them fit! Or retire or rotate to the cafeteria to retirement time! Get the best!
Turn off! Kids CNN in school! Not good!
Mandatory immediately! No Teacher union Funds to be used out side the wall of it School! 

All to be used by the end of that year! 

No Political Donation Of education Salary!

Get the leach out off school!
No more Pan handle flier in students Back Pack!
Self evaluation classes for Kids, parents!
3- gun Safety Class for all students!
Debates room and all campus!

1- Parent spanking Zone or Room!
I have an idea, Betsy. It’s called “gun control”.
Ive got a better idea..its called "look in the mirror".Guns have always been around. We are hypocrits as legally we can choose to kill mil of unborn children and then act outraged that children outside the womb are killing other children. Its not guns. its broken children.


Yep.
Nope. You meeting was about coffee and donuts.
You need undercover teachers who report what REALLY happens on campuses. When they know your coming, teachers and admin put on a front. We have big problems at public schools, to get the truth go undercover.
So then, how many schools will you grace with your presence? 1 or 2? Will these schools be picked at random, or will they be specific and scripted like Paul Ryan does?  Appears to be a school safety committee, made of members who have never taught at a school.
School safety begins with school admins on sight to allow police on campus when crimes are committed. Our local school won't allow police on campus because it looks bad. Kids do crimes against other kids and they keep it in house. No reporting done to officers. NOT GOOD!!
School Safety Commission is a euphemism for DO NOTHING!! You all refuse to see that reasonable gun control would go a long way to making schools safer. Get your hands out of the NRA’s pockets and DO YOUR JOB!
Love what you're doing Nancy!

How about talking to the kids out there pushing for gun control so they won't, you know, DIE IN ALGEBRA CLASS. Course that might yield more than a photo o.o and that's not what you're after, is it?
Betsy DeVos, there are are people out there who will challenge you to the ends of the earth until you make the right decisions for our children. When you buy your postion no one will take take you seriously.
And who are those you’re meeting?   School teacher?  Parents?  School children?
Gun control??? You never acknowledged “March for our lives”.  Nor answered that you supported our courageous youth last Saturday.  As long as you remain silent about this issue you will NEVER have our support where I live.
As a teacher, I have been insulted to my core by your administration on many topics since you came to office. But THIS, has broken me. It is YOUR job to ensure teachers have the tools to TEACH and students have the tools and means to LEARN. NOT to combat like military adults!
I have a great solution! Resign!
You mentioned a mandate,  but you never mentioned what it is??

I know that I have said this before. How many people are on this committee that will actually use their bodies to shield students from danger. While making sure they are on grade level. Look forward to a real discussion #realteacher
All I got from this video was “we are going to travel.”  Kewl.  Anything else you plan to do or nah?
We mock Betsy,and I agree she is not qualified, but mocking Betsy or President Trump is just more pussyhat rehtoric. If people really want change,we all need to look in the mirror and raise our kids to have strong self worth and confidence and spend time with them.We created this
Literally nothing about my reply was mocking her.
Please meet with me!Take a moment to read my son's story and our school's minimal response.  #DontBeTheNextSchool #StopBullying #BeTheChangeYouWantToSee
Solution #1: resign
You do everything to avoid doing YOUR JOB! School safety is important, but you need to stopp schools from closing so that there is a school to make safe. Go visit the failinh school districts in YOUR state that you helped to divert funding and see how they are fairing with little
Or no funding, public or private then you will see your handywork. The damage you have done to poor and under represented children. What kind of adult literacy programs do you support? That is all in your duties your plate is full with the things you have yet to fulfil. Start....
The March for Our Lives folks have five great ideas. No need to re-invent the wheel; go with their ideas.
Don’t waste my money on your travel. You are shit at your job. Please resign you fucking moron. Please tell your twat brother to go fuck himself.
Does my kid’s school need to get a dog for you to pet upon arrival?
At least it keeps you away from the schools
