well Betsy BOOP Devos , we are waiting. This is not your Brother & BUDDIES WAR IN IRAQ or Afghanistan, this is our SCHOOLS,  Do they have you GAGGED BOUND, for fear of utter IGNORANCE !
Sad to see someone turning such a sweet comment into something so bitter #shameful
WHAT planet are you FROM Russia... Nothing sweet about her, her BOSS or her words she has no 'IDEA"!  Are you a paid BOT from Russia. No mention of securing schools , just GUN UP our teachers. Great NRA idea Call Blackwater ( her brother) they are PRO at  fortifying WAR ZONES.
Yes, I’m in fact from planet Russia, ( great geography btw)based on your continuous post of the same image, I’d say youre the bot! 
If you believe mental health is a contributing factor, can you explain why Trump cut funding to mental health programs and rolled back the Obama executive order that placed additional protections in preventing the mentally ill from purchasing firearms?
Crickets?  That's ok, I'll explain for you.  It's the $30,000,000.00 the NRA spent to get Trump elected.  If you disagree, feel free to offer the real reason. Otherwise, we'll all take your silence as admission I'm right 
Uh-huhhh... but this..
Where were you to console the kids and parents. Afraid to go out in public. You are sickening.
Pathetic empty words from a hollow, ineffectual person, who by fortune of circumstance, now pretends to know how to make change. Thoughts and prayers?? Your heart goes out to...? You're as embarrassing as 45.
How about you protect my kids instead of promoting your stupid and ineffective voucher program!  Be sure to tell your buddies at the NRA, my kids are NOT for sale.  Do your job!  #violenceEndsHere #NRASlave #neveragainmovement
@BetsyDeVosED doesn’t care about your child. She cares about how much money she can make off you.
#Dutchmafia
It's been days and weeks, we're still waiting
Why don't you fools do something about AR-15s?
So why TF you smiling while parents share their unimaginable pain?
You are the biggest plague ever to infest the American public education system.   You seem to promote the advancement of ditch diggers as a profession for the poor.   You are despicable.  What stewardess school did you attend Miss Stepford?
If you had a heart - you are morally bankrupt and history will show that you’re charlatan and you’re effect on education will be negative. Shame on you.
Hello

What counts as support? Thoughts and prayers? Does your sympathy manifest as a commitment to a legislative solution to school shootings?
You are so full of it since you believe teachers should carry guns instead of stronger gun control & banning assault rifles oh and you have been cutting budgets to end public schools
You’re just waiting for the NRA to cut you a check.
I never heard such a fake "my heart breaks" out of anyone that I just heard from you now!
Will you support them by encouraging your party and president to support a ban on assault rifles?
Actions speak louder than words!

#NRAWHORE
Thank goodness your heart goes out to victims. It’s like you solved everything with a thought! #superpower #superfail #sad #pathetic #gohomenow

Well it’s been two weeks! Are you really even praying? Nothing is happening! Nothing has changed! Will you post your thoughts and prayers when this happens again? Are you just copying and pasting at this point?! I’ll post you here every week so you don’t forget. Am I too late?

Really? By suggesting that teachers become gun-toting security guards in addition to everything else we do? We don’t need your brand of support...
To begin, there are more than teachers in schools; administrators, secretaries, custodians, etc. Proper training can go a long way, and teachers wouldn't have to carry. Shooters EXPECT teachers, not the others. Second, throw erasers and books at them instead. I heard that works.
Your picture is appropriate. Black & White, looks like the 60s you are taking us BACK ! We know......., YES BETSY BOOP, that is how long we fought for IDEA, since the 60s. What your solution to prevent our schools from being shooting ranges. Have you thought about it #BetsyDeVos
What heart?
What exactly do you do?
So what were you smiling about in room full of parents who lost their children to senseless gun violence? Did something amuse you? Was it the fact that you know this farce your stupid boss arranged won’t lead to any significant change? Or was it how funny it is you have a job?

Support~~~~So that means a committee has been formed for security to be placed in every PUBLIC SCHOOL in the country, YOUR brother is Blackwater founder Erik Prince, he is experienced at SUBCONTRACTING in WAR ZONES !  Lets get it done ...
#GunContolNow this is what you do! You of all ppl should be protecting students. If u can’t #resign #unqualifed #FloridaShooting No more #NRA $$ @realDonaldTrump Cowards refuse to act!
Unfortunately no, they will start using o each other. You can’t have zero tolerance of violence but teach violence... we’re taking 12 year olds... they have no brain
I just tweeted my question to you, nothing since the tragic event? #negligence on your part.  Where is your proposal to @POTUS ? No more hiding ms DeVos, we're here to hold you accountable.  Get busy, action is needed.  Time to step up.  #NeverAgain no more #NRABloodMoney
Why not show your support by making a public statement in favor of meaningful reform of gun laws?


If you want to help them, implement gun control now on a national level and force Florida's gun nut politicians who are killing kids to fall in line.
Explain how someone like you who is out to destroy public education could possibly care about those affected by the tragedy in Florida
They weren’t impacted. They were affected.

Thank you Madame Secretary!

In addition to other top options on keeping our schools safe ,clear back packs should be considered for all students!
It’s disgusting to see you seated primly next to trump while he waves bonuses for packing a weapon in front of teachers. You are the absolute WORST Secretary of Education that money ever bought!!!!!
Send some grizzly bears, for comfort
You are a stupid ingrate, DeVos. You Peter Principaled out before you were even appointed for this job.
Words are EMPTY.
Your a joke, nobody believes the crap you spout. Resign, and go and leave us alone. You don’t care for our kids, you are deconstructing our schools to line your pockets. Get lost, go and hang out in Capri, any place out of our country.
Time to talk gun reform. Time to talk Trump out of his madman's plan to arm teachers. Will you step up to the job of protecting all students and educators?
@BetsyDeVosED at the Listening Session. And you sat there stone faced, grinding your shoes in the carpet. Nicole Hockley speaks, you look at her glaring and wincing pretending to listen. Tilting your head this way and that. You're a GD fake, a fraud, and a phony christian.
You disgust me!
Please step down so that someone who is qualified can take your place
4. Assembling all state Secs of Ed and AGs to discuss juvenile laws and how they might be improved or amended and also how students with emotional disabilities are being served/failed in our communities. 

Most fixes shld happen at state level, but you shld lead conversation
Being around so many passionate people (mostly hurting) on national TV with the US Pres and the entire weight of a whole country ... cannot be an easy situation. Maybe we should give her a break. Maybe we should focus more on what we are gonna do about school shootings.
Hardening school sites:
1. Architectural standards for building safer schools -> defer to national association of architects for best practices/design
2.  Technology/training -> are all teachers up to speed. 
3. Gun free zones good or bad thing? (also tasers, smoke bombs ??) /1
Can we get our #SchoolVouchers Now so my child can go 2 a school that offers security vs a gun free zone shooting gallery one?
Really?? What did your u know about public school. You are a charter school person. Don’t pretend you can even relate.
How about those who will be next to be affected: those who are so distracted by fear and anxiety due to your negligence that they cannot focus and study?
Betsy, I hope you address the school issues.  This student had ADHD Autism, did he have an IEP which would have gave him a PBSP.  Did he have outside supports?  MY goodness this guy fell through the cracks because of compliance issues sounds like to me.
Arming teachers is not a heartfelt reaction. #NotInMyClassroom
I think you're evil, and you should resign immediately.  Then do something decent with the rest of your life.  But no matter what, you don't belong working in government, and I would go so far as to say you shouldn't ever be in a supervisory role under any circumstances.
As I watched that blank, fake engaged look on your face sitting in that room in the White House yesterday....pathetic.
If only they had a grizzly gun.  

You are a useless joke. 

#IMPEACHtrump
Your FACE at that “listening session”. Disgusting! Trust me. Be glad those hurting didn’t look at you. I am perplexed on if you are just not capable of empathy or if you are genuinely just not bright?
Really? Then why did you sit there SMILING as Sam Zeif and Nicole Hockley spoke? #SandyHook #Parkland #NeverAgain #GunControlNow
She didn’t have her empathy crib notes like her boss.
I could tell by that dumb fake smile on your face among those brave smart kids.
Yeah, look at your face you looked so sad.  You are a nasty woman.
Parkland and other students shining today confirm public education succeeds. Does your advocacy for students include arming teachers for classroom shootouts? Would you arm teachers at charter schools first?
I always thought that despite 30 years in education, 2 masters degrees, and doctorate in education, it was not enough to be considered an expert in education.  But after watching you today I know better.  You are wretched!
Next time you sit in a room with parents and students of school shootings you should at least TRY to keep that smug smile off your face.  It really is incredibly insincere.
Why did you smile repeatedly at today’s “listening meeting”?  You appear incapable of empathy.
She may have investments in arms manufacturing. Wasn’t her brother CEO of Blackwater? #NotInMyClassroom
That smirk sure didn't look that way.
The dazed look on your face during the WH event today said it all-you don’t give a shit about those kids (or any school-age children).  You were only there because you are Sec of Ed and you had to be. You’d rather be busy figuring out how to gut education. #Pathetic
Oh, like when you rolled your eyes at people sharing their stories of gun violence? You're so demeaning. Seriously, you are not that smart. Let someone who knows about education run this department. You have false confidence based on yes-men, O billionaire princess.
Your sickening smile in that listening session was nauseating.  Brainstorming how to profit off these students' fears, do doubt.  You are inhuman.
You actually looked like you were enjoying yourself today. Dumbest person I've ever seen.
So what were you smiling about in room full of parents who lost their children to senseless gun violence? Did something amuse you? Was it the fact that you know this farce your stupid boss arranged won’t lead to any significant change? Or was it how funny it is you have a job?
How many people protect your grandchildren and kids? What exactly are you going to do to make schools safe?

Please help out in wv. Teachers going on strike and no one doing anything. I think it'd be the perfect time to talk charter schools cuz our broke state gov can't perform anymore. Many schools have no heat yearly. @SenCapito @Sen_JoeManchin @realDonaldTrump
Really? I’ve been turning this in for a long time. Just had to make calls today with concerns. So far : no one has listened.
You and the rest of the government does not care about the American people at all!!!!
You don't care crap about these kids, if you did you would not be trying to destroy the public education system
oh miss 'pay for play' is remorseful
You were smiling! They were telling their tragic stories and you were smiling! What the Hell?
Sad that you look like you are smiling during all the stories today that were told. People were crying telling their stories and you couldn't even try to look sad. WTH?! You don't care about anyone at public schools at all.
You have no heart. Please don't lie.
That was a great forum today - sincere people addressing a serious problem - thank you @BetsyDeVosED
You absolutely suck! No question about it.
Does it really? You were on camera quite a bit, and you looked like you were sitting in a fashion board meeting. You have ZERO credibility. I can tell from your tan you haven’t spent a lot of time WORKING, so please do us all a favor and resign.
https://twitter.com/Lisa_Battleaxe/status/966433876167004163 … Sure you are "thoughts and prayers" you don't even support teachers teaching and now you want to make them carry guns? How much NRA $ for you & hubby dear?
Why is Betsy DeVos smiling placidly during these tortured and painful survivor stories?!  Another MAGA ghoul devoid of a soul.  #ParklandStudentsSpeak
YOU CAN DO SOMETHING..... DO IT!
Support them how? By cutting funds? You have no business being within earshot of anything to do with education! Stop! Tearing! My! Country! To! Shreds! Move to russia!
What heart????
I watched you at the listening meetings today.  I don’t know if I would call it a smile or a smirk that was on your face as the people spoke.  You had a teenage boy crying just inches away from you and you did nothing!  No outstretched hand to offer comfort.  Simply heartless
https://twitter.com/wokeluisa/status/966479905092505601 …
It was incredibly sickening to watch you sit beside them and smile as they relived their tragedies and pleaded for help today. Please step into a kindergarten and get yourself some social skills training... and take your boss with you. I think you’ll learn a lot.
you're a #crackpot #hypocrite who doesn't get a thing abt #education only care abt enriching yrslef off of #honest #Americans
If you stand ready, tell your cronies in government to stop taking money from the Satan led NRA.
Less heart & more action Betsy! Here’s an Opp to redeem yourself if you have a conscience! Get your boss to support -“ it’s ridiculous military weapons are available to the general public” Look at other countries. No school shootings in Australia! We are backwards- embarrassing!
Your empty words are belied by your political stances, which serve nobody except your religious jihadists & your wealthy friends. Remember when you said people in schools should armed to ward off grizzly bears? You want to "help"? #GunReformNow
If you really had a heart, you wouldn't have sat there SMILING, while listening to those kids today -- what a piece of work you are!!  Worst and most clueless Secretary of Education ever!!

So how about u stand up for gun control and wipe the smirk off ur face while you meet with parents who lost kids and kids who lost teachers and friends.  I'm guessing u will continue to do nothing but make schools less safe for the disabled, transgendered, and victims of assault
Absolutely disgusting how you smiled throughout the “listening session” today. You’re a sham and a disgrace.
F*ck you.
Do something to protect our kids. And not just the straight ones.
I believe that you are truly sympathetic to the tragedy that hurt the whole community affected by the mass shooting in FL, but unfortunately u live in narrow socio/ economic/cultural group & will never have any insight to make real measurable change to help American children.SAD
Arming teachers. Teachers. My husband is a teacher, not a security guard. He hasn’t had a pay raise in over 8 years. None of the  @brevardcountyfl teachers have. The government won’t give them a pay raise. But, they are trusting and burdening teachers to carry a firearm to work.
Why do you still have a job?
Please resign, then delete this account. Thanks!
Sure you do. #FUCKmaga
#ArmMeWith
I agree! #NotInMyClassroom
Why were you smiling as a survivor recounts the horror he's lived through? Who does that?
I watched on a much larger screen and see that it's not a smile at this point, so I apologize. But at other points in the conversation it was and was so disrespectful.
Can't wait til Donald's out - you'll be out too   @BetsyDeVos
Please work on smaller high schools. They are becoming massive conveyor belts @realDonaldTrump
About 75% of America HATES you. #GunContolNow #CruellaDeVos #HowManyPlanesDoYouNeed #WhyDoYouReallyWantThisJob
You're so full of BS
You're a disgrace and woefully unqualified to be Secretary of Education. #Resign
You don't have a heart.
DO SOMETHING. DO SOMETHING. DO SOMETHING. DO SOMETHING.

And "something" is not giving my child's teacher a gun. It is making sure that people can't have a gun that can murder an entire classroom of 6 year olds in 2 min.
Yeah your so sad that the kids that were killed will no longer be needing the school loans you sell and benefit from.
WHAT were you smiling about today?
"Stand ready to support" with"long conversations" smh
Thank you for meeting with the #ParklandStudentsSpeak students and the parents! I am thankful that you took the time to hear them!
Yeahhhhhhh, we know why you're sitting there smiling.  You and the regime you're a tool of are sick in very fundamental ways.
*scoffs* Hell, sell 'em to the NRA or Frontier Services Group; I'm sure Erik Prinve would make a great superintendent.

You sure are ugly. Inside and out.

Immediate solution, nonlethal, inexpensive, Homeland security in prisons already use it.        https://www.saltsupply.com 
you're pathetic. how much money are you making from this? why were you smiling so much? Dump45 has gotten about$5800 for every dead child this year.  how much is a dead child worth to you?
I wonder if @BetsyDeVosED knows how much the American public hates her, she is the worst thing to happen to the Education system in generations. Her polices hurts students. I can't wait until the democrats get back in power and kick her horrible ass out!
Am I gonna die at school?
I watched these students speak to you, heartfelt.   You were smiling.  What's to smile about? Wrong person for this important job.  Besty, go back to you're pedicures,  hair appts.  Wrong job, wrong person.
HOW???
Where the hell are you in all of this?  Do you actually do ANYTHING?
Yes she does a lot.....of damage to public education and public school kids.
WTF! You sit there listening to those kids heart wrenching stories with tears in their eyes, and you have a stupid smile on your face! What the hell is the matter with you?!
Unless it means going against the NRA.  Right?
Excellent leadership
Wow, your emotionless expression listening to all of the parents and children at today's "listening" session is pathetic.
a LONG conversation ? Really? And oh....wipe the smirk off your face while heartbreaking testimony was given. At least ACT like you care!
With all due respect, the only support that will be accepted is fixing this problem. In fact, fixing this specific problem in our schools should be first and foremost on your agenda. The responsibility lies with you and our President. #nomoreprayers #publichealthhazard
LOOK OUT!!!!! BEARS EVERYWHERE!!!!
hey high school educated EDUCATION secretary, why did you smile through the entire meeting with gun violence victims? I found it oddly inappropriate.
No kidding! right!! What is wrong with her!?! Too much Botox or what!
she always looks insane and creepy, but I was shocked she acted so inappropriately as to smile through the entire SOMBER event.
You've done NOTHING to prevent this despite your unearned and paid for title.
And, there you sit -  knowing you're on national TV - with that fake, pitiful half-smile on your face - acting like you actually care about these people. Give it up, lady! We, the MAJORITY of Americans can see through your act.
Watching you listen to survivors of school shooting with a stupid smile on your face...  Have you know shame
There’s posts all over the internet that David hog is a crisis actor and graduated 2 years ago from a Cal high school. He was not enrolled in the Fl. school. It’s lies.
To finish my point everyday we wake up with the fact another school shooting is possible. As the secretary of Education you should know this. As a teacher for 20 years I have participated in many shooter drills. This situation is unacceptable.
I watched your comment on the Parkland shooting during the President's listening session. I was saddened to hear you say your were "shocked" when you heard about the shooting. We have been having school shooting for the last 20 years.
She was also smiling like an idiot, definitely thinking of all the cash her shit heel brother is going to make from turning schools into private prisons.
tell them that law control needs to pass now, we need to stop selling guns in America, those that died are demanding it from their graves. act now and then we will believe that you really care for america, until you do it, you are another bigot that is crying fake tears!!!
put your republican bigot believes behind and show that you have the character to be a representative of students, it is time to react this is the only thing that needs to be done to honor the murdered children, prayers do not do anything to stop bullets, go to Congress and...
Ms. DeVos,
I have tried for 21 years to get some one to listen to me! My son was BULLIED BY THE TEACHERS, BUS DRIVER & PRINCIPAL ! No one would help me no one would listen. In a matter of fact. They laughed. This is what makes some of these kids angry! No one looks at the school
You speak about protecting our students in today's meeting-yet you have weakened protections for sexual assault victims on school campuses, & weakened protections for our students with disabilities. The best way you could support our students & teachers & make them safer? RESIGN.
yeah, yeah, what are you going to do to support law control in this country, your heart can go wherever you want it to go, stop being a bigot and think about the murdered children, parents WON'T see their children again, you do see them and you see your grand children, ACT NOW!!!
The best thing you can do for our education system is resign so someone who actually has experience in education do the job.....you are an embarrassment to educators and women
You fcking moron..save your thoughts n prayers ... shallow words from a moron
What heart? Crazy ass lunatic!
How does it feel for students of ALL ages everywhere in US to begin marching against your failed policies, decisions, ideas & other assorted DeLost ideas?  You're an abject failure as a leader-wannabe.  Go back home & stay. You've nothing positive to contribute to ed whatsoever
Do your job w/o the NRA influencing your decisions this time.
You. Are. Evil.
I hope you get what you deserve. U and God know the truth about who u are. I'm not trying to use the Lords name in vein I just want to remind u that he knows the truth. 

To me you are as bad as the president except you don't care about citizen children either. 
Please quit.
Why haven't you visited the school or gone to any of the families and spoken to them? You're the Secretary of Education this happened on your watch and on your territory!
she doesn't make money from that
