So fund all public schools equally.
In Maryland Baltimore city schools receive much more funding per student than the surrounding counties why are they failing when the rest of the state succeeds
SE differences, among other things. Children are not widgets, and they don’t arrive at school with “blank slates.”
You were the one calling for equal funding. So which is it the counties get more or the city gets less?

They did you a favor.
You know another thing I didn't seen on that 60 min inter.? A competent and organized sec. of ed..... All the nation got was a grinning fool... spin it all you want. thats what nation saw.
"Every child should have the opportunity to pay my corporate friends for their crappy charter/private education, while depriving others of critical funds that would help them with theirs." You're an idiot...
Betsy at her finest: I give lots of my daddys/husbands money away to private schools, look at me! I'm so amazing! Totally not an incompetent fool increasing the inequalities/inequities in schools 
You are a joke and should never have been considered for this position
You have money.  And little intelligence.  Goodbye.   ITS ALL ABOUT MONEY.  BIG @GOP DONORS
The world saw that you don’t know what your doing... too late to try and hide it now #fedup #resign
You have some serious issues.  One of them isn’t your upcoming MENSA test.
Yes our youth definitely need more options...contact us for a demo http://stemstars.org 
Only in America..only under the Obama Education Process..Can U Pass High School With A 60 Grade..Sad.
Even if they had shown your response it proves nothing other than your true ignorance about PUBLIC SCHOOLS!
Homey, if you have to keep defending yourself, then you were seriously unprepared for your interview.
Spend your time reading about how to do your job instead of playing on Twitter, dingbat.
Lady you aren’t well informed at all. Money got you this position. You are horrible for our students.
We and the American education school systems are fortunate and lucky to have you..Thank You.
Genuinely confused as to why/how you think that answer and this tweet make you look good... #fail
Clearly money does not make you intelligent or common sense.  Go back to Michigan and bake some cookies please.  There is a nursing home that needs a bingo caller.  So EMBARRASSING
You looked like an idiot who couldn’t answer very very simple questions.  

It wasn’t 60 minutes’ fault.  

It was your fault.
You have done so much damage already to the nation's educational system, close to the horrendous situation you left in Michigan. #FireDeVos #BetsyDeVos
Kindly step down.
You know less about education than the average high schooler. Spend a few years in an underperforming school THEN come back and give us your input. #Imposter
oh, another thing i didnt see? how you were also placed in that pos because of your brother...where was he Jan 11, 17? oh yeah, making back door com arrangements with rus...yeah, i think they forgot to put that in the interview too...
the fact you think your response is worth getting out there shows a level of ignorance that Should blow my mind but, unfortunately, does not.
I’m happy that you did give a response. It’s sad how mean & nasty ppl can be.
Betsy I have to quote James Baldwin. “I can’t Believe what you say because I see what you do.”
STOP!!! You don’t know what you’re doing! You need to resign! All you say is school choice. Go to a school that isn’t performing well and fix it. That’s what you should do! Oh, but you don’t know how as evidenced in the charters that you have opened. Please resign for our kids!!!
Shut up, Boughtsy DeLusional. YOU HAVE ALWAYS BEEN INCOMPETENT. YOU WERE NEVR QUALIFIED TO EVEN BE PTA PREZ! YOU FAILED IN YOUR HEARINGS. YOU CANNOT ANSWER BASIC QUESTIONS ABOUT OUR EDUCATION SYSTEM. YOU BOUGHT YOUR WAY INTO THIS POSITION. YOU ARE A DISGRACE TO EDUCATION.
you have no clue as to what you are doing - I know you bought your job, but you should really step down - you are a national joke
EAT SHIT DEVOS

You can buy a job. But you clearly can't buy brains empathy. 

The world is worse for you being in it.
Way to go, you just made @SarahPalinUSA look smart.

If you did your job, choice wouldn't be a necessary idea in schooling. Your job is to actually try to ensure that all, as in each and every one, public schools are a great place to learn. Every school would work. Don't lazily dismiss public schools & blindly embrace private ones.
Resign, @BetsyDeVosED
You’re unqualified for the job you paid @realDonaldTrump to get. Have you no shame? Resign.
If every child should learn at their pace, why are you gutting special education?
Betsy ... I saw your interview. I don’t like you, your boss, your policies, your experience (or lack thereof), your ideas, or your bigotry. But omg you are so over your head I almost cringed for you. Almost. #ResignNOW
Oh Betsy Betsy - you bought your way into the cabinet post without the qualifications to do the job and now it’s catching up with you and you can’t handle the heat - resign before you are fired
Fair bit yourctravk record in Michigan would not back up this assertion.
The #RightToArmAgainstBears Movement & it's leader,
@BetsyDeVosED.
Delete your account
Not everyone has wealthy parents who flood private schools with their dim witted children and throw money in donations to pass them through without them learning a thing. You’re the proof we see of those results.

via @LOLGOP Scary, clueless Betsy DeVos is a great reminder that if you work hard, never give up, you'll still lose out to a billionaire - even though she's ignorant, elitist, isolated & has never worked a day, w/ no education, experience, but has the $$ to control others in US
Resign! You are an embarrassment to the noble profession of Education.
Hey ass-clown! Are you ready to resign yet, or do you want to spend another 12 months humiliating yourself and dismantling the public school system?

I vote for option 1
Betsy DeVos...

Your misguided...RESIGN NOW
A completely privatized system where the money follows the child wherever their parents choose to send them, administration and bureaucracy reduced to a minimum, teachers with nearly complete autonomy, and competition not politicians determining winners and losers would be ideal.
And the money  from where ?
I’d like to see your formula for this And how it creates a free and fair system of public education across the nation.
Here is a sample proposal.  http://tcfarmer1.blogspot.com/2012/11/education-reform-proposal.html … 
    HopeH is right, the Department of Education is just a bureaucratic nightmare and a complete waste of money, and should be abolished.  Education should be as local as possible.
Another reason the inefficiency of government run education does not work can be seen here. https://www.heritage.org/sites/default/files/~/media/images/reports/2012/10/bg2739/chart1750.jpg ….
While our spending on education per student has exploded, our children’s educational achievement has completely stalled. We need a paradigm shift in our ed. system
How does that graft show government run education doesn’t work ? Because of an increase in non teaching staff ? Custodians, Secretaries, resource officers ,nurses, guidance counselors ?
You think tweeting your response to this question makes you look BETTER??? You’re even more delusional than I thought. In case you were wondering, that means you belong in the loony bin.
Let me make sure I understand: You failed to prepare for an interview, then failed miserably in the interview, and have spent all of your time since then making excuses for what actually happened.  You do know that great leaders take responsibility for their actions, right?
Face it, you are a box of rocks
Resign Betsy, you’re a liar. #resignBetsy #VoteOutGOP  #ImpeachTrump
You got owned because you are uninformed and basically stupid. Your plans are failing which means you are failing. You should do us all a favor and quit
That was a response ur saying? That was giberish... Rish kids? And u didn't even answer the question... Ur declining pay is a lie... It was embarrassing for me to watch. That's crazy. Please resign. And posting this just makes u look worse.
QUIT!!
You say that but at the same time you want to take money away from schools that are already struggling
Your interview on 60 Minutes was as disastrous as the answers you gave in your confirmation hearing. You’re as Inept like Sarah Palin.
Hey Bets! Pro-tip: google “school” before being interviewed about school.
This is still horrifyingly accurate:
It’s barely satire.
yup.
1. I’m sure your hearts in the right place
2. You are like Lenny from “Of Mice and Men”, you love education so much but your not qualified to take care of it and your going to squeeze it till it’s head pops off.
3. Use your wealth to help the poor, you’ll do less damage with soup
How embarrassing every time she talks about education and proves she knows nothing!
A bored billionaire that bought her title.  Sad!
Meanwhile, there were children attending school with no heat this winter!
She had no interest in visiting those schools.
Obviously!
I love literally every tweet you write to these silly goons
Thank you Tia! it's more therapeutic than anything, although I do spend my morning meditations visualizing them all spontaneously combusting. & I'm taking a wizards & warlocks class at night school, so conjuring up a wicked spell! here's to future leaders guided by #light & love

Soooo.... stop the lip service. What happened to private school vouchers and real change in the socialist school system that teaches socialism. Have you  been assimilated?
And your system has not worked in Michigan. And it does not work in Miami Dade County. Pay teachers more. Fix and repair crumbling schools. Invest in the arts and music and afterschool programs, technology programs and apprenticeship programs.
Every child should have quality education.  Put in federal funding for underfunded public schools.  Nah, that would make too much sense.
But you miss the point - how about the MILLIONS of kids whose families struggle to make ends meet and simply are choosing the time to put food on the table over spending the time to look for the “right” school?  Should the school they attend be just as good as your charter school
This was pretty embarrassing. DeVos should stick with being rich.
If you are the product of private education, I thank God for my public school education. You do not understand education. I suggest you try a 100 level course like American Education in Theory and Practice, might help, can't hurt

Your INCOMPETENCE is well known since your Senate hearing, but you still SURPRISE us! We could not expect anything different from a @realDonaldTrump nominee: out for your own profit and business, not to SERVE! 
Pathetic! #Resign if you have any SHAME!
Here's Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos unable to answer basic questions about public education. 
Why couldn't you have bought an ambassadorship instead of a cabinet position?
yes- lets hold on to that little nugget (thats a basic tenant of education)- meanwhile you have no control/idea of what is going on in your department or in the classrooms- how about you come do what we do for a month- that should shed some light into what you know nothing about
I saw that part of the interview, which by the way does make you look good at all..and yes that is true at every school. NOT NEWS.. time for you to go and get someone with real education background. help provide more resources not less.
My guess is Betsy can't read, or doesn't care enough to. Just about every comment reminds her how ill-equipped she is for this job. A decent person would give it up...
I kept cringing during that interview.  It was unbelievable and not in a good way.  Please resign.
“Every child” except for children in public school, children protected under civil rights guidelines, children in need of special education, etc. Choice doesn’t mean what you think it means.

Time to resign.

You bombed....this is on you. You are unqualified for the position you hold. Time and again YOU have shown your incompetence. Own it.
Agreed
Resign!
Help expose DeVos and support Schoolhouse Wreck by Jason Linkins with Phil Lewis,
How can a question be misguided?
Did you not intentionally respond but meant to, but intentionally didn't, because you thought you had intentionally never responded because you had intentionally responded several times, prior to not responding because you intentionally refused to remember to respond?

Sorry but I’m almost certain you are totally lost.  Why didn’t u prepare? I never thought u were qualified for this position.  This is where “money can buy you anything”. I’m sorry.
A tragic and unprepared interview....@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @usedgov
Ignorance and being intellectually challenged are 2 different issues. Sadly, you are both.
Words, and words only. You repeated that over and over again, instead of answering the actual questions. You have no clue about what to do, except undermine public education.
I was really hoping you would publish the recipe for the word salad you served on 60 Minutes. It seems like your specialty.
You looked very uneducated during this interview.  You danced around every question that was asked.  It’s as if you have no clue about public schools.  How you were appointed to this position is a mystery.
We’ve yet to see your education credentials as well.
It was a waste of 60 Minutes time to even have a unqualified person on the show. Bet they'll think twice next time!
oh we saw quite a lot betsy and it is not very pretty
Your confirmation hearing told me everything I needed to know about your qualifications, Miss Grizzly Bear. You are not good at this job. Your billionaire status has you woefully out of touch with the average American. Please resign.
safd
This is nothing to brag about. Show us facts!
Betsy, you are the only misguided one. Your mistaken ideas and ill placed enthusiasm for ridiculous ideas will ruin America for generations to come.
Dumber than a bag of hammers. I pray Jesus comes back, gives all your money to the poor, kicks the usurers out of your church and resurrects your brain cells. I know that last one is damn near impossible but it would restore faith of many to see these miracles! Or Just #Resign
Stop embarrassing yourself and resign before you do any more damage to the children of our country. You are the poster child for entitled, out of touch plutocracy.
Yea and yet you are limiting people by their income.
Ok let's be honest - you're not qualified .  @realDonaldTrump isn't either and I'll only be satisfied when you're both back doing whatever it is you did before you were in office
You just proved that money bought your position because no way in hell do you have a clue. SAD
You seriously need to resign tomorrow. You’re a rich pampered out of touch miscreant who bought your WH job w donations to #OrangeCancer and you’re totally cluelessly incompetent.  #ResignBetsy
This is the tweet equivalent of the badly forged "note from mom" as to why your paper was late. Much like a decent school teacher, we also call bullshit, and don't accept it.
Everyone in these United States saw how unprepared and incompetent you are.  You’re a disgrace.  Our kids deserve so much more.  #shame
You are a disgrace Betsy.  Your nothing but a money hungry parasite, and like a parasite you suck.  Maybe if you talked to the students and teachers as individuals , but even then you probably wouldn't care.

Read this and get a clue.
You are in over your head!
#loser
I live in Australia and saw this interview. It is apparent you have no idea what you are talking about and you are so unqualified to be Secretary Of Education.
I prefer "fact-based management" to "faith-based management"

That's why I can't see that reducing funding of schools for poorer kids either improves education outcomes for poorer kids or supports your waffling statements in your video.

BTW Google "school" and "education". Now.
You're an out of touch idiot.
Someone is awfully sensitive about that 60 minutes interview.  Leslie owned you.
Everyone knows you were appointed by that pig to destroy education. That's the right wing strategy. Keep 'em stupid so they're easier to control.
You are a dope and a half @BetsyDeVosED - we know what you are, and you showed it brilliantly. Go home.
There were no misguided questions, Betsy; only misguided answers..
If you think that is hard.. try hibernating for 5–7 months each year! No seriously try hibernating.
Brace yourself little lady. The prez is soooo setting you up to be the fall gal at the attempt to get you to head a commission. He knows you’re not qualified. He’s muy stupido, but not that stupido.
I think we saw enough to know how vapid, unqualified and out of touch you are. #School #Teachers
You shouldn’t be allowed to get paid until your job performance improves.
Zip code is some racist code language in this context. You & Snyder pillaged schools in Michigan & made them worse. You took advantage of at risk populations & gave them more hurdles for your benefit. You should be ashamed. But your fam is in Putin’s circle so? Job well done.
#LoveYouBetsyDeVos #SincerelyFromAmerica
The two most important things conservatives can do to take back our country;
1) take back our schools so we can teach our children correctly
2) keep our gun rights, because the 2nd amendment protects all of the other rights
Are you trying for extra credit, Betsy? You have failed.
This interview was just as bad as the one Sarah Palin did on 60 Minutes. You have,no business being in education. God help our children.

Please, stop. You need to resign and go back to your mansion and never come out.
You are as incompetent as they come.
Trump flunky.....   resign while you still have a shred of decency left....
So ignorant to the realities of public school education. You are an embarrassment & a fraud to the department of education you paid for. Disgusting.
Damage control is too little too late. Go back to peddling your Amway crap.
Betsy, The REALITY for SpEd kids is suffer in Public w/pull-outs all day (that inflict self-doubt, shame, public embarrassment, anxiety) w/NO MORE THAN “de minimis” IEP goals.  OR, beg, borrow & steal $50K/yr 4 Private Dyslexia School. YES, I feel TRAPPED, wouldn’t U? #FAPEDenied
@BetsyDeVosED where were all these “intelligent” answers last night? You have absolutely NO IDEA about anything to do with public education. 
#youareadisgracetostudentsandteacherseverywhere
Why isn’t investing in differentiated programs and placements within public schools an option? More kids would ultimately benefit. But realistically, Betsy, if class sizes were smaller, education would be more equitable for ALL students.
The only “misguided” thing about this interview is that you were unprepared to even pretend you know what you’re doing.   You’re a disgrace.
SOC does not help those families that need transportation miles away from their neighborhood school. I am highly embarrassed by your performance and lack of moral compass in regards to being in bed with Trump.
They should get gun safety training from the sixth grade on. Have gun education, safety classes.
The reason US schools under-perform other developed nations is that we allow nonsense like creationism to be taught side-by-side with evolution.
Teachers being paid by merit system should be considered for their benefit and students.  Parents should give 30 min a week to volunteer help in class, assisted supervision of students to help them understand the teacher's job. When are you killing Common Core???
Face it, you could not answer simple questions.  You were a disaster during your confirmation hearing and you have learned nothing since.  Your money could not buy you a brain.  Resign and stop hurting children.
A true Trumpian. Blame 60 minutes for your inability to answer questions and your general incompetence.
Well she could have blamed #stillwithher or #ImissObama #Throwherout
.@BetsyDeVosED is a CROOK funneling student debt to HER collection agency.
Resign!
You’re a global laughing stock! Step down before you make an even bigger idiot of yourself!
If you can t make your point during an interview and have to defend yourself on twitter than clearly you aren’t intelligent enough to hold the position your in. My fiancée who happens to be a teacher at a charter school thinks your a complete joke, along with her co workers.
Girl bye. Just because you donate money to schools doesn’t mean you know what’s best for students. Carnegie was deep in philanthropy yet he was still abusing workers.
You showed you're not qualified for the job that you bought. Time to quit.
#Unqualified #inoveryourhead #for-profit #sellout you should have heard what my high school kids said about your ignorance.
I’m not that smart, but even I can see that you’re a farce. “You can fool some of the people some of the time, but you can’t fool all the people all the time.” 
You have no idea what you’re doing. Lol! Another Trump flunkee. 
I think you would be better served by getting a spin doctor to try and help you overcome your terrible performance- which clearly demonstrated that you are way over your head.
Betsy on visiting underprivileged schools "I never intentionally visited one". Unedited " eww they have poor people in them" ewwww".
PIGPIGPIGPIGPIGPIGPIGPIGPIG
The other thing we didn't see on your pathetic interview on 60 Minutes was your resignation. Many Americans already knew you're an idiot who bought your way into the cabinet. You merely confirmed it. Resign Betsey. Maybe you can work for your brother as a mercenary.
I'd like to see your accounts going down. It's just not believable.
Frankly, it's probably time to accept that this job is not for you.  If your faith is strong enough, perhaps you can accept following the Biblical path of wives - making casseroles and standing back to accept a more quality leadership. Praise be. @BetsyDeVosED
Just saw 60 minute interview. Be honest you are not qualified and need to resign.
As teachers, that is our basic belief. And talk about zip code-au contraire-.  So many charter are elitist and actually find ways to remove students from their rolls when they do not fit the “profile”.
Agreed... had many students return to public school after being “kicked out” of charter.
You have full pockets but no brains, the children of this country are screwed
You need to resign, woman. You are clearly unqualified for making decisions about educating America's children. Do the right thing. Now.
The Ds are really opposed to the idea!!
Is it true you will be playing the head coach of the opposing team in the new Mighty Ducks movie? I heard you have a line of dialogue in there where you're all like, "Slash those poor kids' ankles like I did their budget! Kill those Ducks!"

No amount of damage control will make people forget that disastrous interview and how profoundly unqualified you are for the job you bought. What an embarrassment!
Research shows when you compare Charters  to public schools with same demographics charters do no better and in some instances worse.
If you care about educating our underserved you would support and showcase public schools and teachers who every day care about our children.
You are the most incompetent con artist ever.
#BetsyDeVos has been generous in her giving. Mostly to Christian Private schools. If you go to one of those expensive schools that might help you. But if you go to public schools you are out of luck especially with her in charge of our Education system.
