don't think it matters much what you think
betsy, what have you been doing about how teacher's are treating students that back the president of the United States???  It's disgusting reading story after story of children being bullied by TEACHERS because they support the President. Tell teachers to keep their politics out
For every liberal teacher there are just as many right wing nut teachers who handle kids who aren’t  jingoists the way you claim liberal teachers treat students who don’t support orange clown.  Arizona is a good place to start looking if you were curious.
Lol
The current administration feels that cuts to public education are essential.  I'm sure this show wouldn't have lasted a week under the current administration.  Our public schools cannot take any more cuts and we need properly experienced people in charge.
They did much more for all children then you ever will. #resign
You missed every episode.
All of her fans missed them, too!
What fans??? They have all deserted her
It was fantastic. You should have watched it.
Both science and God are watching you. Use your moment wisely.
True.  You know who won't be missed when they are no longer in office and busy stripping away the rights and protections of students?  I'll give you two times one guesses.
You did that with no words spelled incorrectly. Very good.  Now resign
Why do you hate Black Children Betsy?
The Department of Education was investigating why black students in central Texas were almost four times as likely as white students to be suspended.…
Betsy how did American History become an elective instead of a required subject. And when are you bringing  prayer back to the schools
Separation of Church and State.
She doesn’t understand American History
@BetsyDevosED. Please start taking charge of our School Curriculum. Can you not see how the Communists have infiltrated it & changed everything? If you are pleased with what our innocent children are learning, then you don't deserve your position.
What have the communists done to the curriculum?
Perversion, Humanism, Common Core, for starters.
But what is a curricular example of any of those items?
It's the dumbing down. The Political Correction run amok. No more teaching of cursive writing. The rewriting of our TRUE History. Common Core Math & the stupidity of it. I believe the Dept of Education needs to take a stand & bring back the Bible to the classroom.
Cursive is taught 

What history has been changed, Texas deleted stuff, but that was their sovereign choice. 

there is nothing new in CC math,in fact a lot of old algorithms and thinking have been resurrected. 

The dept of ed cannot mandate a curriculum, states rights.
Thx for info. No cursive in FL or MA. As a matter of fact, kids can't even read & understand it. Not even sure why we have a Dept of Education if everything is left to the States. Seems strange that there's NO prayer in any Public School in Conservative areas. Who forbids that
Your welcome.

The seperation of church and state forbids that it be led by those in charge,  it doesn't stop children from paying on their own or if their religion requires prayer at certain times. 

7 hours a day without the bible will be okay if parents are doing their job
You should watch it! You would benefit from it
Blah, blah, blah. Shut up, you fucking idiot.

The Department of Education was investigating why black students in central Texas were almost four times as likely as white students to be suspended.…
78 retweets and 270 likes. Looks like you aren’t really famous anymore, just infamous.
Amen.
I smoked dope with Bob Dorough about 30 years ago. Beautiful man.
And your destroying generations of children, please do us all a favor and resign
Left up to you it never would have been on air
RIP
Lifelong advocate for schools and children. Name one thing you have done.
Hypocrisy!!
So why not launch a new version now? You are nothing but a cheerleader for the work you are now undoing. Resign.
You’re a damned disgrace. You’re obviously a shallow, horrible human being. Your decisions are cruel and callous and highly misinformed. Unqualified, dangerous, and disastrous for education - resign.
I also grew up with Scoolhouse Rock.  We want to educate about #Peace and make it fun for people of all ages and nations. @swamiumeshyogi #GlobalPeaceEducaton
But he was part of past traditional education... Which you consistently have negative comments on. Does this mean you are Flip-floping? Or patronizing?
Yes. Arts education is crucial to creating a well-rounded individual. What are you doing to protect it?
When are you going to end "COMMON CORE?" 

COMMON CORE example....

Directions to my house...
You are 5 miles from me. You can be here in 10 minutes but, I want you to go through four counties to get here. You should be here in three hours. 

Ridiculous...Pathetic...BS
#Resign
Now, teaching kids was never a way to get rich. However, being a  schoolteacher used to put you solidly in the middle class, with a decent  income and benefits. In much of the country, however, that is no longer true. https://www.nytimes.com/2018/04/23/opinion/teachers-protest-education-funding.html?rref=collection%2Fsectioncollection%2Fopinion-columnists …
FUND MORE!!!
You bought your job.

Betsy DeVos's mission is to destroy public education in America (witness her constant attempts to de-fund public ed), and replace it with fundamentalist indoctrination camps, thinly disguised as private/charter "schools."
It's Ed. Dept. Jeopardy!
Answer:  Reading, history, and math
Question:  What are 3 things Betsy DeVos opposes?
Omg get real.....
You don’t care about this. You don’t care about students, kindness, or decency. You are cancer.
He was a terrific American.  You are hurting Americans.
You know what would help all of American teens for generations to come? Technical/Trade schools brought back to high school like the 80’s. I would bet my life on it!
They still do!!! 
You'd rather have "schoolhouse glock" #armtheteachers? #protectusfrombears
@BetsyDeVosED probably the only thing with which we shall agree.
Oh, my fave episode was when they treated disabled and gay kids like shit and then armed the teachers with guns. So much fun, right?
Clearly you did not learn the lessons Mr Dorough presented on civics & government!  SAD!
I don't often call a Cabinet secretary an evil piece of shit, because it seems rude.

But sometimes, DeVos, the shoe fits.
and now you and your ilk are ruining public education in our country!  You are the worst!
Did I dumb down my message enough for u?
The only lesson you’ve helped anyone learn is that money can’t buy intelligence. That, and no one will miss you when you’re gone. That’s your valuable lesson.
Yea, music’s important! Fund it!
So obviously you never watched any if his programs.  And have you done anything about school safety yet???
Exactly.  My son received a death threats at school.  The boy told my son he wished he was dead and if he would get a gun he would kill him.  School system and police failed him. I tweeted DeVos. Nothing
Maybe share the videos with #IdiotInChief  and watch them with him. 
$$ can buy a lot of things but as you and @realDonaldTrump have shown, it can't buy intelligence.
#corrupttothecore
Stop pretending you know anything about education or how children learn. Resign.
Cez what? you are UNQUALIFIED to lead a walking campus tour, Sec Scamway. Pack your bags you're going to  uni. where you'll earn no credits but you're a bigot, an aspiring oligarch, so who needs them.
I'll give you credit, you could have lied when you were asked about protecting children from discrimination. Instead you tried dancing around the question so much it became apparent you're a bigot, discriminating woman. How much did it cost to buy your position?
Can I borrow the amount plus 1 penny so I can take the job? I'd be a terrible ED but at least I won't try to hurt children with disabilities, children of color,LGBT, or a different religion.
Betsy, to bad 45 never watched it. It shows how an actual bill is passed.
You didn’t even know who he was... go all ya’lll
You and many are exploiting the poor. This is a gross misuse of funding. You have no business teaching our children. 
You know what helped? Funded schools in MI. You destroyed that. You hurt lives. You still do.
Math. English, social studies. American history, world history....
Ect,etc,ect......
Bob will be missed, but you won't be.
America hates you.
It’d be nice if @POTUS would watch a few episodes.
And just think Betsy. One day soon, well, hopefully sooner than later, we'll be saying how much your not missed.
Yup - he did more than you ever will.
We went from “Schoolhouse Rock” to Dumb as a Rock with Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education. VERY SAD for our children.
Kind of you...But you have NOTHING in common w the great Bob Dorough.
Is this how you learned how a bill becomes a law? Is this the only way? Because teachers use this as supplemental material. That means we use it as an aid in a lesson, it's not the entire lesson. Which means as good as Schoolhouse Rock is, you can't learn from it alone.
"Schoolhoust Rock!" featured in video WATCH https://youtu.be/ZCL2HQe6BuQ    about HITTING students hit wBoards by adults as pain punishment in America's Fed Tax$ funded PUBLIC&PRIVATE RELIGIOUS SCHOOLS #HR160 "The Ending Corporal Punishment in Schools Act" DYING in CONGRESS 5th TIME!
#SchoolhouseRock I'm just a bill featured in video https://youtu.be/ZCL2HQe6BuQ    re HITTING students hit wBoards by adults as pain punishment in US Fed Tax$ funded PUBLIC&PRIVATE RELIGIOUS SCHOOLS #HR160 "The Ending Corporal Punishment in Schools Act" DYING in CONGRESS 5th TIME!
He did more for education than you ever will, no matter how hard you buy your way into positions for which you are hilariously unqualified.
That was SO CLOSE!!!
I almost liked and retweeted!
Thankfully the article is tweetable itself.
Betsy: please do not pretend you know anything about education. Resign and make our Dept. Of Education immediately better. Tweeting about Schoolhouse Rock after your latest moves to remove IDEA protections is just egregious.
Even if she resigns now, the damage she just did is devastating.
The Department of Education was investigating why black students in central Texas were almost four times as likely as white students to be suspended.…
Unlike a certain secretary of education
If only some of our legislators had learned how to make a bill into a law instead of making a mockery of the legislative branch.
Very sad news! Schoolhouse Rock is and American icon!
Please refresh your memory and remember how powerful this program was.
Unlike you, he helped countless people. #resign
No. My public school teachers did that.
Im sure your ALL IN on video teaching. No need to have instructors for low life blue collar white or non white children. That way instructors can be used at private schools, voucher users, charter schools and the MIDDLE CLASS can pay your rich ass way through life
You are not qualified to be in your position, same as the majority of this administration. Please, resign and go away.
You know who else helped entire generations of kids across the country learn valuable lessons on reading, math and history? PUBLIC SCHOOL TEACHERS!!!

A real favorite!!!
His corpse would be 10x more qualified for your job than you. RIP.
You WON’T be missed
When are you going to get ISLAM out of our schools and stop these ridiculous national walk out days? Please respond to this tweet. @realDonaldTrump @VP
School walk outs will stop when Congress acts. And public schools by law neither endorse nor condemn any world religions.
Remember the episode where they dismantled protections for students with disabilities? NEITHER DO I
Shut up Betsy.
I see you are the result of the previous administration education.
Yes. He will be missed. But Betsy, seriously, you have no business working in anything education.
Something wong with her?
Awe, YES I really thought that was educational and couldn’t wait to hear it on Saturday morning
Someone who actually did something to educate and improve the lives of children. You should take notes. And I don’t mean pay someone to take notes for you then do nothing with them.
Such a sad elitist,  time to grow up

