#DidYouKnow Florida is the only state that showed significant improvement in grade 4 and grade 8 mathematics between 2015 and 2017? #FLedu #NAEPDay #NAEP @NAEP_NCES…
Funny. Florida one of only two states that managed to cut public education funding by more than 20 percent in three years following the recession, which @KiraboJackson research shows causes major harm. Hammered education so hard that there was nowhere to go but up recent years.
Are you going to praise Boston Public Schools, which showed significant gains for 8th graders?
Remind me, what is their nationwide ranking....
Because they were so low
Massachusetts has continued to lead the nation. When will you be talking to educational leaders here? Better still, when will you truly put our kids first and recognize that you have no qualifications and resign?
What’s the difference?  If you want to see progress in NY - you’ll just adjust the scores and show progress or lack there of - whatever you want it to be!  So I ask.... what does it really matter???
It's not anyone's job to compare a state to state...you are a data researchers dream opponent.  Like playing dodgeball against 3rd graders.

Public Schools !!!!
@BetsyDeVosED stop the liberal indoctrination of our children.
It’s taken decades to get there?
I commend you for being steadfast in your absolute denial of reality in regards to public education, which coincidentally, only improves your bottom line. #RedForEd

You know NOTHING about education.  You bought your job.
I don't understand why Elaine L. Chao transfers her career from transportation to education? Trump: We want school buses to be outsourcing with local bus company but we can send old school buses to Cuba/Africa. This make US stronger!!
I grew up in Florida. Going from super shitty to slightly less shitty is not an improvement.
As a head of education department in US, shall understand how to use education as a peaceful power but know danger of knowledge controlled by bad guy. IEEE(LHC,ITER), JEE, push them and ask for their conclusion. Google, Facebook,too. Trump's highly expectation.
Did you know that unqualified people like you, misinterpret the raw data of NAEP scores and thus create “FAKE NEWS”. Furthermore, they use their skewed interpretation as reasoning for implementing faulty education policies such as NCLB, RTTT, and ECAA.
Bets...do you really think FL is the one state that has it all figured out?  Come on, you can’t possibly be serious with this tweet.  Talk about interpreting data to suit your ideology.  Guess what, many people like myself are smarter than that. Nice try though. #FAPEForAll
Is that OK for U?
Vocational High School Teaching Cooperation with Company Certificated System and Overseas Jobs Training Taking Southeast Asia as an Example--National Changhua University of Education

Schools may need additional lessons for the collection of smart students together to study high level Math, If students want to get in a tech school, they prefer spending time on job training. healthcare, factory security, labor law..,protect their own right.  Identify  both.
I proposed that primary school students prepare high level math for their University. However, they need to study violin or piano lessons in high school if they want to be engineers.This will spare time for other studies during 20 years old. Genius are few but practice more.
Hi Betsy!  Do you see the portrait in my Twitter?  My daughter painted this in her art class at Pullman Public High School.  Her art teacher was Rob McPherson.  She went to RISD on a full merit scholarship.  Do you know any people like her?
Is Florida next to dallas...lol
Did you pay off Calvin College to give you passing grades?
Florida ranks #29 in national ranking of public schools....not a benchmark.  Pull your head out of your ass, stop trying to defund our public education system and examine states that know what they are doing! (MA, NJ, CT, VT, etc.).  WE SEE YOU! #FireDeVos #Corrupt
Just go away

Mueller's team is examining a series of previously unreported meetings that took place in 2017 in the Seychelles, two sources briefed on the investigation tell NJ. com.…
You have told Oklahoma teachers to serve the students. WTF have YOU ever done without getting $$$?!  How about YOU serve this country instead of trying to destroy it?!
This is not true - check other states
@BetsyDeVosED Without googling or making your underlings do your dirty work, tell me what continued efforts the teachers made. Please explain the reforms you cite. I don’t think you know any specifics because you aren’t an educator and you don’t visit struggling schools.
  
Of course Beasty DeVos supports Florida.  Florida is leading the fight for superstition-based education in America.
Lady, it’s really obvious you do not support students. You are kind of ignorant in the needs of students, teachers or education. Speaking from a teacher’s standpoint.
Clueless!!! Just be quiet!!
That’s because people relocated here from other states .
But what has it done for Michigan, where you've spent millions of dollars to create what has been termed "the wild west" in Detroit?
https://amp.freep.com/amp/77155074 
The only constant in Trump’s cabinet is how bad you suck.
Florida also home to the latest school massacre. Get rid of the guns if you care.
And leading the way in urban education is @MDCPS where we lead the way in school choice WITHIN the public education system. We give students options without stealing from our public schools and our highest need students. And we could do even more with appropriate funding!!!
And of course... there is this little nugget from @MiamiSup
Imagine how much they could accomplish without your systemically perverse policies constantly getting in the way. I would imagine that someone with your kind of money could financially afford a clue. Betsy in a nutshell 


I also commend the students, teachers, administrators and support staff of Florida. They have accomplished a great deal despite idiotic politicians pillaging public education. Great job educators in your perpetual pursuit and dedication to students. Betsy and politics..go away.
You are unqualified to be a cabinet member! Resign.
Wow. Slicing it pretty thin there, Betsy. Could it be because Florida’s students were math morons before 2015?
Two years of growth after decades of effort? Lol. Bad example Betsy. Florida is considered a terrible state for education.
Are these schools in the Mar Lago school district?  You are so unqualified for this position.
Come on Betsy! So, are you implying the education systems in the other 49 states don’t care about children? The tool you use to measure quality doesn’t measure quality. We wouldn’t use a teaspoon to measure height.
Yes Minnesota continues to do very well on the nation's report card.  If Minnesota were a stand alone country we would have score that would be competitive with the top foreign countries
Are you serious? They remove low performers and put them in special schools, like Cruz, so they don't screw up test scores. Smoke and mirrors.  It's called "Cleaning House"
I teach in FL and this is not a practice I’ve observed.  But a more common practice is to put a specialized magnet program in a struggling school, attracting higher performing students to boost test scores of that school without actually changing the amount of learning.
https://www.browardschools1.com/domain/1683  last full paragraph...in reality, its a dumping ground for kids in diversion programs, juvie, and low scores.
Devos is a total disgrace to our country and is allowing sexual assaults on college campus to go unchecked. #sad
This is a joke, right?
no one likes you becky
We need to teach our children the most important values in all of life, & most importantly Spiritual food & exercise then we would have a more secure culture & society. We all Need a healthy Spirit; Sound Guidance & moral values for the abundant life! LOVE, LIFE & PEACE ~in Jesus
How dare this lady! She said that #OklahomaTeachersWalkout
Teachers need to serve the students. How does one serve 30 kids, sufficiently? either paying for supplies themselves or the kids go without. I know teachers that have to buy their own copy paper.
Public school teachers focus on students every day.  What they need is our, and YOUR, support and resources to continue that important work.  Instead they are insulted, undermined, and denied the support and resources they need to educate our kids. Stop being part of the problem!
You are the definition of a corporate tool
How much you making off FL education?
Guns for all teachers?!
oh lord, Betsy, are you aware of the fact that Florida has some of the worst elementary and high schools in the country? jesus christ......your crusade to push charter schools, CHRISTIAN FUNDAMENTALIST charters & use public funds to do is truly destructive
You know that public schools made this happen, right? Not charters, etc.
4th-8th grade only, math only, and 2015-17 only. Anyone could cherry pick data like that and make anything look good. The Sec. of Ed should know as much.
resign
Betsy DeVos to Oklahoma teachers: "Serve the students"....what about if you do the same as "secretary of education"?  SERVE THE STUDENTS AND STOP BEING A DUB BIGOT!
Really? Students graduate and only know how to do Common Core.  They can’t figure out tip for a server, a bank account or a mortgage! Lets celebrate! Students know how to take a test, and that is it! We don’t even have books anymore!
That's a rather narrow data set.
Like you know anything about education.
Watch out Mississippi, Florida is making a move!
Wait your last tweet just said we as a nation have so much work to do..bears , humans and robots in charge of the dept of education...but not Florida they’re good right..
Guess I should contact my cousins the Florida Black Bears on this impressive accomplishment!
Shut up.
Shut up, Betsy!
Agree.  And I wish my parents could have gotten vouchers for our education.
Can you be more specific? Or are you just quoting a meme you googled?
You're a terribly unqualified joke in this position.
Resign, you are awful.  Like really really awful.  Oh, and your brother is a traitor who is going to prison.  So there’s that too.
Thank you... you tweeted my thoughts.
Schools began ignoring rape reports after DeVos' campus sexual assault policy changes, lawsuit says https://www.dailykos.com/story/2018/1/29/1736910/-Schools-began-ignoring-rape-reports-after-DeVos-campus-sexual-assault-policy-changes-lawsuit-says … …
DeVos rescinds 72 guidance documents outlining rights for disabled students - The Washington Post
Top 10 Reasons School Choice Is No Choice | In reality, it’s just a scam to make private schools cheaper for rich people, further erode the public school system and allow for-profit corps to gobble up education dollars meant to help children succeed.
DeVos refuses to say on sending her kids to Milwaukee voucher school. Just 2% proficient in math and 0% in English.
Vouchers do not improve student achievement, Stanford researcher finds | Stanford News
For rural America, school choice could spell doom

You’re worse than any other Trump appointee.
Nowhere to go but up!
