
Place God Back in  Schools
Amen
.
Remember # 1 Nation Under GOD
Amen
Geez Betty you sure look uncomfortable....
Public schools! You are responsible for public schools.
Armed guards at all schools / one way in / one way our w check in / but must get teachers involved
Go state by state quickly and meet with teachers
Hurry up and resign.
This is your time to lead /  do small town hall meetings and get teachers- students - parents together
Mommy says you got your hand in the cookie jar.
https://twitter.com/clarkephil/status/966758547521404928 … #BoycottNRA
As a teacher, I knocked myself out headbutting ceiling pretending to be a particle, star-jumping off a desk.

I've set my arm on fire when lit ethanol trickled down sleeve, from my…
How about more equitable funding for our public schools? Not your profit-centers. #public #secular #educationforall
Money is There Where is It Going?......
.
.place God Back in Schools
.
.Check out @24_7savingsouls’s Tweet:
The Holy Spirit Leads me to Say Blame it in The Music....Riding on Top Of The World Calling Christ Jesus Dont you Know?.....
Amen 

The article below is Betsy Devos’s idea and definition of education freedom for all students across America.

Trump Education Dept will block states from cracking down on student loan collectors
#Dutchmafia
Two thumbs up, however I'd watch out for this Gulan cat. Seems to be yet, anotherdouchebag:
http://turkishinvitations.weebly.com/list-of-us-schools.html …
Another profiteer for the government?
You should be ashamed...STEP DOWN NOW
Check out @24_7savingsouls’s Tweet:
The Holy Spirit Leads me to Say Blame it in The Music....Riding on Top Of The World Calling Christ Jesus Dont you Know?.....
Amen 
Public Service Loan Forgiveness-I give up. They won’t even give you a name of person that is processing. Mine should have been paid off in October.
Thanks @monacharenEPPC for bravely speaking truth to power!
You are not even qualitied for this position & the fact you you don't say nothing about gun control just shows you don't care about kids.
An amazing public education is free for students, hence the term, "PUBLIC".  If you want private or parochial,  pay for it yourself, and not from MY taxes.  We will fight this till even the suggestion is gone from the discussion.
We fully fund public schools
Menstrual Time Homelessness 72 KEC :  Major 72 KEC ... Kinetic Energy Correlations
If any teacher wants to have a gun then it should be ok - put in safe at desk /
Why can't you ever discuss how to make schools better- why are you always pushing choice? It just seems you have one mission - to get more kids in charter schools then to help every child get a good education. Do your job
Good riddance!  #Boycott #AMWAY #ALTICOR and XE and Academi -
End common core in Georgia AS PROMISED! Make American Schools Great Again!
did you figure out how much money you will make off the backs of students? how much will it raise tuition?
I have long been a fan of @kaycolejames. She is an example to women everywhere.
When you say ‘education freedom’ do you mean freedom from being shot while going to school to learn?
Fund public schools.  That is all you need to say.
Why are you afraid of Tea Pain? The truth unnerving?
Freedom to 'educate' kids in Bronze-Age superstitions instead of science? Freedom to pour more public money into private for-profit corporations? No thanks.
Betsy... Betsy... no common ground and no realatable purpose for your role.  ... expected.
In 2005 My Middle School in Oklahoma Stopped Gun Violence, we went from street clothes to uniforms & carried clear backpacks. Walked through Metal Detectors every day while the teachers went through our bags. It sound Ghetto but guess what they kept us safe. 
Rogers Middle School
A token mouthpiece chatting it up with an out of touch rich woman....smh!

By all you mean everybody except the poor. Or the LGBT.  Or the special needs. You should resign.
Paris. You’re such an embarrassment on CNN. You’re such a Trump bootlicker. Don’t you find you’re behavior to be demeaning.
Too bad you're the most inept Education Secy ever. You bought your position, you didn't obtain it through knowledge or hard work.
http://www.killinged.com  Start with closing down charter schools operated by Gulen Islamic cult.
http://m.newson6.com/story.aspx?story=37577724&catId=112042 … Betsy another Gulen School arrest over School Shooting THREATS, stop this shit now and do your job (that is if you know what it is you are suppose to do)  #CloseGulenSchoolsDown #SendGulenHome
How about how we keep our students alive and safe???..
Go back to you million $ home and let real@educators handle this debate
“Education Freedom” is Orwellian speak for “destroy public schools.”
You are an unfeeling & callous woman. You don’t deserve this job. You’ve never worked a day in a classroom in your life. You have NO IDEA what it takes to be a teacher. You bought Republicans just like the NRA did.

Rich liberals don’t want their kids near minorities from the inner city. They just want them in the concrete jungle/plantation. How is school choice bad you dingbat leftist!?
How do you define “education freedom?”
Save the lives of children.  Support the ban of assault weapons.
Isn't It Time To Start Firing These Teachers That Promote Hate Within OUR Schools? They Are Radicalizing The Children..Politics Is Supposed To Be An Elective, Not Taught In Every single Class By Opinionated Teachers And Professors #FixOurSchools And You Fix Society
Robert Mueller please hurry up and get all of these deplorable deceiving disgraceful trump robot people out of Our Government.
Geez these haters really think common core is good. Is a robotic, unfair, slave system. Common core must be killed.
#liar
You lie. Preformant, windquest llc, Neuro-CORE,  LMF-WF portfolio, she is as evil as the rest of them.
With no public oversight, you want to spend tax dollars on your wacky schemes. #notmysecretary
The token person with some color they picked to do their bidding at Heritage...smh
“School shooting survivor says he quit @CNN Town Hall after refusing scripted question.” @TuckerCarlson. Just like so much of CNN, Fake News. That’s why their ratings are so bad! MSNBC may be worse. Horrible GOPers!
You're doing a great job Betsy!   You can be very proud of the changes you are making happen in our broken education monopoly.   Keep up the fight!
A great start would be to enroll yourself in some special ed. classes.
So we are calling the privatization of our educational institutions education freedom now???

Except transgender students?
You mean destroying public education so private corporations can make money from tax dollars. Nice sleight of hand, Betsy, but no, no one is buying it. Also, your self-rating was hilarious. You're a D at best, if only because you show up sometimes.
Again, you are wrong Betsy. You are forcing ppl who rely on public education to take a downward spiral for your pet project that has been proven to fail. (MI, IN & AZ to say the least). You could improve so much now like no NY math, remove Common Core, but you refuse to listen.
Don't do it at the expense of public schools.

The new charges against Manafort and Gates show a large scale criminal enterprise. The charges, if true, also show @realDonaldTrump was lying when he said the crimes of Manafort occurred prior to the Trump campaign. https://twitter.com/BradMossEsq/status/966787987995492352 …
Ed Freedom isn't what you want & EVERYONE knows it, Secretary Fraud DeVos.  We also heard your little pathetic pat on the back you graded yourself for the first year.  Here's what 98% (at least) we teachers grade you (which is NOT a fallacy) -which is akin to grading a flunkee :
Betsy did learn about the Pervert in your midst named Mike Feinberg was FIRED because he sexually abuse students and staff.Did you not know this or did YOU help to COVER IT ALL UP?You are part of the problem in the USA.STUPID
Betsy DeVos is SOOOOO incompetent. Hope we can fix all of the damage caused by Trump Cabinet
When you are gone.  We will rebuild all that you and Koch brothers tried to ruin.
You don’t get an A or B for your performance. You get an F. …https://arc-anglerfish-washpost-prod-washpost.s3.amazonaws.com/public/5IHNYFEBW44FVBWFTTK2X63C7U.jpg …
hahahahaha, and that "freedom" is involves shoveling Christian fundamentalism down every kid's throat, right Bets?
NO vouchers unless accepted as full payment and accept all. Otherwise, just another stipend for $50,000 a year schools of the rich!
Reduced Dept of Ed budget: success.  Pushed your agenda of for-profit schools: success. Spoke at Conservative Political Action Conference: success.

Increased racial harassment: success. Bill to abolish the Dept of Education: failed.
You mean the ones that haven’t gotten shot?
Did she ask you what was your education background..lol
Let me guess. You want to defund public education and make it harder for the poor to #pickthemselvesupbythebootstraps and actually better themselves?
stop avoiding the issue. we are worried about guns, not bears. #teachersvsgrizzlies #teachers #betsydevos #devos #armmewithbooks
Educational freedom, to then be discriminated against? Such an oxymoron .
seriously, you are not helping. #teachersvsgrizzlies #devos #BetsyDeVos
be better at your job. #teachersvsgrizzlies #devos #betsydevos
Thank you for your service 2 our country. U R needed. Please persevere! Sorry 4 the many ignorant immature individuals U
have encountered. A crazy liberalism @ epidemic prop. In our educational environment.
Just quit Bet! Today
You #FundPublicEducation   You #PayTeachers what they are worth  You invest in #Counselors and #SchoolPsychologists You DON’T invest in #FaithBasedSchools where they can turn #SpecialEducation students away #NoVouchers
How about we start by thinking of ways to not have them get slaughtered at their desks?
Douchebag!
You are doing an amazing job! Thank you so much! We love you!
And when will you be meeting the LGBTQ, ACLU, and the UNCF? Or are your no longer afraid to show your true colors of racism and bias show? It's clear you are not qualified fir the job.
You gave yourself a B on your first year in the job? Honey, the only way you even get an F is by sleeping with the teacher.

It's ironic that you think that you can be part of a conversation about freedoms when your GOP party silently endorses racist groups.
Do you have a position on arming teachers @BetsyDeVos ? We, educators, want to know.
Thank you Secretary DeVos for your continued support of school choice!
You mean privatization of public education!
Does it bother you that you’re the least popular Secretary of Education?
Charter schools are the future! They are why so many other countries are destroying the US in education right now, those countries have priva.... Wait, what do you mean that's not true? Goddammit.
Wish you could post more vids of meetings to keep better informed.
#RethinkDeVos
Please utilize the internet to bring exceptional and gifted presenters to a larger segment of students, no matter where they are located.
Public schools !? But you're talking about Jesus & there's a separation between church & state
17 students and teachers died under YOUR ADMINISTRATION

You should resign.
I hate you and every single thing you stand for. Please gfys!
She’s the devil
Just wish all data thay has been collected start doing Something. I do like "In God We Trust" back into the school
You didn't come offf well here, Betsy. A little more insight will go a long way.
Let me guess, your plan involves trying to replicate what Devos did to Michigan schools while ignoring the horrible results she achieved there...
Worst Secretary of Education ever.
Hopefully education will improve to include teaching the value of life.  The "Life at Conception Act" needs to be taught at all levels, but especially to young people from kindergarten on up.
Yeah ...no..
Why are you still around????
Stop forcing your God on us.
You are the second worse thing to happen to our children.
#traitorinchief #1
Ur the grossest
@kaycolesjames is a world class educator! Way ahead of her time. Too bad the left dismisses her grounded ideas.
Good to receive news about what you are working on towards better education for kids. @BretBaier or @ShannonBream
#BoycottNRA
And thank you #CPAC2018 for giving me another platform to make it LOOK like I care about students, when I really just want to keep poor kids stupid so they continue to labor for my family... Hmm...
And guns in the classroom?  Oh HELL NO #BoycottNRA
WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT OKLAHOMA SCHOOLS. 4 DAY CLASS WEEK, BECAUSE THEY CAN'T AFFORD TO STAY OPEN. REALLY!
This is Betsy DeVos and 'education freedom.'

A sobering look at what Betsy DeVos did to education in Michigan — and what she might do as secretary of education
Eff you and your gun-humping supporters.
Thank you betsy!
Hi Betsy, that freedom has always existed. What you're done h is advocating funneling money from the public to private means, this destroying the freedoms of the underprivileged. 

You're a horrible person and a stain on education.
There's something repulsive sounding about what Betsy DeVos calls, "education freedom." What she's really referring to here is expanding the role of private equity education-related businesses at the expense of public education. That's not freedom. It's robbery.
So a charter school advocate sits down with the President of the Heritage Foundation at #CPAC2018 ?
.
.
.
.Lemme guess:  more public funds should be funneled through private for-profit corporations!
.
.
.(What do I win?)
Ethan Hunt, points at portrait, counts steps? @KayColesJames own wooded Eastern & Central wild lands, @MyScout=High iQ? @Heritage: joy walnut pecan hazelnut #OilGArch @KlingStone.

May the winds always be upwind, & every foot path affirm your travels.

Your guidance is #stromng.
But how can we can we use public funding for private schools if we need what little money is left to arm the teachers?
Please explain why you found it appropriate to smile (constantly) at the hearing session while those students and parents were pouring their hearts out over horrific tragedies at their schools. The fact that we have a dimwit running the Dept. of Education should concern everyone.
Too much botox.

And by that you mean use taxpayer dollars to fund religious schools, violating the first amendment and further dumbing down America. Resign. #MAGA #firedevos
How did that step and fetch session go Aunt Jemima?
I hope you took notes.
Where you home skooled Betsy?
As long as they aren’t LGBTQ, right?
Or have IEP’s
Resign!! You're a disgrace to public education!
How can you expand while making cuts?
I’d give @BetsyDeVosED a solid F for:

Fabricated
Factious 
Fake
Fallacious 
Farcical
Fatuous
Faux
Feckless
Feculent
Feebleminded
Flagitious
Flawed
Flunky
Foul
Frightful
Frigid
Frivolous
Frumpish (rhymes with @realDonaldTrump -ish)

#DoYouThinkSheKnowsTheMeaningOfHalfTheseWords?
Just take Me out and we good
Education freedom sounds like an Orwellian term that actually means teaching nonsensical religious talking points instead of science.
That’s exactly what it means


You're the worst.
DeVos is unqualified and should step down. 

You’re such a disgrace!
It would be nice to see something said about the shooter in Fl.  was the school out of compliance?  Did this student have an IEP?  Did he receive FAPE?
She doesn’t know what those are.   You’re confusing her.
Like freedom from funding public schools? #pass
