#Resign
Why are children forced to sit behind the fence? Why are there only Caucasian children at story time?  @SSherylyn @SoBronxSchool @Irishman727 @MindyRosier @BadassTeachersA
Do you ever edit?
Oh DeVos.... please keep up your inspiring levels of idiocy and greed, so we can all continue to disparage and mock you incessantly. You truly have a gift for it, much to the detriment of all US Education (Detriment is a big word that means "bad for")
honestly the crowd was probably just the grandchildren of the ancient beached whales employed in the white house currently
Your brother is a criminal, and so are you.
You should have a doctorate, and you don't even have a master's degree. That's like having an orderly as Secretary of Health & Human Services. People laugh at you, Bets. You're terrible on TV, a joke at answering questions, and you're so under-educated it's embarrassing. #dumb
I'm glad you extended the Easter holiday.  Did you realize teachers in Oaklahoma have to work more than one job to get by?  Get to work foe teachers and students.   Miss a photo opp.
Did you tell all those children that you're doing everything in your power to make sure they don't learn? Did you tell them that you want them to have unqualified "teachers" who will indoctrinate them instead of educating them? Did you tell them that you support school shootings?

Betsy DeVos tried to dodge a question about protecting LGBTQ+ students — and this rep. wasn't having it 
You wouldn’t think the secretary of education and have so much difficulty with a true false question.
#resign and #goaway

Literally. If Trump fired you it wouldn't be a shock..we'd all say.."eh.. good call" @FLOTUS
Why aren't you fired yet???
You should volunteer as the official egg hunt organizer and resign as secretary of education. You can’t even tweet a grammatically correct sentence. #dumpdevos
What are you doing about underfunded schools in Oklahoma?  BTW they are protesting for better conditions for students, not just themselves. I hope I am wrong, however I feel that your agenda will villify these brave souls. Again I really wish that you will prove me wrong.
Maybe you can go visit one of those "underperforming" schools so they can help you w your grammar
#resign
Oh, Betsy

Nobody wants you to join their family. Nobody. Resign.
Wrong. That's not an egg roll. An egg roll is a side dish in asian cuisine. Luckily for you, that won't be on the quiz. Also, there won't be a quiz because the schools can't afford the paper needed to print the quiz because the funds will be used to build a wall.

Stupid.


Any comments about Oklahoma and/or Arizona??

Betsy DeVos tried to dodge a question about protecting LGBTQ+ students — and this rep. wasn't having it 

Too bad not a single one of these children are a priority unless they go to a private school or are wealthy. Shame on you.

#SHAME #ShameOnYou
Why don't you voice some support for teachers striking across the country in the name of giving teachers and schools what they need to educate our future?
https://youtu.be/ZEWseO1w-Ns  | I have a question | support the families that are struggling in their homes and in classrooms to raise children in a world that has forgotten adults have to #model what they #moral #behavior and #BetsyDeVos is causing my #anxiety and #depression|  #prt
please please please retire and let someone else do this job  it's actually a very important job and you're a horrific sausage who's arsing it all up
Why don’t you address the needs of teachers across this country? How many school systems have to shut down from teachers fighting for respect? Instead of rolling eggs at the White House, take care of our teachers!
Easter Eggs are Pagan anyway... I thought you were a Christian???  You apparently don't even know your own religion.  Remind me of why Trump chose you to educate our nation's children...
Bets? Try this: "I Loved the opportunity to join so many families at the..."
Resign. For the Love if God, Country and our Children, Resign.
Looks like you had fun. Did you ever go to a school in Oklahoma? Me neither. It looks worse than my school. I bet if you went to an egg roll there it would stink because all the eggs are really old. Gross like @realDonaldTrump
I’m surprised you even know how to read you’re so unbelievably stupid.
Must be all those white, privileged kids that go to your elite schools right Bets?
Teach, missing a word in your tweet? Not to worry, you can always ask the Prez to complete your thoughts with his best words.
If would be nice if you knew proper English.
were they shocked you knew what a book was
This is fun... Now ,let's save our kids from public schools with a choice. Where are the vouchers to give our kids a choice ??????
Any comment on the Oklahoma teachers you left in the dust?
Were you booed?
... not single POC in sight? Loved the opportunity to join so many *white* families.
Alabama Judge refuses to dismiss charge in paddling case #HR160 #ChildAssaultWweapons #SchoolCorporalPunishment #ACEs #MeTooK12
How long you going to avoid the crisis in Oklahoma. Your slacking which is no surprise.

Don't kid yourself..you are hated by most! You should never have been placed in this Cabinet  position!
Rather than use kids for another PR opportunity or get them to join Amway maybe you should have read this .... The hidden crisis on college campuses: 36 percent of students don’t have enough to eat - The Washington Post
Ben, why is it the gov't responsibility to feed adults?  Why can't these adults get a part time job while in college to get extra funds?  Or should they just take larger loans to facilitate not working, so they can be deeper in debt?
all white kds
There’s a whole bunch of families in state legislatures around the country today, they’re teachers, students and parents protesting the untenable situation our children’s educators are facing. Just wondered if you have any thoughts? Nothing?
DeVos has nothing to say while teachers are striking and protesting around the country? Trump really knows how to pick the best entitled & unqualified cabinet members... but the idiots are loyal!
Resign!
In over your head and you're going to need the extra time to smuggle contraband in to your brother.
Quit playing Secretary of Education and Queen of the Photo Op and do something substantive like come out strongly in favor of underpaid teachers in Oklahoma, Kentucky and Arizona.
Hope you had a blast. Seems like more fun than doing your job and addressing the teacher strikes.
Yearly tradition of Betsy DeVos' Easter......bad grammar and typos......so why do we keep calling this bigot woman the "secretary of education"?
#doyourJOByouMORON
Just so you know, rabbits don't lay eggs. I know this is confusing for you.
And teachers strike all over this nation because teachers have to have second and third jobs to feed their families. No leadership at the top because DeVos has an LET THEM EAT CAKE attitude.
Great English you wanna be teacher #fraud
So many kids....
any POCs there?  any children from struggling schools?  or public schools at all?
Promise kept by President Trump! The WH is the House of All Americans particularly our Kids that are the Future of this Nation! Beautiful initiative! Keep going!
Of corse. You have nothing else to do.
Did you let them know that only three or four are going to a charter school and the rest are staying in public that you cut the funding of?
#bootDevos #unfit #ethicsviolations #teachersunite #resign
Can Betsy DeVos write in complete sentences?
Maybe you should focus on paying teachers what they deserve so they don’t have to walk out on our children
You are such a joke. The future of our kids just keeps getting darker.  If you can't do it step aside and let someone who's qualified do it. Teachers aren't paid enough ,they use their own money to supplies for their classrooms.  Step up and do your job.DISGRACEFUL
Meanwhile in Oklahoma and Kentucky...
You should have joined the teachers in Oklahoma. #OklahomaTeachersWalkout
If you come to my classroom I can help you write a complete sentence. Of course, it’s in a public school, so...
Was that you dressed as the Easter looking as clueless and ridiculous as you did on 60 minutes ?
Which one of them helped you sound out the big words?
It really does sound lovely. You know, if you resigned, you could spend all your time playing in the yard and looking for eggs. Wouldn’t that be nice?
Betsy’s and Erik’s parents raised a couple of traitors.
You can’t even write a full sentence that isn’t even coherent. 
White people only . . .

What are you going to do about the deplorable text books in OK? Diverting money and underfunding public schools has gone on long enough!
Oh Betsy, please
None of them like you. Why don't you "roll" on out of town? Stay out of Michigan too while you are at it.

So cutesy of you. #resign
Find the spell check before you find those privatized eggs?
Have you looked at schools in MI on the priority list, bet you haven’t. Most of them are CHARTERS.  Disgusting you are!!!!!
Resign

Oh my. This isn’t a parody account. Wow.

You mean the tippy top house? #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
Oh god, shut up.
Beautiful scenery too!
Did your private Christian school help you write that?
Betsy, you are missing the word to. Did you go to a charter school?
Oh please, just resign already.  
English lessons are perhaps in order?
Diversity much?

Product of private schooling.
Lady get a REAL job
Secretary DeVos, you are cordially invited TO join me in my classroom from tomorrow until the end of our academic year (6/15/18). This is a legitimate invitation. RSVP
#teachersvsgrizzlies #devos #betsydevos
#teachersvsgrizzlies

They should have thrown rotten  eggs at you
You forgot the word "to" between opportunity and join, Einstein.
.Your grammar has not improved in the slightest, Mrs. Secretary of Education.
As you strip them of their education!!
Were they helping you find a clue?
What a joke! You’re chasing eggs and teachers across America are walking out of school. Do your job, go talk to teachers and see what they need instead of forcing you personal agenda to privatize all schools. That’s not working out so well in Michigan
And she has a barrier between her and 5 year olds? Is she afraid that she will get egged? Come on why has she not been fired via tweet? @realDonaldTrump
For an education secretary, you don't utilize very good grammar (or have proofreading skills).
Oh the darlings of the education world are feeding again. They eat so much chum in the water. They should be embarrassed. Since they have no standards they don't even care enough not to act like savage feeding Parana's. Funny stuff!
All your policies have failed - aren’t you tired of being wrong
I love fact you are separated from most of the children by fences. You should be kept away from all children. Mingle with your billionaire buddies who want to take money fro public schools to fund private schools. STAY AWAY FROM OUR KIDS!!
1000s of Veterans teach and are better qualified, but were ignored because @BetsyDeVos bought her seat. #unqualified #swampwater #RethinkDeVos
More support is needed for public schools. Charter schools can't be your whole focus. Our country is going to suffer if we don't have the resources and support in Educ. & teachers will keep leaving the profession. No one cares that you went to the Easter Egg hunt.
#RethinkDeVos #unqualified #swampwater that bribed her way in. Pathetic and dishonorable.
What’s that got to do with PUBLIC EDUCATION????
OMG Betsy ...fix your freaking post .....you are supposed to be the Educational Secretary for godsake
Yup, you have the same intellect as an egg white.
Love that you don’t mind presenting yourself as a national disgrace
How'd you manage to hide your devil horns?
Crisis actors.
"Tippy top" shape that white house....Even the bunny looked shocked at the speech.  Too bad he could not take him down, it would have fit in with @POTUS unhinged and blabbering garble that he spewed out today.
Funny
DeVos rescinds 72 guidance documents outlining rights for disabled students - The Washington Post
Schools began ignoring rape reports after DeVos' campus sexual assault policy changes, lawsuit says https://www.dailykos.com/story/2018/1/29/1736910/-Schools-began-ignoring-rape-reports-after-DeVos-campus-sexual-assault-policy-changes-lawsuit-says … …
DeVos Is Sued By 17 States; Richard Spencer And Colleges; Race and Student Loans - http://www.npr.org/sections/ed/2017/10/21/558825046/devos-is-sued-by-17-states-richard-spencer-and-colleges-race-and-student-loans … via http://news.google.com 
Teachers' groups give DeVos an 'F'
Does that fence represent the divide you are trying to create between public schools and charter schools? Are those kids on the outside from the schools you never visit?
She bought her position unqualified incompetent she should be fired  along with @EPAScottPruitt @SecretaryZinke @RyanZinke @SecretaryCarson what a group of unethical people they never should have been there @NancyPelosi @RepSwalwell @SenateMajLdr @tedlieu @RWPUSA
This is just too easy.
Thank you for what you do to improve our education system.
You’re a Godsend.
From hell.
Very respectful for her to have showed up and talked to people ~ 

God bless her!
Will you be standing with@the teachers who are demanding money for their classrooms and a living wage
She will be rolling eggs while the POS traumatize 5 year olds about war!
mingling with the peasantry, eh, Bets? the great unwashed.....bet they were thrilled you deigned to walk amongst them.....
Yes doing nothing again for public education 
#resignFOOL
I'm dreaming of an all white children easter.
You're the Secretary of Education! Could you please proof your texts and at least pretend to be an example of educational excellence? #Sham #SaveEducation #Con
You're my Secratery!
She is a fucking billionaire moron
You are much more intelligent than her
Glad you got go.
7/10 Must do better.
You write bad
Proofreading, Betsy. Then again, that would require intelligence.
Who needs proper sentence structure when you are the DEPT OF ED SECRETARY!!!  Oh wait........ please just go away.
I know things are rough Betsy but you can’t give up. In North Carolina are teachers give up on the kids daily we need school Choice these
You also need grammar and spelling lessons.
Wish you would have spent more time defending our education funding and fellowships for graduate research you SwampThing!!
You’re a disgusting human being
@BetsyDeVosED <-- Ignorant
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump >> Betsy, this activity is more your pace. You need to be REPLACED!!  Our children need someone who is KNOWLEDGEABLE, not riding clueless within your appointed role!!!
Proofread, you are the Secretary of Education.
America is grateful for your service @BetsyDeVosED !
The first positive comment I've seen
You must be listening to haters and bitter Dems.
Tomi Lahren.
Do you even know how to read?
It certainly looks like a good time was had by all!
Thank you Secretary DeVos. Keep working hard for the children and keep ignoring the noise from the teachers unions.
You should resign.
Oy you need some schoolhouse rock
I wonder what the lady in the black shirt is saying...
Resign. You are clueless and unqualified.

Seriously, you cannot even string a simple sentence together on Twitter? Resign. You are a disgrace to America. #kakistocracy #DeVosSucks
Bwahahaha! Don’t forget to include all your words Ms. DeVos.
It makes even less sense when she does
Perfect. This is exactly what you should be doing.  Just stay away from schools.
For a second there I thought this was from @BestyDeVos  and then realized it was a real tweet from a real Education Secretary... then I became depressed... Please go away... You're rich! What more could you want? Fucking Grinch
All white?
All private school families. You are a phony and should quit
The Queen of photo-ops.  The only part of the gig you actively participate in.
Awesome grammar skills. So glad you are the Secretary of Education. One of the things you learn early on in school is proofreading!! You nitwit.
"to join" I know that education isn't your speciality but...OH, RIGHT.
Didn’t your school teach you the importance of proofreading? Go away! RESIGN!!!
Unfit for your position,  go away
Love the opportunity 2 call you out at how bad you are at all of this #teachersvsgrizzlies
I’ll take an XXXL.
You’re so dumb, you thought this was when Trump ordered take-out
