If public schools were fully funded we could hire more teachers & have lower student to teacher ratio & the type of learning you talk about is called blended or differentiated learning,it’s already done! Public school teachers do amazing things! #PublicSchoolProud #txed #txlege
Are you seriously saying that is more important than a wall?
Yes
I hope ur kidding.. is it more important than a wall..  of course... What is wrong with you people. If u really think your wall is more important than education there is no hope in even talking to you because we are, in turn, talking to a wall!
We want vouchers for Christian schools!!!!!
At first I thought this was a parody account. But Jesus it is not.
Oh no how dare someone have a different opinion than you.
Not to mention that it is unconstitutional.
The Supreme Court disagrees https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zelman_v._Simmons-Harris …
Read more closely. Your statement that you want vouchers for Christian schools would not qualify under this decision.
Vouchers for religious schools would qualify. So any religious school would qualify. So yes christian schools would qualify.
You didn't say religious. That is telling. Also, by taking this money, religious schools expose themselves to government oversight. It will only take a few lawsuits to drown many of these school - regardless of the veracity of the suit. This is the fix think it is.
Maybe you should reeducate yourself

Shoot lady, would you criticize the hospital janitor for trying to perform brain surgery???   Do you get it that people are outraged that you bought your position??
That you are unqualified???
Fully find public schools and pay teachers a living wage
How can we fully fund education when much of our money goes to providing free breakfast, lunch, lite dinner and 2 snacks a day plus free school supplies, clothing and in-depth counseling to most students. Not to mention the nurses an other medical needs public schools pay for.
We make children, not revenue a priority.
I feel like bathroom and facility use is a key factor here.
Swallow some magnets.
Publicly owned schools - your job is for the betterment of publicly owned schools.
End common core in Georgia AS PROMISED! Make American Schools Great Again!
Yet you are narrow-minded enough to disregard students who are transgender/transsexual who merely want what everybody else is given. You look like a hypocritical fool to those with common sense and understanding.
Fucking die already you don't even have any experience in the system nor do you care about the trans community cos now trans students are the threat now? Cishet homophobic people are the threat. This is why the trans community is so horrified of this stuff.


What about the trans students?
Unless that kid is trans, amirite?
Have you considered resigning?
What about ECOT?  The Ohio Deoartment of Education just denied 12,000 students their choice!  We need your help!
Hi Amy. We are here to help! Visit our website for detailed information and to learn about all of the school options available to you: http://education.ohio.gov/Topics/Community-Schools/Frequently-Asked-Questions-FAQ-Families-Affected … Thank you!
Thanks for the canned reply.  I am an educator and very disappointed with your actions.  Unbelievable what you have done to 12,000 students and 1,000 employees.  You should be ashamed.
Agree!
Begin magnet schools for the arts
for children who display that gift,
For the ones absorbed by nature, electronics
Magnet schools for science and technology.
Then please start funding schools equitably and stop siphoning money from public schools to charter schools that don’t have to have public enrollment

God have mercy on your NRA-kept souls:

Richard Burr
$6,986,620…
You are totally unqualified.  You should have expected criticism as you whittle away the rights of students and disrespect professionals in education.
Why are you LYING?
Oh so free college? Great. Can you get on that please before my son accrues over $100k in debt trying to get an education. Thanks.
Expand public schools. Add facilities for special education, and add programs for music, art, wood working, auto mechanics, computers, language, etc.
These programs have been reduced and children have suffered and become dumber.
Build more public schools. Stop stealing the money.
Then why do you keep defunding education and defrauding those very students?
If you believe schools don’t accommodate all children’s unique learning styles, you haven’t visited public schools.
Do you know public schools have to meet ALL children’s learning needs?
The private schools you want to fund don’t have to accept children w/unique learning needs.
You have no qualifications to be head of the Department of Education. You need to resign!
That’s bs and you know it.
Lies
So how does rolling back protections for disabled students help this cause? It just seems MEAN.
transportation to/frm charter schools fall upon a *singular* custodial parent's ability to get children there.

projected graduation ratio vs jobs ea state since new administration~

breakdwn up and coming frm secondary schools.
@realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS
@VP @DonaldJTrumpJr @seanhannity
What is @BetsyDeVosED  doing to FIERCELY Combat the indoctrination by the #LiberalFascists in our schools?!!
The distorted History curriculum they push and the insidious creeping of #islam being ignored!!??
A massive mission. The socialist Teachers Union will fight you to the bitter end. I wish you to profoundly succeed.
Liar
#MAGA 
#ReleaseTheTexts 
#NoDACA 
#BuildTheWall 
#AmericaFirst 
#DrainTheSwamp 
#VoterID 
#FireRodRosenstein 
#FireShepSmith 
#FireMuellerNow

You are doing nothing to improve education.  #ResignNow & #MAGA

Keep Common Core and especially the 5 Pillars of Islam out of EVERY American classroom. This is America where we care about our children and their education. 

DeVos do your job!
@MilkManHereLive Feds & DeVos CANNOT interfere with local education choices of content like Common Core. Islam is social studies, NOT English & math that is Common Core.
When I lived in Bangladesh, I went to an American school. At NO time did we learn the 5 pillars of Islam. Visit a mosque. The problem is, I see pictures on FB saying this school has accepted Sharia Law. Not Social Studies. Federal government MUST intervene.
Fake news. Feds CANNOT interfere with local content choices. With ESSA gag order, they cannot even advise!! Islam is NOT in Common Core!
ur wrong. my child in cali 7th grade spent the 1st quarter on islam. 
parents from chatham nj to san diego cali r suing the schools over this. its ridiculous to teach religion in public school.. right???
Schools teach social studies & history, not religion. The content depends on the state & textbook as details are created by textbooks & schools choose textbooks. Your complaint requires changing textbooks or their content. Feds can't interfere & standards are not detailed.
Not talking about social studies when they’re actually practicing the religion in school. That’s the intervention the federal government needs to do is to not let the children practice that Muslim religion.
I agree.
And then have 120k in student loan debt right?
shut up
I'm assuming you're going to request enough funding so that the public school system can provide the resources to do just this, correct?
How about that “No child left behind”?Common cores idiotic standards. How about overcrowding in California classrooms & classrooms across the US? We can have up to 35 students in a classroom ranging from non English speaking, learning disabilities, disruptive, etc. & 1 teacher !
Unfortunately, not every student inherits a trust fund or marries into money; such an accident of birth or a calculating Mrs. degree allows the confirmation of our most unqualified Education Secretary in history.
All children in America should get the best education,  not just the privileged.
Only if they line your pockets, though.
I sent message to Betsy Devos and copied POTUS, on a idea to create a platform for herself and the edjucation system. #Reply?

SO STEP DOWN, YOU CLEARLY HAVE NO IDEA OF THE EVERYDAY TRIALS AND TRIBULATIONS THE PEOPLE OF AMERICA ARE GOING THROUGH AND YOU ARE A BULLHEADED PUPPET OF TRUMP. GO SIT IN YOUR PILE OF CASH AND SHUT THE FUCK UP.
Solution? FUND public schools so they can accommodate the needs of all students equally.
Please consider what you tweeted here & take action to keep #ECOT, an online public school in Ohio, from closing & 12k kids & 1k teachers & staff from being displaced mid year! @ECOTSchool @ecotPALS @FoxNews @TuckerCarlson @jillianmele @WarrenDavidson @JohnKasich @SenSherrodBrown
I would like good, strong , SECULAR options. The taint of religion is undermining science education in parts of this country. What do you plan to do about it?(aside  from supporting the idiocy of theology)
We are prepared to help the poorest zip codes start the most innovative program that can sustain itself long term.
Teaching or learning is not based on income but on capability of the Teachers. Most come out of College today as Indoctrinators not teachers!
The reason kids can't learn at their learning pace is bc  Fed. Govt. keeps changing rules for requirements. You want High test scores so too much is thrown at kids too fast, they never have chance to master it before on to the next! Pushing too hard, too fast & they lose!
Well Ms. DeVos if that is what is needed fine! In order to do that you're going to have to get Fed. Govt. out of Education AND get the Democrats out of the classroom!
Love what you're doing!!!
Liar
Unfortunately, Betsy also wants to make it easier for students to get ripped off by scams, and make it harder to prosecute scumbags like Larry Nassar. Betsy isn't qualified to do her job, she only got it because she bought it.
Same is true for disability status. Children with disabilities also have tremendous abilities! We need the human potential of ALL people!
Neat! Will you pay off my student loans? My single parent died of drug addiction when I was young and so I leaned on the federal student loan system (granted due to low income status) to fund my degree. My interest rates for the loans are over three times the rate of my car!
I wanna attend your school
Then stop trying to rob public schools with private charters that have no accountability.
As long as they can afford the private school right? As long as they can afford someone to transport a child across town and back again at evening between trying to work for a living.
What we need is oversight of homeschooling.  Children have a right to an education free from indoctrination (and isolation/abuse in some cases).  #DefendPublicEducation  #ResignBetsy  http://www.latimes.com/opinion/op-ed/la-oe-coleman-brightbill-turpin-homeschool-abuse-20180117-story.html …  #FireDevos  #AmericanTaliban  #DefendPublicEducation
if only your actions matched your words.....
Please break the government indoctrination in schools with vouchers
But Secretary DeVos, you should probably fight for funding equity between school districts in this nation first. Perhaps that would allow for more learning styles to be met. Stop taking away $ from public schools.
#notthebestchoiceforedsecretary
Thank you!  Battle that I have hard fought in Mississippi for autism
Dramatic irony: When the audience has knowledge the speaker does not, or when the speaker reveals more than she realizes or intends.
YOU ARE S SHAM AND YOU ARE NOT DOING ANYTHING FOR THE CHILDREN OF THE UNITED STATES EXCEPT FOR THE RICH...YOU ARE DISGUISTING AND SHOULD RESIGN
Your task is so vital! Break the corrupt teachers union and let every parent have school choice!!! I know YOU can WIN for children!
Where does common core currently stand?
Mrs.Devose, God bless you,your precious family, I am so grateful that evil is getting it's due.I was ashamed of the Senator AF for the you were treated during  confirmation hearings.I am so grateful and Thankful you are The Sectary, I hope /pray that you are blessed beyond belief
#Mi talent & public trans, not up to par& #AmazonHQ2 saw it.Ppl w/ #disabilities add a lot of value to the workforce. Can’t happen if parents have to fight for their kids to be educated, whom then are bullied by districts who place suit on them. This isnt rocket science. #detroit
I totally Agree!!! and we can rest until you understand what this really means for America https://studentrunbusiness.com  for students, schools, communities and industry partners. When you understand this you'll understand why we have a persistent passion to show you...
GET RID OF COMMON CORE!!!
Put the Bible back in schools
Why?
So when do you think you'll start deporting DACA teachers?
That’s investing in, and empowering the next generation. Educating our population sets them free!
So Spectrum Health has been tied to Cambridge & Russia & @POTUS  Hope y’all have good criminal attorneys!  #MuellerIsComingForYou  @FBI  says Hi 
Please END common core! Pleeease.
Betsy, We need all Government Testing STOPPED! Ending Common Core is great, but California still has many other government programs that need shut down!
Honestly, The Dept of Education needs to END! President Reagan suggested it, and I agree 100%.
#CommonCore isn’t dead. It should be, but is codified in #ESSA . Tests tied to teacher evaluations, standards, materials, all must be unwound. Rebranding is just a game. Overhaul of US Dept of Ed is badly needed. 

…

Hurray 
..she says as she drives into her gated estate where she is surrounded by a full time staff who drove her children to  private schools. Ada is so damned embarrassed, Betsy! What have you done?
So is every kid a precious snowflake or not?
When can we talk?
Given your loose grasp on language, maybe we don't listen to you on education. The world has seen you stumble over basic education questions, so stop. Its nothing personal. I'd love to battle you in a match of wit & intelligence but on both front you seem painfully unarmed.
Ignoring what someone has to say over improper use of grammar is a poor way to invalidate their reasoning or conclusions. Better to engage on ideas, logic, and critical thinking. #DebateWell #Principles
Public education must be fully funded. 

This wacko only wants to enrich schools for profit that discriminates against minorities and disabled kids. She wants only to introduce her religious ideology to schools.
The best way to do that is to forgive student loan debt and champion well funded public education.
Why do you think this is the “best way”?
NOT BE FOOLED! LEARN THE TRUTH!!!
http://tinyurl.com/y9mfxm9q 
http://time.com/4685456/betsy-devos-black-colleges-school-choice/ …
The best way to tackle high college debt is to offer low priced online classes nationwide with test centers.  If you have the knowledge, you get the credit.
Fortunately, home schooling seems to fill the current void in public education...
Detroit Public Schools we're acknowledged the best in America when I was a student, 1947 - 1960.
The focus was not on memorization to pass tests for funding....the focus was on teaching students to think, question, research as proof of the truth of each subject....
Unfortunately you're working hard to defund the schools that 85% of the country uses to put more money into the private schools. Interestingly we can't attend those schools due to our income. Maybe fund all schools the same, tuition free. Oh wait that's public education. Catch 22
As long as your white, straight, not disabled - YES we got you- that's what you meat to say
How did you reach that conclusion based on what she said?
Best sign at Women's march "I have seen smarter cabinets at IKEA"
I have high hopes for @BetsyDeVosED and her influence on inner-city education. Our current system has been failing these folks for too long. Given choice I have faith in many of them to make better choices for themselves and their kids.
Look what she did in Detroit.  You may change your mind.
Unfortunately with you as head of education more students will be denied the right to a free and valuable education. Our system is fucked. There are teachers that do not care. Students are forced to take classes they'll never use in life. I get ppl need to know history...
They need to know some science, language arts and literature is something everyone needs and math is needed. However should a student be forced to learn chemistry if they want to be a lawyer. Why can't students opt out of classes they're not using for a class they'll use?
Also how are you even qualified to be head of education. You've never been a teacher, you've never been in a public school. You support charters despite not knowing the process in which they operate. You ma'am are not qualified for the job
 You don't even care that ppl...
Tell you you're doing a shit job. You just care about getting your fucking money. The American people are fed up and sick of unqualified people like you running shit. You bring shame to this nation and to our founding fathers.

This tweet seems given to hyperbole and excess.  Care to restate in a logical, reasoned, and constructive manner?
It’s better to articulately speak. You’ld have much more influence.
Dyslexia, dyslexia, DYSLEXIA!
Self-paced, mastery-based learning! All students can achieve academic success.
Volunteers are setting up free collaboration meetings to http://www.HelpStudentsSucceed.info 
An excellent position, and it would be helped by cooperation between public schools and charter schools.
You forgot to add: "...at a profit."
Good thing you plan to take care of the LGBTQ students.
SCHOOL VOUCHERS please!  

California's education system is rated 48 out of the 50 states...  despite funding per students being one of the highest.

#SchoolVouchers #schoolchoice
you're so right. Many of our kids are so stressed out.  We've taken the fun & creativity out of learning.
How can I help. I live in south Florida, Palm Beach area, want to help..tutor, etc.. I am certified K-12, love alternative styles of learning. #ReleaseTheMemo #SchumerShutdown
Every child deserves an education as unique as them
Unfortunately we have a federal mandate that isn't sufficiently funded,  and getting less money every year.  We also have the least qualified secretary of Education in history who plans to gut special education with vouchers for schools.   How'd that work in Michigan?
Charter schools aren’t the answer to that. TALK TO THE TEACHERS. LISTEN TO THE TEACHERS
What are “the teachers” saying?
Them make sure you provide adequate funding to schools, regardless of zip code or family income. It is about equity.
And we're going to do this by supporting programs within' public schools (which serve the diversity of ethnicity, income, and intellectual ability) to best support these students right...? #makingawish #supportpublicschools #studentsneedsupport.
Holy moley! The government shutdown! No schoool tomorrow?! Right?! Yaaaay!
Good point. This is why it is essential to have excellent, well-funded neighborhood public schools full of trained, passionate (well-paid) educators.
You have never spent time in a classroom for any other reason than a photo op. You are only interested in enriching YOURSELF.
End common core and excessive testing of our students. It is ridiculous!
Put your money where your mouth is Betsy! Education is a human right! Do not monetize and privatize.
PO-tential?
You are grossly unqualified for the position you hold, with no real world professional experience to truly comprehend how to fix the system you financially benefit from.
Don’t forget the gifted students.
Magnet schools are the answer.

Exactly the point. We need to understand this deeply that one size does NOT fit all, not even in choice programs where they are grouped acc. to their abilities & unique needs. Neuroscience & Education need to collaborate to bring out the best teaching practices for our future!
CAST and SWIFT - they are doing it right. That’s considered leadership.
This past week, ECOT’s charter sponsor dropped the school, and its 12,000 current students had to learn on the news that the institution may suddenly close midsemester.
Start by reading Language at the Speed of Sight by @markseidenberg
The GOP’s Biggest Charter School Experiment Just Imploded
How a washed-up lobbyist built a charter school empire and siphoned millions from public schools
Let's start by dismantling the federal Dept. Of Education.
How would you know? You are entirely ignorant of what education is! RESIGN!
That is true but it seems the way you're doing it it will never happen only people with some money are going to be able to have the education that they deserve
My sister in law worked with special needs in Placerville, CA well funded.  Don Senneville of Foothills Academy in Scottsdale, Az is excellent.
There are Grants available, my daughter is utilizing to attend University of Utah. Also Primavera and Kahn Academy. @BetsyDeVosED
Please resign so that professional educators can move forward with helping all students reach their potential rather than trying to suck all resources out of already underfunded and overburdened public education system. Thank you.
Learning can help with that.  We can also teach budget....
sorry I meant eLearning. computer based training
Says the person destroying protections for students with special needs. Shame on you.
How are they being destroyed?
Would be surprised how many 14&15 year old kids I come in contact with who cannot read! Shameful! #illiterate #Education

This is your plan for education... pure stupidity and trash
Schools have been destroyed here in Democrats controlled California.
Says the lady who has zero experience in education!
Another Fake Christian.
Does that include LGBTQ students? I don't believe you care about them. Certainly your actions support my belief!
OK. Guess you need to start taking a bunch of them from their homes, then....
Unfortunately, @BetsyDeVos your family and friends and business associates would rather cheat kids out of the money they could have used for their education than ensure the kids get a good education.
How are they being cheated?
That fine Ditsy DeVos, as long as Private/Parochial schools are held to the same standards as Public schools.  SPED regulations, standardized testing, fair lotteries, you take em you own them. (No kicking poor performers back to public schools.) THAT will never happen though....
Maybe if public schools had better funding so the student to teacher ratio was less than 1:20+ the students would have better instruction based on their ‘pace.’ Hate to say it but jobs don’t let you ‘learn at your own pace’
Then why are charter schools are allowed to force parents to waive their child's right to special education services in order to attend?  HYPOCRISY!
The problem can't be made public at this time or you would have have riots. I have several ideas and would share them all gladly. Yeah, throw more money at the problem. More money and the same ignorant results. As Trump said, "what do you have to ?"
Really! None of that can happen because of what I know as a retired teacher of 27 years. Sorry, you don't have a clue about reality in education. You will spin you wheels just like the others before you. I'll wait to see how serious you are about all this.
well then give more decision making power back to the local community
Are you still here?
Then the first thing that needs to be done, is the act of your resignation!
I said this b4, focus on progressively teaching grade school children programming languages, basics in robotics / AI. How to build, program, and repair / troubleshoot errors. By the time they reach Junior, they should ALL be highly proficient in robotics/AI. THIS IS THE FUTURE.
If this is your true desire...then change your vouchers to include education for the Homeless, immigrant and special needs
If you believe this, then why are you taking money from public schools and giving it to private schools? We need to fix our public schools and get rid of common core, not demolish the school system. Public schools need to be able to hire more teachers, better teachers
In order to improve. We also need to get rid of standardized testing.
To give true choices to parents, shouldn’t private schools and charter schools be included in that?
https://bradberger29.wordpress.com/2018/01/18/wisdom/ … please read
Then increasing funding to schools so that more teachers can be hired (and stop the average class size from growing) would go a long way
do it...the system is antiquated
The Public Student Loan Forgiveness program helps people do just that when they graduate and enter into their desired careers. You are see-through @BetsyDeVosED - your greed and vast conflicts of interest are all full display. Do you even know what good is? #SavePSLF
And your solution is to divert money from public education? What a pathetic joke.
Where was the money diverted to?
Then fully fund public education including additional funds to address poverty, trauma, and special education. Your current policies oppose all of this by believing the private sector can fix these issues with no accountability
Public schools already support the diverse needs of the students they serve, including varying instruction and pacing.  You consistently make unsubstantiated, uninformed claims to support an agenda that directly benefits you.  Resign!
On a serious note, you've been in this position for a year now.  What, if anything, have you honestly done?  What a waste.
With your extensive experience and decades spent in education I'm sure you will come up with some great ideas.
WE NEED CHANGES NOT CHOICES.....Private school doesn’t solve all problems. Many charter and private schools have issues too. You are a BIG FAILURE as a Secretary of Education!
Stormy wants your job. She is more qualified.
Translation-“Let me take away even more public education funding”
It is time to declare Affirmative Action unconstitutional once and for all!
@BetsyDeVosED Let’s abolish COMMON CORE. My 1st graders homework is a joke. What should take 10 minutes takes 45 minutes. Enough is enough. Our kids aren’t Guinea Pigs.
I will hold my public school students up to anyone’s students! Stop demeaning public schools!
If your public school is good, then it should have no fear of “educational choice”.  In most cases, parents just want whats best for their kids and will choose what’s best. Hopefully your school fits that description.
Go away.
You and your team are doing a great job for our youth. Keep it up. #MAGA
You will need to focus the bulk of your efforts in rural areas where there is less school choice than in urban areas.
Make charter schools accept all students and provide services for students with learning disabilities instead of cherry picking only the “good ones”
