Tracking students would alleviate this poor showing. Inclusion should be a parental choice not mandate. Inclusion works with music, art, gym, home econ, vocational, tech but not academics. Tracking by ability makes teachers more effective and students needs met!#MAGA #TrumpTrain
#EducationIsNotEugenics
Smaller classroom size makes a big difference. Split groups helps and hurts.  I graded standard exams for different states. Using calculator for 2+3 in high school algebra class is new norm for many. Mandatory kdg would alleviate a lot of issues.
We rank behind other countries because they do not test EVERY STUDENT like we do in the United States. Most countries test only those kids who are going on to college not the ones who have chosen a vocational track.
Your public service loan dept is incompetent. 20 years of public service with payments of $900 and no answer since October.
Hi Kelly. Can you provide us with more details on your situation? Is @MyFedLoan your servicer? Did you submit an Employment Certification Form already?
Yes and yes. Mohela was great and transferred loan after they found 120 qualifying payments. Mohela was concerned enough to resend loan history to myfedloan. I have lost hope at this point.
We reached out to FedLoan and they've got your account information and will be reaching out to you for follow up.
That's because the snowflakes are so busy protesting and building self-esteem.
YOU WANT TO KNOW HOW TO MASSIVELY IMPROVE EDUCATION IN OUR COUNTRY??!!!! Actually VALUE education and give it the FUNDS that it needs!!!!!!!!!!
Little Wonder. Get rid of Common Core.
Here's a big part of the problem
If I was in charge of education of our children, I would be deeply ashamed of myself. 
This self proclaimed  admission of incompetency is baffling. This logically shows that there is a major disconnect where the responsibility rests.
Other countries use progressive methods and the US clings to testing and teacher-bashing. The results speak for themselves.
A start would be deleting the DOE.
Being transparent is the only way to have the conversation that will begin to bring about change. There is no perfect system but we as educators need to be at the table with our best practices. With your leadership @BetsyDeVosED we can accomplish this. #itstartslocal
These IDIOTS are the ones judging our President??
The US is also one of the only countries in the world where EVERYONE, despite their socioeconomic status, gets an education.   Perhaps we need to stop blaming teachers and realize that while teachers teach,  they are also filling the roles of parents,social workers,& therapists.
Stop believing nonsense. Any child in Europe gets proper education. Hell, they can even enrol in university in many countries for next to nothing (around 2k a year in the Netherlands).
Nonsense?  The truth is nonsense?  As a public school teacher,  I represent every one of those roles daily, because I serve ALL kids.  And I'm not referring to UNIVERSITY.   I'm talking about K-12 public education.   By the way,  it's enroll,  not enrol.
Right, UConn basketball coaches get 10 million dollars a year. Here's an idea, how about free college that is actually free
Maybe a little more respect and pay for our educators would go a long way. Be very careful because one day you’re going to end up with no teachers! You can make numbers lie or at least paint a picture you desire. Our students are doing amazing as are our teachers.
How about free college that is actually free, and check this out 
...  http://changingcalculus.com 
Voucher program helps many get into schools that are actually funded and supplied well. We used that to get our kid out of an overpopulated school and into one that was in an high end neighborhood, the difference was astounding!!!
How about free college that is actually free
This so sad and not necessary. Unions have caused this. And Obama’s ruling about not expelling rowdy kids hurting other children from learning
How exactly have unions caused this?
Look at our country’s performance against other countries. TERRIBLE!  Unions don’t let school systems get rid of poor performing teachers. And yes. I have been a teacher and HAD to join teachers union
The idea of blaming the teacher on this issue isn't right. Why have we not looked at how ALL the countries ahead of us educate? Why have we not integrated the ways the countries who are more successful than us teach? Change the entire educational system, don't blame teachers.
We teachers have done *some* things that are being done in other countries, however with corporations profiting from the "testing" system, for profit charter schools, not fully funding education, not treating teachers as professionals,
70% of entering college freshmen read at a 9th grade level, too.
http://Changingcaculus.com 
Then fund our public schools!!! Give everyone a fair playing field and equip students with what they need to succeed! My students are not getting that at all!!
Provide services to fill gaps created by poverty - health & wellness screenings, medical care, mental health services, family counseling/support services - STOP DEFUNDING PUBLIC SCHOOLS
So let them read instead of spending so much time on worthless tests.
Do it like Finland
We need the NEA & all teachers' unions out of our schools NOW! Then the Fed Dept of Educ has to go. Leave ed to local & state govt.
By getting educated people in charge of education.
If you would ask educators how to help, we would gladly tell you. However, your true goal is to dismantle public education. Your state that uses vouchers set up by you, is one of the worst for failure. You're part of the problem!
The math problem... http://changingcalculus.com 
The problem began when @usedgov experimented with using NON-EDUCATION majors as classroom teachers. 
#CommonCore is a failure. 
Teaching certificates should be earned by completing classes. In CA, teachers complete 2 yrs post B.A. but in FL teachers are certified by assessments.
Here is part of the problem
Suggest you get a new Secretary.
And defunding education is going to help this?
You want this to go up make NAEP mandatory
Back to books, off technology, no more high stakes testing!
1 in 5 are dyslexic. Maybe if we address dyslexic students that would be a start
Yes and we have a president that doesn’t read and can’t spell!! Welcome to the new world order.
Anyone else curious as to what Betsy would score on these tests?
That's nothing to brag about though.
As designed by people like @BetsyDeVosED.  They don't want the peasants educated.  They want public ed destroyed.
*Double checks who is running Dept. of Education*

We’re fucked.
Parents need to read to their children NOT put an electronic device in front of them.  If this doesn’t stop it will only get worse!

Why would the DOE tweet a hit piece against itself?
3300-5k students heavily weighted in poverty is not representative of US education.
Disaggregated by income, the US always ranks in the top spots.
Get educated on the issue.
Because they worry the students to death on testing that in the end doesn’t do anything. They need to teach the basics more and do way with the complicated common core !
Addressing #dyslexia will improve the reading level at graduation and help curb HS drop out rates.
Agreed! Kicking the only True God and Father of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, the God of American founders was the beginning of our downwards spiral.  But @BetsyDeVosED @BetsyDeVos how can we reverse that without a national awakening to Jesus Christ again?
We are doing a lot worse since you took over??
Stop using statistics that compare apples to oranges. We test all students, not just those college bound as these other countries do. US schools are NOT ALL failing. Fund them, support them and their hard working teachers, like these countries do!
Betsy was great on 60 M & I m Democrat
The US came in dead last when the first international assessment was given in 1964. We typically score about the middle. That’s because we have very high levels of child poverty. Among OECD nations, we are #1 in child poverty.
Half the children in US public schools qualify for free or reduced price lunch, meaning they are officially poor by federal@standards. This is disgraceful. Poverty and inequality are a blight on our nation and hurt children and families.
The cause of low scores is poverty and segregation. What are you doing about causes.
@BetsyDeVosED YOU are destroying our education system.  RESIGN.

We should start with the firing of you.
Compare our poverty rates, and then we will talk. Our first world country has the highest rate of childhood poverty.
In part due to leaders in education like you.
I'm sure arming the teachers will help.
Change reading curriculum to the science of reading and our scores will increase. All kids can learn to read with the science of reading.
Smh . Our kids are on cell phone mode , Xbox,  playstation , iTunes,  and so are the parents . What we gonna do ?
That’s because idiots like you buy cabinet posts for which you are vastly unqualified and make decisions which line your own pockets and those of your crooked friends! 
The US could get a better cabinet if they went to IKEA!
Start with sending secretary back to school.   There’s not much between her ears
Betsy's going to make education worse....she's in this to make money and get her picture taken.
You forgot to mention that states with strong unions and a moratorium on charter expansion, like Massachusetts, perform much higher than the national average. #DeVosMustGo
Thanks for waking up. Now, how about doing something about it?
I have a plan. It is a BIG plan and one that is much needed. #edreform

You want in, @mohansrao?
If we must do better get rid of @BetsyDeVosED and fund public schools to the proper level!
Fake news
Our youth definitely need more options...contact us for a demo http://stemstars.org 
Proven by research and Practise Small Class Size Dramatically Improves Student Proficiency. It is Not Difficult for any Lay Person to Imagine How a Teacher with Fewer Students will have an easier time Teaching As well as Real Time Assessments of Student Proficiency.
Do better how? Seriously. There should be a whole thread following this tweet.
I have an idea, end poverty.
If @betsy Devos has never been in an underperforming public school how can she even assume what is needed.
An Award Assembly I Witnessed in Maryland Middle School. Korean American Students with Perfect Attendance Crowded The Stage with Some Whites and Some Blacks Students. Students Summoned to the Stage For Achieving Straight A s Again Huge Representation Korean American Students.
ManyParents Send their Kids to School to be Educated thinking that they Don't Need to Invest Their Time and Energy. ManySingle Hard WorkingParents Don't Have Time to Support their Child's Learning or are Intimidated Not helping their kids Having Not Done well in School Themselves
Comparing Apples and Oranges. More than 32% US Children Live in a Single Parent Household.Might that Singular Variable be a Significant Factor Why US Kids Do less well? Cultures with ExtendedFamily provide HomeSupport. Research Shows that Early Home Exposure Critical for Literacy
Maybe teachers should actually teach their student and question the curriculum that they r told to push out to their students! Actually teaching like they really care instead of always trying to push their own political beliefs upon the students! #killcommoncore #startTEACHING
This should lead to changes in our education system.
Yesthis is why we must address #dyslexia & other learning differences, ADD/ADHD, speech & language impairments, so that ALL CHILDREN CAN LEARN! Our teachers must learn how to screen, teach children who are suffering because of the lack of understanding, awareness&acceptance
Equal opportunity, even for lower income neighborhoods would be a good starting point.
What you don't say is that the nations that beat the US are not using charter schools as the remedy. They have actually invested in education - from attracting higher qualified teachers, eliminating social promotion, adding in individualized training. US is hammer to the screw
When my child moved from Canada when she was 3, she could already read. She loved to read. We lived all over the US. We are legal citizens. There is no good education in this country. Same history for years. I taught her everything she knows. Levels are low!
You can start by getting rid of DeVos. That soggy rag has no business running the DOE.
This is quite frankly just embarrassing. Do better, be better, spend better. Eh maybe use some of that giant military budget 
Absolutely!! This country spent more money in education than many others, and still the system keeps failing....let the schools succeed with their own curriculum, encourage and nourish the differences to bring democracy and excellence together.
@BetsyDeVosED ain't going to help you.

@BetsyDeVosED - my kids have gone through several school systems around the world and have received an excellent education. You want to know what they have in common? NOT DESTROYING PUBLIC EDUCATION.  And twice it's been in Scandinavia - you know, socialist country.  So shut it.
Here's a great idea. Arm teachers and they can encourage students to do better!
Yes @BetsyDeVosED our kids are unprepared & it won't change until there's qualified appointees who understand & care about public education.
You are the group that is supposed to be doing this... So thanks for announcing to everyone that you are failing at your job. Keep up the good work!! Dumbing down of America leads to more Presidents like @realDonaldTrump
and ZERO in leadership.  Your performance on 60 Minutes has us wondering what YOUR reading level is.
So, fund our public schools adequately & quit trying to syphon off money to private schools under the guise of choice vouchers. Our Sec Of Ed is a joke, appointed to dismantle the very system for which she has been charged. The @realDonaldTrump admin is white privilege run amok.
Yah, right. Let's give their teachers guns instead of money for books...
Yes, we should be doing better. Why don’t we start with ensuring schools are properly funded so there are enough teachers and supplies to provide students with the attention they need after being left behind by the privatization of our educational system? #SupportOurSchools
Parents need to take responsibility in the fact their child is not on grade level. Teachers are alone in a room with 35 kids trying to teach reading and math. Then the kids go home to sit in front of “Call of Duty”.
Do better by making it worse: The DeVos Way.
This has more to do with concentrated poverty. What are Republicans doing to help? #Nothing
https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/besty-devos-60-minutes_us_5aa5df73e4b086698a9f1117?utm_campaign=hp_fb_pages&utm_source=main_fb&utm_medium=facebook&ncid=fcbklnkushpmg00000063 …   
 Betsy DeVos Says She’s ‘Misunderstood,’ Then Struggles To Explain  Her Own Policies.  Education secretary also admits she hasn’t visited  under-performing schools. She can't do her job which makes it nearly  impossible to help our kids improve.
https://www.cnn.com/2018/03/12/politics/betsy-devos-60-minutes/index.html?sr=fbCNN031218betsy-devos-60-minutes0736AMVODtop …  
DeVos  struggles to answer basic questions about schools in her home state. If  she doesn't know about MI then why is she in the job?
Still we pay teachers like second-class citizens. And then we complain. 5 classes a day 10 months for a song.
Under Betsy’s “leadership” these numbers will get worse
Pumping money into low schools isn’t working. Split the kids, surround with higher level peers. Put tax dollars into the “average” students for whom there are no programs. Watch our global rank climb. #teachersknowmorethanyoudo #stopwastingmoney
Take away the screens and let their brains learn how to think!
It’s been a year. How many poor-performing schools has @BetsyDeVos visited? Has she seen conditions first-hand? Met with school staff? Opened a text book to see year published? If answer is no, she must resign. #incompetent
Maybe the Republicans could do a little funding?  Squeezing water from a rock is harder than it sounds.
But you won’t do better. Even as I write this, you’re wrecking education across the country, the way you did in Michigan. Please resign.
Invest in our public schools if you want to see improvement. Stop testing them three times a year. Teachers shouldn’t have 30 plus students per class.
I hope this is "Fake News" because this is not good. If it's true, then, I hope the government will look at the importance of making sure kids really understand AND memorize math facts. Two Plus Two Is NOT Five!
School systems in America are mostly babysitting centers, children have no business being in school 7 hours a day!
So of course, the corrective measure to be taken is... Take resources from the schools and give them to churches... Sheer genius.
And under your useless guidance we expect the  to keep falling behind. If you and Trump are products of private education you can keep it! You're both incompetent and both hiding behind fake Christianity. Resign!
We are going to have to get rid of @BetsyDeVosED so we can do better!
@MattJonesRadio you have a strong opinion re: the current Sec of Education. Fair enough, but none the less, this data shows that the most recent folks were apparently not so fantastic; nor that their strategies & concepts were so effective either.  
#GiveHerAChance 
Because our leaders hate education.
Getting rid of Betsy would be a start.
We'd do better if you'd resign immediately.  You know nothing about education or public service.  Shame on you.
What's worse is that 100% of our US Secratary of Education, and 100% of our Presidents of the United States also fail to read at a 4th grade level...
Get rid of DeVos, andthe Trump regime.
Learning starts at the home!! Start reading to your children the moment they are born
Stop blaming poverty, just because ur poor doesn't mean your unable to learn that is ridiculous.  Make PARENTS accountable for their kids success.  Stop the belief that some kids are at a disadvantage and giving them a break on grades by not failing them how does that help?
Keep out the low IQ students too
You’re absolutely right. So, HOW are YOU CHANGING this? WHAT ACTONS are YOU taking TODAY? My child can’t wait for tomorrow, the time is NOW?  #IDEAisAFAILURE #FAPEdenied #SpecialEdStudentsDeniedFAPE #DyslexicsDeniedFAPE #FAPE4ALL
Y'all say we must do better when your own secretary of education is shit! No scratch that, Trump & his entire cabinet are shit. Y'all tell us to do better, well how about YOU GIVE US MORE FUNDING AND BETTER OPTIONS
fuck y'all & your hypocritical privileged asses
The best school system in the world OUTLAWED PRIVATE SCHOOLS!
I taught Eng/Ed students at my univ & had to deal w/educ dept regularly. Incompetent & more worried about their own jobs than educ.
Get "education professionals" OUT of education for starters. Knowing how to teach is less important than knowing what to teach.
Hey - all those countries outperforming us have GREAT PUBLIC SCHOOLS.  And well funded Teachers.  ( who don't have to spend their own money for supplies.)  Maybe you should visit and learn something.
You are doing a crappy job.
The dumb ones are republicans and they are pulling our average down.  Can you help them?
Get rid of illegals go to merit based problem solved
McQueen HS in WCSD, Nevada has to cut 6 teacher allocations due to state budget shortfalls.  We need more funding for HQ teachers.
How? #stepdownbetsey. #youdonthaveaclue
Yet you have not visited under performing schools because?  I support vouchers and believe you should visit under performing charter and private/faith-based schools also.  Choice alone isn't helpful if a child moves from one under performing school to another.
Start with demolishing common core and socialist indoctrination. Teach academics and civics using a multi sensory approach.
Our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump is also unprepared for government, does that mean we need more unprepared people ?
Stop the AFT and NEA pushing their socialistic agenda in our schools. Republican parents need a better option than the propaganda in our schools by these liberals. School choice. They are ruining our boys in public schools.
We need to stop funding school systems through property taxes. We need to change our mindset in this country to truly value education for all children. All children should be equal in the education they receive. Religious education shouldn't be primary focus. Think Finland.
Provide full funding for public education; stop trying to take money away from schools.  We can do better, but only if we, as a country, value education and stop berating the teachers who work hard so all kids can be successful.
When you include the effect of poverty, the US ranks near top of world. Examples: Carnoy, M & Rothstein, R. 2013 What Do International Tests Really Show Us about U.S. Student Performance.Economic Policy Institute. Payne, K. & Biddle, B.1999 Educ, Res. 28(6):4-13.
Then what are your suggestions?  Please STOP the excessive testing in our schools. Let our teachers teach. Group classrooms by ability so teachers can individualize learning instead of teaching to the middle.
This is what that pin head meant by #maga ???
This is misleading data and an inappropriate post by @usedgov  without having provided important context with which people could understand what they are looking at better. #edchat
Im still waiting for you to cite your sources.
That's "no child left behind", if they can't read, they shouldn't pass.
Perhaps it’s in part due to our demands of TOO many standards and pieces of the curriculum. Decrease the amount of items they must master at each age and the children might be able to actually master them.
Yes take the public school money so the kids that can choose the school they go to are stuck in an underfunded public school. You’re a nightmare
How can you have no idea how schools are performing in our home state of MI? Now you are heading up gun control for the WH?  Pathetic
Perhaps the stunningly ignorant Betsy DeVos is a big problem? Fire her, give our schools a fighting chance.
Address poverty and the difference is astounding. You are propagating a false message.
What do you plan to do about this? In the US the #1 predictor of a school's "success" is the socio-economic level of the families. How do we serve the students at the "underperforming" schools? They can't all just leave and go to charter and private schools.
4th graders reading below level are not children of the rich, they’re underserved because of a two tiered educational system. Every child’s seat is worthy of the same funding! Clueless, elitist #DEVOSMUSTGO. Disastrous #60Minutes interview is proof.
So much for #CommonCore-#Education's sad legacy.
Fortunately that disaster is now over and things could be better within about 7 years (the minimum time it takes to teach a child logical Maths properly).
No child left behind... because if you pass them without learning anything, you become President or Secretary of Education...
Well, let's put an idiot in charge. Oh wait, that happened.
Charter Schools are no better. Especially Gulen Charter Schools teachers are uncredentialed and can't speak English h1b visa teachers. #WhoIsGulen
Then how about letting teachers teach?
DUH that's what happens when you spend tons of money on the military and give tax breaks to corporations while teachers/schools suffer from the lack of basic supplies.
you can start by restoring education and not reforming it.  Stop teaching kids what to think and go back to teaching them how to think.  Get Fed out of Ed #REPEALESSA #RESTOREFERPA stop the insanity ! @POTUS
YES WE CAN, WE CAN DO SO MUCH BETTER THEN WE ARE WITH DeVOS.  DeVOS HAS SPIRITED SO MANY PUBLIC STUDENTS INTO PRIVATE SCHOOLS OUR PUBLIC SYSTEM IS IGNORED.  INSTEAD OF FOCUSING ON OUR PUBLIC EDUCATION SYSTEM, ARMING TEACHERS & WHAT BATHROOM A STUDENT USES SEEMS TO TAKE PRECEDENCE
And what would be your solution? The next 2.0 edition of "21st Century, rigorous, college-and-career-ready, yada, yada, yada" content standards like #CCSS, accompanied by intrusive, longitudinal data-mining and high-stakes tests & evals? Yeah, THAT will work- not! #RepealESSA
Unfortunately, the problem is due to a confluence of factors with no simple solutions. There is a lack of social support infrastructure in poor rural/urban areas and little parity invested in poorer schools.
And Betsy no doubt wants to use her brilliant mind to find ways to make sure that three out of three 4th graders can’t read at grade level and to get those numbers of unprepared students up.  She’s a national disgrace.
End tenure fire bad teachers.  Merit Pay for great teachers.  Vouchers for kids in failing schools.  End the PC BS get back to Basics.  Send discipline problem kids to special schools to get them out of regular classrooms.  Eliminate layers of bureaucracy.  JM
Stop common core and standardized testing, then you will see us rise!
No no no...let's just keep throwing good money on top of bad money. Our public schools are just fine according to all the critics on Twitter that watched #60Minutes
Not with you heading up the agency.   Maybe, just maybe you should visit the poorly functioning public schools?  #getaclue
What other proof do you need to discontinue The Common Core Agenda and get back to tried and true teaching methods ? Reading, Writing, Arithmetic and Science.
Well then we need then we need to reel back on the amount of standards required to be taught, as well as the emphasis placed on state mandated assessments. Ask any teacher (the experts) and they will say the same thing. The people with the most expertise are ignored by the gov’t.
Can we get some more detailed analysis of these numbers please?
Well, we are kind of screwed right now with Betsy the Bear Hunter running the show.
We need a better Secretary of Education to do that.
Yep, so reject the @gop #TrumpTaxScam and put the wealthy welfare tax breaks into public schools.
Solved!
The BEST way to MAKE IT BETTER is to get rid of the woman who's running it @BetsyDeVosED
I have met those 4th graders as they have become adults. They have evolved according to the GOP plan and make perfect Republican voters.
Of course Betsy can relate to teachers! All teachers are eager to relax in their summer homes after an arduous school year!
My elementary school doesn't have the funds to keep our school library open. How are you helping us?
It sounds like priorities are misplaced at your school. How much of the budget goes to new (crappy) books? Or mandatory testing which only serves to take students out of classroom? Let’s get the Fed out of the education business. Abolish the @usedgov
And by books, I mean garbage textbooks pushed by greedy publishers

Sec. of Education Betsy DeVos struggles to answer fairly basic questions on school performance on 60 Minutes 
Fund our schools, increase teachers pay, and respect their input.  @BetsyDeVosED has no clue
Says Billionaire Betsy. @BetsyDeVosED  earned her Business Ec BA in 1979.She used her billionaire status to purchase her US Sec Ed seat by donating to @GOP. 
Does this study take into account that many other countries don’t educate all children or that kids are put into a high school that specialize in their strengths?
Public schools are a disgrace.  Need to get back to basics.  Left has used our kids as pawns to promote globalist agenda.  Who cares if they can read as long as they can spew out lefts propaganda.
Lowered standards are setting this generation up for failure.
Unlike all of the schools that rank ahead of us, the United States educates EVERY child.  We educate children who come from impoverished homes and a scarcity of resources. And we do it with a secretary of education who has never taught a day in her life.
#Amen
#FireDeVos
Then, let's fund schools, pay teachers, and diminish standardized test importance
