Check out our latest: Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos visits MSD
http://eagleeye.news/news/secretary-of-education-betsy-devos-vists-msd/ …
Why did you run away from your press conference?
Cowardice
She was there for PHOTO OPS ONLY.   #ResignBetsy  #DumpDevos
And it wasn't even for photo-ops. So she could grift and appear like she's doing her job. Holy crap.
.@Aly_Sheehy FYI - Betsy DeVos uses FL school visits to expense long weekend trips (via Private Jet) to Vero Beach (Mansion) & West Palm (156ft Yacht at Rybovich Yard). Maybe you guys can get a pic of her having…

When does that “listening and acting” start?
You didn’t accomplish anything and there was a gun at the school, but no bear!
Did you arm the dog with an AK-15 or what? You can never be too safe in the crazy world, Best Devoid.
Resign.
Blah, blah, blah. 1 tweet from a MSD student is more impressive than EVERYTHING you've said. I'll bet most of them cd do yr job better than you do. In fact, I doubt it wd tax any of them much bec. you're not very good at what you're doing.
you didn't even meet with the people there.  Just used the school as a prop for your press conference.  Pathetic
You really need to do a better job of representing the department of education. You need to actually work with those who oppose you and not just surround yourself with people who support your agenda.
So you never visited any classrooms. only briefly met in a media area  & then questions started that required an honest answer you ran from the place..
Wow that's leadership.
Alllllll this was  just a photo op  for you & everyone there knows it.
You didn't bring anything to help
Gee Betsy, do you ever get the feeling that people just aren't buying your bullshit?
You did nothing but per a dog. Get over yourself.
Apparently you didn't speak with even one student. Is this true? If so, why not?
Lets be honest the kids enjoyed the visit by @DwyaneWade more today.
By like a million percent.
#Resign
it is a shame that you did not actually sit down with any of the students, and that you actually walked out of your press conference. How's that listening and acting stuff going? #NeverAgain #MSDstrong
I think this is the best example so far of how she doesn't care about kids.
I agree. She only cares about her bank account, if that.
Brave Sir Betsy...run away! run away!

Is that the school you stayed for a short while, pet a dog, and left?
Tell the truth Madame Secretary, you’re only committed to figuring out how you can legally award a “school security” contract to your brother.
Kill any Grizzlies with AR-15s?
Betsy DeVos's brother-in-law is Eric Prince who owns Backwater company which is now called Academi
Academi is a private military company founded in 1997.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Academi 
Thank you for sharing this info.  I’m a little slow connecting all the dots to all the breaking news, but the puzzle pieces are starting to fit together nicely. And I believe Prince & Devoss are siblings.  Guessing her surprise trip to FL today was to pull some heat away from bro
Ah yes
Translation:  "I have absolutely no idea what I'm doing and can offer no solutions but I will put on a creepy smile for any photo-op to make it seem like I care."
perhaps you should have listened to the kids. They report your visit was BS
You're such an embarrassment.
Love. Read the room. You’re about as welcome as a mono outbreak. #doyourjob
Kyra is still waiting for your answer.    Today I asked you what your personal agenda was. Today I asked what were YOU going to do to make sure what happened at my school never happened again. Your answer was unacceptable, it was not informative and honestly, BS.
To the lady holding a cigar and a drink....I’m confused??? How did you ask her a question???
Huh?
Your CNN interview was sobering, but hardly inspiring...
Then why didn't you answer Kyra's question? What are YOU committed to doing?
Did you give the students tips on how to make sure they don't upset loan debt collectors?
What is meaning of obligation?
You purchased your position and you think bears attack schools. You're unintelligent and unqualified for the job.
Name 4 students you spoke with today.  #betyoucant
#BanAssaultRifles
Did you sit down with any of the students? Did you listen to their questions? Did you give them any answers? Did you do anything to comfort them, to ease their fears? No? Thought not. This was just a planned photo for your benefit. Shame on you!
Your speech to the student body was both sincere and inspiring.   Oh wait....
Was it sobering because, hopefully, you realized you missed an important opportunity to engage with these young people NOW. They are very disappointed.
Jerk
Secretary of education Betsy Devos spoke to me and only a hand full of students. She did not properly answer my only question. She did not sit down with any students and asked what we wanted. Douglas has 3,000…
Excrement.
Solution - ban on semi-automatic weapons.   Even you should be smart enough to know that.
The best solution is for you to resign! You know NOTHING about public education!
It may have been more productive had you been willing to take the tough questions. The public is angry Betsy. Time to read the tea leaves- the GOP must leave power. #ParklandStrong
Betsy is only committed to one thing! Lining her pocket while in her figurehead post as Secretary
Serious questions:  Did u talk to staff? Did u talk to parents? Did u talk to students? If not, then u have absolutely NO idea what they went through. U did NOT listen. U stood around, petted a dog, smiled, and ran out of ur own news conference. #notgoodenough
She is a stuck up rich politician, what should you expect LOL
#LibtardBullies
Your account is way different than the kids- you lying billionaire worthless soul! You are the worst thing for our kids and their education and you need to resign and go back to being rich and irrelevant
@EagleEyeMSD They thought your visit was a waste of time and we’re disappointed you couldn’t answer their basic questions.Sad!
If you can’t take the heat, vacate the position.
You didn’t even speak with the students. You answered five questions from the media and walked away. You said you’d like to have a discussion NEXT TIME you are there. Did you even have a purpose for this trip??
You are fool and a fraud DeVos. 
#resistance

That she is!  #DumpDeVos
I can't wait until this administration is over, and we can restart our progress.
Or did you encourage them to respond to the debt collectors from the firm you invested in so it can make more money off their borrowing?
Swamp filling back up?
it is almost as if the swamp wasn't drained at all!
From multiple reports, it seems clear you didn’t answer any questions, nor offer any substantive goals, plans, nor ideas.  Once again, Dear, you get an F. #FforDeVos
we have a totally unqualified person heading the education department. She should be the poster child for the slogan “its money that matters.”  And, if she honest-she would acknowledge that her goal is to totally destroy the department she leads.
Look out! Bear!
Do you ever actually say anything that has meaning? Or quantifiable outcomes? Lots of words. No actions.
Who exactly did you listen to while you were there for your photo op?
Did you spend time with kids?  Really.  Did you have a sit down with actual students and listen?
They destroyed your non-visit so really, have some humility.
Not according to the students. You actually thought they’d fall for the meaningless word-salad you spilled all over the cafeteria floor?
You're a vile human being that shouldn't have been allowed to buy your way into our children's futures
Spot on.
Why didn't you sit and talk with the students?
Because @BetsyDeVos is spineless. She only tows the line she doesn't inspire she doesn't lead.
I agree. 

But now I don't know if it's "toes the line" like keeping your toes lined up with the other people in the line, or "tows the line" like a tugboat.
You are useless!  Why do you even bother?
Ok, listen to this.... please resign. 
Love,
Every Single Teacher
Inspiring? How so, Betsy, considering you refused to meet with the kids? What inspired you, your paycheck?
She probably donated to the NRA after the meeting.  #DumpDevos
You’re a DISASTER
It would have been so funny if they had thrown produce at you
You should have asked them to demonstrate what has to be done during drills so you can really experience just how sobering the education system is
Acting? HAHAHA! When? Where?
Why didn't you listen today?
Politicians do listens.  It’s  pathetic hi school students couldn’t conduct themselves in an adult manner 2day. No 1  persons’ suggestion, self proclaimed solution is goin 2 prevent this from happening! What then! I’m sure U have those answers as well. U O Besty DeVos an apology!
Politicians has been listening... NRA's money.  Besty DeVos went to deliver a message that followed the same, more guns in schools, what should have been their reaction? I thought it was very respectful...
You accomplished absolutely nothing. Which is pretty much all you’ve done since you took, I’m sorry, bought your position.
Hi Bets, here's something you can act on. Attend public school for one week, choose 1 grade per day and attend classes to get an idea of how schools actually work. Then, and only then will you understand.
All of the tweets the students put out that I saw today - every single one - said all you did was dodge questions. Also, unless you plan on putting teachers through real combat as part of their training, they have no business having a gun in a classroom. They’re not soldiers|cops
You are a tragedy to our nation. Appalling and greedy and wouldn’t know intellect if it fell on you. I wish for you clarity and the intelligence to act upon it; neither of which I am expecting. #karmawillnotbekind
Really?  Why did you walk out instead of talking to the students?  You’re worthless. Resign.
Why did you NOT meet with the students?   You are a joke and a fraud!  #MSDStrong #NEVERAGAIN
You left without speaking or listening to the students affected, how is that inspiring?? You are the worst Sec. Of Education in history!!
The kids said you would not sit and answer their questions. Sad.
Yes,Betsy Devos showed up for a failed photo Op at MSD HS.

Can a reporter please ask her the purpose of her visit & why she disrespected the students like this?
They love you, they really love you.        

You have as much compassion and  meaningful ideas as a rattlesnake
I understand that you spoke to 3 people and pet a dog. Your visit was the opposite of inspiring.
You’re a horrible person and the only friends you have are Nazis.
Really? Prove it.
You are unfit to do your job! #Resign
You are absolutely disgusting.
You have systematically made schools less safe especially young women. Go back and sell Amway, today was a photo op for you.
You’re disgraceful. Resign.
Delusional Devos
If there's such a thing as reincarnation, you're totally coming back as a cum stain on a transsexual donkey's taint.

Resign - you aren't qualified, and you don't care about those kids. You were putting on an insincere performance piece.

P.S. I hope you're willing to contribute to your brother's future legal defense. Go read the WaPo piece on Mueller looking into Erik's Seychelles meeting.
You are a failure #Resign
Well, that was a meaningless statement.  In other words, do nothing.
I cannot express how much I am bothered by the fact that you are Secretary of Education.  It is a travesty!
So embarrassing.
Wha the fuck does that mean?meaningless visit and meaningless commentary.  Your not committed to anything.
you are committed to destroying public schools, taxpayers supporting Christian mind factories, and for-profit schools -  your brother Erik Prince wants for-profit killing mercenaries instead of U.S. military - you will BOTH be driven out for good along with Trump and his minions!
You didn’t even talk to the students, you unqualified, waste of oxygen.
You are fooling nobody except yourself. Time to get out.
Resign
Betsy DeVos's appointment to the Cabinet has always seemed suspect. She had no experience or background in education. But, as Eric Prince's sister, it make sense. The same way that selecting Elaine Chao for her position. Why? Other than to keep Mitch McConnell in line.
Waiting until you, and your corrupt traitor brother, are in jail. I have champagne chilling for the occasion...
How many kids did you meet? I hear it was 3. You’re in over your head. RESIGN.
Then get rid of the guns. It's that simple. This does NOT happen in other countries.
Bull @BetsyDeVosED ...you care not from the comments we are hearing. You are a sham, just like your bro
Solid F  @BetsyDeVosED flunked out at MSD
"Acting" on whose behalf?
, you're a total freaking ass just like Trump
The students said you ignored them.  You should not be allowed within 100 yards of a public school. You are a direct threat to education.

Guns don't belong in schools and neither does Betsy DeVos.
Amen
Enjoy maybe your worst ratio to date
You didn't even speak with the students! You didn't address their concerns. How "sobered" are you really?
I hope you were inspired by the bravery of these students and teachers so that maybe you can start to be brave enough to engage in productive discussion in real schools with real people. Sadly, the way you behaved showed nothing but fear. #MSDstrong #DevosDosentGetIt #NRApuppet
Do you really think anyone takes you seriously at this point, or are you just putting in the bare minimum of lip service and wallpaper to keep your nazi base happy? Also, way to backfire! Those students hate you now more than before you snubbed them yesterday for a photo op.
you're doing an awesome job of nothing in a nothing administration.  sounds like they really warmed up to you. #whitehouseMeltdown  #corruption 
#trump #betsydevos #betsydevoidOfAnyQualifications
You did NOTHING! Crooked, incompetent is what you are. Resign! You are a disservice to education" it's students and teachers. Go back to crappy Amway.
Is that why you quickly left to get ready to board your yacht??? Get a Clue and resign
Maybe your voucher program will help 
You’ve always reminded me of Cruela DeVile because she also wanted to skin puppies just as you want to skin children of their safety, freedom, and education and that’s only naming the top 3.

Listening? Really? Is that why the students of #MSD are ALL saying you either ignored them, side stepped their questions or answered completely different ones?
They #CallBS We #CallBS EVERYONE sees your BS now. These kids are stronger than you give them credit for
How was it sobering?  You wouldn’t answer their questions and only met with a few. I heard you also pet a dog. Do better. Do your damn job!
Indeed,  the students were so moved by your visiting them on your 15 minute lunch break ...
No one believes you, you are corrupt and bought
Incompetent POS.  Go away already.
I hope you realize that you and your family are being written up in the history books as traitors to the USA!
Don't forget about the grizzly bears though. Those bastards can be vicious down there in Florida.
Start by resigning. That would be a step in the right direction. #unqualified
She bought the seat, or did someone, like maybe her brother buy it for her?
She only cares about the rich, white, and snobby kids. Sadly...


Cool! So your homework is to deliver us a concrete plan by the end of March on how you plan to do that. Make sure there is a cover page and it is 1.5 spaced- NOT DOUBLE SPACED, we’re not financing the paper industry here.
What I’ve read from 100% of the kids at that school I think 100% of this tweet is false.
It's too bad that your visit was just a photo op, since you didn’t answer any questions from the few students that you "talked with".
Your Twitter Bio has a mistake it it-- says Advocate for children. Needs to be updated. Oh - and why are you qualified?
Today’s visit was a photo op for you. Period
Dear @BetsyDeVosED 
You know what would be sobering?  You sitting through a documentary of what it sounds like to be fired on by an AR15 complete with graphic depictions of what an AR15 does to the human body. Maybe then you will have earned the right to "listen."
You’re only in this for the money, Betsy. Stop playing the empathy card, you clearly aren’t capable of feeling it.
Glad you got sober, Grizzly Betsy. Now resign.
You're a total fraud
@BetsyDeVosED  Really? How can you say that when you didn't meet with any students? What did you do there? Have coffee with the principal and then get back in your limo?
You’re doing a wonderful job especially getting rid of common core. Keep it up. And if they’re yelling it means you’re on target God bless
RESIGN!
No questions from kids?  Nothing to say to them?  Not exactly a profile in courage, are you?
Listening?  Then why did you walk out?  #Unqualified  #PublicSchoolProud #Resign
Ms. DeVos, you cannot fight fire with fire. And you cannot, in any capacity, think the answer to gun violence in schools is to bring more guns into the picture. Shame on you and this administration. You disgust me.  #GunReform #gunreformnow #AssaultWeaponsBan #mentalhealth
You are proof that Holland public schools are better. Please move to another state.
You can't BS these students. They know you and this WH are complicit with NRA..shame. Resign.
Kinda like how I was “committed” to going to the gym this new year?
Why did you even bother tweeting this bullshit, Betsy?

I bet y’all spent more time picking words for this tweet than you did actually listening to students for solutions. #BetsyDeVos #Parkland #studentvoice
You did nothing really today but make an appearance you don’t care about public schools
Bullshit
Ms. DeVos: As part of your “commitment claim,” please provide a written plan and time schedule for follow-up as any professional would. Please include a schedule for providing weekly progress reports as evidence, or lack thereof, of your commitment. Otherwise, I call BS.
You spoke to three people and pet a dog. Why did you even go there?
You didn't even speak to students, you incompetent profiteer!
No one believes you think this.  It is so obvious that you don't.
Resign
Just who did you listen to? From what I hear, it sure wasn't the students!!!!!
Could you be more specific about your proposed solutions? And give us a timeline for acting?
#GaslighterDeVos
didn’t you only say hello to two students and pet a dog and leave???
What does is cost is in security to protect your sorry ass, DeVos, the first Dept. of Education secretary that has ever needed security. And for our American dollars, you can't even sit down and talk to these students looking for answers from educators. Why were you there??!!
You're a fraud!!! Quit already!!
You are corrupt, incompetent and your “policies” will destroy public education. Photo ops will not make you a better person-especially if this ilk. Sad lady you are. #electaclownexpectacircus 
Is it true that you didn't event take the time to meet with the students? Are you really that much of a coward? Was this just a photo opp moment for you? I can promise you, the tragedy that happened at this school wasn't a photo opp moment for them.
You're a truly awful person who cares nothing about America's children. #Resistance #GunControlNow
Ms. DeVos; please do your job by protecting students first, last, and always. PUBLIC schools need funding for stuff like school supplies and NOT more guns. Thank you.
In other words, the Deep State knows that citizen riots and protests will eventually be required to remove President Trump from office.  And they used Philly to send the message to the purple revolutionaries nationwide.
“We are committed not only to listening, but acting,” she says as she ‘answers’ 5 questions, runs away from a press conferences and pets a dog. Is that what you call doing your job? Seems a lot like avoiding it if you ask me.
What a nothing answer. #ResignNOW 
#GunControlNow
Betsy DeVos is a liar and a coward. Answering questions is part of her job and evidently she doesn't care.
0 commitment to anything LIAR. You spoke to a few handpicked kids. You refused to speak to the student body, refused to have the media there and ran like a scared chicken from YOUR OWN news conference. So listen up, your time/Trump's is almost over. Thank God for America.
You barely saw the students. And no way would you take their questions. You're pro-NRA, American Taliban, enriched by a huge pyramid scheme your family ran. Resign.
I read the first 500 replies @BetsyDeVosED Not one of them is favorable. Are you getting it now? You used these amazing teens at MSD as a photo op. Shame on you.
So will you be marching with the students on March 24 in Washington? #MarchForOurLives
She’s a total fraud.
Yup.
Visit school. Talk to a few people. Run out on the press. Resign. #shameless #notmysecretary
Aye, right 
Perhaps you missed the reality you purposefully overlooked at your #PhotoOp by not speaking to the students.
#NeverAgain https://twitter.com/schmalisonkemp/status/971236610095370241 …
We have far more than "random shooters" to be concerned with in today's greatly changed world.  Lessons learned from 17 years ago and made public 15 years ago.  Who will listen now?  #Awareness #Prevention #Intervention #Support  Volunteers- yes. But paid elite agents a must!
