MOMENTS AGO  @virginiafoxx on the House floor: "Making #SchoolChoice available to more families should be a priority for all of us." 
Not at the expense of public schools.
Charter schools are public schools
No - they’re run by corporations with public dollars.
It actually depends on the state (states being the government who should set education policy). In MO they must be sponsored by a school district or university.
Being sponsored by and being run by are two different things
1/2 Charter schools are not beholden to the laws and regulations that public schools are, yet they drain public funds. They create a revolving door of underqualified educators who burn out due to over scheduling and poor training.
Under the guise of “school choice” rich people like DeVos can get tax breaks for sending their kids to private schools, which they would do anyway.
A legit argument.... to bad you follow it up with race baiting and name calling. Most school choice laws amount to tax breaks to people who already send kids to private schools as the credit alone don’t cover tuition and schools don’t admit more poor students than the have to.
It has 2 b avail 2 everyone, otherwise it’s #discrimination. I want 2 know ur ideas 4 resolving #DyslexiaDenial Crisis in U.S.? If it’s Schools Choice, pls tell me. I’m facing $50,000/yr for next 9 yrs at Private Dyslexic School. This is not affordable, this is NOT #FAPE!
I'm lying awake in panic at the same prospect for my family, wondering why so few families win in due process and why we are facing financial ruin so our child can learn to read.  WTH is wrong with this country that this is ok?
(R 1/2) I’ve been passionate American ALL my life, I pay my taxes, etc. Then my child was ID #Dyslexic in 2015. I Advocated 2 point of gaslighting by School District. Like you, I spend sleepless nights in panic & fear over my child’s Civil Right 2 learn 2 read, write & spell.....
You should be ashamed of your actions as another human being. Your deceit will unravel and you’ll have nothing left. You’re just as bad as any rapist
You are totally unqualified.  You should have expected criticism as you whittle away the rights of students and disrespect professionals in education.
Here’s a question: WHY?
Does she have ownership in student loan and debt collection agencies like you?
MOST PROBABLY! Investments that produce a good dividend/year!

is that the best you can do?

one



word?

"Agreed."

I have two words for you, @BetsyDeVos 

"Because grizzlies."

#grizzlies
#MAGA 
#ReleaseTheTexts 
#NoDACA 
#BuildTheWall 
#AmericaFirst 
#DrainTheSwamp 
#VoterID 
#FireRodRosenstein 
#FireShepSmith 
#FireMuellerNow
Congratulations, Betsy! You just wrote your very first complete sentence.
Teaching #dyslexic children should be a priority for all of us also. Illiteracy affects the entire population.  If you want to get the public behind you, switch gears and focus on dyslexia, the most common learning disability, for which our teachers have no training to remediate.
Yes! Ditto

I’m sorry which public school did you ever attend?
God love you Betsy. Parents should have pro choice for their pro life of their children.
Can you please think this through?
Sorry! But you are requesting an impossibility! Betsy deVoss is completely ignorant about the public education system and has no interest to learn. Her personal investment is in private schools! $ is the god she adores!

Michigan Gambled on Charter Schools. Its Children Lost. - The New York Times
DeVos champions online charter schools, but the results are poor
Unbelievable! DeVos is headlining @Harvard’s Koch-backed conference on school choice—w/ no critics of school choice:
DeVos voucher plan would exacerbate educational inequality | TheHill
As long as with private schools she can get a higher dividend at the end of the year, who cares?Her mission is not education, her mission is to develop her private school company to the point that every family has two or three children attending her private schools! $$$!

@BetsyDeVosED 
- Why are y'all so MEAN to me?

everyone answers…
I would be an opportunity for you to further erode the nation's public education system for the sake of more money

I sent message to Betsy Devos and copied POTUS, on a idea to create a platform for herself and the edjucation system. #Reply?
You are immensely unqualified for the position you hold.
Yes Choice, Still wanting you to fully understand this https://studentrunbusiness.com  if given a choice many would choose this. If the President knew about this and our vision my phone would be ringing off the wall. A shame we can't reach you, a shame we can't show @POTUS save millions
Please go away! Just open the door and walk out and never come back!
how is ECOT doing? You only care about lining your pockets. @virginiafoxx is a disgrace who wants to make it harder for teachers to pay back loans. You're both EVIL.
YES because common core is really not working out for our kids! This is a lesson our children are subjected to every day! @realDonaldTrump @whitehouse ! My GOD what has happened to @usedgov
Disagreed.
In case noone has reminded you today, you are an awful human who is no way qualified for the position you hold.
I agree, and as a tax payer, no private or charter school should receive money from federal funds. Only public schools deserve that money. Hit me up Betsy and let's have a real discussion on money and schools and the way politicians, including yourself, have ruined education here
You’re both wrong .
How about standing up for kids, then? Or reading a book on federal schools and how they work?
Get rid of all Common Core Curriculum
Nobody important gives a shit what you think. Resign! How have you not been fired?
Part of .School .Choice should also include kicking mandatory .Biased .Bully .Google and .Fake .News .CNN out of the public schools. Both companies have a history of favoritism to The .Nefarious .Shadow .Government.
oh lord @BetsyDeVos @BetsyDeVosED is still around? Well 2018 just started, enough good ones were taken, time to start losing some bad ones.
Anything to keep the poor kids down, right Bets?
Sorry Ms Betsy... as an educator of 32 years in Glynn County... priority in education is quality teaching for EVERY child.... not choosing which school.
#BetsyDeVos, is your support of homeschooling really such a good idea? You are putting kids at risk & their education will suffer. Your latest homeschoolers in the news:
Betsy, you're a sham like this entire administration. We know it. You know it. Your life has been a WASTE.
It’s the only way out of poverty for millions off kids.
Sec DeVos: WALDORF Schools, Waldorf Education . . . THE best educational model EVER. Thank you.
More cash in your family pocket
Vouchers only if accepted as full payment and all students accepted by lottery.  Othewise, just a stipend for wealthy and $50,000 a year schools!
School choice is gr8 but unless “choice” schools know how to effectively close skills gaps endemic w/ hi pov kids, choice no better than ___(>$, community schools, federal mandates, common core, pay 4 perf, etc) in impvg outcomes for maj of our Title I kids.
if tax dollars are used, then no disparity should exist.
@EdWorkforce @virginiafoxx how about making all schools equal so there would be no issue. #everyonedeservesaeducation
#NoSchoolVouchers
Betsy, talk to Public Schools Nationwide and have each state in the country open at least one 4-year high school where the curriculum is computer science for all 4 years. We would not need to import programmers from India or Asia, and US kids could make 100K out of high school.
You are so eloquent!
Assuming they aren’t running a house of horrors.
Shut up. You literally don’t know anything about anything.
At the cost of kids who have no choice...
#ComplicitGOP
I hope we are taking steps to:
Rid our schools of PC, socialism, mentally weak kids, safe spaces, useless spontaneous protests. Disallowing freedom of speech for all citizens . Antifa Faschists on school grounds, hold schools accountable that don't guarantee the above.
#boughtandpaidfor #privatizationshill
You are an #unqualifified #ivorytowerelitistcoward who bought your seat. For those of us that fought for this country to earn our place, you are a broken promise and dishonor that @realDonaldTrump should fix. #RethinkDeVos
#RethinkDeVos
Not at the expense of traditional public schools. As a teacher at a public charter (where my son also attends) I can say that WE DO NOT WANT OUR FUNDING AT THE EXPENSE OF OTHERS’. If increased funding for ALL education was the goal, great. But that’s not what you’re doing.
Not for proponents of high quality public education.  I would be honored to be the first educator @BetsyDeVosED or @BetsyDeVos follows on Twitter. #txed
Keep them dumb Betsy ....
You're pathetic and should be ashamed of yourself.
@realDonaldTrump and his motley, greedy, selfish administration full of inept, obscenely wealthy people is plotting to screw over my special needs child's access to healthcare, education, and an independent future. Momma Bears have long memories.
no love-lost memory for 'haters and fools'

you're blocked
Betsy Devious, stop destroying our public schools!
You’re more interested in making companies that you’ve invested in rich by gutting public education
What do you do all day?
Yeah, so cities can be segregated by income/class instead of just skin color, like in Holland, Michigan! @realDonaldTrump @jeffsessions and you want to destroy public education.
Charter schools do NOT perform better than the public schools. Those are facts, Bets. No matter how you try to spin it in your misguided favor, they simply do not.
No. No. No. Properly fund public schools. Unreglated for profit charters are a disgrace.
You bought this job.  You’re unfit.  You destroyed education in your own home state.  I hope that haunts your sorry ass every night.  You are literally fake news.  You are literally THE WORST.
Yet again Betsy, you are showing your true colors and your desire for our public schools to fail. We will fight you every step of the way.
#Resist

Charter schools are destroying public education. How about funding public education and making it the best, just like Norway did.
You certainly are “a greed”.
How about just make ALL schools excellent.
Disagree! Parents don’t need choices. Fully fund the district public schools so all schools have everything the students need!
You were confirmed very true however, you're still not qualified for the position you hold. Pay for play and years of it your job is just money back on an investment which you plan on making a pretty big amount of $$$ off the American ppl. Good old Koch bros gang
Keep your religion out of education
No.  You are taking away from public education...NO!
School choice is fools gold.  Those from poor and underprivileged neighborhoods can not afford transportation and other costs associated with moving schools.  In the meantime, more & more $$$ is diverted from neighborhood/public schools for charters that underperform.
Let all parents choose.  Weird that Democrats are all pro-choice except when it comes to a child’s education.
@EdWorkforce @virginiafoxx school choice hurts vulnerable students who need  most resources + it gives false hope. Shame on u.
Go back to your pikes of ill gotten $$ and leave my child's education ALONE.  You unqualified, undignified, sell out. #Resistance
You are #unqualified to weigh in on anything education related! Especially anything that takes money away from public systems!
Your record in Michigan was terrible. Don’t put profits before students
Not at the expense of public schools.
American's will just have to work hard to reverse these actions. 2020
The Biggest Priority of All parents & education systems should be "Put GOD back into the School System & Public Square" Culture/Society suffering from Spiritual malnutrition: Our Culture is Crying for HELP! On Campus,Streets,Media everyday! Spirit man FOOD~CHARACTER/RESPECT/LOVE
Just a friendly reminder that equal and equitable are not the same thing. Making rigorous, high-quality PUBLIC schools should be a priority for us all!
You can just admit that you see education as a means of making some people rich, instead of an investment in the future of our nation and world. We all know it, so it’s embarrassing to watch you try to act otherwise.


Everybody already has school choice.  Stop pretending as if they don’t.  If they want private education, they can pay for it privately.
Definitely!!!
Public schools are the corner stone of our democracy.   As public schools begin to vanish so is our democracy.
My choice is you should shut up
School Choice s include 'Home School'! The taxes for that home schooled child should go to the parents!!!!!
Teach script and get rid of Common Core
what do you do for the students not going to charters or getting vouchers to private schools in public schools where most kids will be educated - you should have a plan for them too - what's that plan?
So school districts are now going to pay for busing for these schools? Why not fund magnet programs at established public schools; we all know you are in the pocket of charter school, for profit companies. #publicschoolproud
resign
#CruellaDeVos continues to position private schools as a 'choice', knowing that the only option for poor and middle class students are #PublicSchools4America. She leads an elitist DOE that was meant to serve ALL Americans. Like her boss, she's unqualified.
Betsy what the heck are you up to now? You are killing our children’s education. Resign and get your money back. You really are not right for this job
The biggest problem with school choice is that it's basic premise is that children must lose years of education while the theory of the "free market" plays out.  The goal of all educators is to ensure ALL students have the best. DeVos is a business person not an educator. #Resign
What the hell so you know @BetsyDeVosED ? Go away
You must make school choice mandatory! The blue states are owned by the teacher unions and fight it. While you’re at it, shut down the department of education & the American federation of teachers unions.
It should be up to the states. Read the Constitution, @BetsyDeVosED.
Your ideas for improving education belong in the shit house!
It's certainly the most cost-effective way to undermine the educations and critical-thinking skills of the most children at once while simultaneously allowing governmental financial support of religious indoctrination. Isn't it, Betsy?
School choice, as envisioned by @GOP, limits educational opportunities to people who can least afford to have them limited and privileges those who least need additional privilege.

It’s a false promise, and a paper shield against growing challenges.
No one trusts you.
As long as Betsy and her family can profit from it (and they don’t allow the gays of course) she’s all in!
Lol so you wanna tank everyone’s education rating like you did in Michigan? Try actually being a teacher first genius.
Scammer #complicit
How did your “School Choice” option go with Charter schools? Studies show that Charter schools typically UNDERPERFORM against Public schools...
What are you doing to ensure ALL American children get the same, high quality education, regardless of income and economic status?
Hahahahaha. Virginia Foxx knows less about education than you do. Unless we're talking about how to rip off students and families. In that case you guys are tops!
How’d that work out for AFP and your ilk in Douglas County, Colorado last November? No one wants the crap you’re selling.
So you want schools to be more segregated than they already are? Where is your proof that choice works? We don’t just want your opinion. You’re unqualified for the job.
Shut up!
#nope
When you have millions, school choice is a given.  Please go back to what you do best.
Please #resign! You're destroying the education system because you have no clue! All you care about is $$$$$$!
Disageed.
Excellent
Please explain why you agree?
What a scam artist.
Eat shit, Betsy!
