Betsy recently learned of children and learning. It’s been a big day for her.
"And when unqualified people are put in charge of the Department of Education, kids will lose."

Please resign.
Just another photo op as you completely set out to destroy public education.
LEGO Robotics has been in place in public education for years!  How long will it take you to get the first inkling of how to do your job?
Seriously, Secretary, you are an absolute embarrassment.  Just resign.
It is amazing to me that you countinue to act like this is not the normal in public schools.
Resign
Your bro got some explaining to do Betsy.
Tip- lawyers in the swamp are going fast, order now.
All the kids lose with you at the helm
P
A
T
H
E
T
I
C
.
U
N
Q
U
A
L
I
F
I
E
D
.
M
O
R
O
N
Go to the poor and underperforming schools!! Oh wait... you refuse!
Go home Betty and take your pencils with you.
But it breaks my heart to imagine you find it acceptable to take funding from schools where children are already given an unfair educational disadvantage. I was one of those kids.
Did you know teachers are striking because they cannot make enough to live? Stop jetting around and playing and DO SOME WORK
Give it up already. Resign!
I had to work harder than my college counterparts to "catch-up" due to the lack of college preparation courses I received in K-12.
Why are you still around?! God damn you should have resigned by now.
I see you’re still ignoring my request that you RESIGN. That fits into your pattern of ignoring other requests such as ‘Why don’t you RESIGN? & ‘When will you RESIGN?, as well as the more generic, but still popular ‘Go Away, Betsy’
Yes, but those pesky public school kids you can't stand....
I loves seeing the number of likes that you get for your ridiculous tweets continue to drop.
I pray that you will give thoughtful consideration to ALL children without bias or prejudice. I see there is good in your heart; it's up to you to allow your good nature to become unconditional.
You could make a REAL difference in millions of children's lives who are typically forgotten or left behind because those in power felt they weren't worthy of support.
Yet, I somehow I was worthy enough to become a practicing Principal Engineer today. I'm not the only one. Why don't you think these [Detroit public school] children are worthy,  too?
WHEN are you going to do something about school safety????
Disgraceful, embarrassing, shameless......
Or, "Most of the kids will lose, but all the GOP will win." GOP benefits most from educational policies that promote ignorance and educational disparities.
Who let you in? 
End common Core !
Stop the U N take o er of America education.
How many of these students were from Michigan schools that you screwed over???
Stay strong. And get PPH out of our schools-it’s pervasive.
DeVos wants to destroy public education in America. She also funds the politicians who protect the NRA and enable school shootings to continue. Think about it. Sounds pretty diabolical to me. Every murdered student brings Betsy a little bit closer to her goal.
Why do you run away when asked about visiting struggling schools? Why do you NOT HAVE A MASTER'S DEGREE? You're totally UNqualified. Go away. Get a better education. #abortionsavesmoney
Public education loses -you should resign

#novouchdevos
Maybe next time the kids can be charged a fee, or their parents perhaps. Just trying to think of a way to make it for-profit

In fact, since you represent private interests in your public position, schools should charge you a fee when you visit. Thanks
Betsy is moving toward privatization of education in the US: insatiable greed & moral flexibility" Winners are egotistical, arrogant & self-indulgent. profits for the 1% usurp educating the bottom 90%. Ivy League Business 101: Profits "winner takes all" mindset rationalizing.
I am glad DeVos can't speak or lie very well. She has never been in a "poor folks" school, not even a white one! Her policies segregated those gender identity folks & made college rape much easier than when she arrived. Her command of the facts is very limited & inspired protests
She is the poster person of the century for wealth is a matter of luck & not anything else. STUPID is primarily not a matter of variables such as wealth, education or genetics. People protecting you & starting out with 10 million or more seems to be the most important variables.
Secretary Photo Op.
Ha! My thoughts exactly!
How about this: we arm kids & teachers with legos to hurl at an attacker?
When are you going to get rid of the VERY socialist common core? Kids have lost thinking skills AND creativity. The time is NOW!'
You must be here to ensure the kids lose too?
Betsy DeVos is so unqualified people remember her name. I can’t even tell you the names of Sec of Education from Obama, Bush, Clinton admin. Same for #Pruitt #Zinke #Mnuchin. I don’t know the names of their predecessors. RESIGN! You are not supposed to be THE NEWS!
https://twitter.com/no2hitting/status/990993825685491713 …

Sad you won’t go to actual schools that are in need of help...you like your brother are bad humans


It is our responsibility to See to it that the children do win at life, spiritually as well as academically and socially with Character, Respect, Love for one another to reach their fullest God given potential using their God given gifts/talents for a fulfilled life of enjoyment!
America hates you.
You're so fake it's not funny. You can't hide who you are with a couple select photos. Please resign for the sake of our children
Did you notice they didn't tweet about you? That's because you are an embarrassment.
Why were you afraid to visit underperforming schools?
Why are you still trying to do this?
Comrade, this is not what I pay you for.
Remember this day Vlad? I do.

And when you bought your position, you won, but all teachers and students LOST. We’re still losing.
Resign
Resign. You are unqualified.
All of the kids will really win big when @BetsyDeVosED is finally fired or resigns! Go back to selling Amway, or better you go stay with your brother Eric Prince in Seychelles with his Russian friends. GO AWAY #BitchBetsyDeVos
how about more money for schools so more kids can have this experience?
Hey, since you just so happened to be smack dab in the heart of downtown DETROIT, exactly how many struggling schools did you manage to visit, Bets? NONE! Chicken! Cluck, cluck.
How’s Erik?
She is a disgrace.
Want kids to win? Get the eff out of here and quit.
Are you still here? #ettd #resign
Kids REALLY win when they have a competent Secretary of Education, one who actually understands how to read and interpret data so as to make informed decisions about schools.
#ResignBetsy #kakistocracy
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
