Top 10 Reasons School Choice Is No Choice | In reality, it’s just a scam to make private schools cheaper for rich people, further erode the public school system and allow for-profit corps to gobble up education dollars meant to help children succeed.
Vouchers do not improve student achievement, Stanford researcher finds | Stanford News
DeVos champions online charter schools, but the results are poor
DeVos voucher plan would exacerbate educational inequality | TheHill
Michigan Gambled on Charter Schools. Its Children Lost. - The New York Times
Trump’s Education Budget Feeds School Privatization At The Expense of Students http://bit.ly/2uWE0gH  via @BillMoyers
Again - give us the money and resources so we can better help and serve our students!
I doubt you've even read an ESSA plan.  Again, more bold statements and absolutely no single idea/solution.  You're like a broken record.
To be frank, with you being in charge our nation has hit the floor
Do you mean this for all students, or just the white, rich students that will be able to afford your private schools?
#Kakistocracy
There is while you're in charge! Resign!
What about a #StudentLoan debt ceiling?
God, please save me from these platitudes! Is she really this vapid and shallow?
The schools need reform.  Please start to privatize them now !!
I seriously hope you’re kidding.
No.  Privatizing schools is the only answer.
Oh does that go as far as your student loan business
It's time for educators who are parents to challenge her. Take off your teacher hat and challenge her as a parent. She has not idea what's going on in OUR SCHOOLS.
As usual, only trying to point out what she sees is wrong while offering absolutely nothing to correct it. That's called complaining. I don't tolerate it from my employees I don't know why America tolerates it from you
The best test for a good school is how many students grow into adulthood, are good citizens and can find a meaningful job. However as a 30 year veteran of teaching, I will tell you that only happens sparingly because teachers are pushed to get students to almighty universities.
End common core now! No renaming no exceptions. Trump ran on ending it.
Agree, no ceiling
Resign
