Thank you for your work to promote our children's future. At the meeting  @GovInslee WA State said teachers don't want to conceal carry. That would be an easy thing to survey. How many teachers in the country already have a conceal carry permit? I bet a LOT. @POTUS @NRA
Are you telling us to appreciate it? If not, start with "I."
And all those "to's."
I can give you lessons in how to write, Ms. D.
Could you lower my student loan interest rate? I've been paying for years but my balance is remaining the same.
Hopeful that #HEA process leads to financial aid that's more customized to students pursuing sector-driven career pathways. Many districts & charter networks like @KIPP creating new opportunities for students to pursue credentialing tracks.

The @USDA is considering something truly despicable: allowing for-profit businesses that exploit and exhibit animals (puppy mills, research labs and zoos) to essentially police and “inspect” themselves. We need…
That’s great but look at first fully funding Special Education. Sped gets constantly blamed for encroaching on the General Fund. With the great number of emotional disturbance issues and autism identifying where it is, full fundinding makes more sense now than ever.
Important to hear form the Governors but, wouldn't you like to hear from some of us who have spent a lifetime doing this, maybe our ideas would have some wisdom behind them...
YOU BOUGHT THIS JOB & YOU HAVE NO EXPERIENCE IN EDUCATION
#Dutchmafia
Did they laugh in your face? They should have. You are a dismal failure and an unqualified hack.
Good Public Schools.  Its that simple.

Humm, please explain to me exactly what ur doing to make our educational system better! We still hav Common Core, poor world academic standing, low reading comprehending levels, etc. Ur jus going, being seen but DOING nothing! DO SOMETHING!

@MarkYoungTruth
She's going to send us to Sunday school. Let's all send those grizzly bears some thoughts and prayers.
I see one major problem in this picture. Why did you isolate @JerryBrownGov the Governor of the nations largest state, and independent economy. #terribleleadership

Wow you spelled those words correctly.  You're such an idiot and PROOF that even in America you can purchase your position in the government.  God knows it had to be the millions your family donated because you have NO idea what you're doing
Stop the wasted money and time in needless testing. Support our teachers and let them teach. Start in our public classrooms please and stop giving vouchers to go to a private school.
Do you think @ErikPrince could get the school armed guard contract?  Only a few unnecessary deaths in Iraq.
We need "Troops to teachers" expanded to encourage concealed carry training.
Curious- Why are you working on infrastructure?
I thought the same thing ...
And then ignore everyone and follow your own inane intellect. SHILL.
Nice grammar
Do you actually believe your own lies and deceit?
And the governors were able to hear the sound of wind whistling between your ears...
The woman who bought the soe job.
Get rid of common core
Why were you there? Oh another task that you're completely unqualified to sit in on.
How about not destroying public school budgets?
Well pay close attention to them, because you have nothing!

Skip past South Dakota.
I learn, therefore,  I can!
I have an idea... sell more Amway in public schools.
Remove all your interests in collections. If you do not you will resign. No question or discussion. Remove all interest or resign. We wait your decision.
Thanks for the update, dumbass
Guns for bears come up?
be better at your job. #teachersvsgrizzlies #betsydevos #devos
Infrastructure??  Did you forget to take your meds again and let the wrong personality take over?  You really should learn about your job first before sitting in on others. Teachers would love to have a sit down with you.
Most of them suggest you #resign
You need to please Investigate or implement a way to find the School Districts that are Lowering Crime Rates by School Students by “LOOKING THE OTHER WAY” when Children Commit Crimes-so Districts Can COLLECT more Federal Funding at The Expense of Our Childrens Lives!!

You have no idea about education or how to improve it!
How many blue state governors ?
Oh shut up.
Yes..we all wish you had been shot instead of those children
More ways for you to make money.
Did you talk about education or the nations power grid? I mean you are the education secretary. Although you’d be better at building levy’s and walls though.
You Are a fraud. Resign
So rumor has it that you're resigning soon?
and as long as they agree to ensure that white males get preferential treatment -- as it is their due as they are superior beings -- you're happy to listen to them. have I got that right, Bets?
Do any of those governors have a $1,000,000 monthly security detail? I thought not. 
Can you please explain to the American taxpayers why you do? Why that 12 million a year is taken out of the DOE budget? 
Just resign already.
#BitchBetsyDeVos only cares about student loan lenders, NOT the students an education secretary should looking out for. This billionaire knows nothing about struggling to pay for an education as she bought this position to push her fairytale religious agenda. Go to HELL Betsy!!!!
Shut up. Nobody likes you.
Of course you need to hear their suggestions,  due to the fact YOU have no idea what is needed.  just goes to show you should resign.
Aren’t you suppose to be dealing with our schools that keep getting shot up???
Actually it's not her job to correct districts not following security procedures.
Doesn’t she have a job to do???  Oh wait she has no clue!!!
National averages:
482 students per school counselor and 1400 per psychologist. Instead of paying for guns, training and gun-bonuses for teachers, why don’t we hire more support for our students.Think of the 1000’s of jobs that could be created while we help make our kids safe.
The chance to tell them no more money for education.
If New Mexico's governor is there tell her she is doing a fab job under the @BetsyDeVosED plan. My home state ranks at the bottom for everything.  She's worthless.
You have never been a teacher so you really don't know you're an idiot when it comes to knowing about teaching and schools
Give the schools more money to hire counselors, nurses, more resources for the children so the teachers can make better lessons stop taking money away from the public schools pay the teachers what they are worth so they can work better
Some infrastructure ideas: 
Heating and cooling systems
Drinkable water
Gender neutral bathrooms 
School libraries 
More space for art and shop
Why abuse children with gender neutral bathrooms?
I think the best expanded pathway will be to ensure kids don't get shot at school. Any plans in that area?
You aren’t smart enough to have written that tweet.
Congratulations to your staff.
Would You Yourself have Run into that School even without a gun like @POTUS Five Time Bone Spurs fantisizes that he would have? WE DEMAND ANSWERS

After education many encounter political obstacles to employment that then demean the value of education.  Some jobs need to be provided based exclusively on tests which guarantee a job as a function of test placement.
@realDonaldTrump So what did you say about gun control in American spilling over to education? You cannot ignore this the current crisis in education by ignoring it. Take action. Come out against multimagazine weapons,  weapon on school grounds. This is the most important issue.
Hoping someone in that group went to public school...because you didn't and you don't know or even have an idea of what is happening.
How about meeting with teachers & hanging out at schools. That’s where you would really see what we needed! #ArmMeWith people who really care about what teachers think
Um, I mean, I'm just a teacher, but aren't you supposed to lead EDUCATION meetings?
You are so disingenuous you make me throw up in my mouth a little
Are we implementing any of them ?
NO VOUCHERS...............EVER !!!
AZ Republicans will be voting Democrat for the 2018 AZ Gov race. Our states workers, teachers can not weather another 4 years of @dougducey  Our Government employees stagnant wages, unqualified managers, abuse to low income workers. Its time. Stay strong.
HOW WOULD GOVERNORS EVER KNOE THIS? OMFG ask a #teacher #ArmMeWith
Why wasn't this on your schedule?
What about protecting our schools? That should be front and center @usedgov @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #GunControlNow #CommonSenseGunLaws
Resign today.
... and for you and your brother to use this presidency to grub on the privatization of Rosneft... Getcha some mad stack of rubles!
your credentials being nonexistent....we have no faith in your judgement for our children's education...resign
Betsy you need to be much more visible in your cabinet role.  Between you and Ben Carson, you have remained invisible in creating NEW policy.  Despite the FL school incident, lack of leadership from the WH on what you could initiate from your role, remain front and center...
Resign
You are a disgrace to the education profession and the promise of America.
You bought your job. You are unqualified.
Always looking for new ways to create a slave-class through "schooling?"
We have surrendered to the enemy! Rather than Train/Teach Children/Society to Love we have allowed the enemy to train disobedience, lawlessness, hatred, disrespect, removed parental discipline, now the child is abusing society, bar the doors to homes & hire guards. Progressive?
You know who really should be in that room? Real employers.  Businesses that can come in with case study type information on how their competitiveness would improve if this or that were upgraded, built or repaired. Government programs only provide jobs to bureaucrats to run them.
Go fuck yourself. Resign today.
You are a vile excuse for a human being, devoid of knowledge and dignity.  Your agenda to promote a separate & unequal educational system for people of color will FAIL.

#VoteOutRethgliklans
#StopDeVos 
#TheResistanceVOTES
If @EricGreitens is there, ask him how he plans to do that now that he fired the education commissioner and left the state board of education with so few members that the can’t form a quorum for a meeting to hire a new one.

Please you can’t even do the job your in. Obviously skill set wasn’t why you were hired.
So you and other #GOPHateGroup members got together to figure out how to train our youth for the types of jobs that will sustain/grow the class gap?
So glad you were working on keeping kids safe in school this morning… When did you get promoted to the infrastructure committee?
When you were in Michigan schools are doing shitty, you don’t know anything about credentialing or about public schools. You don’t believe in public school.
#BoycottNRA
Divest or resign .....no just resign.
Which one of them sat you down and explain what "infrastructure" is for you?
Frankly many would like to see some inplemations Started
Implementations or inflamations?
#EndCommonCore HELP! When will you END Communist Common Core which is a Federal curriculum paid for by Bill Gates ?!! We got 120,000 signatures in MA for a ballot question - a Gates financed group sued and the liberal judge shut it down. @realDonaldTrump @gendre_michael
Have them replace leftists bozo teacher should be your first step.
Well it's clear you had bozo teachers.
No.  I had teachers that taught respect for America, our flag and our history.  Not the hate spewed out by the leftists prof my grandson has at a $45,000.00 a year college saying conservatives should die.
Unlike the kind thing you said labeling all teachers whose politics lean to the left as bozos? And name this "so called teacher" who said all conservatives should die and the University your grandson goes to ....or maybe this is made up ..
Not made up.  It came from a teacher at New York School.  Maybe not all teachers are as vicious as several that  say tha(John Jay college)
Resign.
You are human garbage. That's it. You don't deserve or warrant any deeper commentary. (Other than you give zero fraks about education)
You SUCK!
Aren’t you supposed to be educating?  He need a token femal huh!
Resign already! Unfit to serve!

Hi, I'm a military vet and gunowner.

I've compiled a thread of fellow vets speaking out in support of gun control and/or against Trump's terrible idea of arming teachers, including links.…
