It's about time to raise the bar from SNL education
@BetsyDeVosED Mr.  ROBinsons neighborhood Edu.
@BetsyDeVosED Has anything changed since Brown vs Board of Edu.?
@BetsyDeVosED lol 
@BetsyDeVosED SNL edu. hasn't changed much since 80's
@BetsyDeVosED hahahaha
Im already in an open lawsuit out of Texas! Sally Mae was the originator & sold the debt to navient- 21,500$ loan issued feb ‘08 to now, I still need to pay 8k and I’ve paid 230$-280$ a month @BetsyDeVos 
NO TAX DOLLARS FOR PRIVATE SCHOOLS!  Fund public schools!
That act took out manditory guidance as well US History; Civics; phonics; not Ebonics or rainbow garbage; moral chooses should be taught at home not schools.
You lie. The Every Student Succeeds Act (#ESSA) empowers you to veto any state plan that you deem insufficiently "ambitious," which is not local control. Now, you continue to cement #CommonCore & #RttT in place by denying plans that jettison aligned testing (AL), etc. #RepealESSA
Very telling that you would tag #CommonCore co-author @CCSSO in this tweet; we aren't buying your "flexibility" narrative, Betsy! You fought to PRESERVE CCSS in Michigan while working with GLEP, and now you deceive the American people! #RepealESSA
If we MUST do better, then get rid “standardized” testing! We have the same expectations for kids in poverty than those who are not. That’s the kind of change we “must” have! There are too many discussions about education that do not speak to real solutions! #EducationForAll
So kids can't study in a poor area
   I did.  But i never had you sticking up and making excuses for me.     Start with the mom & Dad. The First 6 years of life.  Not
Some school.  Who are there to teach.  Not to feed all day long
 5 times a day sometimes.
NO VOUCHERS..... EVER ! LADY !
I think finding a Secretary of Education who actually has an education background is a start.
Perhaps adequate funding would be a good starting point. 
Perhaps adequate parents would be a good start.   Skip that step
 Just toss  burning money around 
  Make sure you blame the proper
 Weasel's
Baby boy ,,,, Yes. 
 The teachers have to
Do that.    Don't have the parents
Do there job.    I read 50 tweets 
No one talks about parents.    LOL
   Skip over parents.  Bitch about
The teachers.
You help schools by deregulating at the federal level and let states determine how to best serve kids. Why is it @GOP Leaders want to deregulate business but over regulated schools? #LessIsMore #TenthAmendment
Some Dr.   Start with the mom &
Dad bring up The rug rat.   Culture ?
Plans in many communities across the country are meeting the bare minimum reqd by law because their states can't or won't adequately fund them.
How about you resign this position you are not qualified to have! Can;t wait to see your brother, Erik, and these criminal trumps go down!
“Flexibility” = defunding public education which is not in any way ensuring student success. If it weren’t so painfully obvious that you make money off charter schools, then I could have hope that you cared about all students’ achievement. Sadly, your motives are not the children
I send mine to charter school
 They need a good ed.  Everyone
Blames the school.   But it starts
With Big momma or daddy.
We can and must do better for our students.....So even you agree you should resign.
We should start by getting you out of your position
I think that taking a good look at Japan's schools and employing some of their methods of promoting a good "mindset" for learning by providing life skills, in early years, and respect for their fellow students and for their schools. Uniforms in all schools too.
Dog.  Its culture  it starts with the 
Parents then schools .    But go on play the game.  Go to Japan
For some reason.  Blow money.
We disapprove of Common Core and all of its rebrands.
DeVos is a liar; #ESSA cements #CommonCore & the #RttT requirements that ushered it in! #RepealESSA
What have you done so far, gasbag?
Stop diverting public taxpayer funds to private schools, and we might see some change!
Just another one of your voucher scams to disrupt, undermine, and defund public education. You are very transparent.
If u want success 4 every student, here is what u need 2 do! 1. No Common Core 2.Give all students books, not foldables, they glue into a book. 3.Have students learn by mastering the concepts. 4.Don’t teach 5 skills in 3 days. 5.Don’t script the teachers. This is just a start!
How do you plan on doing better, when your administration wants to cut education spending by $11 billion, you outrageously unqualified moron?
Start with the moms & dads
  There i said it.   Can't we say it  Teachers take a nice hit.  Because
Of it.
We support setting the bar in Manufacturing Education, interested in what that entails?
Great! Quit today!
Betsy, Retire! Leave! You sux at your job.
How about adequate funding. Less standardized testing. Trusting the highly trained and qualified staff to properly guide children. Treating teachers, aides, admin as the professionals they are. Oh and resign and let someone with actual education experience lead!
But...isn’t your job to approve these plans? Isn’t it YOUR job to make sure American students’ education is not “bare minimum” ??? 
Do you ever have anything good to say about teachers and public schools?
You’re a joke. Please never talk about education. #Evil #NotAnEducator #noCredibility
You want local flexibility? Break ties with @CCSSO (really eliminate common core). Give money directly to the states with no strings attached. Eliminate the FEDERAL program ESSA and stop funding all the third party contractors expirimenting on our kids.
So you would advocate for 50 different sets of state standards? States can make up whatever they want for their own standards and teach evolution and climate change as theories and push prayer in schools? Looks like you weren't paying attention in spelling class either.
#ivorytowerelitistcoward #swampwater that bought her seat and has no clue should be removed so real growth can happen. Betsy is why students and teachers suffer. #RethinkDeVos
You have absolutely no business in education. You are the worst thing for all students, all teachers, and all schools. You need to resign.
You are right. Increase our budgets to help ALL our kids.
Especially since most all complies w/The Liberal Arts Curriculum Indoctrination of their far left wing liberal agendas/destructive ways. Permissible to teach/coerce the unthinkable, but not permissible to teach, right from wrong, moral values, discipline or love one another? SEE?
You continue to contradict yourself.
Get rid of the ESSA AND the DIE. @BetsyDeVosED you claim states should lead .It Should be LOCAL.
Humm, perhaps I’m wrong & perhaps not, BUT I thought it was ur job to do something about it...now that u’ve spent more than a year visiting & reviewing those plans! Do something... scrap Common Core! Or just monitor education
@MarkYoungTruth @Education4Libs
Resign.
If you really cared about students and education you would have turned down Secretary of Ed people position. Like the rest of us you would want a qualified Sec of Ed. #ResignNOW
If you cared about education
You would look in the home life
Of these kids.  Then hop over every thing else and bitch about her
Okay, snowflake.
I agree. Let’s do better. It should start at the top with qualified leadership.
... and how exactly does this line the pockets of the rich? Because that's what we've come to expect from you.
The only way to improve public education in America is to do away with the corrupt and selfish teachers' unions, who care nothing about education.
You do know that you don't even meet the bare minimum for qualifications to be in charge of making decisions right
Doing much better for our students starts with YOUR RESIGNATION
Get rid of Common Core
Why?
