Then why aren’t the bare minimums raised!?
Just because you're a billionaire doesn't mean you bought your way into the president's cabinet with ZERO qualifications or experience. Oh wait, yes it does.
Got any solutions? Asking for millions of children and teachers.
Parents should be responsible for their child’s education, not the state. That being said, some people make horrible parents, and so here we are.
YOU don’t pass muster around kitchen tables either.

Kitchen tables are where home schooling is done.  How long has it been since a public school student won the national spelling bee?
Wow, the rest of the US has known this for YEARS!!! Have u been sleeping?? Dah!! Come oooonnnnnn!!!!
We need to unleash competition in the school sector. A monopoly leads to complacency.
Which students do you mean:  rich, white ones?
It may sound good, but do you even begin to realise how disparate standards can be? My university program is ranked 34th in the WORLD and that matters! I don’t want random persons choosing what our children learn! Have you noticed some ppl don’t value women? Or POC? #idiot
I am a proud parent of two public school grads who's education was exponentially better than my religious-affiliated k-12 education. I am grateful to my state, for demanding excellence, my city for investing in schools, and the teachers most of all.
Did your children require SpEd services to meet their unique needs? Doesn’t sound like it. Public School SpEd is an atrocious disaster for #1in5 that learn differently.
Mass public schools are among the best for special ed - good funding and a belief that all should achieve at their max level. Know folks who have moved from other states (Texas, for one) for that reason.
I know first hand MA is NOT among best 4 my #Dyslexic child, they won’t even write dyslexia in her IEP document.  State education funding is down 33%, and a greater % of students did not meet the literacy standards on 2017 MCAS. You can have MA Education @anne184. #NoFAPEinMA
You think Betsy will make it better?
No one has, or is making it better.  That’s why we will continue to raise awareness & advocate until someone in any Administration implements solutions.
I love my job and working with students & trying to educate them despite the obstacles placed before me. I will do the best I can but please don't judge me and my profession until you've walked in my shoes!
I'm confused about what your position is. Do you want a law that dictates what plans should do? OR do you want local groups to decide what is best for students?
#YOU'REFIRED
What do you know about my child on the Spectrum and his needs.. Oh that's right..NOT A DAMN THING. GET A CLUE.
Bye girl
Losing it Betsy?

Nonsensical words meant to support your asinine policy?
You are absolutely full of it!
What's passing the mustard around the kitchen table have to do with education?
There are many factors that impact students' success. Betsy @BetsyDeVosED , it's imperative that you look at exactly what Pub Ed are dealing with. High free & reduced lunch %,  high title 1 %,  high transient population....
Keep up your great work bringing school choice to all students.  A+
Love it
What are you talking about. I would think the education sec would have us understand what they are tweeting before they tweet it. You took tweet lessons from the orange tweet warrior didn’t ya?! Pendeja.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Is this really you Betsy?  Or did you get some comma person to manage your acct?  #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
Tell us something we havent already known for 20 years
Small Government. More citizen involvement and accountability. It’s tough , like fighting a virus but it must be done to restore true freedom. Thank you for all your efforts. WE THE PEOPLE are appreciative 333
You are the greatest Betsy!!!
What would a privileged billionaire know about education or what a student needs
And WTH are your solutions? All we ever hear from you is what is wrong; so what do you plan to do? Besides divert money and resources from public schools, of course. You are so out of your depth it's not even funny.
Wow did you come up with that all by yourself? Poignant. I should put it on a T-shirt.
It's amusing (and sad at the same time) that you think you've done anything to help students, let alone done what's best. #Resign
"Passing muster" isn't a term that DeVoss should be throwing around. Did you see DeVoss at her conformation hearings? I bet she can't spell 'confirmation hearings'.

If states really lead we wouldn't have an #unqualifified #ivorytowerelitistcoward who bought the seat they never deserved. Complete dishonor to those of us who served and earned where we are. @realDonaldTrump betrayed us appointing you. #RethinkDeVos
Let's focus on what's best for all students in all communities, not just the rich white folks who want to divert public education money to keep their kids from being exposed to minorities, lbgtq kids and others who might cause liberal thinking.
Vouchers give poor kids of all colors a choice to escape poor preforming inner city public schools to go to otherwise unaffordable private schools.
Just because a plan pleases your financial backers doesn’t mean it is good for students. Resign

Parent Involvement must be meaningful and equal not just a check box or after thought. Parents at the policy table and at the Kitchen Table!
The STAAR test is a perfect example of this.
Betsy thinks a kitchen table might be that thing she saw the servants polishing once when she took a wrong turn out of the gift wrapping room.
Tough talk from someone who has no clue what the "bare minimum" even is.  You don't posess the bare minimum skills required to do you job, yet here we all are.
I'm guessing this administration has a good handle on doing the bare minimum.
Do you even know anything about Education?
When students are being taught to pass tests, but not actually learn the subjects, this is a problem. Test scores have become more important than the student.
Especially since most all complies w/The Liberal Arts Curriculum Indoctrination of their far left wing liberal agendas/destructive ways. Permissible to teach/coerce the unthinkable, but not permissible to teach, right from wrong, moral values, discipline or love one another? SEE?
HOW WOULD YOU POSSIBLY HAVE A CLUE WHAT'S GOOD FOR PUBLIC SCHOOL STUDENTS?
#StatesAreNOTLeading #NoOneIsLeading
Pass the mustard around the kitchen table?
Best for which students? You mean the rich white straight males? Your office is killing the bare minimum of protections provided to all the rest. You prolly didn’t finish the books, but turns out Dolores Umbridge was NOT a good role model. Just FYI.
Specifically?
Huh? Whose kitchen table? This is nonsense talk.
Maybe you can draw on your years as teacher...oh wait
NOTHING has changed under your leadership, yet I am still hopeful. WHEN can we expect measurable change? Why won’t you talk to Special Ed Parents? What about the #1in5 children that learn differently that are being DENIED #FAPE ALL OVER OUR COUNTRY!?!?
The standards need to change then, Secretary DeVos.  #StatesLeading for sure!  Particularly #Virginia and @vbschools in #VirginiaBeach !  #proudparent
How would you even know what's best for the students?
You are clueless on what we need in ed.
Resign
States rights when I say so! And not when I say no!
#leftfield #cannotfollowaconcept #squirrel
Lady, why don't you just pour your $$ and your snake oil into a school of your own making?  Go ahead. Invite people to participate in your school. Pay for it out of your $$. Just don't expect public $ for it. See how many ppl actually stick with you for the long term.
How would you know what's best for our students? What are your qualifications in the field of education again?
Solutions, my dear! What are your solutions?
I am slightly shocked that you didn’t say “pass mustard.”  Congrats!
Be honest. You have no idea what the standards actually are. All you have are conference tables and a ludicrous wallet.
You talking about your bare knowledge and minimum experience?  Stop screwing with ape ed laws!!!
Being "appointed" the Secretary of Education with absolutely NO prior education experience whatsoever doesn't pass muster either.
Speaking of "bare minimum," what are your qualifications for your job?
#Kakistocracy
Speaking of failing to pass muster, we should have a discussion about your job performance.
#Kakistocracy
kitchen tables across the country don't want you anywhere near Washington. RESIGN!!!
What are your ideas? You’ve only mentioned problems here. As Sec of Edu we look to you for solutions. #Solutions
Speaking of bare minimum knowledge, what’s the difference between proficiency and growth?
Let's use that in an example.
Betsy has shown significant growth in her ability to use educational buzzwords.
Betsy is not proficient in her understanding of said educational buzzwords.

Is that correct? If so, I could be the next Sec of Education. ;)
Here's the problem: You don't know what's best for students. You have no experience. You're a sheltered snowflake - a fool that wants to divert money from regular kids to private schools.

Resign already.

