@realDonaldTrump
This is the marxist "teacher philosophy": Fill your students'heads with manipulated History and lies, such as the gender perspective, and teach them the only absolute truth: "everything is relative."
The left knows that perfectly: the assault on teaching, disguised in "autonomy" at all levels of education and purchase power scale.
Delete the word "effort" from the curriculum. It´s essential for the boy (and the girl, of course) that they won't get tired or traumatized. They need to learn playing (at age 7) or having sex (at14). Don't hurt their feelings by overwhelming them with exams.
From Primary, get this'mantra'into their heads:"I'm a winner",and don't let them know what retention or being removed from class is..., they could feel offended or discriminated.And you, teachers,cannot discriminate them, orelse you might confront public ridicule or lose your job
The teacher has become the system's cinderella, subjected to double bullying by parents and students. The student is King and the teacher, a clown. Teachers have lost their authority. There's no way to educate.
Without authority, it's impossible to transmit knowledge and mold good citizens. And if teachers dare to give their opinions or speaks out what they think it's true, whip!
The gramscian left has succeeded in its cultural battle. And here we have the results. Between the indoctrinating left and the right, paralyzed in guilt, remorse, and insecurities... Too bad...
Our youth is being poisoned by "modern theories" (all of them communist), which have taken advantage of just and reasonable causes and have crooked them into enraged, shouting "social protests" catching money and votes, while students continue deprived from real knowledge.
Predictably, Fox is trying to provide cover for one of the most poorly performing members of Trump's abysmal cabinet.
Why even post this? You said absolutely nothing.
Yea, Just imagine going to the doctor for flu, and all he gives you is pain tablets, so death is not so painful, no antibiotics to actually fight the Flu.
This trump "plan" treats the symptoms, and never attack the cause, because removing the cause will affect their NRA donations
This literally is the dummest tweet I’ve read today
really, interesting, I thought your response was the dumbest thing I ever read!
Oh yeah? Well what is it about this plan that you hate? Or is Trump moving too fast? Do you need 8 more years for gun control not to be addressed?
"Gun Control", that is NOT GUN CONTROL, it is treating the results of an almost TOTAL LACK OF PROPER GUN CONTROL. 
Trump's "plan" is a "protect my NRA donations" non-plan!
It astounds me that you use these NRA donations as your way of putting this all on Trump. Obama had 8 years of office that could have taken action and prevented shootings like Parkland. Not to mention Hillary accepted and stole billions in donations and nobody talks about that
Nice "but what am I" tactic, trump was pro gun control and then flipped after the NRA "meeting". I assume you believe they just had some tea & discussed the weather of the day?
& btw, this is not just trump's failing, this is the corp.dems & GOP's failing  of the American people
You aren’t making any sense. But I agree that the government, DNC, and others have failed the American people. Also, you shouldn’t “assume” what I believe. If you ask me, The previous administrations could have helped reform gun control. Trump is barley getting started
Put veterans in the schools, they would be glad to protect our children
and when they shoot a kid we can just blame them. Great idea.
Must be democrat
You are not up to passing standards.
Go back to donating to your causes
@foxandfriends is exactly where you belong!
Which you will do by taking money away from schools
Look at Michigan we can see what kind of damage she cam do. Now she wants to do it on a national level. Get her the fuck out!

Si basically she said nothing! Cos she really  don’t care!
Keep up the great work Betsy-Many many people admire u and realize you're doing a great job. 
As for the CBS headline about why people "don't like" you, I would say to CBS: "speak for yourself" (and their lefty media fake news friends).
  There's NOTHING Pres. has done they like!
We can begin by removing the liberal leftist teachers who infect our children with their ideology.
Starting with getting your incompetent veneers to resign
From "potential grizzlies" orrr....
Resign. Yesterday.
Betsy, It's time to pack it in.  This job is over your head.

#BetsyDeVosResign
Lord please, get this woman to shut up and resign ASAP!
For starters, real cops need to be hired
Profit before education...
Fox News to the rescue!!
I am a loyal Republican... but this gal is in the wrong seat on the bus....

betsy devos does not see a failing school she sees many individual students failing independently on their own initiative https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/compost/wp/2018/03/12/betsy-devos-has-definitely-seen-a-school-at-least-once/?utm_term=.3772624eb92a …
@nra Dunblane
Yep and teachers will shoot kids just wait! You have NEVER worked in a public school you have no clue! Police train for years and failed in a shooting two weeks on a gun range isn’t going to do anything! #UFAILED
Liar.
Resign
I m DEM but DEVoss  classy in 60M & said USA schools behind other nations. Why she not getting credit for trying to improve this? Stahl is a jerk

Stop acting like there’s no such thing as schools anymore. Your argument,  “let’s focus on the student & not the schools” is BULLSHIT! (@POTUS has mentored us all in cursing)  I can’t believe how ridiculous your NON-evidence based scheme is. Despicable & irresponsible behavior.
You mean eliminate Public Scools forever. Only the Rich will get an education!
One way to make Schools Safer, Make sure the students are American Citizens, plus their Parents!! Their are unattended minor Children from Mexico, crossing every Day to go to American Schools! Why? Don't they have to live in school District?
WOW, you managed to not actually SAY anything - Why did you post this? Are you proud of this?
Grizzly bears in every school!!!
Don’t follow Tacoma, Wa - who disarmed their security guards.........#facepalm
BTW - she's holding her head up high like that because it lessens the ugly chicken skin neck skin of a woman her age.
What, in the hands of teachers, a gun? This is crazy my kid would never ever go to that school, I would never allow it!!
If you'll want to give them guns then move over and get out of the debate. That is not an option and never will be.

Is DeVos a porn star too? I forgot.
Put prayer and the Bible in schools and you will see a much safer schools
Nope.
I wish my Daddy bought me a position in the White House. We all know you’re a complete moron.. just leave
Doing the least you can do?
That made no sense whatsoever. None. I lost IQ points listening to that.
How about we try arming teachers in the private schools where you all send your kids, lead by example.
By all means keep talking....
You need metal detectors in every school. You need Police officers to be present at schools. That's how you make it safer. No more soft zone.
Big job!
No other Administration has made this possible & I believe that it will
Be a great advancement for
American students!

Thank you @BetsyDeVosED
For your outstanding leadership

Opps. Spoke too soon Betsy.   White House disagrees. Nope no safer schools. Just a plan for more guns on campus.  Soooo stupid.
Please resign. You’re so unqualified for this position.
What?

You were pitiful on 60 minutes!
Make sure the safes these school staff who are armed have the weapons and ammo stored in a biometric safe.
Hollow words sent to the echo chamber.
Betsy, you have enough jewelry on to pay the salary for at least 2-3 teachers for a year and supplies too. Go buy yourself an education. Unfit for your job 100%
Betsy retweets pictures of Betsy from agit-prop @FoxNews, which pushes whatever propaganda @POTUS and @PUTINRF want them to.
Please resign. You are shameless. "Students that opts"? Like Trump, you don't/can't even speak proper English and ypu are lower than lousy at your job.
Give American kids a break...resign.

Too late.
Get them bear guns, you know, for when the bears attack.
I thought it wasn't about schools, but about the students?
#Dummy
Terrifying that this stumbling performance is meant to be more articulate than @60Minutes horror show
how does this woman still have a job EMBARRASSMENT should be the name of shithole crooked trumps administration the world is laughing at America. Wake up time to take America back
RESPECT ...oh please girl just end it
She can’t even speak. 
An empty promise from an empty head.

DeVos's plan "Flak jackets and helmets for the kiddies and a 9mm Glock in every kindergartners lunchbox" Big bud of the National Rifle Makers Association, she'll go down in history as the corrupt big business lobbyist she is. Gross.
If stupid had a face, it would look like @BetsyDeVosED.   She came in completely unqualified and has not done her homework to learn anything.  Our children deserve much better.

Derp derp.  I have no Idea what I’m doing. Ivana invest in my private schools and I’ll buy your blouses!
This woman isn't even qualified to cut box tops.

Leave it people. Betsy Devos probably has as much or more intelligence as anyone else on this thread including me. The public school system is a mess and it didn't happen under her watch. Time we got the Fed completely out of it and give the schools local control again.
Easier when you get questions ahead of time.
Who is going to pay for the guns you want teachers to carry ? Who is going to pay for our gun training ?We buy paper, books, and pencils for our classrooms as a result of cuts in public school funding to pay for charter schools and vouchers.I guess you expect us to buy guns too.
I have suggestions to make public schools safe. How about using the tools that keep other public buildings safe.Trained security guards, metal detectors located at the entrance the students and public use, a police dog assigned to each school.Student safety is worth the price.
What is your plan, then?
Betsy Devos is completely unqualified for this Education post.   If Erik her brother and head of Blackwater was corrupt during the Trump compaign for their mutual benefit, it’s easy to assume this was just handed over to her; irrespective of her lack of credentials.
You’re useless. Go away.
Cheat sheets and cliff notes or your friends gave you the answer. You still have no idea of what your jobs is. #resign #TeachersAndGunsDontMix
Arming teachers is got to be one of the stupidest ideas I have heard.  You are sending public school education into the gutter.
Go ahead you 'genius , give guns to the teachers .
Guess who a shooter is taking aim at first , armed or not ?
Pathetic .
Have a disastrous interview ?

Go on @FoxNews and take a few easy questions.
So sad to see the @usedgov supporting biased sources. It’s like they didn’t learn about that in school ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
You are what makes schools unsafe. Of course Faux runs this shitty story. When are you going to get it together?  You can’t even string enough words together into a fluid sentence. And they are putting you in charge?  You are an even bigger joke than before.
Aaahhh Fauxnews towing the bullshit line... Everybody gets a gun.. Keep supporting the #ShitholePresident #FakeNews
Give an example Betty.

So the policies in regards to arming teachers will apply to private and charter schools correct?

This offers a kind of sad glimpse at the way some huge philanthropic and political donors go through life: being told they are geniuses by very accomplished people who want their $; and then totally unready for actual challenge. https://twitter.com/buzzfeednews/status/973159169850195968 …
This woman is incompetent
So a 1%’er in a position that should be representing the 90% that attend public schools. She’s an over privileged snob who hasn’t ever stepped into a school in need to see what it is they truly need. She’s a phony and an insult to all of us in education!!
Dont talk about it! DO IT!
By protecting them from GRIZZLIES?
You are a rube.  A rich rube, but a rube, that bought her position.
Fox?  Really?  The bastion of liars and the protector of the perverted president.
A statement completely devoid of substance.
You guys do realize she’s a clown and no real friend of education in America right?
DeVos is human garbage
Make schools safer be resigning!
HA HA! BS.
If yo are moving ahead with a plan to arm teachers then you and the president should be willing to take PERSONAL responsibility for any student harmed or killed by stray bullets or angry shooting by a teacher. The inevitable blood is on your hands, and you need to own that.
Obviously having money doesn’t equal intelligence. Shouldn’t have been in cabinet.
AFTER 2 DECADES, Betsy's private charter schools (that she made $$$ from) performed worse than schools in most other states.
Empty Talk. Armed Teachers Not Good Solution. 3 weeks ago Rogue Georgia Teacher Fired Hand Gun in Classroom. Schools need to be Hardened same way as Courthouses. At least 2 Professional Armed Police at Single Entry Exit with Metal Detector. Inconvenience and Expense Small Price
C'mon F&F! After last night's performance we need to keep this blockheaded incompetent out of the public eye - she is NOT helping advance the MAGA agenda! She is an embarassment to @realDonaldTrump and making him look stupid for appointing her. let's not keep reminding everyone!
Besty Devos Plan: We will make schools better.

Any follow up on how she plans on doing that?
BETSY, HANG IN THERE, AS WE HAVE TOTAL FAITH IN YOUR DECISIONS!!!
Don't ask about specifics because we don't have any, but we did take all afternoon to figure out the ambiguous language we could use to promise better things without having to explain how we plan on achieve it.
Fox NEWS IS COMPLICIT IN NOT CALLING OUT THIS  education secretarY’s ridiculous idiocy. Been in office over a year.  She paid TRUMP $$$$$$ for her appointment.
resign tho
Oh, FOX news!  Well, THAT explains it.  Said no one with a brain.  Ever.
Yeah- I heard. Using federal funds to train teachers to become killer killers. Brilliant.
Wow. You said nothing.
She is to dumb for words...
Ms DeVos is one of the biggest threats to our public schools. So embarrassing to see a person with such little intelligence represent education in America.
RESIGN!
So you bombed your interview last night, this is your response?  Hahahhahaha, how cute.
You need to work harder! 
What have you been doing this past year???

Translation:  there's big money to be made in education screwing over the next generation.
Please stop talking. The only thing you’re proving is your incapability to do your job.
Just stopped by to say that you're all idiots.
Please don't retweet @FoxNews, It is painful to look at.

Lots of softball questions for one of Dinky Don’s unqualified billionaire cabinet posts...must be Fox News.
Your reputation is sinking...
Hopefully, you will be consulting with professional educators!
Good! You made the distinction between the building and the students here! You are LEARNING, Education Secretary!
What specific strategies are you proposing talking in headlines and general rhetoric accomplish Nothing.
One of the dumbest woman on earth; heading education#enough
You are so incompetent it’s disgusting why don’t you resign and let a qualified person take over
She has no clue what she’s doing.
Betsy DeVos is a moron and should have this job- she bought it!
What an embarrassment.

What about kids at church and concerts ect ?
#Liar #CriminalIncompetence
Why was this clip tweeted out? What she said has no substance to it other than “we are going to work to make schools safe like other venues.”. The. countered her own statement by saying safety will be more up to the states to make it happen.
PRETTY IN PINK ! 
Yay! You’re resigning Betsy!?
Had a bad run with the press? Just follow up with Fox and it'll be like it never happened -- because they won't talk about how you embarrassed yourself and the DOE.
Your competency level is appalling, reinforced by your horrendous interview on 60 Minutes. You respond "I don't know" to a major question? Did you get a degree from ANY university because how you present yourself suggests otherwise. And you lead Mich public schools? Sad.
#loser
Hey @BetsyDeVosED how about fixing #CommonCore. It’s been a year of @POTUS in office and we still this horrible common core @BarackObama left us with.
ms De Vos.... ? You're dumber than dirt....  just get out, before you're thrown out !
Just checking in with your daily reminder: you're an idiot who has no business being in the office you currently hold. You're an embarrassment. You're also proof that our educational system has sucked for years. Just watch your own interviews. You'll get diarrhea. Trust.
Just watched another shining example of how ignorant you are. Please resign. The children of our Nation deserve better.
Betsy DeVos struggles to provide answers to '60 Minutes' when asked for evidence to support school choice policies. http://bit.ly/2tJjstd  
As a former substitute teacher and a woman who has worked for a few Fortune 500 companies in communications departments, I have to say you are completely clueless about education.
«Betsy DeVos' trainwreck interview on '60 Minutes'» #BetsyDeVosSoDumbShe IS#DEVOSMUSTGO #BetsyDeVosUnqualified #BetsyDeVosIsDumbAsARock
DeVos - Resign. You don't have a clue. You're pushing an agenda not based in facts, but because you have billions made through a pyramid scheme. You're as corrupt as your crooked brother.
You are just so out of touch with real life and our future generations. I can’t believe I’m saying this but maybe you should have stayed a trophy wife at home and volunteered elsewhere 
#toomuch #stupid #clueless #wealthyandbored #shameful
#resign for the sake of our children please.  You literally make us look bad.
Do the right thing please, and let Trump put someone more qualified in your place.
Whatever channel owns 60 no idea should have there license revoked for ambushing Ms. DEVOSS with un fair gotcha questions. Please do something @FCC @FBI
Trump lasted longer with Stormy Daniels than you did on 60 minutes .. #resign
These comments! I’m sorry but RIP bestsy. I’m surprised you even showing your face LOL
«DeVos struggles to answer basic questions about schools in her home state... Betsy DeVos stumbled her way through a tense interview on CBS's "60 Minutes"..struggling to answer basic questions» #BetsyDeVosSoDumbShe IS#DEVOSMUSTGO #BetsyDeVosUnqualified
Can you clarify your use of the word “intentionally” here? Confusing usage for the Ed Sec.
Betsy Devos on @60Minutes with appropriate laugh track 
You're an idiot.
«White House officials alarmed at education secretary Betsy DeVos's '60 Minutes' performance... basic questions about the nation's schools and failure» #BetsyDeVosSoDumbShe IS#DEVOSMUSTGO #BetsyDeVosUnqualified
you're a JOKE!
How damn dumb are you to except an interview from @60Minutes You clearly have no clue what you’re doing!
So going on FOX is supposed to help her redeem herself?  Lady (use the term loosely) your are delusional, out of touch, not qualified, and an embarrassment. Do our kids a favor, step down, let someone who really cares about our ed system step in before it’s too late.
Here's the reality--You're unfit for this job.  DUH.  Longing for the day when both you and your craven brother are no longer part of the scene.  Shame on you.  Rule by the ignorant. Good that you got called out last night.
You were an absolute embarrassment last night on 60 minutes. I mean seriously one of the dumbest things I've ever seen. You made Sarah Palin look kinda ok.
Wow you're dumb Betsy.
Presenting the Secretary of Education.  

 
Can you please change your profile to read “complete and utter failure as secretary of education”. Shame on you.
She showed the world her staggering incompetence on 60 minutes. I am guessing Fox News will blame Obama.

You’re out of touch.                                                         - Hall and Oats
In-fucking-tolerable.  Students remain at risk, while this incompetent, inexperienced, religious/political/economic sycophant plays with words like "states" and "communities."  The research is in...you moron.  And it has nothing to do with state rights or communities.
I'd say she is as dumb as a brick, but that would be an insult to bricks.
Step #1: get Betsy DeVos the hell away from them
In case you missed this factual article.
One year after her painful confirmation hearing, Betsy DeVos still has no idea what she‘s talking about http://vntyfr.com/JfNWcIU 
Betsy #payforplay Devos.  What is so sad about her ass is she is not even embarassed how stupid she is.  Not for a second
