this is the guy who got the charges against Trump U dropped. GREAT CHOICE, TEAM!!
Wow. You suck devos. #ReplaceBetsy
Upholding the law???? #TrumpUniversity He keeps picking the winners!! NOT

You know. I think I've found the one person even *less* qualified to run the DOE than Betsy.
The Trump University guy! The scandal continues to unfold... LOL
Hi! I am a kindergarten teacher in a low income title 1 school in south Fort Worth. I am desperately trying to get this guided math program for my classroom. I just went to a training on it and it is AWESOME! It is a game changer for my kids!
America definitely needs more light shed on the obstruction tactics democrats continue using to imped the rightful progress of a duly elected @POTUS and his cabinet to carry out the policies the American people expected when they cast their ballots to #MAGA and #KAG / #Godspeed
Don't do the "After an unnecessarily protracted confirmation process..." passive-aggressive/juvenile dig. Keep it positive. You and your boss time and time again use rhetoric that demonstrates to our youth that pouting and being juvenile as a "professional" is acceptable. #adult
Good point!  However there is nothing professional about this shill.  She has never set foot in s public school before she paid for her appointment.
Yes, that is why I put "professional" in quotes.  Her definition of the word is pretty skewed.
#PartisanBarbie! #FakeChristian
Find someone to run this Twitter account that has half a brain. Go back and listen to your joke of a confirmation and you'll see why everyone on Twitter hates you. You're unqualified and even if you're not qualified you've shown no leadership in doing anything to help students.
You mean like the process that failed Americans and allows an incompetent person (you) to attempt a job far surpassing his/her (your) skills and talents? #gottahatethoserulesandregulations #saveusfromfools #allislost
Don't ppl care what Obama did to our children in PS?
He put illegal alien adult males in classrooms w/our innocent 7th graders by labeling them "unaccompanied minors". Next he wrote a "Joint Dear Colleague" letter to PS's & LEA's warning them not to discipline minorities, crazy!
Hey, stand, the cliche isn’t quite right. Some things you stand for can lead to falling for anything. Smh. 
Except when it's all true Cassandra, now what? 
Oh dear. What flavour did you get to drink? Hope you enjoyed it.
I've noticed you can't disprove it. You have had ample time to demonstrate my supposed error here. You can't! Now what?
Because I don’t need to. It’s quite possible to search and find the answers, but you aren’t going to and you’re asking me to do all the work while you ignore it. You don’t get my research expertise for free. Line the fuck up like everyone else who pays me. 

The Department of Education was investigating why black students in central Texas were almost four times as likely as white students to be suspended.…
Many of us in the disabilities community r horrified, scared & angry. Many brave & diverse souls of many hues & backgrounds, laid on the floor 4 Medicaid in DC. Now the most vulnerable children??The disabled keep calling, faxing & protesting. Some may not survive til 2020. 

You mean rich schools and rich students
Didn’t he persuade you not to take any action with regard to the miserable failure that was tRump university?  I dare you to answer....truthfully.
Oh Betsy, Trump has really filled up the cabinet with the most corrupt, unethical group of swamp monsters money could buy. Please do the country a favor. RESIGN, take your dirty $$$$ and go home.
Yet you're dismissing Civil Rights cases left and right. Just resign, Boughtsy DeVos. You bring NOTHING to the table. You're so useless the PTA wouldn't even let you bring store bought cupcakes.
I am sure you are so happy to have a fall guy! Congrats!
2 things: 1, tell Mr. Muñiz to find his suit jacket, and 2, find some artwork to cover those screws on the wall. Looks sloppy. But bot as sloppy as Mr. Muñiz.
Will Mr. Muniz be enforcing #IDEA & #FAPE?
Why are schools teaching anal sex to students under 18 y/o?. Did you know about this?
https://youtu.be/1qa1j1iZMzU  ♡ You made a determination on #Insight & expertise will you both #standUP for #DisabilityRights? No classroom for #specialneeds because #Admin knew they can just shove them in the corner & I questioned everything they did. So instead they hid the kids...
Lady your are an absolute failure and a twit. You shouldn’t be charge of a chia pet let alone the DOE.. #moron #DeVosNeedsToGo #DeVosIsUnfit
Yeah, except when it comes to holding scam artists like Trump U accountable. I guess you like him because one way or the other, you both bought your jobs. Disgraceful.
What about the students with disabilities that have suits against the dept of ed that you are dismissing?
He is going to be busy, cleaning up the mess you made!! After the nonsense you put out there, scrutiny is very important. #BetsyHatesStudents
How great to have someone dedicated to upholding the law to balance out all of those dedicated to tearing it down.
He's a dead ringer for @BillCassidy.
he knows the real law and not biblical law right? he will tell you you cant give taxpayer money for religious schools, cant have prayer/religion in public schools, cant teach creationism in public schools, ur really screwed Betsy !!
Please resign
Tennessee Governor Haslam signs school corporal punishment reporting bill into law
I'm sure the fact that Carlos convinced the corrupt Pam Bondi not to go after fraudulent Trump "university" has nothing to do with his appointment. He's dedicated his career to screwing students, including a rape victim. No surprise here. A perfect addition to the kakistocracy.
Congrats!
Serial comma - look it up http://www.dictionary.com/browse/series-comma?s=t … 
#Imbecile (look that up, too).
Lol. Sure he will.
You are a truly awful human being, @BetsyDeVosED.
what were his education credentials?  matter of fact, what are yours?  the future generation will be dumber under your thumb.  and your going to ruin inner city Schools.
deal with student loan debt.  killing many of us.

@BetsyDeVosED  your name isn't associated with "advancing educational opportunities for all students". You are interested only in advancing the thickness of your pocketbook! Quit now!!

If we were putting people who were actually qualified for these positions,  the confirmation hearings would not be so long.
(2) the person has had surgery.
(1)You seriously are a demented human being. You see, unless a person is actually qualified for a job, he or she should not hold that position-for instance, the head of the DOE. Placing you as the head of DOE is like hiring someone as a surgeon simply because...
Or hiring a dr to head up HUD....
Or hiring a failed businessman as the president
Negative editorial comments like these are unbecoming to the authority of your office. More embarrassment from our White House.
Well, Betty, you know, it's important to have candidates vetted to see if they're qualified for a position. We teachers call that "an interview." Its when we explain how we teach. 
I guess you wouldn't know about that since you aren't qualified for your job.
I'm begging you to take the hint Betsy; you're not qualified for this job. Do our kids a favor; go away.
What about teacher's requirements? Do they exist? Who wrote text book in which Trump and his team called rasist? Does Secretary of Education knows about it?
Resist?  Go back to school.
For God's sake Betsy, grow up. How can you be the education leader for children when you use grade school editorial commentary  in your tweets. Try being a professional.
You’re unnecessary- you’ve accomplished nothing...resign!
Don't ppl care what Obama did to our children in PS?
He put illegal alien adult males in classrooms w/our innocent 7th graders by labeling them "unaccompanied minors". Next he wrote a "Joint Dear Colleague" letter to PS's & LEA's warning them not to discipline minorities, crazy!
Resign
Just go away.
Ms. De Vos - RESIGN. You are pathetically unqualified for the job  and a joke. Enough already. Get out!
Resign.
“Unnecessarily “ Madame Secretary? It’s called democracy, a concept they teach in schools. A concept that you are sworn to uphold as expressed in our constitution for ALL children.
Flexible, Safe, Smart, Connected, Cognitive-intensive, Clean Advanced Manufacturing Educational Model that will help us build the require New Skills Mix of the 21st century. Yes Yes Yes! Together, We shall overcome!
Good! We need all our best people (competencies and kind hearts) to accelerate the build of US New Educational Model! Yes Yes! Smile-Happiness-Patriotism! Yes Yes! Together, we'll accelerate the shift away from the Routinized Industrial Educational Model to the Personalized,
Still waiting on your actual plan for fix public schools
This is the man who managed to get all consumer complaints against Trump University dropped. We are fucked.
Will he recuse himself from the Florida State civil rights violation investigation?
Great 2 people totally unqualified and unehtical.
Praying he has some expertise... pray harder it makes up for the lack of experience and expertise you have...   What exactly have you done anyway???
Common Core = BS
You need some punctuation at the end of that sentence. #notaneducator
It is abhorrent that “unnecessary” would be part of your lexicon for so much: unnecessary experience in the classroom, unnecessary values toward students with special needs, unnecessary advocacy for LGBTQ students. It is necessary to monitor your horrific agenda.
It’s ridiculous how the business of our country is being deliberately held up for so long. How juvenile is that?
Come on Betsy STEP DOWN or bring in experts across the country in Education and put a task force together.  You know you are not qualified, hell you are the only cabinet member that has bodyguards?  There is no faith in your ability to lead the nations education no one respects u
Only took over a year to get him confirmed. The swamp will slow down anything and everything it can. Good luck to you both!
So glad th. See thee good news.  Thank you for all your hard work.
What
Not a good idea to post while you’re drunk.
It was protracted because Betsy couldn't figure out what that little squiggle over his last name meant.
Your emphasis on lawyers, not educators, doesn’t surprise me. You’re maddeningly unqualified.
You’ve got nowhere to go but up. Our education system stinks to high heaven.
There is no "unnecessarily protracted confirmation process." It was thorough as it should be. Your confirmation process was a n absolute joke that amounted to the worst job interview ever. You were horrible and should never have been confirmed.
#Teachers Follow money contributed to Bondi. #TrumpUniversity Another shady pick that slithered through hearings.  I don't see the Dept. of Ed standing up for student rights any time soon. The great hope is educators stay strong and continue to fight for public education reform.
Nobody better!
I wish your unconfirmation process had taken longer
This is great news, glad you persevered with his confirmation! Now go out there and kick some ass! Vouchers! Vouchers! Vouchers!

American kids are counting on you to lead the charge and give them a CHOICE!
After an unnecessary protracted length in office, @BetsyDeVosED was finally fired by @realDonaldTrump. Soon, I hope.

Wow, that suit looks like shit.
Looks like the American people are recognizing that the #GOPTaxScam was nothing more than a massive transfer of wealth to the top 1% and wealthy corporations. Recent polls show that only 27 % of Americans call them a good idea. #TaxDay
Poor guy had to shake hands with a turd.
Is he as #unqualified to do hos job as you are to lead education? Did he buy his seat like previous #ivorytowerelitistcowards who filled the #swamp. @realDonaldTrump dishonored those who served and could do this job, those that earned it when you bribed your way in. #RethinkDeVos
Sweet.... when does he start the investigation and impeachment proceedings of the “acting” Secretary of Education?
You’re doing a good job these public schools are trash it’s a bureaucracy design to get paychecks to people who don’t work for they do not care for kids . You’ve got to tough it out and make it happen
Did he buy his job too?
You are not suited or appropriate for this cabinet position.  You have acknowledged that you bought and paid for this position.  Now  it’s time for you to resign.
Does he know anything about teaching or student loans? How can he help if he's part of the bureaucratic problem? If he has had to endure the debt of Federal loans and he knows what it is like in a classroom, more power to him!
Amen.
Nothing protracted about his confirmation. I mean, he has been nominated to a position in one of the most f—-ed up administrations in our nations history, Including the Dept. of Ed. which you seemingly are ‘leading’.
If by leading you mean destroying.  That’s the DeVos way.
Congratulations @BetsyDeVosED.

Now speak about HR899. The Bill to "Eliminate the Department of Education". Now with 12 co-sponsors.
Is that a real bill? God I hope so. The USDOE NEEDS to be eliminated.
Back to basics. 3R
Well, the requirements for his job couldn't have been too demanding. I mean, look at how unqualified you are for your position ..'US Secretary of Education', what a sham. 
It's not what you know .. it's who you know, amiright, ladies?
Make Education Great Again, Betsy!
Betsy, @POTUS @realDonaldTrump needs to replace you. You have done NOTHING except attend meetings and meander your way through your position. Our precious children MUST HAVE representation to IMPROVE our failing school system!  Move over and make room for experience!
You’ve got that right.  The US public schools are going to shit. It’s going to take years to rebuild the mess. Our kids are the mass casualties in this nations education system, kids who can’t read, can’t do math, can’t think creatively.  Very sad indeed.
I’m hoping @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @IvankaTrump will realize DeVos isn’t doing a thing for the students. She’s riding coattails and needs to be replaced ASAP!  She’s not accomplished one single thing during her appointment. We must have EXPERIENCE in this position.
END COMMON CORE NOW 
As you screw the middle and working class for your own benefit #greed. #greedrunrampant #dumb
Common core and the standardized tests have to go. Your private schools do not have to teach common core or teach “the test” it is like you want public schools to fail. No it is that you WANT public schools to fail...
Trump administration goes through a lot of lawyers...
Does he have a law degree? Or did he buy his job like you?
LOL!
What your saying is... We need him to cover my a** as I destroy the American education system. #Thedumbingdownofamerica
What's his experience? Parents need to start filing lawsuits against these people because they aren't advocates for children.
Hey Bets, you’ve been in your office for nearly a hear and a half.  What positive changes in Public Education have you made?
Go suck an egg, betsy 
Okay Betsy. So tell me, Just what is he going to do? Or, is he just boing to be an extension of you?
Whiner
When are you going to get rid of common core/new math? Get rid of satanists after school clubs and put vocational programs back in high school.
How about funding public schools adequately.
Protracted processes are only so if necessary. You shouldn’t taint your posts with bias and propaganda.
Keep your radical fundamentalism and your religious bullying out of education.
Oh, look.  He's white.  What a shock.
A big part of disgraced Education Secretary Betsy DeVos's plan to destroy public education is to facilitate school shootings by funding the politicians who protect the NRA.
Another f*cking swamp thing joins Team Bullshit. I am so ready for this circus to leave town. #BlueWave2018 #LockThemAllUpAlready
@realDonaldTrump today would be a GREAT DAY to fire Betsy unless you are too busy focusing on @nikkihaley and her firing/resignation.  Aren't these people just making America grand?  NOT!  #MuellerTime
Yeah, but do you trust him?
Carlos G. Muniz, lawyer involved in Trump U case, offered federal job
Remember that when you try and dismantle IDEA!!!
Technically, we don't need IDEA. We have 504.

They don't comply with IDEIA anyway, so I'm all for taking away that money.
so Bets, 30 years out, when all the kids educated during the Dark Ages of your "reign" are the doctors, physicists, etc., you gonna be around to wonder why USA is so far behind the amazing science & medicine in the rest of the world? Nope, but your damage will live on....
ah, you found someone who will gin up legal basis to drain public schools of cash and promote Christian fundamentalist values -- eg, take real science out of schools and push wacky junk science all...."in the name of doing God's work"......excellent work Betsy...excellent
please #resign
How much did he pay for his position?
#resign
@BetsyDeVosED When is Common Core finally going away?!?!?!?!
Your brother is going to jail..
Erik Dark Prince is an evil mercenary that conspired with Russians in the Seychelles.  It’s crazy that I can’t say who is worse: DeVos or Prince.
Resign.  You're just the worst.  Seriously.
Only the best people for Trump! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carlos_G._Mu%C3%B1iz …
Now set up a meeting with him and have him to review #IDEA laws for you. Let’s see how you will uphold these laws.
Just resign
Resign now!!
What's wrong with him?
#Resign

Keep up the great work!
When will you actually accomplish anything that benefits our students. Stop wasting our time with photo ops and actually work for our students, not for your corporate cronies. Your charter school plan is only good for them. You are unqualified and compromised. Resign.
He apparently hadn't spent as much to buy his nomination as you did. Does he have a law degree because you have no credentials so why should he?
Bigot Betsy buys her way into destroying Americas children
After an unnecessarily protracted campaign for a qualified Secretary of Education, I am pleased to say once again, RESIGN!
Great news Betsy!
Another flunkee I'm sure
I hope he represents all students and not big business like you.
How much does he despise gay kids, Secretary? Did you hold out for a real hardliner? Oh, BTW: resign.
He'll fit right in with your efforts to protect rapists.
Too bad the same can't be said for you
Liar
You are an embarrassment to hard working educators everywhere. History will not be kind to you.


She doesn't care about this or she would do something other than travel around at the taxpayer's expense living the high life. She is a leech polluting this country. Watch, she won't respond to you, she thinks herself too good to address the commoners.
What a low class way to make your announcement, leading with “after an unnecessarily protracted confirmation process.” Way to set an example for kids. Or do you not really care about kids or education, only about your , right?
I can see by your tweet you are a fine example for our young minds. Hope your not going into the teaching field.
Hateful
PLEASE resign and take him with you. I said please.
http://www.killinged.com   Good maybe you can use this new legal counsel to dismantle the radical islamic group THE GULEN MOVEMENT that is teaching over 75,000 American Children, and stealing billions of our tax dollars.  @michaelmatsuda @VivianEkchian @MassEducation @CarlKornNYSUT
She is in on it. She is America’s Gulen with a Christian agenda. Out to line her wallet. #disaster #resign
Don't think she is out to line her pockets but she is out to christianize education. But first she wants to bankrupt and dismantle traditional public education. Reconstruct rather than build on the tradition public schools. She rarely bothers visiting schools and has a guard.
Don’t kid yourself, @BetsyDeVosED is looking for a pay day
She already has billions. Maybe so don't understand why one wants more when they already have more than most.  Money doesn't buy her respect.
Betsy I suggest u put a task force of qualified educators & superintendents togehter, u r clueless about what issues are facing American Children & their families.  you continue to allow a controversial foreign islamic cult teach our children stealing billions of tax money #Gulen
Betsy is this all some big joke 2 u? do you take the position seriously and actually want to help children in America? You would not be there if it hadn't been for your money and Pence throwing the decision., You should step down or bring in superintendents from USA as advisors
@BetsyDeVosED you need more than legal counsel, U need to know what education needs in the USA, out of touch with reality.  The Gulen Movement has to go we don't need a radical islamic group operating the largest network of publicly funded charter schools, u r in over your head.
Public education should not be a platform for Islam. Teach muslims to read and write. Let their parents tell them the lies. They should figure out the truth on their own.
That's mean and #racist
#snowflake #shitholeGOP
Get a grip man

I swear looking at your face and what your doing to our education system make me want to puke !!
Get a grip man
Lemme guess... He's an incompetent person who has no business anywhere near a school, just like you?
#BetseyDevosED
#CarlosMuniz
KEEP UP 
THE #GREAT WORK !!!
WE ARE COUNTING ON
YOU AND YOUR TEAM !!

#MSGA ~
#MakingSchoolsGreatAgain !

#MAGA !
Defund and close this unconstitutional dept
Let me guess... he's been hired because he's a friend of yours & your corrupt brother Eric. 
Have you been to one if tbose failing schools yet? Have even one suggestion on how to solve the problems failing schools have? Go to a different school solves NOTHING.
Your hater counterparts were upset that she DID Not go to more schools. Witch is it... oh, its hate no matter what.
*which
Just quit already
What are you doing to shut down the dual language program that OUR TAX DOLLARS are funding? This program leaves the American children behind and is a way that the global elite are attacking from within.
Fakest smile ever. Most staged photo ever
Which means, “as you find more ways to destroy public education while lining the pockets of your cronies “. You should be ashamed.
Oh good ya, and he’s white too
Your picture shows a while women. You dont belong here. Racist tweet
Someone doesn’t understand sarcasm.
For someone "working so hard" you sure look well rested and tan!
Resting can make you tired and tanning is exhausting!
Also, why is your face orange?
But will he help you privatize education so your family can extract personal wealth from the public coffers?
Shame we didn’t have an “unnecessarily protracted confirmation process” for you. Btw, the only advancements you have accomplished are those of this racist, bigoted & misogynistic admin’s agenda. Oh, and nationwide teacher strikes due to lack of funding! Kudos!
If you approve, he's the wrong guy. #Resign
I dont even know him. But 2 things stood out for me
1. She endorsed him, which means he is incompetent
2. She didnt mention anything about his ecperiwnce in public education, which means he is a scammer like her
You are unqualified, corrupt, and your mommy bought your job.
Her brother is in a corner office, probably protected with a sound proof phone both. War means profit for her brother.
As long as they’re rich, white and Christian.  Betsy DeVos.
The Education system in New Jersey is failing! PLEASE DO SOMETHING NOW @BetsyDeVosED
You didn't earn your way... out of touch w humanity
Very concerning
@realDonaldTrump Mabey he can end the liberal indoctrination of our children (Americas future), repair/replace liberal common core, and return adminstration of our schools to the states.
Hooter no write english good mabye it is the liburals fault.
“An investigation by the Education Department’s Office of Civil Rights is still underway, presenting a potential conflict of interest if Muniz is confirmed.”
Not everyone can afford to purchase a govt job like you did. Some have to ass kiss like this guy.
You, betsy, are the unnecessary one. Please resign. Our children deserve someone better than you.
All 10 years of his experience! Couldn't you find someone older with more experience? Do you really care about this issue, or are you just placating us?
