The anti American teachers pushing hate on the students need to go. My son had his grade sanctioned because of his pro Trump debate. If the crops are rotten at every semester's "harvest"? Who are the farmers? And who has direct control over the future electorate?
You give the impression of being a parent who doesn’t know much about her kids’ schools. More volunteering and PTA meetings, less Fox News and rush Limbaugh.
Ugh.  Please resign.
NO HATER!!!

We all know how you want to achieve school safety.
Educators need more funding towards educational resources, not bonuses for being armed.

Little boy what in the hell is wrong with you?
#CallingBS
If you really want children to succeed, resign.
NOPE!!!
Dear Betsy, what are you doing to reign in Marxist teachers? Our kids are boiling like frogs in the classroom. #SOSBetsyDevos our nation is in distress!
Resign now Mrs. DeVos.
#PraiseDevos Thank You for What You Do for All American Children! Keep Up The Fight!!! 
What about the teachers? They should be a major focus. So sad they don’t get paid for all that they do
Marxists indoctrination should be banned from publicly funded institutions immediately. It's a religion, except the State/Government is their god.
You are hypocritical beyond words.
Truly Sad!!!
But ------- what about the bears?
No no it won’t and just honest with us we are far from clueless...
Stop Betsy DeVos. She is a fraud.
WRONG!!! Keep lying to your self
You are a pathetic GOP follower and contributor. You don’t give a damn about students. That was crystal clear in both your budget hearing and your disastrous 60 Minutes interview. Go hide in your mansion and never come back out. Ever. #DumpDeVos
WRONG TW You dont Speak For Patriotic Americans!!! #IStandwithDevos 
It will do nothing. #RESIGN
Sack the liberal teachers. Violence will drop 90% overnight.
A gun in every pot!
Can you have the manufacturers of bullet proof bookbags make a large  curtain to be placed in each classroom that would be closed in the event of an active shooter to shield the kids
You are the epitome of "smile and pretend like you know what's going on."  In every. Single. Appearance.
Please go jump off a cliff

Like the FBI? Like the local SCHOOL BOARDS?  Like local LAW ENFORCEMENT?  THEY ALL ARE THE REASON THE KILLINGS HAPPENED IN FLORIDA. THE gun was this kids weapon of choice.  The FBI, SCHOOL BOARD, AND LAW ENFORCEMENT MADE THEIR CHOICE NOT TO ACT ON THE INFO IN THEIR HANDS.
Were you marching for students’ lived today? I must’ve missed you.
NO! She has #CommonSense #MarchForOurLies 
Safeguarding our liberty has aged so well, we can write it down in English!
DANGER!!!!
BULLSo DUMB!!!
You are so out of your depth! Do us all a favor RESIGN! If you care about education of our children you will RESIGN!


Enough said. #VetsVsTheNRA #MarchForOurLives 
#NoVouchDevos
Betsy, Seriously are you drunk?  Are you not paying attention? On today of all day you are once again being completely tone deaf and tasteless.
Great, good to have guns for those bears.  Didn’t get your voucher money, thought, did you?
No...it really doesn’t. It’s all for snow.
This is a rebranding if a reauthorization of an existing grant program. Trump has done nothing
I nominate you to be used as a human shield.  Bullets would be deflected by your Bucky Beaver teeth.
It makes students safer? Does it require universal background checks? Cause that would make students safer.
Great! The kids can hold that law up in front of them while they dodge bullets!
Look how few likes your tweets get these days. NOBODY wants you in that position anymore.
What about the important step where you resign or get fired? Let’s hurry up and get to that one.
#Resign

Important step today . POTUS seriously considering having you replaced !
The whole spending bill shows what a joke u are
If you really want to make schools safer, RESIGN.
Your ED priorities were categorically dumped. Stop trying to scuttle our children's education.
You are a fraud to support @realDonaldTrump and his misguided ideas.
Does this only apply to private schools?  Do you even know that public education exists?
that law that is like your tweets - afraid to say the word “gun”
Yet you are taking funding away?!?!   What an arse!
Amazingly, you’re the least qualified member of @realDonaldTrump’s administration which is no small feat
Maybe we should look into making sure guns don’t get into the hands of bad people. #TrumpsMorons
When you sit in a classroom during a lockdown drill and see fear in each child’s face as they whisper, “Is this real?”  you will know how much we need the assault weapon ban back and stricter regulations to keep guns out of the hands of those who want to hurt our students.
Maybe some would think that. But people who understand the reality of the situation realize that a ban is worthless. What we need is armed security who can properly protect our students
I think she is saying she understands the reality- she lives with it by having to do these drills...
Believeing stricter gun control measures will decrease violence isn't reality. It's a fantasy that history has disproven multiple times. There was an assault weapon ban in effect for several years. There was no less gun violence because of it.
Australia...
Aren't you sweet.
Resign. You are unqualified and have NO business being Secretary of Ed.
Big government, bringing guns into our schools! Next they'll tell us what to read! America hates you, DeVos.
You refer reader to an NRA commercial. SERIOUSLY??


This makes no sense. Shooter won't go to that classroom. Better to look normal, and carry concealed weapon. You promote a false narrative
Hey butthead Betsy, (Trump’s nickname for you).
I recommend that you get a lifestyle coach that can review your strengths and weaknesses, so they can find a suitable occupation for you.
Find a job to match your skills and one you enjoy!
Teach @POTUS to read!
I think her strength is opening her checkbook.
You shouldn’t even have a job
That's another lot if nothing again
 No reassurance.
No up lifting
No plans 
No nothing 
American's look forward in giving you and Trump
Lol, weren’t you the one who wanted drastic reductions in school budgets???
DO THE MATH BETSY,   ~ $409.05 ~

$409.05 PER YEAR PER SCHOOL 

There are roughly 98,300 Public Schools in the U.S. & 16,600 PostSecondary Institutions. 

Congress thinks that their $47 Million is a big help It represents $409.05 per school, PATHETIC

#NeverAgain #EnoughIsEnough
You r wrong. Why did you add college to this. It doesn't apply. College is not mandatory and you not a "kid" in college. And...
....And schools require different amounts based on needs. It is not an equal distribution. So stop trolling education and get educated.
Important step today: turn in your resignation papers. You are unfit for your position!!
This is a fucking joke. Putting the word "stop" in a bill doesn't make it stop, you know at least that much right?
You wasted your life outside the hallowed halls of higher education. Money doesn't buy intellectual curiosity or smarts. You proved that ad nauseum Resign. Why #CambridgeAnalytica #SpectrumBank ? #MarchForOurLives
Forgive me, but I don’t believe a word that comes out of your lying mouth.
This is a stepping stone. However, now we will have to fight our school boards and state as to what they pick and choose from this funding. Definitely do not want metal detectors. Just bullet proof glass and an trained armed guard.
Get rid of COMMIN CORE already.
@realDonaldTrump
Done very little if anything
The bill was hijacked and ruined from it's original intent. Now it's just any one of a hundred anti Second Amendment laws that are killing this country.  Shame on Y'all.
Resign
THANK THE CHILDREN WHO SURVIVED AND PUT A BUG UP YOUR ASS ABOUT GUN VIOLENCE IN SCHOOLS B
This bill doesn't address guns at all. It just strengthens the defense which is putting a band-aid on a stab wound.
No it’s a significant rip at gun rights. It will disarm many legal gun owners.
How
Have you noticed all the Russians bots are putting “The Gipper” on their headers now?
It’s weak. And you know it.
Stop school violence (unless you’re LGBTQ or a female , right?)
Safer from those darn grizzly bear attacks! 
