The answer is NO
#fellowsatED oh man I’m early but we don’t have this problem in my community. Honey is a real problem.  But since the Ed dept is focused on all topics not education...can you look into hosting a HoneyChat?

How about talking about FUNDING PUBLIC SCHOOLS??? You know...your Jobs!!

#uselessDeptofED
You are the one cabinet member whose firing I’m actually looking forward to. Come on, @realDonaldTrump, most of us hate you and don’t support you in most things, but if you fire her, we’ll give you a Big Mac.... 2.
Hi Betsy, in this chat are you going to explain why you pushed for cutting the only federal funding source devoted exclusively for before- and after-school programs, drug and violence-prevention ?...
Is opioid addiction the educational topic the fellows chose, or was this the topic assigned by the administration?
How rude of you to not mention the National Teacher Ward going to Mandy Manning in Spokane, Washington!  What a fabulous person who teaches English to new refugee and immigrant students at Newcomer Center at Joel E. Ferris High School.  Congratulations,  Mandy!
Why are you failing our kids?
How can you have an intelligent “chat” about any topic when the leader of @usedgov is so incompetent?  She obviously knows nothing about education and you are going to add #opoid into the mix?   Pleaaaase!
Stop stealing kids money. You are Reverse Robinhood. @BetsyDeVos @reverserobinhood
She is the poster person of the century for wealth is a matter of luck & not anything else. STUPID is primarily not a matter of variables such as wealth, education or genetics. People protecting you & starting out with 10 million or more seems to be the most important variables.
I am glad DeVos can't speak or lie very well. She has never been in a "poor folks" school, not even a white one! Her policies segregated those gender identity folks & made college rape much easier than when she arrived. Her command of the facts is very limited & inspired protests
Betsy is moving toward privatization of education in the US: insatiable greed & moral flexibility" Winners are egotistical, arrogant & self-indulgent. profits for the 1% usurp educating the bottom 90%. Ivy League Business 101: Profits "winner takes all" mindset rationalizing.
Your department shouldn't even exist
It's not already infrastructure week again?
Schools r now teaching kids how 2 do drugs + b gay. Where did this curriculum come from + why r our tax dollars paying 4 it. We need the basics back. Science, math, History + English. All other subjects r nonsense + they r dumbing down our kids. 12 yo shouldn't need sex ed.
You losing a couple dollars today has brought a smile to my face. You deserve worse but it will do for now. Have a nice day you decrepit Old bag.
HIDDEN CAM: Union City NJEA Protects "Teacher Who Had Sex" w/ Student
Your department shouldn't even exist.
#TeacherAgainstDOE
Betsy DeVos wants to destroy public education. She also supports the politicians who protect the NRA and enable school shootings to continue. Think about that.
I would have to take an #opioid to survive the event if @BetsyDeVosED has anything to do with the presentation.
