stop pandering, if ppl don't even attempt to learn the language they aren't that invested in the US...
you do realize we don't have an official language in the United States?
and?
Pinche mentiroso! ObamaCare aumento todos los precios medicos

Democratas solamente quieren control totalmente de nuestro salud
you are insane Shumer
you need to be held accountable for this
My Great Great Grandmother went to night school to learn English before she came here for a reason she wanted to assimilate
actually, I think it's great that schumer's reaching out to spanish speakers; remember, not everyone speaks English.

Y tu eres un tonto perdido.
They should not get it unless they are legally here.
You own failing Obamacare now Chucky.. Trump placed it in your kap. LOL HAHAHA
Chingate, cabron.
like you know Spanish. Patronizer.
schumer your officially a troll 75% of permanent homeless are medically disabled. 99% of that happened under obama and aca. fact
@SenSchumer es un idiota grande!
Es el mismo tipo de marxista corrupto, escapaste
@RepublicanChick
what kind of languages on your site RUSSIANS this language need to be investage NOTreadable write in spy language yourspy leaker
speak English in my country if you want to work here Chucky.
Our country is changing regardless of what rock you live under and has been for decades.
race baiter!
big fat Affordable Healthcare muy  burrito  lie... Costs are skyrocketing Mucho Now. Loco HOMBRE
People who immigrate 2 US need 2 learn to speak English to assimilate, this tweet is disrespectful & illegals shouldnt be on ACA
you really have a hard time understanding compassion. SAD! 

Have fun convincing St. Peter at the Pearly Gates.
Does all "illegals" speak Spanish? [No]

There is nothing in the constitution that say people should only talk in English.
Can you provide evidence for your statements? Also, judging others & claiming to be superior fits the 1930's, not the 2010's.
Obamacare
no seas pendejo, don't buy into this BS "taco bowl engagement"
chuckle really? Catering to Hispanics when you have done nothing but use us! You need to retire you are no longer reverent.
can't wait for Trump to make English the language of the US
Obama Care is putting a living out of Americans reach
Detener su grandstanding. Trabajar con GOP para revocar y reemplazar ACA. Te encuentro tweeting en español pandering
Press 1 for English
You pretend to care about Hispanics You never said shit when Obama doomed Cubans to #Communism by ending  WetFootDryFoot
mentiras y tácticas de miedo están malvado pero esperado de usted 
you really don't het it.
Tú hablas español, como las galletas y el culo.
deja de estar diciendo mentiras democratas. Tu eres el individo mas descarado en todo el senado! Obamacare es un desastre!
Usted es un antiamericano que no cree en las leyes. Ustedes políticos de Carrera son peores  que los mafiosos.
just like I have to pay 1200  monthly premiums, guess what now my wife doesn't have any insurance thanks cuz I can't afford it
my family immigrated from the Ukraine could you please speak Ukrainian so i don't feel offended by your Spanish
@senschumer = Mentiroso
No esta verdad
Eres un idiota y tracionero,  how's that for a Spanish lesson Chuck, or should I say "El Chucko "
Cállate ya tapatho no sabes nada pendejo
this is America unless you are addressing illegals, speak ENGLISH
is counting on illegal aliens to commit vote fraud on behalf of demon-rat party like in Chicago!
Que gran mentiroso es este señor Shumer. A mí familia le aumento el costo médico con Obamacare, muchísimo! Mentiroso y corrupto.
es un descarado! pero asi es el partido democrata. encouraging illegal immigration to make into 
Obamacare la cagò y usted es un traidor, su agenda es nefasta y anti americana..vayase al carajo cabron #MAGA #LockThemUp
you Dems are digging your political graves every day. Trump is stomping on your party.
Latinos, Schumer is a mentiroso.
sonso
el hecho que escriba en español no quiere decir que a muchos de nosotros nos estara lavando el cerebro con sus mentiras!!
I don't have insurance fuck....ing Obama care is out of control
you corrupt liar. You democrats are a detriment to US since you lack of wisdom, patriotism & love for law. Approve Gorsuch & Trump admin.
Lol. Pandering to hispanics. How low can you go Chuckie. Let's see you do a news conference in all Spanish. Impress us.
you are the problem resign, tú nos mantienes en la ignorancia y en la mano de hobra barata no somos esclavos , rata abusador
Pendejo
I a American know.i born in the other side of the border and I'm a democrat chuck please resign no quiero limosna, no es clavos
Pandering .. Schemer has no idea what this says
paid an illegal alien probably a dominican from crown heights to translate that from him.
U R the pitts Chuckie
Gracias por usar Google Translate viejo pendejo. Ahora retírate, vallase a su case y duermate por favor.
This bill isnt great, and its put forward by ur schill Ryan, but still btr than u cud do.
healthcare is already out of control. How much does healthcare cost you ?
Naci para sufrir
Oh, please!  We see your ignorant pandering!
y que hizo Obama care? No se haga el que le importa la familia! Estamos aquí por culpa de los demócratas! Callese la boca!
@robinlecronesco @SenSchumer Amen. La chica dice verdades como puños
totally
hahaha #Americans & #LatinosForTrump see through this bs and r sick of the games u #politicians  play! #stopusingthelatinos
is Hispandering again
yo perdi mi seguro porque AHA subio primas/deducibles. Su presagio es historia y no soy ilegal ni en welfare asi que me joda no?
Chuckles...Gorsuch a nomination that will BE approved!  You..an ABOMINATION who should slither back under your rock! Yay Reid!!
you’ve got to be kidding me. Spanish? This is america, Sir. #buildthewall
he is trying to keep the latinos brainwashed with his BS thats all and wants some to think he cares for them
#Obamacare ya lo hizo, Chuckles. Por lo tanto, la nación quiere que #RepealedAndReplaced. Así dice la nación, así será. Maga
you don't even speak Spanish . Stop pandering.
Narativo falso. Laverdad es que Obamacare ha fallado.
....Scare tactics. you'll stop at nothing to push your liberal agenda
Yeah just Latino families. LOL. Just shows what about lying Senator you are.....
English please!!
Just want ability to Purchase Catastropic Plan W/O mandates
Do I press 1 or 2?
putting him out of reach of many Latino families??? What the hell is this? Saying all Latino's are scumbags?
U want 2 help our country & support our founding fathers? Then vote 4 the Supreme Count nominee.He will defend our constitution
Yeah screw the middle class that ACA made pay more. Get out of healthcare gov.
my family is from Italy and I was wondering if you could start tweeting in Italian to show you don't discriminate against me.
keep using that swinging watch and speaking Liberalese to get ppl to believe what you say
I'm not impressed..
you mean out of reach for illegals don't you?
wow! A Spanish Jew. Who'd thunk it? Try Yiddish now.
Vote por trumpcare. Nuestras necesidades de cuidado de salud cambian o será peor de lo que Chuck hace sonar como
We live on n America and our Language we use and encourage is ENGLISH Senator!!!!! #MAGA 
Hey Chuckie tell them in Spanish that ObamaCare is going to implode! You are a disgrace
Usted es un miedo-monger y un obstruccionista. Usted perra pero no ofrecen soluciones, usted es el problema Chucky!
la pura verdad!!
So it's ok for you & Harry Reid to change rules. But now you are telling the Republican majority to not do what you did?
Yes- not with Americans!  #faketears
. You just want your illegals covered. Stop lying to us Americans and start fighting for us. Resign before its too late.
When you visit a foreign country do you know there language too?   @SenSchumer
Here we go with the third world language crap again. We all know you need lots of illegal votes to keep your job. Good work!
Potential 'smoking gun' showing Obama administration spied on Trump team, source says
Gracias for reaching out to Spanish-speaking Americans.
el hecho de que hable español no cambia que los demócratas son peor que Satanás
Si hermana Terry, Usted dice la verdad!!!
please stop tweeting in Spanish that's obviously done by google translate
