well then you're not much of a thinker
I respect the office
I'm under no obligation to respect the occupant
There's a difference between not respecting the president and lying about him to undermine his ability to lead.
Ever notice how Democrats' opponents complain when their positions are challenged? They don't reply with reason.
thanks for playing

Now off to the phantom zone
Back atcha, sonny. 

@jonallendc
Funny- I don't remember this deep thinking for past 8 yrs. Stop trying to sound so holier-than-thou. Your silence ws deafening.
my silence about what?
The right's/Trump's demand for PBO's long-form birth certificate (he'd already provided his short-form).
Maybe add efforts to destroy confidence in fair elections, impartiality of judges, independence of Fed, integrity of FBI . . .
How was your 8 year nap? @jonallendc
precisely! @jonallendc
I haven't been able to watch Chris Matthews since 2009.
Of course if this had been front page news back when Donald Trump was winning primaries it might have f**g mattered.
Please stop patting yourselves on the back for finally, meekly standing up to a racist, lying sack of excrement.
Democrat still claim George Bush stole the 2000 & 2004 elections. Harry Reid lied about Romney's taxes on Senate floor. Spare me
And Dems still continue to blame all failures of the Obama economy on Bush.
Coupled w/ MSM that's given Trump free pass on his lies, false claims, no release of taxes, Foundation improprieties
Insidious, pernicious, downright un-American. This type of sneaky attack on a president is done only out of evil hatred for U.S.
for years and years. The height of political cynicism and calculation.
@DavidPepper I agree. Look forward to apology from Democratic Party for pushing "selected not elected" hate on Bush
An indictment of the entire GOP, starting with Mitch McConnell and the coordinated effort to block ALL legislation from @POTUS
"Pernicious"...or un-American? Or treasonous? Not kidding.
@freespeak3 that word is spot on...hell of a choice Sir, 'pernicious..'  u learn something new everyday.
How about a Fourth Estate (w a few exceptions, of course) that is remarkably cavalier abt whether the instigator becomes Pres
I've taken screen shot so I can check in on you after Nov 8.
I agree and I think the media should have continued to 'beat this drum'  THERE IS STILL TIME!
How about condoning a foreign adversary hacking into servers to influence our election?
President Obama @POTUS will be one of the most honored presidents in history. I  I was smart enough to vote for him 2x 
And Trump walks away like its another day at the office. No "I'm sorry", no "I was wrong".Just: "I am saying it to get past it"
I know, and Hillary was horrible for starting birtherism to begin with
@by_mhrudolph Except a campaign to elect Trump
Trump has discovered "nobody cares." Voters and the press want entertainment and Trump gives it to them.
. @jonallendc Like the Democrats did to Bush for 8 years...  yeah...  we noticed what Anti-American Traitors they are
His ideas are "perniciously anemic.".
I can't tell if this is about Trump or McConnell. @jonallendc
It's hard to think of anything more pernicious to the interests of the U.S. than a campaign to delegitimize a duly elected president.
Yes, it is. :)
@Xaron4 ... Sen. Cotton's letter to Iran Prez comes to mind.  Wait, that may be treason not pernicious.  So ok.
Whole damn #GOP #Congress plotted to delegitimize POTUS. We've gone from dog whistles 2 out-loud #Trump.
Have you suffered concussions like @HillaryClinton and forgotten the Bush 43 presidency?
Pernicious. Nice. #Iloveagoodword
And if Hillary is elected, Trump will do the same to her. #TrumpLies
Racist people in America are hard to spot but will support other racists. @GOP
@JeffersonObama Delegitimizing Clinton and Obama is page 1 of the GOP playbook. No Democrat is a real President.
if it quacks like treason...
Can't wait to see the river cried by you libs when Trump wins. PRICE LESS.
Obama needs no help delegitimizing him self, his actions speak louder than any words, go vote 4 the criminal Hillary.
Funny how Obama lost evry state w/ voter ID laws, Soros- puppet master, Obama- Puppet!
screw Obama, no one else has called him out or stopped his assault on America!
How about that duly elected poc so called president RUING this country, MSM won't talk about that!
The facts are the whole GOP and it's leadership made a decision 8 yrs ago to delegitimize the first black duly elected president
Close second: challenge legitimacy of electoral system
What about shutting down government, vowing to block all legislation, or ignoring SCOTUS nominee for 10 mos.?
Dixie Chicks careers were ruined for saying they were ashamed that Bush was born in Texas. Is what Trump said worse? I think so. @jonallendc
Hillary Calls Trump Original ‘Birther’, But Her Campaign Actually Starte... https://youtu.be/RVZ4iDviZe8  via @YouTube
Obama won twice more than Reagan

Obama
2008 -69 M
2012 -66 M
Total -135 million

Regan
1980 -43 M
1984 -54 M
Total  97million
are you talking about Putin or the Republicans?
You have to understand a Narcissistic Sociopath. This is EXACTLY what they do.Try and convince/con that all are wrong, he is Ok
I'm proud of my president who's worked hard to get us out of the worst recession in history w/intelligence, grace & dignity!
It's not a new invention, it was perfected during Clinton's Term and repeated with Obama. Consider all Dem Admins illegitimate.
@eclecticbrotha Just wait till you hear what he says about the "rigged" vote count on Nov 9.
Trump claimed the only way he loses this election would be if it was rigged, thereby undermining the outcome & democracy itself
Technique was used on Bill Clinton too (didn't win 50%+ of vote) but nothing could be worse than Trump's birther campaign.
If you watch the WNBA, you have no credibility to speak on any topic other than gay rights.
@NormOrnstein Trump's been involved with several such: birthers, 2012 tweets, saying if he loses election was rigged
@aravosis Now you see why he likes the uneducated.
I am very educated fool, It's all you "progressive" idiots that don't get it.
@NormOrnstein wag the dog till u feed it to death - move to 1 of the 291K other dog wag'n in the yard - DJT's the fiddle master
It's a wonder that NYT doesn't seem to regard it as a problem. They are more eager to be proved f---king right!
At least if he loses, he will concede gracefully and reinforce the  credibility of our institutions. :) #nogoodoutcome
pay to play? Theft? Assassinating world
Leader&laughing? Lying abt health? Hiding? Deceit? Abuse of power? Compromise nat sec?
It was the Rpbln Ldrshp's strategy for Obama, formed in Dec., 2008 &carried through 2016.
@mmurraypolitics He's already doing it for the next president as well by saying the voting will be rigged.
It's R Party, not just DJT. Obama was not 1st. Rs will not accept any lawfully elected D prez; don't accept our system of govt.
.@jonallendc Go on.......
@mmurraypolitics How about a woman who corrupts a high office by selling favors to billionaires & despots? #HillaryCollapses
Trump's Hawaii was from Corsi, Arpaio, Cold Case Posse's Zullo. We debunk at http://www.thefogbow.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=62&t=5596 …  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ediyrHTu7bM …
And you said this from 2000-2008 as well, right?
What about Loretta Fuddy? No MSM coverage.
For what reason have you self-selected as Irredeemable? Solidarity, or phobias?
Solidarity!
why?
Hillary's Elitist words.
so, you'll stand with racists, sexists, homophobes, etc, harmful people, over elitist words?
Unlike you & Hillary, I am not buying into labels. Nice try.
so, people who would deny someone a job based on their skin color. how about that? that's functional.
.@jonallendc ...and elections, settled matters, enacted laws, local government authority, independence of judiciary. Leaves only Trump.
Tell me this is not deplorable.
"selected not elected" #ownit
They call it patriotism, and mainstream journalism has decided that it is the most legitimate POV.
you missed DULY ELECTED
Agreed. But certainly appears to be what he is trying to do, not only to @POTUS, but to @HillaryClinton if she wins
At this point, he's trying to delegitimize reality.
