Buenas noches desde el espacio.ISs.Via @StationCDRKelly
we’re raising funds for the families of the 3 fallen officers. A donation/RT would go a long way 
beautiful post , I wish everyone could see the world from such a high perspective feeling how small we are
Count yourself as lucky to be above all the fray. Take care.
I guess you suspect @StationCDRKelly in space. He's not there but back on Earth :)
Sorry, I thought the other brother who had gone up. Thanks for the info.
The other brother, aka @ShuttleCDRKelly, has retired from NASA in 2011 already :)
. This is why the aliens won't talk to us. 
looks so beautiful from up there. Such a mess down here 
When we as humans begin to accept that we are responsible, maybe then peace will begin.
Peace in your heart is peace on Earth. Start with yours.
@blueskiesatx it all starts here Scott...
I think that the answer to much of this, is closer to where you are, than to where we are. #Pray
I want to  apologize  to you. For including  you name in my conversation  with the  man named doc
its good that you arr far far away from this sad planet. Discover a happy one for us please.
Beautiful picture! Sad events!
fighting 4 our own lives this time @Potus send help Now! @whiteHouse #doj #BlackLivesMatter army reservist/Afghanistan Vets
it's so wonderful
your planet is falling apart
is Sad
What's happening down there?
Amen!
nice day
Congratulations on writing a great gov tweet! http://shiningsea.measuredvoice.com/StationCDRKelly/status/751479254404198400 … (Ranked 1st for Jul 8.)
earth looks so peaceful from up there
si señores PAZ EN LA TIERRA...
Perspective.  RT @StationCDRKelly Saddened by the tragic events this week. Wishing everyone peace on Earth.
@odeedee
@mggtTaylor "You may leave here for a few days in space, but when you return it's the same old place" Barry McGuire
is there Really Peace?
I love astronauts, you hero's always have the best view of the world. Thanks!
I wish I had your perspective.
all stuff made of the universe. Doesn't come from some place outside the universe. You want to see what else is out there?
I think so. Thank you for your a beautiful photo.
Let's pray & live together , beautiful mother Earth
@nicholas_cindi 
Good Will towards men &women.The World has no borders from space 
THE SAD THING IS THAT WHAT JUST HAPPENED DO NOT EVEN MAKE THE TOP 100 LIST IN COMPARISON 2 ALL THE THINGS TALKING PLACE.SAD
are you wishing you were still up there in the ISS?
oh you are shocked?? Really? Then ask your government to stop killing people for their oil.
@mggtTaylor  makes you wonder why don't we take criminals and exile them to mars
Because it simply is much too expensive. Talking of billions of dollars.
well said ...
I don't "Twitter" much, hardly at all. I added a quote to your picture. I hope you don't mind.
@StationCDRKelly
@AnikkaAlbrite so cute
we are all here together for some reason and I'm almost positive that it isn't to fight each other
 but it is not easy 
we have the biggest [One] Tin Soldier & I'm reminded in that old song;
how 2 be
& how not 2 be
it's hard 2 imagine here
BC
@tracieeeeee its planned
And it's all just a "game" to them.
Thank you¡! Beatiful 
yes, more peace, less hate, more love, less anger, more mercy
I think its unfortunate but we most likely will never experience peace on earth. Not in our life times.
. @StationCDRKelly Hi Scott, Thank you for your great photos. I wish you could have seen and felt saddened by the events in the ME as well.
yes. FOR EVERYONE!
it's just Sickening. We are doomed. Keeps getting worse.
should go back up...no hope for us here
Peace !!!!Calm to the soul!!Thanks !!!
what about ORLANDO?
Easy to say when you can leave the fucking planet!
@JennyJohnsonHi5 add St Louis to that. An officer died after being shot during a traffic stop. Was on his way back to car
thats the dream we have, hope some day we got it!
For sure, this is the most important for all of us! It's nice to hear from you! 
I was just talking about you and Gabby this morning.  Wishing you peace and love! Thankful for both of you!
@abc13houston May this be the dawning of an age of peace. #PeaceBeWithYou
thank you 
please run for office! "Melon! Get your suit on! We need ya!"
#dallas probably should have been listed first on that list....all horrible of course. But just a thought...
Peace in our House.
this troubles  that we are having  on earth, why can't we all live together like we do  in space.
can I join you up there? It's looking pretty bad down here.
Beautiful message, Sir. 
Tragic indeed, Cmdr
unfortunately our earth is nothing but a dump site  a pile of hateful rhetoric and disturbing gun laws.nice picture, peace
despite the risks I think you're in the safest place in universe.
@spacecom POIS É! ASTRO SCOTT! DEUS DISSE: PAZ NA TERRA AOS HOMENS D BOA VONTADE, PORÉM, ENTRE OS HOMENS ESTÁ DIFÍCIL PAZ!
what an incredibly beautiful perspective of life  if only we could all see the world in this way
<3
You might want to head back up soon for more sanity, the worlds gone mad. Take a few books sip some tea. Any fishing there?
Ja das wünsche ich unserer "Menschheit" von ganzem Herzen,Frieden♡♡♡♡♡♡♡
we need unity and peace.
beam me up, Scotty.
Buenas tardes Kelly.Como ves, algunos por desgracia no entienden de paz.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0wCPXpRoWQ …
awesome view sir wow I love to see that always
Amen!
IT'S TIME for us to Demand our Public Figures to STOP THE GUN VIOLENCE#weneedgunlaws
Heart Sinking.... Prayers & Thoughts Deep! Beautiful Earth Photo! Whispers Of The Universe To Just How Blessed We Are
To Get To Be Apart Of This Wonderful Life. LOVEnotWAR! It's In Us To Shine Bright & Believe & Be! Inspiration Wonderful
You All Are! It's What We Need, Sing, Dance, Smile In This Hard Time. To Much Is Happening, Everyone Is Forgetting About
About What Life & And What It's All About! United We Have To Stand, For Divided We Shall Fall! This Can't Happen Anymore!
dear big brothers please destroyd agartala city because criminal Cpim stay in this state of tripura
that is just so lovely 
Amen!
hey Kelly big fan #space
can you stop by here and pick me up? Lol take me with you up there please.
If everyone saw Earth from space, there might be. 
so earth consists of only the US?
yeaн мe тoo!!!ιтѕ jυѕт devaѕтaтιng!
I've always wondered how astronauts viewed the world from the outside looking in.  No boundaries and no prejudice fro space
We look so small and peaceful from up there don't we?
crazy to think such a beautiful place can be so ugly

