SUPPORT BIAEXIT SUPPORT BIAFRA FREEDOM
30 times is really wonderful job.
All countries also if do, global pollution will come down considerably.
All to think.
@uuhhhhhh    Hey Larry are you alright?  Flooding?
Great but it's not enough.  We need to do more now!
We should be generating more than 30x through solar....
yes we are soo stupid puppets that we have no clue that as a convection oven we increase temperatures ...
THE PROPERTY MY TAXES WENT UP 500/YEAR. SO SOLAR COSTS MORE. THE TAXES ASSESSED TO YOUR PROPERTY ARE HUGE. SOLAR A SCAM
DO NOT GET SOLAR POWER FOR YOUR HOME. AFTER GETTING PANELS ON ROOF IT SAVED $12/YEAR IN ELECTRIC. WHEN THE TOWN ASSESSED
and we can do the same in #Africa so #solar4development is real! let us show you
That is pathetic.....one single tree generates more than that..
who gives a f@@k
That's it?
yeah, thanks to fed subsidies. In the real world this would never happen. Solar sucks
@maggie_zeigler
Hey brother howit?  Love you, BJ
I'mk
powerful actions just need it to be legal for houses in Florida to acquire them.The Sun City can't benefit from its Sun.
Yeah, and you generate the same in "wind"!!
@DanJCass @POTUS People work hard and succeed & he says "You didn't do that" yet industry develops & he takes credit. Pffft!
it was already in the plan before he is grown in lab!  FREE @LeonardPeltier  moron! Americans First with Earth!
@EdneaBassi
list all the companies that took tax payer money and closed down? You can't list 1 good accomplishment scum bag.
and cracking more than ever. Our water is undrinkable in many cities. Is this your idea of progress? #JillNotHill
thanks #solyndra
total fraud
@Interior @POTUS at 10 times the cost to bring to homes and businesses
what heats and cools the White House?  Any solar power there?
Nothing to do with emerging tech and increased access, no, it's all thanks to you. Who's on the kill list for today? A³
So how many solar jobs have we created? Hmm.
and strangely no one feels relief in their wallet from all this "free renewable energy". #NeverHillary
blanketing beautiful open spaces with highly toxic solar panels that generate minuscule amounts of electricity. Taxpayer funded
What will be missing from the #RNC platform? @WhiteHouse @ghvosloo @POTUS
"We generate over 30 times more solar power than we did just eight years go." —@POTUS #ActOnClimate 
@ENERGY @POTUS All speak in this area just talk to market a new product
Which is still what? 1% of the total? Demand is rising Fast enough to keep the old coal plants in business
yep that's probably true but all of the solar electric plants are loosing money just not efficient
@Interior @POTUS It will never achieve the energy density of fossil or nuclear fuels so it's a niche solution; stop subsidizing!
30 times of what? Give real quantifiable data instead of multipliers. I'm 7 times taller than as a baby, how tall am I?
great!  You killed 5 states economy in the process!  We will never recover from your legacy!
Have nice day!
And looking forward to @whitehouse global devt summit tomorrow to discuss #PowerAfrica and partnership for @SE4ALL
"We generate over 30 times more solar power than we did just eight years go." —@POTUS #ActOnClimate 
I'm singing & dancing around over the moon 2 hear this! See I knew this would take off. So did Pres.C! Thanks beautiful!
Thank you Mr. President!  And my children thank you!
ok and just when will it be paid off completely. That's all debt, loans, gov handouts, an honest profit?
-but taxes taken from working families used to fund this !!
you forgot the hot air!
So important at this time. What about isis, policemen being killed, refugee killing? Not important enough for u?
what's the payoff versus the investment, speaking of monetarily?
So what? I can't find a job! Work on that, u dummy
:Then why is my Electric bill gotten so much higher??Something is way wrong!!!
Thanks, Obama. ;)
meanwhile ISIS is murdering innocent civilians EVERY DAY
thats a crap statistic
SOLAR power is Way safer than wind generators 
(Wind generators killing 1,000s of wonderful birds and bats )
And Potus generated bitter BLM
. @WhiteHouse @POTUS  Thanks, Obama!
30x nearly nothing is not impressive, you can do better. The world expects better....
mass generation of solar energy is not the answer. It's residential solar energy. But gov doesn't want that.
Liar. You didn't promote renewable energy bcos 100s of millions in ur bk acct. Traitor. You have tried to kill US Const.
That is because you forced them to go solar/wind is raising prices & more environmentally unfriendly with mfr.
Iran has ‘Side Deal’ Which Allows Tehran to Accelerate Development of Nukes. Iran is testing missles still and Obama ok with that
Pure window dressing; how about you VETO #GMO prot. bills and STOP the #TPP?!? #BernieOrJillNeverHill
THANKS OBAMA!
Solar energy isn't what matters right now.
YES!!!!
President Obama is the most cool leader America never have .very smart and innovative
but Drumpf will close EPA,  burn coal like 1920.  Thank you POTIS wish it could be 4 more! Hillary! 2016
US gonna miss him for his valuable Work.
That is about the only thing he has done besides finance isis
30 times more bovine methane gas too. So there’s that.
Solyndra http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/report-taxpayer-loss-due-to-solyndra-may-be-as-high-as-849-million/article/2511398 …
@MrGeorgeWallace @POTUS its now enough to boil water!
At what cost?
Keep it up!  Fossil fuel needs to stay underground
And doubled the national debt and global terrorism!! Good job!
@oreillyfactor @realDonaldTrump @TheDemocrats @GOP at what Cost/Kilowatt hour output? Is it a Savings to American People?
- LIARS!
I will bet we generate twice as much wind power  since the progressive party has been in power!
Obama why didn't you do something for that black people in the ghettos and got them educated in jobs instead of solar panels
Need to flesh out this #Solar stat from @WhiteHouse @POTUS Please how much money did this save us? Did tax payers subsidize? Net Savings?
imagine if the country had gotten started in earnest when President Carter first tried to promote solar energy
we would be 40 trillion in debt instead of 22 trillion??
not sure that I would agree with that, and the US would have a lot less interest in Middle Eastern oil
Interest in Middle Eastern oil comes from our corrupt leaders masters the Saudi's...we have our own resources
who gives a fuck why aren't you dealing with the Middle East?
we also have 3000 times the computer processing ability but it also has nothing to do with presidency.
and there's no savings to the public all bills are still through the roof

@WhiteHouse @POTUS
funny! We've generated more debt than the past three Pres combined under him as well!  #peskyfacts
thanks Obama.  I appreciate it 
so..... Basically ebough to charge a car battery?
What is cost per KW?
Hw many watts does subsaharan Africa produce???
act on climate? 
No one seems to be acting on anything but insane. & the climate will probably act on us
#mothernature
And don't get me started on her statement gowns...STATEMENT: "Let them eat cake".
The world is burning and we get solar power lectures from the WS?
And your wife burned up the savings by flying your brats to Disneyworld on Airforce One. NOT CHEAP!
better than Trumps bitch stealing Michelle speech
No it's not better! That's your problem! You still think there's a difference! Wake up!
how much did we loose with Obama Solyndra scandal?
how much subsidy did you spend to achieve that? till its cheaper than #fossilfuel, without your help, its a failure
yes and they're huge failures as well, subsidized #Ethanol in fuel is one of the biggest frauds in America
30 x 1 = 30
While you weaken America with your wilful naivety. Today the world is in a mess because America is in a mess.
The entire solar industry is yet to be proven ... lifetime of these panels, disposal of panels etc. etc. calculate costs
so that's what? Enough to power a lightbulb? #BlackCrimesMatter
Thank you, President Obama , Carole Levrat
Shut up, we should be all solar by now if it wasn't for the lobby by the electric companies.
