Hahahaa. So reporters control the press conference? Have you ever considered the reason Dems keep losing is bc of political ignorance? 
Here Sarah...explain this. Kelly is lying COS for the lying POS
Link...
YOU ARE PRETENDING TO HATE TRUMP TO SELL YOUR DAMN BOOK!

THE "GOLD STAR MOTHER* CAME OUT AND SAID TRUMP WAS VERY NICE AND HEARTFELT! #LIES
oh gawd
She looks like sloth from goonies daughter
The media and liberal left in complete denial.
Sarah will be frankly offended if they do that.

FAKE NEWS ALWAYS HATING
The 1st reporter at next one should open with Before my question we warn you in advance any lie you speak today will be easily fact checked.
Is Ms. Sanders too ignorant of our Democracy to be representing OUR White House. Should she resign, & go to school in Political Science?
His proof was General Kelly ya dummy
I think she needs to start swearing on s bible too.
Trump ALWAYS says he has PROOF, but NEVER actually HAS IT.
Hey @SarahHuckabee your BS has consequences for you: no media job after Trump. Just ask @seanspicer how it goes
Because it's a nothing-burger. Anyone with two senses would know Trump is full of shit else he'd have dropped that proof immediately to defend his narcisisstic ways.
Kelly was his proof. Go figure.
Hope you saw General Kelly today.  Keep your politics out of the death of our brave soldiers.
This bully makes my skin crawl with her surly attitude.   #SurlyAndBurly
Will the Congress woman resign then?
#MAGA
This tweet has not aged well  now that the proof has been released, are you going to retract this?
Another clueless libnut!!! ding ding ding ding ding YOU WIN! psst, General Kelly was in room for call-he stated it yesterday! lol
From the same media with unnamed sources?  When found guilty of lying the should be fined and fired
Completely agree.  Today she lost all credibility.  She’s a talking robot who cannot think for herself.
As soon as the MSM provides “ proof” , name, provide sources too good news for everyone .
He had witnesses. He said "he knew what he signed up for, but he did it anyway. That's courage."
Good luck with that. I doubt either @PressSec or @realDonaldTrump have any concept of what 'proof' is.... if they can even spell the word 
Amazing isn't it that no one from the liberal media wants to know about the true Russian collusion? The big payoffs the Clinton's received?
White House Press Corps is an extension of DNC....
Reporters demanding proof. Irony at its finest.
I have proof!!!
If they don't release the proof it's verification that Trump is and always has been lying from day 1.
Or just walk out when the lyin begins...
A year ago, Trump claimed he had proof that all the women who accused him of sexual assault were lying. He never produced it! No Shame!
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2017/10/18/politics/donald-trump-myeshia-johnson-recording/index.html … how do u sleep at night @SarahHuckabee ? I keep asking. Waiting for ur reply
They should also politely request she place a paper bag over her monstrous head.
I'd prefer that they ignore the bullshit and demand to know what's going on in Niger and who tipped off the enemy, Russia?
The media always give 45 a pass
And if she doesn’t produce it come back day after day asking for it or have other reporters ask because she’ll no doubt not call on you.
Congresswoman who spoke about Trump call to soldier's widow is getting threats, office says http://cbsn.ws/2yzTfxM 
It’s time for a media boycott of these propaganda sessions.
Just once, I'd like to see them pummel that lying bitch with rotten tomatoes.
I hate when she claims things are "clear". Wish she'd get push-back on that.
Agreed. She lies as much as her boss.
She'll just talk around the question, as usual..without ever really answering anything..
for Melania's immigration papers? for Obama wiretapping claims, for his rude condolence call to a black gold star family?Please be specific!
About the wire tapping? The Comey conversation?
@NBCNews @washingtonpost @CNN @CBSNews @nytimes THIS. I know you’re trying. Push. Harder.
Don, @realDonaldTrump, should provide his so-called proof against his sexual accusers & 3mil illegal votes & President Obama "wiretapping"
Starting with the proof he promised on Obama‘s birth!
funny ... Dr Joseph Goebbels said the very same thing ... amazing how history keeps repeating itself. ... only a**holes never learn from it
DJT's just not that into " proof."
and his tax returns!
I just can’t believe she is so good at lying and with such a straight face. I bet she got away with a lot with dad when small by lying
Press should just stop going to press conferences...Does them being there really help/change anything? We know everything both say are lies
LOL...they have no proof, they will fabricate witnesses and etc..
Agree!
Agreed!
Can we make a list of all the things Trump said he would reveal over time but hasn't? I mean it's probably > 140 characters, but still...
Better yet...no White House press conference should occur w/ reporters in the room. Why report on lies? Don't give @PressSec the opportunity
I've been wondering what she would do if she came out to do her thing & no reporters. They wd do something quick to get the fake news back.
Girl wake up before the devil takes your soul.  Faux news lives in the WH.
The WH has detectives in Hawaii working on those proofs.
yes, I’ve been waiting for them to get back too.  Must be some in depth research they’re doing
As the saying goes, tRump lies and crazy Huckabee swears to it. They both blather inconsistencies and falsehoods.  #LIAR
Sarah Huckabee Sanders has the look of someone with perpetual indigestion.
You’re being kind. 
AND the only person Gen Kelly should be disgusted w/should be 45! HE is the one who politicized the deaths of the soldiers
To quote #Hillary: "At this point, what difference does it make!"
Her proof appears to be that John Kelly was in the room. Not a recording.
"appears to be"...... Errr.... Okaaaay
Anyone else notice that @SarahHuckabee finds something “appalling” and “disgusting” at least once a day? Everything except her boss- weird.
She is only allowing 1 question. Too bad media can’t get 1 answer
This hick makes me sick.
She just stated that there were members of his administration in the room. I thought the calls were private. Another lie.
Johnson’s mother confirmed Wilson’s account.”President Trump did disrespect my son and my daughter and also me and my husband,” WaPo
Guess there won't be any more press conferences then. 
They control the press by banning particular networks, sitting honest/relentless reporters in the back, and just degrading journalism.
Isn't she just the worst I laugh when I see her bare faced lies and remember what a good christian she's supposed to be - never any proof
The lack of decorum is what gets me.
It’s like she talks down to everyone.
she is a very strange woman in many ways, she's so proud of her job when no decent woman wouldn't work for that misogynistic racist turd
She’ll go down in history in a bad light.
Her own doing...
there are a lot of people who will have to face a lifetime of shame after this fiasco is over and I think a lot of hate will come their way
Should actually boycott until they get a single answer that makes sense and can be proven
She'll have to ask her hundreds of contacts as at the FBI and get back to you.
How about just not going to WH press conferences?  Or just walking out as soon as she lies
They need 2 stop doing the charade. The old rules don't apply anymore - we need to stop false equivalence and not give them oxygen for lies.
And every conference should end with a mass exodus as soon as Huckabee refuses.
The press is dropping the ball on this. Daily.
WHPC is toothless, lame, housebroken & useless.
Correction: media should simply declare Trump is lying and then spend their time asking SHS why Trump is destroying healthcare
And when she says that "she'll get back to you", they should ask the question the next day. And the next. And the next.
#DonaldTrumpIsALiar He has not produced one iota of proof ... ever. Show your freaking taxes!
Just stop going. Send a pool reporter to cover it, just in case anything is announced. But no use asking questions if you're gonna get lies.
It's gonna be a minute, he's still waiting for his Birth Certificate Detectives to get back from Hawaii.
No White House press conference should occur without reporters demanding of Sarah Huckabee Sanders that she produce the "proof" Trump "has"
and the proof about Melania’s visa and his donations to charity
If she does not provide it that should just get up and walk out
fat chance
Yep. Media too sheepish
Why does anyone still attend those press conferences? Nothing useful comes out of them, unless you count twitter material as useful.
..."the prisidint has been clear on this"...
1. I haven't spoken to the president about that
2. I'll have to get back to you
3. I've already addressed that.
-shuckabeebot
"I'll get back to you on that " ...
And when that’s said (and it will) wait, count to 3 repeat same question. All must do this. Drill it in her head, not going away. Fit ensues
Cancel the press conferences? Sounds good to me...again.
I honestly want a report about libertarian senators endorsing Alabama senate candidates.  Thanks.
She won’t have it.  Will claim privacy
What about getting back to the actual question - why are we in Niger and why did soldiers die?
Press should continue demanding proof of this and all the other Trump 'evidence.'
Another question from recent events, "Why does T think when Gen Kelly's son was married, his father should have been called on his death?"
no no no. It's all falling for his bullshit. The story is what he's hiding with the lying to the widow noise. Niger. The story is Niger.
YES PLEASE!
Can't wait till Sarah Huckleberry Sanders gets voted off the island
No full-time staffer for any self-respecting news agency should be wasting their time at a press conference run by a dishonest shill like Huckabee-Sanders.
i feel like @BrianKarem will do this. please prove me right, brian
Serious questions about entire Niger event must also be asked. And asked. And asked.
I can tell you her answer right now. "We haven't discussed that."
@JimAcostta @PeterAlexander @HallieJackson @AprilDRyan
They never have before, for any of the other “proof” it claims it has about O’s birth cert, thousands dancing on 9/11, Comey tapes, etc, etc
The proof is in the pudding he's scarfing down.
Can you imagine her giving a straight answer to ANY question concerning trump?
Can you image the WH press corp a demanding straight answers and calling out her lies decisively? It's all about maintaining access.
It happened once, to everyone's delight. I haven't seen any reports of that being repeated.
That is the power the press holds. They just have to have the courage to use it. That'd be refreshing as well as a good public service.
“"President Trump did disrespect my son” ‘He didn't even remember his name.' That's the hurting part."
[Huckabee-Sanders rolls out a cart of props]
"OK, here's the birth certificate proof... photos that prove largest crowds... my dignity..."
"I haven't talked to the president about that specifically, I'll have to get back to you."

(She never gets back to you.)
Why do we want to continue to drag this grieving family into politics? For our own morbid curiosity?
I honestly don't think it is that for the vast majority. The indecency of this administration just overwhelms us all and requires action.
Once he pardoned Joe Arpaio he solidified that. The man is a veteran of  NYC RE development. He's a survivor.
But he said we'd soon know. Right?
The "proof" went "poof".
