To this day I suffer from guilt that my SUV caused the end of the last ice age 11,000 years ago
The "it's happened before, nothing to see here, please move along" denial argument.
LOL....  I love libs. Always good for free entertainment
The "simply calling you a 'lib' lets me dismiss your statements" argument.
being a lib made your arguments meaningless to start with
QED.
awww.... thanks.  so cute when libs think they actually posited anything of value at all
The "I continue to call someone a 'lib' without evidence" tactic. Standard fare, not very clever.
Period? Just your opinion. Geologic time would lend credence to a hypothesis. Your's based on 150 years of data.....Ridiculous
You do know scientists can see about 800000 years into the climates past with ice cores, right?
Geologic time span billions of years or thousand of millions,in your hypothesis span less than about .25%.In other words,a fraction of 1%
The "we just don't have enough data to know" argument. Standard data nihilism.
In that fraction they can tell that the climate is changing WAY faster than b4 thanks to humans.
We will agree to disagree.
Facts are facts whether you like them or not. Your opinion on a fact means nothing. wont change it
Likewise!
You know, we used to make fuel out of hemp. Burns clean. Carbon negative in the field. Check it out.
matures in 5 mos, no pesticides, little water needed,hundreds of uses including food, fiber, and is biodegradable.
Makes me weep, I tell you. Hemp considered Billion $$$ Crop in 1938. A year too late.
http://druglibrary.org/schaffer/hemp/popmech1.htm …
heard farmers were required to grow it during WW2, founding fathers all grew it, best rope in the world
4-H projects, too.
Hemp Seed Project for 4-H Clubs - University of Kentucky March 1943
http://www.druglibrary.org/schaffer/hemp/indust/ky4hseed.htm …
I'm more worried about the serious long term impacts of you clowns in Congress...
climate change has been going on since creation. Education enabling adapting to a new environment is the ONLY option
Releasing the CO2 trapped in the ground in2 the air will increase the green house effect
partially correct . eliminating air traffic pollution may eliminate effect . Ciao Uno Animo
billions of tons r released in oil & coal plants every year vs 781 million tons by air traffic
U study atmospheric layers, grand emitns lay low dissipate absorbed man can manage
so u r saying climate change is natural not man made but we need 2 mitigate it?
... perhaps poor land choice, but reflects how once arable soil can turn into unstable land ...
so u r arguing 4 conservation practices? Agreed
Climate change is called WEATHER.
Deeply concerned about Sessions. Was rejected for racism once & should be again. Thx for your amazing leadership
advocates for those pipelines are very deceived.
But trump and the republicans do ignore. The silent majority and all citizens of the free world have to rise against them.
.Stop. Him. Please. #NotMyFault
The question isn't about the existence of climate change;it's about how much of it is man made & how much of that is frm China
Q: How much warming human caused? A: About all of it.

Q: China's contribution? A: About 30% (CDIAC 2013).
- Climate change is the most important issue facing humanity.  Block Price's nomination and Resist.
Thanks.
climate change is real. It changes with the seasons. Quit spending our money on stupid shit!
#NoDAPL #NoKeystoneXL

Only Warren Buffet is affected. http://www.pipeline101.com/where-are-pipelines-located …
Miigwech !!love you.
its legalized #abortion. Its #mass murder. 
To call #globalwarming a hoax is a crime against humanity.
Its playing #god.
I really do wish the truth was the only constant and this could be dealt with as a species, but we're too blind apparently.
Thank you Sir. Please continue to fight for our people and democracy. Deny
whats real is Americans dont have jobs
Thank you for maintaining your sanity and speaking for #WeThePeople on climate science. Protect the scientists and employees.

No, WE can't, but apparently @realDonaldTrump @POTUS can. Guess he doesn't care if his heirs don't have clean air and water...only $$$$$.
we are so far behind many other nations in renewable resources. Once we claimed leadership, now all we lead in is military
Solar prices have fallen drastically, most new jobs created in renewables. Some countries have run 100% for year on renewables
.@SenatorLeahy @larryclarry 
#NoOilPipelines Articles
Vermonter here. Your integrity makes us proud. Please fight for the environment!
Yeah because complaining about the oil industry with our tanks full is true activism exemplified. See plant fuels for details.
Re-stating propaganda is not science.
Get some science, dude. Your argument is unconvincing.
Thankfully the EPA is there to destroy a river on our behalf.
You must fight for us all, Senator, with all your heart. I say this with all sincerity.
They dont care as long as it makes them money.
Shh. Your government denies that. Your planet will be simpler to conquer when all coastal cities are underwater.
They forget DC is built on a swamp, close to coast. Race Pt. Cape Cod already lost 10+ ft of beach.
So let's just stay put under the Middle Eastern thumb of oil producers who care nothing of 'climate change' (quotes intended)
@SierraClub Please find out more about EPA grant and report gag order. Thanks.
would you senators KNOCK IT OFF WITH THE TWITTER AND START REJECTING SOME OF THESE CABINET PEOPLE
@SierraClub Sen 
this madness must stop now. There will be a standoff & human lives are at risk. No $ amt worth lives #NoDAPL
@IndivisibleTeam so agree. How can new admin ignore science and promises to Native American community
@IndivisibleTeam too bad we have to keep repeating the obvious but thanks for doing so
Senator, the alternative media's #1 for politics. We know about NAU, Patcom, Agenda 21 & dysgenics programs. Naked emporer.
surely you are referencing the pollution left on streets all over the world left by those concerned citizens Ciao
Concern over #Keystone and #DAPL not Climate Change, just straight up polluting of our American heartland and the Missouri R.
Thank you
Climate change is no more than government over reach, no different than obamacare. #draintheswamp
Scientists WORLDWIDE agree with it
Depending on what studies you look at. It is real. Should teach conservation not gov intrusion
misunderstood you, sorry
our debt about to blow is more real and about to impact us all!
do you understand the environmental impact of that iPhone you're currently typing on
@IndivisibleTeam Thank you, Senator Leahy.
As you know, the environmental impact, economic, engineering studies as well stakeholders' comments been completed.
No, let's use Saudi oil instead and compromise our National Security? I don't think that your solution makes any sense!
@Mama_Liberal Why does T feel if dems say blk he has 2 say wht It's a sign of immaturity-kid stuff everyone has a point LISTEN
@SierraClub https://peoplesclimate.org/  get your marching boots ready
please do what you can to protect both the environment and the rights of those protesting its destruction
Trump invested millions in company building #Keystone #DAPL. Demand proof he sold his shares by releasing his tax returns.
@IndivisibleTeam Please don't let @POTUS #Trump and #GOP rape environment! Fight this!
Is the oil not going to be shipped? How to you suggest they get to market? Should we stop all use of fossil fuel?
The fracked DAPL oil is currently being shipped by rail. We shld b investing in alt+energy like wind & solar.
It was rhetorical, I knew the answer. The point being it will be shipped and rail accidents happen frequently
We like wind and solar, but until it is as efficient and ready to produce what fossil fuel does we need it
Fossil fuels aren't going away overnight, but we need to be investing in alt+e. We don't need more pipelines.
Trump's decision to drill for oil under the Washington Monument shows "Can-Do!" spirit! He also loves joy fracking!
no to #KochBrothersCabinet
Thank you for speaking the truth, Senator.
