@mellian1 Just say No to Sessions. That's it. If they turn down all of Trumps choices there will be no 1 in his cabinet.
HA!! HA!!!!!! HA!!!!!  ...oh, to be a simpleton...
I am not a simpleton. Words can't hurt me.
Don't waste your time, Risa. I blocked the account.
I blocked it too
I reported him. It is a guy.
good. I was thinking of doing that.
I just wrote to (at) twitter & said the guy fosters hanging (murder) Democrats.
dang dude. That must butt-hurt bad - maybe it was a crap-sack of bad ideas?
how about worrying about the majority of Americans and stop stuffing bills with progressive BS.
well hate crimes affect majority of Americans...sooooo
ALL acts of violence no matter who the victim or perpetrator is ARE hate crimes.
not necessarily. Hate crimes have a specific definition. Either way why are you against this bill ?
Like ALL bills that are well intentioned you have to read the entire bill to see what junk gets slipped in with it.
yes I agree. I'm asking WHAT "Progressive BS" didn't you like ? I've seen much worse in Congress get passed
I would argue that Leahy's bill violates the 14th Amendment and it was slipped into another bill under cover of night.
which section of Amendment 14 does it violate ? I know for sure not section 1 (Natural citizens)
You want certain groups to have special protection, which gives them special privilege. It's un-American.  @SenatorLeahy
@lovinabox I can't see how he can effectively enforce laws when his views are completely different than what he thinks & feels
Protect them from what?
@suekhi No, he won't do anything to advance justice or to help people. Just the opposite
enjoy bc you don't have much fun in your future #maga
your type of sarcasm is ugly. Coming from someone else I would say you betcha
you would. NOW you want to work together?
@RepBarbaraLee TY! Makes me sick as a disabled person that he is trying to even compare the 2. Want shower
sickening. 
all those pesky add ons. Disingenuous
Thank you for advocating for all people.
You are killing it right now! Thank you for grilling him!
yea guess what happens at the end? Dems once again lose bc you won't learn and grow
I would expect *anyone* who wants such a serious position as AG to be subject to grilling.
if it was genuine and based on actual fact but the first while was not. Then I had to go to work
The problem is that racism is not just a black and white issue (no pun intended). It is complex, and deserves
an acknowledgment of and respect for its complexity. Racism is no longer just segregation and slavery.
what acknowledge? What respect?  many see racism not there and if it is, we have all the laws we need to fight it
Society progresses, and therefore laws need to adapt to that progress. We do not have all the laws we need.
gay or straight or whatever, we are US citizens and should be allowed the same rights.
No. @SenatorLeahy @ReverantRevan
@ChloeBennet4 aren't there already laws to protect people? Under the Constitution we're all equal are we not? #I'mSpecial
no!!!! Do not confirm this LIAR.
all confirmation hearings should be suspended immediately. They should have been post inauguration. Now we know why the rush.
He is unfit! DJT loyalist, not USA. Said Roe v wade unconstitutional, no discrimin of women, pro voter suppression A big NO
Session wants to work for Trump who belittles ppl with disabilities. Session will not protect  ppl that need justice.
unless they are white and rich.
NO
Stop him now!!
@Bibmomma3 
Save us from this BIGOT
Sessions scares the hell out of me, as a black lesbian. I have no illusions about his motives. It won't be to protect us.
@Pie_SocialMedia We need some Rs who care about America and our Democracy to man-up,put country before their party. It Stinks!
that depends if you have it full of other garbage provisions in it
@Pie_SocialMedia 
#BlockSessions
@mattymonsterz again it comes back to voters not doin their due dilligence, they are not smart enuf to know its more thantrump
@romaniello_art "A Very Bad Choice"!
Sessions is unfit to serve as AG.
Well Senator, as he has testified he doesn't think LGBT or women face discrimination, one can only imagine not.
@CHICKatCSN will you retire and make the senate great again?
Just like trump Unfit to serve.
@bannerite look he will say anything to sound like a moderate. A tiger don't change his stripes!
you know he won't
@ChloeBennet4 like Holder or Lynch did anything that Obama didn't approve? Give me a break.
So... For a dimwit sports fan like me, this administration will be like the NHL All Douche Game?
Unlikely.  We can NOT confirm him.
Rhetorical question,roght?
I'm thinking not
Nope. He won't. His actions speak louder than his pandering falsehoods during hearing. He's a party hack through and through.
Who will protect us, our Human Rights are violated, this is dangerous
@Morialgernon what do you think......
Blinders are remaining on, protect our rights, our lives!
If we aren't 2 pass judgement that "All" aren't bad,then why our mentally-ill/disabled categorized as "AllrViolent"
no he won't
He apparently considers the inability to mindlessly accept what he says as a disability
LOL Dem's lost WH Senate & House
Now ad hominem attack Dems are  'chattering mass nobody wants to hear from' (Pelosi's quote)
I think he is blowing smoke just like Trump did. Lies. I can see it in his face when he was talking. Bad body language.
: people need to be reminded of Mat Shepherds horrible ordeal and death. Then consider Sessions deplorable answer.
uh, no?!
Short answer: No.
you know your bill had crap in it per usual that would thwart our constitution right to fair trial! Retire!
NO, Jeff Sessions will NOT protect LGBTQ folk or people with disabilities. He's a weasel in the chicken coop. #StopSessions .@SenatorLeahy
@gabsgabygab no he won't
@my2twh No
because only wicked and evil people would dare vote against your glorious amendment

I seriously doubt him or #Trump will protect the 99%. #NotMyPresident #Revolution
If you cared so much about hate crimes, maybe you'd have said something about the torture in Chicago. #fraud #blmkidnap
@DavidYankovich Of course not. Keep fighting, Senator. God bless you.
Would have to pull up and read. Demos have history of adding other things into Bill's non-related to actual bill.
@nasty_woman2 No
@ShaunKing -Doesn't matter he'll be confirmed. No one can stop him.
@ShaunKing no he won't &won't protect any of us minorities,POC, women, Jews,disabled  #stopsessions stand up 4 the ppl damnit
Would John C. Calhoun.?
@ShaunKing no
As a disabled person, I am strongly convinced by his prior record that Sessions wishes he could jail me for using medical MJ.
No. Next question? #jeffsessions
guessing that's rhetorical.
@DavidYankovich No he won't. I hope all Dems vote NO to Sessions nomination for AG.
You literally just asked him this in public, under oath, and he said "I will enforce the laws". So,why the propaganda? Stop it
@now7grandkids Make Congress and the College Constitutional with 12 amendments, not ten. True.
Jeff Sessions must be denied this post.
@IMPL0RABLE No, he won't. At all.
When they show you who they are, believe them the first time. Just say, "No to Sessions".
I wouldn't bet the farm.
No, he won't protect ME.
he will not. do not vote to confirm this man. his record on civil rights is abhorrent.
We are tired of protected classes of people.
We need equal justice for all.  Not just for liberals.
He hasnt changed..he is still the same racist bigot he always was!
no. He hates everyone not a white southern straight male with a lot of money.  Vote no.
thats a lie right there
Short answer?  No.
Of course not.
Then Go with Cory & testify against Sessions!! Show guts!!
I give up. Will he?
African-Americans are rarely to never the victims of hate crimes or civil rights--only the hated and accused of hate crimes?
Are Hate Crimes and Civil Rights Crimes committed against African-Americans or only by AAs? #Sessionshearing #sessions
It appears in recents years there are only Hate Crimes & Civil Rights crime convictions against African-Americans? Suspicious
Thank you for standing up for people with disabilities.
go smoke a doobie and think how important u are
You have done a great job of holding Senator Sessions accountable for his past beliefs, words, and actions.
Did democrats protect or cause hate crime against disabled in Chicago?
Hypocrite
Saying he is not a racist, but loves Bannon & Breitbart!
Will Democrats hold up these nominees same way GOP did to Obama?
your hate crimes bill is just an attack on free speech and to further your one sided racist agenda
@baileelee He NEEDS to be asked if he would welcome overturn of Roe v Wade. Not just uphold current laws.
I want KKK, I want fascist USA. I
Pretty obvious since he never said a word about #Sessionshearing
No, as much as he can avoid doing so without being called out for not following the federal laws that protect every citizen.
Something really wrong with the left
@NAACP you claim to help minorities and fail to confront the rampant violence in these communities. Instead you blame police.
By support of "special" Courts for "Tribes" You will support Sharia Courts that strip Women, Gay, Jews & Christians C. RIGHTS
PEOTUS himself belittles women and people with disabilities, doubtful his nominee would be any different.
@NAACP how about the boy tortured by black teens this week. What are you doing about this?
no kidding. These people are Ancient and have no concept of modern America.
According to my daughter's godfather who's a combat vet DT always picks horrible ppl bc he's horrible himself.
one thing has nothing to do with the other
Don't we already know the answer to that by virtue of his vote in Senate?
Hey Pat what else did you have BURIED in that BILL?  You folks are famous for HIDING crap in Bills that have HIDDEN AGENDAs
Are you serious? Get off of twitter and do your job.

who are LGBT? Lettuce, Guac, Bacon, Tomato eaters? Save the vegans!
well, can a "good old boy" really change what's in his heart, his past, the values he was brought up on? maybe or ???
Thank you for standing up for me, my brothers and sisters, and those who are easily taken advantage of.

And who do you think DT's gonna choose inSTEAD of him? He'll always choose some1 like THAT.
was that before or after you were best pals with grand wizard KKK Robert Byrd??
been waiting for that tweet all day! About time!
PLZ STOP DIVIDING AMERICANS! ITS WHY #DEMS LOST SO HISTORICALLY UNDER #OBAMA!! #KORAN IS BIGGER ISSUE: http://ow.ly/eGXN307ROqb 
medical marijuana???
Nope.
Keep up the good fight. Americans need you more than ever. #resist
Because it was ridiculous @SenatorLeahy .
https://twitter.com/rmconservative/status/818853989274021888 …

#ConfirmSessions
The version of VAWA Leahy is talking about was a disaster http://madisonproject.com/2012/04/say-no-to-violence-against-the-constitution-act … #Sessions
even if only 1 hate crime against #LGBT SHOULD HAVE VOTED TO PROTECT #DisabilityRights
GREAT JOB blowing off Sessions attempts to schmooze you! Dont back down - I'm from the south - this guy is typical #UNFIT
Listening to hearing, thank you!
Then so are U,Robert!!!!!
Sessions does not believe it is assault to grab a woman by the crotch! Bear down on him.
as expected, Leahy, you are both simple minded and antagonistic in the Session's hearing
thank you for your leadership on this issue.
