Define 'cheated' I believe the students cheated themselves. Why should I pay for it? Why should anyone pay for cheat but the cheater
the for-profit colleges cheated the students & the regulations suspended by trump would have made the colleges eat the loss.
This was an Obama scheme right? If so lift the tent to see the real dirt. Guarantee it isn't as you defined. It has a poison pill.
Lol y'all blame Obama for everything. That intelligent black man is making y'all lose your minds.
No, Do tell why If this was such great idea Obama crafted it so it could be easily undone he could have had Congress make law
But hey, according to you..the students cheated themselves because they enrolled in a college they didnt know would shut down on them. 
Proof?
https://twitter.com/PennyHicks13/status/875089186541322241 …

You literally just said it.
Define 'cheated' I believe the students cheated themselves. Why should I pay for it? Why should anyone pay for cheat but the cheater
Do you NY TIMES,EVER REPORT THE GOOD&GREAT THINGS THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS DONE & IS DOING, TRY DOING THAT FOR A CHANGE OF VENUE!!
Why don't you try to remind us of ANYTHING GOOD!
Jobs,economy,Paris Accord, Military,Killing Isis&Islamic Terrorist,Deporting Latino illegal immigrants,Working on Tax Reform Apprenticeships
Jobs? Yeah right! That was already in motion! As for the rest in your list - we just don't agree any of it is good for a strong America!
Read the entire ruling then tweet intelligently. They will make it right. Cost taxpayers less in the long run. NYT = fake news.
Trump = #FakePresident
Please list all the things that have been done to hurt the USA since Trump became president.
How much time do you have? I am busy calling my representatives!
AH poor darlings asked to actually pay their way. All the "for-profit" colleges in my area are run by liberals.
Let me guess, you're one of those guys that "paid your way" in the 70s when tuition was far less of a multiple of minimum wage than today?
Your liberal pals raise tuition not me. Stop w/minimum wage nonsense Thankfully college is a dying necessity 4 those less vIctim inclined
It's weird how there's a link between trump voters not being able hold jobs in the modern economy and the animosity towards higher education
Typical high brow academic answer. Please share the cherry picked data.
He probably does not see a problem with what they did, considering he did the same thing with his "school."
And education is what you make of it by the way how did you do with yours are you sure you don't want to refund
Why would I want to refund you? You still haven't paid.
U seem 2 hate Trump-Does he make u feel insignificant & a loser? Trump hatred has been explained as combo penis envy & jealousy- Try therapy
Your response sounds self identifying. You think I hate Trump & know how I feel. I'll look past it if you're a Troll, if not my condolences.
T talk about selfidetifying Mr Duck? U do hate Tromp (ur business) but it says more about who u r than your tweet itself & thats my point
I spoke truth & facts, nothing more, nothing less. One of us continues to be civil & the other, well you know yourself better than I do.
U think u can make up ur own truth Trump was never found guilty of fraud. Ur saying so  was a lie & motivated by hate that is uncivil
Trump - once again - covers his a##
Conflict of interest. again. and again. and again.
This has #BillionaireBetsy written all over it. That family has shares in the schools and the debt collections firms. Well played.
Why is it taxpayer responsibility to bail out students who made poor choices?  It's time to take responsibility for your own life snowflake!
.@realDonaldTrump can you really afford imposing any more regulations against the 99%.. before you are forced to Resign or are #Impeached?
Your prejudice shines through clearly NYT.

Nice try label queen.
So he can get his money from failed Trump u? Always looking out for like minded criminals.
Stop ALL FUNDING TO ALL FOR-PROFIT schools at all levels.  They are not democratic
Which college is not for profit? Have you looked at tuition over the last few years??????
The ones without share holders or Goldman Sachs type financiers demanding profit over education.
Another#Predator&Thief move to steal $ from the students & give to corrupt predatory college's. Predator college stock has already gone up
Probably because he's waiting on some Trump University money to come in!
Has Trump done anything that favors workers, consumers over big business? Just need one example. Could care less about average Americans
Everything he has done so far puts him on the level of a monetary Hitler.
Lol trump university !  What a joke
College cost thru roof cuz of too much $$ avail by Fed prgms. No free mkt with gumit grants & subsidies. Diploma a guarantee of sucsess??
Doesn't care & continues to harm people
Yeah, he wants to get paid!
Na corporate congress only gives immgrants free eduction for collage not americans that give congress unlimited welfare
Judging by your illiterate tweets I just know higher education was not for you.
Erased loans 
Here goes @POTUS making business great. No protection for US middle class again.
,,,, private colleges, institutions etc, should be banned.
"Thanks" to @BetsyDeVosED for destroying public schools & support 4 students ripped off by 4Profit colleges. #TrumpUniversity ring bells?
What about students cheated by non profits. Pay your own damn way
If a for-profit school shut down due accreditation, loans shld b forgiven. If tht photography degreee can't get u a job, that's your fault.
Trump halts rules designed to  protect students who've been cheated by places like Trump Univ? SHOCKING.
What  NASTY move. Once again, the robber barons win with this admin.
Sounds about right
As a non-college grad who gets by just fine I'd gladly help fund the education of our younger people.
If they were victimized by fraud they would have had a class action suit victory by now.  Maybe they just don't want to pay??   Who knows?
Because he cheated people at Trump fraud U
Fascist Betsy DeVos, bought Dept Ed head by donations to DJT, stonewalls cheated students to reward her for-profit colleges' wealthy owners.
Fuck that. You made the investment, welcome to life. Thats almost punishment to those that didnt go that route because of the cost.
Name For Profit Colleges?
dopey does it again!
Which includes Trump University. Hmmm one wonders why????
Seriously, how could he not?  This is his M.O.
DeVos has.  She's rich and can't see or doesn't care about real life students and families.  Remove her. Remove 45. Remove them all. RESIST!
@realDonaldTrump @Reince45 @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr Why has @POTUS stopped rule? Is he trying to protect cheating for profit colleges?
"Cheated"?  LOL. They provide a service. Are they not allowed to make a profit? This is socialist nonsense.
When has trump ever been honest or fair?
Trump University can now offer new courses: Become POTUS In Your Spare Time, Conversational Russian, Do It Yourself Healthcare For The Poor
What about those cheated by not for profit colleges?  Also school loans at 8% interest rates, why?  The GOVERNMENT has ripped off students
and who ran one of these?  Oh wait, I remember!!
@PatcohenNYT How unsurprising given Trump University & all.
You are so despicable. Wish we had a real newspaper.
As an Ohioian, where for-profit schools have it made,this is disheartening.  All for profits need to be dismantled.
But her emails?
I'm sure he has
Well...Trump University...

#Fakenews such as this rag is the cause of the alt left Bernie supporter targeting Repub lawmakers today. We won't forget
Cheated? They were dumb enough to enroll in all the fake schools you see commercials for at 2a
Am thinking about cheating students & old people.  They will be ok, cuz @nytimes will lobby to feds to Bail them out with taxpayer money.
People w/four year degree like myself were promised great pro career & could complain of being cheated & oversold pipe dream 2 Refund 4 me?
Obama gave banks free $$$
@PatcohenNYT again. We see why the shooting happened.
How typically dickish
I imagine some of these students were Trump University alumni.
Because @realDonaldTrump likes cheaters.  God forbid the government go after them.
"Cheated by for-profit colleges?"  What kind of slanted & unsubstantiated reporting is that? Students took on the debt. Damn well pay it
Bernie is EXTREME LEFT! I find it very interesting, Portland stabbings, Winner leaker, shooter of Republicans ALL BERNIE SANDERS SUPPORTERS
Your tin foil hat is askew, Madame.
http://strangworlds.com/trump-family-gallery …
Anyone with sense would focus on the damnable GSLs. They've turned all colleges into for-profit petri dishes with monstrous interest rates.
Trump delays anything that helps Americans.
I have no debt from Federal loans taken out to go to collapsed colleges. I do pay taxes, such as those used to absolve others' unpaid debt.
Sounds like you need to talk to E. Warren.  See if she'll teach for free.
What would've happened to that debt if it was erased off the books? Wouldn't the government still be owed money?
NYT the queen of vitriol.
Let's do an article about the skyrocketing tuition of nonprofit colleges over the last 25 years....I'll wait.
Conflict of interest, maybe?
I hope when he is impeached he can take the laundered money and pay those loans off.
What a complete fool you are I have little hope you'll come to your senses! Educate yourself truly and honestly. Godspeed
I missed your story about the berserk Bernie Sanders campaign worker that shot some congressmen & police, when will you post it?
It's up
a debt = paying creditor...so If Feds pay off Student loan = subsidize tax dollars to For-Profit universities...
Of course he did
This includes many people seeking retraining, first jobs, and veterans
Wld @nytimes be okay w/erasing subscription fees of consumers who suffered through your purported "journalism" #AskingForAFriend #FakeNews
You wouldn't know what actual "fake news" was if it bit your dick off.
I wear an American flag speedo at the beach whether it's #FlagDay or just a random Wednesday in July
...Trump University comes to mind. Lol
Let's investigate "cheated" definition.
Who would pay the debts? Not me. I'm tapped out.
Did you just compare fraud by defunct for-profit schools to student loans? Oh that's right, it's because you didn't read the article.
#PleaseDonate5dollar&feedschoolchildreninKENYA Paypal:josiah.maima@gmail.com
Like forms of radiation, indiscriminate faith gives the world cancer.
Wowzer color me surprised
