These compounds were used by Russian spies. This concession to the Kremlin by Trump is unbelievable.  https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/trump-administration-moves-to-return-russian-compounds-in-maryland-and-new-york/2017/05/31/3c4778d2-4616-11e7-98cd-af64b4fe2dfc_story.html?tid=sm_tw&utm_term=.9c139814f25c …
It's not unbelievable. Trump is an agent for the Kremlin. Can we PLEASE fucking acknowledge & move on?
No he is not an agent they train those and they have to be somewhat smart! TRUMP IS A TOOL for the Russians who acknowledge #Trump is stupid
Trump been a Russian agent for years he's naturally gifted grifter fraud/racketeering-second nature & only honest people need agent training
I'm open minded...
He probably sold them back to them lol
You answered your own question.
Exactly to assist Putin to openly spy on everyone when Trump gets impeached or to give trump family shelter when they are ousted for treason
@realDonaldTrump and his organization must owe a lot of money to Russian investors. We need to see the tax returns.
#Putin has good dirt on @realDonaldTrump that's why!
If Hillary had won, no one would even be talking about Russia.
The Big story is Obama's Illegal spy ring,we're getting closer to the facts and to the arrests.
Trump Crime Family has debts to pay for favors received
@Steven_Strauss Even if Trump is honest, he must know Russians aren't relaxing there. Why offer a spying nations your territory? 
Trump has been groomed for 30 years. Quit covering because your spine is weak.
Easy: Quid Pro Quo. If Trump doesn't pay up for Putin's gift of the Presidency soon, Putin will "leak" something that will take Trump down.
Yet again not a shred of evidence, the left's red ass gets brighter and brighter.
What possible explanation could there be for giving to cash to the Iranians? It only enables I ran to get nuclear weapons faster
If we knew they enabled Russian spying, why did Obama Administration leave them in place until the 'sanctions' at the very end of Admin?
They demanded it. They're starting to slowly leak to the press. I'd say for Trump, the decision is Kompromat or complicity. From May 22 
@tomashbrooknpr @ColinKahl @washingtonpost maybe that is the whole point
Putin obviously owns Trump. Question is, does he also own the GOP?
He certainly owns the party leaders
Until these people are voted out and replaced by good people will this living nightmare begin to end.
Melania can stay closer to D.C.?
WE're in a full on cyberwar, and #TRUMP unliaterally surrendered.  #Trumprussia #NOTNORMAL #Notok
 at these comments
That *IS* the explanation!!
This guy has no respect for Obama, and no sense for what's good for America.
You know how after someone loans you money and you are indebted to them, comes the day we call "payback"?
So what are all of us going to do about this? If we continue to go down this path this is gonna end up in the streets.
Say, Ben, when did you realize Russia was an enemy? Before the reset button? Before the uranium deal? Or when you lost and couldn't bear it?
So that's why Obama allowed it so long?
#ComradeTrump
It couldn't be much more blatant. Seems like Trump is determined to humiliate his own country to the max ...
Cold War stuff Benny. Catch up.
According to Phillip Rucker/WaPo, U.S. doesn't get anything tangible for it.  Great optics.  Wonder what the (concocted) explanation will be
These are the sites Russia used to coordinate hacking/rigging op of the 2016 federal elections. #TrumpRussia plans to do it again in 2018
Where is any truth here? Show evidence and lets investigate the Demoncrat party and HRC + Podesta (password was "password"). R you all nutz?
I think we need a complete investigation of all of this. AND we need to include the Demoncrat party in the mix including Hillary et al
Where is the outrage? I fear people are becoming inured to his appalling actions.
And if that was all they were used for, why did the Obama Administration let them operate for so long?
Maybe you can make up more BS pointing out why it's a problem, only now.  Imagine.....a trained liar like yourself feigning outrage.
It doesn't enable Russian spying. That never stopped. It REWARDS it.
Oh, but the Russians would NEVER use them for spying again! (Hey, I have some prime beachfront property for sale in Nevada, too) #DontheCon
Maybe he's, oh, I don't know, a Russian agent...
Stop. You know that those houses have been there for YEARS. Not uncommon in the spy world. Stop with your falsehoods.
Putin's Puppet
Why would two houses be a problem when the CRIMEA was lost on your watch Benny boy? Heh, lotta nerve
Probably Putin simply asked Trump.
How long do we have to wait before people start calling a spade, a spade?
Why wouldn't they? Nothing else they do is being stopped.
Just paying back a favor to Pootie for handing him the election.
Trump is comfortable flaunting his treachery now. We should all be alarmed.
Think of it as a payment to ensure that a certain video stays on a Kremlin vault.
$
Why were you ok with them for 7 years and 11 months?
Maybe so Jared can now make his phone calls to Russia more conveniently?
Don't they own the property?
He owes the Russians. Plane a simple.
They're not even asking to complete the compound in St. Petersburg, there is zero reason to do this; at least a non-treasonous reason
Ding ding ding ding....
Can someone tell me what they want from us?! To Take over?  With all the stories going around I've been trying to put a finger on it.
Russia wants US sanctions lifted so they can drill and sell oil. I bet Trump and Tillerson get a piece of profits.
Ah, is that what they're after. Thank you I see. I was trying to piece it together - so in the end it's all greed - oh I'm sure ur right
@ColinKahl Obama is an expert on spying. Ask him.
blackmail?
I think you just answered your own question
It also enables US to spy on THEM better heh heh ...
Oh no!!!  Not those wascally Wussians again!!
you answered your question yourself
Drump cannot deliver on sanctions, so he throws them a bone for now. Got to keep those tapes under wraps!
So this admin admitted that Russia knew beforehand about the Syria chemical attack and rewards Russia? 
Maybe it's a plot to havk the electrical grid
Shame on all the complicit republicans-Years and years of protecting the U.S.A from Russia, down the drain. All because an egotistical fool
Trump is committing treason and collusion in broad daylight. Day in day out. He started during the campaign and continues now.
Putin didn't even need an elaborate covert spy operation to turn the POTUS. All he had to do is get him elected-That is Trump's ego for you.
is there a far out possibility of some type of "take over" or "partnership" between US and Russia that they are setting up?
Must be a quick Uber from Jared's CoOp
You guys had them there for 8 years, give me a break. BTW heard from Susan today?
More places for Jared to visit?
Maybe they need the RUSSIANS to spy on US IC to help them with Investigation. They helped them once and succeeded why not try again.
Another roll back on Sanctions
Ben, that IS the explanation...
Possible explanation? Repayment for services rendered obviously
That's what it's for. He thinks he above the law along w/fellow GOP now that they're in control, it seems like they are correct
rather have the Russians spying on is than Obama and the leftist lunatics.
It's not spying any more. Easier way to open share information. New normal?
What possible reason would #HillaryClinton have for saying that the #DNC did not give her adequate backing?
Who cares? They have Trump and his cabal in the Oval Office.
Why would #HillaryClinton possibly say she had absolutely No Help from the #DNC including you? Hmmm
People are onto the meetings at Trump tower  they have to  move them somewhere
Can we try these people in the trump admin for espionage and hang them ?
This is where the secret line to Putin will reside
RUSSIAN RATS Running The REPUBLICAN PARTY Aren't Even Trying to Hide it At This Point. ....This is Freaking NUTS
If so, why did Obama admin allow it to operate for nearly full two terms?
Winner, winner, chicken dinner!
Not even trying to seem legit anymore
The more flagrant they act, the more you must abase yourself to defend them, the harder it is to ever turn on them
Backchannel communications.

Russia is seeking to return its diplomatic property in #US asap.
Otherwise, we will have to take counter measures https://sptnkne.ws/e28K  
They hold onto their kompromat for a little longer.
Kushner needs a place to call Russia from dog cmon
They don't actually need the compounds anymore. They have their own spy in the WH. Just flatter him & he will tell you everything.
Dude how long do you think they've been there?  decades.
HE IS A RUSSIAN AGENT
