Saturday's @DailyProgress front page designed by yours truly. Stay safe, #Charlottesville! 
In my 47 years of association with @UVA, this was the most nauseating thing I've ever seen. We need an exorcism on the Lawn.
As a German who always looked with hope over the Atlantic, it makes me really sad what's happening here and there, too.
When you say "here" are you referring to your migration crisis?
No, to the backlash against people how came to us in desperate need of help.
? I was referring to the steep increase in crime rates ever since the mass Muslim immigration from pro-sharia law countries
Aren't existing.
Muslims don't exist to you?
You know that I meant the stark rise in crime rates doesn't exist
What is wrong with those "people?" Sickening!
People? That's a stretch.
I did use quotes 
My bad. Lol
We're pro white.
Despite what you think, you and everyone who marched in #Charlottesville, are not pro-white heroes, you're pro-hate racists and sad losers.
Losers to who? You? A white lady who doesn't want to stand with her people?
Someone like you, despised and ridiculed, is pitied for your narrow little mind. It's a wonder any of you knuckle draggers can walk upright.
Do not forgive the man who is behind it all.
correct .... it will take decades to clean up the 8-year crap obama took on America.
Why bother with euphemisms? Just call it what it is: "Unite the WHITE Right." Yet @realDonaldTrump is worried about immigrants and refugees?
#Nuremburg

Fake outrage.

Ban torches at rallies, they r not candles and can be used as weapons. Please RT.
Charlottesville extreme right #FalseFlag #PsyOp? Puppetmasters run BOTH sides to advance authoritarian agenda? Jrno: http://viclivingston.blogspot.com/2013/10/us-army-not-just-military-anymore-chief.html …
Sickening
Larry:  the refined Virginia Democrats who built UVA, seceded from the Union, rode with the KKK, and funded Lee’s statue would agree.
Are we to expect lynchings next? #davidduke #kkk @RealDonad_Trump
Can the Honor Committte find a way to revoke Richard Spencer's degree?
Probably not.  Free speech etc
Of course in this case the etc is inciting hate and violence
That would be under the realm of the Judiciary Committee. It would have to be an offense of lying, cheating, or stealing for Honor to do it.
Going to explore this.
I believe one's degree can be revoked for Honor offenses committed after one has left the University.
However, I think the individual has to represent themselves as a UVA alum when committing the Honor offense.
Good point
If the hate had not been there on both sides, those fights would have never happened! The extremes seen there was hate flowing both ways!
And when you pick a side and label one side without the other, you will just cause the labeled side to grow, get stronger and escalate!
And to accuse a person who has committed a horrendous act of being a member of a particular group without proof or that group claiming him
only opens the doors of hell! ISIS claimed responsibility for the Islamic terrorism, making proof not necessary when a person committed it!
But people demanding that someone be labeled without proof is wreckless, stupid, and shows the lack of integrity of the person!
Who do these people work for? Unemployable! Every. One. Of. Them
I want to know every name in this photo. Every name!
@DailyProgress has it's Pulitzer offering. Well done
Adolescent boys have always liked to play with fire
Yeppers code word for alt right to march. Bannon is not stupid.
be outrage with your president!!! who looks out for america? clearly it's not government
The Wide Awakes did torchlight parades too.
Can you ask President Trump 
why he hasn't tweeted about #Charlottesvilleriot!
@JustCallMeFoxy @DailyProgress we have Trump,Pence and Sessions to thank for this mess. Sick SOB"s
I feel sorry for them, living with this much hate inside of u must be very miserable.
And then it got worse.  Just wait until tonight after they've been drinking and stoking each other up all day.
Congress must Repeal and Replace POTUS, he is a danger to democracy.
Larry Sabato, so you hate American freedoms. Good to see where you land on that issue. Fascism and bigotry.
Why did UVA allow this.
Nazi terrorism
This picture reminds me of the village people walking up to Frankenstein's castle to burn the 'monster'.
See someone who works for you in this crowd? Fire him immediately he has put your company at risk
Where are Donald Trump's tweets condemning this display of racism. So called president of the people.
The rest of the Nation that is not Racist is more powerful. Love trumps hate.
By Robert E Lee
People like yo u that started all this we have lived with the statue for 100 yr did u know that Arlington national cemetery  was given to us
You're such a hypocrite. While I don't support them I see how you didn't mind all the BLM hate speech and violence. No outrage on your part
You are an imposter in the temple.
I support taking the statues down. They would be best displayed in a history museum. I do think they promote racisim.
Awful
So this is what the " forgotten man" voted for..white nationalists. Trump will say "not my people,: Ryan will say "not my people" then whose
Donald  trump started this shot
BUT....They have that right. Free Speech rights 4 all. 1st Amendment Right . We do not have to like it but it is legal & their right.
Just another Trump rally!
Does anyone deny their right to assemble and act as stupid as they wish?
Stick to writing textbooks.
Thanks for printing a nice clear pic.  They needed to be shamed and vilified.
And so we see the fruits of not teaching the true causes of the civil war...
Radio silence so far from trump.
Hope that through face recog software, their faces are kept in a database though which they will always have to be screened for anything
The NEW KKK
That people in this day & age are so hateful, uneducated, self serving, & lack empathy-AMAZING-CROWD MENTALITY-NAZI FORECAST-David Duke here
How much did George Soros pay this group to march
Bravo, Larry. Sending good wishes and moral support. Sad to see that fickle arc of justice bending backward with such vile force
You are not alone! Ever!
Have you ever shared any thoughts on ANTIFA or DeBlasio going to Germany? #douchebag #Charlottesville
Primitive tribes try to protect their culture from encroaching civilization
This is an old story...
Ah, the South rises again, eh? It was always right below the surface, and has now been allowed into the light. Trump's coattails.
Looking at these faces of hatred, I weep for America.
This is the kind of disgusting behavior that @realDonaldTrump has normalized, making racists think it's ok because the POTUS is one of them.
Traitorous people honoring traitors.
Nazis hope you sue this organization
It's very ugly to see this in America.
They all look like the people from Walmart. What losers. White trash at its finest
Larry, were you upset because they didn't smash windows or burn things down like a leftist rally?
Good job Trump~
How long till @realDonaldTrump officially acknowledges armed white supremacist #TrumpSupporters as his personal army?
Sadly there are crazy ppl everywhere. The left have their far left libs,and the right has idiots like this. We can't label the whole bc few
Is the Donald going to speak?  These are his people !
Media must stop calling them "alt right" and call them what they are: White Supremacists.

Where is the Police presence?
@jaketapper @JustCallMeFoxy @DailyProgress TRUE THIS WAS DISGUSTING, BUT SO IS BLACK RIOTS.
This is how white trash acts everyday
"Blood and soil" is stretching the 1st Amendment to the limit. 
Drunk-Booze Barn-#Bannon & #Trump's voters > bunch of ignorant low rent hunters racists..Funny part is #Maga folks love Israel & now Russia
My heart is broken.
I guess we know where to go to get a used Tiki tourch. #dumptrump
Not my American
Just another day in the lives of Trump/Alt. Right supporters.
And yet they say racism is dead
You dont need a statue for people to know who Robert E Lee was,just read a history book.
#charlottsville
Don't be racist. Not everyone teaches their kids to read well.
Maybe ask the local police why they did nothing? You know, the ones that weren't participating in the crowd with the nazis.
@jaketapper @JustCallMeFoxy @DailyProgress the headline has a typo, nazi is spelled N-A-Z-I not T-O-R-C-H
This R wants US to grow up & live 2gether as human beings. That 2016 released long-festering, repressed hatred=SAD! @POTUS Plz condemn this.
I do appreciate that u recognize this as a low point for Virginia.
Their parent must be so proud
I guess they were late to the rally?, they forgot the sheets!
Let us go back to a time when Jews, racial minorities, Gays, and women were subjugated. Make America Great Again!!! Peel back the bandage!!!
God I hope these people get doxxed and start crying about free speech
Appalled at activities, but violated that activities, headlines, and pics identify at UVA. As you, I was there when blacks & women welcomed
Why doesnt Trump tweet about this?
Jefferson would be rolling in his grave
Do you have a comment on the pathetic statement from the President of @UVA that fails to mention the racism of a modern KKK rally on campus?
Just awful!
Why so few counter-protestors? That's the kind of shit that needs a massive turnout. Baffling.
Was it Black Lives Matter?  Did they riot?  Loot?  Throw urine in water bottles at the police? Get arrested? Burn anything?  Beat anyone up?
Let all that lurks in the mud hatch  out. The hate on both sides in our country is coming too ahead.
The sentiment that the Civil War,"War of Northern Aggression"has NEVER gone away especially around here.Feeling is still raw.It is not over.
Only when it is not a protest against the President or America does tho protest Hypocrite
And not one word from POTUS. Disgraceful. They have right to free speech but silence appears to condone behavior
Like you, I too lived on the Lawn. I love and revere it. The desecration is appalling.

Steve Bannon's larva? He must be so proud.
They don't even have the taters to make there own torches
Must have been a sale at @Walmart
Cheap
Reminds me of the Hitler rallies!
Agreed. Hope you are as equally disgusted by the violence and racism of the antifa mobs at Berkeley and other campuses and cities.
Now an important part of the Republican base.
They bring out the worst in human nature. A blight on society.
One million people marched against the Iraq war, no msm. A hundred torch bearing nut cases get together, front page.smh
I have a real question: Where were the women? I didn't see any women in the march. Was this just a Men's march? or do women not support?
We are in some deep kimchi.
Torchlight neo-Nazi rallies appalling anywhere, but to defile the hallowed grounds of one of our finest universities is doubly disgraceful.
Thomas Jefferson just rolled over in his grave.
How bout the Cops? No reporting on how they gave the Nazi's safe passage then broke out the batons for BLM?
Professor, I think the bigger issue is that these people/ideas exist + are allowed to act with no repercussion. Not that it happened at UVa.
I love UVa, too, but shouldn't we be disgraced that we as a society allow these mentalities/behaviors to act/exist--no matter the location?
So what is it: ignorance? How about educating these failed young men?
I am equally sickened by the Socialist left loonies that impede Conservatives right to free speech since during the election
Send these testosterone twats to Syria.
Drone strike would be appropriate, the future of terrorism gathered together, missed opportunity
Absolutely
Making America great again is more like making America ghastly.  He'll never condemn them. His base.  HIS supporters. Pathetic.
Is there some genetic reason that the crowd appears mostly male?
This is disgusting. I want all of their names to be public. Profoundly shameful and cowardly.
White males, so angry at their loss of false privilege!
So much for NK looks like America is heading for a civil war!! Good Job loco potus!!!
Torches!! They might as well worn white robes. This is America's Call to Action! #mysouthernchildhood #Charlottesville #terrorism
Yea but that toupee...
With freedom of speech you take the good with the bad. It's how you explain these situations to your children that makes all the difference.


I can't take them serious with tiki torches.
But you'd support BLM
if that was BLM you would praise it
Trumpeters
Absolutely disgusting.
The Morning Joe crew believes North Korea's leader is rational!!!!
From one of the best countries in the world to one of the worst in a matter of 30 years.
Wow - what is going on with these people?
Altright unleashes 'fire and fury' with 'the likes of which nobody has seen!' @realDonaldTrump  @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Let's stop calling them "Alt"They're White Supremacists & then there's the rest of us, who are members of the Human Race. They disgust me.
Have U been "Sickened" by Communist domestic terrorists (AntiFaux) attacking Patriots all over ?
Who cares abt peaceful march regardless
Sad...
Poor Thomas Jefferson
34 years ago I had the honor of sitting in @LarrySabato class room not far from where these idiots defiled this great institution..sickening
Agreed but can we call it "tiki light march". They probably love the term torch being used
Disgusting. Where is Sessions. Don't give a damn abt MS13. Get this hateful stuff off our streets.
The marchers are all sons of immigrants.
I'd be thinking hard about remaining there.
Chickens with torches, rotisserie style.
Curious.  Did you see who sprayed the chemicals Larry?  Saw a report it was the anti-marchers.
Looks like the perfect army to send directly to North Korea.
"I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it" - Evelyn Beatrice Hall.
The Gay Men's Chorus sings No One Mourns The Wicked!!

Identify them.  Like my friend says, cockroaches only come out at night.
Follow the money...
Was property destroyed like the savages on the left did in their protests at UC Berkeley? Nope.
What the hell do they want any way? Are the black men making them slaves? Lolol. This is the most dumbest protest I've heard about.
If confederates want to die again, many of us are abliged to make that happen
Das Trump Jungend von Weimar a Lago
#SaveLee #UniteTheRight
Silence from President #Squish4Brains  @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse
The world is watching too.
Better really speak up @LarrySabato
Larry, did you equally condemn Black Lives Matter" rioters when they torched and looted buildings and destroyed police cars? Just wondering.
The right called the woman's march a riot, but this disgrace they call a rally.
Shameful.
I'm glad he used "fire and fury" to give a nod to the racist POS in charge.
@Costco had a run on Tiki torches yesterday
This is a real march.
And now for a different kind of march 
@jaketapper buncha reatrds with torchers march = outrage

Black-masked communists riot and set cities on fire = silence
I'm sorry you had to see that on such a historic and beautiful lawn. They disgrace the heritage of Jefferson.
How is this even legal on a U campus?
The Confederate statues should never have been erected just as no other vanquished opponent can erect statues of its heroes.
In the state where Justice is now gov pffft
It's time that trump address this & disavow these nazis sever ties to bannon & gorka stop pandering to these scumbags
Disgusting
Super, young right wing students stand up for nationalism; it is the majority trend, snowflake Joe
These types consider themselves superior, but can barely function on most basic levels without help from those they consider beneath them.
Reminds of this
Well... at least they're not hooded, masked, vandalizing, looting, calling for the lives of cops, and blocking free speech
This is a result of Class Wars.Racism reared its head when the slavery oligarchs ruled and pushed poor whites out. Immigrants,cheap labor.
Their guys run the white house. They feel unafraid now.
Scary.  Scarier yet, that the Prez and the other  leaders of our country - especially the R's -have not denounced it and them.
Shook
