Wilders understands that culture and demographics are our destiny. We can't restore our civilization with somebody else's babies. https://twitter.com/v_of_europe/status/840724494113206272 …
Wow, the racist are more emboldened to speak out & reestablish themselves under Trump than Andrew Jackson's presidency.
@SteveKingIA Yes, they are complicit.
.@EJDionne This is so close to complete fascism, so far from Americanism.
@WhitfordBradley The hate has always been there.  But now some feel it is open season on people who appear "different". Horrible!
@GOP do not CARE what anyone says or does as long as they get their agenda done....party over country!
Complicity is the GOP's mantra
this guy is disgusting.  I truly don't understand how ppl put this racist trash into office. ..Oh they must be just like him smdh
They simply will say they don't like being so PC. 
and apply some common sense so sad that's a rarity these days
have you met the Republicans?
So what happened. 23 hours have passed. Curbelo and who else?
All should be outraged and speak up. So distressing!
republicans we will not forget
speaking up against racism &inequity & now requires strong ethics,decency, statesmanship &compassion which is sorely lacking now
Anyone who uses the word 'homongenous' in regard to people is talking raging racism.
@TheBaxterBean they won't speak up& no 1 will say a word by Friday the MSM will be off to something else. This is America enjoy it
he'd best never come to my side of the state. I'll let him be on his side, for now.
T has emboldened racists everywhere.  T is one with them.
you always speak the truth in a quiet reassuring way. You let the world  know all is not lost Thank you so much
@PatsBigSister1 Steve King Must Go. @SteveKingIA
@marcylauren. Uh.....Heeeeellllll Nooooooooo!  You're talking about what is now the Grand Ole Pus*y Grabbing Party. D.O.A.
@SenatorLeahy Aacidm #Racism is deplorable#making America white again.
@AmericasVoice @SteveKingIA @GOP ARE COMPLICIT! No doubt!
All the different and distinct cultures in the world make it interesting. Protecting your own culture is not racist.
@SenatorLeahy
Ah... NO
Complicit The new Ivanka fragrance
Ahhhh, yes.....the "Will you condemn" distraction/gambit. Always a favorite of those Inside-the-Beltway #Elites
I'm curious about what he characterizes as "our civilization" beyond   white power?
Absolutely! Voting nxt wednesday, most parties exclude Wilders. But PVV might profit from Turkish bad move, naming us Nazis
The silence has also been deafening. First he said nothing about the Jewish cemeteries, now this racism remark.
I emitted2 screams against #King/s unbelievable language.So what is left: only white,European lineage,flawless babies?This isn't leadership!
When in God's name will the left finally go on the OFFENSE? They've been reacting to trump's game 4 months. DIAL UP THE HEAT!
The Bannon administration traffics in hate, disruption and disorder.
they are too afraid of the Trump tweets to speak up. Like the Dems, they have no relevant leader.
White privilege and power are so seductive. We need to embrace our common humanity and denounce what separates us !
Censure?
Besides racism He sounds just plain nuts.
I'm afraid crickets are all we will hear.
GOP esp. @SpeakerRyan & Pence showcase their Christian values. This is not Christian in any way, shape or form.
Take it from a man who has been there...
King needs to be removed from office. I cannot believe statements like this from any American. NOT even a Rep.
"...being in a position to know and nevertheless shunning knowledge creates direct responsibility..."--Albert Speer
@DavidCornDC @MSNBC @maddow @HardballChris Do you believe that there are actually people who vote for him!
No they won't step up. They're probably applauding
I'd bet that this racist is not pure as snow...wish somebody would trace his ancestry to let the skeletons out of his closet.
No they won't. They nominated an overt racist to be POTUS.
He means that "his" "race" can't be restored with some other race's children. A lunatic.
they haven't with anything this man says so....
@realDonaldTrump @HouseGOP @SenateGOP  I donot expect anything from our Republican congress nor our “Con-Man-in-Chief” #ConManDJT
Complicit. Where's Ivanka? @nbcsnl @IvankaTrump @Scarlett_Jo
Every baby, except your own, is "somebody else's babies."
@EricShapiro3 of course they won't speak up. These are the very people that put him in WH. DJT tolerates intolerance very well
really
Traditional answer is when pigs fly
@karaaley Somebody else's babies? Are you kidding me? And what do you know about babies? You've never had sex and never will.
I am guessing none will demand censure/resignation. GOP is the party of malice.
Have @GOP condemned anything yet?
of Social Darwinist variety.
They & Trump will not speak out bc this is their base. Have you seen them condemn any of the other filth?
@BenSasse Senator Sasse? You have been a voice of reason in the past.
We're talking about Republicans here, so I don't expect anything.
Silence is complicit. And, no Republicans will not speak up.
God forbid the Dutch try to remain Dutch
What could possibly make you think that they will speak up?
silence is Complicit, the new fragrance from m Ivanka
Not a squeak from them. We hear them loud & clear.
As it is with everything this administration and Republican members of Congress do, the majority will be complicit. They are craven cowards.
.@EJDionne pot calling the kettle black when will u speak-up on the racism facing ur co-author @JoyReid working with no contract. Explain ??
agreed! This is disgusting and if allowed to stand says everything that needs to be said about racism in the GOP
Again, sorry America for Steve King. Sincerely, Iowa
Yup.  Signed - western Iowa 
@SteveKingIA The real problem is that millions of Iowa voters and others agree with him, or simply don't care about his racism.
special place in hell fpr h
They usually don't. King has said so many horrible things before and he's still around.
Can DC pols speak any other language than provocation?  Citizens deserve more than they are getting from DC.
.@EJDionne All too few of integrity amongst the #GOP these days @SteveKingIA @StephenMillerAL #Bannon & Neo nazis are welcomed not shunned
Racism? How do you get racism? Are you suggesting there are no black or brown Americans? THAT sounds racist to me.
A knuckle dragging neanderthal speaks to other knuckle dragging neanderthals. They hear,obey & loot,pillage and plunder the earth
Condemnation ? More likely a job at the White House .
no they won't.  Gutless cowards.
I don't know if you've noticed but the racists occupy the White House.  No need to speak up when you're running things.
If I had to wager a bet....
Haven't heard a peep from any of them yet.
They will stay silent.  Steve King is their base.
