
Oh and of the election was rigged in Trumps favor then you only have your own party to blame. Learn to lose. Take the blame. Russia didn't
Lose you 1036 seats. Obama and your European socialist policies did. Be mentors to the young and show them how to lose without crying. #sad
I knew a white lady, died at 93 3 yrs ago, who was arrested for using a "colored" restroom, she told judge being from NY, she did not get it
SEE? It went BOTH ways, so???
One minute ago I read your tweet and I have mad respect for you that will never be diminished. 
Thank you for your past present and future #goodtrouble
The question is, why did you use the restroom ? #1 or #2 and did you flush?
Happy Anniversary, Sir!
Civil Rights Museum in Mississippi would not even exist without the sacrifice & dedication of @repjohnlewis & many others.
I hope you psst the floor
Missing here is the fact that the restroom was owned by a private business whose management called the police to arrest him and others.
These days Mr. Lewis promotes “immigration reform,” that is, unrestricted immigration.  Figures.
What a wonderful world this would be had your folkes stayed in the English prisons instead of being freed on the condition that they emigrated to the “new world “
Reuben, Reuben, I’ve been thinking.
What a queer world this would be
If all the folks had stayed in prison
Hail the aborigine!
May the racist bigots burn in hell!  We should be proud to have an icon such as John Lewis standing up and speaking up for our rights.
And now u proudly defraud our government by not paying taxes. You sure have come a long way.  Might not have deserved jail then but u do now
And if Jeff Sessions and djt had their way, this would be America in 2017. #Thanks for helping the Resistance!
That us utter bullshit!
I would imagine his legal team has sealed/expunged that record. Would there be NatSec issues with issuing clearances otherwise? Discuss.
Those "laws" have since been abolished.  Which means the "crimes" would not be of such a serious nature to prevent his service to the US
I don't think John Lewis is losing sleep over it. 
We have come far sense that time but we still have a ways to go.
I hope that you're pissed on the floor! #goodtrouble
Thank you Mr. John Lewis for your fight and unending support for the US.
Age 10 in 57 I seen the signs.
Thanks for giving so much back to a country that treated you so poorly.
American Hero and BADASS! We are lucky to have you as one of our REPS! #Resistance
Thank you! & Keep up the good fight!
Because of your personal and hard fought efforts, we are forever Grateful Mr. John Lewis.
And I thought you were @NateParker
That's fucked up
You are a true hero, sir.

Thank you RepLewis.  Going back 56 years to our US apartheid is what deplorable Trump dog whistles by MAGA!
visited amazing @NCRMuseum last week. Thank you for your sacrifices for & service to this country. You are a role model for all citizens
All need to be constantly reminded that this is NOT ancient history
Better than it was, not as good as it needs to be!
Thank you for continuing the fight for justice
Feel odd "liking" this post, but can't admire this great man enough for his sacrifices to provide "liberty and justice for all".
Thanks for standing up again oppression. May god bless you.
God Bless, John Lewis.
#salute Mr. Lewis 
Bless you, sir!
thank you sir! You are an inspiration!
When you gotta go...you gotta go! 
Much respect, you are an inspiration to all those resisting the fascist President Trump. #resist #peace
you're my hero and a true patriot
Thank you for using that rest room and for all you have done for the struggle. Truly you are a marcher in the storm for still u rise
U r my Hero. The struggle continues for equality
True American hero! I tell my kids that and they are shocked a water fountain offence they are bewildered that it was only 56 years ago.
Yes I am 70 my bro dark skin me light skin got refused cafes all time. White ppl will never understand the deep racial hatred of USA.
ALL colors need to speak agsinst hate; like all police officers should speak against rotten racist black killers-but never fkn do!
Agreed. We need to treat ppl as people good or bad not by color of skin or religion or anything.
I am truly sorry you suffered that indignity, but glad to see you are here today to remind us not to let it happen ever again.
You are one hell of a wonderful human being sir! Thank you for the #GoodFight. #GoodTrouble
My hero
♡ you, @repjohnlewis
Thank you. For all you have done and continue to do, thank you. 
Hero!
I read your memoir and your story is truly awe inspiring. You are an American hero.
Was just looking at this picture of you yesterday at the museum!
Rep. Lewis.  What a real hero and real courage looks like.  I adore this man.
You and me both.
At age of 16  thown out of city library and threaten with arrest for requesting a library card. 3 yrs later USA wanted me in Vietnam
That pisses me off wouldn't let you read butbyounwas good enough to fight
Vietnam.at that
I saw the irony & contradiction of usa as to custom & law at early age after my meeting in the library
Mind blowing to think conservatives are still passing laws on who can go to the bathroom.
Do you think they have separate bathrooms in their own homes?
I do not even want to consider what guys like Pence do in their bathrooms!
56yrs you've dwelled on this. With the vast changes in Civil Rights I see a POSITIVE! You exploit this by politicizing it and race baiting.
Besides the right to vote what has changed in black America?
The fact that many blacks have fell for and adopted Communism/Socialism and no longer strive to be American. Major Change in Black America.
You are basing this on what? Cite your source I would love to see the reference material you have proving this theory.  #angryvet
Black voting stats in the last 8-10 yrs. The Democrat Party is extremely (Far Left) comprised of Progressives (Code for Communist/Socialist)
U should go to a community college take a few political science classes so u will really know what communism is.  #angryvet
You are dreadfully wrong Lou. I will not be indoctrinated into believing the teachings of an indoctrinated #Brainwashed Professor/Teacher.
In other words he couldn't even get into community college either.
Worked out pretty good for you since you parlayed it into government salary as a liberal politician for your whole life!
REALLY!! What about the politicians that have been in office for decades doing nothing for common everyday people??
GOP dedicated to themselves & indebted to big money businesses that buy & pay tbeir way for a seat-that screws us ALL!
You have never been screwed until you have been screwed by losers obama, Clinton, holder, lynch, preluding and Reid! Horrible losers!
You sound like a nasty sad GOPer! #MRS444President
No I'm just an American tired of screw ups destroying our nation!
Handsome dude
Sorry to hear this, but what a great success story. You jumped thru every hurtle, regardless what others might have said. GOD BLESS YOU !!!
Still, you look back. You cannot serve in the present while the padt haunts you.
And now you are a congressman.  Only in the USA 

So sorry for what you had to go through, my friend.
And I'm 54 years old. Thank you for your service.
Omg
You have broken down barriers your whole life and stand like a beacon for all who have been disenfranchised, not just people of color.
Thank him for being courageous! The fight is not yet won!
Going to have my daughter research you
No wonder you hate white people and cant let it go. If you would have stayed in there, black people would be much better off.
and today you are licking a white woman"s (@HillaryClinton ) arse, shame! shame! shame!
So you admit you like breaking the law?
That you were.. now if you remember that tell me why have you forgotten it was Democrats responsible for that law.
I like the look of defiance in your mugshot.  Awesome.
It's easy to forget that kind of stuff wasn't that long ago.
John Lewis so proud of your service keep up the great work so wish U nothing but the very best thankU4advocating 4people who can't advocate
Thank you for having courage and providing a role model I can teach my students about! #Letsallmoveforwardtogether
Ooh now that are alot of things change can this be done?
Thanks for revealing #truth about #American #racist past.
Your an amazing person Mr. Lewis!! Thank you for your courage and bravery.
@PiersonFode @ObbaBabatunde Times have changed John. Those days are gone forever, both races now equal, & it's now a black & white restroom.
Thank god they have changed. We all still have room to grow. But don't diminish Johns life. Honor what he went through to get us here
Oh no, not overlooking. Just that we as a nation has grown since then. Still with some improvements to work on, but we can get there.
Sounds like you were overlooking
No Madam, just noticing the difference between yesterday and today.
Shocking to think that all happened in our lifetimes, let alone at all
Tell me about it.
Thankfully I've never witnessed it or had to live through it. But it still shocks and saddens me
I know. Appalling.
What did it look like inside?
Thank u for ur tireless work for equality for all Americans. U are a true hero and for those who can't accept it, too bad, so sad.
Thanks Mr. Lewis for paving the way!  You are appreciated
so sorry..so disgusting!
Thanks for the reminder.and good job keeping America divided with your 56 years ago bigoted http://America.now  only half of the USA is
Your courageous work continues to inspire.  Bless you, Sir
And then @repjohnlewis joined the Political party, DEMs, that was responsible for his arrest.
I don't even know what say am just speechless over this tweet
God bless you sir!!
Thank you for your tenacity, your insight, your wisdom and your courage.
Proud of you & all the hard work you've done over the years. A shining beacon of hope for all who struggle to be free, and their supporters!
 
You are a true hero, sir.
.@repjohnlewis The records show that you were arrested at least 45 times. But I'm sure the arrests were all for "good" trouble.
We support you for standing up for all people being equal. Love to you and all that you suffered for freedom.
Man!!!! I would loose my mind going to Prison for something like that #MAGA my Bleep!!!
You are one of the few true heroes left in this world, Mr. Lewis.  Keep fighting the good fight!
Good ole democrats pushed those Jim crow laws too
If you would do something towards legalizing drugs, you would help Blacks out today.
And that's why I would gladly give my life to stop this INSANITY! treason TRAIN full of bigots RACIST and RUSSIANS! Gladly!
What stands out, in your "mug shot" is dignity and moral strength in the face of  injustice.Also, a handsome young man.
Disgusting
I first saw Black/White over water fountains in Atlanta Station in 1950.  I got screamed at for walking toward a "Black" one. Shock. Was 11
You are an example for all.  Thank you for giving us hope for a better world.
Wow! The world has come a long way. I'm happy you're alive to share this
justice is not black . poor man <3
Hope you pissed all over the walls pal
And unfortunately it seems we are headed back in that direction with Trump and his band of misfits.
You're an inspiration to everyone out there. #GETIT brother
That's crazy that that is in our life time
Dear John - You walked the walk for equality.  May all your dreams come true.
Thank God you are free. God bless you and your family. Thank you for everything you have done for civil rights
I am sorry this ever happened in this world. So many injustices throughout the centuries and still more everyday. Praying for it to end. 
Glad you did give up, thanks
Did not give up
Your an amazing person who found courage to fight injustice. Thank you for you sacrifices.
Thank you sir for your faithful service to your fellow man.
Thank you for giving your all in the struggle, and sharing it with us from firsthand experience. Some try to rewrite/sanitize our history.
I hate that this happened to you.As a child I wondered why there were "White" and "colored" restrooms,waiting rooms.Colored seemed better...
Was it the calm before this administration? Do you think it's (marginalization) finished after this?
Doesnt excuse you being a tool now.....just sayin
So much for US democracy, what a charade.
Long before you sold out eh' John?
you don't understand that the DNC is so corrupt now its destroying the Voting system, giving the republicans full control, your part of it
Thank you Mr John Lewis for then and now! You are still standing for what's Right! May HIS  Peace Be Unto You Always!
.Still my hero.
all talk... sad
Love your tenacity, love of country, and your voice during the 60's onward, you r awesome ! ~ signed and old hippie !
I believe some may be missing the point.. it should have never HAPPENED! THE CLIMATE IN SOUTHERN STATES TODAY IS JUST AS CHALLENGING!
Stop using this as an excuse to spew hate and incite violence and division.
. . . Have been blessed ever since!
Thank you for making that move.
Then he sold out his race for chump change like Judas icon of treason and disgrace
We've come a long way, we've got a long way to go.
Thank you for all the hard & dangerous work you did, & the work you continue to do for US citizens!
That's awful, but thank you for the post. Evil can only be subdued, not destroyed. We need these reminders to remain vigilant.
God bless you
I too, lived through the whites only signs. My parents never had an explanation for it. Sad times! Pathetic times.
Yeah it's really too bad you burned your credibility standing up and trying to suggest @BernieSanders wasn't part of Civil Rights struggle.
Right. And you're a democrat, why?
How strong you were and still are today.
I love you John Lewis 
It was a terrible time... What a shame that Rep Lewis is now a spokes person he's become a laughing stock in American politics.
@repjohnlewis you are of man of honor and I am truly sorry for what you endured! God bless !
Cracking a book or googling it with machine in ur hand is better idea instead of starting an argument
More power to you - that's real politics,  courage and patriotism acting for a better country.
That was when you still had principles: you became a politician & lost your way.  Look at the condition of YOUR district, it's your legacy.
So glad you continue to fight for Equality! No man should be treated differently by the Color of their Skin!
Disgusting
You're doing ok now though, right?
Must say, looking pretty stylish (and not worried) in the pic.
This amazing! I did talk to an employee at your office though, and she told me that you didn't have time to meet with everybody.
I do not understand the fear that spurs such hatred. I was 10 listening to MLK's I Had A Dream speech- the little children holding hands was
America is a better place because of folks like you...thank you
Thank you for your courage and fortitude Mr. Lewis
@repjohnlewis, you're a hero of civil rights movement. Get Dems on track to lift bottom 4/5ths of population; reduce economic inequality
American hero.
(((hugs)))))
Alas, when the US left could inspire, this generation of post war Americans generally made the west a better place for all. Thank you
I wish so much that there were more people like you in government. You stand for actual American values. Thank you for leading
Thank you for leading the way. You are an inspiration to those of us who work to ensure civil rights for all today.
You are a hero
Thank you for your service!  You are what makes this country great!
#staywoke.
And yet, in 2017 #BlackLivesMatter is trying to seperate us again.
God bless you!  You have always put your feet to your prayers. You are an inspiration to all of us who fight for civil rights.
And you have been a bitter racist ever since!
So I guess now it's ok to be racist!?
I fully admire and support your sacrifices for civil liberties. However, I feel that you support the wrong political party.
I respect, appreciate, & salute you my brother. Keep fighting!!!
#WhatHaveYouDoneForMeLately
And to think now you can use the ladies restroom as well
WTF man f**k our leaders sometimes
Keep walking the walk. The struggle goes on.
John, are you going to live in the past for the rest of your life? Maybe it's time to move on. I once drank water from a "colored" fountain!
My heart goes out to you for all the injustices you have endured only bc of the color of your skin. Thank you for the work you do.
Type with 2lpuur8àtp
Just blows my mind.
feck sake mate sadly i dont know if its any better with some people shame on america espcially
There'll be separate Democrat & GOP restrooms soon after the Civil War
One Civil War was enough.
Blessings to John Lewis, on this July night of the full 'Blessings' moon.  We will never forget #socialJustice #civilRights  #Peace #Love
