Proud example of Daca and Latino pride. Keep your head up high the only thing no one can take away it's your education and your Faith >God
Latino df no darling they were born in Mexico so Mexican Pride
Lmao look up what Latino means. Lol
then and educated bitch i guess you must have mistyped educated might want to theck your gramnar hun
GPA does not lie. When we generate the ranks we go by their grades. If another child does not make it; it's bec. they did not have the GPA
money to children like them, because they have potential. Not saying that our children don't have potential.
My daughters are intelligent.  One was the salutatorian of her class. She graduated with 60 college hours, and my other one is rank in
They displaced two legal citizens at Harvard and Middlebury. very expensive schools. Who paid?
What was your SAT score?  Be pissed of at real issues...
Ha! You're funny. As a LEGAL immigrant I think I am "pissed" at a real issue. End DACA
Lmao! Legal?  American born here.  You're lucky to be legal, so no compassion for those who weren't so lucky?  Nice.  Christian??
Luck had nothing to do with it.
Sure it did..things could have been very different. But you keep showing compassion...
Of ourse things could have been very different. Duh! But I guess you're right the harder I work the luckier I get.
You're intelligence shows!  "Duh"!  Lmao.  You reallly should go back to school.
PLEASE come to Canada.  We need dreamers like you!!
Im sure most #DACA opposers and haters didn't graduate anything in their lives... #DREAMers
Wrong
This is only the beginning of the great battle we face. Let's allow our collective intelligence challenge the system. Have Faith.
End #DACA. #DACA is the reason so many want to sanitize our American History. Time to worry about our American children & vets
If Obama could tell the difference between honor roll student and criminal gangsters from other countries, we wouldn't have to do this.
Illegal means illegal. If ur in college surely you know that. Who is paying for  your education?
Are they here legally? If not, why? They seem to truly enjoy it here in the states so what's preventing them from doing this legally?
I never wanna hear this "just get citizenship!" bullshit again. It's not easy or affordable. Get a grip.
If the process is truly mind blowing and expensive, how do normal average Joes do it? Don't say "they dont" because we both know that's bs.
Money
Yea I said average joe.... I've known individuals that DON'T have a lot of money manage to do it legally.
But as I said, if the process is outlandishly difficult to accomplish for most, then the process itself should be reviewed.
They stole prestigious careers from American kids. ThEY R sociopathic narcissists. Unbelievable the university allowed this #DACA END IT NOW
They stole intelligence and smarts? Seriously?
They stole places at university that should have gone to Americans. Dreamers are THIEVES. End #DACA NOW They are criminal invaders.
How did they steal what wasn't reserved? Universities don't work like that. Good grades get you in. Dreamers that got in, had better grades.
They had no legal right to be here. They are not citizens, they are thieves stealing from American kids. End #DACA NOW
How are they stealing?
They are stealing places meant for Americans. Dreamers are thieves.
Are they specifically reserved for ONLY American citizens?
Way to go
That really rocked, what great kids! Dreamers
Why is it Blacks and Latinos are allowed to be proud of their race but whites on the otherhand are labeled as racists when they do the same?
If this is an honest question, I'll gladly help you look for a really cool Twitter thread that explains this whole thing. :)
I don't need help identifying racism.
These students robbed college slots meant for Americans. #RealDonaldTrump #RepealDACA #MAGA #HoustonStrong #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneHarvey
Find an H1B visa as some of us worked our asses off to get it #BleedingHearts
hey mik, just stopping by to say I hope birds shit on you constantly whenever you leave the house

Who paid for it?
Que pendejos los Latinos que votaron por ese puto sin vergüenza.
Pero aslos entender
If they are not legal citizens, how did they acquire their SSNs; how did they get them legally? Blame their parents NOT the laws.
Make Mexico Great Again 
Take your skills back to where you came from. Help those back there.
Love this story! These kids are as American as the rest of us. So proud of all and specially these two brothers.

T
Annd they're contributing to making #America GREAT!..They put in their effort&hard work..
But #SanAntonio 550 KTSA host @treywareshow said dreamers were diseased infested terrorists. #DACA
Jesus. Well Maddow last night made clear, Gop are hate filled especially against Hispanics. Just reprehensible.
We must fight for these young people! Onward!
Trump has no heart or mind…nor does his henchmen. Pouring your hearts out in an appeal will fail. I stand with you.
Both graduated in the USA & now can greatly help their home countries.Try to help your own & give back something they have received.
The hypocrisy here is insane. Pro lifers demanding the only life that hundreds of thousands have known be ripped out from under them.
Plz know that most of us here are FOR DACA. The trump admin is cruel and,I believe racist. We stand w/you in spirit and prayer
Their parents are CRIMINALS! WHAT CAN YOU NOT UNDERSTAND ABOUT THIS? MEXICO WOULD NEVER HAVE BEEN THIS KIND TO AMERICANOS!
No message can stop this President I think he is really trying to destroy our country the main word being ours not his alone no heart & soul
Amongst the best and brightest w great futures ahead of them. How could we turn our backs on them.
Soñadores; Bienvenidos al Mundo Real, si están desertando, México los necesita para un País mejor. Soñar en Dólar no cuesta nada. #DACA
@realDonaldTrump So these 2 highly accomplished young men have to leave?! You're a horrible little man @realDonaldTrump
@reddit and @RickandMorty with the shout outs.
Toss Trump
$12,000 a year to educate each #DACA child in public school. MATH for 2 dreamers: $12,000 x 2 dreamers x 12 years education =$288,000 #MAGA
$12,000 a year to educate each #DACA child in public school. MATH for you dreamers: $12,000 x 2 dreamers x 12 years education =$288,000
Willing to PAY BACK the education you stole? My family came here LEGALLY and we have dreams too. You are robbing from the LAW OBIDING aliens
The U.S. spends $12,000 a year to educate each #DACA child in public school. 700,000 kids = $8,400,000,000 annually! Money for a WALL? #MAGA
Just heartwarming!  Your parents must be so very proud!! Stay strong and do well in school!!
Keep the dream alive but do it constitutionally correct. Fix what Obama failed to do.
Sadly some might see this differently and view those two college places as having been lost to two others.
If here illegally,  they need to leave or be sent out of America
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP @HouseGOP Republicans will OWN this HATEFUL decision to end #DACA Dreamers are AMERICANS #DefendDACA NOW
Well said
Ohhh..real American name...Native American???
I would trade DT for these two gentlemen
Test: the two dreamers and Trump, whomever has the lowest I.Q. must leave the country
It would have helped tRUMP if maybe he  would have attended Middlebury! He needs help in understanding OTHER cultures.
@DaveWeasel wows... Friends?!?
DACA cannot legally be kept alive it was unconstitutionalLY PENNED BY OBAMA Trump has really no power in DACA it's a congressional matter
@realDonaldTrump Do you really care?  For the DACA people?  I guess not, but we know you care about money!  Consider this...

I support you
This Middlebury grad supports you.
these ingrates would have been wise to call our @POTUS "President Trump".

instead they callously refer to him as "TRUMP".

adios #DACA
Would you care for someone who threatened you and your families wellbeing? Didn't think so. Step off the Trump train and look around
illegal aliens protected by obama's #daca game have RAPED INNOCENT AMERICANS.

what about their family well being?
This article showed no proof that the DACA committed the crimes, it very clearly stated the illegal immigrants did and had previous arrests.
How much did you pay for your Education
They're so cute. 
Their education,healthcare and government assistance was all paid for by LEGAL citizens.DACA is an executive order that rewards law breakers
sadly, he and his dark money dirtbags don't care, or even comprehend.
They represent the best of us #WeAreAllDreamers
Not interested in appeasing illegals!
How much does daca cost vs. making these kids study and be a productive citizen? That needs ti be answered.
They're already educated and productive and paying taxes.
The message to Congress is to pass an immigration reform. This young professional deserve a chance to become citizens of the USA.

Shouldn't their message to Congress be "pass immigration reform?"
Thank you finally someone who knows DACA penned unconstitutionally by Obama. He tricked the liberals Trump just handing it off to congress
Yeah, how dare he try to let Americans stay in the country and not force them back to countries they aren't from
Have you given anything back, that is the question. The American taxpayer carried you, now pay it forward.
Sure u'll be able to meet them next yr when found they've NOT been deported. #DACA is not priority. Want sure protection, look to Congress 
They must have very wealthy parents to afford those great schools.
We dream of you going back home.  Go before Trump sends you back with nothing but the clothes on your back.  @AnnCoulter @realDonaldTrump
Great people, great shcools too. I am positive they will be an asset to their communities wherever that is.
They may be nice people, but they are NOT LEGAL. AMERICANS COULD NOT DO THIS IN MEXICO!
I agree. I don't agree with a free pass. That is why I said "wherever that is". They might need to go back to their countries...
No amnesty. Mexico would not grant that to us in their country.
We are with you! Americans who know and believe in American values will always stand with the "DREAMERS." The fight is just beginning.
dreamers are those who become legal citizens. DACA can do the same DACA was penned unconstitutionally by Obama he tricked you KNOW UR FACTS
Si se puede! #DACA

#ResistPersist#Insist
A real human is answering at Paxton's office 512-463-2100- call and tell him it's not too late to pull the DACA letter!
@realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump Dreamers making America great!
We let your people stay so you have no moral ground to deny anyone
To? Oh, no. #DACA
