Alt-right crowd size on left, memorial on right. Love wins again.
#Charlotteville
That was still very much the alt right. They were Nazi saluting and chanting "Blood and soil".
If media lies...where did you get your info from? How can you trust it?
'red pill ' desperate need for otherness/grandiosity that you believe fascinating nonsense instead of doing the hard work of being decent.
Nazis came with guns, riot gear, bats and hate--Citizens came with candles solidarity and love, see the difference rethugs.

Don't make me show the pictures of a man being almost beaten to death and a girl getting hit by a car and killed by a fucking NAZI, uhmkay
Existence of evil Nazis does not justify #altleft assaulting old ladies or BLM killing cops.  Mob violence by Left is well documented.
But sure keep protecting ppl who say things like this:
Your side looks awfully white, I thought you were supposed to be opposed to the segregation of the races.
Trollbot return to your Russian oligarch
I didn't think there was anyone ignorant enough to still believe in the whole Russia thing. Your kind is nearly extinct.
Such a frightened snowflake you must be.
Good god you all are obtuse. Golden Rule, and human rights and if you can't understand those basic concepts feel free to hide away wherever.
Everyone that I have ever met that used "obtuse" to describe someone else turned out to be too stupid to toss the descriptor around.
Hey buddy, I remember my first beer too. I'll wager my four years of Latin and education against whatever you got goin on.
This is a disgrace. I reported for bigotry
Mazeltov
The real question is, will you #nazis ever get to replace #Jews?  will u ever b able to accomplish so much in science, the arts...
Goethe said kindness is what holds society together it is the glue, the golden chain which links all human beings together.
to vypadá že jste mu dala důvod ke zpátečce...
that’s right, #Jews will not replace you. Can u imagine a bunch of Jews living in a trailer park eating grits listening to lynyrd skynard?
What's sickening is his grandchildren are 50% Jewish & Trump would lead them to the slaughter if he could make money from it!!
What a horrible statement!
But true.  Trump is the Nazi in chief, his followers the same as hitlers sheep
...have great intelligence and wealth through hard work, despite being a  minority that had been mass persecuted?
OMG... you people and your buzz words are so fu*king predictalbe and LAME.
Love Replaces Hate....EVERYTIME!
I wish I could have been at vigil for Heather Heyer.  That ALT Right ruined Charlottesville image.  Love and peace always over rules hate.
Yes it does. All day. Every day
The real Charlottesville. The Charlottesville I've had the privilege of visiting and knowing.
... nope not a chance, so in the  meantime keep living in your mother’s basement spewing hate instead

That's a bunch of BS!  Where are the Black Masks, bricks, bottles of urine? Take this #fakenews pix & shove it.
...yeah, neither can i
@noyouhangup #psychiatry @SvengaliDixie psychiatry is #fascistic @BehavioralMed #mindcontrol and #destructive to #humanhealth @HarvardMedEd
"Love" and "equality" from Lefties:
says someone who fell for a photoshopped image of a GREEK. they don't use tge latin alphabet there
Would u like me to share any one of the other tens of thousands of pics of #altleft assaulting good people?
why didn't those pics get published instead? and conversely, do you want me to post thousands of pics of lynching/gestapo victims?
Pics do get posted.  Internet is vast.  Put less faith in Fox, CNN et al to provide full story.  I already oppose all Nazis & all Commies.
both of the pics you posted are from europe? look at tge street signs in the right hand side. #notYourProblem. however, its your reporting
Lefties are the same violent and hateful virtue signaling hypocrites on each side of the Atlantic.  #PleaseTryToKeepUp
wrongies keep making the same mistakes, call it winning. it's okay,high income lefty cities will still pay more to subsidize the rest of usa
An open letter to all those individuals who had the great fortune to be born a white male in the USA:

Quit your whining - it's embarrassing
Name a luckier demographic than white male born in America in the last 65 years- use the whole world and throughout history.
Muslim born in Saudi Arabia? I would prefer my chances for a good life as a white male born in the US. Do you know what demographic means?
A lot of these lefties would talk about Anne's white privilege
Ok let me modify that: the shit dumb people say
Alot of dumb people. Including "professors" & dummy @SenSanders said "if you're white, you don't know what it's like to be poor" implying Wp
The median white household has 135k to its name. The mean black household has 9k

Whites can borrow from friends and family

Blacks can't
So that's my fault? Or my father's that has worked since he was 12? Go on with that bull crap
Did black people get their 40 acres and a mule?

No

So yes black people STILL are owed restitution
#WhiteSupremacistInChief
Beautiful
GO 'HOOS!!!!!!
Nice support!
excuse me @AnneFrankCenter are your bio hashtags applicable to Palestinians and Palestine?
looks like more then a plethora of white people.. Just saying.. Seriously look they are all white!!
Wow! @AnneFrankCenter has endorsed anarchism - communism -violence & picked a side, just like Hitler did --all in one tweet
good photoshop there, guys
It is not admirable that you use the name and memory of Ms. Frank illegally. Consider having dignity and respect.
The left is riddled with hate. You guys are only good in exploiting other people's names. Anne would laugh at what you think are Nazis
Sorry I'm stealing this
@jcstandaert You Anne Frank Center Leftist HYPOCRITES- Lets see you Condemn ANTIFA & ISLAMIST VIOLENCE
Just as soon as u condemn domestic terror.. homegrown radicals as 4 antifa u do realize that is short for anti facist is that a bad thing?
Evil  and hare will not win here!
How can people be against love and equality for all!?
We're going to be fine USA. You're so beautiful. All races please reach within to output behaviors of respect for each other.LET'S WORK USA!
Progress & equality are the future of humanity. Tribalism, exclusion & inequality are caveman tactics. #stophate #equality
That sends a good shiver down my spine 
Love that!
Beautiful!
And by "love" you mean attacking all those center or right as "nazis" and by "equal" you mean anti-white policies.
@lazofficial Love this!!!! 
Hey @GOP & @POTUS FYI. @jaketapper
Absolutely beautiful
@salome_debbie 
https://goo.gl/liKUTy  #nowplaying Je peux malaxer vos cuisses de mes coussinets mignons? mioumiou miou?
We must all continue to replace them. I am afraid they will feel empowered and keep coming. Stay strong and speak up.
You replaced yourselves 
#Karma is a bitch! #HeatherHeyer died flinging piss&@ rep.,cops& prot. 2shutdown freespeech & a 4-way inters.using fear & bats
This. Is. Beautiful.
Now that's a crowd of some fine people.See @realDonaldTrump ?These are what fine people look like.Seems like you can't tell the difference.
@markfromhalsey We replace as you disgrace! 
Communist rewriting history
'For the dead and the living, we must bear witness.' Eli Wiesel
This Charlottesville Photo is One For Must Education Books. The Best of AMERICA
So true
Bickering is futile. Each INITIAL violent episode proves little more than some people are violent. Beyond that we would have to witness...
...the following cascade of events from the initial violence. A bloody TRump supporter may have thrown the first punch. But we don't know...
...can't know unless we see it. So let's consider that violent words & provocative actions can incite violence. That's why those are...
...illegal actions. There is no moral high ground for anyone wearing Nazi regalia. There is no moral high ground associating with those ppl.
Also a picture of your side.
Sorry, it looks like the picture has been filtered for artistic effect. In so doing, it gives the haters a chance to claim it is doctored.
Standing with you.
Only speech of Love  and Unity is really free! Speech of Hate and Anger is always costly!
This simple phrase is perfect. We replaced you.
Anne Frank Center is not what you think, or the one you think h/t @jpodhoretz

This is magnificent 
This my friends is what HOPE looks & feels like. TY Charlottesville, VA.
Yo Polly your ruining these ppl weekend 
Oh, I'm loving this. Goodbye hateful losers. Hope you enjoyed your last gasp. Now go fade from existence.
You know one of those scumbags is sitting there going "we had the biggest protest of all time. Record attendance. I don't care about photos"
I wonder how tolerant they are of people they disagree with
Was this peaceful loving scene before or after you physically assaulted people with baseball bats, urine, and battery acid?
LOVE TRUMPS HATE!
"No permits shall be issued to any individual or group with a known history of expressing hatred or inciting violence". Let's make it a law.
It's all white people
Discrimination in the workplace based on color, creed, etc. is illegal, but speech that encourages actual violence is not. That's insane.

Awesome.  A reminder that these white supremacist and other groups pushing anarchy are indeed fringe.  The vast majority is us.
NORMAL PROPLE, WTF
If those Whites are hateful racist Sexist BIGOTS toting assault weapons, he the, block them, lock their asses up
Yeah I know
https://www.facebook.com/DanaRaeLohman/posts/10210276076006897 …
nice try
The side that sent two reporters to the hospital after being attacked by Antifa which no one is talking about? Both sides were violent.
"Anne Frank Center"
Yeah. Unfortunate, because in general I agree with their message & advocacy. Come clean, AFC - or you have no ethical ground to speak from.
There will come a time in the near future when you realize how wrong you were. Blind hate is bad, but blind acceptance is just as bad.
Maybe shouldn't be depicted as 'sides?'  With you all the way otherwise.
Yesterday I visited the site of the death camp at Treblinka where 700000 humans were tortured and murdered. Never forget where words lead.
This little light of mine...
Lights of Love
Wahoowah.
The problem is the sides, and the hate that flows between. Antifa attacking a rally caused this mess. With one side only there's no fight.
Put down your tiki torches and hold up a candle
@realDonaldTrump you can always be replaced. #NaziSympathizers #boycotttrump #ResistHate #resignnow #hatewillneverwin #hatewontmakeusgreat
Beautiful and touching, still with heavy heart.
Replaced?Nobdy has been replaced,nor will b/either side.Anne would roll ovrN her grave.Shes going 2haunt ur computer.PRAY u hate spreaders!

Wins best caption! Perfect.
Shit like this just proves Stormtard points. Victory laps before victory never bode well.
One big virtue signal
i'm blown away by the power of this image
Save
I agree love is the way, but the violence from the white supremacist and Antifa will have to be addressed.
Your country stands with YOU even when your 'president' refuses & blames you for it!
Russia is helping North Korea & Isis. Kinda have a feeling they funded this fiasco. We  u now we are more "woke" rather MORE are woke Now
that is the Republicans worst nightmare When their "Base" of stupids realize hey I think it's our fellows that enslave us poor. Tick Tock
The side of the passive agressive's who's countenance falls the moment someone disagrees with them.
Beautiful. #SpreadTheLove
Hey Trumpsters, behold a peaceful rally; love, solidarity, tolerance in a rainbow of colors against racism. Fight hatred not love!
Nah they're just gonna get bigger and the GOP needs their votes.
Eaquality for all lmao good fucking luck. there will always be an oppressor and an oppressed, stop fight the laws of nature you'll lose.
....oh yeah, and there are Jews AND Blacks WITH US, & Gays & Straights, & Mexicans & Starbelly Sneeches & Sneeches without stars upon thars!

I've got a better caption for you......." Reclaiming My Time"
& as @LethaboKing asked, what would happen if we tried to take down the statutes of jefferson? would they still be holding candles? doubtful
Great pic
This is beautiful
Beautiful
Men Women Blacks Whites Browns Gay Straights Jews Christians Muslims. Students Parents Grandparents We are actually the majority
Not So Silent 
Was daydreaming, peacefull, gratitude, and loving kindness. Looking Charlottesville picture, awesome.
Wait, white people marching with tiki torches is evil... but white people gathering with candles is not?
This is why you oppose Israel?
From Australia ,that's absolutely wonderful ,God bless you all.
WE REPLACED YOU WE REPLACED YOU 
Goyim everywhere!  RUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!
and we won't let them be replaced when they are gone!
Everyone in your picture is White. Why did you replace the POCs?
What about this didn't seem just as racist as the white supremacists to you?
Let's hope that soon we'll be saying that to Trump!
"We replaced you"

>a sea of white people
We will replace you. We replace you. We replaced you.
Such a great photo @BonnieDDriscoll
Thanks. You can purchase prints of my photo here:http://caseykilmartin.zenfolio.com/p266306562/e936B59DE … all proceeds go to @splcenter
Let the world see this in the coming days. Not violence.
Perfect. Hope Weeping Nazi gets a big blowup poster for his cell wall. "We Replaced You," and Chris, "We Incarcerated You." Sleep tight.
On my way there tomorrow
Equality? Open borders for Israel. We're all just human right? Let them in!

Amazing 
Hope. 
God bless!
Bring it on. We will never stop. We will never back down. We are in this for life, no matter what.
#Loveislove 
Cool
Or as Trump thinks, that violent gang on the left.  "Look! They've got fire! They're equally guilty of assaulting fine people."
U BET - LOVE trumps HATE!
The media doesn't support your side because your side is nasty. Part of Hitler's rise to power was undermining the press.
SAVAGE!! So poignant with just the right amount of shade! *insert Salt Bae's sprinkling hand motion*
Pretty photos and emotions has never built a civilization. FYI.
"We replaced you", we got it jews. Jews want whites replaced in their own homelands. The signaling is LOUD and clear. Good luck.
Fake virtue signalling by fake "Anne Frank Center" hahaha
@nytimes @WSJopinion We should disavow all groups promoting #hate,intolerance&violence right&left
Look at all those dumbed down proles, unknowningly doing the bidding of the jews.
and yet under today's definition, TJ is a rapist.

"Those mine enemies, which would not that I should reign over them, bring hither, and slay them before me." —Jesus Christ
what a clever propaganda piece.
Why is everyone in that photo white?
OH LORD.....STOP THE HATE OK.
Beautiful....
For Anne and for Heather. 

The photographer @caseykilmartin is selling prints, with proceeds going to @splcenter: http://caseykilmartin.zenfolio.com/p412994472/h936C5094#h936c5094 …
A credit would be nice.
Caption by @brennanmgilmore, photo by @caseykilmartin. Spread the love.
This is not an us vs them this is American for all.  This 50 year old cartoon is appropriate for today.
The best kind of protest
Yes, just don't be guilty of wrong-think or we'll violently attack you.
wild antifa thug casually walks by with a "death to cops" sign
Omg <tears in my eyes> So beautiful. Thank u for this.
It is on. It is soooo on.

#Mission110
This is who we are! My heart swells. My hope and faith are with those preparing to lead. 
Beautiful
Amazing grace!
Now that's America!!!!
God you're a sick, EVIL, hating hypocrite. Love & 360° POV 
are foreign to you. #YouWillNeverReplaceUs #MAGA
