I remember when Baryshnikov came to the US.
An unbelievable talent!
It was a frightening time for individuals like him.
God bless him.  
This is the Baryshnikov that I remember.  He was like a work of art, flying across the stage.

Great photos-thanks for sharing! Admired him as an artist+was happy to learn he is also a thoughtful, articulate+deeply intelligent person.
I dont think I ever got over the excitement of watching him!  It was like he wasn't real!  Talent beyond imagination!
I've seen him perform twice - breathtaking and magical!
Me too! Swan Lake in Toronto, I was 10.
He must have been around 20?  Maybe a little older?
Move to Canada, fawn over their President ! It might cure you're #TDS #cnn #maga
wise as he lived internationally n chose here under great stress.  always loved him I remember this side of him and his dancing was sublime
If you've ever seen/read interviews with him, Baryshnikov is a brilliant man as well as a truly great artist. Glad to see he has spoken out!
He's speaking of you and your Hollyweird praising, pedophilia ilk in the mainstream media
lol what are you talking about?  republicans?  they're quite literally exactly like ISIS.  im sorry but i dont negotiate with terrorists
America always welcomes people from civilized countries. We don't need primitive and violent people to kill us. Nothing wrong with the wall.
"It's a crime to be different???"  Pretty sure that has nothing to do with walls.
Putin was successful corrupting election & putting his puppet in office. He found a family so greedy & knew would sell out country for power
Sorry Hillary is not in office.  Hillary is the greedy one ... do some research
he was always the wrong choice for Carrie Bradshaw though LOL  #SATC
Still wish Big would've kicked his ass..
He was so wrong for Carrie.  Even she couldn’t get into him.  What a waste of 2 seasons that was.
I think the show was going for making the audience hate someone more than BIG kind of like Negan being worse than the Governor :)
To try to redeem Big for the finale?  I didn’t hate his character, just thought he was a pompous ass like most of the men she liked 
she had a pattern of really liking guys who didn't really like her as much, nice guys didn't last long with her.
Ie Aiden who was the perfect guy
yeah, a guy that does your floors is suppose to be a keeper.
Saw Baryshnikov perform when I was a child, he flew  
across the stage,spellbinding! Unfortunately he's right about Trump and the US.
Non sequitor.
I wasn't making an argument, merely an observation.
This cannot be forever.  We will not allow it.
You have been an inspiration to me and millions hope they hear you ! For ever
Sorry to disappoint you, that is not Mikhail Baryshnikov. Here :
By golly, you're right.  I couldn't see the Gif's face clearly on my phone. Too small.  Good catch,  Edward!
I deserve no special credit for spotting the mistake. Baryshnikov was a close friend of my mother.
Haha! But there is a big difference. 
Soviets built walls  to keep their people in. 
Trump builds wall to keep primitive people out and MAGA
Complete nonsense.  Where it is 'a crime to be different'?  
My Russian friends tell me Bernie communist rhetoric reminds them of USSR
Right there: Bernie’s a Democratic Socialist, not a commie.
Girl we don't trust anything you say you need to just go home and take a bath
You don't believe the quote? You don't believe that Misha, having lived through Soviet Russia, knows something about authoritarianism?
Of course not.  Only good Russians like Putin & the double agents who were invited 2 the Oval Office speak truth.   said so! 
<sarcasm>
Is he the guy from sex and the city?
Lol yes I believe so, but he is apparently also a renowned ballet dancer based on comments further up this thread
As a ballet obsessed teenager I loved this man, respect for him increasing 1000fold

they built walls to keep their own citizens in. we will keep illegal immigrants out. it is sad a legal immigrant can't see the difference.
Wait, I thought Russians were bad.
It’s not the ethnicity that’s important in determining moral worth.
1) Soviet Union didn't have a wall around it, DDR did.
2) Wall was to keep folks in, not out
3) MB has a pretty tall hedge around his house
The DDR = USSR’s colony. And a Wall is a Wall is a Wall. And people in houses are entitled to privacy.
People in polities are entitle to say who gets to join that polity thru migration.
Did he have 1,000,000 pounds of fentinyl coming in monthly?
It's easy for rich celebrities to bash the POTUS. In reality it's just virtue signaling. What's seems hard for these folks is PATRIOTISM!
Thanks to the liberals,  conservatives cannot speak at all.
The difference is that the Soviets built a wall to keep the people in not out.  HUGE!
I was in St Petersburg 1995 as 50 years of peace was celebrated.
It was magic to see American, French, Russian and German veterans in uniform celebrating together. American warships with flags flying on the Neva.
It's all over now, a dark dark sky, no white nights.
Why don’t you go back Mikhail, and send us a letter letting us know how similar it is. Typical out of touch Hollywood liberal.
It's heartbreaking.
Coming from Ana Navarro, it's as if she forgot that the name calling & insults R dem/lib language toward anyone disagreeing w/them.
irrational Russophobia is hallmark of anti-Trump crusaders and promoted by CNN. 

Even ProPublica seeks informers on "Russian influence".
It’s not an ethnic hatred. It is based on a knowledge of what a dictator is doing in his country and working to achieve on the world stage.
The Walls he mentions were to keep people in, prevent them from leaving, not to prevent illegals from entering. #disingenuous
Unfortunately we both have maladjusted leaders! Russia with Putin and us with this spoil brat Donald Trump!
Threats evolve in the world . A porous boarder can no longer be tolerated . Rule of law must be kept for a secure nation . Ticket to Russia?
What is he referring to?  Not clear.
It does.
Sad
I weep... for all of us. Mr. Baryshnikov has always been an outstanding advocate for the freedoms our country afforded him. Bravo, sir.
Oh pleeze...lugubrious winging drivel.
MoveOn = propaganda arm of Nazi/Marxist George Soros. Why not bring up "The 45 Stated Goals of Communism in America" HAPPENING NOW?
All of us former Eastern Europeans are incredulous, disgusted, shocked and up in arms because we know.
TRUTH!
Thank you.
I am sick to my stomach over 45s despicable behavior. 45 is the lowest of the low.
White Knights II, where Baryshnikov tries to get back into Germany.
Baryshnikov and Joe Pesci are neighbors and golf buddies.  If you didn't already know.
@spokanetom Trump may have to build his wall to keep his supporters in after he gets done.
Mexico doesn't want them and there's been no clamoring from Canada to welcome the #TrumpFlakes either but Barbuda will take them all.
I would say they would be happy in Fascist Paragauy. They still use nazi helmets.
My friend danced as a soloist in his dance troup in NY.
Shawn Black
Uh oh. Ana is sharing MoveOn memes! Welcome to the right side.
So sorry it has come to this. DJT will not be re-elected. We will get back our country. Be patient.
Ana, you can take yourself to Europe. They have no walls.
Wow!!
(false)Patriotism is the last refuge of the scoundrel(Dr Johnson) Lots of flag-bearers in Hitler's Germany. Many hanged later at Nüremberg.
He's referring to the hateful rhetoric from the left like CNN, MSNBC, etc. Ana.
This has been circulating for OVER A YEAR! He said this long before the election. He saw it coming, warned us .... but ... emails ......
Speeches..from Goldman Sachs...
Did I  hear somebody in the administration worked there, maybe was the COO b4 resigning to work for Trump
Yes. Russia's wall was built to keep people in. Ana, you are free to leave anytime you want and even with a wall no one will stop you.
And it's scary.
Of course, there will be those who will tell him to stick to dancing. Everyone has the right and responsibility to speak out. #dotard
Anna Navaro is the worst
Wow...
no it isn't!  your confusing melodrama and "poignant"
Thank you for posting it.
What rhetoric Ana? Paranoia runs amuck.
With all this soul searching in last 8 years, a lot of jobs continued to be outsourced. Places with out our freedoms booming. Need both.
The wall in the US is meant to keep out foreign enemies, not make citizens prisoners of their government. What walls did the USSR build?
Lie.  Being different isn't a crime.  You have wild imaginations. Puppy anyone?
Indeed it does....
 We will always remember the agape thrill of watching you perform.


It's incredibly telling to hear what both Baryshnikov & @Kasparov63 have to say about our current moment in AmeriKKKan history. #ThanksPutin
Rhetoric from antifa.
Except those walls in the USSR were built to keep people in, not out.  It was illegal for citizens to try to leave the USSR.
Want to bet Baryshnikov emigrated LEGALLY with all the proper paperwork and wait period? Or did he just jete over the border?
ISWYDT.
A sore loser someone who loses in fair competition but whines on a constant basis, blaming everyone around them for loss except themselves!
Please read and retweet! It's sad but true!
Speaks volume and for all of us immigrants and children of immigrants #stopjingoism
spoke to someone from russia recently who expressed confusion that americans don't "follow" their leaders outwardly and rebuke in private.
Barry is a traitor & a POS! #KARMA #unmasked #Irandeal #Benghazi #FastnFurious
He left a place where they built walls to keep people IN, completely different circumstances.
Big difference Soviet Union wouldn't let people out. People don't have a right to enter a country illegally. Countries must have borders.
I can only agree with Baryshnicov. Censorship in the US and UK are increasingly a reality. You adjust to the norm or else...
When presenting my book around the world it's clear there's more overall freedom of expression in Russia, China & Argentina than the US & UK
Great dancer, but not much of a thinker. Trump is not proposing a wall to prevent American citizens leaving.
Hypocritical to pretend that American shouldn't lock the front doors on their homes as someone might like to go through their refrigerators.
I grew up being SO PROUD that we were so much better than Russia! As a kid,we sang a jingle about Kennedy vs Khrushchev. NOW LOOK AT US!
The modern analogue would be Scrotus worshipping Putin, as he lays waste to everyone and everything else. #MuellerTime is Imperative.
You're absolutely right, as he counts his ill found monies at the expense of anyone and everyone bc he is soulless in his pursuit! #HateHim
There will be no pity, no remorse, no forgiveness - IF we manage to survive this and get him out. Let him die penniless and behind bars.
Jim, I don't believe he even deserves the goodness of dying indoors! Let him die penniless, in pain and chained to a post in harsh weather!
I remember my 9th grade world history teacher, describing Hitler's oppressed victims and plans for their revenge on him. If the shoe fits...
It's a shame but it comes to that! Ppl can only take so much!It's clear he genuinely wants to model after Putin! He'd love to run same way
No doubt.  Dictator wannabe, will kill millions of people if he is not stopped. All just a game - name-calling contest with nKorea is proof.
Exactly! If you're a Trump supporter you get attacked and beat by the "resistance" so thank you for pointing this out
So sad.
Reminds of the photo of Trump in the Oval w/ those Russian spies. Their red gleeful faces-all of them. Like celebrating a successful coup.
Great perspective. Are we so foolish to think it can't come to this here?
Lol. They had walls to keep people IN. Their people were not allowed to see the world. The US is just trying to keep INVADERS out. #ffs
The bigger question is, why do YOU WANT America to be invaded?
Martina Navratilova said something very similar on Irish TV last week! :)
Walls in the USSR kept people from escaping, not entering illegally. That's a big difference. It's poignant and sad that people miss it.
Also left a place where you were beaten up or taken to jail for having a different opinion.  Feels like we are close to that state now
Soviets built walls to keep the population in! Cos people wanted leave hell hole! US is exact opposite! its so good people want to flood in.

"I need to escape the US". Where exactly would you go that would welcome you & fully embrace you as a citizen, no questions asked?
Right to say or post or protest any of the ridiculousness you do right now. The left has seriously gone delusional. The person who wrote...
Honestly. You'd think we were living under a Socialist or Communist Regime. Take a step back folks. If we were, you wouldn't have the...
Walls can protect as much as they can imprison. China's great wall for example. What if Poland had a great wall before 1939? Think about it!
Trumps & White Supremist friends rhetoric same as Hilter and Radical Islamists. almost word for word, easy to evidence
Oh piss off. Comparing USA to USSR is total horseshit.
Wow,  powerful stuff!  Retwtd
He was brilliant. I loved to watch him dance. His concern is legitimate and disconcerting.
I remember him from sex in the city,he speaks truth! This is not our America 
Remember White Nights? Show that to Trump supporters.
I grew up with such a crush on Baryshnikov. Can still remember watching him clear the stage in one diagonal leap and land flatfooted.
I was a ballet student for years growing up & did exercises til 40s. I had a crush on him, too.
Sad. But true.
nothing is given, real democracy is work
He is here legally.
It's not a crime to be different. It's a crime when you break laws.

THOSE WALLS WERE TO KEEP PEOPLE "IN" YOU PIROUETTING MORON, NOT OUT. WORST ANALOGY OF ALL TIME!!
As my family made a similar decision a generation earlier this really resonates with me-but it should even if yours sailed on the Mayflower.
The walls the Soviets built were to keep people IN.         So, bullshit.
he's right: PC police enforcing newspeak, getting punished for different views, witchhunts for wrongthinkers, setting limits on free speech
!!!!!!!!!
He came him 2 escape Communism & was given asylum.Pple in USSR had no freedom/rights.This country is nothing like USSR and he knows it!
Do you still call yourself a Republican when the head off that party is Donald Trump?
I know the spot where he evaded his handlers. I walk past it frequently. He should have defected to Canada.
Logical end of 40 yrs of Repub politics of hate/fear/division.
Msg aside, still sexy as f
That he fails to comprehend the difference is truly sad ...
#ccot
The only Balarine who could do point on Tennis shoes.
And frightening and heartbreaking and scary and real
Thank you Ana for the words from someone who knows. I was lucky enough to see Mikhail dance before his retirement. One of my Life Memories.
Lovely
. @realDonaldTrump you are an embarrassment to the world.
#ThanksTrump
Pathetic is more like it. Lewis Black nailed it  We r the country that figured out how to make healthcare a goldmine (for corruption.)
They built walls to keep people IN. Big difference.
Thanks Mischance
Thanks for sharing it.
FOR POWER NOW, 2 GIVE THEM A CHANCE 2 MAKE AMERICA MORE LIKE RUSSIA IN OTHER WORDS A PLACE WHERE AUTHORITARIAN RULE IS IN W/THEM IN POWER
The real enemies r d Repbafoons who would denie their fellow man access 2 HealthCare d same who would sell out 2 Russian interference inElec
I have always loved him...
It is sadly true.
Please guys save the #ADA
#ADA
Congress Makes Progress in Destroying the Americans With Disabilities Act
Even if Trump and Trumpers read it, they are just too stupid to understand it.
Jesus. Except for the small fact that the walls in the old Soviet Union were to keep people IN. Are people really this stupid?
He can always return if he likes.  Don't let the door hit him on the ass on the way out.
Thanks for sharing Ana, I agree with Mikhail Baryshnikov!
Experience speaks!
Very powerful words! And our "elected" officials dismiss them as "liberal b.s." , or "fake news". #WakeUpSheeple.
u need to switch parties Ana..
Ditto
And a reminder that many Americans-By-Choice are far more worthy of the name than those Americans-By-Birth who want to keep them out.
He was and is magnificent. These words truly frighten me. Why don't so many see this? They are blinded by the religious state they desire.
Walls of yesterday were meant to divide people. Walls today are meant to protect. Times change!
This is not the country many of us thought we knew, even those of us who grew up here.
Build WalMarts not walls.
Four decades ago we had 125 million less people let's be realistic
Michael Jordan said "I wish I could jump like baryisnhikov"
That's true but not everyone is that way.  People need an open mind.  Not everyone wants to kill us!!
Somebody better say "NYET!" to little Donnie
Pipe down, commies.
That's  bolshoi
You need to open your ears. Nonsense. Build the Wall to keep people out, not in.
I love this!!
It's not a crime to be different. It's a crime to enter illegally. And the Soviet Union fought to keep people IN.
Thank you
There will never be another Baryshnikov-poetry in fluid motion.  It's a sin that he nows sees American turning into what he so bravely fled.
He's a beautiful man. Seen him dance in the 70's.
Folks might want to listen to Baryshnikov. Trump reminds me, too, on what we used to read coming out of Russia of Baryshnikov's youth.
For a second, I thought this was a pic of Pat Riley. I was real confused...
Well sir you can always go back home
Doesn't need much reflection since it should be ingrained in every citizen. This is why we need 2 educate the millennials...they're clueless
God bless him and profound point!
What a legend, such a sad statement, but unfortunately true. Met him in London this May and we talked about art, memories, meetings,history.
Thank you so much for sharing your story. I wish more people understood this fight.
Amen
Nothing sad about it...we have legal immigration opportunity for all. We are the most welcoming nation on earth.
I know it which is why I am relentless in trying to support Mueller and educating people who don't remember the Cold War.
He is a work of art.
Unlike the Soviet Union, #Baryshnikov has the right to leave, and he can give the Soviet Union the taxes he would have paid. #Hypocrite
Only the ppl who use the political machine will be able to elect new individuals who BELIEVE in 
2018 and 2020
F....ing Well Said !!!
.@GOP is your party.  They and you are the reason we are at this point.  Thy protest cometh late.
Well maybe it's time he goes back if it seems so bad #itsprettygreat here
yes, we all listen to actors and dancers now. we are blessed for his opinion where its safe to be able to express it. Sheesh
This is nonsense. The U.S. is nothing like Russia. NOTHING.
#LeaveMikhail
Yeah...uh...the Soviet walls were to forcibly keep people in.
There are so many of us tht came 2 a "Free America" bcause we didnt want 2 live in fear. We kno how fear feels & fact = we feel fear again
Saw ABT at Gusman Hall in Miami when he was director.  Had absolutely no interest in ballet..my wife made me go. Godenov also performed and
watching two geniuses was inspiring
I remember him and Gregory Hines dancing together in the movie White Nights. Two of the world's best dancers together! FANTISTIC!
Big diff is those walls were to keep the citizen in. This one would be to keep others out.
And he would know..
Wo
Some people build walls, others open doors. @SongsofJBrowne
Walls in the S.U. were to keep oppressed people IN...walls in the U.S. are to keep non-citizens OUT....that is a difference worth mentioning
Good god, to have a hero of ballet say this is like you said POIGNANT!??
My life-long Republican Cuban father says that no one had ever reminded him of Castro more that Trump, except with much less intelligence.
Trump's U.S. is a sad and dangerous place to live. We have become a dictatorship instead of a republic.
I agree so sad wat is happening in US ATM
I'm very sad but grateful for this
It's not a crime to be different in the US.
Always a big fan. Amazing talent. Now a bigger fan of your words. Thank you

You're right. It is scary being a conservative
He knows what he is talking about.
How convenient! You should apply this argument to your socialist agenda.
Not just rhetoric, it's almost similar to Putinist oligarchy with chief at the top, surrounded by sychophants and a rubber stamp congress.
