Category 5 Hurricane #Irma closing in on the Leeward Islands with sustained 185 mph winds. Catastrophic damage expected along its path. 
In case you're wondering why Irma is so terrifying...For scale the smaller storm is hurricane Andrew:
Andrew devastated Florida & changed hurricane prep forever.

Irma's destructive potential is FIVE TIMES larger.
Welcome to the end of the last mini ice age I for one am thankful our long over due winter has not come to pass... #perspective
This is propaganda.
Yet you probably drive a gas car
I ride a motorcycle, shitbird.
Lol, still no one took it serious now we are paying for it.
@KimKardashian @MichaelRLowry.
It is time to say every  20,0000 years the weather repeats
Yep
And it will keep changing we did have an ice age and these aren't the 1st or the worst, so nots get silly about it. 
Okay im just slowly coming to realize that you have no interest in seeing another person's point of view
When it makes common sense
..in the conservative mind this is a rebuilding opportunity.. Not climate change
Everything changes, not just the climate
Amazing now Cat 2
Sorry, Mike. We weren't measuring storms 500 years ago. Just more thoughtless hype.
The climate always has been and always will change whether man is here or not.

We could not agree more!
And another two weeks later? Not a coincidence-global warming. Pay some fucking attention. It's almost too late to make it better. #Woke
When those storms are stronger and longer duration, it's time to pay attention to science.
It's not global warming it's God's warning
I agree!
Or that we can't predict 500 year cycles when we've only been keeping data fit a little over a hundred.  But please, continue...
So true! We all need to fight #ClimateChange: we can #plantatree #recycle #eatlessmeat #carshare & use energy saving bulbs! #Sustainability
Climate Change is a lie & even #JFK once said it when he had a Weather Modification speech in 1963
Why do u think the Miami U. football team has been nicknamed the HURRICANES since 1926? @PoliticalKathy @audralaray @IsabelleAliciaa @MSNBC
The climate changes daily; nobody denies that.  Irma was 7th most powerful in US history.  10,000 died in Galveston hurricane of 1900.  Man?
It's obviously God trying to put out the fires on West coast while also preventing draughts. God is efficient.
Or that HAARP is causing it!
Absolutely it's cold geoengineering
Sorry, you lied. Irma was the 7th strongest storm to hit the US.
The climate has changed? Well duh...how about let's point out a bigger observation... the Lords coming back soon.
Stop driving your car and buying phones and laptops and all that other shit with plastic if your so concerned about climate change
Two storms neither deny or confirm climate change. You are a joke.
LoL, your a joke. It's a Cat 2
Yuk, yuk;  probably the same reason we haven't had a major hurricane since 2005 until now.
Ha!  Did u forget about Hurricane Sandy 2012; and Matthew last year?  Check the dollar amount of damage they caused.
2005 since last major (Cat 3 or greater hurricane).  Fact.   Not about dollars in damage.
I thought Matthew initally hit as a 4.  Maybe hit US less than... same with sandy - hit cuba as a 3.
Climate change is an ongoing thing for billions of years so let's not over blow this after years of mild hurricane seasons
W/ #climate lag, @Mikel_Jollett @BGPInc @MichaelRLowry, it's 25-50yrs too late…or, #Occupy kool aid we've been drinking: #CapitalismFail./?
That looks terrifying!! Wouldn't want to be caught up in theat! Oh hell NO!!! 
There's no doubt. There are still naysayers out there SMH. I'm not just worried about people in the Artic & Antarctica but all animals.
My god god help them 
i dont think hurricane categories were even a thing in the 1500's :-\
This is so scary 
Except there were zero hurricanes for a couple years......
People aren't denying that the climate is changing.
As long as oil companies are paying them the big bucks, they won't.
or maybe it's just nature ...... smh...
And,the EPA is empty with lots of empty seats - much like our problem in the American Virgin Islands,no embassy, no appointments #RussiaGate
Workers @EPA rush to secure Superfund sites ahead of Irma, but storm surge could wash toxic waste into water supply. http://apne.ws/3Cx8MsM 
Of course it's revelation
Keeping your head stuck in the sand won't alter the direction of change! Winds of change are blowing!
Pure and simple.. End Times! Pure Bible...there are fires in the North and Earthquakes to the South.. Hurricanes to the East.. best we pray!
Time 2 acknowledge God is speaking 2 us and He is angry Job 37, Amos 4:6-8
"once every 500 years." You're not very intelligent. 
http://www.businessinsider.com/strongest-atlantic-hurricanes-wind-speed-allen-irma-wilma-2017-9/?r=AU&IR=T/#hurricane-allen-1980-190-mph-10 …
FYI. #IPCCAR5 #flooding  #hurricanes #climatechange
No, Sweet Cakes it is time to acknowledge the coming of Yahshua Ha'Mashiach!
And Jose (cat 4) and the other right behind this...
1 in 676000000 chance. I like those odds
and the cuts to #FEMA....
Big hurricanes are new.
And only the Lord knows all the ones that were never recorded.
Hi, I'm from LA and I'm standing in the exact center of the cultural zeitgeist thinking I'm original w/ my gazillion RTs.
Do you know the meaning of "500 year storm"? Hint: it's an insurance industry term.
No, it's Obama's fault.
Mikel Jollett, Probably what they thought in Pompey too!!
And a once in 100 years earthquake off the coast of Mexico- is that related to climate change too or was the Mayan calendar off by 5 years?
Learned that "1 in 500" is insurance lingo 4 chance of hurricane that strong happening (not 1 in 500 yrs). But still. #ClimateChangeIsReal
But wait... I thought climate change wasn't a thing?!! #cantheidiotsseeitnow 
Make that 3
It's god way of cleaning Red states off the map , Harvey flood , Irma Flood what's next the Jesus flood
Just as soon as the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation admits #WeatherModification has been ongoing for decades.

Who's 1st
Yeah, hurricanes are such a rarity. Man glad Fall is around the corner, it was rough this summer with all those 120 degree days! - Not
When you have actual real data that shows hurricanes have been declining for decades, it makes Ignorant Climartard Hysterics vewy, vewy, sad
What were you saying during the 12 years without any hurricanes? Attributing the first storm in 12 years to humans is idiocy.
You're ignorant about how flood ratings work. There isn't some buildup of luck over time. There's no increase in hurricane activity
No calm down
Ok but next to every scientist says that it hasn't this rapidly or in this manner before. Whether your opinion changes to align with...
Theirs or not, we should be respecting our environment to try and preserve it as close to as our ancestors had it for thousands of years...
Text me rather than public forum. Idk if you thought this was a direct message or not but a lot of people can see this
The climate always changes.. Kansas used to be under an ocean
Climate change stupidity!
It's an expression, also the reason for the ""

Or the end of the world, take your pick!
Global warming was a miscue for taxation purposes because it was false and easily exposed, had to change the narrative to climate change
It's not controllable by man, it's a natural cycle, inhale/exhale, don't mistake a Progressive taxation scheme for man made climate change
You have no clue about hurricane history do you?
Residents of Jupiter really need to accept climate change is happening
Or mabey it's time to crack a BIBLE and read some start with Luck 21  25-26.  Just checking out some other things in the NEW TESTAMT
Records are made to be broken. Blame it on anything you want how about  blame trump for it also.
cli·mate-ˈklīmit/Submit-noun-the weather conditions prevailing in an area in general or over a long period. That's longer than 2 storms.
That is FAKE NEWS sir
Fighting imaginary enemies? No one denies climate change, the reason and needed reaction is the only question.
Or you might want to think that God is trying to send a message!  I tend to think that way.
Neither is even a once in a century storm. Irma will be strongest to hit the USA since 1935. Stop lying.
But  @Mikel_Jollett ... the snow ball... look at the snow ball...  #stopdenyingclimatechanged
Acknowledge that you need an education.
Hasn't earth's climate changed numerous times over millions upon millions of years?!?
Climate change is real, but this tweet has clickbait written all over it.
Like anyone pushing an agenda you cling to 1 piece of evidence and ignore the whole body of evidence.
Go vegan! Raising animals for food produces more greenhouse gas emissimons than any and all forms of transportation combined.+Cruelty free!
Its time to accept HAARP as being more teal then we want to believe.
Maybe all these cell phone towers (radiation) all over the world has something to do with it?? Ya think???
Bullshit! Stop the lies!
I want a montage of politicians saying 'you can't call one crazy storm climate change', for the last 25 storms.
Worthless crap. http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/pastdec.shtml 
btw...Jose is next. like pearls falling off a string...
The climate has been changing for about 4.5 billion years. And there haven't been 2 "once every 500 years" storms in the same week.
Honeybuns, I'm afraid that's not really how science, statistics, or math work.
Only idiots, the uneducated, and unbelievably stupid presidents of the USA would deny climate change!
Where's all this seeding malarky that can help eliminate clouds etc?
All about the neutral El Niño this year, or moving slightly towards La Niña. Last time this happened was 05' when Katrina and Wilma hit....
Isn't El Niño Fernando Torres?
Why they all got really nice names call a hurricane fuck machine 5.0 an people will leave
Thank you for not making this a religious thing.
Shut up pussy, go help some people instead of crying like a baby in Twitter
Not "changed" ... DISRUPTED!!!
Don't tell me what to do.
@MichaelRLowry Hey @realDonaldTrump - Maybe you should actually listen to science at some point? #ClimateChange #StopDenying
If these types of Storms happened 500 Years ago, as you suggested, is our Climate reverting back to those times? I guess its a normal cycle.
By your friends the Globalist!
The CLIMATE IS BEING MANIPULATED LIKE MANY OTHER THINGS!
No such thing had climate change 
And God don't like ugly..and we are being very ugly human beings..hate is not how it supposed to be...
Only two? Jose and Katia are following but of course Climate Change doesn't exist. Really?
Yeah, um “once every 500 years" is not what a 500 year storm means.
strongest storm in 10 years.  How did you get 50p?
500
I have crazy family near Miami that won't leave. I don't understand this.

Kim Kardashian posts nude photo on Instagram https://susanorji.blog/2017/09/08/kim-kardashian-posts-nude-photo-on-instagram/ … via @wordpressdotcom
Everyone needs to wake tfu and start making changes or were screwed
Yeah, but what about that snowball @JimInhofe cleverly brought to the Senate floor? Surely that must trump two 500-year storms
Of course climate has changed. It has changed throughout the history of the world. Ice ages, floods. More land exits now than ever.
Climate change happens. Naturally and non
How do you explain 9000+ days since the last major hurricane to make landfall on the US. everywhere else must have taken the brunt.
No I don't. If anything I'll just acknowledge that La Niña exists.
check the years with highest accumulated cyclone energy, most hurricanes and most major hurricanes since 1851. 2 storms do not make a trend.
I am no scientist but pretty sure global warming is also responsible for cromartie having 3 kids post vasectomy ;)
Katrina and Rita were pretty bad. Same year
Yeah, cause that's never happened before.... smh
Hurricanes aren't independent trials. Seasonal conditions sufficient for one 500-year storm are likely to produce another.
In fact, now that we've had two 500-year storms, the odds are very high for a third.
Like it's been doing for the last 5000 yrs?
True that, niece.
It's either global warming, or a hell mouth has opened and we need to call the Winchester boys to save us 
So true!
NO one is doubting climate change. The doubt is that it's man-made. Stay focused.
That's why they are once in every 500 years. Do your research and read before you post ignorance and spread it as gospel.
Yeah, large parts of the world already fucked but hey, this is murica, It's you now, the main culprits.
https://youtu.be/MPYvpJpYxMw 
Nah, it'll be 1000 years till the next one obviously.
And another one right behind it
The climate change deniers will be sticking to their guns when the water is several feet above their heads.
Following the nutjob GOP analogy of natural disasters, I have to say it's God's punishment for electing Donald Trump...
Climate change? Preposterous! There's no such thing.
And atoms are held together by love.
I think the eclipse had a hand in this also.
Yes, and I'm in the path of Irma. Waiting on evac notice right now.
Sadly, we have people who aren't even acknowledging that the hurricane exists. I'm looking at you Rush
@LCTrackRunner https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_cooling …

This was just 40 years ago, you mean to tell me this has swapped that quick. Another agenda to push.
Oh it's real. However the Jacksss's in power see nothing until it's blows them off the map.
No it means it is over so we are good for another 500 years but get prepared for the next ice age
There have been a dozen of these over 30 years... climate always changes...  everyone agrees... So what is your point
@RyanMaue PhD Meteorologist #RealScientist
More like once every ten years tbh

Kim and Kanye's surrogate is a fit married mom in her 20s https://susanorji.blog/2017/09/07/kim-and-kanyes-surrogate-is-a-fit-married-mom-in-her-20s/ … via @wordpressdotcom
Doh!!    It got warmer this afternoon , climate changed
The argument isn't that the climate isn't changing it's that humans didn't do it and it would've changed anyway.
What more evidence of climate change does there need to be to get the deniers on board.
....so, God did this not global warming.
And this is why people don't take you seriously about climate change
They were not tracking hurricanes 500 years ago. You are making this up with no scientific observation. You prove nothing - Nada...
How, last one was for last 500, this is for the next 500,  you'll be fine now for 499 years. Just happened to be 2 weeks apart
That makes zero sense.
Why
Because if the ocean waters stay warmer than normal, we will continue to have these mega storms. There's 2 more storms out there right now.
My comment was tongue in cheek. I don't however believe these ridiculous 1 every 500 year statements.
Gotcha. Sometimes Twitter needs a sarcasm font. Although Harvey is the worst natural rain disaster ever. Can't write that off.
Without doubt. We get 100mph winds here in Scotland a lot of the winter but that was terrible last week.
I'm a little sensitive after just making it through Harvey here in Houston, too. 
Yup and San Francisco just had their hottest day on record - while much of the west is currently on fire!
Wow!!!  It's a scary thing...
Oh to be so young and naive again...
'Once every 500 years' storms. Lol.  God some ppl are imbeciles.
Or the next 1000 years are looking pretty sweet, weather wise!

hurricane
HAARP
OMG!!!!!
Its a hoax.. right Donald?
Absolutely and we have to prepare for them better than we ever have had to before and get better and better resilience
Hope this tweet isn't Sometime Around Midnight...
Nobody is denying climate change, the climate has been changing since planet Earth was a ball of fumes
Why didn't you respond?
Climate change is real! Been happening for 100k's of years. Even before NOAA, meteorological scientists and even before @Mikel_Jollett !
Who was the dude that said we should start naming hurricanes after climate change deniers? That dude a genius
Biblical
@LeayerCake
Where were you in 1900, 1935, 2005, 2006
Or you could do what the evangelicals always do and blame them on the gays.
And it's the third 500 years storm within 10 years! recognize this shit is no joke.
It's wild man. I pray for the world.
I don't remember having three hurricanes spining at the same time.
