Can you give me a time in Earths history when there was no climate change? #NaturalCycles
This chart about the rate of climate change over last 22,000 years is very helpful to put this stuff in perspective. https://m.xkcd.com/1732/ 
A chart of suppositions made by 21st century humans over the last 22,000 years. Well intentioned maybe, but far from #ScientificFact
Not suppositions. Measurements from ice core and other data. The papers are cited right on the chart. Literally #ScientificFact.
#Supposition Were you there in that time on the ground with 21st century instruments? No? Sorry, we don't know then. It's a guess. #Belief
Alright-so you don't believe in climate change despite all the evidence. So can I make the #supposition that you think pollution is okay?
Do you think burning coal, letting companies dump toxic waste into rivers, allowing pesticides that are poisonous back into use is good?
Not a chance. Pollution is bad, who wants to live in a Beijing? We can't take historical supposition as empirical evidence. We weren't there
There is no doubt that warmer oceans intensify hurricanes: the thermodynamics of that piece is straightforward.
Sad http://www.limbaughlooper2016.com/president-trump---you-made-some-terrible-cabinet-choices.html … http://www.limbaughlooper2016.com/environment.html …
And also having his head in his ass.
Of all the blithering idiots in this administration (using term loosely),this guy really takes the cake. Namecalling won't even cover it
Why talk about it when it doesn't exist?  Please know I'm being sarcastic.
A****** needs some kind of brain surgery he's not wired up right, he's sick.
Just like most of Trumps cabinet picks
And all of Trumps family
Pruitt is a disgrace.
Idiot
In the perpetuated debate, they win
He's certainly about the worst person FOR Earth.
Earth is just doing fine, doing what is supposed to do. The people are fucked. @EPAScottPruitt is like havin Josef Mengele in charge of HHS
He mandated that all ref to climate change be removed. Forbids using the words "climate change" in any communication.
Time for a mass mailing -- we all send postcards to Scott Pruitt just saying "CLIMATE CHANGE."    Bury the office in the words he so fears.
The Ignorance US IS Showing surpassed Reckless this past summer when Trump told the world He doesNt Have A Clue & This Proves IT
KOCH SUCKER!
I don't understand how this is being allowed to happen!  How can this be stopped?? This is the US after all!!!
Climate Change !!!!!!!!
Out. Out,Out!! Do u see all these Floods and hurricanes? What in the Hell is wrong with you??????
So there will never be a 'right time' for him to deal with it...not even when he's totally under water.
Ass! Deny all you want, but the climate is changing.
Putin doesn't want us to go w/renewable energy. He needs technology re: fracking for oil $$$ trillions $$$
Right, @realDonaldTrump ?
He would have no idea what to say. Kind of like Mnuchin trying to defend Trump idiocracy. They are all just temporary jobs anyway.
Koch wants to eliminate the EPA altogether.  Looks like he's getting his way.  Stop Koch from buying government & we'll have peace again.
Fire Him!
Why are AG's all over the country not suing the EPA for criminal neglect?   Just wondering.
Hey if Pruitt admits there is a wrong time, we can nail him down on a right time? Like 2 days after a hurricane passes over miami?
this guy is so unfit for the office he holds, his closed mind policies will line the pockets of the rich and help kill the planet
Where does he reside? That will be the next natural disaster!
Fact is that environmentally active measures needed to be globally instituted at the latest in the 50's to have any hope of effectivness.
"Climate change? I'm sorry, Trump will not allow me to go there!"
Ignorance is not an excuse when it's right in front of them how much damage before they believe
The decision to ignore the science of climate change in favor of business & money will not be viewed kindly in history.
Trump picks wise men like himself...
Neither is Rick Scott. Figure that 1 out. Maybe he will get hit in the head with the NEXT hurricane Jose. Call it wind and rain only. Sadman
Then what environment is he protecting?!
Pruitt is a shortsighted, greedy flunky for Koch brothers and oil companies. The only thing he protects is corporate interests.
Russia planned to give $4 million to Trump upfront for nothing. On same side as Trump w climate change denial.
I am appalled at his ignorance.  I am truly astounded by the current administration's position on science.  Unbelievable.
He will be gone soon
Except it's exactly right now.
Follow the #kochbrothers money trail
What an embarrassment to the U.S. that we have given  such jackass people so much power as they destroy this once great nation.
Surely a creative lawyer can arrange a spot in a jail for treason.
Kinda like gun advocates after mass shootings!
Too bad the Earth can't sue for damages.
Talk about a stupid article ...
Yet another  in the  administration
It's hard to understand something when your paycheck depends on you not understanding it.
Can we impeach him?
Meet Scott.
Also numerous enviro stories reported at @DCReportMedia tell the real story of Pruitt’s GUTTING of the EPA. Koch Bro’s/Trump agenda
These people LOVE crap like Las Vegas and HATE the scientific method. Fuck them all.
Climate alteration , perhaps?
This is our EPA 
Stick his a$$ down here in Fla with Irma
No need a climate nazi
This behavior is fuckin criminal #ClimateChangeIsReal #firepruitt #impeachTrumpnow
A true apostate of Satan; he will die to protect the oil industry
Trump/#GOP => putting #NationAtRisk
I'd also say no chemical too dangerous for peeps & oil & gas companies over environment
HOPE HE FEELS THE AFFECTS OF 
CLIMATE CHANGE REAL SOON
Same schtick as the @NRA's: It's NEVER time to talk about climate change.
Ignorants , and stupidity, at level beyond comprehension
I'm sure each Cabinet Member got their own personalized oath to swear to him.
So that may just change.
Not talking about climate change is a political choice.
