I believe the Judiciary Committee should investigate all issues that raise a question of obstruction of justice. https://www.feinstein.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?id=739AD77B-E3E8-443A-A3A2-EC34AC09D819 …
open your eyes comey helped hillary obama to coverup murders, crimes child trafficking child rapes
I think the child trafficking is a rich old man's game.  Mercer, Koch, trump, Epstein, McConnell
No, Mercer is into building language models for democracy-hacking chat bots.
true the children are just a hobby.  No  in it
Total agreement, the US public deserves to not each day wake in fear regarding their elected officials. Please continue investigating for 
I want answers for why @SenFeinstein is the voice of the Dem party? Also why was there obstruction in regards to @HillaryClinton emails?
Feinstein is ranking Den on Senate Judiciary Committee. She speaks from that position.
Yeah I know. My point is she's a bad person to have representation from.
Bad person?  What makes Diane Feinstein a bad person?? Are you a walking saint? Do you walk on water? Get off your high horse!
I don't like her stances on a number of issues. The fact that she's leading the Dem party should be a question for all of you.
So, be specific! So far, you made a vague character attack. What are your objections to this ethical woman who has represented Dems well??
She's feeding into this whole obstruction thing when there's nothing there to begin with. Instead of focusing on real things voters care abt
Feeding in? #POTUS pressured FBI director to drop an investigation. Many Americans like me do care about it. U don't speak 4 all of us!
and illegal loans through deutschebank
trump-linked-to-russian-money-laundering-scam
yes we do, the traitor are hillary,obama, rice,lynch comey,they have done treason against trump/america
"all matters of obstruction", meaning Loretta Lynch's blatant obstruction as described J. Edgar Comey.
We're of course going to investigate Lynch, Comey and Obama's interference in ensuring Hillary is Prez, right? And the corruption as SOS?
No proof of Trump Russian involvement. No proof of Gen. Flynn yet, cart before the horse don't you think?
can't bring himself to say Loretta Lynch and Bill Clinton and HRC obstructed justice and should B investigated. #DemHipocrite
The country needs help and you can only focus on this BS. What a clown.
Total bull shit. A complete waste of time and money. Start doing the people's business
You ppl owe our POTUS respect I am sick of u Dimms whining & lying we the ppl R watching any colluding going on look at ure party 
Nope, we don't. Respect must be *earned*.
How can he earn respect? Got to give him a chance he already has done more for the Amercians than any President
How much he has done for Americans is debatable, but Step #1 in earning respect is to treat others as you wish to be treated.
Would be nice if the two of you & the rest of the Dems stopped chasing BS & started working REAL issues for Americans. #termlimits
They have 'term limits', they're called elections.  Term limits just open the door for lobbyists to write bills instead of representatives.
Lobbyists already write the bills silly person
And you think less of them will write bills when we have inexperienced politicians?
You aren't seeking answers for the american people bcz you work for those who own you, not the people, crooks

You are a horrible senator. What do you do for your state? Chase fake scandals at committee?
Did either of you give a damn about the deaths brought about by obama and his goons? Hypocrites and liars.
The American people deserve FACTUAL answers, not just the answers crafted to advance Democrat agendas.
Why weren't you zealous like this in reaction to Hillary's bathroom server and international influence peddling?
TRUMP TOLD COMEY go find anyone in my CAMPAIGN WHO MIGHT BE COLLUDING WITH RUSSIANS SO WHEREs OBSTRUCTION Comey was screwing around too long
thank u Senators. Trump admits he can't follow rules.Ryan calls him new but manners r manners unless u have NONE
Thank u Send Leahy n Send Feistein
Trump's firing of COMEY could NOT INTERFERE with investigation of TRUMP BECAUSE there was NO INVESTIGATION OF TRUMP BY THE FBI..
Problem with Feinstein statement TRUMP WAS NEVER UNDER INVESTIGATION so FIRING COMEY for playing around is TOTALLY ACCEPTABLE & JUSTIFIABLE
Americans deserve answers what the HELL was AG Lynch was doing on TARMAC talking Slick Willie while investagating Hillary?WTF
Why haven't you investigated Feinstein husband's government purchases?
Including those that relate to the Obama administration?
Stop wastingour damn money on bullchit
We need the prosecution of Susan Rice & Loretta Lynch. Why are you ignoring their crimes?
Well shut the Senate down until you get answers,Make Trump swear under oath.
PLEASE OPEN YOUR EYES@ Am.ppl think you guys are out for Trumps Juggler.We want Ins. Jobs,lower taxes and live free from Terrorists!
I disagree.  As one of the "American People"  i dont care anymore. Im tired of hearing about it.  Just start moving this country forward.
Make sure that you also investigate leaker Comey, former AG Lynch, the Clintons & Obama!
We already got the answers...Stop wasting our time and money.
I have had it with all the assholes in  Washington DC. President Trump has not done any wrong what so ever.
Why? to keep uncovering even more collusion between democrats, msm, and the intelligence community? Ur party is in shambles due to it all.
Tired of your partisan crap.  How about you focus on Lynch and Clinton?
We the people have the right to know. Besides, after 33 hearings over 4 years, Benghazi was one of the longest, costliest ($7M)
2) & most partisan congressional investigations ever, and it was all for not except for GOP GRANDSTANDING and to drag their grieving
3) families through hell. It was a politicised on a grand scale. The Americans who died at Benghazi knew they were serving their
4) country in a predictably dangerous fashion and they did it anyway just as many Americans would.
Oh, that's right, you love him again.
You Democrats are a joke. Why don't you worry about America 1st instead of your political agenda. Investigate Leaking, Lying Comey
Good luck getting "pull-the-plug-on-grandma" Grassley to do anything about this at all.
This is an issue
Irrelevant to party standing.
It is a fight to save our democracy.
Liberal & conservatives
Should work together
To save USA
yes, included in this investigation should be L.Lynch's obstruction directive to Comey, to call the Hillary 'investigation' a 'matter'.
As an American citizen I believe this is a waste of time & believe you are doing all you can to hurt this POTUS
thank you for trying to find out the truth. I have been in despair about America but you are rescuing us.
Why didn't you press for independent counsel for any investigations during Obama administration? You like Feinstein are political hacks
I couldn't agree more........ with term limits.
this is another dim fairytale that's going nowhere. SMH
Have Americans been provided answers for  Hilary Clinton's emails etc....???
@SenateMajLdr @SenSchumer Sen Judiciary agree to do investigation conditionally; if there is no crime; Both resign for harm done to nation.
If no Crime, Dems need to step up & take on consequences for damage being done to the nations unity. Stop theater, put up or shut up.
--Thank you. And me too. Answers are required, deep, comprehensive, and 100%.
Hell yeah!!!  #DrainTheSwamp American politics is so much more exciting to watch than any playoff games or blockbuster movies these days
Dems remind me of Dorey in Finding Nemo. "Just Keep Swimming" For those afflicted, #TrumpDerangementSyndrome, not so sure there is a cure
THANK YOU BOTH
Please make these things happen!
and Dems want to continue to waste time and money investigate Comey and Lynch for obstruction of HRC case
HOW ABOUT you do work for the COUNTRY instead of for YOUR PARTY  #LIBLEFTISLOSINGIT
OMFG your corporate democrats are  a pure joke
You are a loser.  Get over it and fix the healthcare and tax issues.  You only have your best interest in mind
All you are doing is solidifying another Trump win in 2020. Thanks!
you were quoted in a story by @CNN
IMO both of you and probably all of democratic party are traitors to the REPUBLIC
IMO both of you are tritors to the REPUBLIC
STOP investigating, wasting time and money. Reduce taxes, new health care, safe borders,  better schools...not impressed with either of you.
Enough already. Pres Trump did not collude w/the Russians  do now u r trying a different path. Stop, just stop and return to governing!!!
I could t agree more...sealed records for Randy Dame woman beater and emoyed by the State of Vt...Maria Major murderer of Linton child
and an Asian child whose parents ran Green house restaurant shot by Maria fighting with her brother Bruce over tips from Howard Johnson wait
We can research and confirm all trumps dirty dealings. We need to know what's taking this impeachmentso long? & WHERE'S Felix Sater?
Dems need to stand up with and for We The People
I'm with them!!!!
It's painful as an American to realize that the bar for "how terrible is this president" is now set at, "Yes but did he commit a FELONY?" 
"How terrible is this President?" If you are leading with that question instead of giving the President a chance, well... speaks for itself
@PalmerReport @SenFeinstein The American ppl deserve to see Trump's taxes too. Could u get those while you are investigating?
Lol
(2) obstruction in his own statement?  (2)
DT did a interview a while back,where he flat out stated he was thinking of Russia inv.,when he fired Comey.Does that not indicate (1)
Do not fear Trump. He is more afraid of you than you could ever imagined, which only partly explains his threat to Hillary Clinton.
Senators, I suggest you read @AlanDersh on the subject. The President's actions have political not legal consequences.
so when are you subpoenaing Loretta Lynch?
Agree. #WeThePeople absolutely want answers. Thank you
Answers to concocted conspiracies?  Ask a psychiatrist.
Agreed Sen. It's extremely sad & disheartening the GOP accepts this total lack of ethics, compulsive lies, & total lack of credibility
What's even more sad is that the Dems had the same leaders, lack of ethics, lies, lack of credibility amongt their ranks and still blame GOP
Thank you @SenatorLeahy & @SenFeinstein
American people are not mushrooms! 

Don't keep US in the dark & feed us BS!
@CNN @nytimes @NPR Politicians have too much free time and don't know what to do with themselves. Soon they will blame #Russian for the rain
