Weird dynamic developing: GOP Senators acting as if they’re powerless to stop secretive health care negotiations. They’re in charge! 
But that means we'd have to find 3 gop senators with balls. Those don't exist. They whine Comey didn't stand up to chump, yet............
Are there any with vaginas, then?
Use ANY method to STOP the CORRUPT GOP #FilibusterByAmendment
If I put all this in a book, it would be lambasted as unrealistic.
. @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenDeanHeller @SenCapito Do you really want to vote for the mystery bill?

New: 3 Republican governors—Kasich (OH), Sandoval (NV), and Baker (MA)—have all signed a bipartisan letter opposing Trumpcare. 
Those who would determine your destiny behind closed doors, do NOT have your best interests at heart...
Looks like Collins is one…
Where is McCain, Collins & Murkowski right now?  I thought they gave a damn about America.  The rest do not!!
Eating meatloaf and chocolate cake with Trump for a yes vote on TRUMPCARE. Congress is afraid of Trump. PARTY BEFORE COUNTRY
The Swore Allegiance ot the Orange King.
They and to. Dammit, typos will be the death of this perfectionist...
@goldengateblond @sarahkliff  I hope the American people realize this is what happens when the GOP is in charge. Immoral.
@JeffFlake @lisamurkowski COME ON!! Be on the Peoples' side on this!! #Trumpcare
if....
They are quite glad it is in the dark.
Great point. When is last time three GOP Senators stood up to McConnell? Seriously - I'm trying to remember.
Since he's been majority leader? Never.
When the Democrats stand up to Harry Reid?
If only there were three GOP senators with integrity.
The scariest thing about the @GOP is how easily they fall in line.
LOL
Does that mean @SenBobCorker will vote no if it's not made public?
If 3 GOP Senators had a brain, it wouldn't be the Party of Anencephaly.
The only conclusion is that they're afraid.
If anyone had done that in the 1st place, instead of voting on #ACA w/o reading it, folks wouldn't be facing huge premium hikes right now...
The @GOP is dead. The party of Lincoln is no more. A bunch of old, white men (for the MOST part) who want to destroy America. Sad. Very sad.
It's on the GOP if they're going 2 take healthcare away from citizens and keep it for themselves. OUR EMPLOYEES will B held accountable!
Nice use of passive voice there Bob - the route is somehow, magically "being" taken, though no one is actively taking it.
@sarahkliff next up! Secret meeting to cancel #elections and gut #voter access & watchdog groups to prevent accountability. I said it first!
Rand? Mike? Ted?
GOP: Grow a pair now!
@SenateGOP What's worse than ending Medicaid? The 13 come out of a room with 'Trump Care' bill, SHOW NO ONE, call Sen vote & ends Medicaid.
Say it loud and clear
They're obeying the Invisible Hand of the Market.

Which apparently is wrapped around their balls and threatening to pull real hard.
Remember this in 2018-vote out the GOP
Of course that want to act like that so they can put the blame on the people that think are in the safe seats.
"Everyone who does evil hates the light, and will not come into the light for fear that their deeds will be exposed" John 3:20
I don't normally quote the Bible on Twitter, but maybe it will work on the religious headbangers in the GOP (?)
They have no backbone
Ah, yes but their deplorables don't know that !
GOP hiding behind secrecy and no moral center!!
Hasn't anyone noticed that they never buck Mitch McConnell?
What does the snapping  have on his colleagues?
Please our snapping turtle, Ignatz, who tried to take a chunk from my hand this am would like McConnell characterized as some other critter
No offense to Ignatz or other real  intended. 
Ignatz says all is forgiven. He has wandered away to terrorize some mammals...,if he can find them, blind in one eye
Gutless, spineless, immoral, unethical, loathesome, deceitful cowards!!! I expect more from at least McCain & Flake.
They don't care about the America people, shows u they don't work for us but themselves. We need to send them a loud message. Don't fuck us!
#NOBALLS!! Start packing!!
@smith_lois good luck with that
Let's hope it happens. McConnell is such a snake.
Sounds too simple. Makes too much sense.
Let's see just how many times these guys will walk the plank. 2018.
Democracy gone
GOP hiding behind this "Deathcare" bill. Culpable.
@SenatorBurr and @SenatorTillis please get this bill out of the back rooms
@sarahkliff May those Senators step forward now for all of US.
Sounds like easy solution except @SenateGOP a Spineless Group including @SenJohnMcCain whose wife had job offer dangled by @realDonaldTrump
The GOP has become trumps mini Gestapo! #SSOfficers 
And it's not funny! #Fascism
It's a work in progress. When completed it will b presented & voted. Nothing like Nancy Pissloci"pass it 2 read it" statement 4 Obummercare
#investigateGOP
OBAMACARE WAS PASSED WITHOUT A REPUBLICAN VOTE. ONLY10 PEOPLE IN CONGRESS READ IT BEFORE HAND. THE 10 HATED IT.
I'll never understand people voting republican. Not saying Dems are the answer but geez.
Get five of them and they don't even have to vote no, "present" would be enough
It's called cowardice.
Too much dark money & too few with a backbone. Real big name charged only way the rats leave the ship this early
@marcorubio will my Senator bring this into the open?
What the hell is wrong with these people???
Any gop sens want to keep their jobs??This would be a good start. Which GOPers are up for reelection in 2018. Those are the ones 2 pressure!
Well after listening to that round table of synophant drooling what do you expect?
I guess we will see what our GOP senators are made of.
@DarkMission1 @sarahkliff Looking for spines in invertebrates. Nothing to see here folks.
@sarahkliff @SenateGOP Well? You really think this good look for y'all? #ShowUsTheBill
Elections have consequences pal..wacko dems are fringe minority
That's a big, "if," with this craven bunch.
Huh?
EVERY GOP WHO FAILS TO STOP THIS BILL MUST BE VOTED OUT OF OFFICE! Maximum effort by every member, they must pay for allowing this travesty!
Unbelievable that Republicans have surrendered their voting powers... Don't they realize that they are able to make independent decisions???
Aren't there 3 GOP Senators willing to put country over politics...not even 3?? They are stripping us of our healthcare in the dark #2018
What are Republicans hiding
Can't run in GOP against Koch money. Unlimited millions of Koch money would pour into their state like tsunami, for the primary opponent.
Unbelievable how they're still able to operate in such secrecy that barely anyone even has a clue what the Hell is going on
They have their own minds.. just choose to not independently think
Battered wife syndrome?
What a crock! They aren't helpless in this at all! They're enabling this Giving Mitch McConnell a free pass to ruin ACA!
@sarahkliff An astounding lack of courage.
The Kick Bro. own the GOP.  They are all terrified of being Americans who stand up for their country and it's people.
GOP Senators are scared of Mitch McConnell.  If he asked them to wipe his butt they would gladly comply.

I saw Toomey is one of them..watch out PA
You know GOP wants to pass this, we know there screwing people out of health insurance & higher price paying for insurance.
You mean like passing Obama care?
Cowards!!!
Who has that courage?
@SnarkAmendment @sarahkliff A big if
All we need are for 6 testicles to drop. Apparently, it's a huge ask
So much for that "unity" thingy.
They're all rotten little pusses
That moment when you realise that you hitched your wagon to horses that weren't going west.
LMFO! 
GOP SO VERY DESPERATE! 
DJT GOP TRUMPSTERS CANT 
RECOGNIZE THE TRUTH!
BEEN TOO LONG IN THE WANNABE-OLIGARCHS~ 
THE TRUMP FAMILY CULT!
Dang what I'd do to go watch that any day over our pathological liar in chief! Soon to be impeached and jailed for filthy dirty sleazy deals
Putin's not hanging on to those hacked RNC emails for nothing.
Trump is leveraged up the a**. He's been dirty 4 yrs. Has 1000s of enemies he's screwed over. Then disparages intel comm and msm. #cooked
Unfortunately there is no decent nor compassionate republicans!!
@marcorubio Will you step up and be one of them?
3 GOP Senators will say they won't vote for TRUMPCARE but will vote as told. PARTY BEFORE COUNTRY. The GOP motto.
What's the difference between a mean bill done in the open or behind closed doors?
Requires integrity, dignity and balls. They sold the 1st thus abandoning the 2nd & Trump has all their nuts in a jar next to a tiny hammer.
Text RESIST to 50409 and the Resistbot will fax letters to Congress for you. It only takes a few minutes.
Where are @SenJohnMcCain @BenSasse @LindseyGrahamSC ??
.@SenatorBurr < will you stand up and be one of the three?
3 HUH???
But the entire @GOP are cowards.
.@SenSasse .@BenSasse here's a great opportunity to play the principle card.
Frankly it's time for GOP to rid themselves of McConnell. This attempt to undermine Americans health coverage is criminal. Some1 pls step up
You'd think @SenateGOP would care enough about Americans to listen to them. It's okay we vote and you will be gone! No balls no job
As if you cared for transparency. Oh, recall the vast transparency of ACA! Snort
This shouldn't be the hardest part of the bill to figure out. They know this is true, do something about it!
The hard part is finding 3 GOP senators with that kind of integrity.
We know more about top secret collusion investigation than we do about health care bill
#PartyFirst @GOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
If 26 GOP senators has the balls to speak out or even send an memo to Mitch demanding hearings. But they are playing victim.
TFW the powerful are conveniently powerless.
.@SenateGOP ARE YOU LISTENING?????
@SenatorCollins @robportman @JeffFlake @lisamurkowski You must not support this outrageous effort to threaten Americans for tax cuts.
This healthcare plan, if passed, will be an attack on ALL OF US @GOP!!
What are you going to do when obamacare collapses under it's own weight? This was passed in secret and designed to fail.
Lying liars got to lie to their constituents believing their constituents don't know they're lying liars. #Resist the @GOP liars.
Collusion, thick as thieves, party before people/country...we are past fairness & decency, right & wrong under this CONgress, administration
@cathy_cap2ax @sarahkliff time for the @HouseGOP to find their balls
"Being taken." You mean the route we've decided to take. Don't be passive. Own your shit.
It would have been better if the Democratic senators had read Obamacare before they passed it. Maybe we wouldn't be in this situation

Who knew governing could be so complicated? Nobody knew!!
Georgia @SenatorIsakson 's staffer said he won't vote for a bill that has been seen by the American People and scored by CBO.
But that would require the backbone and ethics that are lacking within the @GOP.
Why is doing it in secret even allowed? It should all be done out in the open.
: "If just 3 GOP Senators said, "I won't vote for the bill unless it is done in the…" #1 in United States
A very poor "It wasn't me"!
You would have to find three republican senators with a soul first.  Good luck with that.
PEOPLE NEED TO REMEMBER THIS WHEN IT COMES TO THE MIDTERM ELECTIONS!!!!!
Why the passive construction, @SenBobCorker? It's the route *you* have not taken. Demand openness from your colleagues!
@SenPatRoberts @JerryMoran How about you actually represent Kansas for once? Don't worry, you'll still get your payoffs.
Yeah, but the cover to say, "I can't respond to your questions and concerns because, oh so sadly, I don't know anything" *is* the strategy.
#MeanTrumpCare
If you mean anatomically complete Republicans -- hearts pumping, spines straight, guts and gonads present -- dream on. #AndroidParty
Maybe @SenKamalaHarris could give them a talking to. She's a badass and gets people's attention.
So much for the notion of Republican moderates.
In the new spirit of bipartisanship it would be a kind jester to request that this bill be done in the open. One can only hope.
Party of personal responsibility? I think not. Luckily their voters don't give a squat.
Luckily for them, you mean.
Doubt there are 3 GOP with hearts.
True! They don't appear to have heartbeats. Old, dusty, men.
If we could get MSM to announce that every 3 minutes like an egg timer then they could be pressured. @pbbrk @MSNBC @ABC @CBSNews @NewsHour
Don't hold your bresth for that to happen.  Mitch McCatastrophe will never allow that.
They are counting on their base's lack of knowledge and/or curiosity re: the legislative process. Looks like a good gamble so far. 
Needed now! "Profiles in Courage" 
Hack rabbi?
MoCs too busy patting themselves on back for playing a "brave" ballgame, while not mentioning 3 dead UPS victims who died in mass shooting
If only there were 3 GOP Senators who actually possessed a pair.
Murkowski is already there.  So only need two.
I really do not mean to be insensitive, but it would be as dumb as hell to do this in secret - won't bode well with fringers w/guns.
