5 living former US Presidents expand their hurricane relief effort to include Puerto Rico and US Virgin Islands http://cnn.it/2fm3NGd  
Funny how trump thought about the disaster suddenly and pulled his resume for NFL commissioner? Guess his colors were snuffed by leaders!
Dear @realDonaldTrump:
Witness what real Presidents do.
(Awwwww... weren't you invited???)
Meanwhile, Trump doesn't do anything.
Loving it. Thank God
They need to bring back that #SNL sketch titled, "The Ex-Presidents"! #TVFunhouse
This is magnificent on many levels. They all had plans they disagreed with, yet they recognize when support is top priority 
I only voted for two of these dudes but right now I would welcome ANY of them back into the White House. Glad they're stepping up to help.
I actually voted for three, but I agree with you completely!
Can you ask them for attention to the situation of Statehood promised for decades.
Donation made #OneAmericaAppeal #PuertoRicoRelief
I don't think convicted felons need apply.
Hey trump this is what leadership looks like
When presidents were presidential!
This.
League of Extraordinary Gentlemen
I'll donate to the red cross never to a bunch of crooks
It's striking, how all 5 of them seem to genuinely like & respect each other. And do good while they are at it. 
While Trump sits in his room watching FAKE FOX NEWS and tweeting. There's no good in Trump to be found, so he'll never be part of the club
And where is our CURRENT president in all of this? Oh yeah...
Five living Presidents for president please
I cannot foresee the two younger Presidents "welcoming" dt into this fraternity, but hopefully justice will take care of that.
Thank god for all of you
When real Presidents have to do the work of the fake.
I totally respect all efforts you are trying to do for the people of Puerto Rico. It’s a shame #45 is not doing the same!
Trumps too busy sitting in his underwear watching FAKE FOX NEWS and tweeting. He'll never be part of the Presidents Club.
@realDonaldTrump these men Made America Great Already.
When will the current “president”?
But the current President says they have to wait 2 weeks.
It's amazing what happens when ppl are UNITED.....
I can’t believe what I’m about to say but I even miss the Bush’s.
I mean at least they actually did things for natural disasters... albeit very late, but they didn’t blame Louisiana for the levy breaking
Yeah i mean they only killed a couple million brown muslims, but they're at the bottom of the list for what's not acceptable
Compare their actions with the inaction of the current sinvergüenza POTUS. They are statesman; Trump is the true disaster.
True presidents unlike this one
Yeah! Let the REAL Presidents handle this one!
Still no word from the current one.
They've come out of retirement to create a modern day Justice League because our current leadership is garbage.
Hey Establishment #NFL fans can spend their $ in a better place #PuertoRicoRelief   #PuertoRico #PuertoRicoStrong #TakeTheKnee #NFLBoycott
Imagine being so terrible at your job that the five people who held your job before you had to step in on their own time to do it for you.
DREADING the day when Trump is included in this picture
He won't be in the picture because he shows zero humanity. He will be dressed in an orange prison suit.
I did!
This photo was taken over five years ago
try Bush in the Hague
Want to know why I LOVE this pic so much?  Because Trump is not in it!
I'm glad they're thinking about Puerto Rico because 45 is thinking about the NFL
I’m wondering if the focus should be solely on Puerto Rico until #45 gets his butt in gear and gets them help.
It’s the current president we need... that we’ll never get...
How did we get from these presidents to what we have now? Still boggles my mind.
While current president tries to expand his twitter followers
And squash free speech and draw attention away from racism

you'd think @realdonaldtrump would want to help puerto rico, since there's a mass exodus to the mainland, which he is too racist to handle.
And yet the current president @realDonaldTrump is still tweeting about the NFL.

I might not have agreed with all of them, but they all respected the position and this country. #repect
Just donated directly to #Maria victims through the Presidents' fund, which allows you to pick all or 1 of the recent hurricanes.
So nice to see & hear from the #RealPresidents 

Thank God we have the former Presidents who still care. Everyone, please donate what you can, this is so important! 
Just got paid and made a donation. 
Let's play a game called Who's Missing.
But the current president is too busy whipping up his white narrow-minded base.
I know this is so late but I just double-checked with my family & in the Arabic versions Scrooge is called Uncle Gold عم ذهب !
& in Arabic, Huey, Dewey, & Louie are called Soso, Tutu, & Lulu!
Formers doing more than active.
Just donated!
Thank you REAL presidents.....
Thank God for these guys.
Gracias!

I have two nieces on St. John. Great news!
