More than 60% of those in nursing care are on Medicare.
Short term only. Long-term residents are almost all Medicaid. Medicare only pays for 100 days of rehab a year.
If you have more than 2k in total assets you pay for everything out of pocket. My mother's nursing home was 7.5 k a month.
Yes.  My parents had to liquidate everything they owned until below the poverty line to get help. She died. He lived in poverty for 20 more.
Are you mad she lived in poverty or more mad that your inheritance was liquidated? I always wonder about that
This is a stressful situation and it tears families apart because of the expense.spend lots of time trying to make finances work longterm
If that's not possible then of course society should step in and help. But if a person has a £500k house and they need money for.....
Only in America.  No other country thinks this way.
If it's a middle class family with a spare room why on earth would they put her in a home? Why should the government pay 4 that?
Because families aren't equipped to deal with a terribly ill person.
And if they have savings but the need a high level of care needed you should use the savings you have then the government should step in
Your opinion.
It's my experience. I have P.As that help me the government pays for part of my care & the rest comes from my own DP it's only fair
You made your point at least three tweets ago.
I'm just having a fair conversation with you. Just a different point of view . Nothing to get upset about 
I couldn't imagine sticking my folks in a home. My grand father lived with us when I was a kid and it was awesome
Sometimes there are no other options. I was 60 when I had to put my mother in a nursing home. She would fall down & I couldn't pick her up..
She needed oxygen, help bathing, bathroom, wouldn't eat. I had been her full time care giver for years. Don't judge.
That's awful. So everyone who wants to put there parents in a home is unable to take care of "loved" ones?
I'm not speaking for everyone. I am suggesting you do not have all the facts. I could no longer care for a 99 year old with dementia when I
Was 60 myself. Life is not simple. I cared for her far longer than I probably should have. I have nothing to be ashamed of.
Maybe you'll never face that decision and maybe you will. And then you can be judged. Bless your heart.
The medical practice I manage will be broke under Trumpcare. We are hospital based providers who care for everyone.
If they will be broke and they're hospital based, you're not a very good manager.
Obviously you know nothing about physician reimbursement. We prefer getting paid for our work.
Actually I know a lot. And my practice is profitable.
Well please share your secret to getting paid by indigent patients.
It's all about payor mix; I can certainly empathize with having indigent patients.
This Trumpcare is also going 2 cause health professionals 2 lose their jobs! Ppl can't afford nursing home care then ppl lose jobs!
And people (most likely women) may have to leave the workforce to care for elderly relatives.
Yes! These r details the old white boys in the GOP don't stop 2 take into consideration. They only think about their fat pockets! GREED!!!
That will really take a toll on rural employment. Often one of the few places with good jobs are the nursing homes.
Yes and will also cause neglect/abuse/death as ppl unable to handle stress (work,caregive) won't be able to manage basic-complicated care
I wonder how many of the GOP have a family member in a nursing home that Medicaid covers?
With any luck, you'll lose coverage for your epilepsy mess.
Don't forget to mention someone will have to quit working at some point to care for their aging loved one at home..
Like hell I would ever let my family go in a nursing home!  The last few days they go to hospice or a hospital for morphine and such.
My mother had Parkinson's. Wheelchair. Could not get up, down, bathe, bathroom; mostly blind, incontinent. I'm equipped for that, no.
More like start preparing a grave. Many of those patients will die without 24/7 facility-based skilled nursing care.
Nursing homes, aka Skilled Nursing Facilities (SNF) are 24/7 medical facilities, not just retirement or "old age homes." Frail people die!
@dadamo6510 there go the health care jobs as well, hurting our economy if NH AFH don't get paid they will shut their doors
Ummmm...my Republican MIL needs to call my Republican brother-in-law when that happens. 
I plan to congratulate my GOP-voting siblings on having the "freedom" to figure out what to do with my mother if she loses her care.
 You go girl! That's one way to handle it.
My 95 year old mother is in a nursing home.   She had to pay them $11,800 a month until her money ran out & Medicaid kicked in.
That's how it works right now. Terrible!
The difference btwn now and AHCA: under new law when money runs out the patient will be on the street.
Sadly many of those don't have family or if they do aren't able to take care of them. Heartless doesn't come close!
It'll be interesting to see what they do with that faction. Maybe disabled won't be out in nursing homes. Maybe they'll be evicted instead.
Gotta find somewhere for oldyfolks w/o relatives to go. Will our country accept homeless disabled people? #NoCutsNoCaps

And you'll have to quit your job to take care of Granny. But how're u going to pay for her meds? Hubby gets a second job, sell everything?
@OverUnderClover  Not to worry Trumps health care comes with medical supplies & a book ,health care for dummies.
Yep...that's true!
And prepare to quit your job or be fired for missing work to care for grandma
Where do you think all those coal mining jobs they love so much are going to come from? Grandpa has to get back to work.
Withholding of healthcare weakens our country by making citizens vulnerable= method to their madness. Whose mandate is it really? Putin's?
In addition to the obvious cruelty, the sounds like a real bad idea from an economics perspective too.
Once mama has to come home, there goes that republican vote. 
And don't even think about visiting nurses
My husband & I have agreed to burn off each other's fingerprints & dump us at the ER.  Thats the GOP health plan.
@SenFranken might want to budget MN for ER dumpies.
It's due to that personal responsibility the GOP values so highly.  PUT GRANDMA BACK TO WORK.

Don't forget the nurses and therapists and assistants at those nursing homes now out of work.

Thread #Medicaid State Facts

#TrumpCare repeals Medicaid Expansion…
A thought. Get the relative a mask, leave em by a gas station. You know the private run prisons Trump likes so much?
Think about those who have no family. What happens to them?
This isn't something new. When did you start giving a crap?
Assisted living room with meals, laundry and help showering (where I do respite care) is $5,000 per month. Doesn't incl medications.
I know, I've had to research it here! :(
The facility I know about is subsidized by Presbyt. Church. Because of donations, no one has had to leave when out of $. If #AHCA passes ?
well thank goodness for that! at least some Xian organizations help their communities. Here not so much!
Not all the residents are Presbyterian but the contributed financial assistance is available to any resident in need.
see that's true Christianity at work! thank you!
The residents make me aware of the need to look at all people as individuals -  the elderly operate w/o filters. They just are.
kinda like when we were kids. No filters and they'll call you out on your stuff too! lol
this is so Russia
So many boomers voted for trump. So many boomers will need nursing homes. This just doesn't make sense.
No in home health or therapies either...
I hear Paul Ryan has offered to personally care for those affected at his offices in the Capital.
Lol
Then the nursing homes begin layoffs and close...
Good ole boys only want job creation for their buddies.
The rest of us are to serve.
My sister was in a nursing home on Medicare. Totally disabled from MS. She died recently. I'm happy and relieved for her. We were afraid.
I'm sorry for your loss.
Thank you.
Like they care. The world is full of monsters with white skin and dark suits.
Why do people want to undo progress?
Probably not they will just become places for poor people to die.
I was recently thinking about that possible consequence for folks.
I'm from New Mexico. Mom & Dad are living at home until I call @NeptuneSociety. 

#HomeIsWhereUrHeartIs
My father was told to file for divorce so he wouldn't spend every dime he ever earned/inherited/invested on a nursing home. He cried.
There are thousands of seniors in nursing homes with no family. Who is going to help these seniors? Its horrifying.
Better yet, get those plots secured. Truth b told it's closer than we think with TrumpCare. is what we can expect.
Does the GOP think there are waiting lines for these Beds?
W/O Gov Assistance this industry will dry up
Jobs Jobs Jobs
Depression awaits us
Meh heard this same crappy fear mongering when Obamacare was announced
Rhetoric & hyperbole only. It's awful but not worse than what's in place. That's the issue. Nothing gets fixed.
People will have to quit their jobs because relatives cannot be left without 24-7 monitoring & care. NH staff will be jobless too.
I'm curious Kurt. If this turns out not 2 be true, then what. Obligatory insincere apology. Who tracks your accuracy on this?  Have fun. We
Or a national org to institute single payer. 20 mill folks, no insurance, might as well die in DC, make the nation uncomfortable too
Home? Insurance quadrupling, not our income. We will have no heat, no food, all for a roof until foreclosure, death. Grandma's in the street
Reading this thread is painful. We're allowing them to do this to us. This is as personal as it gets.
He had advanced Altzheimer's so technically his brother did it for him, had powerbof attorney. Still in nursing home many years later.
My father sold everything and Medicaid paid for his nursing home care.
2 result in neglect and possible abuse of elderly w medical needs , Altzheimer's beyond family's ability to provide care.
Many won't get adequate care as people can't afford to quit their jobs to stay home and provide 24/7 nursing care, need 2 incomes, will 1
Also, set up an Amazon recurring order for Depends.  You're going to be changing them frequently.
Who are you talking to?
Why I call it: "a bullet for granny". A lot of elderly will suicide on this
My mother currently pays 7000 monthly. .when it runs out then there is only medicaid..they will have gotten everything..
I'm still searching for the middle class! I thought they were extinct?
Well according to @KellyannePolls since granny is an adult - she can get a job!
That's going to happen as nursing homes close
No more empty nests. Grown children out one door as parents come in another. Good luck!
They started booting out Medicare recipients. The nursing home my town kicked them out & added on to accommodate wealthy clients.
i worked in "discharge planning" at a Rehab facility in the '80s- be prepared for installing ramps,grab bars,widening doorways,bedroom ..
And there go more jobs! But he's going to create 25,000,000 new jobs!
What about the ones in memory care? Do people have to quit jobs to take care of them? What about tbe 90 year olds with no one left?
Pls emphasize: ALL Americans,even w prvte ins., WILL LOSE: no pre-x,no lftimecap,mentalhealth,kids to 26--we ONLY have that thx to the ACA
@MostlyMe2 So many of us with parents over 85 are in crosshairs ourselves. I'll be unable 2 support much more than myself.
Oh well if she/he requires oxygen, special skilled care, hoist for transfer to shower or wheelchair, & can't be left alone. #GOPDeathParty
Medicaid is no longer going to pay for nursing  care?  Got a link to back this up?
Think about this hard!
It will be a too-late lesson for a lot of Republicans....
My mother spent her last 2 years in nursing home, due to dementia, paid primarily by Medicaid. We couldn't provide  24/7 care she needed.

That would be me with my mom 93 & Alzheimer's..Cruel..she worked until 70 yrs old & paid taxes all her life
Very cruelThat pisses me off from over here!!  Talk about the forgotten Americans.  She would be one if our govt.  does this
Thank you Tash..she receives a small amount from medicaide..but the whole bill will be on me.
We're only booting out parasites like you kurt!
#KurtIsNotAmerican
Everyone (except the obscenely rich) will lose and that is exactly what Republicans intend. Will push middle class into poverty.
So many people just don't get it....just seem to believe the lies. Doesn't appear clear that there is an answer short of personal disaster.
I will not visit your country if it means I have to step over old, sick people dying in your streets. #Imgoingelsewhere
I live my teen yrs taking care of grandma. Feeding, bathing, helping her go to the bathroom, someone had to be there all the time. #FixACA
That is absolutely true. Nursing homes and assisted living centers will close. They already lose money daily on Medicaid patients.
3 out of 5 nursing home patients will be kicked out is the latest estimate I've read.
Also, some people will be held responsible for their relatives "care" and end up charged with crimes for neglect and elder abuse, etc...
In the Trumpkins' case, they should start shopping to upgrade from single to doublewide! They're movin on up!
The GOP: party like it's 1929.
Wait.  How many rooms are there in the White House.  Can she stay there? Melania has so much free time maybe she can help nurse.
Most now retire w/o pensions, living on SS & whim of stock market funded 401k. Today,s  old didn't need one more thing to lose sleep over.
Some people in nursing homes have NO family or family that are unable bc of $. Their family are the nurses and aids. What happens to them?
I would love @MikePence and the selfish money grubbing Republicans to answer this question.
And the thought of going back to the bad old days of institutionalizing the severely disabled is horrifying.
OMG! Horrifying!
People w/ dementia require more than bedroom. Been there done that. These folks should be wheeling themselves to Mitch McConnell's house
I have worked in a couple of nursing homes for years and also did private home care. And trust me theirs a lot of Me-mas and pappy in there
There will be less people working cause someone will have to stay home & watch Granny. Two income earning fam will be 1, & need food stamps
Yep. This bill will kill and bankrupt most Americans!
Actually "Good By" Middle class---You will be financial ruined if that relative comes to live with you! Care, Medication, lost work for care
And think about this fact, nursing homes will experience layoffs and have to go out of business.  No joke.  #AHCAKills
And to quit your job to care for her, and pray you can be covered by someone else's plan when you do.
Many people in nursing homes have no family. I have no family nursing home in my future unless my pacemaker needs changing them I am dead.
Clear a room AND quit your job because 24/7 care required. Or work 2-3  jobs to pay professional healthcare. OR,file bankruptcy like Frump!
http://livingflorabuildings.blogspot.com 
Which will also mean many nursing homes will close. Lost jobs, lost tax revenue.
All at once creating to destructive events. A new group homeless elderly. Then mass unemployment in HC medical & long term care.
Heaven forbid that the middle class should get assistance or a leg up in life
in ME, they've been booting medicare residents, renovating nursing homes, and making them private pay. for years. no empathy. no souls.
But you still like Trump because he's real, right? That knife in your back is real.
And get 2 more jobs so you can pay for her care.
And someone has to stay home to take care of them... or change jobs so family can cover shifts at home too!
The GOP thanks Vets for serving.
House Bill: 7 million vets placed in high-risk pools.
Senate Bill: Medicaid cut will leave 2 mil w/o help.
INFURIATING!
@MattAsherS And where will the ones with no family go?
You may want to explain why, @kurteichenwald. I'll bet few Americans know that 2/3 of nursing home stays are paid by #Medicaid.

#Trumpcare
@jsc1835 Sounds like the NRA will benefit since suicide may be the only option.
The rich see the rest of us as a burden to them.. Easy to see where the cruelty in this "healthcare" bill comes from.
If they see us at all.
What they see is their taxes going to pay for programs that they think are needless. They don't see us as human.
Yes. Think of pressure that will place on family stability. The ripple effect--decisions about who has to quit a job, kids losing ex-cur...
@GOP: there aren't enough rich ppl to support selfpay health system, which will be result of trumpcare.  Hospitals & Providers LOSE BIGLY!
& for the parents who rely on Medicaid prgrms to keep their medically fragile child at home, they'll be forced into institutions to survive
I care for my dad who has dementia @ home. He once gave me a black eye that lasted 3 weeks.
Sending prayers of healing and strength. Dementia is a rough road.
There's no such thing as healing with dementia. But thank you all the same.
SENATE AHCA (BCRA) KILLS
According to American College of Physicians study, for every 800 that lose Ins, 1 dies
GOP MORE DANGEROUS THAN ISIS
Don't forget to pull up your boot straps and earn enough to qualify for tax cuts while paying for gma's meds. Hope you don't have kids too.
Just had a lovely Texas man tell me to pay for my own grandparents and then, on cue, #MAGA. 
That's Mike Dense's "personal responsibility" program.
Think of the loss of jobs in that & the medical industry. Driving us into a deep deep hole.
Or prepare to write a check to keep her there.

Please explain to Americans, how GOP Medicaid cuts, will turn the Elderly folks living within Nursing Homes everywhere, into lawn ornaments.
Including any daycare, respite care, etc etc...
Nope. My mom will be dropped off on the White House lawn. They can deal with the dementia rages!
Don't they already have one of those?
Walmart has such lovely nylon rope and look at all these streetlamps!
Can't wait until Trump is in one. Better yet prison.
&declare bankruptcy 2 secure care at home or institution on salary or savings. #Resist #Trumpcare as existential threat @SenSchumer @funder
It's so sad it's come to this!
Forcing most to go into default on mortgages, hiring illegal or none licensed aides..
We need immigrants more than ever to help with elder care.
My republican mother can call my republican sister.  I love my mom, but if I had to hear Obama is Muslim everyday I would go crazy
Hope every single Trump voter needs to learn nursing care - they will see how smart their vote was then.
My midwestern parents saved for retirement, plus had good pensions, house, etc.  All used up quickly with Alzheimer's care.
and what will happen to those who will need to go into a nursing home soon
Mother died in nursing home on Medicaid.  Dad was a Brigadier General.  2 yrs skilled care @ $5000/mo. can wipe out family savings quickly!
And for everyone whose livelihood depends on geriatric care facilities  staying open, polish up that resume. Lots of them are going to close
plus if u havent the skills or resourcesto care for a sick elder, get ready to pay fines or go to jail!
And people who own, manage, work at, or supply nursing homes: start looking for work. Without patients/residents, they fail.
@RoyBlunt, it's mostly women who will have to provide the untrained care to relatives. Maybe you should let my sister move in with you.
Even then you have to pay for home care if you have to work. It just doesn't make any sense!
@StevenMWolfe3 you just make sh%$* up. Stop it.
I said the same thing but I told people to start building that grand parents add on. 
And what happens when all of the Baby Boomers get older and need Nursing Home  care? We have a major problem looming.
Drump's following Reagan's footsteps, when the latter expelled mentally ill people from hospitals onto the streets. NRA saw they were armed.
I happen to be in the demographic that the press repeatedly say is going to be the worst screwed. I feel so special.
That is my fear with this bill. I have both parents in a nursing home who rely on Medicaid. If this goes thru I don't know what I'm gonna do
I am so sorry. I'll call my representative again.
My mother had a stroke left side is weak is unable to get nursing home bed now. Can't even imagine what's coming for her if she gets sicker!
Been visiting nursing homes for yrs. what's going 2 happen 2 ppl who need 24/7 professional care that families can't afford?
Good, I have a couple of Trumpbot relatives who are fixing to get their mother back. Not a pretty picture.
Ugh I hope my son or daughters have room when my wife and I need to go into one.
Like I said, they found a way to screw grandma. FN republicans who claim to be christian. What a joke.
I'm going to say a big F-you to my family that voted trump while I figure out how to keep my autistic son out of a nursing home! #BCRA
Pay attention to the nurses in the hospital. That's what you'll be doing. Fill our ur Family Leave Act paperwork. You're going to need it.
Exactly
Notice to millennials: Get ready, your parents are coming! They didn't plan it that way & neither did you, but it is going to happen.
And the bad thing is no one is home to  take care of grandma during the day
Like in the "good old days" #MAGA
A lot of jobs in the healthcare industry will be lost.
More scare tactics from the left
And if she has no relatives? Dies in the street?
Nursing home placement safer than u think - Medicaid required 2 cover. *Home* help is threatened. ppl deprived of it will go 2 nursng homes
And institutions. Children will be in institutions instead of at home.
Also,  mentally ill and deveopmentally disabled will be kicked out of group homes paid by Medicaid
And into nursing home-like facilities robbing them of their independence and liberty. Progress that parents fought hard for will be lost.
They won't even get that - they will be on the street.
What did they do before the ACA?
Exactly. "All" because the entire middle class elder care infrastructure is about to be dismantled. It's not just your mom & dad. All of it.
Median savings of 51-60=$107k. How long do you think that lasts? Retirement crisis, kid's college loans, 2-income families.
Who is going to take care of your M&D while you're working. You're healthy? Good for for you. Look around - it ain't all about you.
my mom is in a nursing home for dementia and this is my biggest fear!
unfortunately my mom is only 60 and she's had this for 6 years now! I tried to keep her with me at first but she was a wanderer, not safe!
u too hun! you're right and from what I've seen it's hitting people much earlier than it used to! I still have hope for a cure someday!
And I'm visiting the nursing home right now. This is real life stuff.Yes
Me too...
Don'TCare
The @GOP will blame Obama, fox will refuse to correct them, and theyll continue to vote against themselves and against good sense.
Before ACA.part time workers didn't have insurance.they were paying their way.in http://Taxes.Rich  get around paying Equal Share
A new commercial coming soon; A Place For Mom To Die. Call 1-800 DJTRUMP
At least I don't have to put my mom though the indignity of what @POTUS and @GOP has decided to put millions of mothers and fathers through
Also be prepared to quit your job to provide 24/7 care, while also paying for all meds & equipment out of pocket.
And if something goes wrong and they die in your care, prepare to face charges and possibly jail time...
Where do they think all these nursing home people are supposed to go???
You parent in the nursing home is coming home with you. Remember the Walton's? Multigenerational living is making a comeback!! #BCRA
Well she needs to be picked up to use restroom,etc Left side is paralyzed. I cannot pick her up, so she will vegetate in bed all day, ok w/u
Equipment to help with that is on your dime.
I would rather my tax dollars help the disabled, poor, food for hungry kids than give $ to the rich. Try being Christian.
me too. B/c of Jesus' teachings
If only @Koch_Industries thought this way.
Trump supporters do not believe this will happen. "They say that, but they don't mean it!"
If they pass this they should legalize assisted suicide. Let people die with dignity. #DeathParty
Exactly what I thought. If #BCRA passes, Dems should introduce an assisted suicide bill.
Shame on #GOP that it comes to this. FIL in nursing home w/dementia, needs 24hr care. MIL unable to handle even w/help from kids. Not alone.
And it someone needs to quit their job. Or hire an American, non immigrant background checked trained caregiver. #savegrandma
REPEAL people in nursing homes, REPLACE with money for the Filthy rich.
Oh and you know that job you have that provides YOUR healthcare? Well, you might have to quit so you can take care of your loved one.
Or dam near lose your mind trying to do both.
Why is it so hard for GOP to understand--everybody in the plan, everybody pays, costs go down as preventative care keeps people healthier?!
It might help a black or brown person...thats the problem.  #Deathcare
Any and All of The Un-Deserving--and these R people of faith.  I missed the part in the bible about ignoring the sick and vulnerable...
Too many believe the younger gen. doesn't  deserve "handouts", all the while forgetting they are living longer because of those "handouts".
That's their objective. They see the poor, elderly and disabled as enemies
How nice for the GOP that they don't have to worry about aging parents or chronically ill family members.
In Virginia cost is $222 a day semi private room,average stay over 2 years ($81,000 a year) long term insurance is too expensive.#AHCAKills
What's the income limit?
She or he. We've had both in our family. I'm not going into one. I will die sliding into home plate.
I treated residents that had no families. Without Medicaid they'd be homeless.
Exactly.
And quit your job or try to save enough $$$ to hire full-time care for her.
American, non immigrant, background checked and trained. #savegrandma
This administration probably wouldn't care about background checks or training, as long as they're not immigrants. 
They will be immigrants!  3/4 of our MA's, the MD, are immigrants at my work!
