Sickening our US Attorney General #lies to US~Please ask @AGJeffBSessions to resign & proceedings to revoke his law license should begin.
Why wouldn't he lie?? This whole administration is ONE BIG LIE backed by bigdonors & foreign adversaries
@GOP WILL NEVER DO THE RIGHT THING
Perjury is seen as a serious crime in the UK - punishable with jail  time.  Is it not the same in the USA?  I thought there were penalties?
It is, but it's a "who watches the watchers" sorta situation here. He's highest law enforcement official in the country, who'd challenge him
The people? I would assume that there are at least a few million who are not happy about Republicans seeing themselves above the law?
WTH what a putz. As a Republican I don't care GOP or DNC! If you lie to us  you should pay the price. Have you denounced HRC for her lies?
I've zero tolerance for lies/liars, no matter whether civilian or political (whatever party). Specifically loathe people in power who lie.
Sounds like the AG committed perjury.  Perhaps he should resign.
Perjury is seen as a serious crime in the UK - punishable with jail time.  Is it not the same in the USA?  I thought there were penalties?
It is a serious crime here too, punishable by years in prison. The problem is that Congress is highly unlikely prosecute Sessions.
2. Sessions is of the same party as the majority of Congress, and he used to work with them.  Our laws, sadly, are applied selectively.
So let’s pretend it was any US citizen lying under oath. What would the penalty be? Now, what’s the penalty for Jeff Sessions?
And will there be asset forfeiture for his crimes?
The lying administration..
I think I gotta watch that whole thing. Will probably laugh my ass off. I need that today.
Liars.....Liabetics.....They have Liabetes. No One in the current administration can tell the difference between real and make believe
Lock Him up
& Thaaaaaaat's a felony!
Any other normal time and THIS would be the huuuge story....but these are not normal times....
Never trust a Keebler elf that doesn’t have cookies!
Perjury
Where's the accountability when the AG @jeffsessions lies under oath and refuses to answer questions from Senate oversight committee?
Guarded by @GOP with the accountability for the NUMEROUS infractions committed but their potus..
Party over cntry is always @GOP's motto
they'll be telling their story walkin soon.

So throw the book at him! Demand his resignation and prosecution!
....like I said party has privilege, and evidently immunity now
He's not worthy of being the USA AG.    Fire this forgetful elf.
Why hasn’t he been disbarred?
Stop the non-sense. We are not stupid. We know who really was in bed with the Russians and received $$$ for our Uranium.
Bot...
And yet no one used the words, lied or perjury. America is fed up.
Then WHY does he still have a job????
Follow through!  Jail this perjuring racist POS. What good are laws if they aren't enforced?
So, he committed perjury ? He should not be the top cop.
#PERJURYJAILSESSIONS
#5YEARSENTENCE
#SESSIONSUCKS
#25FOR45
#LIARINCHIEF
#SESSIONSLIES
#OUTWITHSESSIONS
#IMPEACHTRUMP
#THE RESISTANCE
.@GOP, sincere question: why do we make elected officials take oaths if there are no consequences to lying & breaking those oaths?
#Resist
.@GOP, aren't your oaths of office given on the bible? Doesn't it concern you to lie to your God?
Oh, that's right: #FakeChristians.
#Resist
WHY IS HE STILL AG??
Why all the lying? We are noticing the pattern.
look how amiable he is while he's dodging. L'il ol' me?
Perjury charges should absolutely be filed against that lying SOB!
@NancyPelosi @chuckschumer 

Why so quiet? If a Dem had done this, the GOP would not let it go. This is why younger Dems want you out.
Agreed. They should be hammmering this goddamn nail.
Perhaps he met with Russians to see how much of those Uranium One bribes YOU took sir.  How much did you profit in bribe money Senator?
The Russian collusion story is a bust. There was no collusion.
These misuses, abuses, and outright crimes are continually brought up... but what is being done to prosecute the perpetrators?
why are there no consequences for his failure to answer questions?Trump did not invoke executive privilege and unless he does make AG answer
So, what do you do about a lying Department of Justice person?
I suppose public shaming is his only rebuke.
This administration is FOUNDED on lies
There is 0 respect for the constitution or the legal process
This is an active alt-right coup attempt
So how is that not perjury and why is he still occupying the AG's office?!!!
It's obvious you want a witch hunt, not justice.
I'd like to put little munchkin Session's in a jar, put a couple holes in the lid, place the jar on a shelf & leave him there.
The holes aren’t really necessary! 
The whole bunch of them, liars and hypocrites. This Hell will not last forever, tho it sure feels like it's gone on that long.
And.....now what????
Oh probably nothing.
He'll get promoted. After all, it was a known lie and he was still confirmed.
Lock him up. Perjury is a crime.

Sessions is not fit to be AG. He lies all the time and he is a #WhiteSupremacist Thank you for not allowing his lies to stand.
Send his lying butt to Guantanamo Bay, where "Justice for all" died.
The nation's top lawyer dodging questions. Sounds suspicious!
Isn't it a felony to lie under oath to Congress?
So is he now guilty of perjury to Congress?
Franken asked too-lies to him. Sessions also stated he would represent Country over Trump if conflict arose. Another lie! 2/3 perjuries-OUT!
Why is this NOT perjury? Highest officials lying? No consequences! Time to subpoena Sessions! Atty for Country-not Trump.
Because this whole administration is built on lies. Congrats @GOP
we...in alabama..have always known what a lying little weasel that jeff sessions is...
Jeffy Sessions is a big disgrace to the Legal Profession...pure and simple!You only see his best when it comes to RACISM, LIES & IGNORANCE!!
The Keebler elf probably thought he was “under oak”
Excuse me but isn't lying under oath perjury and punishable by prison?  WTF is this little liar still doing in the WH?
Jeff Sessions was just caught LYING ABOUT TALKING TO RUSSIANS!!!!
@FaithfulChickie He lied under oath plain and simple. Aren't there consequences? Or are they just for the little people?
Smoke pot -go to jail. Lie to Congress- run the Justice Department.
He committed perjury. So file a complaint w/ ABA & get him disbarred, followed by criminal charges.
Why isn’t Sessions being charged with perjury? Is the AG not bound by the same laws as the rest of us???
Lock him up. @jeffsessions
Sessions is a perjurer lying about his treason.
Treason.
No, he wasn´t going to sit there and be accused of what Al was saying! Well Sessions did not leave! He was PISSED, but he sat there!
Maybe you should ask Hillary and Obama about Russia. They didn’t just talk to Russians.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions lied under oath.  Don't distort or distract, the Attorney General of the United States lied.
So does this not call for immediate dismissal? Lying under oath is nothing to these guys without severe consequences!
Lock him up. Or send the elf to the North Pole.
Perjury
Jeff Sessions Lies? No he should get himself on Sean Hannity and Fox and Lies to get the facts straight @seanhannity @tainteddemo @suzqh55
Jefferson Beauregard IS A LIAR!
What is the point, you will never impeach Trump at all! What will it take? Trump has broken the laws so much but Congress are pussies!
Then why does he still have a job?
At what point to we start to hold these people accountable? I am tired of the clutched pearls - act now.
Sessions is a person who is senile he is having or showing the weaknesses or diseases of old age, especially a loss of mental faculties hmm
Isn't that a FELONY? Why isn't @attorneygeneral @jeffsessions being brought up on charges for LYING TO CONGRESS?!
#criminal
Go get him! Time to lock up this group of criminals.
so congress needs to do something about it. He shouldn't be in this job. Why let him claim confidentiality, and what about perjury?
Thank you Senator for your service in these treasonous times #MuellerTime
Did you tell him he’s a goddamn liar?
That's what lying does to you....forgetfulness
That’s #NationalCharacterCountsWeek for ya!
Why is this man still allowed to be AG? Isn't it a crime to lie under oath to Congress? Why do rich people like this never have to be held accountable? Can someone with authority answer my questions?
I suggest writing directly to the office of your senators. You will get a staff drafted letter. The # of letters on the topic is counted
What a shock, another person on the Tangerine Team turns out to be a liar. I. Am. So. Shocked - said no one ever.
Why post this when you're not planning to do anything about the trump administration's habit of lying under oath?
So who brings criminal charges against the nation's highest law enforcement officer? Resign or not he belongs in prison.
If the top cop in the world "can't recall", "doesn't know", "doesn't remember", then why is he still the "Top Cop"?
He #JeffSessions should be arrested & charged w/perjury - but he won't  - fu*k'n criminal #WPP
This hillbilly is dumb,  scandalous,  racist... all the above.
Then her perjured himself. Why isn't he bring held in contempt or some damn crime? So lying to Congress is now acceptable. Got it. Cowards
Who could have known the #AlabamaElf was a #Liar? Sheesh!
THEN THAT IS PERJURY WHERE ARE THE CUFFS
Lying racist little elf
Until democrats are willing to start pointing this out a little louder, not much is going o happen....
I think we have long lived within an illusory framework that functioned well, because we took great care to preserve it. Now...we have BS.
Charge him he should go to jail he is our top law enforcement officer and not above the law.
Wow @jeffsessions thanks for clearing up what contact means. all this  the ENTIRE  thought it just meant “have I ever talked to someone?”
Oh that?  Yeah that’s what this administration does. Nice you noticed!!  
Liar liar pants on fire.
.Guess he had semi total recall.
Disbarment....
Jail!!!!!!
Prosecute. Now.
Yeah and NOTHING will be done about his perjury; "meet the new boss,same as the old boss"
Sounds like he perjured himself, off to jail Keebler AG
So, What are you going to do about it! He LIED to Congress!! He needs to go to jail!!
You guys for over a year have talked this Russian stuff to death. In that time you have come up with nothing. Stop the political witch hunt.
Well. He lies. 
Im sure some1 can produce clips of all Sessions lies. This administration is the biggest lying organization ive ever seen! A bunch of liars
I would not trust Sessions to feed my cat
Shocked..
You do understand he still a Congress job like yours then  and just like you he still has to do his job. Quite putting fake ass news out
What is the consequence for lying under oath ??
Frankly, it's difficult to know WHAT we heard from him today. Talk about NONsense!
Lil’ Jeffy was probably just flustered and worried that Kamala was going to yell at him again! 
Thats because the little man is a stinking liar. He has no business in judicial proceedings. He's a political hack.  @jeffsessions
So are you going to prosecute him for Perjury, or just ask for the President to fire him? He should NOT be AG under these circumstances.
Sounds like perjury to me. Don’t you go to prison for that???
So the evil, racist little elf lied under oath. What is Congress  going to do about it?
E v e r y o n e  with a brain knew he was lying. W e want repercussions!
Why isn’t he being indicted for perjury?
Pergery is the new truth. Every single member of this administration does it under oath. Why not lie when they're not held accountable.
Sounds like perjury to me. Nice to see we have such high standards for our top law enforcement officials.
Get your lies straight.
Ummm uhhh ummmm I mean uhhh.        Gee I wonder if he’s lying
Why is he not disqualified for perjury??
Oops. I think he just got him to lie under oath.
If you say no, under oath, then you say yes, again under oath, how is that NOT perjury?
Now explain to me why he hasn't been put on Admin leave from his office at the very least?
His idea of the truth is more fluid than water.
Hey ! You (the Senate) allowed him to amend his perjured testimony. Did y'all fergit?
So when is the impeachment hearings? Or nah?
He lied under oath, pure and simple. I have heard better excuses from kids as to why they did not do their homework. He should not be AG.
Why does America's top lawyer sound like Bubba from Forrest Gump when he talks??Jesus your country has a lot of problems right this minute.
so get your colleagues to do something about it why is he still employed???
Then charge him with perjury?
That’s nice. But what’s the point of this whole exercise if there are no repercussions? If you’re not going to oust him, then move on to important legislation.
Sorry but as above pic shows, @jeffsessions has shown he is willing too lie as he knows @GOP  will let him off with it. Time he resigned
AG Sessions perjured himself during US Senate hearing? Well then, lock him up! But alas, another white Southerner will rise above the law!
That sounds like perjury to me.what will you do about it Senator?
You would think that honesty would be very important in his current job
He is a liar 
why do you stand for it? contempt lock him up !
AG Session is repeatly violating our Constitution and our Liberty. He must RESIGN.
Senator, can we say PERJURY? OBSTRUCTION? CONTEMPT OF CONGRESS? Sessions should be charged or forced to resign his position as AG.
@USAGSessions has committed a crime "Again" to Obstruct Justice of a Corrupt & Collusionist @POTUS . He must be Indicted.
#Revoke Sessions' law license, @ABAEsq. Do #NOT claim "no grounds". We all know better. Yank his license!!!
You have the power to compel Sessions to #Resign. DO IT!!! @SenatorLeahy @SenKamalaHarris
Leahy Won't Tell us What & Why All those Democrats were meeting w/ Russian Agents!
Perjury
Apparently he's allowed to lie under oath. No repercussions for ANY of these lying jagoffs.
Arrest him! Where is the Law?
Well done
Thank you, Senator!!! We are counting on you.
Could there be any cause for his (selective) memory loss? I mean, working for Trump must drive you to drink...or something #smirk
Please consider using the words "perjury," "perjurer," and the term "committed a federal crime," when discussing Sessions.
Slap that #Traitor with #ContemptOfCongress! Stop acting powerless, @SenatorLeahy & PUNISH SESSIONS!!!
No...of course it isn't.  He lied through his teeth in January...and all of you ate it up with a spoon and then licked up the crumbs.
Not sure about "all of you"
Yet your worthless cringing @GOP colleagues approved his nomination. The Senate is dead to America.
Senator, I believe that is called perjury.  Republicans seemed to be quite concerned about it withing my memory.  What are you going to do about it?
Then do something about it...FFS
Lock him up....
Why does it surprise people when GOP admin lies? That’s all they are good at, so why expect different?
Well its obvious... Granny boy is lying thru his teeth. So whats the penalty for lying under OATH to congress? Clinton was impeached for it?
Do i detect a hint of perjury??
So Sessions perjured himself. Isn't there a penalty for that?!
How can you trust a man who keeps changing his story?
Please request AG Sessions resign or take action to have him removed.  Perjury is unacceptable
Thank you Senator.
Arrest Sessions.
Where are the perjury charges? Where is the accountability? It's painfully obvious there are no checks and balances anymore. #25thAmendment
Sir, if I, a simple citizen, perjured myself before Congress, what would happen to me?
Smoked him..!
So? Never any consequences for lying under oath. Why wouldn’t he?
@jeffsessions #PerjurorGeneral
He's playing 'Word Games with Friends'.
i really want to see this ass hole go down with the rest of the rats....
Biggest LIAR I have EVER HEARD! RID The CORRUPTION IN DC!
Why the Hell hasn't He been charged with Perjury?
Then start the firing process.
Perjury and contempt.  Where is accountability?
He thinks his little Elf smirk will win you over Pat,start looking into his Bank Acct's in the Cayman's,you 'might' be surprised ?

The AttorneyGeneral of the US is a liar armed with crib notes and he's coming for you and your medicine.
Well that sounds like he lied under oath either then or now. That is a crime right?
Liar liar elf on fire!
The lies and cover-ups from every single person in the current administration is amazingly treasonous to this country.
He didn’t think you meant “really” met with them...
Sessions' #specialpleading is insulting.
He's lying and has given false statements throughout all of these proceedings. That's perjury, when are congress going to prosecute & remove
Sessions is playing "let's go round the Mulberry bush". ;)Don't let him do it.
If nation's Top Cop isn't charged w/ perjury why should anyone else be?
#SessionsHearing
TY Sen. Leahy! Make him answer you directly!
So why can't he be charged with perjury then?
When shall we be expecting perjury charges? I hope they happen, otherwise, you & the committee are just as complicit as the rest of them.
If you’re an elf, you can get away with  perjury.
