I was thinking slavery but ok...
"one of" not "the".
In all fairness, as much of an atrocity as slavery was and is, climate change could actually kill EVERY person on the planet. All of them.
So because we pulled out, everyone just goes nuts and pollutes like crazy?  You're not too smart are you?
Without restrictions imposed on American industries, yes, I believe that they will pollute like crazy while they can, to profit the rich.
There are still tons of restrictions. This was a NON-BINDING agreement. And markets can drive innovation better than govt
And yet, some of this planet's greatest minds find the US pulling out of Paris to be deeply troubling. But I guess you must be smarter.
You mean like the 1%er CEOs including the head of GS who leftists march in the streets against?
The United States will lose the future - and no longer be a superpower ....... unless the United States turns the ship TRUMP. Worldpeace
This was again brace leadership to remove ourselves from an anti-US deal. Free markets can make the world cleaner not just govt
Pollution does not stop at the border - when your neighbor is cutting his grass, the noise and air pollution will also hit your garden.
Which is why china and India shouldn't have years long passes. I've been to China. Had to wear a mask in Beijing and Shanghai
Right - but they joined the climate agreement and it was a victory for Western countries. Old technology can not save the future of the USA
New technology can!  Technology doubles every two years. Markets will drive this better than any govt program
Yes, therefore, the Paris agreement was also important. renewable energy is now economically viable fossil fuels are out. Mr.T can't stop it
EXACTLY my point!! And if you actually listened to his speech, he has NO desire to stop it. No one does. Markets are better than govt prgrm
Jeff Lord is a pawn to appeal to conservatives. They know he's a nutter.
I agree but I feel they're trying to get those Faux News people to at least listen to the counter arguments.
Are you scared of opposing viewpoints?  Is is because your views don't stand up to criticism?
Of course I'm not. Healthy debate is critical. I'm opposed to idiots being given airtime that distort or omit facts. e.g. KellyAnne / Lord
Ah but Van Jones and Erin Burnett are so full of factual insights
What is the matter with you liberals? You talk like your head is on backwards & no blood to the brain. Everything is extreme without logic!
NO it is not. President Trump is putting America and the American people first. Go President Trump you are doing GREAT!!!!
That's always the answer when normal people make real common sense.
Bill ""The Idiot"" Clinton is main reason for crash of 2007. Obamabutt has gotten us into another financially destructive bubble.
The housing industry was already crashing before George W. Bush Jr. was president. WHY? Bill used trillions of SS to balance his budget WHY?
I'm not talking about George Bush, get with the times! Last WEEK there was a big story on what grants he took from low income housing!
It was one of the smartest things our country has done!
BREAKING: David Gergen just said leaving the Paris global warming accord is worse than slavery and Jim Crow. Gergen is obviously a lunatic.
I guess that bumps slavery then. Lol. @cnn #FakenewsCNN
@POTUS although early I truly believe this president & administration will go down in history as one of the worst in history! Destroying USA
When the US Navy spends billions preparing for the rise of sea levels. We know Trump is just a puppet.
What a terrible waste of sanitary papers and petrol in USA. This can b replaced by cloth napkins and public transport ( buses and trains).
How out one of the BEST DECISIONS  ever by the @POTUS
How is sentencing our future generations to death a good decision?
Im all good, thanks. Now please explain how pulling out is a good idea. Happy to listen to rationale although I doubt I'll get that here.
Rationale, yes! Subjectivity, no!
#climatechange #hoax
But don't worry, your state will likely still abide by the terms so HA HA sucks for you, you get cleaner air! Jerks!
Nope, not gonna happen!
No.  Agreeing to the deal was one of the most shameful acts in US history.  Trump is simply righting a wrong.
Signing the Paris accord was a meaningless episode of gesture politics.
All @POTUS wants is to undo everything Obama enacted. No solid reason; just pettiness.
Like what? Paris agreement supported by vast majority of scientists, businesses & people.
I disagree. Reputable scientists don't consider it junk science. Worst of all, USA won't be a world leader & Trump a joke to our allies.
#trump knows no shame. He's a tiny insecure egotist
David must realise that no one follows the climate rules. All these talks are just on paper and time pass. Proverb. " Rules are for breaking
I was thinking that David Gergen is full of crap
Trump has diminished the standing of the United States and has made us and him irrelevant to the rest of the world.
You know what else is really shameful? Firing @kathygriffin for doing her job as a comedian. @CNN you should reconsider your decision.
And all the individuals who created lynched depictions of Obama as well? And those who referred to him as the antichrist? We got to be fair.

He is truly in self or America destruct mode. Theres just no rhyme or reason to his random actions and making Russia Great again
He wants to reverse anything Obama was involved in. O literally wanted clean air to breathe & 45 chooses to reverse it.
Boycott CNN
They don't want you either, Gene.
I liked Trump at the beginning, but lately I do not know.
There's one fellow being honest.
I am still trying to figure out if Washington has done anything at all for the people, both GOP & Dems!
It's hard to say, but it is effecting everyone including other Countries as well.
David Gergen is so polished, intelligent and always thinks before he says anything. He is so methodical!
No, CNN is a terrorist act of hate.
Gained 600,000 jobs..dow at a record..s and p at a record...growing optimising at a record!!! Go Trump!!! 
how is it shameful for @POTUS to withdraw from a deal with direct negative consequces for the USA? While other nations need not comply?
The best decision he did
Hope your baby agreed in 20 years. Yeah Coal
I know this world in I believe that president trump is thinking about us the American people thanks god
As a Christian I find this appalling.  He is only thinking of power and money.
Start thinking that god makes him do this things you will see that god is in control
So God told him to have 3 wives, leave his child while he plays golf make fun of disabled, gold star families and abuse women. NOT MINE
Look all 3 wife's respect him
Believe what you want but I could never RAP my faith around such a terrible person.  He is not kind of charitable.
CNN & David Gergen, I bet there is more then 2.7 million Tax payers that think it is the smartest move for this issue. Forget History.
Are you still going on about Hillary's HUUUUGE victory margin? @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton
One day water from the ocean we'll come to Washington DC and then there will be no white house because of Mr.Trump's fault.
Oh my the delusions of the left. Hair on fire and sky is falling.
um ok? whatever dude
In a career as shameless as Donald Trump's, one more outrage doesn't make much difference.
well, colluding with russia...
Donald Trump, our so called POTUS is shameless.  It's becoming increasingly clear he is "not all there".  Hope this nightmare will end soon.
Absolutely shameful
Another one of CNN hacks
Another deplorable destructive act for this country.
David how about making the indigenous people disappear from the current American population the Nubians how does it compare????
This wasn't Trump's decision. He followed a direct order from Putin. You only think you're still in America.
And your proof is where?
CNN's lies are the most shameful in American history.
Minus what happens to make his hair look like that daily.
Unlike  #Trump war crimes #Syria on lies from #Nusra terrorists, Brit #illegal who killed kidnapped for camera?
PERDÓN . QUE FEO 
The voters wanted him to pull out. He promised he would and he DID.
And Trump has done MANY SHAMEFUL things...this does rate at the VERY TOP
you sir don't know what your talking about did you read the paris accord.It has nothing to do with climate.Obama spent 9 trillion
I'm more healthy than Trumpet
Or I know that's not the way I look crazies individuals.
This guy is a joke.
Gergen is obsolete.
We can't afford to give away over 2 trillion dollars! Liberals are trying to bankrupt us
Analicen su Cerebro
Lmao   Sure, he has torn cash right out of so many CROOKED politicians! Hurts doesn't it!
Who the fuck cares what David Gergenn says. You people can't stop fear mongering. The planet is going to end every time he orders ice cream
Hah! Getting in the whole debacle was shameful PONZI scheme! Bad for USA!
Fuck David gergen
I guess this goes against his "making America great again". Anyway, "choices have their consequences "
One of the most shameful acts in U.S history! Give me a break.
Trump full of crap!!!!!!
Really more than @billclinton having oral sex in oval office with a young intern? Lying about it? Getting impeached? Think not.
Your reporting is shameful.  #fakenews #maga
The Paris agreement was not even approved by the Senate. Some Dems originally had a problem with this agreement. Did CNN read the agreement?
Dump shit lied liar liar he fed Americans fake news especially the faithful lambs
It takes a special kind of stupid to think govt can change an ever changing climate. Massive tax grab for our socialist govt and UN
consider the source… and his background. Did he read the accord? How many critics actually know what’s in the accord?
delusional misinformed democrats fear the world ending. “Sky is falling” syndrome.
most shameful? really? worse than the CIA funding cocaine cartels and poisoning the black communities?  or perhaps slavery?  overreaction??
20 trillion debt, US can't keep giving billions to congress before helping US first! Trump right to want to negotiate bad Paris deal!
What about slavery, Jim Crow, systematic oppression, mass incarceration?
Maybe it's the 20 billion dolla payment to these countries we don't want
Negotiating such a anti America accord is THE most shameful acts ever! Why accord not treaty? Because reps wouldn't go for such a piece of 
#VeryFakeNews
#currentPotus Lack of knowledge,willingness to learn&understand Facts. Manners?Integrity/Honesty?Zero. #Trump BlackHole of Incompetence.OmG!
Well just add it to his long list of shameful acts, he is after all the most shameful US president in history!!!
He's a liberal quack
Yes! It is the ABSOLUTE right thing, total scam to get US $$
This PO(TU)S himself is the most shameful thing in US history....
Really does it beat letting kids die
Wow you guys are really shook by this. I've counted almost one post about this every hour since yesterday.
Not as shameful as handing back the two spy compounds to his BFF PUTIN #trumpRussiaEspionage
The most shameful being the day we elected this moron.
Yep.
Why?
More Fake news ...
What's shameful are morons who support the Paris Climate Accord. Trump took back American sovereignty rather than sell out to the Europeans.
History will not be kind to this US dictator...and rightfully so...
He is a shameful president so it fits
...on a bigly list of shameful acts.
Over the next 4 years the "most shameful acts in US history" list is going to get a lot bigger
Would have been better for the planet if Trump's father had pulled out.
We are capable of intellectual thought. CNN should stop political rants and produce real analysis.

Rule of thumb:  the level of hysterical freak-out by libs is directly proportional to the correctness of the decision.
Dimms are worried because when the jobs come back & everyone is working, they will never win again!
Love David Gergen.. he is a man of intelligence and the voice of reason. Trump should have hired people like this instead of his family.
Poor David... Get milk and cookies!
Attack attack attack. Globalism rejected.
Yes it certainly is
How dare you Mr. Trump feeling ashamed to be an American today
Iran-Contra; supporting dictators Noriega, Marcos, Hussein; Spanish-American War; I could go on, but you do you
Pardon these words:
Fuck the poor... check 
Fuck the sick... check 
Fuck the earth... check 
#Covfefe
gergen is a useless tool
More negativity @cnn. Hes @POTUS get over it.
Electing @POTUS is one of America's "most shameful acts" in history!
Reminds me when the EUI demoted the USA and is no.longer a democracy, for having rigged elections. But who cares let's laugh it off
No the most shameful thing in America, is the hysterical media and the lying politicians stealing from hard working tax payers!!
So as you read the article you see why - it is about redistribution of wealth, not the environment.
Can anybody explain why?  Does the Paris treaty prevent oceans from rising and temps from rising. By when do we see results?
I think the bigger impact is world view of leadership. China is now more an ecological leader than the U.S. is. That's a yuuuge 180.
The most shameful act was Clinton the perv... followed by his crooked wife
Bill Clinton cheerleader @David_Gergen says Trump climate accord is one of the most shameful acts in US history

LULZ
The problem the liberals are driven by hate..they don't even know what is even in it..we send billions of $$ to poor countries..
Compared to Obama's decision to end global efforts to combat climate change by signing the Paris Agreement?
I blame Donald Trump's parents. Birth control was available in 1946 #DumpTrump and join #USClimateAlliance to humiliate DT
gergen is establishment douche...move on America
Yup I expected nothing different from the spoilt orange child with an IQ of 2
Gergen is the most shameful act in history!
He still believes Obama isn't American so he's attacking anything Obama did even to his own detriment.
On our way to that dystopian society.
He wants to reverse anything Obama was involved in. O literally wanted clean air to breathe & 45 chooses to reverse it.
He backed out of the Paris deal - can still take care of climate but on USA terms - instead of climate deal w/Paris
No,taxpayers paying 33% of the billions to this deal is the global warming in America! It's making me hot anyway!
Is this schmuck so vindictive he is willing to kill everyone? He MUST be stopped What is taking so long?
Trump is such an ignoramus he has no idea what the Paris Agreement is. Just knows Obama ok'd it and is a vindictive sob.
Gergon is a very disturbing goon
The most shameful act in our history is the fake news and the democratic party who care about other countries citizens more than our own!!!
especially as per capita its NOT China whos the biggest poluter, its the US.
Wasn't sure how I felt till I saw who the people are that are so outraged.  Now I know @POTUS was right! 
How about all these other nations like China who has there country so damn polluted and still does nothing. Why is it always only America
#satansinheaven
This administration doesn't care about Global warming. Have you looked at everyone skin starting with ORANGE CHEETO N CHIEF
So true
He's disgusting
And Putin told him to do it! 
Phony agreement that nobody will respect since its based on good faith only! Does not make a difference except save money for taxpayers!
Silly!
David Gergen said right after he pulled his head out of his butt.
The real question is who benefits.
God brought Trump to bring sanity back to this world & to take U.S back from the establishment, Americans should be proud of him
Now can we Impeach him?
Does Donald believe he can make America great again by alienating everyone else?
Of course he don't care about the climate, Look at that thing on his head
Really , he pulled out of a non binding agreement that cost the American taxpayer billions.
Too bad Trump's dad didn't "pull out".
Remind us, how many has Trump created ever?
He's destroying USA brick by brick-undermining everything good about USA-GOP is putting Party before Country. #NoFaithNoTrust
#dislike #sadday
Trump asked "...when will the world start laughing at us as a country..." - Well for me the answer is: immediately after the step-out note
An absolute embarrassment.
David Gergen's a pompous news caster. Who cares what he says about this?
Biggest problem is that this president has no shame and is proving it again and again. He is a disgrace to this great nation! Dump Trump!
I agree with David.
This is one of the smartest decisions.  Let other countries foot the bill and crush their economies, while the US benefits for a change
Electing @realDonaldTrump is the most shameful thing the country has ever done.
@POTUS Make America Great Again. Please resign.
It is a shameful act yes. But of the list that Trump has amassed of shameful acts for our country, I don't know if is one of the most.
I don't know about that. I think maybe Pres A.Johnson bests it but both good old boys at heart. 
Let's all hope similarities don't end there
Go Trump 2020!!!
The reason you're not taken seriously anymore is because everything is "the end of the world" in every story related to Trump with you guys.
I used to respect Gergen. Now I think he is a pile of 
Give me a break people! Educate yourselves on the Paris accord before you speak. Yes global warming is real but why and how is the question?

Sanders: "we must never allow demagogues to divide us up" & "this country belongs to us" https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/MjFNGikKt7L …
Trump weakened our nation again today.
Exactly!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
