incredible job by @brikeilarcnn @CNNnewsroom PLEASE GIVE THIS WOMAN A RAISE! Demanding truth! SO DAMN REFRESHING
Yes thank you @brikeilarcnn for insisting on an answer!
Can't wait for Brianna's classic response to the Q: Who says the AHCA isn't popular?

A: The polls . . . all of them.
Says who:
ACA is not the same as AHCA
Which means the answer is yes. I wish cancer was contagious, so the wealth could shared with these asshats.
Warren Buffet: I would pay 17% less tax if Trumpcare is the actual law
Trumpcare 'a huge tax cut for guys like me' 
#Kleptocracy
Of course she can't. She voted on a bill she hasn't even read.
It's really sad that we voted for these incompetent assholes
She's not touching that one. Just pretend they didn't ask.
#byebyeBlackburn
She's a southern motormouth!!
Can't wait to see if her tap dancing, avoiding questions, coifed hair and Southern drawl will charm the judges at DJT's Nuremberg Trial.
Video proof that at least one district in TN is collectively dumber than a bag of hammers for sending this woman to rep them
Trust me, there are quite a few of us in her district who will work tirelessly and relentlessly to #FlipTN07
Of course their premiums should rise, although may be due to no fault of their own, they cost more to cover. No such thing as "free".
What a lying snake Blackburn is
I have PE, and also have ACA with an affordable premium.  Did this stupid bitch give the ACA a chance or try to sabotage it?
Blathering-to talk long-windedly without making very much sense: See Rep. Blackburn.
Why people waste their time interviewing Blackburn, is beyond me.
That's because she's human garbage.
@MarshaBlackburn She cannot answer because she doesn't know. We are coming for you, Marsha, in 2018. We will #FlipTN07
I would of just cut that hoe off..
It's because she knows millions will be hurt. She won't be truthful ever. She just talks over the hosts, always. Stop her like Kellyanne!
They don't care about people with preexisting conditions, in GOP's view they are not productive and can waste away alone
Of course they will.... Where are the defending Trumpets??? Oh, they just figured out they're being skullfuck....
Much prefer "trumpanzees" to "trumpets".  Shit-throwing apes seems closer to the mark than anything musical.
Apes are smarter than trump and his minions.
Stop being polite to these types. Cut to ad, brief then on how it is done. Then the next time, cut to ad, end interview.
She doesn't care!
Congresswoman Marsha Blackburn needs to go #VoteThemOutOfOffice  Paid "Muppet".
Because it is a question that should not be answered, as requested. Some answers require more than a yes or no.
Republican Blackburn's looking out her window and she can hear the 2018 mid term train coming, and she knows that train is right on time.
The only way they will care is if we come after them. Protest @ offices, billboards and town halls. Hold them accountable, vote them out
She just saved her home base millions in taxes.
She reps the 7th richest county (Williamson) in the US.

Yes, it is in TN.
We don't like her. Most here haven't realized the Medicaid cuts will harm special needs children's education. We are working to #FlipTN07
Also note...TN chose not to expand Medicaid under ACA. She doesn't care who will be able to afford care as long as SHE keeps her own bene's
She's a very scary woman, pure evil. Trump would be proud of what a good liar she is. She needs to lose everything, including her job!
Liar
#stepfordcongressperson the buzz word is #access its crap
Blackburn needs to be replaced @tndp
She answers your rude anchors question many times and as Congresswoman Blackburn said you don't want to listen. Obamacare raised premiums.
"One of the penalties of refusing to participate in politics is you end up being governed by your inferiors"

Plato
Looks like the French learned from our mistake in this country.
Others on CNN could learn a lot from Brianna and Jake T. Relentless is good.
I think she interrupts people too much! I feel anxious watching her interviewing, she talks nonstop...
what's the reporters name??
No one should ever have her on a news program. She is clueless & spouts gibberish.
We have to set our country free from these lying sociopaths. Vote republicans out of office in Nov. 2018.
#IfYouVoteForTrumpcare #healthcarebill
#IfYouVoteForTrumpcare #trumpcare
She's like a stepford.... just repeating words with that blank look
@MarshaBlackburn Ur pathetic that u CAN'T/WON'T answer a simple question. We KNOW the answer: NO U CAN'T GUARANTEE PREMIUMS WON'T BE RAISED.
The republicans playbook. Talk over the interviewer and never answer the question.
What a pathetic representative of the American people
Congress woman
Nice effort Brianna!   Wicked  witch Blackburn has made facts magically disappear for too long! Voters must can her ass!
Rep Blackburn = #lyingcunt
Very nice try Brianna!  That wicked witch has mastered the wizardry of magic "speak" 4 ages on CNN.  She makes facts disappear!
Because she doesn't know what's in it.
The Refucklicans lie so easily about taking away health care. They must believe their own lies at this point!
Kudos to the reporter for not giving her free rein to spew talking points!
She has spread her ignorance long enough .I hope the losers that voted for her do better next time
@RepTedLieu @CNN No rise in Cost is a lie. Projected cost for cancer patient is $34,000 a month.  Ins. Cos say so
@RepTedLieu @CNN Keep Doctor! Yes at $350 a visit. Tests will go undone. Only when sick visits. Millions will die. MASS MURDER
What happens to the 30 million that have no Insurance do they die in the streets Dumbcuck
@RepTedLieu @CNN Ins. companys say they will be forced to lay off employees as they close due to ppl not affording to pay bill
Nup she didn't answer!
@RepTedLieu @CNN Hospitals say they will have to close. My ins. will go to $24k a month. This is mass murder.
@RepTedLieu @CNN Get real! Obama care was based after a State Medical Plan too. This Ryan/Trump Care will kill millions of ppl.
Crazy, but hey everyone will have access, but to what?
By avoiding she has in effect answered. Invite the heartless fool to the funerals of those who die as a result.
Sham. Scammer  liar
Blackburn is lying.
As always @brikeilarcnn doing the good journalism we need now more than ever. Thank you.
Blackburn is a pure POS!
These (R)s all need to go. So clear.
Refreshing to see a reported that doesn't let THE GOP talk around A question to the point that U forget what the question was, good 4 you
they say 'fake news' but when given the chance 2 B clear, they deflect or do as DJT did w/Dickerson & tell us 2 'figure it out for yourself'
She should have said "I'll take your blathering as a "yes" premiums will go up but keep voting GOP" and seen if Blackwell would respond
Just wanted to talk about everything but the bill or the question, how republitypical...
Marsha Blackburn needs to go... To a very remote location where I never need to hear from her again. Preferably a nuclear testing site.
Well I certainly hope they rise- why force millions of others to pay for it!
Cut her mic if she can't answer the question.
Isn't she #MarshaBlackburn just picture perfect politician? Such a rude person & you know it's bad when she won't brag about its benefits
@brikeilarcnn @MarshaBlackburn It is biased interviewing in coordination with the dems and other      obstructionists.
@brikeilarcnn @MarshaBlackburn This is not strong interviewing.
@brikeilarcnn @MarshaBlackburn Brianna insisted on an answer that  was not appropriate at this time. This was typical of what CNN is now.
@brikeilarcnn @MarshaBlackburn the bias Brianna wanted, so she talked over it each time. Obamacare did not improve access to  care.
@brikeilarcnn @MarshaBlackburn that premiums would be reduced. Rep Blackburn kept trying to make that point, but it was not consistent with
@brikeilarcnn @MarshaBlackburn has to pay the cost of those subsidies. There was nothing in  Obamacare to bring rates down despite the lies
@brikeilarcnn @MarshaBlackburn help from the  subsidies, but the total subsidies are already killing all of us through the  deficit. Someone
SEMANTICS....the words they use "options" "Choices" are BULLSHIT. I want AFFORDABLE COMPLETE HEALTH CARE!
@MarshaBlackburn BS answers, you're done. Better get ready for 2018.
@brikeilarcnn @MarshaBlackburn conditions may be less than under Obamacare. Under Obamacare,  they would have gone up. Some might have had
@brikeilarcnn @MarshaBlackburn If this bill that  gives more options to states gets the overall premiums down, the cost  for   preexisting
I trust president who say cheaper better healthcare for whole world!! Russia love the Donlad oh yes we do!
@brikeilarcnn @MarshaBlackburn the basic goal is to do  better then Obamacare and its lies.   Obamacare premiums  are pushing up and up.
@brikeilarcnn @MarshaBlackburn do not seem  capable of  understanding what Rep Blackburn was  saying. The Rep said  what the goal  was and
@brikeilarcnn @MarshaBlackburn that is not answerable yet. It is a shame those  posting below are  so influenced by media like CNN that they
@brikeilarcnn @MarshaBlackburn  She was trying to force Rep Blackburn to answer a question, with a guarantee no less,
@brikeilarcnn @MarshaBlackburn  Brianna is now totally CNN. She used to hold promise for objectivity. It is pitiful what CNN has become.
The key was that everyone would have ACCESS but not AFFORDABILTY!

I have "access" to many things I can't afford.
She dodging the hell out that questionSMH
Another rich person without a clue
bribed GOP....murderers.
Blah blah "access...continuation of access blah blah"

She doesn't even no, and probably doesn't care
=> 3 mins 55 secs of why you never ask the GOP a 'yes or no' question . . .
Probably hasn't read the bill and hasn't seen the CBO score... former CBO Director says more than 24million lose ins & all lose pre-existing
Very graceful & calm responses from the interviewee despite badgering by interviewer. Terrible display of "journalism" @cnn
Cut the mic on those that over talk the host and will not answer the question asked!!!
That stupid ass grin on her face...These ppl have 2 go! Such disrespect for the American ppl & no shame, just lies.
No one cared when manys rates skyrocket under ACA nor that many lost insurance too!
@MarshaBlackburn is a horrible liar. Give the AHCA a chance? Yeah, just like she gave the ACA a chance. She is pathetic.
Even another Republican would be better than Blackburn.
Blackburn has never had an original idea. She mimics whatever her owners dictate she should say. We must do better. #AllVotesMatter  #TN7 
Luv Brianna! Unlike Wolf & schmucks, she sticks it out 2 get a response 2 her ?s & calls them on it when they don't answer. More Brianna pls
New rule:  ask the question 3 times.  No answer, interview over.
Duh! Preexisting condition requires ongoing healthcare. THUS COSTS MORE. Who the heck is going to pay for it if the patient doesn't? US!!!
@RepTedLieu insurance costs me $1500 a month $9000 deductible. No preexisting condition! You kidding me! Obamacare sucks ass
Ha! Southerners
That's because most will lose coverage
A speaking doll? Do you really elect speaking dolls over there?
Or is it some kind of speaking doll contest?
BTW StepfordRep...there's 99 counties in IA. @HouseGOP @SenateGOP have script they've memorized & spew out regardless of the question asked
Blackburn is such a babbler!
Vote that bitch OUT!!
Bloody hell, how stupid is this woman? Why can't she answer a question?!
She's crazy
Batshit is a crazy thing

These people are satanic and have programmed themselves to lie at all cost.
2017, "The Year of The Liar"
Sick.
Access to healthcare is not the same as affordable healthcare.
MARSHA Marsha Marsha You do women & women's healthcare issues a HUGE disservice evading honest answers as good GOP politicians do
SHAMELESS
@brikeilarcnn THANK YOU for doggedly pursuing an answer; may your colleagues follow in your footsteps!!!
Cut her mic.
Typical non answer. Disgusting GOP.  Trump voters are in for a big surprise. The rest of us knew what to expect from these jackholes.
Good reporter. Stayed on point in front of a barrage of meaningless blah blah blah from the repugnant Blackburn.
@MarshaBlackburn talks incessantly and over people. She never answers questions.
Rep. Blackburn has a pre-existing mental condition...
That is a woman consumed by an evil heart.  It radiates from her, a sick, stinking heat I can feel from here.
Gutless @GOP
That's it will just can't tell u now
@MarshaBlackburn 
U sounded like an airhead how did u ever get into Congress? Holy shit u won the "I'm an ASS" award today!
#Blackburn WTF
Incredible. blackburn sounds like a woman reciting her cult leader's script.
Trump beat 16 opponents in the primary that talked this way #AnswerTheQuestion
Coward...
No she wouldn't. What an ass.
lame
Can't stand that bitch!
Its sad. And she's a nurse. Lost her credibility.  Why is she still in the house. Will be gone in 2018.
Never saw anything like this.
Simple answer,  NO
She is dense.
Blackburn uses word ACCESS to healthcare. They aren't promising to provide healthcare, they're promising to provide access to healthcare.
Too bad no journo interviewed Trump like this before the election.
@GovHowardDean @CNN Either because doesn't know (ignorant) or is obfuscating  (lying ).
From Tennessee; definitely not voting for her.
The answer would be "yes" they will rise. 

And I didn't even need to interview the congresswoman.
Listen. All you have to do is listen. These crooks in Congress are despicable and need to be voted out.
these people learn fast..at the best #Venezuela’s Hugo Chávez style they never stop speaking & they never answer the questions
Diane Blackburn is a soulless harpy. Good thing she's pro-life though and lives in the south. She's safe. 
GOP don't give a sh*t about this bill bcoz they have health coverage they just want to get rid of Obamacare at the expense of sick Americans
@MarshaBlackburn you are an embarrassment. Shame on you for that ridiculous display & shame on you for voting for this cruel, heartless bill
this is what sheer evil looks like!
@brikeilarcnn Thank you.
THAT GIRL LAID INTO BLAKBURN'S ASS.. SHE CONSISTENTLY QUESTIONED HER ON A YES OR NO AS TO GUARANTEE OF "NO" RISE TO PREMIUMS! BLK BRN DANCED
Premiums are a fraction of cost. If premiums fall but copays, deduct. and out of pocket max are high, actual care is STILL unaffordable.
She sounded like a robot
Spoiler alert-YES they will
Risk pools don't work!!! Ug.
Blackburn got paid. That is the reality.
Blackburn as evil as the rest.
@JohnJHarwood  Of course she won't.  Indefensible. Hope she pays for her cruel vote. How many in her district will lose insur?
Pathetic response to a simple question. The congresswoman is deaf.
Thank You,  Brianna, 4 committing the rebellious act of journalism. Encouraging and protecting an INFORMED electorate! Keeping pols honest!
Hey @MarshaBlackburn you've become an international embarrassment.
@GovHowardDean 
@MarshaBlackburn is a loser. Too much peroxide.
Of course she won't answer it, prices will sky rocket for pre-existing conditions, lives @ risk so the rich can get wealthier, shameful.
This person is deaf
This was a beaut. Blackburn wouldn't go near answering the question. Evade, evade, evade. What a disgrace!
You better work!! Great job keeping asking the question when Rep. Blackburn kept blathering on and avoiding the question.
@Ant711Ant @CNN Wow. That's some straight up ignorance and disrespect. She gets an A+ in Avoidance. #unqualified
She was never going to answer honestly. She's paid for by the healthcare industry. She's their #LyingShill. Common. Rude. Ignorant.
I'd like to tell @MarshaBlackburn to Talk to Me...I am living proof that ACA, in fact WORKS.  w/o it, I would likely be dead.
CNN needs to do this more, point out the facts stop letting them lie to you dig for the answers. You at war!!
Being alive is a pre existing condition
"Access" is the GOP turn of phrase. Blackburn is a liar & spin-magician.
If course we believe you. Because Repubs have always supported affordable healthcare over increased health business profits... #LiarLiar
@MarshaBlackburn is disgrace #soldout
Blackburn is such a smug pos
Thank you @brikeilarcnn for persisting!  MB has got to go.
@MarshaBlackburn talking, talking, talking but not listening, not answering-just repeating Republican mantra "access. . access. . access"
