REP. JOE KENNEDY lll For PRESIDENT IN 2020!!!
#DraftJoe2020
Let's DRAFT JOE lll in 2020! I'll campaign for him with others in this Oklahoma Red State and change the color to BLUE!!!
Thank you, Karen!  You rock!  
Thank you so much!!! 
Exactly! Trump is insulting the Military by implying that soldiers are easily "Disrupted" by anyone's sexuality/Sex life!
The same line was pushed about women serving on the front lines. I call bullshit on all of it. If they can meet the standard, let them serve
 #DraftJoe2020 Return honesty honor & decency to the WhiteHouse 
Please run for higher office, I can see your strong Kennedy lines clearly.
I'm convinced he is considering a run in 2020 .. how badly we need him to do so gets proven everyday, every time the orange tweets
@potus #MoreHumanismLessTheism #ETHICS #EndViolence #EndRacism #LoveUnconditionally #SinglePayer
"To attain the #truth in #life we must discard all the ideas we've been taught & reconstruct the entire system of our #knowledge"-#Descartes
Yesss! You have your family's sense and morals! Big love from OK.
#DraftJoe2020
love to see  another Kennedy  leading our country,,
Please run for president, our country needs someone committed to service for the people.
Please consider running for POTUS
#DraftJoe2020
Dude!  I like you!  Protect your mic!  Trump/Russia nation will be coming for you. America needs some Kennedy action!
#DraftJoe2020 <~~~~
Thank you for standing up for human rights
Made me think of this monologue from WE WERE SOLDIERS.
Exactly!We have sadly found groups to discriminate against from the beginning of time. We need to use our voices now, as then, to defend ALL
No doubt keep speaking out for your beliefs
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/RepJoeKennedy/status/890232640678363136 … (Ranked 9th for Jul 26.)
Please run for President in 2020.
Just love Joe Kenndy 3. Hope he runs for president 2018
Yea!!!!!!

#HOOSCAL: Which political participant of the Russia collusion / Russia mob ties, will be jailed first? Post a photo with hashtag HOOSCAL. 
Thank you for speaking up for all of us We are so grateful.
THANK YOU. #WeThePeople cannot be silent. #EqualityForALL #TransRightsAreHumanRights #NoTransBan
Well said and totally agree
I been waiting for another Kennedy to be president since 1968 please Joe think it over I campaign every day for you
#DraftJoe2020 
The Dems' dark horse...back this guy!
Run Joe 2020!
Joe Kennedy lll for our president
Yes they do!
Why should our tax dollars pay for there sex change and hormones!!  Ding stupid
When you run for Potus, you have my vote locked!
Watch and see ,Trump is going to try to discredit him.
I was too young and not able to vote for John and Bobby, I was a teenager! Now I may get to vote Kennedy, finally if you Run in 2020!
.@KamalaHarris This is America! You 2 are the leaders @TheDemocrats and our country so desperately need! 

#KennedyHarris2020 
It's kind a weird to hear a politician talk like a adult and care about all Americans not just his side.someone should take notes
well said sir
For the love of country and humanity PLEASE run for POTUS w/ @SenWarren in 2020
I know you won't comment publicly about your plans for the future, but I hope you are considering running for POTUS someday.
#DraftJoe2020
Preach!
@potus #MoreHumanismLessTheism #ETHICS #EndViolence #EndRacism #LoveUnconditionally #SinglePayer
"To attain the #truth in #life we must discard all the ideas we've been taught & reconstruct the entire system of our #knowledge"-#Descartes
Great speech!!!!
Run for #potus
thank you mr kennedy for doing whats right in america
@potus #MoreHumanismLessTheism #ETHICS #EndViolence #EndRacism #LoveUnconditionally #SinglePayer
"To attain the #truth in #life we must discard all the ideas we've been taught & reconstruct the entire system of our #knowledge"-#Descartes
Land of the free and home of the brave.    Freedom to serve with bravery should not be restricted.
Joe Kennedy we need a brilliant mind  in 2020 to run for President you can do it Sir!!

Please run for president.
Right on Joe ! Love you The Bulldog on Crutches ! <3
President Lincoln, King Family, Kennedy Family, Obama Family, and the Kennedy Family returns to restore  hope in Democracy and our Party...
When I defended my country, my sex life was never in question.
The next candidate we choose cannot just be the choice of the DNC. It has to be someone who has guts, humor and charisma. Maybe you??
So grateful & proud of your voice and advocacy!  A true Patriot!  Keep going!! #resist #saveourdemocracy
Awesome
Uncle John said..
I beg for you to run please run for the presidency save our country please I beg of you! it's going to ruins we a nation aboard the Titanic
The #LGBT debate is about genetics! They are BORN this way. #Pence thinks you can just pray "IT OUT"!  Ignorance ISN'T bliss to our friends
One decent republican at least
You are abusolutly right.
Let me live long enough to see you President.  I am a staunch follower of you.  You always make me smile and be proud to be an American.
Sorry? I seem to be lost somehow. Didn't like who?
I do not like the president. I was wishing to see Joe Kennedy as president. :)))
Oh. I read that a complete different way. 
How can you not love the vitality of @RepJoeKennedy. I intend to follow his career closely.
I see a lot of JFK in him and his personality. Hope he stays that way. We need a good leader again. 
You are a smart man and  dynamic orator, Joe Kennedy lll.  You have a heart for humanity. We need YOU as President!!!
Thankyou!
Well said, sir! Thank you so much for telling them that their service really matters. It matters to me very much, but I have a small voice.
Capitalizing on this for political reasons is not only immoral but a disgrace.
Did Kennedy pass law allow transgender in military or did BO just do that last summer after 7.5 years of presidency to capitalize on it now?
Awesome!!! I like this guy! #truth
Thank you Joe.
Go Joe!!!
Will you please run for prez in 2020??? We need you


Joe for President!
Traits unbecoming to a US Pres—greed, egotism, mysogyny,racism,untrustworthiness. Has DT ever defended anything past his own self interest$?
Discrimination is against the law!  Thank You
Kennedy for pres! I'm down in Louisiana. We'll vote for him.
Too bad you look the other way when it comes to military 2nd amendment concealed carry.  Military can't protect themselves.
Please run for President!
To all of you that follow me, please watch Rep Joe Kennedy's incredible message. Trump's msg is a distraction from Russia. Do not let him
When I was PROUDLY in the USAF, I was able to seperate my duty and honor from sexuality. Trump does not see Airman, he sees us as pussys
Trump doesn't deserve to be Commander and Chief of a Paper Bag
2020 Kennedy Thank you !! 
You are so great!!! Thank you.
...how dreamy is he, though? Smart, well spoken, compassionate and DREAMY.
I LOVE THE KENNEDYS
Great speech & message. Although let's note that Trump did not have the decency to even "look them in the eyes," he just tweeted it.
. Not to worry.  The ACLU says trans folks can serve no matter what the pres. says.
Hey goofball, it is a documented MEDICAL disorder, military doesn't need that crap...https://www.psychologytoday.com/conditions/gender-dysphoria …
SALUTE SIR
We have shit like isis and world hunger to deal with. Im more concerned about those than transgenders not joining the military.
Thank you for the eloquence and passion and power of your statement!
Well spoken, sir. I stand against @POTUS & his newest nutjob antic. He has absolutely no respect for anyone...except his secret BFF Putin.
PRESIDENT JOSEPH P KENNEDY 2020
Joe kennedy 2020!!!
Run for president 2020 you will win.

@WillWheatleyy
Yes.
The Next potus
Please run for President ...
Watching some repubs being asked about sessions and how trump is treating him they instead of answering started dancing ,well I have to see
We MUST stand up and speak out against hate and injustice everywhere! Thank you Rep. Kennedy for doing just that!
Wonderfully said. Glad you have the respect that our President does not. Bless you.
You sir are amazing!
I wish all representatives were like you.  I'm not transgender, but I applaud you! -Kelley from Michigan
Joe America Ned's your help to oust this horrible president !
Me saying from a  little country  across the world. This was downright right. #respect
Disrespectful to the service people affected by this. Need to have a law that Twitter cannot be used by a President for announcing US policy
This is so disappointing
Trump, the man who did not serve our country, dares to condemn those that want to serve.  He is a loser.
this is terrible. discrimination must stop.
get rid of the trumps to save this world
Our next POTUS
DT + pals need American tax $$ 2 fund tax cuts 4 wealthy, DT digging to find money anyway he can. They didn't kill healthcare fast enough!
#WAKEUP #STANDUP #SPEAKUP #LOUDVOICESNEEDED #HEALTHCARE4ALL #DelusionsofGrandeur #SELLINGUSOUT #INEPTWH #WannabDickTraitor #WakeUpCongress
Well said Joe!!  Love you Joe!  Please run for President, we need you!
Beautiful thing Sir thank u for ur service !
As @realDonaldTrump becomes more desperate he will attack more and more marginalized groups
Speak out loudly!!
Thank you for being the voice in the wilderness that we so badly need!
This, 1,000,000 times over. Thank you, Mr. Kennedy, for perfectly stating the thoughts and feelings of millions who love ALL in our country
That's why you have to run for President please in 2020.
So much respect to you. Thank you for your kind, heartfelt, and honest words. We need more people like you serving in office.
Why can't Joe Kennedy be our President?!
Ah not true. While a % are accepting of certain things, each Srvc is chock full of homophobes. Been in and around Mil Svcs all my life.
Especially old school senior leadership.
Too bad 45 doesn't behave presidential like you do Mr Kennedy!
THIS! HIM! I want him to be in charge!
Right on RepJoeKennedy. U should consider a run for president in 2018. Thank you for your service.
Run for president 2020!!!! You're the hope, passion, and honesty we need.
He has my Vote. Thank GOD for another Kennedy..
@kwillsmom Gotta love Joe Kennedy III. He's the hope of the future - the best!! @natmmom @miriama59 @kzarr
Please run for President
Joe Kennedy is a better man than tramp will ever be!
Thank you for standing up and showing the world that there is decency in our government.
Love this guy, still waiting for his presidential run!! #can't wait
I seriously cannot wait for my generation's President Kennedy. #JoeForPOTUS!!
 well said bloody well said,
America changed! Not the good side! She regresses! It closes on itself. A great country that now discriminates its children. 
I feel such passion and compassion emanating from you. I think u need a bigger role in this political climate. I want more #JoeKennedy #DNC
You will be missed on Turn
#BringBackCamelot 2020
Please Rep Joe Kennedy lll run for president in 2020. Please be the face of the Democratic Party
Stay strong and remain a voice for those who are having their voice hushed
Yer talking about Trump...
You're getting my vote for president.
Our future Prez!!
You do your family and your country proud. Thank you.
If someone is willing to risk their life for this country they should get to decide however the fuck they want to live.
Please run.
Every day ur clear grasp of ideals & values which wld truly make this a great country & ur ability 2 articulate that vision take my breath
I like the cut of this guys gib!
Thank you
Thank you for standing up for "everyone".
well said. All Patriots of this country stand behind your words in defense of the rights, respect, and honorable service of our military.
Thank you,  sir.  Please! Please! You need to really think about running for the Presidency...we need great, caring and smart people like U!
#KilltheBill2 STOP the Merciless Killing of VETS, Women & Families & Elder$ So that Insurance CORP can Make Little $$$$$
thank you Sir.

And they actually defend all kinds of people, of all faiths, ethnicities, genders, abilities, ages, and creeds. At least in theory. #freedom
@GOP & @POTUS have again taken America out of the lead of other civilized countries but It's ok we will become stronger in taking the lead
Preach,Preach,Preach, Rep. Joe!!!!!***
KamalaHarrisJoeKennedyPOTUS2020
Thank you sir for standing up for all of or American soldiers!
@RepJoeKennedy Pls keep speaking out and speaking to your colleagues in congress. Also consider a run in 2020. We need u!
Perfect! Could not have said it better myself.
POTUS said he would create jobs. Now he's taking them away. Huge thank you for standing up for the rights of all. 
What do you expect from a traitor liar racist bigot.
@RepJoeKennedy u always restore my faith in humanity. Thank God for pple like u who try to keeps us calm during these times
love this US Rep !!! Joe III for President in 2020 !!!!!!
Our country desperately needs you in 2020!!!
Just transition before joining. The military doesn't allow anyone else in who needs this level of medical treatment.
From the bottom of my heart thank you Joe that was an amazing speech I actually thought progress was being made until Donald opens his mouth
Also, there are Sailors, Marines and Airman too!  Not all of us are Soldiers.
There are no words to describe how much love and respect I have for @RepJoeKennedy. Thank you for showing us what "one nation" means. 
What about people with asthma who can't serve?  Are you going to fight for them and their right to serve?  Military readiness is the point.
Thanks Joe, for defending equal & fair treatment for all.
Please consider running in '20!! We need a man like you back in our WH!
Thankful for any American who wants to serve our country. The current President did not serve.
This is the same line as when blacks were not allowed in our military service.
TRUMP SAID A LOT OF THINGS BUT THAT WAS LIES. TODAY HE  SHOW THE WORLD WHAT HIS WORD MEAN NOTHING THE TRANGENDER SOLDIERS HAVE BEEN OUTCAST
Again, Trump making problems where there aren't any.More disruptions..more attempts to weaken our defenses. Obvious Trump is a RUSSIAN AGENT
Decency.   How strange and beautiful that word sounds in my ears during this hellacious regime tearing apart our country.
I am in tears of anger. Bravo Joe! #joekennedy2020
Thank you for always standing for what is rt & being a voice for those without one. I sincerely hope to work on your POTUS campaign someday.
I will be in line to help right beside you!#2020!
Couldn't be said better
The Dems need a new beginning. Perhaps a #newfrontier ? Since nepotism isn't an issue anymore,  please consider making a Kennedy cabinet
#Kennedy2020 please!
Wise words from a Kennedy.  Thank you for being their.  #loveislove
Run Rep. Kennedy for President, please
I need to move to your district so I can be one of your constituents!!! Keep up the good fight, @RepJoeKennedy !!!!!
Trump the draft dodger
Get 'em Joe! Keep fighting for human rights deserved by all citizens. Appreciate you.
Bravo young man. Bravo
Thank you Rep. Kennedy!
Well actually, that is pretty naieve on both counts. The gov casts us aside after use.
What ever marches are planned ahead, banners of Joe should be carried so the mass will know who he is - the next great American
You are the reason I still have faith in America You give me hope. America we must stand up for all Americans together
And regardless of political parties
That's right buddy. They're giving up their lives even for rich spoiled Billionaires born with silver spoons in their mouth.
Thank you.
