
Don't claim to be pro equality.
Marched for what again?
6 months ago u marched to celebrate the killing of the unborn. And you call urself a Muslim. Please not in our name.
@lsarsour U R 
@lsarsour,U R 
It didn't mean anything then and it means nothing now!
Lol so self important
but the end of @lsarsour s political dreams.
What a day! #6MonthsSinceWomensMarch
I know Linda tried to sell strict Sharia by saying there's no interest loans. Yet Sharia is like the Talmud;very strict religious/Muslim law
Sharia states that women are half of men. A woman's testimony is half of a man's. A woman gets half of inheritance.
If a woman gets raped she needs 4 witnesses to prove she was raped. If she was raped w/ no witnesses that sex can be seen as adultery which
can be punishable by death or even death  by stoning. Women do need a male guardian wherever they go. Men make all the decisions.
Women are seen as wicked and women can bring shame & they must be covered. A theif will lose his/ her hand.
http://www.billionbibles.org/sharia/sharia-law.html … Since Linda loves Sharia she has to agree with all of the laws of Sharia.
Sharia is the strictest religious laws or law code in use on this planet and is as regressive as regressive gets.
If Islam is peaceful then why has it been at war since it's very 1st war against both Muslims & non-Muslims? Why always in a war w/someone?


Next time can y'all not trash the place? Or be so discriminatory?
You march for non-issues. Why don't you speak out about the girl detained in Saudi Arabia for wearing mini skirt
you just can't let it go. can you, @lsarsour ?
Soros, Sharia and NWO March!
When are  u marching against sharia law, fgm, forced marriage, women's rights in Islamic countries?
I will never forget this experience!
What did @POTUS do in less than 2Wks to take women's rights away?Why not all the outrage under Obummer before election before he took office

@POTUS did nothing to take rights away so the problems existed before him during Obummer so why blame @POTUS for preexisting issues?
I see a bunch of male counterparts out there
Yeppers, certainly not Women's March. If it was then why was it not broadcast live by MSM?
You do see all the little pink hats they're wearing, right? 

And MSM did cover
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump hadn't been elected& impeachment was already being called out.Huge turnout was him winning & not just women's rights
So you agree that it really happened, thats a great start! And yes, perceived threat to equal rights by DT was a motivation for many.
Perceived but not justified. Also hard to believe planning began after inauguration as claimed since impeachment was cited before election
Are you sure it's not justified? Climate/science was a popular topic at march. Paris accord down, non scientists in leadership science roles
If Climate change real then why are we at record lows for tornadoes& hurricanes? Why do the "Experts" deny raw data from balloons/satellites
Resistance to what exactly? A free America , a free world ? Freedom from terror?



Still selling those pink hats on eBay for 99cents
glad you marched for the rights of unborn women. Oh wait, you didn't

Thank you @womensmarch for forcing us all to be aware of @lsarsour #Wahhabi That's 1 good thing you did. Can you name another?
6mos ago some women sent themselves back 100 yrs behind a FGM proponent and rapist, kidnapper, and murderer.
Yea right..and what did it prove? Go get a job that is productive
great
I hope y'all earn the right to be drafted first for WW3 since yall think yall are so unequal
Sending a bunch of liberals over n pussy hat's with guns 2 protect this country. When most can't even protect their own vagina with a condom
Why are you intent on turning our country into a battlefield?
The beginning of what? Did you do anything in your community to really make a difference? Volunteer to teach a child to read, soup kitchen?
Oh and you have made tons of progress too huh? Actually women's rights have actually regressed in the last 6 months! WTG
What did you accomplish besides leaving litter and make fools of yourselves wearing pussey hats?  How are women better off today? Curious
What, specifically, are we trying to change? What laws and policies?
Women at women's march: "Duhhhh I don't know, racism and sexism and misogyny  and... stuff!" *cheers* 
Marching is a good way to lose weight
Trump helping fat women lose weight.
I was so honored, privileged and thankful to be part of the #ATL #SisterMarch and am 110% committed to continuing to #Resist !
Awesome...hope you were cool with people who didn't like the Obama.
It really wasn't about obama at all, where I was everyone was welcome.
Yeah, I didn't notice any anti-Obama rhetoric/signs/etc. Some people were obviously to the left of Obama/Clinton, like me, but welcome vibe,
We need the first priority to be ratifying the #Equal Rights Amend. No US woman is living in a democracy w/out Constitutional equality #ERA

If this would have been of the women's march it would have been all over the news but I never saw 1 station with live feed of this. Nice try
It was...maybe just not on the channels you choose to watch?
Cause you want this woman supporting you. Ever so smart.
No Sharia! Not Here!
I'm still wondering if these know that you support sharia law, and that you want to take over our culture.
Linda, would you like to live in Saudi Arabia since Sharia is in use? You've said you like Saudi Arabia. What do you like the most?
Linda, would you like the States, Canada, & Western Europe to have Sharia be the only law in these countries? Like gradually happen over tim
Linda, does it upset you that when the Muslims first invaded/conquered India to the 1700s killed 400 million Hindus? They're infidels.
I think if Linda lived in Saudi Arabia she'd be punished within 5 minutes.
She couldn't wear make-up. She'd have to be escorted by her husband or brother or son everywhere she went.
She'd be so restricted in Saudi Arabia that she'd go fucking crazy.
I think Linda likes the freedoms that the west provides which she could never have in nearly all Islamic countries.
If you've got a burqa clad woman in the lead, I'm afraid it's the end of this "women's movement." SCIENCE DISPROVES ALL RELIGIONS.
6 months
I was there
That crowd is so massive compared to the inauguration.
Seems like 20 years.

One March was great you all got some exercise for a change it never achieved anything as it was a hate rally the new March was a failure too
The bad thing is Trump likes to think that is at his  inauguration  even if it does have pink pussy hats
#6MonthsSinceWomensMarch #6MonthsOfResults @aa_huddle
Ugh, you're all a bunch of professional victims. Stop marching and shouting excrement and become responsible decent human beings!
No, it's over. Mainstream America has no interest in your far left message nor respect for the kooks and wacko birds who deliver it.
No man would have any if u ....luv the burka, enjoy.. don't come crying to us men when u get Sharia law... Enjoy. " Laddies" dumb asses
Look what power did
Linda Sarsour went on a women's rights march yeah.  She promotes #Sharialaw and #FGM.  Sharia Law & FGM is not in favour of women's rights.
& now #MarchForMueller, stand w @ACLU to #Resist #VoterSuppression, rspct #ProtectMyVote @dccc @dcccd @GOP #MonumentsForAll #ClimateAction

Been doing it ever since.
At the Texas Capitol.
#passtheera
March in IRAN
We need another one!
I was broken after the election.Couldn't people see how Trump was the epitomy of everything we fought against to get the rights we have?
My husband threw on his Armstrong Plaid and marched with me. It gave me hope.
Proud to have been a part of this historic movement  #6MonthsSinceWomensMarch
It's time to #takeaction again! Please call it the #WeThePeople March or anything more inclusive. It's about our country not party or gender
Please wear the crotch hats again, 
The People United will Never be Defeated!  Thank you!
Some of the signs were just AWESOME!
Glad you are celebrating something positive and not a #CopKiller
Organise it via making Twitter accounts private temporarily or organizing via burner phones. Massive amounts of people can flood the area
Do a surprise shut down of all access to Bedminster Golf course in August while TRUMP is due to be there. Don't protest, take power overtly
Can we do it again please
The more this regime is pushed = harder they push back back

we have 2 advantages..we are right..& we are STRONGER!
#6MonthsSinceWomensMarch
Proudest day of my life marching in Washington, DC alongside hundreds of thousands of my sisters and brothers 
I am so ready to hit the streets again- even though they will have to be London streets. #resist #persist
Marched with your pussy hats on as national disgraces. #MAGA 
#6MonthsSinceWomensMarch
The day after Lord Dampnut's inauguration.
Most memorable event of 2017!
Wow!!!  What a statement!
Proud of you @sarahsophief 
"only the beginning" to what? You've lost every single election since the march. Carry on idiot.
ReTweet #PowerfulThoughtsOfWomen new book Gods Gift http://amazon.com/dp/1532764383  Inspirational Women #Quotes #Advice & #Satire RT TY  @katyperry
You love cop killers. You love ppl who want genital mutilation ,throw gays off building and stone women to death. Complain about men. Smh
And 4 days since your loving tweet of a terrorist
Who knew 6 months ago you would be supporting a cop killer.
Term limits are needed
Marched for what?  Why? Just why? I seriously don't understand what the march was for. Like hands across America? We are the world?
Neither do the people who marched
This is who the @womensmarch , @lsarsour , and anyone who supports them hold in the highest regard. A convicted cop killer. #Disgusting
This what REAL feminism looks like! All you guys do is complain about a fake patriarchy. Saying all white men are evil is wrong.
WE ARE WAY OVERDUE FOR ANOTHER NATIONAL MARCH!  #TRUMP TALKING OF PARDONING HIMSELF & THINKS HEALTH INSURANCE COST $12 A YEAR!!!
All your other marches have worked so well
We need to do this again but add a side dish of general strike to it.
Occupy.
Your org has been conquered by Islam; SoSour has you defending Jihad & FGM, while fellating Islam. You're a parody and a walking shadow.
We must #RESIST! We will bring WAR to the WHOLE F*** WORLD! Let is all BURN! Let people DIE! Blood on the STREETS! TRUMP WILL GIVE UP THEN!
6 months of nothing happening. Good job
March for 10 years ain't nothing gonna happen 
BEST TWEET EVER 
supported women's march in the past. I am rethinking since the naming a Convicted Cop Killer to be praised. Who made this terrible decision.
Six months since you wore vagina hats and were lead by a jihad loving Palestinian that wants to wreck American culture. Get over yourselves
Nobody has freedom and equality till ALL have freedom and equality #momssisterspartnersfriends
We do all have freedom and equality, which is what makes the Women's March a joke.
What was it you're all marching for/against/with? Your message isn't very clear, aside from it being for women....
They don't know.
#RallyforHealthcare is July 29 in DC and cities across the country. The fight continues.
exactly what did you prove? what changed? Just the begining? what more pussy hats? more wallking vagina's? more women acting like fools?
bigger than trumps little party!

This was one of the most remarkable times of my life.  Side by side with my sisters, brothers, all for a common cause...to stop hatred!
Aren't u sweet. Take care. Xoxo
Aren't U insane!
Have a great weekend.  Enjoy those around you...let it go <3
Pensacola, FL 6 months ago @womensmarch
Adelantě!
How long since you celebrated a cop killer?
I hope we do it again on the anniversary. Even bigger. Even louder.
Yes, I can't wait to wear my Pussy Cat Hat!
Woman are the Majority of voters now, and for God sake, we need to get everyone to vote. Hilary won & was the most qualified. #Vote2018
Hate to break the bad news to you. Hillary didn't win.
Hillary was qualified to put the final nails in the coffin of America...like the Progressive Loonies in Europe.
Stop marching have babies and learn how to knit an American flag, will ya?
Single stay at home mom. While u stay home on our taxpayer dollars? Honey, who do u think we marched for?
You March to keep women at home on welfare? That's curious.
No march to not have that help taken away when you need it. Ingrate.
None of you know why you're marching. If it was about paying women to stay at home-you would stay at home.
#6MonthsSinceWomensMarch
My sister and her partner at the March.
Why not take all the females in your family to Pakistan & see 1st hand if Koran/Sharia really do give women's rights as @lsarsour promises?
Proud member of the #resistance 6 months ago & every day & every protest since! #resist #6MonthsSinceWomensMarch
One of my favorite days. And I'm really to do it again!
#WomensMarch
You girls should all do it and not wear tampons! You will show us men!
I'm an 86 yr. old Handicapped Korean Vet and am 100 %  with you on your Journey. Put Trump and Company in Prison !!!
