Tillerson told reporters his interpretation of the exchange was that the men agreed on the need to move past the election interference issue
Our voting system was never tampered with according to Barack O.
It's the only way to feel secure that Trump will be elected for a send term!
Isn't this a truly bizarre capitulation? Chamberlain, redux? Could POTUS, etc., really be willing to hold their noses and just proceed?
Ur "interpretation"! Any1 else want to give their interpretation? Ivanka, Jared, Kellyanne, Donald Jr., Eric?
Hopefully investigations and courts can decide when we move past this. The public certainly won't be forgetting this: waiting for an answer
No kidding. Why'd Obama sit on his ass for all these years?
Paper ballots. Nothing more nothing less.
Yet no liberal media was outraged when obama knew about this in August, funny how that isn't critical to you and your party.
Show me 1 Dem calling for hand counted paper ballots
Forgive and Forget NOTHING of the hacks/collusion.
Why not give Snowden and Wikileaks a pass too  one big stinking Russian Faberge Egg
They want to "move past" free and fair elections.
States sent a clear message to the feds recently. They feel their systems and processes are safe and secure. Need no assistance from feds.
"Move past??" Are they kidding?? Since when do we just look the other way when crimes are committed?
And not really up to Putin to tell us when to move on- this is insane. Putin and Trump decided we should move on? Is this a joke?

If your plan is to give the GOP unlimited power forever, then it's not dangerous at all.
@NPR 

Well, of course those 2 want to move beyond 2016 "tilt to Right" of Electoral College. Perpetrator & Benefactor! Surprise!
Trump doesn't have to say on camera "Russia if you're listening"..he now has direct contact! trump insurance for 2020.
#TheResistance not "moving past" election hack just like Spidey not moving past Resistance Hulk
There's nothing to secure.
Of course they did...
What da? Yall are bugging!
Trump and Putin can move past all they want, others still investigating.
@SenDuckworth @SenatorDurbin What are you doing to secure our elections? What is being done about Cyberwarfare, cyber security?
#Trump does NOT want voting system secured

He's giving #Putin a  to #WhiteHouse

This point on #Putin not interfering bc he's invited!
He wants voter supression to decrease voting by poor people.
https://youtu.be/GhBtfiRKaVY  This is the biggest unreported lead.
Why would he care if it's benefiting him ? This is trump. He cares about trump, not america's security.
That's a large scale of one guy sucker punched another and the victim agrees they should just move on. REALLY?? Except DJT was in on it.
@GOP @POTUS, 
WE WILL NOT GO QUIETLY INTO THE NIGHT...
signed the American people
#TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion #USA
Tillerson is dirty too. Him and Putin are booty buddies.
Considering the petty things the GOP has refused to "move past" when it served them politically (Monica Lewinsky etc.), this is an outrage.
Sec Tillerson, this is not leadership, and my opinion is not fake
I guess they don't care since Trump won, and they'll be happy to look the other way as Russian-led disinformation continues.
Move along. Nothing to see here.

#NEVERMOVINGPAST
Sad thing w/ election fraud & trump corruption is that Republican Congress & Senate took an oath to protect & defend yet are doing nothing!
We must never move past an attack on our democracy!  Clearly shows Trump is incompetent to lead our nation.
Voting systems are vulnerable to attack while Trump's voting commission aims to purge voting records. #WarOnVotingRights on 2 fronts
Dangerous for us. And Trump and the #GOP don't care about that. @maddow @JoyAnnReid
P1
For all you know Trump successfully gave Putin the biggest intel ever!!!!
Oh no.
What else do u expect a CERTIFIED FRIEND OF RUSSIA (CFOR) to covfefe
Agreed, but let us remember that Obama knew there was a problem
Oh, and BTW, protecting the voting system does NOT mean purging it of eligible voters who do not agree with you, you fascist, GOP mfers
The Russians sking US to move past election interference is like a serial adulterer beseeching his wife to just get over it.
The GOP does not want it secured. They are going to do anything they can to suppress the vote so they can have a Constitutional Convention!
Of course, Putin, the guy who orchestrated the "interference," and Trump, the guy who benefited from it, would think it's time to "move on"
It's absurd!  Trump wants to 'move past it' so that Putin can help him win 2018, 2020 and beyond.  He has neither morals nor ethics.
@MarkRuffalo @NPR 

Putin: I NEED loyalty & "WISH" you could get beyond "question" of our interference in '16 Election!
45: YES!
Move past is what the WH wants, which is insane!  Let's hope n pray the house n senate don't feel that way!
WOW! Special dispensation from the Pope(s). Sorry Francis, these two dispense their own religion but it still is about control of people
Putin naturally agreed. He needs time to prep for interfering in the next US election. How long is the GOP Congress going to sit idly by?
Move past - they didn't hurt each other's feelings..Russia meddled in our voting system!
He can move past it.  Resign, please.  We'll stay on top of it!
If it were so dangerous Obama should've done something from August 2016 to January 2017
Did nothing
This is the excuse for RFID CHIPS. "All we have to do is match your chip to THE LIST & you can vote. No chip? You can't vote." DANGER!!!
I think we should all refuse to vote electronically.  Paper ballot only.
@joanwalsh @NPR "One year of Watergate is enough" Richard Nixon
When you work from the premise that this move benefits Trump/Tillerson financially then it makes perfect sense. The Selling of Democracy
It is the only way the GOP can win. They need to cheat or have Putin's help Now I know why America isn't in Revelation,won't be significant
Of course they want the investigation stopped!
They HAVE already moved past it straight TO 2018/2020. #Resist
Treasonous
What Tillerson said is disgraceful and concerning
If Trump didn't collude for 2016, sure looks like he's colluding in plain sight for 2020. How else can you interpret his disregard for IC?
I'd put it in diff way. It's a complete abdication of duty. Aiding and abetting the enemy that attacked us.
@VP is heading a voter fraud/integrity commission and the White House is working on fixing cyber security issues.
I.e., Trump will get the same help from the Russians in 2018 and 2020.
The hell we are going to move on from treasonous #FakePOTUS45 to satisfy Putin #25AmendmentNow 
Based on what we know or think we know that would be treason. Like the general whose name is never mentioned he is conspiring with an enemy.
Right, I have been begging the House & Senate to do something to strengthen our defenses against future hacks but I don't see/hear anything!
IF anyone is doing anything about it, they're not saying, but I think Americans need to know. U know @realDonaldTrump  won't do anything.
@realDonaldTrump would rather point fingers instead of actually DOING SOMETHING about the problem. HELLO! @realDonaldTrump ARE U LISTENING??
Oh yeah....  that is not happening.
@npr Tillerson, Trump & perhaps even Putin have said move forward BUT US Congress & DOJ are anything but finished with 2016 election issue.
#crowdstrike .... turn over the server
@JoaquinCastrotx maybe they can move past it but US citizens and Congress will not! Our democracy demands us not to .
BS
Trump won't because he needs Putin in 2020 that's why no note taker in the meeting so we only have their word on what was actually said
We need a presidential candidate who can win with an indisputable majority and the down ballots to ride the coat tails. Obama,M. perhaps.
Why would they, they're relying on it.
Hey but..."voter fraud" more important. Elections being hacked...no big deal. Get with the program people! They've got $$$ to make!
No one seems to be doing anything to protect the USA from Russia, but entire Fed Govt is flailing wildly to intimidate North Korea- FAILED
So the man who robbed the bank and the man who gave him the combo to get into the safe agreed to forget all that while counting the ? WTF?
@JoaquinCastrotx @NPR
Nope nope nope....
The @WhiteHouse does not want fair elections. They will stop at nothing to ensure a one-party dictatorship.
So Trump and Putin believe we should all move past the election interference issue. Wow? 
So an election was rigged. It's in the past. Let's just forget about it. Nah.
BS
That's the GOP plan. To leave things unsecured so Trump's friend Putin can hack our elections again. Democracy damn near dead!
Well reporters & Mueller disagree w/ that strategy
nothing wrong with voting systems. Almost impossible to mess except allowing non-citizens or dead people to vote b/c you won't require ID.
Well, of course, let's not talk abt those illegal things we did. We might let something slip.
Is it interference if Trump ASKED Putin??? Trump's behavior seems to me to be indicating that is exactly what happened
Most States are adopting the Florida - Texas system where election results are NOT transmitted online, but by Intranet. Flash Drive &  paper
Unless you physically cut the line, you can't hack intranet.
Yes you can. Iran can vouch for that. A worm or virus can ride the same media as the machines' setup configs.
We need strict VoterID laws.
Many of us have been calling for years for hand counted paper ballots only (electronic hacking) and were called Conspiracy Theorists.
now just move forward lift those pesky sanctions and drill arctic oil
To move on from election hacking w/out any action is like being raped & not acknowledged. You can't get past it.
Too bad for them the American people are not ready to move on yet.
Apparently, if anything, they distributed facts that the Democrats did not want us to know. The Russians may have done what our media didn't
Not high on Trump's priority list...
Pure ignorance....
it favors trump's reelection and keeps him safe in 2018 from dems winning & impeaching him: this is pure self interest on both sides #truth
Its so Trump can focus on important things like voter fraud
That's a non-sequitor - interference of the type alleged didn't implicate voting system.
Bank robbers always want everyone to "move past" the stick-up, and think about something else.
Ted Bundy: "I killed at least 36 women, but it's time to move on to law school."

Tillerson: "Time to get past those women problems.
Or... When GOP is actively soliciting voter information to give to Putin
@joanwalsh @NPR Simple-Gobble up Crimea;start a war in Ukraine;assassinate opponents;get a pat on the back fm Idiot Pretender!Ugh
Bwahahaha of course the two in cahoots want to get past it
No, it's cool.

Trump and Putin are putting together a US RU cyber security working group.

Problem solved .

*hand dusting gesture*
We didn't do it and we'll never do it again.
And WILL do nothing, if Trump & Put in can help it.
Really? y aren't u fools questioning husein obama? He knew and did NOTHING! He knew HRC would keep on w/his crap! wasn't prepared for TRUMP
Don't worry they are ensuring election saftey by making it hard for many to vote. This is fine
Trump: "I'm from the Government...Trust me."
Russian hacking / interference was the cyber equivalent of Pearl Harbor or 9/11. Our most basic institution was attacked. We just move past?
#Crowdstrike turn over the server
YA THINK ??
NPR is a taxpayer funded propaganda machine 
I think Tillerson is ready to remove sanctions, which no doubt they'll blame Obama.
Of course! Then, hopefully when a real President is in office, the sanctions will be in place again.
Each state has this responsibility.
They prefer it that way.
This is so dangerous!  What will happen in the 2018, 2020 elections?
Interference and voter suppression!
Can you give context and interplay with this https://gcn.com/articles/2017/06/07/voting-systems-critical-infrastructure.aspx?m=1 …
Of course they would.  Trumps moves should be seen as just pure treason!

The nub: @GOP embraces #authoritarianism & foresakes #democracy b/c they're in the minority & cannot win free ballot/fair count elections.
It is purposeful, unfortunately.
This is absolute rediculous and smacks of collusion.
We were attacked, literally cyber war and that fool wants to...move on. Insane
.@POTUS needed to make clear it won't be tolerated; not move past but!
I guess if GOP was hacked it would be another story not to mention all that Dump owes to Russians.
Republicans know enough to not use 'password' as their password. Imagine if Podesta were Chief of Staff right now...
Realty check potus has no intention to do anything about it. Will fire Mueller and continue to ignore if he thinks he benefits. Putin won.
That clip of Putin standing guard while Tillerson signed that deal says it all. Chilling intentional optics by Putin. Ur right. Putin won.
Would rather be wrong here but am coming to realization that this is new reality and it will likely make our country a different place.
Yes. Polarized doesn't even cut it anymore, and if our ability to access info becomes compromised we are all in grave danger. So very scary.
Every criminal just wants to "move on".
Yeah. It's not like Trump isn't acting B/C he will use the Russians in 2018 and 2020...cough cough
@realDonaldTrump is probably the worst person able to read another's intentions in all the universe, & nobody seems to notice. Oh' the Irony
Isn't that nice! I think Mueller has other ideas.
@KoolaidUSA The only move Trump has made is steps toward suppressing the vote, nothing to deter Russian tampering.
We have no intention of "moving on"! #Resist
Isn't the media the real vector damage was done via?  Has anyone addressed how they will deal with targeted leaks and state hacking?
That is not for @realDonaldTrump to 'agree on'.
Time to move on! Trump Co and Ivanka needs some trademarks in Russia like the 30+ they got from China recently. Come on, give em, give em
trump & Putin agreeing 2 move past  ongoing act of war seems like moving past ur husband's affair when he is still inside the other woman.
Yes, very much so
@Plaid_Tillerson 45 is an illegitimate president that's why we r not gonna go past this. Every Traitor needs to go to prison
Sure move past it
Let Ru advance to mid-terms
Unimpeded
To finish job started 2015
Take down U.S
WTF?
!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No! They made it waaaaay safer with this joint cyber task force! Amirite?
Oh do not worry. We will not move past. @PutinRF_Eng does not have his way with us yet
LOL! So, perhaps that means Trump will soon fire Mueller?
Well #Trump is depending on it happening again. Millions of botnet FB & Twitter accts posting propoganda helped one candidate. #TrumpPutin
This is insane! Especially since Trump & GOP are actively working to suppress the vote!!
I'm guessing they plan on being in power forever & maybe some of their interests intersect with Russia's so to them, what's the harm?
I'm guessing they are traitors committing treason & pissing on the Constitution and they will continue doing so until we stop them. #Resist
@realDonaldTrump "Will no one rid me of this meddlesome priest?"
How utterly ridiculous. Putting the fox in charge of the henhouse.
Tillerson is Putin Friend.Of Course.He will tell us anything.Trump Pat.Grip.and Smile at his Buddy
It's awfully inconvenient for Trump to have the whole "Russia cloud" hanging over his head. That's their idea of doing something to Putin.
Excuse me? We most certainly have done something. We disbanded the election monitoring commission that monitors potential hacks. See???
Think it's up to these two to " move past election interference " ?
Like two criminals excusing their past crimes to focus on future crimes
The GOP is making sure that election interference is their trademark...kinda like the Don
No this is not the time to move on it's time to hold Russia to account if Trump doesn't do it he needs to resign.
@NPR They won't do anything, it's the only way they'll win in 2018/2020!
there is a term for this in abusive relationships - rugsweeping. everybody pretends it didn't happen, normal life resumes, until next abuse.
predictable
Paper ballots, everyone
@realDonaldTrump sends tillerson out to get us ready for the absolute fuckery he's about to commit by undoing the russian sanctions.
"Move past" foreign interference in the central process of American representative government? Spoken like someone who's never been elected.
It seems like #Syria is something #Putin held on to until today to give #Trump a victory. 

#TrumpRussiaCollusion
Hmmmmmmm.
Will anyone in the GOP care? Robert Mueller is our last hope.
You hairbrains are fighting the voter probe
Trump apologists should also know that this encourages others (e.g. China, NK) to execute similar attacks for their preferred candidate.
I don't understand you "move past" it when other elections are coming up.
Not surprising unfortunately
Yah I bet they did....
And that the Russians are hacking us now
Apparently it's not dangerous if you're GOP.
