Thank you for speaking for SO many of us! 
OMG. THAT is the most dapper handsome kid ever!!
Thank you! 
I look forward to your policy proposal for how to do what you apparently want to do and how to pay for it... Thanks!
Tweek Obama care
How?
Trumpcare will cost even more.   Bernie Sanders,  McCain hv  good ideas.  Tune in to their sites
Again, if you like Medicare for All, how do we pay for it? Massive increase in taxation is not an option? Why does Fed have to do it?
Re tax increases,  they r playing a game re a bad tax reform where they lower taxes but it is for rich and corps. the most,   a ruse.
Bernie has  some of the best ideas but they will cut him off.  He is too honest.
Adorable!!!!!
My daughter has been under the care of children's health services & still is at 44 years. DO NOT PUT POTUS FOWN 4 OBAMAS FUCK UP HOW DARE U!
U with ur pockets lined with GOLD HAS THE NERVE TO BAD MOUTH POTUS WITH OUT ANY FACTS IM SICK OF PEOPLE LIKE U AND FAKE NEWS SHUT UR Mouth!
so happy for your baby good karma from good people

Thanks for standing up @jimmykimmel my son was diagnosed with cystic fibrosis and we couldn’t afford his care without the #ACA
I know you probably won’t see my tweet. But your actions mean a lot. #thankyou @JimmyKimmelLive @jimmykimmel
He's too cute!
Dios bendiga a ese chamo. 
Thank you Jimmy Kimmel.. Hugs for Billy and your wife.
A lot of ACA recipients owe u a huge debt of gratitude for raising awareness on this issue.u are on the right side of history and thank u
THANK YOU @jimmykimmel YOU TRULY HELPED SAVE SO MANY LIVES!!!!!!!!
Thank you for taking a stand!
Billy is adorable! God bless!
And thanks to you for using your ability to shine a bright light on the issue. The vulnerable need advocates who will speak truth to power.
Thank YOU Jimmy! Stay on it!
Thank u for fighting the good fight. All children deserve excellent healthcare & contagious smiles!
You,re so welcome just to c Billy's smile is,so heartwarming.this is near to my heart. I lost my precious daughter to cancer. lov to all AJ
Thank You @jimmykimmel for using your voice and experience as a medical parent to help! 
All politics aside, your cute little dude made my day.
Thank u @jimmykimmel 4 using your platform to help millions blessings 2 u your beautiful family kiss that sweet boy 4 all of America #goneGrahamCassidy
He's just beautiful and so content and happy.
You have two of the cutest kids! Thanks for being a voice for people who need it right now. Keep doing what you’re doing!
He is so adorable! 
Such a happy boy! Bless him, you and the people still fighting for quality and affordable healthcare for all.
It is good bye for now, but let's stay vigilant. Thanks for your advocacy!

That face!
Thank you and all the best to you all and particularly to the little guy...
He's absolutely precious!
Thanks for caring Jimmy. Your input gave me the courage to call each of the people listed, although voicemail was full for all. You inspire.
Honored to donate in honor of your beautiful boy! Thanks for standing up for those who need it, Jimmy :)
Many thanks to you. You helped lead the way and mobilize the troops! This was huge effort on the part of so many. We should all stand proud.
If there's anyone who needs subsidized service, it's late night tv comics.
He's adorable, Jimmy. Thank you for taking a stand to help us with health care. I'm on medicare, and I am truly terrified about what's next.
Thank you for standing up for my sister. She was helped so much by Obamacare. You advocated for my hero. Thank you so. So. So. Much.
#PowerOfVoice
Hi beautiful boy! Thank your daddy for standing up to @realDonaldTrump, the big orange bully!!
Oh my look at that adorable smile! This year your holidays will be so much fun!! Nothing more fun than little ones @ Christmas
He's already funny .

You need to cover up those hairy ass knees. Beautiful baby.
@GOP Grim Reapers-EVIL MEN-won't stop so keep vigilant! THESE MEN MUST NEVER RULE AGAIN, they don't support us or our children.Thank you 
May God bless your precious bundle of joy. Many blessings to you and your's.
I watch your show all the time @jimmykimmel iam british butlive in abu dhabi.What an inspiration you are #heathcare u should stand for potus
Thank you @jimmykimmel for giving a voice to all those little ones who can't speak for themselves. God Bless you & your family.
Omg he looks just like you....im so sorry :p
@POTUS Billy and all nthe children deserve to be happy and that requires decent health care, not the crap Repubs try to give us
All the best to you little guy!
what a DOLL Love to him....Gorgeous baby..and Adorable Big Sister always say prayers for your family!
Thank you BOTH and @SenatorCollins
You did America a great service, @jimmykimmel by making people aware! Bless your family!
THANK YOU, for sharing your family's experience, and helping in the fight against TrumpCare. Wishing your son a happy and healthy future 
Because we often neglect sick babies. You spread panic, and it is so wrong. Will never watch you again.
Jimmy I had a baby born with transposition OF THE GREAT VESSELS I DIDNT CRY BECAUSE MY BABY WAS SICK WE HAD NO MONEY WE DID GET HELP GROW UP
USA "MUST PASS LAW" if u don't have ACA, u do have armed security protect u, u cant not LIE that ACA is great, and guns r bad. #jimmykimmel
So Jimmy, how much have you donated to your less fortunate friends in Texas and Florida? #$1000000000MAGA
No, @jimmykimmel Thank You! You helped more than you will ever know! God Bless! Lylah & I wish Billy nothing but the best! OXOXOX
Awwwwww! What a sweet little face!!!
Thank you Jimmy. Your gorgeous little guy will be so proud of his dad 
Mia you rock
Should be looking at domestic terrorist groups, alt-right, tea party,  supporters, republicans, Fox cable, NRA,etc
thank you Jimmy Kimmel - this little guy is so worth fighting for  and your words I truly believe made a great difference
This is my favorite tweet today.
Mine too!! 
I have a great idea. U & ur celebrity friends should have a fund for less fortunate ppl's healthcare so average paid ppl dont have too!
What an absolute beauty!!  You have been very blessed. Congratulations and so happy all is well with this little guy
We respect and thank you. Healthcare is a very major concern for many of our families, from our team to you, THANK YOU.
#BuildingABetterYou #BABY... Worth a thousand years of fighting...
@jimmykimmel  for #POTUS
Complications following inoculation are due to manufacturer error, not following guidelines. The vaccine works perfectly if recipe followed.
So cute,  I asked 4 a Billy tweet,  appreciate it,  and u. U deserve a medal of honor,  and freedom medal.
Congratulations the baby @jimmykimmel finished surgery heart. That's right baby smiling. Was thought the baby healthy? #Why need to surgery?
"Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful ... beautiful boy" and I know you can't wait to see him come of age.  Thank you for helping MY son..
Dude! He has enormous, hairy ears. Oh wait. Never mind...
Seriously, thanks for speaking up!
Great job you two.
That kid has the biggest, hairiest ears I’ve ever seen
My granddaughter was born with Pulmonary Atresia. At 5 years old she has had 3 heart surgeries but still plays as hard as any child.
Thank you, Jimmy
Behind you all the way Jimmy!  Thank you for speaking out
i love him so much
The cutest thing in my feed today! Love it!

THANK YOU for speaking out!
You baby is adorable
Sweet sleeps kimmel family Well done 
God bless 
YES! And thank YOU Jimmy Kimmel.
Thank you for speaking up. Even if some people are to deaf or dumb to understand.
Thanks for speaking out!
So glad he is happy & healthy!  I'd get those big hairy ears looked at though...

Thank you Jimmy. You are a fine man.
My 17 y.o. has congenital heart disease, too. And he has an amazing heart. Thanks for advocating for all of us.
Is that the birth pic?
thank you. your boy is such a cutie!
Oh dude he is awesome! Thx for the share and all that you have done!
He is such cutie pie!!! 
Love you, Jimmy 
Love you more n more 
Cute baby...now go back to fixing health care.  You seem to be an expert!
THANK YOU JIMMY
Real nice little kid.
Congrats @jimmykimmel! Cute baby just next time don't include your hairy legs in the picture!
You and that little guy saved many lives. Thank you.
You have left an amazing legacy. Your son will forever be proud.

You did it, and all of us appreciate it more than you will ever know. What a great looking little guy there! (you're not  too bad either:) )
@wundermean Thank you Jimmy! One precious little baby!
thank-you for using your bully pulpit to do things that matter
We appreciate you using your voice in support of Sir Edmund Burke.
Thank you for sharing your family's story and for working so hard to help other families. May your little one keep thriving.
Wouldn't have it any other way and thank you from all of America
@jimmykimmel, You know your baby would make a better President. :)
Thanks for all you're doing for America, President Kimmel! I mean Jimmy!
Thanks for speaking up on behalf of kids like this happy gal. NICU stay means she was born a preexisting cond.!
Well, done, Mr. Kimmel!  I already had deep respect after Ms. Silverman's Damon videos, but man!  You represent all that the bafoon is not!
Thank YOU for being so vocal on an important topic! This issue affects EVERYONE (except maybe the GOP) & we continue to fight for all!
Wow, he really is his father’s son.
Those hairy knees
This little guy has already done great work, by inspiring passionate words in support of healthcare for all babies and other folks, too.
He is gorgeous!
Thanks Billy and tell your hairy legged dad thanks too. He rocks you know.
Thanks for speaking out for all children
Thank you so much for helping the rest of your "roomies" at hospitals everywhere across our land!!
What a happy looking cutie! Prayers for his health and healing!
You're heroes, Billy and Jimmy. Thanks!
I love this little cookie boy.
Thank YOU!!
so lovely
Thanks from the Murples from Purplmpkin!
Thank you for using your platform, and best wishes to your beautiful, healthy fam! 
He looks great! I know there is a long road ahead but from a Mom who has gone before, you will get thru it day by day. Absolutely gorgeous!
He looks a little like Eric The Actor - I think a DNA test is in order..!
Gorgeous, sir!  God bless.

He is gorgeous!! Bless your family!
May God bless you and your beautiful family with health and happiness for generations to come. Thank you!
So cute! 
Thank you, Jimmy! Like you, I have insurance but I agree that health care is a right for all! Great work!
Thank you Jimmy. FYI you are the only person Trump is afraid of
To @jimmykimmel son: Grow some teeth already!
In all sincerity - thank you for speaking out against this horrible replacement. You're leading the charge and your voice was heard!
We won!
And the Nation thanks this little guy outspoken daddy for stick up first for all the underprivileged.THANK YOU KIMMEL!
On behalf of my type 1 diabetic daughter, and ALL the millions like her in the US, thank YOU for helping defeat this bill
Thank YOU @jimmykimmel
What a beautiful baby picture perfect!! Jimmy keep that voice going for people that can't speak for themselves people listen to you!
#GoodbyeGrahamCassidy Your efforts made this possible and I'm so grateful.That lil guy is so lucky to have a dad like you = INTEGRITY!
Thank you for using your platform to stand up for those who don't have a voice.
.@jimmykimmel Thank YOU, Jimmy! 
So happy to be stuck with huge deductibles that only those who are famous can afford!
This little one thou 
What a cutie. That smile lightens up the saddest person's day!!!
Thank you Jimmy!  
Thanks to you for using your platform the the good of others Jimble Kimble! Lol
For**
Yay Billy!
You’re a good egg Jimmy, shout out to Guillermo
Who payed you or government
Awww. He looks like his daddy!! 
Adorable. Thanks for being a great daddy and standing up for what is right. Praying for your boy and your little family.
What a cute baby!!
On behalf of my son (CHD truncus arteriosus), CHD kids everywhere, & anyone who needs a little-or a lot-of extra medical care, thank you!
Yay!! Now time to update profile picture !! :D like u mentioned yesterday
Thank you too for your impassioned appeals .  God bless your family

... precious!!
Absolutely yes gorgeous pic 
Jimmy Kennel is a clown. Please stop having children. Adopt
MAZEL tov!
Thank you for stepping outside your comfort zone and taking a stand. Much appreciated.
Jimmy Kimmel, your name might *literally* be in a history book (or whatever they have in the future)! On the right side of history, too!
Thank you Jimmy for all that you did!!!!!
How could you deny that face?
thank you for putting such a sweet & adorable little guy as the face of the core issues around HC. Some things shouldn't be
about politics. If we aren't first about humanity, nothing else matters.
Obamacare should work out well for all of those that need that type of insurance. No worry on the 1500.00 a month premium. Good job!
It'll be great when Billy grows up and you tell him the impact he had.
Well done sir. 
Maybe he will run for President one day!
A cutie indeed. You are amazing JK. Keep your awesome monologues
@ryersondebra1 
I'm sorry but it's not over yet!
By the way. Cutey pie.
He is adorable.
Adorable!!!
