And YOU, @SenSanders, put Trump in office with your misguided attacks on Hillary. @pwthornton
The little guy's problem is not Goldman Sachs or China but automation. Education is the answer.
now regardless of position this is the most accurate statement made to day
Knowledge of statistics, logical fallacies, cognitive biases, assessment of evidence.
And knowledge of the Constitution.
And some basic history, like the secondary effects of tariffs.
@ezeasorije I think the man deserves the correct news about him NOT FAKE WICKED CNN NEWS!
Fox News isn't wicked? Trump's underlying message is we should NEVER question him and THAT is an issue.
he can be above questioning being a leader but fake news is wicked
fake news is wicked, but saying fake news in order to deflect and not answer questions is wicked too
you guys are all@cry babies
U don't know Trump, so u won't judge. But u don't know me and u did judge. Hmm
ACTUALLY I DOOO KNOW HIM. I WORKED FOR HIM FOR YEARS. HE WAS THE BEST BOSS!
I think u missed the point
in Sanders view, everyone should pay 90% of their income in tax, but he should only pay 13%.  He calls this "fair share" #idiot
Nay. Biggest message he's got is Love will overcome.
anti Semite
in order for us to all move forward we will need to be able to have conversations without name calling.Together we can
get the Left and @Sanders to stop name calling.
I will do the best I can for everyone to have calm respectful conversations. Hopefully u will join me
I'm in.
probably true. No one has a good idea except the do nothing Demos.
yep
yeah, but totalitarians rely on bad economies 2 justify messages. Obama left a good economy so trump's message is hollow.
If all men of The United States, would stand in unity,then perhaps the world would be more unified
It's also what getting really badly informed news is all about.
That is the WORST idea I've ever heard. And other countries are in disbelief over our potus.
No, the worst idea ever was electing Donald Trump as POTUS
There are some very important stories the MSM avoids like the plague or minimizes as "conspiracy theories" , ie Bohemian Grove sick shit

@ryderjaphy And he said so from day one
Trump is a totalitairian surrealist. #altreality
#MSM #CNN #NBC #ABC REPORT: line is Huge to see #Trump rally in #Melbourne #Florida airport! #Tatiana
 https://twitter.com/peddoc63/status/833054541092364288/video/1 …
He must be hated Ha-ha NOT! @POTUS Stay true Mr Trump you will win this Reagan did!
Also, very confusing for the Swedes, amongst others.
I watch many venues for "news" including youtube where I can learn more truth in a damn hour than a year of the MSM Bullshit propaganda
Boycott mainstream news
I have seen so many examples of my local news being total BS , like segments just advertising for whatever show is on their affiliate
Trump tweets just like you do Bernie , ALL OF YOU TWEET ... Frankly I like it , it's good we get to talk .... you know you're reading this
Actually @POTUS said he just wanted HONEST reporting - good or bad about him.
I'd love to see an example of negative news about trump he endorsed.
we can start with any of his charges of voter suppression and move onto all of his "pathological liar" accusations.
Is there something that can be done soon to remove him from office? Just answer "yes" or "no"!-Mortified in Massachusetts
There's an election in a few years
I honestly fear that, if given a few years,  DT will destroy our country. Look at what he's done in just 1 month!
that something to think about...
not at all, Bernie.. what I hear is that it's time the news starts reporting the facts. Not what your fan base wants to hear
Pete there are biases each way but facts are still facts. Right?
No, he's saying what many realize; that corporate mainstream media is the propaganda arm of [a particular] political party.
he's also saying that "every negative poll about me is fake news"
Not true. Plenty of non CNN, MSNBC, WaPo agencies to follow
You would know.
haters got to hate
major mainstream news is nothing but an arm of the Democratic Party so why should I believe anything they report.
foolish thinking John... don't believe anyone but a privileged reality tv guy? Really
all the media needs to be held to a high standard of honesty and integrity.
Great point John we should hold our president to an higher standard, he is the leader of the free world after all.
And, Senator, he is also ok with people reading & believing what they see in the National Enquirer - his favorite paper!
then help him get a fair shake with media easy to criticize from senate
How many times a day does the nurses have to change you Bern? Seems like a fair bit of BS settles in your thought process. Mouth diapers..
#MoreDeadInOhio
Socialism is what totalitarianism is all about.
Fascism
Stop calling it news when it is 99% editorial.  #fakenews
@ALL_CAPS Like what's happening at the #Canadian border.... #RefugeesWelcome if it comes to it #Bernie you are welcome as well!
An avowed socialist explaining totalitarianism in the Republic that guarantees his right 2 cavalierly interpret another's views.
Dear idiot Bernie staffer who wrote this, go back to the DNC and tweet only Bernie quotes.
>@Shizzletheland @SenSanders
What I think we have is a weird mishmash of duling fake propagandas trying to out-fake the all-fake-news shills
You have to admit the media is out to get Trump, it has nothing to do with totalitarianism.
Uhave 0 credibility #HillarysBitch your lies re @POTUS are expected. You are a bottom feeder who supports VZ style society. Sad
Sadly Neil it's a Damn shame that your views have tarnished my love of your music your canadian socialism is shinning through not American
Which of your three houses did you tweet this from?
Just not news from uncreditable news sources. And your a two-face politician blowing like a leaf in the win in being on sides
how else is he going to convince himself & world that he's doing a "great" job? Playbook Putin dismantle media, control media.
Everythig positive is true but anything remotely negative is FAKE NEWS

tell me if this is "real news" and Trump is not even mentioned
we sure as hell don't need this bullshit Bernie
we have trump because of you....
@wheezywaiter hahahaha, Bernie Sanders, the socialist, complaining about totalitarianism.
socialism and totalitarianism are vastly different
history proves that one leads right to the other.
Wow Bernie, you have been a life long sympathizer of Communism, a really totalitarian form of government, USSR, Cuba, Venezuela
this is what I love about Twitter.  The smart people telling it like it is.
Conflating communism and socialism isn't telling it like it is at all.
Socialism IS the same as Communism
Karl Marx used the words interchangeably
Why doesn't he get impeached for all the lies he has told?
Absolutely!
But @PressSec @SarahHuckabee obviously dont ever talk to him as they cant answer the simplest of questions.
he's a dictator and tyrant. Plain and simple

SOCIALIST/COMMUNIST DOUCHE BAG!
Trump picking up massive support, Bernie, increase fake news and slander!
It's your only hope !
and we should bear in mind that Trump tweets most of his news................... like this...
you think it's acceptable to threaten me with govt violence in order to confiscate my money.
some might call that totalitarianism.
If you want to be the Dem nominee in 2020 please make clear that you're pro-growth & not a socialist. Policies need calibration
he will be dead by 2020
He'll be alive & kicking. My concern is that he doesn't grow as a candidate & expand his msg. He'd lose bigly to DT
...but 96% of the $396,000 donated to the presidential campaigns by the media went to the Hillary. Is that not a problem?
absolutely! We need lots of changes, but he is NOT the person who will bring about a unified change
It's hard to bring the right change, let alone have a real discussion, when one refuses to you don't see the obvious.
@intactive i respectfully disagree, the people choose to believe more in #trump than #fakenews NYT, CNN, especially.
The people may choose to believe what they want, but truth is mighty and will prevail.
sadly the truth almost never makes it out in more than 4Chan conspiracy posts, Wikileaks is truth lol
We have Tr*mp's own words showing he's unhinged.
this isnt about Trump. Its about the American people lead by Trump VS the Global Elite lead by Wallstreet
You didn't notice that Trump has surrounded himself with Wall St, Goldman Sachs etc. NOT the American people?
i do now...
some people should also stop believing everything that Fox News says but that won't stop anytime soon.
if only
you too!
He should be in jail along with those that voted for him.
Right on!  Keep calling him out on his BS!
Which is why he started a news network, and his chief adviser runs Breitbart. "Don't listen to anyone, except the right wing."
So allowing news sources @ his pres conferences that he doesn't like is totalitarian?
pretty scary, Trump wants to brain wash Americans, conforming their minds to suit him!
thank you
The Congress is the Board of Directors in the private sector. He is acting like a sole proprietor.
"In Trump's view people should ignore all the news except what comes directly from him."..Ah Bernie, THAT'S FAKE NEWS!!! D'OH!!!
Who should we listen to Bernie? CNN? MSNBC? NBC? ABC? CBS? Even PBS is corrupt now. Tell us...
Amen!
Trump and his unwitting media co-conspirators are winning.  He gets unlimited media access!
America, you're never too big to fail; & totalitarian dictatorship is a failure of democracy. @realDonaldTrump #winning?
you're such a sellout
Trump thinks of himself as a 'King'.. and the Republicans will let him act that as long as he signs off on their agenda.
- ignore ALL lies
@TheGeekpublican hmm a socialist concerned with totalitarianism, that's one to think on.
How's those 30k emails doing? $20million for US uranium? suspicious deaths, Chicago killings, Flint water etc etc
@roses11177 he knows Americans are dumb and believe anything he says. By making the media their enemy he has total control now
only people with birdbrains believe him and voted for him
sadly there's a lot of those.
Bernie all you had to do was stand up for yourself after the DNC Hack. And what did you do. Bought a lake housemmmm
@aidan_reagh I disagree I ignore all news that has the presenters opinion in it which means FOX, CNN, MSNBC all get ignored.
I can think of certain leaders that got to power Germany & Italy lost WW1 - they behaved just like Trump!
only it's not news it's 
Ies
delete an account!
How is that any different from what people on the left are doing? The polarization of news reporting is proof the MSM is broken.
This is common sense. He has his supporters brain washed. But, Clinton was a corrupt con! Donald speaks his mind! lol lol lol
hey bernie,  can you translate totalitarianism into one syllable?
@sobernhappy  Kiss-Off Commie -Free-Everything! Go back to Russia.

communism is where @realDonaldTrump would like to take #America I personally believe
no he told y'all he loves the news but its so hateful towards him he dislikes it, he wants truthful news not hateful news
Yes & we won't have it!!
I dont think it's actually that...but if you've ever seen cnn, fox etc, cover mass shootings...theyre vampires...literal actual
@RepAndyBiggsAZ @JeffFlake @RepMcSally @GilbertAZMayor @votewarren @FarnsworthEddie Totalitarian!!
Says the Socialist.
Hitler  much ?
Trump would love to have his buddy Vlad's control over the press. #No press is the best press
Retire already and shut up!
@Neilyoung i sure hope you don't believe everything the media tells you! You can't be that dumb right?
and FASCISM.
so true! His book Crippled America mentions his contol and breakup of Press. It's Putin101. Man needs Impeachment!
@marcylauren  And Sanders supporters feel the same way. How often did they trash the media in 2016?
"RED ALERT" FOX NEWS IS FAKE 2, GOOGLE RUPERT MURDOCH & THE ISRAELI GENIE, 2 FIND THE TRUTH ABOUT FAKE MEDIA
You excited about totalitarianism, Bernie Sanders? Through you were a democrat. Oh that's right, your a fake weak old man.
truth and logic versus the crazy things Trump says. Why so many choose the latter? You can't build anything good based on lies.
And he is the source of ALL FAKE NEWS!
amen mr sanders
did u listen to anything he said or just the #CrookedMedia ?  He wants them to be HONEST and not #veryfakenews !!!
haha crying because he dumped all of his money into hillary only to for her to lose. #feelthebern now? ;)
So what r we going to do about it all u politicians talk to much but never do anything
Unfortunately there are people who think science is fake, the Earth is flat, and that Trump is completely correct.
Sweden awaits Trump to tell it what nefarious deed(s) happened there on Friday.
what can you guys do about it? Get him Impeached! You should have ran against him you'd have won.
This is President Trump. Using an alias. U.S. Constitution is FAKE, just like the news.
1) Trump was elected in accordance with US laws.US squeal&teach all democracy.
Then why aren't you starting a REAL opposition party??
How did so many Americans fall for his rhetoric?
zip it trotsky
So HOW do we stop the toxic noise? The press is "the enemy of the people"??!! God help us with George Orwell's child in charge?
I find it hard to believe that the majority of American citizens buy his obviously bias view on this.  Some, maybe, but most no.
Nothing but the truth Mr. Sanders, best wishes for you.
no I think he's simply saying there's been a bunch of propaganda. u know for yourself CNN had to deal with u losin Dem primary
@indivisibletx27 @LamarSmithTX21 is banging the same drum. Threat to democracy.
Our President is trying to violate Freedom of the Press.
not what he's saying. It's 24/7 negative no matter what it is.
He never said that, although there's a lot of truth there. The media is the propaganda arm of the democrats.
Sorry Sir, but YOU just still don't get it. Thought of you as a smart person no more.
News must be fair free and without politics ,paid news must be banned
When a PRESIDENT blames the MEDIA for telling the truth
It's the beginning of DICTATORSHIP
#Trump #ImpeachTrump #Fakenews #POTUS

@meerasanyal totali..... Very long weird. Bad! Trump only understand small words. Remember he doesn't like reading.
yup & media needs to stop fake fact argumt w/ DJT everything about him fake hence no tax returns focus on sources Bannon Miller
Bannon Miller R authors masters of Muslim ban Wall Environ and press destruction & alienating allies putin trump bromance out em
Bannon Miller R the voice behind autocrat robo bot DJT all cabinet ICE NS plicy responses Trump is clueless out these 2 rats
kind of funny because y'all been yelling @FoxNews is all lies since forever.
my issue with Fox started with how they handled gaming and grew from there.
I figured if anyone would have been against the media it would be you. But you sold out to the Clintons. Have fun being a slave.
Wake up!  That's not what he said, or means!  #scaretactics
...absolutely. His way or the highway.
I used to worry about things like cancer but now I stay awake worrying about Trump and how I will pay for cancer treatment!
Thanks. Now please tell your supporters that we need to unify in opposition to Trump and stop re-litigating old slights.
@GirlNYC #FakePresident gives us #FakeNews He's been doing it for years (pretending to be his own publicist). Now it matters.
that's @theresa_may view in the UK unfortunately UK MSM is full of sycophants particularly @BBCNews which she's filled with them
@SenatorLeahy No, totalitarianism is what U advocate when u use Castro's Gulag as an example. 60 yrs of abuse & misery r enough.
the beginning of Hilter!!
Go get him Bernie.The people are all saying the same thing. Drag him kicking/screaming & tweeting from OUR WHITE HOUSE #resist
that's exactly what I've been saying
Except when unelected shadow Gov't has hijacked the MSM and using it for disinfo & propaganda. THAT is totalitarianism. Wake up!
Hey, you do remember what fake news said about you and your supporters, don't you?
Bernie, we need you. What are you and your colleagues going to do about the #orangeelephantintheroom? #impeach45 #trumpmustgo
No Bernie, that's where the truth comes from. MSM is dishonest and hateful. Either change your ways or enter a death spiral.
Right. And it is intolerable.
Who pays for his campaign trip? Trump or the tax payers?
Still think you can work with him?
and gop senators have shown they won't stand up and do what's right. That's the scary part
jealous?  I'd sooner rwad turds than listen to you. You're a sad sell out Bernie.  "L" on your forehead... L O S E R
@RogueTeacher84 Right, ignore the news, ignore Intelligence. Only I tell the truth
Rather than come to terms that many Americans know that the liberal  bias in the media causes Trump to be successful.
if CNN could write an honest story President Trump would not call it Fake news. I'm not sure CNN can write an honest story
Great idea thanks Bernie
@Brimshack it is also very worryingly clever. Health visitor wrote I was stroppy in my daughters records how do I challenge that
No, no, no, you're the mouth piece for Socialism. Please stick to the narrative and your area of "expertise".
more bullshit from bernsie the blow hard bullshivik- msm proved they can't be believed, it's up to them to earn trust back.....
May now have Kaa and Trust in Me as #EarWorm

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1ILPl5FQaM …
thought he was ok with Fox News? It's the commie news network cnn that is the issue. U should know better bernie
I'm the best at news. The fake main stream media lies about everything. Even the weather channel called for rain and no rain
and this is getting really scary!
45 even disagrees w himself, depending on the day and the mood.
Very well put, sir.
,thank you for clarifying the horrible acts of a Dictator !
until bias mainstream media does fair n balanced professional reporting , I believe POTUS TRUMP
check dictionary Bernie..that's exactly what it's not. #fakenews took down your attempted presidency...why do you still support?
Wrong your defunct method of economic socialism and Marxist thought does not work in the free world are you American or commie
