MSNBC=Fake news.
1) Do you understand that your health-care cost will skyrocket like everyone else's to give people that earmarks 》$250k/yr tax breaks?
Fake news DeoneBe.... The ACA already has cost me $3000 a year for the last 3 years. Don't believe the hype. Competition lowers cost 100%.
1) I believe the last two CBO scores, not the fake news that you appear to believe.
2) Managing Insurance risk is far more complicated than simple market competition.
3) What will change is that you'll pay more to cover the higher-risk pools that are now assisted w/ taxes, Medicaid, & mandatory coverage.
4)  It's not ACA, it's how your state implements it.  That won't change.  With the unbalanced risk pools,  payments increase up to 500%.
1) 500% is not true. 2) If what you say is true, why did rates increases w/ the ACA? 3) Insurance companies are bailing. ACA will fail
I  there should be an lawsuit against the GOP for all the stress they created for those with health problems or 4new symptoms brought on.
Bob Casey, you're going down and out in November. My vote will grease the rails.
This story needs a lot more traction! This is important!!!
@ACLU @AGSchneiderman Who can prosecute this abuse of power & fraudulent use of funds--using funds approved for ACA facilitation to kill it?
Sen Casey is right!  So glad to see Dems keep pressing forweard.
What is the penalty if these allegations are substantiated?   Pay-back? Sent to bed w/out supper? Stern word?  Prison ?
There absolutely should be.  How many different ways are they going to be allowed to screw us before the GOP grows a spine & works FOR US!
There should be a lot to f things happening that don't cause the Dems are too weak.  They need to fight and fight hard.
Absolutely! It's misappropriation of funds. Morally wrong. Fiscally irresponsible. What else? @GOP are traitors and thieves
The PEOPLE who decided to do it should have it taken out of THEIR OWN POCKETS!
Agreed
Oh dear
Absolutely!
Thank you @SenBobCasey ! Please make this happen!
Yes we need to investigate this!!!
Yes tax payer funds are not the president's expense account

mmmm yeah....and who is going to do that review?  The Senate?

BWAH-hahahahahahaha...
YES!!
Yes, who will do this?
I love my Senator Casey. Tombstone Toomey must go.
Of course there should be! But as usual no one will do anything about it!
Review or criminal investigation?
Trump's probable reply: Yeah, but that's the rule of law and we're a law unto ourselves. Too bad for you.
Insurance rates have been increasing for YEARS before the ACA. That is nothing new.
Yes, great, a review. But what would be the actions if it occurred? We've yet to see any punishments for any ethical/legal violations. 
THIS GOD DAMN IT!
http://landwheremyfatherdied.blogspot.com/2017/07/obamacare-is-failure-no-republicans.html …
review is distraction, Bob Casey same angle as republicans right now. Waiting out/faking opposition ACA gift to insurances wild opportunism
@SenBobCasey That's my senator ! Thank you for standing up to the ridiculous, illegal debacle that is the current GOP ! @PatToomey ?!?!?!?!?
Tell me about it Everything in Capitol Hill seems Wrong these days
@RepAdamSchiff @alfranken
Good job Senator, unlike the traitor Toomey from Pa. Still hard to believe the fools from our state went for the #doofus45
Price is another one that needs to go.  I swear the man took a hypocritic oath!!!
YES PLEASE ---SOMEBODY!
Well yes.
This is big. @SenateDems
The problem is ethics mean nothing to the GOP & 45 and will mean less now they've put a Trump lawyer into the OGE Director position. 
Exactly!!
@KamalaHarris @CoreyBooker .  How do we get this going?
@SenBobCasey Thank you Senator Casey... Please keep fighting!
SenateGOP
There's a push for ACA &what some think is "health care"! 
IF hosp/clinics say NO~ACA can make them or they'll have to shutdown!
Thank You @SenBobCasey
Are we supposed to just let this go?
No, you head for the streets and #Resistance
What?! 
There is no Oversight Committee when the Republicans are in charge.
I wouldn't doubt that lovely Rick Scott in FL used our tax dollars to help, because they have made it very very difficult here too
My guess is Justice Dept will look the other way
See that -- not even out-raged. Just thinks a review is in order. GOP just steamroll the polite Democrats -- they fear GOP confrontations.
Thank you, @SenBobCasey, for looking out for your PA voters and for all Americans.
Rotten administration
Just do it.
This is like The Intl Sopranos.   Can we pls indict them all now before RU shuts down our grid & occupies the US?
Our money was used to promote it too, so why not.
I would like to know where and how these funds were obtained . This smells of miss-appropriation of gov. funds.
The purpose of HHS is to protect the health of Americans, not sabotage it. @SecPriceMD is a criminal betrayer of public trust. Prosecute!
Misuse of public funds is a crime. Potentially applicable:
18 U.S.C. § 641 
18 U.S.C. § 653
#ACA #Sabotage
Agree
#DISCUSTING #DEPLORABLE  #DEBILITATING TO SPEND HEALTHCARE MONEY IN THIS MANOR 
WHERE IS THE OVESIGHT #TPRICE SOLD HIS SOUL TO #MADMANPOTUS
Kyle, when you graduate from Junior High you can do big boy news.

This is Bob Casey's last few months in the senate. This seat will turn red soon.
There should be an investigation into the Republicans' measures to cause failure of the ACA. Let's start with Marco Rubio.
Get use to paying for your health care like most Americans do
Have always done so, how about you?
The American people have a right to know the extent to which the GOP has gone to undermine the ACA. Info=better voting. Thanks @SenBobCasey
Agreed. @SecPriceMD is breaking the rules of his job as well as Hippocratic Oath each day that he spreads misinformation about #Obamacare
Absolutely! So many tax dollars wasted and unaccounted for. WAKE UP CONGRESS!
By whom? The party that runs HHS?
Wait until Repugnicans lose their healthcare while their 1% owners get tax breaks.
Lobby against. I am not shure if you know how this is percepted. 1. Who has financial interests 2. What does it cost to have them preserved
That shit just doesn't matter anymore.
Go Bob Casey!!!  He is my Senator and I am proud that he is!!!!
YES PLEASE
Should be but there won't be...this administration kicks dirt in our faces every dam day and still nobody does a thing.
Is this even legal?
Agreed. Considering it violates a Law
THEY NEED TO STOP TALKING AND DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.  Tweeting ONLY doesn't cut it.  DO SOMETHING!
inappropriate use of my tax dollars, if not downright illegal. so, where is the dept of justice? oh, fox, u say, is already in the hen house
I really love my Senator.
Investigate and charge! This use of funds violates law and Oath of Office. See Article II Section 3 of constitution.
They'll just burn the evidence -- make it so difficult to un-earth the truth that exhaustion sets in. These lawyers know risk vs. reward.
I love my senator Bob Casey!
We Want ACA
Haw haw haw

You've got to love the sheer criminality of this.
So true
This times 10000
@SenBobCasey Go get em!! Cowardly Politicans hitching their wagons to a train wreck called @realDonaldTrump He and his adm. r going to jail.
Good luck getting that passed in this protect Trump, and help the rich only    legislature.
Please remind them, they didn't promise to repeal and replace, they promised something better. This is not that
#TomPrice head of HHS is using the Leftover Obama Administration's Funds to run Commercials against ACA
Worst case: He'll claim his subordinates made error -- and then he'll get back to his notorious insider-trading scheme.
Quit talking abt what should be done & just DO IT @SenBobCasey! We are at the end of our ropes here!!
Bobby! We got your back! All action, #NoMercy
They don't know how to use taxpayer monies. They are ROOKIES.
There should be an investigation into taking funding from healthcare & related issues, to fund a tax cut for wealthy individuals...
I hope Congress votes their own health insurance out while we wait.  Oh, they're not?
Come on Democrats let's start playing hardball here this is getting a little ridiculous.
So,  they are trying to reduce the number of people who have insurance...... while at the same time,  trying to kill the law...... wow
By the time all the investigations are complete we will be in full fledged Fascism
RT Phone lines for every GOP Senator should be ringing nonstop until this motion fails. Use auto-dialer 844-560-2727 & urge them to vote  NO
Last 20 years govt has been a bad joke perpetuated on American people w/no relief; corrupt media, corrupt DOJ, corrupt govt.
There should be a prosecutor assigned specifically to indict H Clinton, Rice, Comey, Loretta, DWSchultz, Bernie ... "there should be" ...
Yes! I have been posting about this for a few days now! Thank you for at least getting this into the MSM'
And this please:
Trump administration scraps Obamacare signup assistance in 18 cities - CNBC http://nzzl.us/fILRzm0  via @nuzzel thanks @missmayad
if it's wrong on a moral standpoint, then it's moot to even mention. Morality is the farthest thing from the GOP's mindset
Your damn right!
I couldn't agree more I don't understand why this wasn't a problem in the first place. hopefully, trumpcare won't pass and he will be fired.
... famous last words, "there should be."
At least we've got someone putting up a red flag.
There should be criminal charges for doing this!
Never happen
But w/GOP in charge there won't be.
