This is not a surprise, but it’s still so disappointing. The president is consciously working to divide us against each other by race. https://twitter.com/orinkerr/status/912818821169401858 …
Division, a part of DT "MAGA" plan
Did you sleep through the Obama presidency?
What's his end game, though?  To return us to 40 years ago?!
Hahahahaha! Good one!

And makes Trump look like Hitler
He won't win this fight. I believe most Americans are good people who are not racists.
Ridiculous.
He doesnt care. He is a realty show actor...
I was just saying this same exact thing to my sister in law last night! 
Liberals are now, and have always been the great dividers. You're just too blinded with hate and rage towards anyone who disagrees u
#DogWhistle  Sit Ubu, sit.
I think u should be looking @ democrats and thier identity politics. That's what divides us. Remember when Romney was a racist? McCain? Sad.
Remember trump calling a veteran pow a loser?  McCain is a hero, where is the outrage, I remind you he is a living hero!
He's a traitor.  He was pardoned by Nixon for crimes against the UCMJ.
Look it up, he didnt, he was tortured.  Meanwhile trump didnt serve as his daddy paid to say he had flat feet and yet you defend.
McCain surrendered and collaborated with the enemy at the detriment of fellow prisoners. He was one of 33 POWS pardoned by Nixon.
His name was "Barry".
Reporting from trump territory. He's doing a bang up job of it too. They're losing their minds over NFL thing. Not so much over ACA defeat.
Only if we let it happen we have to call out what's right and wrong and hold the Christians accountable to Christianity
Disappointing? Come on! How about vile and disgusting? As are trump's target group for this hatefulness. Blaming others for their failures.
Trump is distracting us with anything he can. He is dividing us again. Divided we fall. Putin wants us to fall. Don owes Putin.
Maybe never so obvious b4 but infuriating to see the likes of @Evan_McMullin act like this hasn't been more subtle GOP strategy 4 decades
southern strategy?
The one thing about Trump: We sure don't take the great things about the USA for granted anymore. They look more rare & precious every day.
That's all he knows. 2 unite would require someone who cares, who is thoughtful and philosophical with core value system. T empty vassal
Yes, and of course the GOP fully supports trump. They sit back, and do and say nothing. They're worse than trump (whose mentally ill)
Good one, Never Emanuel!
Jefferson Davis.
I definitely agree. Pres. Obama was very racially divisive.
Has to be cultural lines. If his base ever understands this is a class war, the guillotines may make an appearance.
...PUTIN'S MASTER PLAN? TEAR US APART FROM THE INSIDE?
His thinking is not that organized.
If Nixon had a son he would be Donald Trump.  Watching Nixon always reminds me of Trump.
Having just watched the latest installment of Ken Burns/Lynn Novick's "Vietnam" series, I think you have forgotten your Nixon.
Obama was the divider and chief race baiter of all time. Well next to Holder!!!
#MoreAuthoritarianThanAuthor.
He literally pitched a TV reality show pitting blacks against whites.
Oh man I had forgotten that.
Makes Bull Connor look like #MLK
#Resist #Trump #racism 
#BlackLivesMatter
Gotta find a way or somebody to turn the tide on his ass. He's the devil incarnate. Babysitter Gen. Kelly should resign. He sucks bigly.
Presidents Washington and Jefferson wanted us divided on racial lines.
The real racist are in plain sight & you still can't see them.
An illegitimate  POTUS elected with crucial aid from  a foreign tyrant is now in full-throated cry against our unity and our Constitution.
It's what he does. It's his M.O.
It is just another reality TV show except this time it IS for real. He knows exactly what he is doing.
Barack Obama was the most racially divisive president of the 21st century; especially in his handling of Ferguson.
We desperately, DESPERATELY,  need a leader more determined to unite us, & w/the skills & gifts 2 do so.
Remember the eight years of W? 
Seems quaint now.
russian playbook . use extremes on both sides to conquer
methinks the rascist base is large
He told us for about 15 months this is who he was - everyone's shocked - funny that woman and people of colors votes are why he's president
It's working. 35% is enough to tear apart the country and my city and my state. Ripping children from their parents, NO DACA! Muslim Ban!
That's bull. All Trump has done is refused to say that all white people are racist. That makes him racist in the eyes of libs and NeverTrumpers.
This is not news. He's been doing this since the day he announced his candidacy over 2 years ago.
Damn!!!!
How can a orange  divide? He does not have the power nor the intellect. #hesjustnotsmartenough
It won't work. We have a lot of stupid people, but more smart and accepting of those who look different.
He just doesn't want to be a hater by himself.
In an ideal world, such a revelation would be an impeachable offense...
You mean like Obama's ties to Marxist terrorist organizations should be a criminal offense?
Isn’t that what Russia did with their Facebook ads? He’s following his master’s plan.
Makes George Wallace look like Henry Wallace.
Yet McMullin is a Republican, isn’t he? Notwithstanding faux protestations of being an “independent.”
