Did we really do to the @NASAmoon
conspiracy theory scenarios make them impossible. More than 400,000 people worked on the Apollo project for almost ten years, and 12 men who
Where's the flags shadow? Ha!!
Fake news!!!!! Someone had to say it
Trump has a commission costing taxpayers millions of dollars to make sure this is not hoax
Moon conspiracy theorists think that NASA faked the Apollo mission with a secret program. According to James Longuski, the complexity of the
I was in Wapokonetta Ohio on this day in 1969
no1 ever has left this planets magnectic protective shield.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NTnoyaffOkQ …   And Alan Shepard went back into Space in 1971, 10 years after his sub-orbital flight, and hit golf balls.
FYI: answers 4 all conspiracy theorists who think this was fake can be found on wikipedia: Examination of Apollo Moon photographs or Quora
First month as a legal adult in S. Lake Tahoe surrounded by 1000's of gamblers/drunks/hippies watching the TV screens. Not a movie to me.
Thank you.
Longuski says that it would have been a lot easier to actually land on the Moon than to create such a large conspiracy to fake it.[41][42]
walked on the Moon returned to Earth to talk about their experiences. Hundreds of thousands of people would have had to keep the secret.
Take note of the shadows they are all different. It never happened
That's because the slope of the ground is uneven.
"On the moon"
nice
...no way
Id like to think they really landed on the moon, but still a little sceptical about it. Maybe i read to much about it. I wonder, Did they ?
Of course not! That's nearly *40* yrs ago! w/tech advances, if rockets to moon were real, we'd all be living in giant robot bodies by now!
So not really today if it's 1969??

So grateful to have been alive to see this. What a moment it was.
So much wind
See flag is flying; whereas at Moon no air exists; so this is a pure fake news at that time also
I'm pretty sure moon landing was in B&W.
Only the video was B and W because of limited bandwidth. This photo was taken with a Hasselbad 500 EL Data, in color.
@TimOBrien I never figured out why is the flag waiving in the... no air?
There were wires in the flag to hold it out like that. A proper flag waving look was essential for Americana vs USSR.
@Neelkhan0209 Doc! Let's go there with one way ticket
Soon it might just become a vacation destination
not a bad  idea, if you would be there ;)
fake news
They brought back Moon rocks the elements of which have shown to be made of different isotopes.
@Johnubacon 2 Michigan engineering grads were part of a small group of rocket scientists who designed rocket engines that made this possible
They lied to you
Hope we can return to stay someday.
I so remember watching it on tv.. so unbelievable at the time..
I forgot there were still people who believed in this fairy tale. Haha 
Wonderful times wonderful memories.
That looks so real
I'm sure Trump would say..."Fake News". #Apollo11
To this day I remember getting up early to watch it live.
I was glued to the 13" Black & White.
Glued.
Mom, turned off the sound, I didn't peep for hours as they replayed over different broadcasts.
nice
Utterly epic event that no one else has done since
I wish we could have spent the day celebrating this instead of talking about treason.
A dare for all to try:

Walk up to Buzz Aldrin and call it fake news. Find out what it feels like to have an 87yo beat your ass....soundly.
Nice
So they say
Nice
Nice
@CounterMoonbat yeah "moon" 
The moon landing is a hoax.  Yeah, I'm one of those...
I was just three years old at the time, and I instantly wanted to become an astronaut.
The moon landing remains one of the most exciting achievements. "Kids nowadays" who grew up w/space shuttles & Mars rovers don't get it. 
We had just finished filming M*A*S*H I was in Big Sur and saw the last untouched full moon rise.Truly awesome
At my Mom and Dad's house in Greenwell Springs,LA, watching on B&W TV, holding our collective breaths.
Landed on the Moon on my 21 st  Birthday !
@TimOBrien to this day I get goosebumps
"If you say so."--Guy in MAGA hat.
13 " black and white TV... six kids and parent's mesmerized. A great memory.
I remember exactly where I was when I listened to that:Park Road,Auckland, New Zealand.It was in the morning (8:18).I was on my way to work
Watched with my Dad going into my senior year of HS.  Unbelievable then, more impressive today.  Thanks for the reminder.
I thought this flag had the MTV logo on it!!

A view on a B&W 19" RCA in the wee hrs.  A part of history never to be forgotten.
Begs the question: what is a "day?" Days last 336 hours up there.
#Science
And just seven years later, on this day in 1976, the Viking 1 lander touched down on Mars.
great day 48 years ago today. still only this country has landed people on the moon and returned them
Wow! Hadn't realized it was THAT long ago! Watched it on TV.
@ChgoJen
Fake news haha 
Fake, all fake. Fake astronauts, fake lunar module, fake moon, fake rocket that EVERYONE saw lift off. Right, Republicans? Idiots!
Up ur meds, brah.
Fake
Landing on the moon around 3pm, walking around 10pm if my memory is correct.Go to YouTube to watch the original network broadcasts.Priceless
Watched it while eating a fried-chicken dinner at some little roadside diner near Lake Nacimiento. Then going outside to look at the moon.
Back in the day when we took on big challenges & met them, instead of nitpicking everything to death in search of unattainable perfection.
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/video/2017/jul/03/buzz-aldrin-faces-trump-speech-space-video …
Forever
I'm wondering if there is a rise in Flat-Mooners as well. 
Home in England visiting my family:  stayed up most of the night and watched!  Amazing.
This is when we were a proud nation   We will be again. #truepatriot
I know exactly where I was in 1969 when man landed on the moon. I continue to enjoy your historical tweets!
FAKE NEWS 

This happened today, in 1969??

This was so exciting...shame kids today will never experience anything like this....
@brian_sack The R A D I A T I O N
Fake!
"on the moon", you mean.
American innovation.
We saw.
We went.
So inspiring. #MadeInAmerica 

BTW: Seen yesterday @kscosmosphere 
Apollo 13 CM
Was that true? Not hoax? 
Dem shadows tho 
I know
Why is the shadow from the flag...going in another direction?
Incredible that we did this 48 years ago & no other country has done it since. It would still be an amazing achievement today.

Courageous exposé of the Francoist rot within Spain's government & institutions. Spain's unacknowledged deep state.

https://youtu.be/YfxV712m57c 

It's gonna take one giant leap to get over that.
2 diff shadow in different direction, flag and the astronaut hmmm 
@johnny_warwar
#Fakenews
Nice
Remember watching Walter Cronkite's awestruck coverage on that great night. Wow. What happened to USA's exploring enthusiasm since? 
Those shadows ? 
I remember watching this on the tv as a young girl.  It was one of the most frightening moments of my life.
Remember it well , I climbed Mt. Washington NH. That day.
I remember watching it on the worst black-and-white TV with horrible reception. I was nine years old.
Did they really land on the moon?Oh

Please please please let us get a Woman on Mars in my lifetime.
Preferrably KellyAnne Conway

Apollo 11 landed on the moon 48 years ago.
Priorities in the eye of the beholder?
Here;s to another take: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjDEsGZLbio&feature=youtu.be …
Home after freshman yr of college, can remember being amazed.
Grateful that I was alive to see it, and young enough to still remember it.
#FakeNews
I was in Std 5 (Grade 7). SA didn't have TV, we heard it on the radio.
And today, we have a POTUS from a different planet!
Stanley Kubrick did an outstanding job.
Insisted on filming on location after-all.
I'm clapping politely
I remember it so well.In those days Americans were glued to TVSets,so proud! We were leaders then.NASA our heroes! If only we could return
Photograph quality is amazing!
My parents woke me up to watch.  Incredible!
Greatest achievement of man. 

Remember it with a tear.
Cool. Watched it in Mexico City. Was so proud
What courage it took them to do that. American courage, American ingenuity and patriotism, with a big dash of adventure and spirit. 
Remember it well.  Peak America.

This is my favorite photo from that day. Neil, a 38 year old American, just finished with his day at work, on the moon.
Great photo that I just had to download and keep.  That was a great time for America. We were united on at least this one thing.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjDEsGZLbio …
I remember it well. I was with friends, in Panama City, FL.
