"about the 2016 election"
Calm down.
He did not. He was asked about Trump campaign, not meetings that Senators have all the time.
Which he prefaced with his role as Trump surrogate. Pay attention.
As a surrogate for the Trump campaign, or about 2016 election, no. That's what he was asked.
.@SenatorLeahy
July, 2016, Sessions met "individually" with Russia's Kislyak at the RNC. Why? To discuss what?
If he is as busy as he said, meeting with 20 or so Ambassadors, maybe take NOTES?
Senator, please get in front of some cameras with others and push this Russian interference scandal! Dems aren't leading!
all related issues.
.@SenatorLeahy
July, 2016, at the RNC when Trump surrogate Sessions & Russia's Kislyak met, did they discuss changing GOP Platform?
@SenatorCornyn Someone should read back through the written testimony before he tweets.
Yeh, I'm saying Cornyn should read back through the testimony.
@mitchellreports he lied under oath. No sugar coating! You don't forget something like that. He lied to congress period
you're still going with the Drain the Swamp thing? It just means you'll w/ anything
What's wrong with his answer?
@mitchellreports THANK YOU, Senator!!
Tell Sessions: 1) Share notes of meeting with Russ amb. (you DID keep notes, right?) 2) Give names of other people there.
Exactly.
@GertStrydom7 about the election.   What part of that don't you understand SMH
I don't understand what was wrong with the explicit answer given by Sessions.
nothing.  They are grasping at straws
Well he said they didn't talk about the campaign.
LOLOLOLOLOLOL!
.@SenatorLeahy
#Sessions met with Russia's Kislayak "individually" at the RNC in July, 2016, then lied about it. Why?
https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/sessions-spoke-twice-with-russian-ambassador-during-trumps-presidential-campaign-justice-officials-say/2017/03/01/77205eda-feac-11e6-99b4-9e613afeb09f_story.html … 
@mitchellreports "about the 2016 election". He answered truthfully!
Sessions lied. He has admitted it. What don't you understand about that? An AG who perjured. 
Thank you! I appreciate your leadership and prosecutor experience! #SessionsMustResign
All these crazy people was on to the hacking and giving the election to Trump. This is CRAZZZZY!! More to come. I will b here.

The American people need Congress to do its job and uncover the truth on Trump's Russian ties. What should they ask? http://nyti.ms/2nOqaWU 
its outrageous that Sessions will keep his job as AG. He lied like a rug. This isn't right.
@mitchellreports It's the "about the 2016 election" part I wonder abt. he cld say he had contact but not abt that specifically
check out his response to @alfranken. No mention of "about the election". He still answered no. Perjury.
whatever u have 2 tell yourself 2 feel better. No othr mmbr of the SASC met w/or felt the need to.
4) not fake news, it's disturbing pattern re Trump's appointees/assoc. Scream fake news all u want; doesn't change facts.
As always, you are a gentleman and a scholar.
SO DOES OUR DEMOCRACY WORK OR NOT? WE SAW WHAT HAPPENED TO BILL AND IT WASN'T NATIONAL SECURITY; SO WHERE IS THE JUSTICE NOW??
@jeffl76 I didn't talk about the election. I talked about giving Eastern Europe back to Vlad! #perjuryfree!
Franken asked about "anyone affiliated w campaign" having "contact with R during campaign". He replied that he DID NOT.
@HenryBLowery Sadly the word "about" gives #Sessions wiggle room. Happily @SenFranken followed up during hearing.
@SenKamalaHarris http://go.kamalaharris.org/page/s/sessions?source=sm170302 …
That's perjury! Please have #ComradeSessions arrested and taken into custody. #TheResistance #ResistTrump @AlGiordano
RETIRE LEAKY LEAHY....You have been in Washington TOO LONG! Hack...
"about 2016 election".. NO. What is the problem? Evidently did not speak about election. Question framed around 2016 election
@mitchellreports - what is it about 'about the campaign' don't you understand?
@mitchellreports He should resign.
GET THE LIAR OUT! NOW! DON'S SWAMP IS A DAMN EMBARRASSMENT. LIARS, FRAUDS, CONS AND DANGEROUS!
@mitchellreports Based on actual hearing transcript, Sessions did not lie.
@mitchellreports Key legal terms "about the 2016 election". Response "no". It was a specific question, not a general one.
When Franken asks, 'in the course of this campaign'. Not the content of but rather during the time of; any contact? Yup! Bye.
@mitchellreports “about the 2016 election” Sooo… Sessions did nothing wrong?
It's only a lie if you get caught & perjury only if the @HouseGOP launches an independent investigation.
Lock him up! Perjury is a crime.
@mitchellreports He answered truthfully no. Wasn't in contact about the 2016 election.  This is a complete joke
@mitchellreports "about the election" Sessions answered no. How did he lie?
'Under oath'... If I lied 'under oath', would I not be convicted of a crime?
@SenSchumer @foxnews What's next?  Communications with aliens from outer space? Cut the BULLSHIT!!
Sessions has lost credibility with at least half the country. He cannot lead as AG with this around his neck.
does anyone who talks to a foreign gov. not deserve to be in the Trump Admin. ??? WTF
@mitchellreports yall get uptight about 45 talking to putin but not a word as 44 sucked off the entire muslim brotherhood
im going to do a b.clinton on you,he might have talked to russia but didnt discuss elect
@mitchellreports our entire 45th admin could go to Russia for a sleepover with putin and it wouldn't mean squat.
As much as I want to see him gone, that phrase "about the 2016 election" is important.
I agree that is an important line but he still wasn't honest and open about his meeting with them.
Sen Sessions is toast. Another one bites the dust
@mitchellreports yall just keep getting nuttier by the day. Russia is not a declared enemy of America and hacking was impos
not as damming as his response to Sen. Franken.
@mitchellreports My question to you is: Where is the evidence?!
@mitchellreports 

"about the 2016 election"
thank you Senator Leah for getting response on record ..wish we could believe him...unfortunately I do not..
@mitchellreports Get 'em Senator 
@mitchellreports PERJURY right there!
@mitchellreports Lock  him up
thank you for pursuing this sir
Please please get him to resign? This is just another scandal- can Dems do anything?? This is horrific
demand his resignation.
