Is It law yet? If not, better put it on the list of "things to undo" when Trump is impeached. How about stopping everything.
thats a joke
you care only for your party not for the people. Why don't you work with the republicans? When are you up for reelection?
@Rosie Senators use the internet too, do they want their information sold?
So exactly why did they do that?  Had to be a good reason you aren't telling us...or a bad one you don't have the guts to tell.
https://www.google.com/amp/www.digitaltrends.com/web/how-pro-internet-is-the-gops-open-internet-platform/amp/ ….       Stop with the scare tactics.   Tell people the truth.
yes. Filibuster Gosuch. I'm behind you & all Dems
Right Chuck... but it's ok for you and Obama to spy on the Trump administration???
How was your dinner at Sette Mezzo?Crybaby Clown throws another screaming tantrum.
Where can we get the names of the senators who voted specifically to rollback #BroadbandPrivacy regs?
https://www.google.com/amp/www.digitaltrends.com/web/how-pro-internet-is-the-gops-open-internet-platform/amp/ …
this administration is selling our nation to corporate profit
talk to Hillary she'll help yalll lol
@Rosie I expected this to be all over the news.  Not so much. Wonder why not.
Come on, tell the truth. No ISP sells sensitive data or any other kind of browsing info. But the trackers on your web site do, with controls
like you ever gave a shit about the people! All u care about is yourself & your EVIL party. Baby KILLERS! Going to hell!
you would think this would get more press, oh yeah... competing media!
@NCfarmer321 To all who didn't vote, or voted GOP, ill say it for you.
the blue You will see is the Democrats holding their breath and their blue faces
They have always collected. Nothing new here.
I understand you went crazy in a restaurant the other night I think you should see a doctor you need to be put on Prozac
you are such a liar!
@Rosie the @GOP have yet to make legislation that does anything for the American people- all for corporations
@Rosie 1: why didn't reg limit Facebook or similar 2: if so important, why was it a last minute dec bill.  Signed on way out
@Rosie  more people than ever have become aware of the lack of compassion of Republicans. business first is not the American way
@Rosie Of course the GOP controlled senate sold everyone out in order to help big business.
@Rosie I think its more than that. Good way to track dissidents and collect fodder for coersion and blackmail.
Nothing for the us the people always for gains of big corporations and themselves!! We are so disgusted...
and this helps American's?
Dirty buggars!
@Rosie and, it's MONDAY....
Don't let it happen. This is important.
Thank you, Mr. SCHUMER.
, GOP continue to endanger Americans because of their hate for President Obama. #HangToughDems
mr.Schumer u cannot bend over backwards 4 Trump & the GOP they will stick it 2 u in any way they can u lower ur guard & its over
CIA collects and sells our info... Haven't you paid attention to vault7?
@progressive_va This all by a party who want big business and government out of our lives. Just a little hypocritical, huh?
Where is the militia?
You have blood on your hands for allowing NY's injured workers to be maimed and disabled
Well overdue, thanks Sen. Schumer, pity you can't roll back time and save America from Trump & his alt right crew.
& in other news, @gop @TGowdySC threaten to end public hearings on #TrumpRussia bc why does public need to know? #GOPHypocrites
what's the difference NSA and CIA have been watching us
yea, right. The government is the biggest customer of personal data from companies. Schumer deceptions are disgusty
yes, but you sold Internet privacy to the Highest bidder!! So FU!
focus on Russia! Russia is the story. RUSSIA! RUSSIA. RUSSIA RUSSIA!
this is horrible
What is sensitive Chuck? Stop with the hyperbole.
WHY are all the measures that were put into
place to protect US being REMOVED?????
please resign now
Follow the money. Who benefits from this really bad idea?
Solution: 
VPNs for Beginners – What You Need to Know https://www.bestvpn.com/blog/38176/vpns-beginners-need-know/ … via @bestvpn_com
how about our Presidents sensitive info ???
One more unconscionable act. Killing hybernating bears, Keystone oil, what else is next? Killing grannies? Yeah, they tried.
as usual you distort facts to fit your liberal agenda.
that's not true 2-face. They made it so all the social media companies and broadband companies are the same playing field
@realDonaldTrump @ABCPolitics GOP rolls back protections of Americans/VOTE THEM OUT/GOP against AMERICANS #TheResistance
Go get 'em Senator Schumer.
Have watched our rights being eroded since 9/11. I hate that my sensitive info is up for sale.
@mr_dsantos why didn't you fillibuster?
Excellent question. Dems need to recognize that millions are leading anti-Trump marches weekly. We got ur back!
Immigrant charged in crash was deported 5 times, family says victim’s death could have been prevented
How will Putin make any money if they give it away for free? Privacy is a right that is being taken away. Help!
you better get right with us Americans Schumer, when your drug buddy illegals come for you, you're going to want help.

So, does this somehow help Russia?  This is just a stupid, stupid, bill.  Must have been $$ attached.
This is an important privacy issue. It passed the Senate. Contact your house rep now and make your voice  heard.  No No and NO
- can this be fought in court now ?
Please stop this
Is there NO END to the number of ways @POTUS @SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr want to screw over the American People? SHAME on them!
Thank you so much!
Why wasn't this filibustered?
So the GOP is selling my personal info? What's my cut?
Zero. No say in it. No monetary compensation. No rights.
Why didn't you filibuster?
does this mean that the dam democratic's are going to make more on collecting & selling u don't want competition guess huh sick
Tell us what should we do The rollback is scary on every level Our PA GOP sen. doesn't care about US AT ALL Only his KochBros$
GOP is so busy giving special interests anything they want..need to keep track for Dem control to fix & attract Red state votes
When the next 9/11 style attack happens. Are you going to hold Trump accountable for his incompetence? Or do we go into blind patriot mode?
and allow him to destroy the constitution and make up new surveillance laws and stuff that will even give Dick Cheney orgasm at the thought?
The right is not fit to govern they have proven this over and over
hopefully their sensitive information can sold as well, or just be given out for free!
Like TAX RETURNS! eh?
Note that this also impacts all e-commerce, social media & search companies that depend on Ad revenue. ISPs disintermediate.
Ad dollars will consolidate towards the few ISPs so marketing dollars will be more efficient/effective. NonISPs are ur allies.
then why is it still going on?
Democrats have abused the laws pertaining to the collection and selling of our sensitive data. Stop the drama!
Oh lord, this'll be the next thing that'll keep you from  doing any work. How many days are you bums working this month?? 6?
Why was that important???
dems need to let public know more about these votes to get to grass roots I'm very tuned in & didn't realize this was happening
lil joke & clue. Not politics. The drama continue about SCOTUS judge replacement & Trump - Putin ties investigation
so lil joke. Are you going to boycott Trump SCOTUS judge pick. . There are Trump / Putin ties investigation continue saying.
they were already collecting Senator with Regulations & selling info; called trends. Nothing online is safe, 'Ruskies did it!'
no way!! Scandalous. That and cameras on our tabs to watch/record us? Big brother has arrived
How is this or reversing net neutrality in the interest of the public good?
World is watching, Trump &GOP are killing democracy
The measure of any society is the quality of life and liberty of least fortunate.  It is also most cost eff. in the long run.
wow a good idea. This should piss off the Dems. Treason is their path to sociallism/ Muslim take over. Media 2
Key Word  COLLECTING!
you are the worse senator NY state has always crying
shame on the GoP. Greed $$$ is their #1 constituency.  They sell their family members for greed and . They are selling America!
Expecting Thieves & Criminals to be anything other than what they are is futile. We've elected someone worse than Capone. Ugh
and you think obama, Pelosi or Schumer are better?
Why R GOP Congressman worried about NSA incidental collection to #Trump team when they vote to remove privacy 4 American ppl?
awesome question that they will never answer with their three-letter entities
wrong in so many ways.  #SAD
If this is what the majority of #Americans want than they should welcome open NSA monitoring & no encrypted emails & phone calls
and who the heck ever buys from an internet targeted ad...really wtf cares!
Elderly people and some with early dementia.
again..facebook point mute on privacy..if u r on fb u have given them everything and more!
@RiseUpAbove doesn't that infringe on our constitutional rights?  Where has our right to privacy gone ????
irony of all is that u r on twitter/ facebook already been done any footprint on the internet is never expected privacy STUPID
@MichiganDems GOP can/have sold their collective souls to devil in the person of @realDonaldTrump, doesn't give right to sell us

What did Insurance Execs agree to before Bill with drawn?
I would like to know this answer too.
what more of our progess can be rolled back?  We have to keep fighting for what is right and just.
This is a travesty as we are no longer guaranteed privacy anywhere.
bad
Just setup a VPN it's simple and do yourself a favor keep your Cell Phones and pads off the internet.
obviously little chucky u have no power at all in the senate back to the nursing home
well let's get after it Chuck.
protect our Internet Privacy rights, thank you
What is wrong with these people?  Don't they know they are not excluded from collecting/selling their info also? Ridiculous
when was last bill you introduced oh that's right you don't believe that is your job you're just the party of complaints and no'
and then want to complain about it? Can't have it both ways. YOU let this get out of the Senate. No one else. YOU!
why?
*F*U*
wait let me get this right. You do not filibuster this bill that is obviously bad for USA but want to use it on Gorsuch. Idiot!
That the what you want to tweet right now? That subject? Really? As collection of sensitive info is rampant in DC? Dumber evrydy
How do we stop this?
of course they did. Anything they can do to benefit corporations and make it easier for them to rape us is what they're about.
so they will sell bank acct numbers, passwords, balances, SS numbers?  So 3rd party can withdraw our money and use SS number?
Of course they did.  It benefits their donors.  #GOPpayday
@realDonaldTrump GOP rollback #BroadbandPrivacy regs vote, just another #GOPSupportsBigBusiness #GOPNotPartyForPeople #NoEthics
Life is what happens while you're busy doing other thing.
Thanks for nothing, @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
anything and everything obama did was evil in nature and needs to be repealed as a whole. Every single thing needs to be erased.
Because repub's don't believe that the liberal facebook's of the world should have the advantage.  Which is what that reg would put in place
THIS MUST BE BLOCKED BY CONGRESS!  We already provide enough corporate welfare.  This would give them a mainline to our hearts!
Hypocrites! "Incidental spying has to stop!" -only on the Trump people . #idiocracy
2018, HERE WE COME!
Biggest laugh on twitter...MAGA2020 already in works!
@JewRicans consumer protection is highly overrated to these idiots. They worship $!
@SenatorLeahy If you want more money, join Wall Street. Public service is not self service. Enough, already.
Gorsuch; America will knothat u have no ability 2 work.Was right thing 2do2 last yr - to let amer deside POTUS& SCOTUS. We DID!
We're on it!
@SenatorLeahy Not again. Third party if you don't produce single payer. I don't care what AIPAC says anymore. NONE of us do.
maybe they forgot their information will be sold too?
so, we just lay it all out there?
@SenatorLeahy seems like the silence of many Dems is intentional: Gives them ammunition to mount another neoliberal comeback.
why didnt your party stop it????
Health care bill sadly failed in house just like his Two travel bans is ok those berns are covered under Obamacare
And your point is? WHAT? IS this a news flash from the democrats media? Must be
Why would they do that?  Money was to good to allow them to do the right thing?  Bunch of corrupt crooks!
Assault after Assault. I can't reason w/ attacks that effect us all. Mean, Heartless People & a Broken Moral Compass. It's GREED
Perhaps we need a reg to control our own government from collecting our information without a reason, what do you think?
Why don't you start going after media companies who ban or block free speech. That is a great threat to our republic.
then why don't you do something about it, instead of just being a weeny
big money lobby! My privacy is not for sale!
Senator, this deserves investigation! 

http://www.palmerreport.com/politics/devin-nunes-michael-flynn-turkey/2054/ …

This is full out war on democracy and the Constitution
this cover up has to stop Americans have the right to see how corrupt trump and the republicans are, this is pure Treason
every time I see or hear  Chucky I feel I'm going to heav
Distraction after distraction, Trump is making his false claims daily to divert from all of the shady little things.

Everyone deserves medical coverage. If we can pay for a ski trip we can help people with medical coverage.
If you think thats the same there is no hope for you.

this illegitimate administration needs to be removed before they can inflict further damage!
WTAF?!
was there a problem before obama decided to implement it in the first place?

After airstrikes killing as many as 200 civilians, Iraqi officer says rules of engagement relaxed under Trump. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/24/world/middleeast/us-iraq-mosul-investigation-airstrike-civilian-deaths.html … 
This is Absolutely Ridiculous
so their making legal what's been illegal yet you've done anyways? Sad.
my privacy is not up for sale
it is if you use Facebook Google or even have a supermarket tag.
Trump has thinner skin than Trojan Bareskin Condoms.... And that's thin. Ask my 3 month old... #TrumpleThinSkin
