Rent free in your head every day. Trump 2020
I was cheering her on from Austin. Thing of beauty!
Austin?  Lovely city.  Too bad the Senators representing you are C & C.
Yes, it's sad. We're hopeful for a backlash that will oust Cruz, who's up in 2018.
Best wishes for your success.  You deserve better.
Thank you!
SY: My hero. She brought/brings the Storm!
SALLY YATES is a TRUE AMERICAN HERO
yes! She is a rock star !
BONUS scene includes Sally Yates making Ted Cruz a cuck again.
Sally Yates made @tedcruz a cuck again.

A man who doesn't stand up for his wife's & his dad's dignity, will never stand up for his country. https://twitter.com/latimes/status/861686497300303872 …
Sally Yates to Ted Cruz...
hilarious
BTW...We LOVE Muttley!
Me too he always has a good time and makes me laugh.
Same here about Snoopy as the WW1 Flying Ace! Haha


Very good!
The volume of humans with no manners amazes me. So rude & obnoxious instead of working together. This is why I  animals, they aren't human!
Everyone needs to lighten up. Keep the humor. Lose the bitterness
Sally Yates 2020.
Sally's NOT a Wonder Woman!  Sally is the type of American the writers of the Constituation knew would defend TRUTH & JUSTICE
Showed Ted Cruz to be the holster he truly is
2
Let's go watch Wonder Woman!!
@jjsaldana que piensas? Another brunch & Watch Wonder Woman? 
¡Si! #brunch #wonderwoman #pantalones
Pues I think we have the next date set!! @jjsaldana @RebeccaADeLeon
When? @Fercho_208
Que les parece June 3rd? #pantalones #WonderWoman #brunch
I'm wildly not interested in watching that movie, but I'm down for brunch! #pantalones
Oh come on join us anyway mujer. Besides you will be a little tipsy so it will be fun! 
I want a Sally Yates action figure!
In all honesty it was not fair.  Sally Yates is smart, informed, ethical and articulate.  They are....politicians.#SallyYates
Hi.  I will.
showboating and grandstanding to you kool aid drinkers.  idiots been in Congress for many years promising you everything but deliver nothing
You again?Troll much on my twitter feed?Sally Yates told the truth, the whole truth, and nothing, but the truth! Go troll someone who cares!
No, you commented on my retweet. That's the only way it could have happened. Just admit it so you can get over it already. I already know.
I don't care! Why is this important? I commented to Corbert not you. But you want to make this about you instead of debating this issue
You weren't debating any issue. All you did was lobby insults.
Oh hell, yes!
I love the fact that she kicked @tedcruz so hard in the testicles that he had to leave early to search for them. 
@SallyQYates very professionally and deservedly crushed Trump ass kisser @tedcruz during Congressional Hearing!!
Jen, can we write Sally Yates thank you postcards next week?  Because WOAH.   #SallyYatesAPatriot
Let me know if her address is public record (it's why I haven't thanked her yet)?
I have not been able to find her address as public record...searching for an office - or Twitter handle - so we can thank her somehow!
yes!
#woman of integrity
Yayyyy, Sally Yates.  Thanks for your honesty and courage.
You are great Stephen Colbert!
Amen!
Oh snap gurl
Pleading the 5th is all liberals know. This time it may not be in your best interest.
"...remember the ladies..."
She sure was.
TRUTH to Power  Great Tweet
Agreed.
Yeah I saw it and actually  she didn't school Cruz ...
“@StephenAtHome: Wonder Woman in theaters June 2nd. But if you want a sneak preview, watch Sally Yates' performance in front of the Senate.”
Thank you
obama ambassador thinks it's a stretch that Flynn was compromised.
lmao
So who's cock pocket is she? I think it's a great way to describe everyone...Stephen who's your Daddy?
PLEASE CALL
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr & all your reps in DC. Demand they support EVERY ongoing #TrumpRussia investigation!!!
202-225-3121
Wonderful!
She rocks what a great role model
And she didn't reveal anything new
Oh God YES!!
Nixon still had diehard fans when it became clear he and his team had tried to illegally undermine his opponents in the 1972 election.
Amen
#Impeachtrumpthetrick
#NotAllHerosWearCapes
Youre wife is a good friend of the Clintons. Youre not fooling anyone.
And yet she has no information or eveidence of any Trump/Russia connnection
Awesome!!
Lololol. She's the next bitch to go to PRISON!!!  Obama too!!!
WILL DO
Ah Ha Ha Ha, beautiful, simply beautiful!!!
Perfect.

#SallyYates and #JamesClapper testimony about #MICHAELFLYNN #TrumpRussia fulfills #JDCpredictions http://jdcpredictions.blogspot.com/2017/05/may0817-pertaining-to-consort-with-or.html … 
Sally Yates for special investigator!
Absolute brilliance with class & composure
I was wondering why Trump fired my uncles brother today.
Are we going to allow this clown get away with his crap
:)
I don't hear one word you say anymore, Colbert. You are nothing but a sell out to the worst reactionaries on the left.
#sallyyatesforspecialprosecutor
No no, stop with this. She is just being regular and doing her job. It seems to be going ok. Chillll out.
Amen to that!  @SallyQYates #ShePersisted
Agreed!
she nailed it. I love her
Yes! Keep up the good work. #giveStephenaraise
She' only missing her lasso of truth, since the senators have an issue saying something true.
So true!
@TheVoiceABSCBN #vanessa #VanessaFerguson
So honest, unafraid / courageous, articulate, straightforward ...uplifting. 
Indeed Wonder Woman.
 Thank God
I was very entertained. Deserved they are of much ridicule.
Let's see if her bracelet can stop bullets
Profile in courage award
Can we just cry like little bitches together my idiot clan?
any credibility you had is now gone, cockholster.
Please
You are right but you also know that the White House must be cleaned out. Call the cleaner. Lock them up! Lock them up!
Waiting for a great show tonight! It's gonna be Yuge! #ComeyFiring #russiagate #FoxandFiends.  
wonder woman, really, lying lying lying is wonder woman, pathetic
Sally Yates my new hero
can't watch you anymore, find new material you used to be funny. It's not all political
Hardly
Keep the faith, and keep on laying it out ther. We are with you! #lovecolbert
You all get your news from a hack best known for his stint on ComedyCentral...#democratliesmatter #stupidhumanbehavior #dontpropagate
Word.
Ahhhhhhhh so good!!!!! Thank you Stephen!!
LOVE you Stephen.
These crazy people must think I am Wonder Woman.  Work, cook, clean, pregnant, take care of children, pay everything, dug in every day, SMH
 Women should be running this country.
LMAO
Not even close to comparable. You are funny Mr Colbert. #ThanksForPlayin #Wrong
She has more balls than Comey! Now he can take what's left of his balls and go home!
Loser!
Amen @StephenAtHome #SallyYates
It was quite impressive. Watching a political hack deny leaking to the press and hiding behind "classified" on every hard question. Yay!
Go Sally go!

Sally Yates is no Wonder Woman. She is a partisan hack.
Idiot

It turns out, I'm thinking "Don't fuck Trump". Putin did it and that's what got us into this mess.
#SallyYates was everything so proud to have her serve our nation.   
You want people to watch a fictional representation of a fictional person represented by Sslly Yates? You saying she is fake or her story?
AWESOME!!!! She was wonder woman yesterday...especially with Cruz
she was so patient, teaching Constitution Law 101 to those dunderheads.. #SallyYatesIsAPatriot
Will she have a c$)k holster?
Senor Colbert @StephenAtHome your rant of jokes towards @POTUS was a bit disappointing, but it was justified!
Yes brother!!!!
Boom! #SallyYatesAPatriot
Is DJT all you can talk about?  I don't enjoy one trick satire. Your rant was disrespectful to the office. You make Trump look good.
Warren/Yates 2020. Wonder Women party!
Colbert you are a losrt

Hahaha now that is funny!
She KILLED IT
LMAO !!!!
Ummmmmm,
So Wonder Woman is gonna lose? Is that what you're saying?
This is wrong. Talk about pay to play. Most likely these investors will be scammed.
Standing for nothing as always.
pathetic

Hahaha that's the best joke you have told in ages!!! Keep'em coming!!
Yes
Yes. I want her back at the Justice Dept
Why? Is she fighting doomsday?
Nope 
It was Condie Rice on #TheView today


In 2020, Elizabeth Warren for President & Sally Yates for Vice President with a Blue Congress after the Nov. 2018 elections!
@realDonaldTrump  is a cockholster
Yes...yes he is
Performance is right, lying is an art and she deserves an academy award.
Calm, Cool, & Collected...Unlike another person now in government
She was great!!
Oh yeah!!!! Power, integrity and a lot of sass!!!! 
@LagunaMary1 she was clear and professional
Spicer speaking on rumors that Yates was partial to Clinton...nuts!
Actually she brought nothing, her testimony gave nothing to the democrats and she gave an opinion, unless opinions are now facts, very sad

@bellestix
It must have been stressful for her but she soooo handled it all too well 
what, Wonder Woman loses #uspoli #USA #uspoli #topoli
You'd better believe it!
U have no credibility any longer..u embarrassed&disgraced urself for the sake of sinking ratings..didn't work, ratings worst.never watch u
I was sexually aroused.
I'd like a front row seat.
What a load of BS!!!

Thank you for being a voice of reason. Who knew a talk show host.would make more sense than the President . Sad !
True That I was so proud of her courage under Fire. Exemplary
I'm for real.
Sally Yates for President! And you, Stephen Colbert are a national treasure. Thank you for speaking our collective truth to these traitors.
Fucking great Tweet.
Gotcha - Now get women to work on other areas  We r good at compromise & we unite.  McConnell Good Ole Boys bad joke on us
Get real Congress
The movie will be a disappointment in comparison.
Sally Yates to @tedcruz
What type of holster is she wearing?
So very true.... loved watching her call out the hypocrisy
