Fantastic!
Your just so impressed with yourself. Your downward spiral has clouded all good taste and judgement which u once reflected.
This is the love part of my love/hate relationship with you, Joe. If only you'd spoken out like this a year ago....if only.
But he's speaking out now. Lays it on the line every day. Doesn't back down.  We need that bc DT is out there destroying our country
Might be too little too late.
Joe..  you  are fooling only yourself
You do not need the cover. You are a phony!
Was this before or after your aid was murdered in your office?
But Rino Joe, he really has been on the Time cover.  You really are making your cover up.  Fake News Again Rino Joe.
good one, Joe!
Love this!!!
ever the a-hole.
Cause every girl crazy 'bout a sharp dressed man. Looking good, looking GQ.
Lightweight cotton sweaters, I presume?
what a guy
#RollTide @JoeNBC ! Love this!
Good one Joe!  We all belong on a magazine cover!
so self-enamored.  talk less on show. interesting guests.
to bad it wasn't a prison jump suit #justicefor Lori Klausutis

It would be more Trump-like if you said U2 opened for you 
Effffffff uuuuuuuu.  Consider yourself turned off.  never watch you again.  Trump's policies are awesome and the economy is through the roof
Lots of love to you and Mika.
that's what killed T bone Trump -he could not digest you in the cover of CQ and that you're a brain in politics  and Mika our jewel
I DO BELIEVE WHAT YOU ARE DOING IS TREASON & YOU SHOULD BE ARRESTED FOR TREASON AGAINST AMERICA & THE AMERICAN PEOPLE & EXILED FROM AMERICA
This bit is evergreen! Like you and Willy-holiday inn- cigarettes bit. So clever
Smile
good one.
Which magazine cover are you going to put Mika on?  
Cnutboy
What does Cnutboy mean?
Roll tide lol
Picture this:  Your TDS has gotten so bad, Trump lives in your head 24/7... ........ rent free ffs!  Sweet dreams!
@cnn is irrelevant, and @NBCNews @CBSNews  @msnbc must realize this President only wants truthful and ethical reporting. If not you're OUT.
I saw you at both. And thanks for all the incredible things you said about me and my guitar playing. Outstanding!
so upper level it may just fly by them
Wow! What a life you've led...I didn't know!! Ever thought of a run for the WH???
Fake news media needs to realize that phony time covers at your resort are a lot different than fake news on a newscast,magazine or internet
TrumPutin take same approach to jobs saved or created, foreign policy and military success, well tbh EVERYTHING about him, his fam & regime
Lol
Oh J&M you hit the jackpot.  You've been taunting Trump for months with your vile attacks.  And he took the bait!  #wannabesgetattention
Way to go Joe...  
Fabulous cover Joe, love it.  You are keeping up with Donald
You're hilarious!
Give'm hell Joe
Nobody read thatThey give it away in Waiting Rooms
Damn, I got ripped off in '87. The Pretenders opened for U2 when I saw the JT show. You probably had an audience with the Pope that day.
This made my morning
I remember well ur stirring rally on the back 9 at Augusta, Joe. Ditto the thanks from Bono for inspiring him to write Sunday Bloody Sunday.
Damn, you looked old back then.  ;)
NEW YEAR's EVE release?
When is it come out ?
What page is the article on congressional interns and infidelities?
Narcissism at it's finest.
LOL
Trump didnt make his own cover #FakeNews Time changed it and went with another! He kept the Cover they sent Him! #MorningTurd

#FakeGQcover #JoeAliar
LOL, maybe Trump can hang this next to his "Time" fake cover
Great article on summer sweaters, a must read.
Here is the irony of @realDonaldTrump he did eventually make the time cover after wanting so bad all those years.
You should see my 1993 Sports Illustrated cover.   Awwww if only I could go back to those days of being a young NBA Finals MVP.
What are you doing beside Hating !!!
mika went on air yesterday and lied about trump never being on cover of time before the fake one and never corrected it.  Non stop lies
mika lied, trump was on time cover in 2004.  Mika yesterday said trump had never been on time before the fake one.  Liberal media run amok
Your missing it. It makes everyone think they tried to fix it but couldn't. Democrats still own Obama care.
They don't want to fix it !!!
Oh you mean like  democrats worked with Republicans when they passed Obamacare. We need to pass it to find out what's in it
such a narcissist...
Trump Train get on or get out of the way
Hahaha even Joe wants to be #Trump
I loved the article on sweaters for summer.
Love it Joe
You're ageless! 
Love this! Way better than Time, anyway! #JoeGQCover
& it's been downhill for U ever since when it comes to truth and fairness! Nicklaus & Bono prob not proud of U spreading lies of the Left
Like the cover says, "Stunningly superficial"...
This is awesome! Bravo  
In 1987 you were sane. Pretty full of yourself wacko Joe. Get down on your knees and beg President Trump for forgiveness. Our army will rise
Didn't u pilot #MillenniumFalcon?
LOVE this!!  LOL!
#RollTide
But of course :)
'come on morning Joe is this a "tribute"haha to Trumps fake news Time cover
Well played, Mr Scarborough!
And still, the least believable part of this is GQ publishing a must have on summer sweaters.
So much winning!
Have you ever thought of hanging it somewhere very public, so everyone can enjoy?
apparently contacts or lasik will diminish the pseudo intellectual look.
Not often a fan of @JoeNBC but I hear he loves R.E.M. so I'm a bit conflicted.
Hate to tell you but there is nothing about you that looks GQ at all! Just saying!!!!!
That might be the funniest thing you have ever done.
you should have been on the cover of "There's A Dead Body In My Office" #Trump2020
You are nothing.   Oh yes, you are bitter you were never t hired by FOX.
Amazing @JoeNBC has looked the same age for 30 years... #AlternativeCover
No one loves Joe like Joe loves Joe... right Joe?!? Unhinged narcissist!
How to say this nicely...ur fake news coverage is an embarrassment to journalism; ur mystified song is AWFUL, & u don't look GQ at all. MAGA
Great! More of your communist terrorism
Gq play girl for men
does it stand for Gigantic Douche Quarterly now?
How about 3 rounds of bare knuckle boxing between you and Trump?
what is this dumbest Reporter of all Time LMAo
You should be on the cover of a magazine called "Biggest Lying POS"!  Start looking for a new job Loser.
The difference is it just doesn't fit. You are a complete amygdaloid.
who'd have known 30 yrs ago you'd end up as below average joe...
Joe, you have beautiful hair. Real talk. Let's impeach Trump together.
Love this!  Where's the framed version hanging?
Didn't U2 open for you, that's how great you were/are?
ROFLMAO
Yeah, still one of my favorite GQ covers. Amazing.
Barf
Stick to promoting your crappy songs & give up your Trump hate & Fake News.  Go back to promoting CNN.  Hahahahahaaaa ...CNN.
Rino Joe, you do know Trump has been on the cover of Time 14 times.  Just a fact that I knew you would not pass along b/ your fake news.
You look older in that photo! How's that possible?
Oh Joe...you're so great...can I get your autograph?? Ha!
Hey Joe how many times has President Trump been on the cover of Time magazine? You are such a Democrat
OMG I'm dying.  Brilliant!
Please share with us how to do these. Fun party favors!!
Need to get you on @esquire now, @JoeNBC
Impressive
Well played
Yes, but I did not see this posted at a single Scarborough Golf Resort
it was art....entertainment...get over it.  r u not suppose to be a journalist?
This is great!!

You are still more truthful than Trump.
Ohhhh!! The new "GENTELMANS QUESTIONABLY" just came out!! Is that tuck it under Joe?
Outstanding
Funny, so funny, talk about a stiff!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The cover was hilarious!
The difference is trump actually was on the cover of time.
Joe - and weren't you a lineman on Alabama with Walter Mitty?
How low can you go Joe
With Trump right by your side. 
Some things get better with age, sorry Joe you're the exception to the rule.
Oh Photoshop. How do I love thee?
Joe you are so clever and entertaining on so many levels. Thanks!
This actually surpasses the Obama Kenya thing wrt absurdity.  The Obama claim was nasty, offensive and hateful- this is just absurd.
Brilliant
You didn't open for U2 in '87.  Liar.  Great putting at Augusta though.
You and I did the brown acid. John Chancellor recommended it. What a night!
You're awfully fond of yourself.
Oh Joe...you're so clever!
conceded.
Love
Lol
narcis....mirror mirror on the wall lets watch J fall!
So now he is a comedian
And you remain stunningly superficial all these years later!
You  tweeting again your cover of GQ shows how attention starved you are. I once said you were a Donnie Osmond wannabe. Hell hes talented
Lol!
trump like? did u win a nobel peace prize?
@m_millsey Excellent!!  I think Millsey played bass on that track.......
That is almost as good as making Rick Perry head of the Department of Energy. Shit that did happen... My bad

How about reporting real news. EvidenceOf Loretta Lynch Colluding w/ DNC !! New Email frm Lynch directly to DNC could be the nail in coffin
This is great. You outdid yourself.
This is fabulous!
I adore you Joe!!
Someone needs to generate some fake Trump covers, with headlines like something from the Onion or something... you just see the headlines...
Sad when someone has to find fame in 1987
Make the Panhandle great again Joe.
Just confirming what an envious class act you are. Keep loosing! #scumborough
Good one!!!
Used to love your show,but the snark and silliness,is tiresome.
in love with yourself a little?
