Cannot even understand Leahy. Mumbling, stumbling over his words. Difficult to follow his boring rhetoric. TERM LIMITS.
He went around that question!  He’s good
So it was all about hockey? Because I know how important that sport is in Alabama
Sessions NEEDS TO GO!
That is a 'Non-Denial Denial' if ever there was one. #Resist #TrumpRussia #Nazis
Just like the “I categorically deny that I did not sleep with Monica Lewinsky.” Which I guess is true since it was a blow.
but you did meet with Russians and then lied about it.
This man is a dottering idiot, and his memory is only as good as the pig in chiefs ability to tell the truth.
Jeff Bull Shit Sessions is still a liar.
So he won't say he didn't meet with Russians all he'll say is it wasn't about the campaign.
I'm shocked Sessions wasnt struck by lightning yet. Hes lying 2congress in front of our  & contradicting previous testimony!
Perception is reality. Truth teller. Nothing 
Perception is not reality especially when U R informed by Breitbart conspiracy theorists. U R an angry nothing 

Sessions thinks meeting the Russians hacking is funny
Sooo that's a yes?
Didn't they find out Russia was a big supporter of #BlackLivesMatter as was the media as was Democrats. #Collusion
Slippery barstard

Sessions does not work for Trump, he works for us. There is no executive privilege. He is not Trump's counsel.
Are his pants on fire yet?  I think I see smoke!  Shady little man.
So nuts how the media is universally obsessed with this baseless consipracy and so quick dismiss legitimate scandals as conspiracies.
Clinton did.
More bobbing and weaving than mayweather vs mcgregor...
He did not meet/ meet and did not see/ see or hear/ hear any thing, another moron.
The Keebler elf stepping in his own doodoo at every answer!

His tone is arrogant and his disrespect is showing loud and clear...
I hope they nail his ass for perjury
thats why he answers “I dont recall, or I dont think so” . An old Lawyers trick, nobody can prove you dont recall, but they can prove a lie.
The man is lying thru his teeth. Thinks he is above the law as AG. Showing blatant contempt for the Russia-Trump investigation.
lol,

ANSWER THE QUESTION ASKED.
That wasn't the question JS!  Answer the question! Yes or No!
So he met Russians what did they talk about? The weather?
Sessions is a lying scumbag. He should NOT be the Attorney General, by any means!
He did not answer the question.
Sessions is the biggest liar of them all
Lying SOB they talk about protest during the anthem but Trump and his cabinet betrayed the nation, THAT IS A FACT.
Must be true if Jeff says so. Oh wait didn’t he originally say he had zero meetings with any Russians until a video & pictures showed he did

When asked if #Sessions had discussed email with Russians he "didn't remember" & said he'd look into it because he wanted to be clear.
He is a lawyer,knows not to incriminate himself.
He continues to lie he should be fired
Hillary HAS taken $145 million in bribes from Russia (for real) and the media is still defending her, and creating distractions with Trump and AG Sessions.

Where is your outrage on Clinton COLLUSION with Russia, Fake News?
.....I don’t recall...I can’t disclose.....
Don't recall..anything but.. It wasn't about the election/campaign.. that I remember for sure....hahahaha .... Then say what it was about.
We know that isn't true!  He was meeting during the convention, wasn't he?
Uuuuuuuhhhhh,  Uuuuuuhhhhhhhh, I don't remember wait, I did meet a Russian but, we did not talk about @realDonaldTrump or election I think
Obama and Hillary met with Russians when they sold them 20% of our uranium Supply
Answer the question, Claire!!
"I did not have conversational relations with those Russians". AG Sessions
That's a yes
3 takeaways from this: 1. He’s guilty. 2. He sucks at lying. 3. He really doesn’t want to share a prison cell with a deranged circus peanut.
so he met with russians ...shady answer
Goose. Cooked.
The vast majority of ALL congress people have met with foreign dignitaries of virtually all nations

Leftist convenient idiots don't get it
Total give away
Sessions is a lying snake just like Donald trump
He's worse. Cuz he can actually accomplish his shady ass shit from behind the scenes.
Agree
That was not the question
That’s...not the question he was asking?
Uh oh! Pants on fire!
That’s really strange that you didn’t meet with ANYBODY about the election since you campaigned with them and were at convention.
