Ur 2 logical. @GOP doesn't want fewer teen births or they'd support sex-ed in schools, birth control coverage AND @PPact
at every turn @GOP tries to cut info, access & choice. No sex-ed, no contraceptives, no choice, no childcare & no support.
But then they say they're pro-life.
They are pro-birth. They don't care about the actual life
Not even that, just anti-woman.
This isn't about abortion or birth, it's 100% about control.
Absolutely. I agree completely.
But part of this really is based on a religious/moral belief that abortion is wrong, wouldn't you say?
Maybe.My dad was pro-life and spent his entire career dedicated to education&fighting poverty because he believed in life.He was also pro
Fewer teen births and sexually transmitted diseases because Fed money is used at Planned Parenthood for abortion
Source?
Are you asking the source re Planned Parenthood using fed funds for abortions?
Yes.
3 sources: Tom Price, Mike Pence, Matt Schlapp 
And what were their sources? I need a non-biased, peer-reviewed article or an official study.
You won't find 3 more unbiased sources who know a lot about women
And I fail to see how three pro-life men "know a lot about women" when they aren't women.
There ARE other groups like Woman Care that provide birth control, etc. WITHOUT being abortion mills. Why not support them?
An abortion mill is not a clinic where only 3% of it's services are abortions.
3% of lists services

A woman comes in for an abortion and gets a blood test... 50% was the abortion
@falconnestorg
Woman goes in for a pap smear and gets a blood test... 0% was the abortion. Your math is bizarre at best.
The point was there are alternatives. Like all good liberals you change the discussion because you got nuttin' going for you.
I "got" plenty going for me. If you won't accept the myriad reasons already given for supporting PP, you wont listen to a dumb lib like me.
Show me one thing other clinics do not do other than sell baby parts. PP CHARGES for things clinics here provide free - WITHOUT tax $
How's that?  More abortions?
Bad Analysis as usual Planned Parenthoods main job is Abortion stop with the lies.
You are wrong. Look at data.
Look at what data the lie that planed parenthood prints?
Trump is too ignorant to read these stats.
he's pushing forth his "donors" ideology. He's proven he doesn't care about his constituents.
who, by the way, are NOT GOOD PEOPLE. Least faithful hiding behind their guns and their bibles.
@YesMomsCan why do republicans support teen pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases?
Amazing how teaching facts improves lives!
Just say "no" never worked for anything.
troll account
I think a condom takes care of both of those issues much cheaper without the whole killing babies thing?
go get your abortions in Mexico they are much cheaper
everything the #GOP does is a lie to stuff the pockets of big business while exploiting their constituency
and more abortions...yay!
@buffaloon But you don't give a damn, do you @VP @POTUS That's money you want to use 4your WEEKLY vacations FU both

Beotch Pls I can give it back just as good as I get. U V4him-ur to blame too! @washingtonpost @buffaloon @VP @POTUS
Fact - the entire world would have benefitted from planned parenthood prior to the conception/birth of Trump   @LynnDe6
@ChelseaClinton they also have fewer murders of unborn babies! #abortionismuder
I don't know why people still don't get this! Lemme highlight it for you.
they ignore this fact but that-said, I had a medically-necessary abortion in Canada. I'm so grateful that my govt covered it...
No prenatal care, why? Call ask, only push abortion I did when needed a dr, pregnant, they did best to talk me into abortion
fewer teen births because they are aborting them. Is this actually admitting abortion is BC for some women?
how about they just have more people to stay alive
That is because they will not help you unless you get an abortion!
Loose gun law states where young women can protect themselves from @billclinton sex assaults have < STDs @ChelseaClinton
@ChelseaClinton Yet, Rs want to defund a program that helps lower healthcare and welfare costs. Ironic.
Imagine that! More abortion clinics, fewer teen births!
Imagine what teaching our kids God's  way. there would be no teen births and no std's.
and it's really hard to carry a baby in utero until they are teenagers. See what I did there?
Bull!! Massachusetts has more unwed single moms than ever.
@MelGibsonsRage shocking
Teens are more sexually active in those areas as well. What is this teaching us and what are we teaching the teens...
Planned Parenthood is as discribes planning to become a parent. See the big picture instead of just a small part of it.
Is Jesus going to help a teenager take care of her child, NO! Is Jesus going to help an unwanted child in foster care, NO!
yes, but U can B damn certain that won't stop the men calling for a shutdown.
..are these actual facts? Oh no, Republicans hate those.
ummm - fewer births when there are more abortions ??? Duhhh -
No shit Sherlock.
@ChelseaClinton yeah, because they terminated the innocent babies. They should all serve time for these killings
"Fewer teen births" occur because they are killing the babies instead of the mothers having the babies. Very simple concept.
... so your're telling me ... that PP is actually good for America? go on. @POTUS will never believe that.
and more murder of children
Did you hear about that? https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/845775073332150273 …
That may be because you have all those teens aborting babies that would have been teens at some point. #duh!
I heard #Bakersfield is OUT of control with teens everything you covered!
having an agenda, finding biased sources, proving your point, #notresearch. Propaganda!
lol lol lol! This is a ridiculous fake, and sad attempt at "research". Conclusion/theory=>hypothesis. backwards science.
@johnlegend If their not ready
@johnlegend congress is so stupid. If your not married you shouldn't be havin kids, and this prevents women from having kids
@tokyo_jon. Republikans don't want that.
and 4 times the amount of murdered babies.
No kidding. Shocker. Theyre killing all the babies. Abortion is BIG business 4 them regardless of their fake stats. No funds
This is  good news #usgov55
...and that's a fact!
@ChelseaClinton   Why don't you'll get Soros to finance this program It appears he has plenty of money to piss away.
isnt it wonderful that democrats get to kill more babies and we the tax payer get to pay for it
Tax payers do not pay for abortions, Joe.
really ? then why do we the tax payer give planned parenthood 500 million dollars? who provides abortions?
They perform abortions(but fed does not pay). Fed funding to PP is through Medicaid reimbursement
@ChelseaClinton this room is loaded with idiots. Does anyone really know what's in the bill? Bet you don't.
Maybe so, considering if they are killing the babies off.
@steveweinstein  Wish my representatives, @RepTomMarino & @SenToomey looked at results vs hysterical RW rhetoric #PP=care
How about abortions?
@ChelseaClinton 
@ChelseaClinton oh...like philly...lol..what a joke
Mmm.. Trump never lived there. He once bragged about STDs being his Vietnam!. Gotta love our Prez.
@ChelseaClinton shocking!  Also, States with high vaccine rates have fewer outbreaks of preventable contagious diseases...
You'll only confuse the GOP with stats.
MURDERERS!  Very few Plan Parenthood offeres REAL woman's health care!
@ChelseaClinton Yeah but the wealthy have to pay lots of taxes so...
@ChelseaClinton @washingtonpost 

Ah, did you conduct the analysis? 
Did ya collaborate with Big Bird?
.
@RoyalHoeliness The so-called "pro-life" Repubs never were and never will about life...it's all about punishing women
@Sifill_LDF duh.
fewer teen births because of accessibility to birth control and condems, not abortions.
condoms are at all the drug stores they don't cost that much why should my tax dollars have to pay for it
I'd rather my fraction of a penny supply condoms to those who cannot afford them then give a criminal politician
and probably fewer fools in their state legislature
Wait a minute, are you throwing facts to the Commander In-Chief of #alternativefacts?
V.P Pearce would know all about starting a outbreak of HIV/AID by cutting off funding to Planned Parenthood. He's done it.
Condoms solve both problems in all States. #DefundPP
u have to have sex-ed for that. Something a lot of states prohibit even!!
@SenatorLeahy yes fewer teen births because they convince them abortion only option
the fact u condone 10-age births is really scary + u want 2 take away their CHOISE to get 1. Scary
If f Inds are removed, Dems need to financially support them or do more abortions. Scary
they have fewer live births with teens, they do abortions.
yes because they are terminated more often
Higher availability of abortion mills = fewer teen births? Shocking revelation. PP has a very high fetal mortality rate.
Did the headline finish with: "like, duh"? That would have been fucking awesome.
Go figure!
@TheBrowning it's almost as if planned parenthood is a comprehensive provider for women's health and not an abortion mill
@johnlegend duh
@SallyAlbright So logic says that might reduce number of abortions. But then, who am I kidding? Why apply logic to repubs??
Yes, don't confuse the issue with logic. That would never do.
Is that any surprise. To the turd in the wh and the GOP it's just fake news or alternative facts.
Shame about sex creates many problems.
File under duh.
@karenh7463 of course
who'd have thunked it!
@Micleeeee is there also a correspondingly higher abortion rate?  That's the point for those opposed.  But you know that.
Yet, the #GOP has #falsely #labeled #planned #parenthood as an #abortion #clinic. Just more #lies from the #GOP.
@loudproudpissed Beachgrandma has the best About You description! Nice.
funny how most of the negative comments are from new account.  Trolls.
SHOCKING
no shit.
Certainly all the anti-PP commenters here have (or will) adopt (or foster) the unwanted children & regularly aid single moms
maybe people need to start being a little bit more responsible keep your legs together or use birth control
@Kaffe_Takk Yup, more of those annoying facts mucking everything up!
IKR? I thought we were #PostFact by now ;)
We need more Teen births to outpace the Muslims who are breeding like rabbits.
@cocokitty14 now there is some logic for the GOP to get its head around
@realAlexaParker The politico-religionists ain't gonna like this
ban the baby murderers.
yea I think so.... very correct
Gee, you mean having low-cost, available healthcare for women actually helps women?
Crazy, right???
tax payers fund FQHC, which provide these services; funding pph is an additional tax. To ignore this is ridiculous.
Yes let's teach our future that it's okay to make irresponsible decisions and that ending a life is morally justifiable.
could be fewer births because they are aborted! Duh! How many abortions by teens?

Lowest in history thanks to orgs like PP. Pretty easy to look this stuff up: http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/01/17/509734620/u-s-abortion-rate-falls-to-lowest-level-since-roe-v-wade …
duh fewer teen BIRTHS. They also have higher rates of abortions w/o parental consent. No aspirin at school, but abortion ok
Thanks Captain Obvious
Of course-they kill the babies so they are not born.
Just look at Mike Pence's state as Governor prior to VP
Don't give facts to conservatives, they don't care for those!
Why is the #GOP so blindly faithful to Evangelical  lobby and fail to see the benefits of PP.
I'd bet also a higher level of education and productivity
duh 
Of course they do.  Abstinence is cute in theory but not practical.  Access to care, bc and education are how to prevent
STDs and unwanted pregnancies.  Put down your bible long enough to educate your children.
Don't say "the problem is.." b/c that's not reality 1 problem is some can't see past their own selfinterest for greater good
but it doesn't matter bc they perform a small % of abortions that isn't funded by federal money! #PlannedParenthood
ANY federal funds free private funds for abortion services that would otherwise go to replace the subsidy 

@washingtonpost
what a concept...
An example where ideology leads to poor policy determination. Ideology obstructs clear thinking & decision making!
But murders are ok.
Abortions do not decrease STDs. PP provides sex ed and birth control. Why would we want to rob ourselves of that?
@MirandaYaver you need to differentiate between teen birth and teen pregnancy so not interpret the decrease as abortion
__no . i think they have wise mothers whom don't wear PINK__
In the real world not every teen has someone to guide them. Should be grateful they have a safe place for care.
Love all the "abortion" comments. If only they knew that the abortion rate is the lowest since Roe v. Wade ... idiots! 
due to access to the IUD bc of #Obamacare!!!
WAPO is CIA puppet. WAPO owner Jeff Bezos is in financial bed with a cloak & dagger agency that tells lies for living.
your welcome complements of the American tax payers
we need to ask Paul Ryan what he would do if his daughter ended up pregnant at her age. BTW I think she's around 16.
@dorollo hiw about the statistics on abortions?
Lowest in history thanks to orgs like PP. Pretty easy to look this stuff up: http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/01/17/509734620/u-s-abortion-rate-falls-to-lowest-level-since-roe-v-wade …
And more dead kids. #abortionismurder
@realdonaldtrump Wadda say 2 me now? That u want more unwawnted births and more STDs? A vote against PP does just.
Yes, bc @PPact does great things & provides millions of women w/ access to affordable healthcare. Support PP w/ @NastyWP.
I don't think Republicans understand what contraceptives are...
Yet they're the ones who should use them more. Lol
Of course they do.

So this means parents no longer need to do their job. The FedGov will take it over.  How terribly quaint.
that's what access to care gets you Bravo
And more murder babies!
