I'm grateful to be a woman. Embarrassed AF to be an American currently. #TrumpIsInsane
Oh yeah but Ana is still loyal to a party that doesn't want women to get equal pay, etc. Empty words from her!
That's really disappointing. We need smart women like Annie speaking out.
Her last healthcare tweet showed her true colors.
You're 100% right. I was shocked. I saw it and commented. Talk about privileged.
She is one of the better commentators though. Better than the spray tanned, bleached blonde Trumpbots!
That could change any day now.
For now! Sadly, some of these freedoms may change for us if Delusional Donnie can't be stopped and soon!
what country are you living in?  This one is trying to take away women's rights.

me too...but our country is in danger under @realDonaldTrump #ImpeachTrump
even though the clock turned back 100 years for women under the new regime
My Boomer age group luckiest of women in history. Post pill pre AIDS birth control lots of jobs careers money freedom.
One thing we need to fix in America is stop states that allow rapist sue the victim for parental rights. It's cruel and wrong.
Just start planning opposition now & be prepared for when they do try to remove you from deciding what can be done to your body
Millions of American women are not free. Millions are trapped with no way out.
Canadian women have choice.
Let's hope that those freedoms are still here when the Feckless F's of the current GOP finish conspiring with Trump.
I As I stood in solidarity with women holding a sign a man drove by & yelled "Iron my shirt Bitch". We have a ways to go
thank you Yogi!!! apparently they aren't disgusting enough for her to leave it. GMAB
grateful for now. But Repubs and trump admin are certainly a threat to the freedoms you describe
Me too
Just wait. 45 will change that.
Until Pence Trump & Bannon take away your legally won reproductive rights.& They are working on it.
don't worry...the GOP will help relieve you of those burdens
Amen! We are so blessed!
I'm Canadian and it's pretty awesome here
Like you Ana, I am grateful too and Canadian.
#USA @dbellwether @ananavarro 
Canada is part of America. I assumed she was including it & Mexico.
Canada is part of North America. No Canadian is American or vice versa. Of course you're just being snarky. Not.
#MeFirstAndOnlyMeNativism @dbellwether @ananavarro 
I'm old enuf to remember when we were the #UnitedStates & America had a North & South.
oh there is still time! Freedom of speech & press we still have time to break & destroy under #45, pos! But maybe he'll go b4
~ Enjoy it while you can.  These freedoms are disappearing under 45's reign.
Respect to you!! I hope more "republican" woman get that point.  Trump is bad for America PERIOD!! Gender need not apply...
For now, anyway.
@SouthernFlorida Not if Trump has his way.
I am grateful you are as well.  Don't let the bastards get you down!
You do know who your president is right?
4,000 women a year silenced by domestic violence. We still are not there.
. The U.S. feels a bit on the precipice of disaster. But I love America too & hope our Democracy too strong to put back on shelf
Me too Ana. #fightlikeagirl
Amen!!!
...fully documented American Woman.
which is why we should fight for them as well as the issues facing American women still.
grateful but not all the way even in US. Women are still earning less, having less access to health care, etc.
For now anyway.
wow. I'm Sorry ppl. But can't help but wonder how much traveling outside our country u have done to think we jsvevit so bad. 
*have it
I and many other American men are grateful you are too, I am sure.
Amen, Sista!
and we do not have all the freedoms we are entitled to have. It may be better than some but let's not fool ourselves.
Well said. Me too.P.S. didja encounter a mermaid?? Hmm.A dolphin. I ffd up!HA!!Safe trvs home!
@dglasscock Me too
You might feel differently if you were an American woman who is lesbian.
These are YOUR Republican peeps pulling this bullsh*t Ana. It's YOUR party.
many American women r not able to love who they want live how they want &protest what they wantthey r all married to republicans
American women are losing many of their rights to trump!
many women in the US also are not free, to use the bathroom that suits them, stay with their American born children, be safe...
and respected by men, women and their sexual predator President. They still need our help.
We'll check back in a couple of years and see if you still feel that way.
And we are grateful you are here and speaking out!!
Yes we can still do all of this.
And we're grateful that you're here (even when I sometimes disagree with your politics, you're still a class act! -:)
Grateful Canadian Woman. 
My country gives woman healthcare, maturnity leave, daycare, etc so we can live  to the fullest!
We must keep fighting b/c Republicans R trying to take away many of our rights. Right to body Rolling back sexual assault laws
WHY are you a Republican? Have you not yet awaken from your nightmare?
But how long will American women have the freedom we now have? With *45 in office I have my doubts.
Then now is the time to stop marching with idiots Ana. You are not one of them.
@T4Hudson 
As am I, At least for now...
Feels like American Womanhood is at risk with the Neanderthal in chief #fakepresident #pu**ygrabbingpig
...less grateful since fellow citizens voted in a man who thinks assaulting me is funny. Women at universities still aren't safe
Grateful for now.
Grateful for the women who fought and sacrificed to make it so in America.
YAAS
@adamisalamb we love you Ana.
but as more &more muslims come 2 USA they will push 4 shariah law-we MUST MAKE IT AGAINST LAW 2 HAVE SHARIAH IN THE USA
Especially like your strong woman ruse, 45 married to 71yr old multimillionaire guess you can afford those rose colored glasses
I'm glad you are too . I love your tweets .
everyone is a victim right? Pandering
Wish being American meant any of those things for poor people like me. The multilevel marketing of opportunity is total BS.
I am glad I live in California where I get good health care n my governor cares about us n Democrat
.@ananavarro @tant1ne give those horrible #Dominionist assholes a few years in charge. They'll "fix" that.
alarmed to hear women being arrested for peaceful protesting including founders.
Trump will take care of that for all of us :(
We are indeed very lucky!
the rest of us not so much
So why on earth are you in the Republican party?
Now if the GOP would leave their vaginas alone and demand equal pay the America you think you live in would exist. So naive Ana.
I was too until January 20.
@EnriqueMFlores3 I am grateful there are women like you Ms. Navarro. 
You Ho GIRL!!!!!!
even with a crazy president!
considering our abuse stats, not sure why you're so happy
you missed getting raped or persecuted by a man? lucky you
yes #islamic countries treats women like dogs ! Yet the liberal left @TheDemocrats and you disregard this treatment!
a prayer for all those women trapped in a world where they cannot fulfill their potentials; glad to be an American woman!
@LisaAMoyer Thank you!!
But Trump and his buddies want to see us go backward...in his dreams.
please run for office
Love the red dress, 
You're Nicaraguan refugee in the United States.Your roots and thoughts are still back there.Hope someday you do become American!

But these women aren't protesting against Sharia Law.  I just don't get it.  Do they like how women and LGBTQ are treated?
Nothing  great abt being an American woman where loyalty of your man comes at a premium & U R left with no choice but to part
Yes, be grateful you are in America, land of the free, home of the brave.
@rockinrobray I've been told by two leftist white women that women in the Middle East have it better.
Thank you for saying what needs to be said. I am also Grateful I am an American woman!
grateful to be an American woman as long as she doesn't tamper with the ceiling ?
yes great but still nothing seems to change after so many protests.Look what America has become and rights seem to be violated.
if the GOP has its way, we won't have any of those.
Me, too. Until Trump.
thank you for the reminder
So far. Wait till trump changes the rules and makes peaceful protest illegal & Inauguration Day/rallies attendance mandatory.
We're blessed to have you here. 
#DayWithoutAWoman
yaaay for you desde sevilla
I hope we can continue to be grateful, with a Trump admins. who knows
We are all grateful, that's why we're striking so that Trump does not represent us internationally.
Don't take it for granted- your freedom ends where someone else's begins- all our freedoms are at peril in the hands of tyrants!
Mostly agree. But often used as reason to settle.
for now anyway. Could change at the stroke of a pen
me too Ana me too
you're awesome Ana!!
YET we are 104th in the world for women in gov't. Terrible
hope you get those meds for honestly  and integrity
ur a communist. If America woman ud be fighting for the women under sharia law. Beaten, killed, treated like garbage. Ur selfish
then why can't we FINALLY get the 1972 ERA passed into our US Constitution??! Women should = EQUAL Rights
American women are being told they should not be allowed to control their own bodies. That's not freedom.
@lsarsour an American woman got arrested today in America for protesting who/what she want! So yeah very grateful indeed!
I went all day without crying until I read your Tweet. LOVE. Thank you.
#PREACH  Regrettably most Americans, male & female alike, do not appreciate how truly blessed and lucky they are.
who isnt impoverished, rural or of color. In which case in America you subjected to many of the same constraints.
Seriously though America isn't the only free country in the world .
not quite there yet but def better than a lot of places must make sure LGBTQ rights are always fiercely protected
Um ya, I hope you can still say that a year or two from now. #resist
America is grateful for you!! 
glad you're with us, Ana!
.....not living in a conservative county of a conservative state, in the Bible Belt
if your so free why were the organizers of the women's March just arrested in ny
some of our women need deliverance from themselves. They do more harm to themselves. Think about that!
Ana. I agree I thank god everyday I am white womanizer bien in ameryand old enough to know America b4 trump destroys it
much better response. Sorry to chide earlier but pundits don't get to off their Twitter game or else TRUMP!  Arg!
go make me a sandwich women
Yes even with all the crap trump & GOP are doing to Our Country Im grateful I was born an American We have right to vote GOP out
is that your worry about women? Is that all that make u grateful for America. LOCA??
And thanks to you for being such a great role model! Continue to give 'em hell!

#InternationalWomensDay
You would be even more grateful if you were a Canadian woman.
#AmericanWoman  
We are joined by our power & our pain,
we join each other in joy & sorrow.
Regardless, we persist.
#InternationalWomensDay
#daywithoutwomen
@rattlesnake_kel Except as GOP roll back civil rights Lesbian women aren't "free to love who they want". Not proud of GOP US.
amen
Grateful to only be hit once in the face, not twice. We all know 45 is unfit. WE ALL GET IT. He needs to B removed frm office
Grateful you are too. #GratefultobeanAmericanWoman
and we need to continue, as women, to fight to protect those rights; even here.
Agree Ana, Proud to have freedoms as an American.
I am grateful you are an outspoken woman. Keep tweeting!!
Shouldn't you be snorkeling?
Unfortunately many American women do not have those rights either. And under this president and the GOP, it will only get worse.
Well honestly #Trump is perhaps THE typical American man though transparent on his dalliances
And when we women are empowered by law to control our own bodies and fates we truly WILL be free. #womenchoose
@DearAuntCrabby really hope this will go on. But you live in a country where men hear that it is okay to grab woman at their p**
Women in Europe are freer than women in many parts of the US, and after TrumpDoesntCare you will know it for sure.
@Doorcow enjoy it while it lasts
@DearAuntCrabby Let's hope we can continue to say this.
But you don't have gender parity here either.
for now...
Many women in the world do not have access to basic medical healthcare and human rights. Let's not forget this.
we wish your Democrat party was as appreciative
Ditto!
Yeah? Hold that thought until we see how far trump is able to get with his women's agenda.
So far, so good, but Ryan-McConnell have other plans for us.
TRUMPSKI WANTS TO BELITTLE ALL THOSE HE CAN'T CONTROL AND THAT INCLUDES WOMEN...
Great to be an American. Don't want the big orange goof screwing it all up
it would be even better if all American women had access to affordable healthcare and birth control #IWD2017
Not when ur GOP are done Ana. Look to your north for a country that has had all these rights 4 women + abortion rights for yrs.
Rarely agree with your politics, but so admire your strength & commitment to fighting for your convictions. You are a role model
speaker Paul Ryan told me to suck a big fat hoarse penis. Look on my page
Better to have never had rights than to have them taken away
love the work you do. And I support all women
hard-fought and moving backwards every day as a result of the hard right.
wow a tweet you are not going after @realDonaldTrump   You feeling ok? #maga
...until these things are taken from us too.
You belong to a political party that would jail women for having an abortion. Please take a seat.
Yet, in many parts of middle America, shackles on women remain. Subtle maybe, but they're there. Gov mandated or male mandated.
But we're American women w. a Pres. who's a sexual predator. #neverforget
@realDonaldTrump NO ONE will ever forget these words, it is called sexual assault no matter how you spin it! #Classless
like Melania?  She's forced to love Trump, cause of her Russian ties. 
THAT'S TODAY!  WHAT ABOUT NEXT YEAR???
Then why are you in the party that prevents women from doing the things you value?
For now Anna. Let's see what is to come!
Amen.
And the GOP you support is trying their best to change that too.  #Resist
Hey, Ana, time for you to just be a Democrat with us. We've been RTing you for nearly a year. Welcome!
Agree stand up & report more on these issues Not enough coverage of Roll back on Sexual assault laws
