Like, "oh we'll just take AN ENTIRE SALARY FOR A WORKING PERSON and throw it into the ole bank account for ya"
These people are completely deprived of ethics, morality, compassion, empathy, humanity OR they are just batshit crazy.
Are you suggesting there is no thought behind it, just simple reading aloud for $6m?
So I'm confused. He makes his money reading a teleprompter or selling commercials. And I get how it works, just think how you sound.
What did little kids and seniors do before Obamacare?  Were they dying in the streets?
Actually many of them were dying, maybe not "in the streets". But many were, and declaring bankruptcy b/c of medical bills etc....
They still are with Obamacare.
So you haveva problem with empathy. A lot of sociopaths do.
Funny how liberals intentionally ignore those who are struggling from Ocare.
I have ACA coverage + pay < $100 more mo. then I paid pre-ACA. W/ACA, I have 100% better coverage than I had pre-ACA. I've saved $$$ w/ ACA!
That's because now insurers actually have to cover stuff. Everyone I know says their policies are much better now
Saved my life. I mean it.
Why don't the liberals give 95% of their income away to pay for healthcare for those 6 month babies who are going to die in the streets
Giving power to the states to make their policies regarding Medicaid is the answer.  Not federal govt dictatorship
I would love for these wealthy GOP'ers 2 step in the shoes of a struggling family 4 a week...
You realize liberals are free to give all their $ away to help people in need in right?  Start a new charity and show your liberal altruism
Hayes you'll never get it will you?
Typical pajama boy.
Crawl back to your safe space while strong ppl fix the stuff Obama did wrong.
Bye
This is why term limits are a necessity!
Unfuckingfathomable !
Are you refer to reducing Government seizure of a Producers earnings, a "cut".
Someone making a Million Dollars a Year--Is Paying MOST of the Taxes! You Should Focus, on Helping underachievers!
How much do I have to earn to to see some of that tax cut??
It is absolutely ridiculous
That's everyone in Congress that's also Maddow , Matthews, & maybe Lawrence as well
If we had a flat tax without 90,000 pages of loopholes we could have free HC.
Absolutely nauseating. I don't want the cut. I don't. Just carry on.
They are so out of touch with real working families
And what's your point? He still paid way more than the average person! When you take from one and give to another you rob both!
It's like this now

Seems totally fair.
And yet, those who receive a refund are more likely not to invest in job creation but instead invest into something that only they benefit
But these people will say they give thousands to charity. Americans don't want charity. They want to make a living so they don't need it.
That's just mind-numbing.
Let THAT sink in.
BS, they voted for that Republican Party so they need be accountable for the existential threats we are facing today.
BS! I didn't vote for those assholes! Don't lump me in with YOU!
A few steps of away from a real handmaids tale.
I hope they know what the median income is, and factor that into decisions. No hope of that.
OBSCENE !!!!
Astonishing 
your gereedy  republicans at work filling their pockets!
#trumpcarekills
So like $50k-ish? Thats not even enough to pay for cancer treatment for a year. 
How can you support this unneeded tax cut funded by savage cuts to the vulnerable @bensasse @SenCoryGardner @senatorcollins @lisamurkowski ?
Chris Hayes, a guy making 20k+ per day, letting on Joy Reid to hamstring Bernie Sanders, is now the arbiter of immoral economics.
But first thing's first, you had to work against Sanders and now send out a sympathetic Tweet. What's your weekly salary, Mr Hayes?
Do this blatantly while telling working people how much they CARE about them. Disgusting.
another way to look at this tax cut, this could mean the hiring of an American at the median income through the S Corp. who received the cut
can you sum it up in 3 clear easy points so  many voices can speak simply to our reps?
@windmillcharger 
For someone, like n 1person, alone,as in only 1single person.Do these people even know the Our Father prayer?
Sounds about right...
criminal @GOP @SpeakerRyan, Mitch freaking McConnell
Is THIS what @realDonaldTrump told #MAGA fans? 
Probably STILL refuse to see how they were SCAMMED by the most CORRUPT CON ARTIST in USA
Wrong!
None of the morons supporters I've met benefit from this tax cut. What gives?!
Said otherwise, the tax imposed by democrats in 09 on the wealthy was more than the median income!
That's all? Mere bag of shells, Chris!
Makes the banks in Switzerland and the Cayman Islands happy.
Poorly worded statement.
I support a family on 30K...and it took me years to get there.  #Handmedowns
Someone's life traded for tax cuts is despicable, grotesque abuse of power and privilege. Monied  people grabbing for more. Heinous.
& Corporations fatten their bottom line at our expense.
Yes
Disgusting
So like 4% of their income?  The term 'wealth inequality' suggests the existence of 'wealth equality', which isnt a thing+should never be
No one cares because guys like you don't have the stuff to say it on air. By the way MSNBC is just a couple shows away from being FOXNEWS!FU
Congrats on the new tax break
If you make over 30k per year you are in the top 1% of income earners in the world 
Chris - does this mean you donate the difference between your marginal tax rate and your effective tax rate to working families?
And we keep voting in repubs. What is happening to us.
No one should trust this guy about anything. Remember his interviews with Sarandon.
Pardon my ignorance, but what is this massive tax cut that keeps being mentioned? The 3.8% Obamacare surtax?
Stop pretending to care about the middle-class Christopher... Keep cashing those million-dollar @Comcast checks you establishment HACK!!!
Well yes Chris this is how you create (shits pants throws up and lights money on fire while watching "alex jones") jobs.
So what are you going my to do with all the money you won't have to pay in taxes?  Buy medicine for sick people?
Coming from a guy who makes $30,000 a day. Thanks Chris, you're a real man of the people.
NO WONDER Rep wrote HC bill secretly 
under cover of darkness!
Clearly demonstrates Rep value the
wealthy,blame poor,ignore middle class!
AND pay taxes to do it!!!
So how many of us have to work to pay that  and still survive every year?  All of us average citizens.  All of us....
How many median incomes do they still pay?
way less than their parents and grandparents did, that's for fucking sure.
I just make it into the over $250,000 bc I own a business. I paid over $90,000 in taxes last year.I pay $18,000 for health care. 1/
1 kid in college, 2nd in a year. My actual take home pay is significantly less bc of paper profits.I live comfortable but not extravagant 2/
Our tax system is broken, the ultra rich benefit. Those of us with small businesses bear the brunt.
@JohnJHarwood To the barricades! At least Romney tried to keep  disdain for poor folk on the qt. Trumpsters howl it at the moon
Repubs always busy screwing the American people.. busy, busy, busy. In between Congressional breaks that is..
And those who don't make enough to file (or pay much at all) will die when they get sick. But it's all good, right?
The @GOP. The death party.
and a comparable tax cut for the rest of us can buy a trip to Cuba for healthcare. That doesn't sound fair.
So f'd up I'm nauseous
Which evaporates with 1 case of cancer or a premature infant. The wealthy aren't immune.
America needs to Remove #45 before the
Maniac starts up Major War(s)
We'd all probably find out from his Tweets.
@JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain @TedCruz
You'd think only paying 50k to provide 23m ppl insurance would make a millionaire feel good.
I would like the potential recipients to come out and state that they don't want this blood money
It's inexcusable and heartless. This fact certainly proves that point.
yes, go talk to george clooney.
If you give an employer back enough to employ another person...this isn't rocket surgery.
So what are you going to do with the extra money?
Which means the amount that they pay is a hell of a lot more than the US median income
Silly, this isn't a healthcare bill, it's a tax cut bill. Everyone knows that. Although it'd be helpful if people would be quiet about it.
Now that is the disgusting part of this. An entire income. An entire income.
It is THEIR money. No one else is entitled to it. So what is the problem?
That'll be true when the government stops handing out billions in corporate welfare. Not until then.
Even corporate welfare, which I oppose, is money taken away from others. Government has no money.
Greed is bad according to that Bible thing they all flip through on Sundays.
Guess it's all fanfare.

@wildwillow65 That is disgusting
Might equal a very nice tax cut bonus, maybe additional houses/yacht/jet etc., for a lot of those politicians.
What? They're not going to trickle down enough for us all to be millionaires?
Who cares? Working poor elected him. They will suffer it's their problem. They need to suffer immensely for their choices. Enjoy the tax cut
Hell YEAH!!!!
Trump&his rich friends&fox r creating a country where poor can not go2collage have health care&work 4 5$ a day like Mexico.trump is4the rich
Wow! And do .@realDonaldTrump  supporters, of middle America of middle to low income know this?Prolly not.They are headed to their 2nd job.
IT'S MY MONEY NOT YOURS!!!!!

Super. Ugh.
I think Buffett said he was getting like $650,000
The USA did very well for decades when taxes on the rich were very high, and they didn't suffer.
The media is not even reporting this issue. Not ONE Republican Senator objects to this HUGE TAX CUT on the backs of the poorest citizens!
@DeanHeller @robportman @joanwalsh Say above sentence aloud. It is obscene Save your states and US #StopTrumpcare
Sure any of us could get 100,000 and live off the interest alone
I know the GOP collectively reject the needy getting medical treatment, but how'd they feel about Trumpcsre if no tax changes for the rich?
They need that to wipe their assholes
Isn't that why he gave jobs to all the rich people he owes money to. Tax cuts are paying them back for the money he went bankrupt on.
I say cut health benefits from politicians.  Not that it will matter much as most of legislators are wealthy. Put money towards poor.
@Senate @Congress @POTUS Giving Tax Cuts For Mega Rich Has No Place In A HealthCare Bill! The Rich Neither Need Or Want Another Tax Cut!
And the tax hike from the imposition of this tax (in 2010) for someone making a million dollars was more than the US median income.
Does not even return federal investment income tax rates to status quo ante -- pre-ACA.   Pre-ACA 15%, now 23.8%, post-AHCA 20%
@AlasscanIsBack I'm a CPA with a MS Taxation, licensed in Insurance, Securities and Real Estate and GOP is financially evil.
Thank you for your experienced insight!
Also used 2B a Public Health Microbiologist years ago I could run this awful ship better, more like Gov Brown
That's why it's called the WealthCare bill. It's to take care of America's wealthy.
But how will they give us all the jobs if they don't get tax cuts on the backs of the poor and disabled? #ahca
Amen!
Think of the good they'll do with that extra pocket money #boats #elevators #winecellars
They should just call this the gold Rolex cut, because that's pretty much exactly what these d-bags will do with that spare change.
Good.
And?
This is so immoral in so many levels
$51,939 in 2015 in 2015
Yes but not most relevant. 17 mil losing Medicaid r elderly, kids, disabled.  Ask yr Senator if he’s throwing Grandma outta nursing home.
And they can't pass a budget, even before latest attempt for revenue reversal to rich.
Yet the payment percentage is almost double what Obama and Bernie Sanders paid last year. So it kinda balances out to no help for the rich.
Thanks.
The rich getting richer the poor getting poorer....
@RandPaul says 10% of $100K is more than 10% of $10K so naturally the rich get bigger tax cuts. Who knew! Bet those people making $10K r /1
thrilled about the cuts to capital gains tax so they get a break on all their investments./2
How anyone can not see that the #GOP is only for the rich is beyond me.
The GOP redistribution program. Take from poor & middle class & hand it over to Trump, Jared & Ivanka. Oh, don't forget Mercer's, Adelsons.
It's amazing that we're such a rich country that we have so many rich people that reasonable taxes on 'em makes health care 4 all affordable

Redistribution of wealth from the poor & middle class to the wealthy. Anyone who thinks this is ok should be ashamed of themselves. @GOP
And Trump will profit bigly as well
No matter how much they receive the tax cuts (relative to worth) will not change lives of rich - they are already rich & will still be rich
Ins co will start dropping ppl now.
anyone who thinks putting another 50k in a rich dude's pocket will create jobs is smoking dope.
Oh. I get it now. Those of us making less than median,,.they have to sacrifice two of us to feed the rich. Got it
Yup, pretty much. This is CULL THE HERD. Monetary Eugenics. Kill people by overcharging them. Screw the masses. Its how revolutons start.
That's actually a pretty low tax cut. Like, why bother?
This still stands, and it will get worse. Thank a Republican, who are the culprits @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
And they don't know that "no" means they have to stop.
If you make more, you pay more in taxes. For example The more items @ 8.25% of the balance will be the more you pay!  Flat tax might work!
Only a million? Chump change (or should I say tRump change?) #MakeAmericaThinkAgain
Rich people pocket change at the expense of the lives of millions. WHY!?
Apparently only bleeding heart liberals or Christians who truly follow Christ's example ask WHY someone needs more money than they can spend
So the rich are going to trickle their tax savings down to the poor and all will be well, right?
@Stonekettle what does this have to do w healthcare?
That's the plan
Problem is once you get Rich enough, tend not to care about anyone but yourself, do ya Chris?
Tax cuts to the extremely wealthy only take money out of the economy. It doesn't get spent in ways that bring further benefits later.
Holy crap
And if you have a so-called "pass through entity," an LLC, S-Corp,  or Partnership, it's more than twice that, if tax reform passes too!
@RandPaul thinks this is just simple math - it is - he is a zero
Make millionaires third yacht again?
@robdelaney how well off millionaires are in comparison: 1 mil would pay my annual income for about 30 years
We can't let the GOP get way with this!
If you make a million dollars/year, what on earth do you need $50K for? What difference will it make to you? Why do you even want it?
It's mind boggling, isn't it? They literally do not need the tax break and yet they will destroy the country to get it.
And have spent a lot of time & money buying up politicians for exactly that result.
There's nothing stopping rich ppl like Chris from reimbursing the taxes paid by a poorer family.
I do not understand how your comment relates to the conversation.
Which is still about 4 times what I make.
I just finished grad school and to pay my student loans and live comfortably I need to make close to 80k. Which after 6 years of college
I feel is fair. I was looking at tax rates today and they will literally make it impossible to live. Especially with DeVos in office.
The only reason I pursued college so rigorously was because I knew the O admin would make it a fair and level playing field. FML.
why aren't the more conscientious billionaires speaking up?
I wonder, if you make a million dollars, why do you care about that amount in a tax cut? Bc you pay cleaning staff with it? <Sarcastic>
...And people sometimes ask me why I'm depressed...
Just think of the falcon plane tickets the rich will buy now. So stimulative!
And they wonder why ppl call them & their policies EVIL!
The #BRCA is the @GOP way of saying they hate Americans.
Hahahaha good. Government sucks spending that money anyways. At least rich people making $1 million MAY hire some people to work for them
Wow same cut sick @latinorebels @NBCLatino @AFLCIOLatino @LatinaLista @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @SocialPowerOne1 @mmpadellan
Are these rich people so desperate for money that they need to take away healthcare for kids, elderly, poor, disabled, to make ends meet?
But they are the "job creators". Now they will be able to employ someone and pay them the US median income.
Wars have been fought for less

There are more poor than median income earners and the poor make 1/2 the median.
Mic drop:

"@chrislhayes: The tax cut alone for someone making a million dollars from GOP bill is equal to the US median income.”
Ok smart guy. You seem to not understand that businesses make the economy. And when u tax like crazy (obama) the economy fails!
That's awesome.  Now the employers will have the money to employ one more person at a true living wage.
This has been going on a long time. Why does it not matter to the Trump/Bush/Reagan voters?  I'd be interested in that analysis.
The GOP is the American Fascist Party Will Comcast allow you to say this and justify it
Trump is Mussolini and The GOP is the American Fascist Party
Anyone think this is what trump voters wanted ?!
SHAME!
Thanks Chris. You are maybe the most entertaining while still informative twitter follows.
Without @ABC @CBS @NBC & esp. local affiliates covering this travesty?  It will be yet another arrow thru the heart of the Republic
It's so fucked up that I have to do without so I can pay my taxes but ppl like that can get away with this. The struggle is real every year
I have no idea man 
Really!
American
Quiet you liberal elitist. How much did you make in 2016? You live on another planet. Don't act like you know the struggle of the ordinary
That. Is. So. Sick.
Meanwhile, @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr @GOP @SenateGOP 
THIS is what you'll be remembered for
Of course it is.
#EatTrumpsLunch
that is good. That way the government won't get enough money to rake control of us.
But they can barely afford three vacations a year off that salary Chris. You're heartless
MSNBC? 
Fake News.
Typical fear monger / half-truth liberal tweet.
He hasn't even seen the bill. 
That's telling! Wealth gap...unAmerican, immoral and frightening for the nation's future.
This is possibly the saddest tweet I've seen.  No logical reason for this.
If the GOP passes their health care bill it truly means they have no heart and care not for the American people whom they represent.
You're a fool, they made that money and should be able to keep it...and tax cuts build economy and business
@cindyfromindy60 Not to pigeon hole anyone, but why do I feel most Trump voters won't benefit from this tax cut.
Need more focus. What's the tax break for DJT & each member of his family?  How about his wealthy cabinet?
which is to say, they will barely notice it
