@chrislhayes Social Security Fix. Let them pay in a whole lifetime and then let them die! Any Rand would be proud!!!
@KathrynECramer why aren't u pushing for HR676 Medicare for All to come out of committee for vote?
Has your representative cosponsored #hr676 ? You can click here to find out. https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/676/cosponsors?pageSort=alphaByState …
ugh - #NY21 @RepStefanik is a hard right @GOP tool of Paul Ryan. She's going to lose her job in 2018.
@POTUS I'm just 60, IF this happens you will lose my vote and I will NOT vote Republican again:(
#DonTheCon supports profits over people Everything he has done is aimed at hurting people look at his EOs
Bringing back jobs was NOT something Obama did. I know because he personally lied to me and I was Outsourced
PS.  I don't feel Obama ever 'intentionally' lied.  The forces, GOP, were fighting him hard. Even on the Stimulus package.
He wrote to me that he was "working on it" Outsourcing. He lied, of course then you can't tell me you are related to him....
I am sorry.  In the 90s, it was mergers resulting in layoffs.   It happened to me before O was in office. IBM to China/Mexico.
I know...it began with Reagan I think. I thought Panasonic was a huge company, that I could have a future with, NOPE:(
Good luck w finding a job.  The NE is hurting.  I don't see the return of big business here in Southern Tier.
You supported #ACA that forced many older Americans to decide between lights or prescriptions?
shut up fool
I had over $60k milked out for healthy family of 4. I would not have voluntarily done that. #EconomicsInOneLesson #ACA
@ragdoll1959 So, basically this is the death panels GOP warned us about.
because AARP is 90 percent democrat.   They r watching out for themselves.
who can combat new commercial for #AHCA
AARP is a far left org. that cares about padding there pockets no matter how much they hurt the people there supposed serve!
Trump treated them like gospel when they criticized ACA, and they were right to do so. You're in a cult.
@POTUS seems to have only fair weather friends?
#cloudcuckooland
#KamalaHarrisforPresident
wow!
@DenisePouchet They already added increased subsidies and the numbers don't include part 2 or 3 which lower costs.
AARP doesn't support the ahca because they're pushed Obamacare on us millions of dollars no health coverage
I just cancelled my AARP membership. They loved Obama Care.
f aaro
Funny how AARP supported Obamacare which has been a disaster. AARP is clueless about how things work for seniors
1. You can't beat @AARP (or @NRA) in Washington! 
2. AHCA will not pass the Senate.
3. House @GOP election '18.
Never do it!
Because people over 64 are on Medicare.
Its because GOP wants those insignificant muggles to die. They paid taxes 40 yrs & now are worthless. It's food or RX 4 many
f aarp
I take care of my self,im on no meds, no preexisting conditions,why should i be punished.
because you're a child that is obviously incapable of empathy. Try someone else's shoes on for a change.
This is where I think #Agediscrimination comes in! Not a Fan of #ACA but it is fair,Prefer #Singlepayer #Healthcare=Right!
How ironic the many older American's who voted for the current regime will lose their coverage... #ACA #MakeAmericaSickAgain
Bull 
READ THE BILL, Most doctors, hospitals,  AMA are against this bill! The age provision is VERY REAL!
I should read the Bill?
My politicians don't 
but I should
knowledge is power, yes you should! :-)
AMA is a joke 
CBO is a joke
Millions lost coverage cause of ACA
I want it repealed .. period
Why is it the taxpayers responsibility to pick up those with "modest" salaries? Entitlement keeps growing
that's what we want! GOP is killing off mostly of its own base.
Trumpcare will only cover : Breitbart, trump hotel execs , and congress?
What about My People ( America )#comeOnMaaaaaan
Many docs & hosp do NOT accept OCare plans plus out of pocket $$$ less covered less choice etc! #FAIL
better keep it or get 30% penalty on restarting insurance! READ! Yes let's go with New plan-got to hurt to open eyes!
It's not just an age tax, it's Trump,Ryan Republican death panel
@AARP members were complicit.
that was my sentiment exactly. He promised no cuts, they believed it and he delivered on his lie.
believe he would take their health insurance though he promised to do just that.
it's sad but they actually believed his rhetoric. Sometimes voting based on emotion gets you screwed.
I get a lot of them didn't like HRC so this is the outcome of that emotional vote. Just said they all have to suffer.
There is currently no flawless plan for health care but ACA is certainly superior to AHA.
That demographic fits me to a T. No, thank you, repubs. Try again.
Wasn't the AARP in full vocal support of the failed Obamacare. U have no creditability. Go away.
We're hurt now! Is that covered at all?
You won't be able to retire because you can't pay the health care insurance payments on your own for the majority of folks--
FYI..lived with Obamacare..BCBS deductible rose $500-750-1200-2000 to $4000 in 2016..we are not going to die if ACA expires
this,bill is only for the rich think ,about parents and ,your, grandparents  Obama care,did think about all of us
and they weren't when AARP backed Obamacare? Pffft
Disproportionate? It goes from $1700 a year to $14,000 a year to a senior making $25,000. It's #DeathCare2017!!!
except they will receive tax credits to offset the cost.
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan - That's ok. We'll eat the rich politicians and take their moms' drugs. And about the Chineses
cash cows 4 hospitals  Nursing homes Rehabilitation homes Assisted living and Doctors Throw in big pharma & we will still die
seniors r the most overtested overmedicated group there is No amt of tests r pill r gonna make u young Cash cows 4 big pharma
Please help those of us who have worked our whole lives and have now retired keep our health insurance.
@chrislhayes I'm 54 and self employed. I'm on ACA. It actually saved my life. I've done the math. I will be without ins. Sad!
- ACA rates are minimal compared to AHCA rates. No rainbows and fairies with Trumpcare
That's the way it's going to be... elect a racist, puppet of a foreign government, you reap what you sow! #trumpcare
I AM 65 PAYING 135.00 MONTHLY FOR MEDICARE PART B AND 178.00 A MONTH FOR SUPPLEMENT INS.  ALREADY TOO EXPENSIVE.
@pryan @speakerryan #maga  Paul Ryan has been biding his time. This is what disturbed the nuns @potus
The final Bill is yet to come!
So why didn’t AARP care when Obamacare took Millions from Medicare to fund Obamacare! ÀARP always wrong!
Paul Ryan's budget was so bad that the Nun's got on a bus in protest of it. Paul Ryan has Trump on his side now. 3
Paul Ryan has been waiting for the opportunity to pass his bill and budget. Your members gave him the tools to hurt them. 2
Your members voted for Donald and the republican ticket. They knew exactly what he said and promised he would do. 1
...Obama plans offer only one size fits all with extremely high deductibles!! Deductibles are so high can't use it!!
Plus it's basically the beginning of the phasing out of #Medicaid. #TrumpCareFail #RyanCareFail #AHCAfail
GOP wants seniors to die so they will have more money.
What can we do?
Consider 50-64 yr olds not starting small businesses or retiring because they have to be a slave to insurance from the man.
If ACA worked the way it suppose too it would work Had Rep not messed it up from start it would be working they need to fix
CBO were wrong about the impact of Obamacare. It was MUXH worse. Got fly a kite, aarp
People you had better be calling your Senators and Reps. This affects everyone, but kills the poor and elder person's.
All the folks saying, He would never do that! He wouldn't make our premiums go up! Oh yes he would. Read the CBO projection.
The comments are amazing. So many older folks who will see their premiums skyrocket under #Trumpcare, still in denial.
No one should be hurt by this bill while the top 2% receives tax cuts!
the bill isn't complete
I'm right in that bullseye. Eff them!!!
.@AARPadvocates #NoAgeTax .@PressSec & entire GOP says CBO is NOT TRUSTWORTHY so we don't believe anything CBO says per .@GOP.@POTUS #MAGA
.@AARPadvocates actually I do believe in #'sjust showing U what Trump supporters are hearing & what they believe cuz it came out his mouth
EVERYONE should be opposing it, not just the older folks. For Pete's sake, this crap "plan" is just crap.
CBO IS CROOKED AND DISHONEST. HAVEN'T YOU FIGURED THAT OUT YET?
THEY SHOULD BE DISBANDED.
WHAT ABOUT THE OTHER ROLL OUTS?
don't believe you. Last time you told us how great Obamacare would be. As age group member I oppose aarp
Everyone will be hurt unless you make more that 250k
what is your case for young people to subsidize you????
#CBO does not measure damage caused to jobs by high taxes&deductibles, nor letting medicaid&medicare go bankrupt. #inadequate
@chrislhayes 65% of nursing home patients are on Medicaid- can you say crisis in the making?
Get you sick ,throw out regs and rules safeguarding your retirement  plans,I hope I'm on the jury. Who's next GOP sucks its your pockets
#lets see AARP is much like planned Parenthood...This lobbying org preys on its members with left wing socialist tyrades.
#prove it with hard facts and charts... No assumption. Show us the proof!

AARP is against the proposed TRyanCARE. So are most Americans. TRy again!!!  #impeachment
@chrislhayes it's like they aimed this bill at 54-64 year-olds.
@chrislhayes age discrimination at a time when we are least able to do anything about it. Trumpcare=no care
THAT'S ME. I'll be fucked.
You need to fight this tooth and nail. Put your money into it!

you been in bed with Ovama grom the beginning
scare tatics ypu lefties
Americans should have the same health care congress gives their self 
Please RT this to anyone you know in this age bracket. If they make $30,000, their premiums will be $14,500. UNACCEPTABLE!!
And I am grateful for your advocacy , AARP!:)
It hurts Everyone except the young and health and rich. Why isn't anyone talking about 663 billion to ceos?Do your homework
Older folks will suffer financial harm by a much higher percentage than any age group - as much as 5x more than those 21 y/o
"Also worth noting: in 2015, under Obamacare, mortality rose and life expectancy dropped for the first time in decades."
aren't you the turds that pushes for obamacare?
Don't btrust AARP!
Hurt? #notaxbreaktrumpcare Without insurance! Won't be able to afford. Tell it like it is.
AARP <–––– leftist Big Gov socialists. #MAGA
This is my age group! Thanks, #45 & #PaulRyan & GOP for less money in my pocket.
Can states offer more public option, buy in options for Medicaid & CHIP? Great choice for low-mid income.
Maybe it will serve the Trump voters right 4 electing him as THEIR President and not realizing what or who they were voting 4
Y'all need to go full NRA on the #AHCA. Get us (I'm 52) together to tell #GOP they won't be in office in 2019 if they pass it
AARP supported Obama"Death Squads!" for the elderly anything is better than that! AMAC is what I'll buy NOT aarpSame on aarp!
you cucks gave us obamacare. we haven't forgotten that.
the American people can't trust a word you say!!! You're just lobbyists with your own agendas! Seniors trusted you last time
time to lobby
Go AARP. Proud to be a member!  PS: All you milinial
(con't) PS: All You millennial folks will someday join in and they are a great advocate.
you all were FOR the communist, one payer system Obamacare was supposed to become.  Don't tell us you care about anyone!
.@AARPadvocates .@POTUS
So would seniors
EXACTLY who are these "NON-PARTISAN" experts? Do you even KNOW?
This solves Paul Ryan's goal to gut Medicare spending. Less survive to use it.
Funny. You liked Obamacare just fine. Then again, you liked everything about Obama, didn't you? You don't represent me.
You don't represent the elderly bottom 75% in wealth. You never even pretended to.
They want us to be weak poor sick drugged and in despair to take over this country/ FIGHT!!
@debra_bonanno aarp is a liberal fraud who lied to its members when they supported oba macare !
Finally a little truth from this organization who pushed ACA on us in the first place. They just love BHO & ACA.
@debra_bonanno AARP took money to promote Obama care. They lie, dump your membership!
rerun of retirement debacle that hurt those over 50, let go b4 reaching retirement, saving companies millions
who cares what  aarp thinks, they promoted Obama care that nearly doubled the cost of health care
aarp is an Obamacare supporter
Get over yourself.
You suck AARP
If the younger Gen are paying the fine instead of signing up for ACA coverage how does the older Gens subsidies get paid?
that's me!
They will be hurt a lot less when all employers offer healthcare - working people shouldn't have to be on Medicaid. @POTUS
@RockoCalavasi Face it GOP wrote and planned for this bill to hurt the maximum number of people
AARP has been running ads showing Trump saying he won't cut Medicair/caid. That was clearly a lie. How does AARP stand now?
fight fight and call it TRUMPCARE
Yes.   But I don't think Speaker Ryan. Or. Potus 45*. Care    I also noticed they are trying to make it look like ACA
Thats because AARP is a liberal organization.
--Hey AARP "advocates"!? What's your idea of "modest income?" $50,000? $ 40,000? Please explain 2 the rest of us members
.@AARPadvocates <--EXTREME LEFT WING-NUT MARXIST ORGANIZATION PLEASE QUIT IF YOU ARE A MEMBER AND JOIN .@AMAC INSTEAD .@addthis #tcot #PJNET
This affects me, but I didn't vote for idiot Trump. How are you feeling about your President now Trumpers?
Please everyone knows which side #AARP  has always been on. #donttrust
aren't you the same people that sold out senior citizens with obamacare??? you're in it for the money ONLY!!!
aarp advocated for Obamas "Death Squads!" for the elderly instead!!! Join amac instead 4 50 yrs & older that's what I'll do
Did u ever say anything about the $700 billion taken out of Medicare to be put in ACA.Your lobbying did that u said nothing!
AARP been robbing seniors for years! Just a bunch of liberal puppets! 
Why the hell did you support that crapload called Obamacare?  I'd never give you one effing cent!
Where was the AARP on obamacare???
Well, the majority of 50-64 yr olds voted for the con man. So why should we feel sorry at all?
Exactly when people start to need HC the most!
,aarp stands to lose millions of dollars ,
You didn't care about OLD PPL WITH OBAMA CARE. I STARTED BOYCOTTING AARP AND STILL DO
@debra_bonanno @AARPadvocates AARP is in bed with the liberal progressive movement! Personally I disavow them!
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @RandPaul @KellyannePolls @seanhannity @SenMajLeader DOA w/ key demographic: better change
I don't understand why not a straight repeal! 58yo premium doubled in 5 years. Now 1/2 my check!
promoted lie
Wasn't the AARP in full vocal support of the failed Obamacare. U have no creditability. Go away.
Your views mean zip to me #obamacare Sellout #amac is a better choice
they are hurt by Obamacare for sure.
why not help aarp members understand the issues with obamacare.  My premiums have tripled in 5 years!!!
THE PROBLEM IS WITH HEALTH CARE "PRICES". If you govern the insane prices (not people), you fix the problem.$$$
screw AARP, deserve what you get for supporting Trump.
They won't make as much money under new healthcare plan.GOLDDIGGERS
And what did the CBO say about Obamacare? That same group lost their insurance.
CBO= no credibility
@Fearlessguitar @realDonaldTrump trump promised health care for ALL - just do Medicare for all BOOM - trumpdontcare
AARP is no friend of Seniors!
THERE IS NO ADVOCATE UN THIS NEW HEALTHCARE BILL--IT'S CARE FOR TRUMP ONLY!!!! YOU DON'T MATTER IN ANY WAY
The CBO lies about the ACA
all you damn idiots act like  the healthcare bill was ok w obama, its a disaster! The new 1 will nvr get past senate! CTFD!
and elderly voters went for Trump, 53-45. I feel little sympathy for them now.
So fight like hell AARP!!! Got the membership request in the mail today. Should I sign up?
AARP takes money from all political affiliations and should stay out of politics!
- this number will increase with the currently proposed health care (scare) bill!
@morg2239 but you guys supported the plan that made me lose my insurance. You may be quiet, now.
If I remember correctly,  AARP stood behind obamacare.
but people keep voting Republican.  When will people learn??  Horribleness... Bigly!!!
Irresponsible and reprehensible.  To be expected with this administration.
The older, pre- Medicare group are likely to be in their prime earning years & have more health care needs. Makes sense for them to pay more
Many of these will have employer paid health insurance.
What about those that don't? That's what ACA was all about. And if uninsured #s go up everyone pays more!
you supported Obama Care. Lol. #corrupt
just more left rhetoric. Will never support AARP.  There are other options for seniors
let's screw the regular folks. No one things they'll do anything about it.  Boy are they wrong
@aarp top your scare tactics. We all know you are liberal but you don't know the facts
