I have never been as scared for America as I am with this admin. Russia is literally taking over &  they've enabled it.
Who handed Russia a Reset button?
Who pulled missile defense shield from Poland?
Who sat idly as Russia invaded other countries?
Whatever nobody stops you from doing or nobody punishes you for is defacto legal.  So yes, he can, unless you have a plan...
Leahy is an idiot.. Sessions is clearly no running from anyone. Go look into the thousands of Clinton crimes.
AG Sessions, must testify in public, it is fair to infer that he has something to hide. he lied once and he will lie again.
ur all a bunch of witch hunters wasting taxpayer $$ and accomplishing nothing--except digging ur own graves! Keep losing!
Thank you Senator!
AG Sessions requested public hearing you liar!
LORETTA LYNCH.    Idiot.
my msg to you. Prosecute Holder for illegal gun  running, committing perjury while under oath to congress or stop talking
S
that slimeball to STOP disrespect the American People! Esp toward the Democrat Senators! He DOES NOT pass the Smell Test! #FireSessions
Why didn't you scream when Obama allowed justice to give 1B$ to left wing NGOs? #DemHypocrite.
used to be mild mannered until he became the New Dem, bulldog without a bite.

Robert Mueller can file criminal charges for obstruction against Trump and incarcerate Trump. Using the federal court system. https://twitter.com/RodneyRhodan/status/873739798816542720 …
Run.....you mean like Loretta Lynch, Susan Rice, Hillary "I don't recall" Clinton and all of her aides? Justice isn't a one street Senator
Rats gnawing away at freedom.
Obama's DOJ gave 1B smackers in forfeiture cash to Left Wing NGOs while Leahy stayed silent as a mouse with a cat about to pounce
Message to @SenateDems. You lost for a reason. Wise up, get to work and stop wasting our money on hoaxes, or you'll be out in 2018, 2020.
Oh Patty have we hit the pub already or still at it? Sessions is PISSED at Comey. Him testifying in front of Grassley is the last thing.
Is he really? I haven't had the news on, but I did see a few comments here this morning by that drunk @SenatorLeahy re: Sessions testifying.
Yeah he does it in front of Burr. Not sure open or not. He is very upset with Comey over the recuse comments. It won't be pretty
I can imagine.  Part of me hopes it's an open hearing so that he can publicly ream them.
I think it is don't hold me to it. My question is how he can testify on the Russian probe when he's recused himself?
I don't believe he can, and I hope he makes that VERY clear. They were the ones who forced the recusal with their tantrums.
Watched @Gingrich_of_PA last night on Periscope, has a lot of sources and always on target. Sessions has done everything in the sun..
Just make a timely schedule & have the AttyGen testify at all comedies. Sorry... Committees. He doesn't need to run. He can take a limo.
Yeah just like the over sight of the Missing in Vietnam that the McCain lead oversight hid from the American Public. You all are a disgrace
Thank you.
When is the GOP going to stand up against 45 and cronies on moral grounds-not just cuz they r worried about re-election?
Ask him about his Russian meetings, as well as #ComeyDay. But I expect he will continue to lie under oath. #SessionsTestimony
Oh, but he thinks he can in his new air jordans
Question for AGSessions:Why did he leave Comey alone w. Pres trump? Sessions knows it's not kosher & as Comey's boss was his job to step in
SORRY TO CHANGE SUBJECT,PLS DONT LET ORIN HATCH USE RULE14 TO SEND TRUMPCARE FOR THE VOTE -NO DEM INPUT,HEARINGS WTF?
And he's going to testify in public, looks like.
2:30 EST
And you can't lie because Truth will find you!
ABSOLUTELY!
@JeffSession  In case the USAG hasn't read it, the US Constitution provides a government that requires transparency, quit hidding Jeff
And THE PEOPLE have oversight of you ALL
#RepealAndReplaceGOP
Keep on his tail.  He needs to answer for his actions.  No one in this administration is above the law.
And Sessions must not be allowed to fire Mueller: as a person of concern, he should not have any influence on the investigation.
Crimea, ukraine, syria. Hmm anything in common?  Oh yea ------- Obama and his Russian friends.  Leahy where you yhen?
Omg.  Give it a break.  Get back to work on new health care bill and lowering taxes.  You'll do anything but work for Americans.
THANK YOU SENATOR LEAHY!!
he should take the 5th like Lynch...when are you going to grill Mueller, POTUS should exercise executive privilege and  him
#Sessionspublictestimony
senile old Schumer ass kisser wish you had not run again, you certainly do NOT represent Vermont
ICYMI, this oughta help form your line of questioning https://storify.com/public/templates/card/index.html?src=//storify.com/loriaustex/seth-abramson …
Why do think Sessions won't just lie again! Liars are always liars
The little weasel will certainly try though, won't he?
Thank you for your leadership, Senator Leahy.
How in the hell is Sessions still an acting Attorney General? How many crimes does he have to commit? What's the magic number?
Will you listen to yourself... "can't run forever"??  Is this the new normal?  Stop manufacturing controversy!
" 'You can’t run forever’: Sen. Patrick Leahy puts Jeff Sessions on notice that he is coming after him"
Proud to be from Vermont!

Plus: your committee is for overseeing discretionary spending legislation not running rouge investigations. Don't abuse your office
Trump has been in bed with Putin for years.  Has nothing to do with Obama's policies on Russia.
Sessions has a lot of Splainin to do. Red file is not a good sign. (After Tuesday, his resignation perhaps close behind). We mark the echo
I AGREE
What everyone is missing is that Trump has repeatedly lied under oath during his career and will again. Sessions likely no different
#JeffSessions is a #Klansman  to the core. Those folks have made cowardice an art form. #ImpeachTrump #thinkprogress
he aint running you witch
He's doing good job of it so far. What can you do? Coup is complete and now they're busy dismantling constitution.
@CruzWhobris Tell me who are the cowards. Great big yellow belly on that little ugly elf.
You, Sir, Are Despicable! The Dem Script Is Only Acting, And Although You Are Superb At Acting, Your Country Deserves Better.
And also remember the President has oversight on all of that.
Where were u when obama & all his scandals were taking place?
My message for all those who hold public office: You need to have honesty and integrity. Period.
Amen to that.  #SessionsMustTestify
Since it's clear he's playing games why not subpoena him and be done with it.
Thank you, sir.  You guys need to get tough with this crazed, traitorous(?) administration.
I think they are all just trying to put off the inevitable as long as they can to get away with as much as they can & get as much $ they can
Thank you Senator.
Hurry, Senator
And the Fucking RepubliTurds do not care!!!!
OK CHAMP tell him like it is. Thank u #senator Leahy for making them honest
thank you Senator Leahy
Hold his racist little ass to the fire please.  He is accountable
He can't run, but he can hide. The closet is always a great hiding spot.
@USAGSessions @Trump_Regrets @PalmerReport Gosh, you're in a real pickle, Huckleberry! Rembmer to stop and ask: What Would Br'er Rabbit Do?
He'll try...
Mr. Leahy, I am a staunch conservative but I will back you 100% 2 get this blithering idiot out of the WH, & there are millions more like me
I'm an SMC Purple Knight who is so proud of your leadership! Keep fighting for justice!
But, will he be honest, or will he betray his country by covering for tRump?
When the next Profiles in Courage is written Snator, there should be a chapter for you
How to destroy due process in 140 characters or less. #decorum #nobetterthantheotherside #impeachallcongress #startover
Thank you for caring Sen. Leahy.
Sessions is a coward and a idiot. I decent AG with morals would of already resigned..and they would of never turncoat with the russians
He perjured himself once, no consequence. He shows a pattern of lying!  Being a senator at the time is irrelevant since he was on Trump team
Teach brotha
We demand public hearings. Eleven hours or so would suffice.
THANK YOU SENATOR LEAHY!
See: Varmint
Sen Leahy stood up to Bush admin on patriot act, ever since then he's been the most partisan political hack.
Thank you. This corrupt administration needs to be held accountable.They think they're above the law. How long will the GOP be their lapdogs
@tbahler I'm elated to wish my friend a happy belated birhdayhope it was a great day Tom
What was @jeffsessions thinking, leaving #Senate for #POTUSTrump  shit show?
Impeach Trump
@USAGSessions is a racist coward enabled Russia to subvert our election.Quid pro quo giving #DJT green light to take Foreign $ for AG job.
Thank you, Sen. Leahy. A voice of reason in this quagmire. History will remember you fondly.
Attorney General Jefferson Beauregard Sessions the III needs to finally accept that the South lost and surrender his racist ambitions.(1)
For those who think I'm being unfair, his racist attitudes are reflected in attempts 2 reinstate mandatory minimums 4 nonviolent crimes.(2a)
Agreed! Thank you Senator
2) 3rd Do you believe that people that lie under oath should go to prison? 4th Should you go to prison for lying under oath?
Obama Clinton Obama Clinton enough already
1) 1st question, Did you lie under oath during your conformation hearing? 2nd question, How many meeting have you had with the Russians?
Absolutely
If Russian actually had  any thing to do with our election, which is bs, Obama was then in office.  Doesn't that fall on his term.
Responsibility apparently is easy to demand of others but Republicans won't take responsibility for healthcare mess, Russian interference.
@MRbelzer hey sessions, the Mayflower Hotel is hot on ur heels.
...but Sessions is so small. Tiny. Tiny sad...
In the meantime he is doing REAL damage, especially to POC. He is scary.
Send him a subpoena Senator.
He can't run forever, Senator, but that doesn't mean he won't try. Thank you for shining a light on this...please KEEP it on.
Subpoena him. He is hindering an obstruction case.
Especially not with those stubby Keebler legs.
Ghaaad daamn. (Shots fired)
But, he can stall, and the DEMS can help them. Talk IMPEACHMENT. Every day those idiots are in charge gives them more of what they want.
Thank you @SenatorLeahy for stepping up for American people & holding Atty Sessions accountable. Please ask for his resignation-Clean house.
Maybe he'll run to Moscow.  Take his passport!!!!!
@CNN @SETHABRAMSON Time is of the essence-we have no time 2 lose. GOP is trying 2 pass bills in secret sessions(pardon the pun) HUGE THREAT
Sessions thinks there's an earthquake. Don't you duck and hide during one? He should be in bomb shelter right now...
Bring it on.. You are on the wrong side if this..bad,  very bad.
#WeAreWatching 
#NoCollusion #ImWithSessions
With all due respect, sir, the @GOP will see to it that he can!
Thank you for speaking out @SenatorLeahy .
Power play is expensive for the American people. Instead of investing on rumors why not put the money towards schools?
How much money is the American Taxpayer paying for this witch hunt?  Explain I want to know how much ..
Huh, why is he running if there is nothing to hide?
You sir are the shining example as to why we need #TermLimits ASAP
Thank you Senator Leahy
Sen Leahy what's being done to stop  @SenatorBurr from trying to have it both ways here?
Be on the Senate Intel & aid trump surrogates?
Dear Senator, why isn't @DOJ independent like @FBI? Seems rather ridiculous having them work 4 President, should be working 4 We the People
He is just a yellow-bellied coward!
Will Sessions testify in uniform as Ollie North did? Dial air conditioning unit up, probably very hot in sheet & hood.
I never said that I was "running" Senator. What I said is that "I am having the runs." Big difference in the two.
Thank you Senator!
AG Sessions not running from anything. That's a lie and a smear. Now apologize to Jeff and do some actual work by passing @POTUS agenda.
I know we aren't suppose to judge people by how they look but Sessions' face screams "I'm a weaselly consumate disingenuous puppet".
Thank you for your courage and patriotism.
Thank you, Sen Leahy! You're a true patriot.
He doesn't have to run forever, just 4 years he is in office & he'll be successful because @TheDemocrats have ZERO power to do anything
Appreciate u taking serious ur oath to protect the US & hold those in question to task, if only we had more like u  take notes @tedcruz
Nothing operates w/o appropriations. TY you for reminding them!
Thank you. Please keep after these criminals.
He must testify in public!!!
Looks like Sessions' testimony is going to be behind closed doors.  No surprise there.
No more talking and playing around.
Not a joke. The biggest idiot on earth was at the Jim Comey hearing. Meet him now. (NEW VIDEO)
Agree completely & it must be OPEN session.#SessionsLIED @SenFranken @SenatorBurr @MarkWarnerVA @SenFeinstein @senatorcollins @ChuckGrassley
Well ...Subpeona his ass and if chair won't agree get on TV and scream and don't stop!
Can't sneak forever either, especially not away from Mr. Mueller, who I suspect already knows where to find Sessions' hidey holes.
His Keebler elf form allows him to be sneaky and hides well when aided by Russians.
Good Ol' Boy AG Sessions won't testify in open session so it can be publically viewed - The American People Have The Right to Know.
Daaaaamn! I like your style. My senators are acting like little bitches. Lots of love from TX!
Actually, as long as Republicans control Congress, he can hide forever. Democrats are powerless.
Thank you, Senator. Just asking, is our democracy safe?
Bama is better suited for Session's style and for the sake of the rest of the country. If you have nothing to hide, step up to the truth.
Yes he does
He lied to senate. Why does he still have a job? I would be fired if I did something like that!
He's corrupt and needs to go!
Right after Loretta Lynch provides a truthful record of what happened in those 45 minutes in Phoenix with Bill Clinton.

@SenatorLeahy => Thank you 4 your objectivity in the Sessions open testimonies. The American ppl only want honesty and truth ! 
Thank you Senator! This shell game that Trump Admin & GOP are playing with our nat'l sec and integrity of our democracy must end!
How principled and moral you are--- NOT.  Quit prejudging and act like you belong in the U.S. Senate.
Sessions is part of it all.  He should have never walked from the trump/comey meeting.  He should have corrected Trump.
Finally!! Keep going....get the traitors out. Please protect our Constitution,  our very democracy
Funny how he went 8 years without a scandal and now we have all of this including an AG who is hiding from the truth. Swamp indeed.
Lock. Him. You know the rest.
Is Flynn preparing to flip on the WH? They likely put him up to probably anything he's going to be charged with-bet he was assured a pardon.
Senator Leahy - can you also please look in to the DOJ arguing Trump should be allowed to profit from foreign entities? This cannot stand.
Please for the love of god and constitution do something ANYTHING to stop this disaster!
People with nothing to hide, hide nothing. Sessions is a crooked coward.
So, now he's a scared bigoted elf?
Go get him. Issue a subpoena. If he refuses to appear, arrest him!
Sessions is just going to lie to you again anyway. These people need to protect our country/Constitution not Trump
The time for closed hearings is passed. Thank you, Senator.
Why is he not suspended from all duties until investigation is over? I don't understand
Take them down!
Thanks Senator. Many in the Trump administration are acting like they're above the law.
Think Sessions is wishing he stayed in the Senate now ?
I salute you, Senator! Thank you!
What Makes you think he is Running

Oh yea, Nothing........ Requested to Testify and confirmed..

Take your obstructionist (D) and sit down
Thank you Sen. Leahy
#WANNABDICKTRAITOR #TrumpCartel #GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP #IMPEACH #LIARINCHIEF #CompromisedPresident #GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #AbuseofPower #INEPTWH
