Kakaj
Then why don't we have universal health care after 8 years of your presidency? Another fake leftist taking insurance money.
America needs you!
Speak for yourself. He's a fucking criminal. Open your eyes Amber
How about this. Beat me in HORSE and i will vote for....? You left a mess Mr. Community organizer. Get it done DT
President Obama knew that his health care plan wasn't gonna be repealed or replaced! Obama is a straight up OG!
Just talked w/ u former chief of staff,the current Mayor of Chicago,on the crimes issue in the city.I expressed my idea on the trouble & a
possible troubled 'biz' there.The question s if v can handle that?&get a better plan&solution for the city for a hometown. @HillaryClinton
3/6 Only buffoons would be so blindly loyal. Whatever victory you think you have, history will inevitably know that you are king of buffoons
JOU HAVE NO CARACTER WHEN JOU HAVE BE STILL JOUR TIME IS OVER. RIEKI PETERS
We need you to start doing townhalls to defend ACA & tell people how trump & the GOP are sabotaging it. trump is afraid to do townhalls

Push for public option then idiot. How do u like your free govt healthcare?
Cool story. Obamacare sucks... So....
There is need to get Trump educated about this. We can't play politics with health care.
Too bad you created a system where people have to pay higher premiums than their mortgages. You almost destroyed America. #MAGA
This tweet is aging well!
Really miss you man..all the best to you and your lovely faimaly.
Go away. You screwed up this country sooo bad already. Now your arrogance won’t let you stop and go home.
Yeah, it's all about lining your pockets to support your racist wife. Hiding much, Barry? Your legacy is dead. Your admin was a joke.
Where is a #FluxCapacitor when you need one?

Thank you for the ACA.
A good measure of...
Truth 
But it is not working 
Costs are to high 
Too many gaps in coverage 
Gov now has too much of our personal info
Just move back in. We'll all pretend it's 2009 and none of this ever happened.
i would rather pretend 2006 never happened and skip over to 2016
Lol! So laughable! It's about making it unaffordable stamping your name on it and putting tax payer money in your pockets. #November
Change your profile !!! You are no longer President!!!
I am always this close to tweeting him, President of what?

Am A Kenyan proud of you I have named my son after you  jakogelo.
also I like you
You right please help me to become a greater president than you was. Yes you can!!! bestserne@gmail.com 
H1
cant really denay that NOW @HillaryClinton  WAR with USA senate for what @KingJames ???? HATE
Healtgcare was better before obama Care. I was paying $36.00 for 3 people now because of you!!! Im paying $784.00 a month. Where the justice
"Obamacare" remains the law of the land!!! Thank you for setting the best idea forward and helping my family so tremendously, @BarackObama!
My family thanks you & the ACA for taking much worry away as we raise our lovely MD fragile son. Too bad I've had to fight so much for him
still faking it big time  need new writers
1 Pres @ a time doesn't mean u have no power. U still hold President before your name if someone with your favorability
Thank you Mr. PRESIDENT!!!!
Why is it we can't get rid of your disastrous Obamacare?!  Senators should have that same disastrous coverage & then maybe they would repeal
Noooooo, it's about free stuff and buying votes, but u never were too creditable with ur words. "Keep ur Dr. Keep ur plan."
Bless you @BarakObama bless you
We felt secure and safe, when you were in the WH.
The American people had a strong leader we could depend on. We miss you!
You have NO CLUE #obamacareFAIL
Giving reparations to the descendants of African slaves would also promote the character of our country. Don't you think?
Please Barry Hussein don't talk to us about the character of our country- it's a great time in USA now that you are out of office
Agreed
Yes health care is failing all American Citizens 
Exactly when do you finally shut up
Our character is gone.  The gerrymandering makes it impossible for the majority to have a voice any longer.  Come back Mr. President!
Well when the top 15 CEO's associated with the health BUSINESS earning $300 000 000 let us start there!
Happy birthday!! Miss u lots! 
#AntiZionist #ChristopherBollyn http://www.bollyn.com/   RE: #WTC911 #WarOnTerror #Zionism #Neocons #WMDs #War Etc!
All you trump haters, give me one example of why you hate him.

LIED to the taxpayers about Obamacare. Your Legacy line "If you like your health care you can keep your health care" What I remember you by.
Its about lining your pockets you mean and those of the traitors on the hill. Your legacy? The #Uniparty that we are busy ferreting out.
Dadua
visionary like u sir may continue thier work for the welfare for the underprivileged we trust u
yea right. All you globalist believe in decreasing population, except for yourselves of course.
Hello do you know djadja dinaz ?
We miss your character... dignity, mirth, eloquence, thoughtfulness, moderation, loyalty, warmth, grace, intellect, work ethic, empathy...
It's about making working Americans pay for non working Americans, and now illegals, just so Dems get the vote. Not working.
Those of us who have been more fortunate have a moral and ethical responsibility to help those in need.
Sad that you have to even say these words to these so called Republican "christians"
Government is not charity.
Have a seat somewhere
Typical. No argument. Just telling me to shut up. My point stands. Government is not a charity. Get out of my pocket and pay for yourself.
Nobody is in your pocket. You don't even understand how the ACA works. Go have several seats.
I used to work in the health insurance industry. This is not health insurance! It's a scam!
Sure you did. And this monstrosity just rolled out isn't? It's a tax break for the wealthy, you got played fool.
Love <3
Miss your leadership and your American spirit!
Hello your Excellency! I am a Catholic Priest and I need your attention please. Here is my email address; juliabsa@yahoo.com
How we miss your class and grace.
You were just the token president just like on South Park the character token
Your "healthcare" bill crammed down our throats was the biggest joke ever played on the American people!!
Sure was. Eight years of hell

Soon No one will ever know Who one failed pres obama existed .....Bye failure obamcare n michelle
Thank you for healthcare that bleeds us to death. UNAFFORDABLE HEALTHCARE DISASTER. How do we get out of this mess.

I am hoping US senators will do the right things. Ever since your term expired, there are too many dramas.
Does not say much about the character of your country then.
No where in the constitution does it say anything about healthcare. If you want socialized healthcare move your commie ass to Venezuela
The character of our country is seriously flawed.The GOP should be embarrassed to try and pass this" wealth care bill" yet they are proud.
I agree sir!
all  the best
do you ever get tired of listening to the lies and bs that comes out of your mouth?  we do
You are giving HC to everyone not working at the expense of those working.
Sure is. Obama’s redistribution of wealth.
X-EX PESIDENT!!!!!! No longer president!!!!!! #obummer
thank you obama
Happy Birthday to an amazing president, role model.
that is right and there are MANY concerns now, what can we do?
You and Hillary Clinton really f'd this country up. In the process you let Hillary steal  funds from taxpayers for the Clinton Foundation.

Sir I am new to tweeting.  Just want to say hello and thanks for being our president.  You and your family are missed.  Bobby

You are so sweet @BarackObama I love you
Sadly GOP are determined to kill fellow Americans -by the millions they want us dead?? Why?
No More Clinton's! & No More Obama's! Remember when Obama said Trump  will never be President? Bahaha! God Bless President Donald J. Trump!
Government provided health care is a Communist Russia idea. @SenJohnMcCain I hope @realDonaldTrump campaigns against your next re-election.

Had good health plan. Not the top best but good affordable insurance. Then lost it because of Obama. Deductable doubled as did premium.

Yeah it's about government taking over our lives!!
It's about "You can keep your doctor." What else?
And didn't Trump say "I’m not going to cut Medicare or Medicaid. Every other Republican is going to cut"  republican bill cuts it by $800B
Fuck Obama. Worst Divider-in-Chief in history. Shithead compared Indonesia to USA in a speech today. Clueless.
Have you been listening to Trump and the things he says?? Seriously?
I'm a big boy. I got my own opinions. Never saw so many blacks and whites fight and kill each other. IMO Obama started that shit
Are you really going to blame 400 years if killing on someone who was elected for 8 years? Ridiculous. Trump incited violence during cam
No. I'm gonna blame Black Lives Matter on Obama, because he sat and talked to those hoodlums. And I've never seen so much hatred since him.
Legend
Your joking right? Oh that's right the joke was on us when u said we could keep our doc..gee thanks o bummer my prem is 37 % higher
Obamacare will be forever one of the best accomplishments in medical field!!! And no matter what it will remain in history!!!
Lol
Miss you "The Real President
That is why they they can not take ACA away because it is the fight of the people. Thank you Sir for what you did.
1/6 They loved you Obama, and you used that to screw us over for Allah. Cause of your skin-tone & party, they refuse to hold you accountable
Breaking News Obama left the White House infested with Roaches and Fly's loved him
La
Health Care  simply can not have money involved - and United States are not ready get money out of the well being of human life
I whole heartedly agrre with you, if only every american citizen would educate themselves and realize we all want the same thing, health!
Love u BUT U didn't sell the ACÁ and the dems didn't own it like they should have. Just now folks r seeing how important it is yet u r silen
we miss you Mr President
#SAVEPALESTINE
very true. US citizens deserve Obamacare.
If only if we could have you back and not that idiot in the white house.
And you ruined the affordable plan I had with a Dr. I trusted.
This can not be more true than now....
Keep enjoy your popcorn while your watching this craziness. Sadly, it gets under their skin.
destroyed healthcare, doubled the natl debt. used irs as a weapon. unmasked americans. race baited every chance he got. and whistles his S's
I wouldn't call my $6000 individual deductible or my doctor of 30 years that I can't see anymore because he's not in network "character"

health care works absolutely fine in Germany
Liar
There is no Constitutional authority for the Government to take over the health insurance industry. Obamacare is a scam and a failure.
#2 no matter how hard, how much trump does away with history will show the truth how much good you did for the country
We need you back in the lineup.
Americans have been brainwashed; every man for himself, no fraternalism, so no Universal Medicare for All like other countries
Be
L
I miss  you and love  you forever. 
Thank you for being my best friend in my head. 
Awww. So sweet.  He's my best friend in my head too.
Your plan was an attempt for socialism and we are so glad you are out of office.  You need to be jailed for treason

The country you wanted to "fundamentally transform"??
FYI, just picking up the slack I case someone forgot to inform you....you are NOT the president, you are an EX president. Stop stalking!!
The nation had character befor you! Now it's confused about what gender it is what bathroom to use! You destroyed our healthcare on purpose
Word
That doesn't cure by traditional physiotherapy medicine at all. We need medical marijuana.

1 MILLION JOBS IN 6 MONTHS! That's the power of @realDonaldTrump's #AmericaFirst Leadership!  #MAGA 

Just another person without insurance because of this nightmare. I miss u and the Mrs.
And about having absolute control over 1/6th of the country's economy...
Healthcare is not a right
And the Haves pay for the Have Nots...
Every time you open your mouth another lie comes out please don't talk anymore
Blah blah. Shut up
Obama faces off with Reagan in our best presidents bracket. Ever wonder who'd win? Vote http://tylt.it/oK82Dl 
Pretty different in their ideologies but both were fantastic presidents - I think Reagan just trumps Obama though...
And his failed supply side economics!
Here's an app that can help people manage their health conditions: Lifespeed's health app: http://tinyurl.com/yb7l4992 
Don't listen to Karen you will always be our President.
We keep hearing it's hard to figure out how to pay for it, so here's an idea
If only we could go back to the days before you f####d it all up.
its about REDISTRIBUTION of payments or wealth from the young and healthy to the people who cant afford it.we call it socialism failure
And about your friends at Cognosante
You tried to destroy the charActet of our country. Go away!
#Trump2020 landslide
