"Real news" -> 36 states have agreed or are considering providing publicly available voter data to @POTUS Election Integrity Commission. 
20 states refusing to give any voter data to Kobach: AZ, CA, CT, DE, KY, LA, MA, ME, MD, MN, MS, NM, NY, PA, SD, TN, VT, VA, WI, WY
25 states (including KS & IN) giving only partial public data: AL AK AR CO GA ID IN IA KS MI MO MT NC ND NH NV OH OK OR RI SC TX UT WA WV
Here's what GOP secretaries of state from MS, LA & AZ have said about your sham election commission @VP. This is not fake news
Two members of Trump's election commission refused to give private voter data to Kris Kobach. Another resigned
Trump's sham 'election integrity' commission serves only one purpose: to spread lies about voter fraud in order to suppress votes
We need a commission to investigate Russian election hacking & gutting of Voting Rights Act, not imaginary voter fraud
Not even Kris Kobach could comply with his own request, since social security #'s are private in Kansas
@wojo4hitz ok where can I get tns tickets other than their site??? It hates me and never loads.
Where are you going?!
I'm not but my brother is going to pride in vegas. I'm making him go  I just can't get the show list to load.
Awww I wish you could go!
Me too but no money. that's why I'm trying to get tickets for the brother to go.
Awww that's really sweet
Thank you just having a hard time finding where to get them.
I would just go to Ticketmaster and search "Tegan and Sara," that's where the tickets initially went on sale!
Is FL on the list? I'd be surprised DT paid Gov Scott and AG Bondi 
Yes FL is on the list go to http://voterrecords.com  & look yourself up.
Must be all 50! #stand united
Do you realize they are published online for anyone to see including voter id# & party affiliation? Freely given online
Check for yourself at http://www.voterrecords.com . Hackers  have all they need & they no longer have to steal it it's freely given online
45 states rejected, but according to VP  Pence,36 states are handing over info?  HOW many states do we have, VP?check your "real news" math!
No surprise Fl.'s Gov. as corrupt & $elf-centered as POTUS is caving!  Class action suit by the people might be in order!
Wait..didn't DT say that using comp info is hack able and the only way to stop disseminating info is by words to paper via courier? Why now?
I also live in NJ and I know Christie would completely comply with his 'loyalty' to his 'very trustworthy' friend. What about DT taxes/info?
Trump and abandon institutional voter racism
45 have rejected 45; you have to like the symmetry .........
but this would seem to agree

https://twitter.com/Greg_Palast/status/882708355248041984 …
its public information.
Ok cris if want voter data tell your fake president to turn over his tax return than you might get them # your fake president
New Jersey plans to turn over the voter data.  I live in NJ and spoke with an employee at NJ State Board of Elections.
Perhaps Pence means those states that are already participating in Kobach's sham CrossCheck, despite denying the request
Why would they give voters information to so called orangutan, he wouldn't released his taxes????
Thankful to our founding fathers for states rights, even though NC got hacked.
Let's get to 49 cause we know Missouri is going to give it to them poor Missourians
@chrislhayes @VP @POTUS "Don't tread on me" in court of public opinion. Maybe bad for other needed nat'l election issues (VRA)?
We have 81 states now?
There apparently are now 81 states then? No wonder we have voter fraud issues, no one new about the other 31 states!
Actually last I heard it was 48!
Our voter's rights need to be private and protected.

So why is @VP lying?
Pence is another f'in liar about this and what he knew about Flynn . Liar liar pants on @VP
Hey.. That discrepancy is because Trump believes there's 81 states.
@VP @POTUS They're up to no good!
Well Donnie didn't release his taxes
RED STATES THAT ARE LYING TO THEIR PPL ABOUT REFUSING TO GIVE UP INFORMATION
http://progressive.org/dispatches/republican-states-turn-over-kobach-voter-files-even-while-cl/ …
THEY ALREADY DID
Pence is Gaslighting Americans again.....stating that these states are considering handing over PUBLIC INFORMATION
Issue solved Introduce legislation requires all states territories2mandate use of valid govt photo ID& present voter registration card2vote
Not anymore!! YAY!
Yeah but Trump asks 45 out of how many?
BULLLLL SHITTTTT
SO MUCH FOR CHRISTIANS
PENCE HX LIAR. SHOWING UP
I wish Alaska had!!!
I "ducked and covered" at age 8. I startled to the national defense siren every Wed of my childhood. All that fear is flooding back. #Trump
@VP is a big a liar as his Fuhrer.
If it is publicly available, why doesn't the "commission" just acquire it for themselves?
What about Florida?
What world does this man live in 
@realDonaldTrump 45 states have rejected your call for our private info 45!!!
Note to self... there are five States I don't want to live in.
So what the real question becomes now is who did turn it over?
IL Board of Elections says they won't even take up request until 8/22 during a regularly scheduled meeting. Seems doubtful they will comply
45 only 5 more more to go plus DC and PR and pacific islands!!!
I'd really like to know what country those 36 states are in since 45 (how ironic) states are pretty much rejecting this.  45 + 36 = 81. Huh
Who are you trying to fool @mike_pence ?
Right on!  I believe Pence can't add, among the many other things he can't do! @VP
Fake news
Christie is out and should not vote for New Jersey!@CoryBooker

At present only 14 states think we are crooked mofos and refuse! ONLY 14! And the rest said have what is publicly available! 
He's such a frigging liar! The audacity of his claims notwithstanding!
It's about time mainstream media maybe hasn't said anything for Palmer report the best finally conspiring not colluding is the better word
Trump campaign and the head of the snake conspire with Russia and hacking and illegal in taking over offers from Hillary Rodman Clinton*!
@realDonaldTrump doesn't trust Americans when it comes to voting yet says nothing to Putin or Russia. #TraitorTrump
And Florida better not release our info. @KenDetzner
The information being asked for is available to the Public.
There may be more to it than public announcements.
http://mailchi.mp/gregpalast/v3tjxbfkb4-172605 …
But not freaking ALABAMA where I live!! They gave up all my inf without even asking me. I think they should be sued!!!
But, check out @Greg_Palast TL. 21 of those already had the data.
Pretty sure HI will tell them to jump in the ocean.
Bunch of the Red States gave info to #KKKKobach but lied about it and acted like they were refusing
You have no shame. 45 states have said no to this idiocy.
Is there any state fully complying with the request? Or no
And double talking Kelly Ann is saying 40 states will comply.  What a bunch of fake news/liars/alternate facts.
@VP is actually using the fake news- real news thing. Just like his boss. 

And people were hoping Pence would be a voice of reason. Hahaha
Now that's an electoral landslide
http://governor.hawaii.gov/newsroom/governor-iges-statement-on-the-request-for-voter-roll-data-from-the-presidential-advisory-commission-on-election-integrity/ …
Who are the pathetic 5?
Good it is none of their business
Woot woot
its called #MinorityMining,they're"Prospecting"for Blacks&Latino Dems2purge via CrossCk&Pence's,#VicePresidentsCouncil on Suppressing Voters
OMG! The Christian one is lying. Now Evil Race Bannon is spreading alternative facts?!!? That man causes me ovary pain.
Patriotism.
Those are all fake states, bad hombres in those states, fake fake fake...prob most illegal and fraudulent votes in those 45 states, 45!!!!
In the White House released, that report of this as "fake news!" So much for your 50% of makes you slightly nauseous...
Okay, where's the bi-partisan review of this data? At this point can we believe anyone?
pence is incuding 'considering' in his 36 comply.  Weasel
considering to hand over PUBLIC INFORMATION....pence is gas lighting US again

@Spicerlies 
https://twitter.com/Sparklepuff2/status/882707149343817730 …
Apparently lots already gave this info earlier. Voter suppression coming by the man who advises hate groups.
They are just CONSTANTLY LYING!  How does that square with your religious beliefs Pence?
Which 5 haven't yet...?
So I don't accidentally move to one of 'em
its publicly available, stupid.

what good is THAT if YOU are trying to "rig the election"?

@VP @realDonaldTrump @GOP FAIL

#TheResistance
.
5 more states to go, every single state should reject this.
@VP certainly lies a lot, doesn't he?
Maybe he can extrapolate results from the five remaining.
Note the quotation marks. Maybe he doesn't want to get caught in a direct lie but hopes his base doesn't see it that way?
Can you confirm or not this information?
BREAKING: GOP states that claim they won’t turn over voter files to #Kobach have ALREADY turned them over!!! http://progressive.org/dispatches/republican-states-turn-over-kobach-voter-files-even-while-cl/ … 
"Are considering" sure takes in a lot of territory. I considered whether Pence's tweet was bullshit or not. For all of about five seconds.
Here are the real results, anyone w/ intelligence can see it's apparent that the election was illegitimate , collusion, obstruction.
Liar!!
if they don't give over the data willingly I know someone who can get it for me
POTUS and Election Integrity is a contradiction that don't belong in the same sentence.
@JoyAnnReid @VP @POTUS #25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow
@VP @POTUS *WHICH* Commandment was "Thou shall not lie"? Number 9? The voter fraud commission is a fraud, as is this presidency.
Only 45???
What's wrong with the rest of them?

#FakePresident #25thAmendmentNow
i'm in illinois, where they say they haven't received the letter, but then, our state is pretty messed up, so...i say bs.
But some have already supplied. Ignorant administrative blunder or deliberate deceit?
@vp is outright lying, unless we now have 81 states.
Pound sand, Pence & Kobach.
LOOK WHAT I FOUND BY @Greg_Palast
Figures Christie to give nj voting info. Nj voters should be outraged #VoterSuppression
Even their own state said "Nope"...
What are you hiding? Hmmm
Think You'll Find Even Kobach Isn't COMPLYING With HIS OWN ORDER! PiousPence, Why LIE About Something We Can CHECK? 45 STATES WILLNOT COMPLY
No State should give them this info. I believe that they will misuse against the voters. This much info in the hands of crooks is never good
Why would states give voter data to people who lie about mtg Russians aligned w/ someone who won't release his taxes??
So that GOP can stay in power. #MakeAmericaWhiteAgain
Tax-payer funded witch hunt.

Not many times I'm proud to be from the 'Sip. But Hosemann was fantastic with this. Grateful for his refusal.
His tweet makes you wonder what part of “publicly available” does our poor VP Pence not quite grasp?
That poor excuse for a governor Jim Justice gave the list to them. Another multi millionaire. do they have a head for the Gestapo yet.
Shut up and ask Mommy
Hey, 10% success rate! Time for another kegger.
I don't think they kind find new lows to stoop
Florida??????
I called my SOS. They'll vote in aug &are tallying calls. All calls were against. Not 1 call to "share" info. Duh.
Did Pence always lie with ease or was this a trait he mastered since becoming part of this Administration? Asking for a friend
Georgia not one of them sadly.
What else this says is that the States aren't trusted to run clean elections.  Quite insulting on top of being most disturbing.
Who are the holdouts?
@ypegasus7 I think I'm contacting the ACLU and going to sue
Gotta say, Pence is right. Story is that states are going to give Kobach & co our data even if type of info varies
Thank the lord otherwise I would have put together a class action lawsuit!
They've already achieved their goal. Smart people will be wary about registering to vote. Republicans will be unaffected.
Ummm why does the VP have different data?
Maybe the commission should look at Russian meddling instead
If there's time, of course. No pressure.
Getting to the truth shouldn't be this difficult. If Pence has become part of this America fake news dilemma, it is time for them to go.
All they need to do is submit a plan of how they'll keep the rolls accurate. Disregard the rest ..this is all about voter repression
@chrislhayes @VP @POTUS And DC!  Which should be a state
@VP Mike Pence is a traitor, and colludes with Russia inn his inaction. Over and over he opaquely to lies to us w/ no hesitation or remorse.
Only, I SERIOUSLY doubt it's just inaction @mike_pence is guilty of! He's A LOT more involved than just denying verifiable facts constantly!
Some states are handing over "select public voter data." What information is included within that description?
With AR, it's everything that they store- so party affiliation, name, address, etc
GOP can still use that info (like addresses) to intimidate and discourage people from voting, or to purge ppl from the rolls. Thank you.
@KimGuadagnoNJ Protect NJ citizens!  No personal or voting Info!!!!
NJ is going to give it up.
Christie is a puppet, will do anything to have a job, any job with Trump. People of NJ need to take this to court. More to this than fraud
Nope.
Pence has confused everyone with his usual GASLIGHTING .....he is saying the states are considering giving up PUBLIC INFORMATION...
This is just plain wrong. Read his letter. He asked for "all publicly available voter data". Many states are giving him that. So, not 45.
facts..jeez you're pushing it man..you know they don't believe in those
@AriBerman Did you see statement put out by NJ Div of Elections Dir Robert Giles, as reported by @ShoshannahNJTV
Breaking from NJ Division of elections 
But only 25 have promised to protect ALL info. 20 of those states still need to be pushed to protect voters fully.
AR has already turned it over and gave all that they had. They just don't keep the other info
nice, counting those considering complying to reach 36. FAKE NEWS
Seems that it's a legal question on the extent of voting privacy via state law & Const. Art I, Sec 4 - not a Q of "fake news" cover.
This may sound stupid but if it is publicly available, why do they need the states to give it to them?
Because they want the states to pay for it and do the leg work.
So the truth has spoken??? Give or take...
Thanks for keeping count.  The lists are getting too hard to follow.
So 14 states won't even give them information that is ALREADY PUBLICLY AVAILABLE. What a disaster.
Must we get torched and shotguns? Perhaps it would be best lol

Time for 5 more to get with the program
Democracy is still fighting back.
Why is @VP lying?
