When will the @GOP wake up and impeach this crazy man?
impeach means a crime was committed, and impeach doesn't mean removed.  Not a single impeached president has been removed.  Education much?
The truth hurts.
It does, because they think impeach will accomplish anything.
Trump is giving tacit approval by not speaking about this outrageous demonstration of racial hatred. They are part of his base.
And Obama spoke up when blacks were burning the streets right?
Yes he did. Dont u remember,  if he had a son he would look just like him. Everyone was fine with that. Such hypocrites
How fast did Obama respond?  When BLM was burning and looting places, how fast was his response?  We will wait.
DJT could have condemned it from the get go and y'all still would have called him fake and insincere... you're blinded by irrationality.
How quick did Obama condemn the racially motivated black riots during his term?
Defining...and defines his supporters..whether they like it or not.
So we can define Obama supporters as Racists too then? How long did it take Obama and his supporters to condemn black riots? Berkley?
You're a "whataboutist"..1-Obama wasn't prez while UC Berkeley happened;2-Obama never failed to comment on violence of any kind-documented.
Good just like Trump just did.  Next?  And I asked how long it took him to respond.
. @realDonaldTrump is the cause of all this problem @speakerRyan @GOP hasn't got the balls to impeach him
Impeach means crime, no crime yet.  As well impeach doesn't mean removed from office.  Not a single impeached POTUS has been removed.
I don't care how they do it they need to remove this Nazi from office
Because laws don't matter to your ilk.
Heard the NRA ads lately?  Heard the Trump-supporter Fox commentators? It's all part of Trump/GOP strategy.
#SpeakUp for Democracy!
They did, they voted and Trump won.  They 1000 seats lost under Obama.  They have spoken you just didn't listen.
your myopic bullshit makes you look small.
Im sure you said the same as antifa groups were rioting to stop conservatives from speaking on college campuses. Sure you didn't. #hypocrite
You are shameful & irresponsible. https://twitter.com/Lorie4040/status/896468763729469440 …
Deleting #deaththreats won't help you.@Lorie4040 @DNC @SecretService
Trump is not a president... he should be referred to as  Mordred Trump
He condemned the violence on both sides...
Congress should pass a statement denouncing white supremacist, etc. and see if Mordred has the balls to sign it...
Leaky, when NK is talking nukes to Guam what is more important?  DUMOCRATS understand stupidity.
He is a little busy with the NUCLEAR threat from NK right now.If the left would stop removing historical monuments this wouldn't occur.
Yes. Thank you!

2. The hard left seemed as hate-filled as alt-right. I saw club-wielding "antifa" beating white nationalists being led out of the park 2/2
Why do you say this. I condemn the violence but these KKK rallies have happened every year of the 49 I have been around!
white suprems r citizens- Trump must be careful- there were 2 sides to this NOT just the white suprems
Impeach Trump dammit. BS with all this. GOP control Trump
Yes and his rise has given permission to these outrageous acts
You are a liar. Where is Cheney? He has some words for you.@SenateDems
We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!
just like Obama
That's his base, he counting on them for next election "nazi white Supremacist"
Why was obama silent when our police were being killed???
I feel sick.
Make it stop.
Make them stop.
Make Trump STOP.
Kinda like I felt for EIGHT YEARS with Obama and company.
If he cannot be removed, he should at least be censored.
Typical Left, censor what we don't like, screw the laws.  Worked out great for you last election huh.
this is what happens when the democrats stood by when hillary and obama called for hate and protests & allowing atifa and blm
Yes. Thank you, Senator. The nazi show was absolutely terrorism, and shameful.
#UseThe25th. He's not fit for our Presidency.
Sort of like your multiple terms in the Senate EH,   LEAKEY
Quiet Paddy we know how to deal with your type
No silence here, where were you for antifa, BLM? #usefulidiot
100%! And defining for GOP. DT is fueling this extremism, unless Rs denounce trump they are tolerating it.

Where were you at Berkeley? All the death in Chicago?  Blacks killing all the time.  In fact committing 50 percent of the murders in the US!
Working class whites should be denied the right to vote.
Your twitter name says it all.
@BradNeums  shut up.
Your just another bozo on the bus.. do nothing (_._)Senator
Such HYPOCRITES. No comment about Obama's silence towards BLM AND BLACK RIOTS!
IMPEACH HIM
Liar.  DNC with their identity politics and attack directly on white Americans that spur this hate.
It seems Democrat opportunist all have same line, all wrong. President gave speech about riots, you about self. SICK!
The racists are the anti-Whites who promote affirmative action and other Communism.
The loudest message is your irrational Anti Trump hatred that spurs the lemmings in your party to VIOLENCE.
You are a #Liar. Trump, Melania & Pence All Came Out Against the Violence & Hate. You're Trying to Make Political Points Off of Violence.
@POTUS condemned it but of course people like you revel in fanning the flames of bigotry as a means to an end. DISGRACEFUL
#RESIGN
Why didn't you wait 19 minutes. Using identity politics for your gain even when it destroys the country is treasonous.
It's sad what's happening there, but did you condemn previous violence in Berkeley? Didn't think so.
Yea, if trump had a son... ..
His silence?  Come on Senator.  He's going to make a statement about it shortly.  Don't be ridiculous.
you're not very good at Twitter are you Senator? I expect an apology
We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!
Couldn't bring yourself to condemn the alt-Left when they were doing though.
Stop bashing the President!
Not to mention expected, predictable, and typical for Trump.
Where is the National Guard?
It was defining a long time ago. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP complicit as they stand by & enable his bigoted words & policies.
The response that he finally issued was more DEFINING for failing to condemn the bigotry that fueled it. #Charlottesville #playingtohisbase
Idiot.
The American spirit has you shook as you advocate Soros funded riots.
The KKK was the creation of the Democrat Party.  When will you apologize to the nation and own up to it?
#AltRightIsNazism
... and what came after the silence even worse.
kinda like Hillary and Obama stood by and watched Benghazi?
Why was Obama's silence ok? Where were you when the fascist Antifa group destroyed Berkley? Not a peep out of you
I didn't know Berkeley was destroyed.
Always good to be a smart ass
You think that up yourself? You're probably the first person to say that. Why your brilliant boy

He's only silent  (in your mind) because you beat him to the Twitter box.
Don't leave out @VP, who applauded @POTUS's tweet. They are both bigots and racists.
Regressive Left's AntiWhite & Hatred of our history & desire to turn us into disaster of Europe won't be tolerated any longer.
You're the shameful one, you define yourself with your lie.
We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!
LIAR.  Everyone knows you pal Soros paid the protesters and everyone knows they are not Trump people
your a joke Pat. a couple hundred people protesting, and u buy into the media hype like pavlovs democrat dog.  THE WORLD IS ENDING AHHHHHHHH
He hasn't been silent. Stop lying.
hahaha what?!? at least the white supremacists obtained permits, and were there voluntarily. the COUNTERprotestors were sent in to provoke
Remember how you feel about Charlottesville the next time there is a BLM or Antifa rally.
His wife posted. Why in the world is she with this fk up family?
money
Every single congressman/woman should be appalled and speak out against this
It is just like lying dems to try to use a few thousands people to represent hundreds of millions. You are such liars.
The upshot of Democrat intolerance/racism will probably be KKK upsurge. Right now they are tiny 3 - 5k in whole country.
Oh, stop. You Dems spent 8 years trying to stir up a race war.  Whaddya expect? Dems constantly call for white genocide.
A man who usually cannot shut up seems to go mum whenever his citizens need his support. This is not a 1st @realDonaldTrump. Shame on you !
What do you think of 45's most recent tweet? Enough? Or not strong enough? It may be a start but needs more IMHO.
Fool.
#Charlottesville Black Supremacists are celebrated by #FakeNewsMedia 
pLEASE leave the link when Obama, Hillary and the media condemned ANTIFA physically assaulting Donald Trump's followers.

Oh wow....she did that about Bernie supporters because she wanted to make Bernie look bad.
Kinda like Obama didn't do shit about Ferguson until the town had been burnt down?
Not surprised by his silence...those are his base...
Robert E Lee was a Democrat. Confederate Flag created by Democrats. KKK run by Democrats. You can't erase history.
Then why are the republicans defending him to death. Let the democrats remove their filth.
Typical BS by globalist Leah...Trump has spoken out
Shame on you
hOW IS CONGRESS GOING TO FEEL IF NORTH KOREA BOMBS GUAM WHILE ALL OF YOU ARE TAKING A VACATION BREAK? OPTICS WILL LOOK BAD
Those are his people! He can't risk losing their support and he thrives on their adoration.
This is his base! Trump
has to go, Impeach him!
Trump does not concern himself with people exercising their FREE SPEECH RIGHTS. He has to worry about North Korea bombing GUAM
Driving your car into a crowd is not free speech.
And who did that ?
iT'S CALLED FREE SPEECH Leahy. Deal with it. @POTUS has a problem at the moment while CONGRESS is on vacation, North Korea.
After Obama joined in with racist BLM I could see where you'd expect Trump to join in #Charlottesville, only the Trump movement isn't racist
I literally laughed out loud when I read this. The white supremacists literally chanted Trump.
Well BLM were chanting Obama, only Obama was outwardly supporting them right back...racism. Promoting one race vs the other is ALL racist!
Calm down. Give Trump a chance to respond adequately.
Trump supporters do not claim any extremists of any kind.
Trump supporters are extremists.
Not only @realDonaldTrump is silent, majority kg the Republican party leaders are silent on this.
As defining as your tweet. You as well could've taken the time to condemn the riots but you show where your real concern lies. #hypocrite

It is not just the silence of 45, it is the silence of the @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr  Where is your outrage? Esp you, Speaker Ryan. 
At least Ryan made a statement. Way too much silence from the others.
Where was Obama when BLM was calling for cops to die?? Burning, looting & rioting??
And the police are once again treating the far left counter protesters much more harshly than the alt-right demonstraters
Senator he cause this he made it be this way .he go after hillary obama North Korea but not russia or white Supermacist
Doesn't want to alienate his base, understandable..
So why in God's name doesn't Congress get off is ass & do something about it. U have the power dethrone both Trump/Pence take back America
No they don't, not without ignoring the laws of this country.
Republican president.
What are you doing to control the situation ?  #dontblameTrump
Damn right it is.
And indefensible. Completely indefensible.
You need to retire. Your complacent.  Been ripping of Americans way too long.
So, FFS, DO SOMETHING ABOUT HIM! The damage being done is incredible and you are an enabler!
Thank you Senator Leahy.
Where is Leahy condimination of antifa and BLM?
What are you going to do as a leader Senator? Tweets do nothing, and there is free speech no matter how I loathe the Swastika
Because he knows that is his base
Gorka and Bannon http://Have.To.Go.Now !
we all know why he won't say anything..
Please keep reposting this until he actually says something. We need to remind him.
@realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS This is your time, Melania.  Stand on your principles.  Leave the flaming racist that is your husband, behind.
So when is Michelle Obama going to divorce her husband?
What were your words again during the Berkeley riots?
"What about..."

