Trump government shutdown threat rattles markets http://reut.rs/2g4SMMO 
Impeach
That can't happen if the House & Senate do their jobs...!!
Yeah... like Electoral College did theirs. The @$$ is trying to wear US down so #TrumpGOP #Senate can steal & erase as much as they can @CNN
The EC really only reports the vote tally I realize that they vote however it's how their states tell them to vote...
Yes, Some were bound to him, yet, others could have voted for another GOP thus negating him majority and House reps take it from there?
I do not believe that is factual... Link?

Interesting but in all of our history that has never happened... 
But it was informative maybe some of the 26 states need test cases?
Turning a deaf ear to the American people is reckless. Apparently, you didn't learn anything from your presidential loss.
You have got to do something with this man. The US cannot continue on his path! 25th amendment is now a MUST
Obummer was cancer muzzled brotherhood lover wanted to destroy America! Glad that scum is out..now to clear out the rest of the brotherhood
But not as reckless as Dumbocrats gutting the Military through sequestration
If he cared about our country he would resign.
Obummer the muzzzlem sent $150,000,000 to the devil in Iran to build more missiles to point at you fool. Illogical donkeys. Obummer=Gitmo
@Reuters I thought Mexico is supposed to pay for it
If you don't think shutting down our govt. over the wall wouldn't create serious rebellion in this country, think again. Major mistake!
TPP
No it won't, so quit lying and go to work!!
Build that wall and shut it down until you vile dem obstructionist stop fighting what we the majority voted for!!! You lost, you are DM er
Impeach this incompetent maniac. Abuse of power, conflict of interests., violation of Emolluments clause, & Nazi supporter. Impeach now.
Sanctuary Cities are reckless
Where was your outrage when Obama threatened shutdown?
POTUS needs to go to jail or at least a psychiatric hospital.
Obummer is a muzzzlem brotherhood and should be in gitmo with KILLery comey lynch & all their brotherhood

Dems need to step up and be heard......tweets are not enough. Do your job and let our agenda be heard.
No! You & the obstructionist @DNC are reckless!!  You do everything you can to stop our President from Making America Great Again!
@POTUS  Must DO whatever it takes to DRAIN the bipartisan ELECTED&UNELECTED DC Swamp
How many times did Obama threaten shut down?  How soon you forget
You have to take a stand. 
He is already dismantling our government! Please 
Let me help? 
Its time for a leader to #RiseUp
History is now!
A NATION WITHOUT BORDERS IS NOT A NATION. MEXICO has a secure southern border. Understandable WHY you LOST. YOU HATE AMERICA.
The Iran deal was reckless
Uranium One was reckless
TPP....
Build the wall Tim!
Put raced based caucus Dems in museum with other racist artifacts Charlottesville KKK/Fascist Leader Obama Supporter
What will you do to stop trump from ruining military careers of transgender members? #resist
Dems illogical anti science. Every cell codes gender. War is about fighting and not deviant sexuality. They don't belong as a destraction
Senator-please, please do your best to stop this madness. Government shutdown threats for a wall? Unbelievable. What next.
Build that walll!!!! Gooo Trump!
Trumps Shutting Down Government Won't Affect Trump&Family Thugs nor GOP Congressional Thugs  @POTUS @SpeakerRyan
Why don't you ask obummer why he sent $150,000,000 to the devil in Iran? What we could have done with OUR money. Libs are illogical
He is a disgrace to this country!  Remove him.
Gooooo Trump!!!!
Thanks for calling him out Senator Kaine!
Kaine is a poser catholic lying hypocrite
Impeach Trump!
Hahahaaa, Lol! What a bunch of cry babies. Get over it u lost election. Majority voting Americans put Trump office. He's not going anywhere.
Doesn't the winner of an election stop campaigning and get shit done?
When will you put American citizens ahead of foreign nationals who break our laws?
It will pay for itself ,or we can make Mexico pay .
Your not a border state
He promised us the wall and we want it! If you won't find it then government needs to go
why waste money on a wall when its needed for other programs
What was reckless is letting you and Hillary run for office
It's going to hurt MILLIONS people across the entire Country.
An ineffective wall he repeatedly promised would be paid for by another government.
No one needs the government shut it down completely
I swear I rennet something about Mexico!!  Full of shit
What is reckless is dead beat dumbass Dem obstructing American Progress just because they got butt hurt! Anti-Democracy!
Time for a revolution!
How can it be stopped?
He isn't shutting down anything. That is what bullies say when they don't get their way. Please resign
So you were ok with Barrack Obama sending billions to the largest sponsor of terror in the middle of the night?
But POTUS will be OK. That's all that matters.
As reckless as telling people you landed under sniper fire which was a proven lie?
As reckless as HRC blaming the deaths in Benghazi on an internet video?
As reckless as sending Iran a pallet of taxpayer cash in the middle of the night without congressional approval?
@Reuters
Hey timmy, quit criticizing potus and spend some time fathering your antifa son
Shut it down!
Democrats claim walls are ineffective but have them around their personal homes.  Funny how that works!!!
Step up fool. Run that mouth a little more. You need to try to talk like a American and not a sissy.
@realDonaldTrump campaigned on MEXICO PAYING for the wall.  Now he is threatening to shut down our government to force us to pay?  LIAR!
Maybe the senate should work to get a spending bill that 67 members can agree upon, and then @POTUS can't veto.
we don't need a wall surely don't think us the tax payer should have to pay for it
.We do not need a wall we just need 2000 worthless woodys to convert over and line up with their clubs.
I miss the old Tim Kaine.  A man of reason.
where was your outrage when Obama threatened to shut down the Government and National Parks?....and then did it.
Only a Democrat believes that the shutting down of a wasteful govt will cost us money.
Trump only cares about how he looks to his base.  He doesn't concern himself with the actual effects of his actions.  Ever. #Mueller
I guess you New World Order supporting politicians or should I say communists better get off your butts and get to building a wall then.
Absurd as ur white guilt?  Keep that racially driven rhetoric where it belongs, in the democratic party
Democrats are threatening to shut down if they don't get funding for the abortion factory, Planned parenthood. What's your point?
*sigh*
Oh yeah, I forgot Virginia is the U.S. in its entirety. Feel so sad for your scare approach. At least you're consistent.
Well it's not reckless or ineffective its a shut down due to corruption in governments
beyond reckless, it's sabotage and that means we aren't getting what we pay for when taxed. NOT OKAY 
Trump touts how much he has improved border why do we need this massive $$$ wall?
Thanks for all of your hard work in trying to keep 45 in check.
Of course trump is going to shut down MEXICO'S government..... Oh, wait?? American taxes will pay for dumps wall
You mean unlike the billions we have to spend on supporting undocumented aliens?
They already gave him 1.6bn to start his shit wall... they shouldn't act like they aren't helping him.
Can you invoke the 25th amendment before the 1st amendment is shredded, and the 4th and 5th are ignored, and no. 2 rises to the fore?
Hey Timmy,  It is already shut down by "the likes of you".  Any skeletons in your closet?
He is reckless full stop.
Get rid of him! He's sick & scared of Russia Investigation #TrumpIsAgitated #WakeUpAndSmellTheBorscht
Democrats = AntiFa
Ignore him because he is once again lying to his gullible supporters
Can we have a vote on whether any US citizens actually want this wall built, and those who say yes can pay for it.
So sad
Please @timkaine @Reuters continue bipartisan efforts. It works & more imp, it drives #POTUS crazy. #bipartisanship
The government never really shuts down is just a scare tactic.
Can you imagine what his wife must go thru with him? "Not tonight honey" takes on a whole new meaning
He doesn't care! When he doesn't get what he wants , he withholds , twists arms, or punishes in some weird way . We need NORMAL BADLY!!!
... what is it going to take to Impeach DT?
... How long is it going to take to Impeach DT?
.... Who is going to Impeach DT?
Hes willing to let elderly/disabled on fixed incomes be without their monthly checks. No food, etc over stupid wall.. He truly has no heart.
He simply doesn't care at all.
What else is new? Trump enjoys costing Americans tons of cash. Trump is like living off of welfare of America. And I'm sure we will be
Paying big for his secret service, etc. Trump will bankrupt the USA just like his businesses
Why are pple freaking out. I'm pretty sure the powers of the POTUS are not extended to shutting down the Gov.
Congress may shut down the gov., if they are incompetent, but Trump? I don't think so. Baby hands needs to get a grip.
https://www.quora.com/How-can-Trump-default-the-US-national-debt … this would shut down the government
Reckless is letting your son attend rallies.
I bet GOP is done with Trump who's a liability for them in 2018.They might impeach if Mueller  finds criminality. Shut down is last straw
Tim. You're talking to folks who only need $300 to get the husband out of jail on meth charges.  It's useless bud!
GO CRAWL BACK IN THAT SNAKE HOLE W/ UR BFF HILLARY~
Shut down Mexico's government? I mean, he DID promise America that it will be Mexico paying for it... ooooohhhhhh
Im pretty sure this potus wouldnt tell his minions to make it hurt the little guy as much as possible. thats a dem thing.
POTUS is irrational & incapable of leading. @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan must work w/ Dems & end this administration in order to protect USA
Here's our solution my grandfather was a chinese immigrant who obtained his citizenship serving in the merchant marines during ww2 history
Y don't we just say hey u want citizenship prove it here's ur option learn the language learn the history of our great nation n if need be
Pay the ultimate price for the freedom they want n that the men n woman of our armed forces n ancestors paid so dearly for
How about a real budget discussion
Study shows illegal immigrants cost 54.5 billion per year. What's this, chicken feed? We need to close the border. @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
Mr Kaine you lost & most feel you a failed politician. You didn' stand up for middle class during vice run so you have lost credibility!
As much as he has cost taxpayers he could build the damn Wall his self.
45 is such as dushbag. #DumpTrump
The @GOP, @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr & @realDonaldTrump have proven 100% that they should NEVER be in US govt again. Never again.
#ImpeachTrump
I fully agree Tim! Makes zero sense. Nation in Dept.Back to war,tax breaks for richest,taking from sick and poor and a wall! It's stupid!!!!
Looking forward to Mueller report. Think it will show vote tampering & Clinton/Kaine will be in the WH. Wishful thinking?
Yes I think it is wishful but if you're going to dream, dream big!!
I can see it. If evidence shows cheating through collaboration with a foreign entity,then Trump and Pence could be disqualified. Meaning ..
Go Tim
Reckless is kind. @realDonaldTrump is one crazy impeachable piece of crazy that, like the solar eclipse, should only happen infrequently.
@Reuters Bullies make threats. Statesmen collaborate. #dialogue
He has no regard for that.
You are the peoples Vice President!! Thank you for standing up for what is right!
Holy cow! A liberal expressing concern about spending taxpayer money! #Dillweed #liar
Can he do this?  Seems illegal.
Republicans need to do something now!
He thinks the American people are striking union workers and he can shut us out. Only there aren't any scab workers for him to hire
It would hurt everyone in this country.
Liberty is never safer than when the federal leviathan is dormant.
By shit down he means for us cuz his amenities won't stop. He still gets to play golf on our dime.
Shut it down!  Big gov dem programs depend him not doing it.  Do it. Shut it down!
Shutdown the government by taking away ALL of Congress's salary and benefits until they give us a debt free nation.
So start #Impeachment already Tim. Y'all keep talking about Trumps crazy Crap & you really have done anything yet. #ImpeachTrump
Maybe if U did your job in the senate U would help make America great again Dems are causing all the turmoil
The ONLY way Trump knows to get things done is to bully others, so much for his great negotiating skills. Winning Biggly.
The wall is the least of our problems! I'm scared it will look like the entrance to the Trump Casino and that's what he is concerned with!
Can he say #MEXICO?
RECKLESS
And you all continue to allow his recklessness to continue, if you ask me you all are part of the problem as well 
Isn't it time to stop him? #resist
Obama did the same thing....oh that's right you have a terrible memory.
Money for a wall when millions have no homes? HUD has 2-3 year wait list. No one is acting on nationwide housing crisis lo income but ..Wall
I seem to remember libs pulling the same shit not that long ago.... but that was different, right? 
He's a douche. He doesn't care. GOP brought this on.
Impeachment
So is McConnell tRump's Goering, Von Ribbentrop or Bormann?
Well.  You guys get in there and do something.  We can't protest every day of the week.
Easier to take over the country if you control the purse strings & that is what he wants.
What hurts Va. is a Senator who used to be a normal person but has now turned into a mouthpiece for radical leftist. Virginia deserves more.
Didn't he promise Mexico would pay for it? Now he'd shut down our govt to force us to pay for it? And he still has the support of some ppl?!
DEMOCRAPS = ENEMY OF THE UNITED STATES
Tot he said Mexico will pay for it. Pathological liar. Nobody holds him to anything again. Terrible model to our children.
You need to stop him. Do something
Can the Senate impeach him before America is destroyed. What the heck are they waiting for a nuclear war. God help us!!
Any member of the @GOP that still supports him is against Americans
We need an adult in the White House not a child who lies, cheats and steals.  The people in our great country deserve better than Trump
Trump's role model?
tell that to your buddy. Chuck he among many voted for it a few years ago
He spent his wall money or personal travel. Try a staycation at Camp David. Better yet go to your room. #NoWalls
My respect back & concerned in Michigan. Is it possible to convene w @SenStabenow & @SenGaryPeters open topic on 25th Amendment?
#25thAmendmentNow
Thank you @timkaine my #commonwealth
remember when Tim Kaine shut down Virginia in 2009? #liberal #hypocrite
"Reckless" is generous. Trump is more interested in his flimsy ego than American families. He does not understand tricameral government.
Impeach & Remove @POTUS
you didn't seem to have a problem when Obama shut down govt. remember YOU shut down all the rest stops & parks on Virginia Highways when gov
More Virginians will be killed by the terrorists, MS13, Mexican drugs & illegal aliens.
25th Amendment, Section 4
Agreed. Studies show the wall is a waste of money. Trump's willing to waste taxpayer money to placate his uninformed base.
Well, he is reckless & ruining our great country!
How's your son doing Timmy?
it cost taxpayers hundreds of  billions to support illegals . Enforce our laws!
Only ok to shut down over leftist issues, I guess.
Lmao like you actually even care about people
Send the bill for the wall to Ann Coulter
.Yeah, but MEXICO is going to PAY for it!
The wall has repeatedly been shown to save more than it costs in blocking ILLEGAL immigrants.  And it was a major reason he beat you and H.
Wrong again ..
No problem you've cost us for yrs with unaccountability of missing Billions. 8yrs cost us double T's$ 43 Potuses combined. Wall is worth it
He must be removed immediately
Don't let his insanity distract or deflect. Focus on whatever will get him out of office, singularly. Stop the damage, ignore his day to day
Isn't this the same wall Trump said we would not pay for?  He keeps claiming borders are much more secure now, so why is it needed?
@ijustbtweeting @Reuters  let him shut it down and see where that gets him he cannot bully everyone
They mostly are digging tunnels down here any way.
