250 of my Apple coworkers are #Dreamers. I stand with them. They deserve our respect as equals and a solution rooted in American values.
Dummy 

Tell your congressmen to fix the problem and stop demagoguery of @realDonaldTrump . he came to see a problem and trying to solve it.
Let Congress get to work. It's their job
Woven into our prisons, low student test scores and social spending.  What did our little European colony do without them for 250 YR? Thrive
DACA rallies are 25 year old Mexicans burning American flags.  What dream is that?
I'm living legally abroad. If my paperwork weren't in order I'd be fines and kicked out on my butt. These kids' parents are to blame.
Or its 250 jobs for our jobless Americans.  Why is OK to take care of illegals before our own.  How is that ok?
Some among those Dreamers r racists,fascists. They r hypocrites as they wish Fascism to others in other nations but not themselves  in USA.
Time for Congress to do its job: pass the DREAM ACT and name it after Alonzo Guillen.
Ex-'Dreamer' (before the term was cool) in my family. They're Americans. GOP/ racists need to stop messing with their lives for sport.
Individuals have souls, not countries. Nice melodrama, though.
Trump is trying to distract us, again. Something else like Mueller finally arresting him on Tuesday.

Read it before. Just thinks it's BIGGER than just Russia. WAY bigger.
At my next promo, uh, I mean rally, I will be wearing a Tshirt (retail $40) that reads "I don't know CACA about DACA" with Trump logo.
Available in most sizes, colors are red, white and blue. #MAGA
U clearly don't understand:DACA was an unconstitutional act; allowed parasites into the country who now displace OUR kids from college seats
Unemployed American citizens are "dreaming" of getting jobs occupied by illegals.
Still not feeling enriched 
I'm not feeling that enriched 
If she hates white people that much, she should look forward to returning to her own country.
I stand with DACA
I stand with the Dreamers!!!!
boo freakity hoo! how about promoting a guest worker program instead of spewing this anti-Trump horseshit! Do it now, move!
Only if those dreamers are American Citizens.
Amen brother.
Like he gives a hoot
And open the job field for hundreds of thousands of American College Grads
#impeachthismoronicarse
@SenatorLeahy Let these people know
Again, Nick, you could use a bit more MLK?
Think instead of fulminate: depends how DACA "ends". As nullified paperwork or as new law FROM CONGRESS protecting dreamers?
He has no soul so it won't feel any different.
He's wasted no time ruining this country's soul. Ending #DACA and whatever other horrible things he'll do are just pissing on the remains.
That's total nonsense. Illegal aliens cost the U.S. hundreds-of-billions we never recover, subvert the law & rob citizens' voting rights.
But you know Nic that no one can stop somebody's dreams, so, what are you talking about here ???
2011 Immigration policy says churches, schools & hospitals as "sensitive places" where enforcement actions should be limited. #startachurch
Dear Mr Cook & Kristof, Trump & most GOP live only to reverse everything Obama did.  If Obama saved the turkey, Trump wrung the bird's neck.
Reagan loved dreamers:  http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/ws/?pid=44128 
Reps will reject devious divider travesty "president" Donald to get replaced w/ a widely endorsed win-win Rep-president (like Romney).
But tomorrow he'll become "president again" when he throws a bomb in Afghanistan?
You misspelled "illegal aliens"
Really?! Did they hire you to write their brochure?

Not sure why it is so hard for Democrats to understand that we have a LEGAL process for people entering the United States. #DACA
DACA is a pathway for criminals to become citizens end of story! So bend over & kiss your own ass!
The fabric of our society is the middle class doofus...give me a break

Illegal immigration costs U.S. taxpayers $113 billion/yr. 
Average cost per taxpayer household $1,117. 
#BuildTheWall #ThursdayThoughts 
Waa. We're a sovereign nation. About time we acted like it. Want a better life? Be like us! Stop dissing capitalism and embrace it!
I have done stories on many #DACA recepients. They all feel lucky and grateful to have these chances. They deserve what they work for
@tim_cook hope you can get business leaders to finally speak up against Trump's iidees fixes, starting with young adults brought as kids
Trump has already ripped the fabric and damaged our soukd
While Mueller operates at glacial speed. See pinned tweet.
Am so Over Mueller.
or they can enrich their homeland, mexico should be grateful then to take them back
How about we banish all US born children of Smith and Jones heritage to Romania in order to enrich that homeland. It's the same thing!
The law is the law is the law. They can come back.
I don't know anyone who isn't a dreamer, including the ppl of Haiti, Honduras, & the ppl Obama killed during his 7-nation bombing spree.
Do, shut up. You won't, because you have a belief. So, here's a block. Spread your hate and lies through that. 
This is not to you Nick...but to LuciHoneyChurch, whom I have blocked.
Economic impact should be more transparent to him. Political to be sure
Do you really believe that in a country of 325 million, the the fate of the "Dreamers" is going to have a tangible impact on the economy?
What do you think has been occurring for the past eight months? Damages to US did not begin this weekend unless you exist in a bubble or NYT
Trump's inhumanity is bottomless.
I hate to break it to you. In his short time in office, he has ripped the fabric. Impeachment and plenty of mending is needed.
Guess we need to fulfill the wishes of 250 people...b/c apple said so
We must all stand with them. March til our feet bleed, and raise our voices in unison. Basta! Enough is Enough!!
#TrumpTowerMoscow #DefendDACA
ISTAND WITH DACA!!
Who's going to save us now that we're the bad guys?
Your newspaper participated in the wholesale destruction of Iraq and Libya. Where was the "soul" then? 
I think that's what he wants to do.
Our soul is already damaged beyond repair, Nick.
#DACA is unconstitutional, will get shredded in the courts.
Important information here. https://www.ilrc.org/what-do-i-need-know-if-daca-program-ends-august-28-2017 …
