We Veeps stick together. Jill and I, and all of the Bidens, are with you, Julia. 
Good luck with your treatment
Beautiful and hilarious you got this Julia. Seriously. This shits no fun but you keep a positive attitude and so it. #cancersurvivor #
Stay strong and know so many love you

And I want to be JLD.
#crookedhillary
Prayers for a swft & complete remission and healing! 
Beyond the veeps, the whole country sends love. Forget the country, the whole world sends love. You also have an angel on your shoulder
Julia
God bless your Joe, i'm a veteran dying of liver cancer, for the sake of my kids, and grandkids, i would like to see Trump convicted before
It's not going to happen so RIP
"World Peace/Remix" song by Zelda Dashiell
Love the diversity in the world!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAdg-NbkQ1c …
Positive thoughts and prayers to you Julia! 
I love this. And you JLD.
All the way. Keep your chin and your books up
Sending move love out to you Julia. Joe Biden, you are a class act! 
All the best!!
You've got this.
LOVE THE BIDENS..& JULIA .VEEPS ROCK
Best pic I've seen all day. Be strong Julia and prayers coming your way!
Same here Julia!!! Well wishes from Tennessee! 
Julia for president, for real, 2020Love you so much.

Sister Warrior
Wishing you another victory and everything you need to move past your current ordeal. Peace and love.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to you!! I went thru this battle with my twin sister!! All the best!
JLD, best wishes as you fight this battle. My mom is fighting it right now.
This. 
#SistersInTheFight I am a 12 year Breast Cancer Survivor sending you light-love and energy
#mysister #gladyoumadeit #noordinarygirl # #
THIS IS WHAT AMERICA IS ALL ABOUT!
Y'all are amazing.
You got this girl!  
Hope you have a swift recovery!
Love you Julia. 
We are here for you!
This makes me wanna cry.

All I can say is Gary young. Gary young. Contact him. Please. All is well In Your world.
Two of my favorite Veeps! You have all of us right with you very step of the way. Keep your eye on the goal. #46 2020 
3 years since my breast cancer diagnosis & am going strong. As hard as it is for us women, ask for help. A burden shared is halved. 
Best of luck Julia .Thanks for sharing something so personal it it will help others
Thinking of you!
Two of the coolest VEEPs ever 
Sending thoughts and prayers to you. Xo
We love you all. My thoughts and my prayers to you Julia.We're wishing you well. 
Sending prayers and healing 
I want to say the most wonderful thing. I want to yield the verve and art of 1000 poets and be incredible, for you. But I am just me. A fan
We are Wishing you All the Best.
And that one in eight woman was the same for me so we need to keep Brest cancer in the forefront!!!! Damn Cancer!!!!!Keep fighting friend!!!
You're now a part of a great Bosom Buddy Club! You will be in our prayers. 23yrs later I'm still raising hell!! We know where you're going.
Praying for you and wishing you the best.  Kick cancer's butt!
Praying for you Julia!
Prayers and best wishes in ur fight.
God Bless and be well soon
Thinking of you and hoping you have a quick recovery!
I absolutely adore Biden family, & who does not love Julia. Such wonderful people. U got this girl! And u got good peeps (veeps) around. 
Someone I went through same thing my best wishes to you
Praying for you!!!
Kudos to Dreyfus for pushing for universal health care. Canada has that place additional coverage plans through employers .

So poignant
Praying for you. You bring so much joy, and laughter to us with your talent, and you will continue to. Fight like hell JLD! We  you JLD!
My best tip for cancer, from when I beat Lymphoma is to meditate on "breathe love" in and out. ALL THE LOVE IN THIS WORLD. You deserve it. 
A traveling African missionary taught me to do it when I was refusing treatment. It helped me sleep and focus and feel love and respond to treatment.
Wish u all the strength in your fight. Also wishing everyone fighting to beat cancer strength in their fight to defeat it too.
Conservatives are cheering for you too Julia!  All the best to you
Stay strong!
You've got this! As someone who who was just diagnosed with ovarian cancer, my advice? Take names. Kick ass. Fight. Eat all the ice cream 
2020 we'll be GLAD to back Joe again. Hint hint!
get well....
I'm not a Veep but I'm a 20-yr survivor and YOU will be one too! I for all of us and for a cure and/or prevention one day soon. 
Many prayers coming your way!
That's it. I've had enough.

We should be investing "taxpayers' money" in research to cure ALL the various forms of cancer.

It's time.
Love and prayers to both VEEPS
Love you @OfficialJLD
Best wishes for Julia.
God bless you Julia 

Julia-you will prevail. I was diagnosed April 6 and have completed all treatment other than five years of hormone blockers. I wish you a gentle recovery.

Stay Strong and Carry On! 

Thoughts and prayers goes out to you! 
Prayers being sent you got this! 
Stay strong .. we know you will kick cancers butt.
We all send our prayers to Julia. Know Bidens will be with her every step as Majority Americans. Unselfish of Julia 2 be concerned 4 others
We love and are praying for you JLD! You got this!  Luck some BC ass!!! 
That´s sheer class!
Always felt that you are a decent lady. Strength to you. Support and good wishes to you for the future x
YES CAPTION!  My man @JoeBiden! Loved being in his company as Wells's Sen Kerry during the Democratic Con in Charlotte!

Love this photo!
Please, please, please run in 2020.
@PSkipperEL & @OfficialJLD disgusting that you like creepy Biden. Are you serious???
Gjgghncnvxbgcjgdcgstop doing this stop texting me please
I really hope you beat this. Thanks for sticking up for all the other women out there who are fighting this.
We need American proof to Kurdistan Indepndece
Prayers and love to you.It's past time for cancer to go.
You know what to do: Kick its ass, ma'am. You're the Queen of your f'ing Castle.
My sweet daughter in law beat it!  So can you!
Julia is a champ and she will beat this as millions of women have.
I am so sorry about this disruption in your life. But you're gonna kick the ever lovin shit out this pathetic asshole of a disease. FIGHTER!
This is so touching you two.My heart is about to explode. Prayers for you@OfficialJLD
I smiled when I saw this. I saw “Elaine" & “J Biddie". Lol. (New nickname)
recent cancer survivor (HPV-pos tonsil cancer). U can conquer this! Good 2 know U have lots of support. #kickcancer #heathinsuranceisaRIGHT
#kickcancersass
You are in my thoughts and prayers.
Stay strong.
Hugs

We love you too. You rock!!!!!!
Beautiful with u
Biden's  really icky!
I love the Biden's and Julia sooo much. They are our better angles.
From an almost eight year survivor, I'm praying for you and your "co-survivors." You got this!!! 
Sending love to you JLD  !!!  We love  you in Brazil  !!!!
Sending you all my best wishes Julia, feel the love.  I know it must be a scary time for you, just know many,many people are sending you luv
I'm a big fan. Godspeed, Julia. #VEEP
I, for one, miss Joe Biden terribly. And he rides Amtrak.
You’ve brought us so much laughter and joy throughout the years; and you have MANY MANY MORE to come- until you’re a crotchety old woman.  
Thinking of YOU Julia. Your country needs you! Xoxo #Veep
Sending all kinds of love to @OfficialJLD !!
I feel like we never really appreciated how dope this the homie Biden was
Don’t know how good it is till it’s gone
awww....we miss you @joeBiden!
Ditto Julia!
Joe, you always know the right thing to say- THANK YOU.
Two VIPs who should be running the country! #officialJLD #joe Biden #veep
We love you Joe and Julia.  Shabbat Shalom
Class Act VP Biden! Julia, sending you much strength and love!
Best  of luck Julia on your  treatment you can  beat it stay strong were in it  with you much love  batgirl
Babygirl
We love you @OfficialJLD julia!!
Wishing you all the love and best of health.
Any donation can help me see my doctor thank you
You've got this @OfficialJLD !
This nurse in Dover Delaware who loves your every role will be in our prayers. Wishing you a Blessed Day and a speedy recovery
Joe for 2020
Something in my eye...
RT
I'm praying for you Julia Louis-Dreyfus!
You are not a veep Biden you are a creep!
Best wishes for your health. Be strong.
Wishing you Love, Hope and Strength, JLD!
@StarTalkRadio triple 444 heartsigns with eternal eight & forever endeavor love and support for our PrimeMover Illuminator Julia
My heart 
Love this

Love you .@OfficialJLD #FightLikeAGirl 
Our daughter is a survivor. You will be too.
Sending lots of love and light your way @OfficialJLD  

God bless you our prayers are with you thank you for supporting universal care for all it is a right long denied us
With u too Julia! U will beat this thing!
Classy man, he is missed!
I beat it 4 years ago! My was the most aggressive. Surgery chemo radiation. You can do it! Many with you! Prayers & love to you! 
BIG ASSED PHARMA IS KILLING US $$$$$$$$$$$$$$. Between oh honey you must have hormones for youth & flashes to oh! Pain HERE OPIOIDS!
EVERY friend who has done HRT hormones therapy got a form of cancer!  WE ARE BEING LIED TO ! Make us feel we need a DRUG to fight nature!
@perlmutations @JoeBiden ♡♡♡♡
I love you two. Beautiful hearts and minds.
l<3 you #JLD
Can we see THIS tv show?
We're all rooting for you.  Fight hard, get better.  #cancersucks
You got this. We're all behind you  kick Cancer's ass!
"These leftists...are making me thirsty!"
Wish you good health, love your personality, you're the best 
It takes an extremely woman to be a VEEP; it takes an even stronger woman to join the sisterhood of SURVIVORS

@vwoods515
 B
Pray you get well. Julia.
God bless both of you

You're in my thoughts and prayers, Julia. Stay strong.
Julia.... lets do dinner autograph my book send it to me with the location... dm me for my address RS
Stay strong, Julia! We love you! 
Classy
Thank you for sharing!  You are a survivor!
Yup
Wishing you well
As a 2x BC conquerer I thank you for your public appeal for universal health car. The best to you! 
Best of luck to you! X
JLD, we got you Sis!
