When he lies, stammering Jeff Sessions has has a "tell."  Watch entire video below very carefully. Can you see it?
I swear his ears wiggle also!
Every lie hesitating n staged “you hurt me” makes me angry that kkk Nazi drive people are in power now  What can we do to help ?
Why did he lie under oath the last time. He doesn't believe that the law applies to him.
“In Senator Leahy’s words”
@CarrieSweet2017 My bullshit detector is flashing & clanging. Suggest we set the weasel traps as soon as possible.

This requires further investigation.
PERJURY PLAIN AND SIMPLE

forget hell...there's a place in gitmo for this subversive....
He has lied repeatedly - to Congress - why should anyone believe him now?
His act doesn't fool me, anyone who would have Miller as an assistant is damn evil
Why are you tweeting about Russian Collusion? This has nothing to do with civil liberties and aren't you supposed to be nonpartisan?
The trustworthiness of the AG of USA is important for our civil liberties to be protected. Can't trust him to uphold laws if he breaks them.
With that logic, you can extrapolate anything an elected official does as a potential future threat to civil Liberties
True, anything illegal. Elected officials can't lie, violate the law and still remain true to any principle, including civil rights.
Fine, lying is bad. BUT the ACLU is not and should not be a politifact truth-o-meter but a watchdog of civil rights/ liberties. (1/2)
Not just anyone lying. AG sets policies/priorities for DOJ that DO affect liberties. A Senator doesn't even have that power.
He looks like a 2 year old who just got caught with his hand in the cookie jar.
Or granny ...
This administration is full of lies. Honestly it is Very sad.
Sessions NEEDS TO GO!!!!
Could he not just retire and go back to Alabama and be with his family. And keep his ignorance to Alabama vs Auburn football?
Maybe he meant they weren't cuddling.
#lyingsessions
Never in history have so many people in the admin. & white house lied about treasonous activity. They're all guilty of collusion with Russia
On today's edition of Truth or Perjury!
Lying little racist weasel
#LockHimUp
Like you guys don’t know? Sanctions, what else!!
Is the the legal term for this “conspiring”?
Why won't Congress do anything about this admin? They lie, cheat, and demean the integrity of this nation.
Maybe it's time to impeach Sessions. He's lying to Congress and the American people
Oh hell, impeach them all.  We, the people, deserve a government that doesn't constantly lie to us.
Any1 that spoke w Soviets B 4 During Or After the campaign should be put on Administrative Leave & have Security Access revolked/Like TODAY
he killed it today.
He is so sketchy today! Looks like someone who is hiding something!
Best summary I have of the tyrant's regime: "Its a consistent pattern of behavior" ...Despicable behavior
I'm sure happy everyone has waited so patiently...
 because it's now Mueller Time....
Sessions, Flynn, Nunes, Burr all installed or brought into campaign as a safety net to block if they were caught
The Klu Klux Kabinet!
This is a bit disingenuous on your part. You know as well as I do every Senator and senior Government official on the Hill meets with Foreign representatives. All The TIMe.
He lied under oath in his confirmation of AG when he said he did not have contact the Russians. Clear perjury, he lied to get the job of AG!
@SenatorLeahy 
A-hole, take some responsibility.
Lyin’ Leprechaun!
To cover up a crime is the reason

He is nothing but a little twerp!!
Fire his ass he doesn't want to answer any questions or he's changing his answer to fit his purpose. It's not fit for this job.
All around the chicken coup(Russia) 
The sharp clawed possum (Mueller) 
chased the weasel (Sessions)
& Pop( perjury) goes the weasel!
@SenatorLeahy ill-spoken @POTUS appointed an ill-spoken AG @jeffsessions Unimpressive, squirmy little man #TrumpRussia #defendDACA
They discussed lifting sanctions, which Sessions deems not campaign-related. After campaign notified in Aug of Russian election interference
He was just discussing how much $ he'll get when he lifts sanctions. Nothing to see here.
Don't you believe it Sen. Leahy. ;)
Hillary HAS taken $145 million in bribes from Russia (for real) and the media is still defending her, and creating distractions with Trump and AG Sessions.

Where is your outrage on Clinton COLLUSION with Russia, American Crazy Leftist Union?

http://thehill.com/policy/national-security/355749-fbi-uncovered-russian-bribery-plot-before-obama-administration …

(Sessions)
Sessions is a FNG liar. He knows it and so does this committee. He is a crybaby and should be thrown out!
Sessions : #LiddelLyin'Bigot
Get your FACTS STRAIGHT! you weren't working overtime under Obama's tenure,let everything slide. Opportunistic organization should b shut 
Wasn't he a senator in 2016?
Let's talk about Clintons collusion with Russia profiteering from uranium sales
Let’s talk about Clinton’s Treason
Sessions is a lying racist rat.
Yes! Why indeed 
I wasn't colluding... I just ask if they could help us win the election 
They were conspiring - totally different 
If you didn't do anything wrong, then why have you been keeping secrets, Jeff??
Wait what? Sessions said that? Well that does it, investigation over
Since twitter fails with no sarcasm option, we all should make your meme a default to use. Love it!
Yes, lets discuss Russia...
His story changes too much. How can he be trusted to hold AG office?

Yoga and grandkids.
I’ll be so glad when this EVIL ADMINISTRATION is over! It’s a daily NIGHTMARE!
I want to see Sessions support the decriminalization of #marijuana/#cannabis

#mmj #mmot
Lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol
I love how the ACLU seemingly is defending the prior government's FISA spying on US citizens.
Well of course he is you didn't expect him to tell the TRUTH did you?
hey @jeffsessions what are you hiding, you racist keebler elf?
@jeffsessions you lied about any meetings happening - why did you conceal this ? Why should we believe you now after lying under oath?
Two thang says look and learn this is what happens when we make man Lord over I'll lives" executive privileges.

NOW that's a Bright Idea!
It's not up to him to admit to colluding.

Maybe they discussed the bribes to Hillary Clinton and the sale of Uranium One.
@SenatorLeahy skillfully demonstrated that #sessions has been giving false testimony. And will continue to absent bipartisan pressure.
I was just a little bit pregnant
They discussed "...cookies...delicious cookies made in a tree..."
Lol
How about these apples? http://nypost.com/2017/10/17/team-obamas-stunning-coverup-of-russian-crimes/ … I give $$ to you but come on!
He didn't cover up shit. Notified McConnell and Congress as soon as he became aware of it. GOP COVER-UP immediately!
NYP applesauce!
“Conceal?”...he lied to Congress under oath
Sure did.
