1/ Melania & Ivanka are both damaging women's issues so long as they both remain quiet about the truth. No way a man as verbally abusive as
2/ Trump is to strangers & co-workers is a peach to family. Abusive ppl are abusive at home first.
True, we've heard about his screaming & humiliation he subjects people to
https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-mysteries-love/201503/15-common-forms-verbal-abuse-in-relationships?amp …
I Don't believe Melania is stupid which leaves only one option she's being held against her will by the biggest clown in NY 

More BS from another trump bimbo! Sugar daddy trump is exempt! @FLOTUS
She is irrelevant, please no publicity for her
Guess she is, POTURD doesn't even know when she is standing beside him.
Is this “do unto others”? @FLOTUS
"No child should ever feel hungry, stalked, frightened, terrorized, "bullied" or afraid with nowhere to turn
No need to worry, Obama's IRS goons are gone. American citizens are safe now.

She can say it to the world....but not her own husband.  Divorce him Melanie !
For everything it seems.
Please ask Melania to tell Donald Trump first
She's in it for the money

Melania is married to one of the worst bullies on earth there are no exemptions
@Flotus is s damn hypocrite!
You mean Obama shouldn't have been so condescending to people who disagreed with him? Or saying "I have a pen and a phone" is nonpartisan?
Yes there is! Just ask the  Clintons & Obamas. Politics is a rough blood sport! Not for the weak kneed and faint of heart. Trump is THE MAN!
She needs to start with her husband.
Bully for her.
I suspect she is verbally abused on a regular basis.
Being President is chock full of exemptions & severely lacking in accountability. To call it a farce=gross understatement. Much like~Lady...
Can you spell HYPOCRITE
Must be her way of repenting for HIS sins
And yet you're married to the 'Bully in Chief'.
Apparently
tell ur hubby gold digger illeagle
So...she condemns that man who keeps getting his hand slapped for trying to hold her hand. Cool.
She is hysterically funny. Does she have a clue that she is married to the biggest bully on earth? Her speech means nothing, nothing at all.

Tone deafness as an art form
That was my thought - no one can demean or bully except  my husband @FLOTUS @realDonaldTrump
Melania comes off as a Stepford wife & robotic.I'd tell her to rid her own home of the "bully" before preaching if I thought she understood
Appears so...
The whole world knows what a farce this is. Staged like his rallies but before educated people who are not sycophants. We are jokes now.
MELANIA, SERIOUSLY WHAT THE FUCK ?
There appears to be a Donald T Rump exemption for ALL illegal, immoral, unethical, evil acts, at least the republicans act like it!
No brains just mush, condemning something her husband is the epitome of
so.......this is her bullying campaign???? she should start with the bully she is married to.
MSM should be looking into her citizenship!
Consider that she believes that only children bully. #MelaniaTrump

Nice try Melania but it comes off disingenuous when your married to a bully and say nothing about him or to him.
Mr. Trump is very, very special...none of societies rules apply to him.
Right?  Nobody is a bigger bully than her husband. Can she teach him some life lessons?
Not 4 beating you people's/@TheDemocrats' sick As 10X as hard, no!  #turnTwitterituptoeleven cc @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Maybe the speech is really about him.
Melania have u met your husband Donald, the BIGGEST BULLY EVER. Do me a favor and read your speech to him.
Is that photo showing her hand raised in a Nazi salute?
White Nationalism is alive and well at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave
Sad lot indeed
"Have you ever met your husband?" --  Steven Colbert
There is presidential exemption, Trump acts above all respect for the law and common decency, she'll  always be criticised married to him
Must be - she has no credibility to anyone willing to see reality.
Apparently.
seems so oblivious to irony
Speaking as a victim, she should know what she is talking about. Cry for help.
Is Melania drawing her RED line in SAND for Trump? With all the golf he plays...can he dodge his wife's cyber bullying  BUNKER!
I'm sorry, is she talking about herself. I mean, she's married to the biggest bully I've ever seen.
Talk to Donald! How can you stand &talk about bullying when you enable the worst bully in the world & are, perhaps a victim yourself?
Maybe Melania should look at the tape again when her husband was hitting a golf that hit Hillary She's a JOKE
Melania's speech meant nothing. How dare she spoke about bullying when her husband is the number one Bully.
I find it disturbing that Melania talks about bullying when Trump is the number 1 bully not only towards women but others
(2)well okay bìtch? @FLOTUS  as many dîcks as you've  had shoved in you--you should speak English much better!
The hypocrisy- the sheer hypocrisy of these idiotic people is beyond astounding & @FLOTUS  you can't  speak English
Apparently only for Obama
Donald Trump's entire presidency is founded on his bullying tactics,
Or A cry for "HELP" perhaps?
I just don't understand how good moral people voted for a Liar, Sexual predator, fraud, cheat (cheated on 3 wives) & Incompetent person.
Nope @POTUS @FLOTUS @VP @ WhiteHouse ALL get to do whatever they like. HEY Melania, YOUR husband is the WORST CYBER BULLY !!!!
Irony's funeral arrangements underway. RT if you'd like an invitation.
You would think she would be Embarrassed by the fact her Husband is the biggest Bully of them all, what Joke, she is a loser like Trump!
A presidential "pardon"
The FLOTUS is giving the POTUS the Presidential Wife's Pardon.
Easy there handsome
Hahahah.... tell us about the Chicago way David.
Was she perhaps directing her comments to her husband, who only hears things he sees on TV?
Trump pattern!
@FLOTUS how could you talk about bullying. He will punch unprovoked. He's an epic bully.
Simple fact she is a trophy wife. It is just to difficult to take her stand on bulling when she is married to trump.
Seriously!
He's declaring executive privilege.
Anyone asking for that "little press conference" trump promised that Melanie will prove she illegally worked in USA?
@FLOTUS has heard the POTUS has a #bully pulpit so ...
Please check your grandfather 
Too bad he didn't mock the disability. So blind. He mocks everyone like that l. 
Melania and Ivanka are supposed to be the voice for women and children.  Their are neither.  They are actually making it worse.
Hypocrisy : pathetic
I wanted to, but couldn't take, 'moral clarity' and need to be role models for children.
For EVERYTHING it seems...
she should be deported. has never actually had a real job, being an escort doesn't count.
Jealous!!!!!!!

Presidential pardon 
no one would care what she says about anything
She only has to look at her so called husband to see who is a bully
"We r the example" who is she FN kidding! They don't represent anything I stand 4; MORALS ETHICS VALUES EMPATHY LOVE PEACE. She's SICK!
husband who bullies her gets the exemption cuz she'll have to pay at home

Ironic, oblivious, or offensive?
What a joke.
Until she explains her marriage to bully in chief, she has no credibility. But she wears it well, especially when she is threatening to sue.
Does Melania know what bullying means - perhaps she's confused
It just was tragic.
More like a "pardon," David
Obviously.
Maybe she pardoned him.
This WH is like the blind leading the blind. He's a fake POTUS, has no idea abt anything, he's fake flotus, has no idea abt bullying. Oh vey
She's a fake flotus. I hate this keyboard. So sorry.
Democrats are SORE LOSERS

They are acting worse than spoil killed

I'm glad shady Hillary Clinton lost
Trump- the biggest bully in America
Apparently.
Sorry but she's nuts!  Mr. Mueller please hurry. We're just waiting for a real "Breaking News" and we can't wait anymore.
Aww poor little democrats are feeling hurt and bullied??? To freaking bad...

It's the Twilight Zone.  Is she passively aggressively trying to throw him under the bus?
She's either more smart or more stupid than we thought.  This is bizarro.
why y'all so jealous?? it is getting ridic Just look in ur own mirror
Our Great @FLOTUS is Beautiful and Classy so get over it
America Loves
She's prob just thanking God Ivanka bangs him so she won't have to
She’s a fool
Like anyone gives a shit what the "First Hooker" thinks...
Yea, this makes no sense. Too ironic and no clue what to make of it. Is she trying to stand up to him? Is there a strategy here? Ridiculous
Ha ha ha... that's what it looks like 
Great message, absurd messenger.
Idk axe i'm just here clinging to my gun and religion...
I swear @FLOTUS takes quaaludes to survive living with that horrid man.
omg
Start with your husband. He's the biggest bully of all!
Do these people live in separate worlds?  Melania's husband is a classless bully. He is a terrible example for our children.
Advocate, persuade thyself. Condemnation of bullying really should start at home, @FLOTUS.
It’s a not so subtle cry for help.
OMG
SOCIOPATHS sound reasonable .. #Trump steals headlines people like FOR positive press.. LYING @POTUS don't be FOOLED
Melania is obviously as big a hypocrite as her dumb husband, being married to the biggest bully we've ever seen. What a joke. Check mirror!
She need to have this talk with her old dryed up fart of a husband.
Must be buried in one of his 7,000 executive orders
Are her secret service agents allowed to protect her from Donny when he's pissed, or is it his SS vs hers? Steel cage match style?

Trump probably bullied her into making the speech.
Says the wife of The bully in chief
Is she so dumb that she doesn't realize her husband is the biggest bully in America right now. She would have to be blind, deaf & dumb.
As her Idiotstick husband bullies the Shit out of Everyone including her! As I Fell into the Twilight Zone 
Maybe Melania contradicts reality to avoid truth. Her spouse is a bully.
She's on autopilot and totally clueless.
@FLOTUS  Please look at your Husband before you proceed with your Campaign. You are already being ridiculed. Your Husband his Sons = Bullies
After yesterday? The world looked on with total dismay.
OMG.. Is she dillusional?How embarrassing.  A speech decrying bullies when her husband personifies every thing she's saying she is against!
The irony burns
She should stick to Michelle's speeches.
Perfect !
"When you have a smoker in house, you cannot go around telling ppl that smoking is bad for health". The irony of this speech is evident.
Evidently there is
Why was she anywhere near a microphone?
Apparently there was for your former (perhaps current) boss, Obama.
Does FLOTUS have the power of Pardon?
Looks that way!
Whaoooo is she for real


The irony. How do you do this , @FLOTUS ? How?
I told Melania that i thought it was ironic that she was talking about cyber bullying when she can't even stop her husband from doing it!
Do we want our kids watching a grown man hit a women with a golf ball?
She really talks thru Google translate
Is Melania familiar w the "lightening strike" practice that happens when you say outrageous things like this? Must be an American custom 
What is your iq? "Start your speech at home!" #45 is a bad example for Byron! Let alone our youth!
Again, @FLOTUS Your words will fall on deaf ears as long as your bullying husband continues the way HE does.
Bizarre Trump family, their minds are totally corrupted.
Great Question.
 keep sobbing snowflake 
How is this possible when she is married to the biggest bully of all time?
Irony
Is Melania a comedian!
Questions abound whether these are her words based on her thoughts or is she just a talking head?
you were quoted by @mashable
Not surprised! After all her comment on the access Hollywood tapes was “boys will be boys”.
There certainly is for losing Presidential candidates !!
Maybe she tells him every day, but he's incorrigible.
I don't see a bully;)
Apparently so....
##Melania is married to a bully so who is she kidding!!
Melania doesn't have to look far to see the biggest bully of them all, yes, the puffy orange does score a really big bully number.
Not sure if I should laugh or cry from the hypocrisy of her speech when her husband violates every bullying rule in existence! #Idon'tgetit
Bum
Clearly.  For a lot of stuff
Clueless. Do you think she actually believes the crap that comes out of her mouth.
Out of tune, out of touch and has no understanding of his behavior. Guess that's y he married her
this is so freaking absurd
He pardoned himself so it's ok
