real women went to work!
real humans are compassionate. You're so called "real women" don't seem to be.
Stop the Madness - Replace slur with respectful dialogue.
He/She was rude and disrespectful towards other women, implying that they weren't "real." Check urself.
If the word "real" offended you....well Bless Your Heart!
thanks! Cause it was offensive. Have a good day mate
Spoken like a true Liberal Snowflake
you lack the decency to be respectful towards others. That's a fact. And yea I'm a liberal so what?
Wearing red, and telling all the people who look down on me that neither age, gender or sexuality matters. We are all equal 
12 actually, but good guess. 
another pervert just like potus? shouldn't you be watching videos on pizzagate?
we all should wear red for #international WomansDay. Thank you Ellen for all that you do. I tell my grandchildren be kind
As a wife, mother, citizen & extraordinary Nurse, I don't need a designated 'Day' to validate my worth. I'm priceless everyday
Stop encouraging women to cave into victimhood. You didn't achieve your own success by staying home.

@TheEllenShow
I'm supporting by going 2 work. Thats reality. going to march  or protest is a waste time & energy. have 2 to support family
plus I'm thankful as a women to have a job.
Don't be thankful to have a job "as a woman". You worked hard to get where you are. You are equal to men. 
at the hospital with my 87 yr old grandma and we're both in red
Then you should be happy your female nurses opted to WORK instead of playing sick and taking the day off.
most of the nurses are in red scrubs.  The point was to show support if you couldn't take off.  I'm also a nurse
I got a red tip in support for #womensday #daywithoutawoman wanna see  hahaha #WomenAreCryBabies
obviously you can't get a woman maybe try leaving your momma's basement
aww butthurt & attempted to make a come back haha take the year off & come back when u got something more original #SoLame
Lucille Ball reminds me so much of my mother. The red hair, the personality. Then she left us all for a sick and stupid man!
I had to go to work, but I was proud to wear red alongside some of my fellow co-workers!
I do every time I go to work. Take care of myself.No one supports me but myself.
AND HAVE SOME VITAMIX (GERITOL), TOO. LOL.
Yes out there doing Soros funded work What a joke
working at Target always in red!!
Ummm working because we women do that too!
Definitely. @womensmarch
This little superhero at #Oakland rally for #IWD2017  is ready to take on anything/everything in her path. #GirlPower
I wore red
Hello

I would love it if you took a moment to check out my GoFundMe campaign:

//www.gofundme.com/help-for-homeless-mom?pc
Red undies had to suffice! Spa dress code. I celebrated women by kicking dust at work and pampering women of the beautiful NW!
I wore my nasty woman sweatshirt!!
my hair has been died red, and is due again tomorrow.  I work with some amazing women at the Battle Creek VA, thankful
I know you mean well but this was organized by an actual convicted terrorist
#ThursdayThoughts @TheEllenShow how do women get a day or a month? Fuck #womensday #WomensHistoryMonth #InternationalWomensDay #its all #BS
dont have cable so cant watch or i would love your show when i did have it
you Better went to work... dont miss Making a show.. lol
My partner a HS Teacher of course had her red on! btw she can't stand B Devos...  GAK
no I would never support stupidity I went to work to help the country
everything these women are doing. Great job.
and the women placing that strain on other women by furcing them to find child care or being left to do more work goes against
if you're not paid by ep or paid salary, you know you work to get paid. That's called privlage, sons don't have that--
@sickNdisgusted Ellen how about trying to embrace our government and not just one single agenda
thanks 4 the Love
or going to work?
oh yes, you are so underpaid. Just entertain or go away. You don't pay my bills so don't tell me what u think I should do.
Yes I am representing without a woman and facing much boredom in bed.
you are the woman I admire most with your kindness.
I did by exposing my vestigial penis to any misogynists.  #IWD2017
, I love your show!!

im with the adoptee rights campaign and we would really like to come to your show on this friday.can you help us?
Haha exactly
I did.  I run my own business and fired a woman I've wanted to fire for a long time.
I'm working today, wearing red, and all my clients are women!
How can I not? I was called Patricia as a kid? What were you called?
U weren't wearing red on today's show.  I know they're pretaped but still. Thanks for tweeting this!
A poem:
Celebrate Women
A Glorious Day Indeed
Shine Bright Lovelies
i like your performing hair style to day,is not alike day  before,
I'm amazed at the # of men & women who r pissed off abt today #IWD
Always
Wishing ALL women were truly represented today@theellenshow
Can I represent being pro life  and express my heartache of being a post abortive woman and feel welcome? NO
What about if you release your first novel? A book by my dear friend @hopealcocer #IWD2017
Not going to work is a great way to protest when you are a single mother.......
everyday i wake up to conquer the world, i represent
Sure did. I worked.
Hat's off to the real women in our military protecting your ass. Left wing nutt-bags aren't real women.
...and when is International Men's Day for #Daywithoutaman ?
LOVE YOU ELLEN!
or working lol
wore my red proudly today!
fortunately all our true women made it to work today!
by attacking women who chose to take the day off does NOTHING for the cause.  They are just as real as you are.
work at an all but one woman veterinary practice and wore red.
We are Ellen, no work, no spend & red
I represented the day as I try every day...showing up to work in a healthcare position, trying to be productive and helpful.
It's not a one day deal. It's a thought process - a way of life. Be a strong lady. Never give up.
Yes we will!! Special Offers & freebies available to celebrate!! Xx @TheEllenShow
we don't need a particular day to let us know we are women but there should be #Menday So they can be reminded to be sober
did you stay home from work #daywithoutawoman

I sure did
back to your glass house, we wouldn't want your producer to know you got off your leash
I actually chose to go to work today. As a teacher, I felt it was more important to be with my students.  #notmymarch
me too! Our little people need us there!!!
I was wearing red today but didn't twig it was International Woman's Day 
Am a nurse, not a wonderful mom, or change lives like you, I see what these women/mom's bring to their families lives. HUG ALL
Wearing Red #ADayWithoutWoman
ive been representing since Im 3!  #InternationalWomensDay #jj #exhale
u can show it everyday by just giving respect to them 
Thanks Ellen! Your work inspires many. #InternationalWomensDay 

proud woman #MBCchallengecup #futurewarhorse
. As long as these women or like them don't mess it up. #daywithoutawoman
...nope- one male boss and 8 women in the office...just another work day :-(
it's time for you to start promoting unity.
ALRIGHT NOW!
Yes!!!

I am working
Celebrate today! but stay at work and encourage companies to post accomplishments each female worker has contributed!
do
Quite a few of us (men and women ) were wearing red today 
l sure did by supporting my family as a single mother 
HOPEFULLY THEY ALL WENT TO WORK AND DIDNT PARTICIPATE IN THIS SCAM
would have worn my red shirt did not realize wearing red was a part of it though still support all the women
it's quite amazing how so many ppl don't understand what #ADayWithoutAWoman is about. Working or not, it's having the choice!
shut up
I had to work
happy women s day to the most inspiring women .....i know...lve u ellen..
yep, cooking a delish meal for my awesome man who works really hard every day for his family. :-)
#Showsupport
GIRL POWER ELLEN!!!! http://SendThanks.com  by Avery Paul
https://appsto.re/us/HDxU6.i 
Participated a day early by voting in LA election.
- staying home and wearing red while admiring you and all the wonderful ladies of the video. I am inspired. 
Wearing red AND being a SAHM...feminism is about choice.  Choosing to work or choosing to march, I support you all!
What if #daywithoutawoman is actually a devious plot by the patriarchy to not have to pay women today..? 
at home sick still wearing red
I didn't do the dishes..somehow I can see the future there will be double dishes tomorrow #daywithoutwomen

it's my birthday too!!!!! 
please follow me my favorite talk show host 
Equality of rights under the law shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any state on account of sex.ERAyes
must have us in the usa mixed up with the middle east
This is wording of the Equal Rights Amendment passed by our US congress (yes, USA) and 35 states. Not yet ratified.
no respect for this nonsense. As a woman, I'm embarrassed. REAL women work, take care of their families. #notimeforprotests
went to work but in red and spent no $$$ today!!!!
I got my period #timely that counts, right? 
nope I'm working!  #Notmyprotest
#ADayWithoutAWoman will be followed tomorrow by #adaywithoutjobs. Not showing up for work doesn't fix anything.
Happy Woman's Day Ellen. You are such an inspiration to all us women.
hugs from durango mexico !movieland !
so many great women that shaped and contributed to make a better place for us all but one stands out  thank you mom!
I don't have to march, wear red or anything else because I'll be honoring my wife, 4 daughters and 7 granddaughters. #TheyRule
Check out my #Periscope broadcast from today
I love how awesome you are.
Not your day, though...
working.  Didn't we fight for our rights to go to work to begin with? Why go backwards?

wearing RED
Celebrating all the amazing ladies in my life @TheEllenShow #InternationalWomensDay #womensday2017 #SheInspiresMe #IWD2017
women's rights are human rights. Even if you love your life support those who want equal rights !
Ellen I truly love you! But we women are blessed beyond belief here in the States what are we protesting, I still don't know
I wear red on fridays for Remember Everyone Deployed.  Other than that, I am a woman everyday of the year.
if it really supported ALL women, just libs who are vulgar and support abortions. Not ladies who think differently than them !
I love me some Ellen! She's not racist at all !! She's the only white person I can say is not !!
Have a  great day 
why is going to work not on your list? Are those of us who show up at work or our kids' school today not representing women?
I love the "in your own way" 
I know a very special and amazing woman that you really should meet!! #bekindtooneanother #ellen #deservesthebest #PleaseHelp
thank you so many women have put me down for recognizing this day
or in my case going to work cause I have a company that supports women and I wouldn't let them down not being here
Like going to work as a real feminist would!
I'm wearing a red thong & marching around my bedroom while my wife laughs her ass off. The things we do for love!
noooooo images  in my head. Make it stop!!!! Lololol
IWD is not a plot 2 put men in backseat, but rather an opportunity 4 evry1 evrywhr 2 take a stand 4 progress  #Pledgeforparity
we are all working!! No days off for mothers.
sorry Ellen I am working today or else my paycheck will be low.
Chinese year of the pig is 2019
w/ Trump as president, our yr of the pig is 2017
I am in Amsterdam on business....I am wearing red....#InternationalWomensDay #DayWithoutAWoman
and smoking green
no comment.....lol
#wearingred
Don't need to march, don't need to wear red, representing real womanhood every day, as a traditional, man loving, proud female
#InternationalWomensDay #ADayWithoutAWoman unless Ellen wants to pay my day at work get your butt up and go to work!
family always first..
I'm working today, supporting my female boss who owns a great company!  #NotMyMarch #internationalwomensday
I decided to not do laundry, not cook and not pick up the kids toys for the day. They realized real quick a working moms job!
by doing what I do everyday work and take care of my family.
