...and they're drinking and celebrating...on our dime.
Yes they r.  The Purge has begun.
What is happening to this country?
Their hatred 4 Pres. Obama's accomplishments overrides their common sense of decency for citizens of America. May God's vengeance be swift
What accomplishments? Free phones? Benghazi? Fast and furious?  #noaccountability
1) trying 2 help people, instead of hurt them 2) he believes in science (because he's smart) and tried to protect the environment, LGBT ally
What accomplishments? Destroyed out health care system. The only people he tried to help were Muslims, how much did he give iran?
He tried for a better healthcare but GOP blocked   Yes economy much better after eight years
Let's call it what it is. It's pure evil.
But they loved to talk about "death panels". Remember?
It's so funny you said that after having a Racist #44 that has segregated the black community since Obama claims Racism lives in our hearts
Yawn.
#VoteThemOut
This man supports the killing of children before and after birth, elderly, disabled, too costly, too sick and too inconvenient.  #NoStanding
#VoteThemOut
Liar.
To be fair, Republicans don't consider the poor and less fortunate to be human.
democrats don't consider the unborn human
It's almost as if we listen to science instead of whatever ignorant billboard adorns our county's rural highway.
Your elitist arrogance is why Trump won
ROFL
Yes.  We all r.
our premium TRIPLED in the last three years under OC. That is disdain for human dignity, sir. Blame yourself for today.
word
They are monsters. Actual monsters.

That's the GOP claim to be party of god but they worship money
like how democrats push abortion legislation?
Why were you and your fellow congress members unwilling to be covered by Obamacare?
And just a while ago Governor Deal signed the campus carry law. Now college students can carry guns on campus. What is happening?
Its unreal.  They hate their own citizens.  Just protecting the insurance companies.
Who you kidding oh yeah you seen it you lived through and experienced it have you forgotten? #MLK Same blind legislation  allowed u injured
The Obama albatross is a health destroying lie...why don't you wake up and say something sensible???
Truth . Com
Again, many saw it's coming. So why the Dems agreed on the spending bill by throwing away the only leverage? Shud've played hard ball.

JUST IN: ObamaCare repeal bill contains exemption for members of Congress and their staffs http://hill.cm/nPH6pef  
This is when I really need a sad face instead of a like. Our society is very troubled.
Sad. Rarely have the differences between parties been so clear.
You have clearly failed math.
Troll better. Bye now.
No, it means I don't have time to teach your freshman year of college again. Besides, brown shirts are so passe.
Blocking you now.
Besides call our reps & support Dems, what can we do? I'm up for mass civil disobedience. This is unconscionable and sickening.
This! All of this!
Amen
#RepealAndReplaceGOP'18
@GeorgeTakei we are watching and waiting for an opportunity to vote for responsibility and community.
And yet- so many people voted in a  compulsive liar... Americans need to give themselves a long look in the mirror. This is who you are now
Nothing less was expected from a bunch of disheartened, entitled, Republicans who are inclined to make the rich richer and the poor poorer.
mr lewis
#TrumpRussia
Well said, and sadly, terribly true. It is heartbreaking.
This breaks my heart! This is not the country so many have fought and died for!
Cares about the protection of the fetus. Once you're born - screw you. Pro life my ass
Perhaps because congress understands neither humanity nor dignity.
this vote shows how there is such a moral sickness and a deep rot at the core of the Republican Party.
And they went on a beer run to celebrate.... I guess we know what evil in human form looks like....
Old white men
Not all old white men... just the ones in congress with R's after their names...
You are very right... I'm just still so angry. Common sense will return to me tomorrow.
Sorry didn't mean to sound scolding... I just don't want to give in to paint groups in broad strokes...
Oh no worries, I get it. I was doing what they do. And that is not ok
You rock Zoe!
MALIGNANT CRUELTY. Public Hanging are too good for these morons. They are and have been for years a disgrace to mankind. Not new.
Our entire Country could come down with its own version of this phenomena. Important writer and reading. Please share.
It happened once before in Flint, MI.
Well, I’ve updated my ‘To Do’ list in the meantime:
 
They are the most evil, dismantling admn. All they stand for is cruelty. 
A lot of House Representatives better be updating their resumes! #2018
Now if you can see your way to clarifying and reconciling your disdain for @BernieSanders it will help the cause acknowledge Bernie 60s acts
Yes;  Was humiliated and demeaned. Couldn't work; had to care for seriously ill child. No ins. Piles of bills. These ass-holes are heartless
Nor have I heard it said with more Truth, Heart or Conscience> May God Bless you in All you Are & All you do/Thankyou
Except the spending of billions of dollars for shovel ready jobs that didn't exist!
The problem, poor/working/uneducated ppl vote for them . And will stll vote for them.
The Bill will solve that in the end.. dead people can't vote
How do you not see that the one with disdain for human dignity is the one who champions the initiation of force @repjohnlewis @chasffisher
Because in your scenario, millions of people end up dead. In mine, they dont
They don't, but even if they did, saying the ends justifies the means also shows disdain for human dignity @chasffisher @repjohnlewis
Every other developed nation in the planet has universal health care where the sick have more dignity
The fact that they have the wrong idea doesn't justify coercion & placing the collective over the individual  @chasffisher @repjohnlewis
As always, we disagree on this point. I believe looking after those unable to look after themselves is a collective obligation.
So you'd be willing to sacrifice your children for the greater good? That's the argument you're making. You're... @chasffisher @repjohnlewis
By sacrifice them, you mean guarantee them a long and healthy life no matter how rich or poor they are?
$10 says you didn't read it
It's frightening and disgraceful,
Thanks Rep Lewis
Thanks
Love you John Lewis!
How is this happening? I don't understand. WE need 2 drain the swamp, drain the evil filthy GOP drudge whose only God is the Almight Dollar!
U know what's sad beyond this hurt, women blacks were not the first, the truth victims are disables, we were before the 16 century's
"most vulnerable among us"

Would you be referring to unborn children?
You csnt be nice with the devil
@asfeld And how so many of this sad GOP group invoke God in what they do.  Shame on them.
Indeed al - it's always been here - in plain sight.  So many horrifying things are done to people by those calling forth God's name.
Obama has ruined our country. Most corrupt Admin in history. Trump has a mess to clean up after complete INCOMPETENCE.
@repjohnlewis the disdain for human dignity started before yesterday. Democrats and Republicans have both failed us.
thank you, every minute, thank you
Right on!
Much prayer is needed
You make no sense.  What is your solution to the problem?
Thank you for caring...
No matter how many calls, marches, letters from their own, they don't care. What can we do???
Obamacare was no better. It isnt just about the poor and vulnerable, everyone needs to be considered in hiw they will be affected.
IF ALL PEOPLE WERE RICH LIKE US.  NO COVERAGE...THEY DID THIS TO US.
Vote them out of office.
Guy sounds like he was hit in the head or something!  Geez.
I agree. I worked for the YWCA on D.C. And am fearful for many of the women who we served. This is classism and racism. Deplorable.
God don't like ugly...this will come back on them...get your popcirn ready!
Amen, @repjohnlewis!!! And this legislative action is supposed to 'Make America Great'??? 
Exodus 17:8-15...Indeed, The LORD IS OUR BANNER!
Yes you have his name is OBAMA the one who cost Americans the most with his OBAMACARE that NO one could afford & keeps rising
Health insurance industry rakes in billions while blaming Obamacare for losses
GOP seriously divorced from real people, from their own soul - a soul sickness of most profound order.
I know. Obama care was horrible, wasn't it?
Where have you been living for the past 30 years?
I agree Ocare was adopted IN SECRET at 2am on a snowy xmas eve. None of the senators had read the over 2000 pages bill. NO transparency
And soon Hitler began sending them to the gas chambers too.
It's not Christian. And that's ironic.
With all due respect, you have sat by and allowed Planned Parenthood kill millions of defenseless unborn African-American babies...
Shameful!
Tweet Tweet! Indeed. NONE of us will ever feel at home when we know something like this is WRONG.
According to racist Mo Brooks, "we did not live good lives".  Apparently he, Trump and his posse' did.
How right you are Congressman Lewis. How true.
I don't have any faith in the political system!
Really all of us! Please get that part out there! We all have "access" to a Bentley but few of us can buy one
great new show tonight
Trump & Republican MO
The best thing we can do is REMEMNER the next time those legislators run for office.  Don't forget to fire em.
Please get the facts, not the MSM talking point scare tactics.  Obamacare was  dead. High deductibles. High premiums. Hardly coverage.
I share your pain -- elected officials are supposed to work to help their constituents, not harm them.
Really? Not even the legislation whose basis was why dogs and fire hoses were turned loose on you?
The hasty passage of the unvetted and unscored AHCA should remove any doubt that America is NOT a Christian nation. Shame on @SpeakerRyan!
I fear that this is not as low as they will go.
Welcome to Trumps America
And Republicans celebrate!
It's a crime against American humanity.
And you have seen some shit Sir! This is where this ranks among all the awful things you've been witness to. That says something.
it doesn't even care for people who are a little bit vulnerable. Insurance is supposed to be about sharing the costs....
With all due respect, you have. It was called civil rights.
Tax cut for the rich ,because the repukelican are bought and paid for
thank you for your compassionate leadership
Then maybe you should've supported Bernie, who wasn't hated nationwide, instead of lying to POC about how he didn't support civil rights! 
Bernie Sanders is a racist, sexist, old, angry grifter.
Thank you, Sir. You keep fighting this fight because you have the courage to do so. I'll always support you and try to follow your lead.
How ironic is it that this foolishness took place on The National Day of Prayer. And they want to stand on a pro-life forum..what hypocrisy!
Amen!!
Read about Triniad and Tobago
Thank you @repjohnlewis for standing strong against the #AHCA repeal!
You sir understand "decency" - no one in the GOP does
I feel sick its such an abuse of human rights
The ACA was dead the day it was termed OBAMAcare! If it didn't have his name they wouldn't have repealed it!
The only thing we can do is vote the rodents out! Everyone volunteer in next local election Anything you can do.Send $ if U can. We R mjrty
We can all be sure he will not read it.  His minions can tell him anything he wants and he will sign it.
#DefundPP
Never have I seen legislative action that reveals such clear disdain for the human dignity of the most vulnerable among us.
You're seeing Trumpism, in the raw.
Evil @republicans
You're referring to the funding of Planned Parenthood right?
You twits didn't care in 2008. These twits don't care in 2017.
Welcome to the Orange party.
Respectfully, that's complete BS and #PoliticalGamePlaying, Mr. Congressman. There is more to this than the "GOP vs. Human Dignity" spin.
This time around Washington is heavy with billionaire Repubs; fingers crossed the Senate will have more sense 
Amen. Disgraceful and unacceptable
you gotta stand together with Dems and other Republicans and change this. America's future is in all your hands.
agree Rep. Lewis. Never has a party so blatantly flaunted their complicity & corruption.They R protecting a TRAITOR, incapable of country1st
Amen
The stripping of human rights always starts slow but picks up speed in direct proportion to collective complacency and lack of compassion.
#GOP House DID NOT pass "Healthcare Bill".
They just passed "DEATH TO AMERICANS" Bill
Let's eliminate GOP House Majority in 2018
#Resistance
Amen
Dark day for Americans! How can we be so cruel to the little guy - #ihaveapreexistingcondition
It makes me sad.
Never seen laws with such disdain for human dignity? Just wait! Impeach immediately- You are the House!!
Optimism & encouragement from the left... Oh, never mind.
I think the word is "SOULLESS"
Just ask 45 - he never read the bill along w/most GOPs but not to worry, Senate will seek CBO stats & reinstall top 10. Nice try sneaky Pete
Amen. Bunch of low-frequency, flaccid, arrogant hairdos. Bunch of them will be unemployed soon. #midterms #AHCAVote #Trumpcare #nosoul
Coming from you, Sir, with all you've seen in your lifetime, that's saying a lot. 
Tramp doesn't care about Americans he just wants the fame! His motto is screw the poor!
We the Resistance will pay them back sir! Thank you for standing with us! We WILL NOT go quietly into that good night!
Lets face it, legislators are really not members of our society. Neither are the rich. They couldn't care less about the rest of us.
Thanks for telling it like it is John.  You are an American hero these days.
Not since ACA, anyway.
I don't guess you would include legislative action that funded abortion, hmmmmmm. So sad.
There were some horrific laws passed in  Nazi Germany. And Pre Civil War legislative acts come to mind.
Isn't naming AHCA a healthcare bill misrepresenting what it actually does? Isn't it dishonest? Another lie from GOP?
REPUBLICANS ARE GREEDY BASTERDS WHO DESERVES TO BE VOTED OUT IN 2018 !!
I agree!  Please please  DOA in the Senate!!
The destruction of our country is happening from within...a la Roman Empire-esque! Thank you @POTUS @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
Oh , I thought he must be talking about the pre-born
It shows disdain to/for all of us b/c obviously they thought people would think this was a good plan...and that voters have short memories.
@tthbaker ok to bomb Syria when kids killed, then sign 24 million off any HC. more kids will die in the US.
Take note @SenateGOP @SenatorCollins @SenRonJohnson @SenDeanHeller @lisamurkowski we don't support #AHCA #trumpcare neither should u
That was a disgrace in the House today, sir. A clear sign that those of us w/pre-existing conditions will suffer and die.
So darn sad... seriously.. how do you live with yourself after passing that. How can you sleep at night. Literally.  Send in stories
Sold dirt cheap as a natural resource for an unneeded tax cut for the wealthy
Death panels would be more honest than willful blindness to the US citizens needs and capricious limitation of benefits!
The American government will be the end of America.
Not really. Jesus said, that you do to the elite of my people, that you do unto me. So it fits. #Ugh #SMFH
Wisdom and clarity from a man who has seen so much and stood up for so many. #Democracy #IamAPreexistingCondition

Spoken from a man who saw first hand dogs attacking our brothers and sisters water hoses looses on us whites only splashed on walls.
A man with more integrity, courage, and conviction than all 217 Republicans who voted for this abomination combined.
Johnny you guys screwed us over in 2008 and saddled us with this piece of shit legislation. My costs have TRIPLED. U don't have a clue!!
Capitalism/Free Market is more important than people lives/health, but Capitalism/Free Market does not work without a healthy consumer.
Never underestimate the inhumanity of Republican legislators.
Fugitive slave acts?
don't understand what you mean, many of my clients do not have healthcare now, I can barely pay my premiums and my son got a copay for 2000?
only doctor I could get was on 79th street, bless her heart she is from India. the list of doctors they gave me for Cigna, no new patients.
I vote a mixed ballot this has nothing to do with politics, its about poverty. Will the poor ever get a fair shot?
Our country is breaking my heart. What has happened to us?
It's past time that we people stand up and be heard! Government for the people by the people! L2G
Conservative "Christians" DON'T Care About The Sick Or The Poor. John 8:44. #TheirFatherISTheDevil. It's ALWAYS About #TheZIBBAS_MOMONEY 
It is horrendous this passed. In his interview, Trump stated he knew full well that people would be left out in the cold with the new bill
@PaulRyanSpeaker should know that Ayn Rand Syndrome is a pre-existing condition. Symptoms include lack of empathy and human decency.
So sad
Yes the vulnerable ones who have been working taking care if the sorry welfare and illegals taking from our country.
VOTE LABOUR OUST VILE TORYS
It may of passed Congress but it has to pass the Senate...Not So Fast! Still going to take awhile and once they read it they will  VETO!
Could not agree more....beyond shameful.
Get off twitter rally some folks and get to work
Don't you wish you hadn't been so deceptive about Bernie Sanders now while you were trying to shill for Shillary?
