And yet anyone who supports #DACA will lose election.  Just ask Luther Strange. Another flawed poll! #NeverDACA
Exactly. But it is rather amusing that these dem-wits would pimp a poll after 2016 election poll disaster.  ILLEGALS not welcome in US.
Good luck getting the GOP to listen. Polls that back them are accurate, Polls that don't are tainted.
This poll used 35% more Democrats than Republicans.
Lies
Is that the same 86% that said HRC would be our next Potus?
O WOW look @AnnCoulter
Let this sink in: Partisan divisions are 31-23-36 percent, Democrats-Republicans-independents. #BiasedPoll
consider the source lmao
Lies. Americans want nothing more than a secure border & illegal aliens deported ASAP. You must've polled every illegal you could find .
Don't believe this! Who are you polling, the dead people who voted for @HillaryClinton or the illegal immigrants? #FakeNews
Trump won the election and its time he stops campaigning and focus on the agenda that got him to the office. Hilary is history!
I agree with your assessment except that every politician has to constantly campaign if they want to be reelected. @realDonaldTrump 2020
Now try asking some Repubs and conservatives, ur polls haven't been right in over a year
I call bullshit. Did you poll exclusively in sanctuary cities?
This is absolute bs LMFAOOOO
But will Trump listen? Hells no!!
No, not to ABC or this fake poll.
The problem with employer-verify is that employers still want cheap labor and won't verify. That's why all verification laws  have failed.
Let me guess.. the poll was conducted in NY Ma. Lib parts of Cali., and Illinois
This is hilarious. When they say data is lying through the use of numbers. This poll proves the point! Trump Presidentcy
I say shoot to kill on the border as long as a warning has been issued. Red yellow black and white all earth blight.
Wow. A full 27% opposed the second question. What's the methodology of this poll?
Some serious fake news
You should care that the crap your being served by left wing media like ABC and this poll is simply fake. WAKE UP.
Few agree with Trump...IMPEACH the SOB!
Trump and his KKK followers don't care about statistics, math is too hard for those inbred mouth breathers.

Yeah...pray tell, HOW MANY DEMOCRATS WERE POLLED? Versus, you know, us plebs, the Republicans? We EXIST & we are NOT going away.
They want more border security but no wall? Something wrong with that
#FakeNews
Same pollsters that had Hillary winning right? How'd that turn out?
#Lies
These liberal elites are blind to the fact that very few people believe anything they say !
Yes because this seems 100% accurate and unbiased
The poll was in Spanish and English which likely means they asked illegal aliens what they think. They are NOT AMERICANS.
How did you find these results and what methods did you use to conduct your research
This is #FakeNews bull hockey! Reminds me of the polls during the election showing Hillary ahead by double digits. 

....sounds about right, we got a mentally incompetent jackass running the country, we'll be better when he's impeached..
Polled all the liberal cities.
@ABC ..call @Rasmussen
Here's a real #Borderwall poll w/ really big sample 25K. Not the 400 home-bodies ABC & Wapo surveyed from a NY retirement home. #FakePolls.
#FakeNews Here's a real poll. Sample is much bigger:
You see, when you're caught lying to the public as badly as ABC has in the past, their propaganda is not to be believed. #MAGA
Was the same pollsters who predicted the election outcome used? I thought so ... lib polls are sh** polls. Fudged, manipulated etc.
Somehow I think this might not be accurate.  #fakenews
That's cuz people are 2 lazy 2 read the fine prints under #DACA :it doesn't stop violence in South America the reason they're here illegally
I believe you polled more democrats & your questions were biased. But go ahead & continue to lie
"Partisan divisions are 31-23-36 percent, Democrats-Republicans-independents."  Another fake news polling sample - just like during election
Exactly 76.5% of polls conducted by ABC turned “completely fake” and 81.3% “ordinarily fake”. My numbers are so specific they must be true!
That meme never gets old
Liberals on #potus45 #DACA and #BuildTheWall ...

English and Spanish, among a random national sample 
of 1,002 adults. 31-23-36 percent, Democrats-Republicans-independents
By this lady Allison De Jong
Fake news
#FakeNews
How did they have to torture the questions to get those responses?
Sorry if I don't believe and @abc poll
Lmao, are these as accurate as the election polls?
How on earth can any country only oppose ILLEGAL immigration by 55%? You guys pull these facts out your arse?
I do not believe this.
Poll was taken amongst all Planned Parenthood staff !
Fake News. Fake Poll
Not on Chain Migration! And not for the felons and Welfare recipients either.
In a poll of 2500 Democrats 
THIS IS BS ITS NOT WHAT THE 65 MILLION PEOPLE WHO VOTED FOR POTUS TRUMP SAY,THIS IS ALL LIES AND YOU KNOW IT.FAKE FAKE POLLS
 #MAGA
does that include the 11 million DACA?
Dreamers themselves told Pelosi point blank, "All 11 million or none." So...
.
Bullcrap. You're fake polls don't mean squat. This is one of you're worst.
Remember when polls said Hillary had a 96% chance of winning? I do! These polls smell of intense bullshit
As most Americans opposed electing Trump!Relatively few defied a majority w/an archaic system devised 2 curb democracy&protect slave states!
We support daca!!!!

#NobodyaskedMe
This poll is total BS. If the results were actually true, Donald Trump would not be President
More fake polls
poll draws are based on registration breakdown of nation so independents are the highest draw & majority of indep identify as conservative
Bullshit fake polls
