he's gonna skate today on taking questions today. Bet they wrap up this budget stuff and split! #chickenshit
I think I you're on to something
@PARISDENNARD of course not THEY SUCK! & he wants Niggas 2go to black schools out white schools get that handkerchief head of here

i know thats right!
How much do they pay you to lie every night Don? How do you look in the mirror? Oh Vampires can't see their reflection
Lemonhead is Bias. I've been listening to him all during the election & he always distorted truth
Don't shoot the messenger. Sean has the worst job on earth.
& is the worst doing it
Clinton lied about bj impeach. Trump lied about wire tap # slap on hand# not fair
It ok your saying exactly what your told to ..cnn admitted they broadcast unverified info..not real news .
hey Donny boy you happy. Move on to another topic  CNN has been talking about this for days. Your news sucks !
FAKE NEWS GETS OLD
What waste of time. I watched this to see Spicer become unhinged again. @donlemon @seanspicer
Lemonhead and  Fake news gets old
This is all diversionary tactics-
We've got to stay FOCUSED
nailed another one huh scoop?
if they were investigating how is there no surveillance? Fake news
Say the leftists to their leftist audience of broadcasters to regurgitate to their unthinking masses. #shamjournalism
Remember when British Parliament wanted to ban Candidate Trump from England ... so who knows what they would do.
What about all of the Obama lies! CNN was in bed with Obama Nothing but a bunch of liberal hypocrites! CNN is pathetic
what an embarrassment. It's like trying to defend your racist grandpa by sighting news from the KKK. He's in a no win!
DT was tap dancing, tripped over a wire and saw a pic of Obama. His brain connected the dots.
watch out for the photos the next day.
Just sayin
Don, you and your network are doing a fine job. Keep up the great 
work.
Sean do you think your boss wire taped himself? He does have multiple personalities!
We are still waiting on the Russia evidence. Any word on that?
I have seen no evidence that u have a BRAIN Don Lemon !!
Oh and the Senate Intel didn't come from the Senate Intel it came from your CNN/Propaganda "sources"
Give it time. Where's all that evidence on Russia that u guys have been pushing for 6 months. Proven wrong&no reportg
omg i went over the tweets i lov this no evidence wiretapping per #microwavepopcorn lol which i eat everyday! Lv it AJ
well i am sure the Senate Intel cam is FAKE
@MrDane1982 @seanspicer yeah...that went well...pathological liars...every single one of them from Trump on down
Well.  Now that I'm watching it,  I'm ready to throw something at my TV!   This is a group from hell- all of them!
Good Lord what else can they blame him for?
Don, it's obvious that Trump likes to drag crap out, to keep you guys distracted from other issues. Focus Don #Russia
And didn't President Barack Obama say he wanted to get to the bottom of Russian interference
no surprise. Fake news, from a fake president. Laughable, except it's no joke.

so ridiculous that @realDonaldTrump wastes everyone's time with this 
it's people like Donald Trump who make up evidence to toss black men in prison. @dlady44 @seanspicer
@realDonaldTrump doesn't need evidence he just goes on some sick whim
WHY?!   So you can hear more BS and changing the subject ?!
OMG is that all you ever talk about RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA... my God ..
Killary make you say that?  #poser  #soros  #UNRIG  #pizza
You could wallpaper a 6x9 ft jail cell with all the lies Trump as spoken to date. His lies can comfort him in prison.
he is just going to try and explain it away in some awkward way. #noaccountability
Really? Lots of evidence of stupidity. How about investigating the real criminals. Fuck the US government. @donlemon @redmcgraw1
N aftr all the lies n stres on stres n dnt no who's on1st n whts on2nd.We're all goin to need health care we dnt hveAJ
waiting on@seanspicer like
Wish I could believe that's the end of it ... but it's not.
Don u beter ck the #Microwave #Alternative Fact may b n ur popcorn!
they state "Trump was NOT THE SUBJECT." It doesn't say if phone/computers wasn't intercepted by warrants covering others? Ask them
nice try but trump stated he WAS the target
This  happened/Tucker Carlson: "The counties who voted 4 you will do far worse under your plan"
Pres Trump Oh, I know
maybe spicy finally took my advice and quit
Sad that president Trump are lying to the American people.
Please livestream the press conference from your microwave, for those of us at work today.
To repeat i think we pretty much knew it's one of potus lie aftr lie.N while we r on lies.Hw long isRyan's nose nw? AJ
And a stiff drink.
Of course not.  But Pres Trump will never apologize to Pres Obama for calling him a criminal.  Awful!
it was just a case of "look over there!" while they pulled more shady shit.
running late...
now can you now focus on RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA .RUSSIA!! Enough time wasted on this nonsense .
he has the toughest job as a Repo Man. Give it to you on Monday and repossess on Friday...
Spicey getting ready for his PR beatdown like...
I feel sorry for Spicer, I don't know how he applies magic to his words making Trump's stupid statements more coherent
oh no really ?? We're shocked !

We're watching you @realDonaldTrump. 
