Heartbroken and outraged by the images coming out of Syria following the atrocious chemical attack yesterday.
He doesn't want the refugees, he just wants us to back his war.
And what is your plan?  Move every Syrian citizen into the US so Assad has nobody to gas?  How exactly would that work.  Round them up?
Hey Dan-shark jumped-delete delete delete
Heartbroken by your father's support of Russia backing Assad.

Cruel and heartless? How bout you go to their country and fix things for em.
Syrians don't want to be refugees. They want the fighting to end, ISIS to be removed, and their normal life in their own homeland to return.
Dan, you realize this was the same policy as Obama right?
You realize that article disproves your theory right?  Vetting process continued under Obamacare vs Zero refugees under Trump.
And members from both sides of the aisle expressed concerns over proper vetting of these refugees dating back years. Obama failed Syria.
But nobody said the entire population is dangerous and shouldn't be allowed in the country until the current President
It's a National Security issue. Both parties have said this. What is difficult about the concept? We are a nation of borders.
We r a nation of immigrants.  Our borders aren't what make us great, it's accepting the tired, the poor and those yearning to be free
Hahaha. Be nice if you knew difference between a refugee and a LEGAL immigrant. All people ask is to come here LEGALLY. That too difficult?
Had to delete refugee to fit. They are both looking for a better life.  He isn't allowing immigrants or refugees in asshole
she’s so different from her dad & i wish people would understand that. she actually has a brain & can think for herself, for one.
So the other half million or so deaths didn't bother trump or his daughter.
As we keep giving weapons to Radical Islamic Jhiadis that are using chem weapons to blame Assad. CNN lying once again.
How is background vetting a ban?  Take your time. I'll wait.

Were you heartbroken when Syrian children were being turned away at US airports?
@realDonaldTrump knew Syria was attacking innocent families. He was informed exactly at the moment it was happening. He did nothing.
Wow, this brought me to tears. I remember that night you found out abt the ban & how upsetting it was for you (& many others). Perfect reply
@POTUS   worthless use of 60 million $'s. Russians warned, therefore Syrians OBVIOUSLY WARNED. #russiagate #trumprussia #fakeattack #resign
Geeez let that woman alone. Can't she say one good thing without being criticized for being one man's daughter???
nope, because she is making money off of this just like he is, read the news, she just got huge shipments of her China-made products,see nbc
#ThanksObama #RedLine
Remember to thank Putin too.
Your sympathy means nothing Ivanka. Get your dad and husband to take action against these atrocities. Anything short of that is lip service.
she’s a woman, they won’t listen to her
And if you'd like to take some into your home, send us your address.  We fill up your house with them if you'd like.  Or are you heartless?
Last time I check, the images of "syrian refugees" I have seen were 18-28 year old men.  No women or children.  INVADERS?
Phony people.
Assad has a history of doing this dear Ivanka
^^ This!!
Why do they have to come here? Why not Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Egypt, Iraq, Iran?
So what are you going to do about it
@IvankaTrump Funny this has been happening for years. She only now noticed. Now that daddy wants war?
AHA a chance to go to war and take some oil
@IvankaTrump pls tell the administration to STOP blaming Obama for everything! Pull up their big boy pants and take responsibility!!!
@SkipMcfly Heartbroken and outraged by ICE deporting hard working parents indiscriminately, blatant, lame nepotism & complicity.
Not to mention of his continuous support of Asad and Putin!
She's a bullshit artist. Just like her father... #Syria #Assad #TrumpRussia
@IvankaTrump she forgot: "which is all Obama's fault" ... ran out of characters I guess.

@IvankaTrump Trump bars Syrian refugees from entering and refuses to help depose Assad who butchers them.
More of those "crocodile tears".
History did not begin in 1/1/2017
@MBGlenn @IvankaTrump  WHY.?
@wyethwire @IvankaTrump. Complicit-  look it up.
Gotta love PC positioning on good and bad ways to kill the enemy.
@IvankaTrump #complicit
She's as big a bull    as her dad!
Certainly not heartbroken enough to help. Go back to your ivory tower.
Just so so very sad.
Cruel, heartless is the Dem effort to foist unvetted Syrians on unsuspecting taxpayers, demanding taxpayers support them. 
cc: @IvankaTrump
@IvankaTrump is "outraged" by the "images coming out of Syria."  The IMAGES. Not pals Assad or Putin.
Here's an idea: Maybe they could ban the images, too?
She full of bullshit. She doesn't give a damn about women issue either.
Trump defending serial Sexual Harasser, Bill O'Reilly, today showed how little influence Ivanka has over anything he says or does.
2/about why he's so hell bent about banning them from the USA? Otherwise, maybe stop acting like you're bothered by it.
1/How do u post this &!*# with a straight face? If children getting murdered is troubling you then maybe you should talk to your dad...
This.
@IvankaTrump if Ivanka Trump & her hubby hv influence over Donald they must be as despicable & sociopathic as he is.
I America we do the same thing in the name of Monsanto with Round Off .Syians get gassed for all we know with the same stuff with planes.
Why not enter Saudi ?
May be your father #CrookedDonald can do some thing other than blaming the last time we had a real president.
That would be Bush
Sure you are.
Throw the entire corrupt Munster Family out of the White House before they cause even more damage.
OOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHH
#Complicit
GOP should have had the same level of outrage for the Sandy Hook children, but they cowered to the NRA
No kidding! I don't see her going to volunteer w refugees. I don't hear her asking dad if he'll let them in! #faketears @IvankaTrump action
.@dandrezner didn't the courts muck it up? Didn't first EO allow for persecuted religious minorities (i.e. Christians) to still be refugees?
Also heartbroken & outraged by @IvankaTrump's complicity with dad's cruel and heartless efforts to ban Syrian refugees from entering U.S.
@IvankaTrump close cities that help them. Talk abt country that aid them. She needs to inform herself then talk. Not blieve her
@JustSchmeltzer @IvankaTrump this oerson must b on something. Does she not know this has been for years n her dad is trying to
@burritojustice @IvankaTrump It's been happening for years. Thank you for joining us in our outrage.
He has no concern for Syrian life.
He has no concern for any kind of life except his own. Period.

I had forgotten Trump saying, "Saddam throws a little gas, everyone goes crazy." Assad probably didn't forget. https://youtu.be/iQx7A0-d4jk 
She says do not take her silence as silence....of course she doesn't know what complicit means.....
You forgot the word "temporarily"
On point, Daniel.
Yep, a leader is only as good as his actions
If HRC hadn't done her Qatari masters' bidding, there would be no Syrian war.
#Complicit
Love this post!Hit a bullseyeThis Grifter fam actin like Putin fam,cronies;want 2 suck all the mony from THE PPL!Not gonna happen-Resisters
I remember @dandrezner awaiting a sponsored refugee child on the day of the first Travel Ban and he was heartsick!
@IvankaTrump remember: you are not promoting a clothing line - this is "real life" - maybe study up a little? #Syria #Assad #Trumprussia
