There hasn't been a slave here for 150 years. Nobody who was a slave,owed a slave,or even knew a slave has been alive for several decades.
Slavery is not the topic here, so idk why you're bringing it up. But I will warn you: hate speech will get you blocked.
...but I AM tired of the propaganda.
Lynchings were popular as recently as the 1960s. And this was less than 20yrs ago: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murder_of_James_Byrd_Jr ….
...give me the stat on how many blacks died at the hands of other blacks in 1960. I GUARANTEE the latter circumstance was FAR higher...
#StructuralRacism! The biggest stat. The biggest longest running crime in America.
I keep asking...what else exactly does the black community want from the white community at this point? It keeps complaining how it's...
#HR40
Who gives a flying fuck? At one time or another every race, creed and/or color was persecuted and subjugated by some other entity...
You commented so you obviously care.
Oh surprise...a brown face.
Didn't realize a brown face can make you blush... how cute.
Nah...just expect one not to understand much other than it's own opinion. Do black people blush? And, if so, how can you tell?
Understand what? Your initial comment shows you're an apologist for racial bigotry with an "all discrimination matters" reference lol
got a handout. All the rest are? ...well...ask THAT black guy what HE'd call them.
Nah that's just biased because every black person doesn't have the same situation in America. Props to that black guy but his life isn't...
Get the fuck over it...and quit using it as a crutch. You get every advantage, free education, free food, free housing, free medicine, So...
Who exactly gets all these freebies you speak of?
Look it up. Then you'll understand why the lower to middle class white man despises blacks and voted for Trump.
Either way it's horrifying, but this will likely turn out to be like most of the others - yet another #fakehatecrime - watch and see
How could this possibly be a fake hate crime? Like the noose isn't real? The museum is fake? It's all just made up lmao no
http://fakehatecrimes.org/   a fake hate crime is perpetrated by the 'victim' class, usually for political reasons
lol you're a trump supporter this makes so much sense now.
Right? I had to check his profile for the MAGA label, and, of course, there it was, right up top, like wearing a "kick me" sign on his back.
Don't forget him proudly mentioning his op ed in breitbart as if it's a badge of honor lol 2017 man I tell ya what a life we live
First he says he's a "Christian".... 
That's usually how you can identify a Trump supporter. Starts with Christian and ends with MAGA and conservative lol
Top of the Morning: How can I get tix to museum for overseas guests in town today? 2 from overseas one from California
We distribute same-day passes at 1pm! All passes are first-come, first-served.
Thanks.
Dear Lionnie Bunch 
In the light of your statement! Please see below! BOBC published this tweet in March this year!
@harrybelafonte @TheRoot @blackvoices @TrayneshaCole @colourfulradio @EvadneyC @NatTurnerFilm @oneunited @ebro @CharleneWhite #tods #wtf  
I am so deeply sorry to hear this. Stand. Stand. Stand.
you were quoted in an article by @USATODAY
MOVE ON!!! #stuckinthepast
So has @realDonaldTrump called for investigatory asst to find out who hung the noose & called it acts of #DomesticTerrorism
Are cameras installed in the museum?
Send this to the Democrats. They were the fiends
that made a practice of hangings and the brutality
of Jim Crow.
When I seen that on the news yesterday it sicken me. My client asked what was a noose he's 88 years old and has dementia he said how sad
Leader sets the tone, and #Trump is tone deaf on race and other important issues that matter to Americans.
#racism
@Impeach_D_Trump
I'm waiting for the Obama Family to return from vacation, and toss this guy out of their house.
Where is the president's statement of support?
Those that forget or deny even the most horrible and evil chapters of history are the ones to fear & educate today, for a more human future
You know they call people like us crazy for asking those questions but 
They lost. The history is on our side. The future is love. #BlackExcellence. They gon hate. Everybody stay calm. Well done on this statement
What are you even talking about? Ugh.
Uh oh @FemiAbodunde Becky's mad that she's not included. 

'OMG becky'
Baby Got Back by Sir Mix-A-Lot
https://open.spotify.com/track/28yT0sZlkqStSByo1j58J4?si=qc5h3DBQRbO1Fn9T7qv7tQ …
I didn't see this until now . As a white American - I apologize for the continued ignorance and hate in our country .
http://www.fakehatecrimes.org 
Ignorant prank?
Did the WHITE house provide an official position on this vile action? Too busy being offended by @Kathygriffin?
i`m assuming theres video cameras n the smithsonian.
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/868555906799120384 …
Uh... so hangings were around longer than slavery in America. It's a "trigger" for all cultures
We will resist and overcome the hate, ignorance and cowardly of some people. We will overcome
Losing?  Try deflecting  that might work.   God forbid you could fucking humble your size 96 head to admit you're nastily wrong.
Can't people sort out these hoaxes?  Immediately it's assumed a white racist did this.  Where's the proof?  Where are the videos?
FAKE NEWS
We are different. I condemn this act but you condone atrocious acts against conservatives.
And don't forget the scalpel! A painful reminder of the pain they face today literally, at the hands of DNC funded abortions for minorities!
Nice attempt to deflect from your own issues.  @Simonbooks #DropKenJennings
HOW IS IT POSSIBLE THAT YOU DON'T HAVE CAMERAS?????
Heard it suggested you could aquire the noose, displaying it as a reminder that racism and hate is not just history. I support that idea.
No one cares...
Thank you for all you do to fight ignorance. Apparently we all have a lot of work to do. We are with you.
The building must have  EYES (videos) to monitor/protect what's INSIDE. A private fund raiser would be an instant success!
We have to win. The noose means we have to tie up loose ends, the work begun because a noose is not a ruse.-- Dr. Jesse J. Hargrove
.@realDonaldTrump needs to own this. This uptick in racism is a direct result of his influence.
Yes, hateful act. But not POTUS fault. Occured in the past. Would occur if HRC or Sanders was POTUS/Racism is a malignant cancer in society.
More shameful acts perpetrated by @potus base, he must be so proud
WHAT EVIDENCE DO YOU HAVE A CONSERVATIVE PERPETRATED THIS ACT?   YOU ARE MAKING ALLEGATIONS WITHOUT EVIDENCE
#HR40 yall! It's not a request, it's an ultimatum!
“Deplorable” indeed. I see you, @NMAAHC, and I love you.
A statement from our Founding Director Lonnie Bunch on the noose found in our history galleries today. 
Don't blame all of us conservative "deplorables".  U get bad peeps in every group. I'm Christian conserv & find find tis act evil/heinous!
Well said
@AynRandPaulRyan IT WAS PROBABLY DIRECTED AT DRUMPF...!! PEOPLE ARE TERRIFIED AND ITS COMING OUT AS ANGER... DONALD DRUMPF DID THIS!
@realDonaldTrump U have been 2 this museum If u gave press conference condemning racist xenophobic homophobic attacks u could have impact
We hope and pray you move away from Ken Jennings. What a horrible person. SICK. To say it is ok to do that to Barron? No way!
So what's gonna happen with this story when it turns out the person who did it is not a white heterosexual male of European descent?

Wow, really!! This is so sad.
there one problem several white men have been hung too. I will say that slavery was terrible, I think pictures tell it better.
im trying to figure out how they got theu security 
It was planted that's assuming it even happened. #FakeNews
I'm W/F conservative raised n the deep south and sickened by this hurtful act. No different than painting swatiskas on Jewish temples.
Kudos Mr. Bunch. What an awesome response to this terroristic, inhuman and despicable act of cowardice and hate. You're tops!
Racism and hate are, unfortunately, not "fake", but are real forces holding our society, our country, and the world hostage to ignorance.
It is a shame, deplorable that anyone can tilt the educational value of the museum.  This should be investigated as a terroristic threat.
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
This was an act of domestic terrorism. We must be clear about this. http://claudiaalick.blogspot.com/2015/06/domestic-terrorism-draft-1.html?m=1 …
#falseflagracism
This is sickening 
In this case the nature of the "fake" suggest that the real exist, therefore rise up, resist and oppose the implication, thought, & reality.
Dispicable.These R the vulnerable people that voted Trump.Have no appreciation 4 your ancestors that helped build this country.Most do⚘
Is anyone even remotely considering this was placed there for publicity purposes?
It doesn't mean that we are all psychopaths.
decent statement.  but call it Terrorism, because Jim Crow and KKK tactics always were.
Psychopaths are many shapes, sizes and colors.
Was the perpetrator white, black or of another race? Why is the assumption a white person. Many modern cases of blacks exacerbating racism.
"for" African Americans? AGAINST African Americans. It's symbol of violence FOR all of us. Including the violent white terrorists who use it
When will people wake up.
Wth is wrong with people.
It is a great Tragedy as @NMAAHC approaches its 1st anniversary,that the occasion is preceded by this icon of hatred. May we educate&inspire
That's  true
@IndivisibleTeam @ResistanceParty this is disgusting and is every decent citizens #fight.
@GOP @SenateDems actions have consequences, #45 is divisive & records show a high # of citizens accosted, abused & killed since 1/20/17NOW
I hope whoever did this is prosecuted for hate crimes! Enough is enough!
Love and prayers sent.  May justice prevail.  
Or burn the nooses while playing strange fruit
1 option, make the nooses part of a display to show contemporary racism, record the dates they were found, by whom, etc.
This is so incredibly sad
HOAX HOAX HOAX
We don't acknowledge the noose. That's not our history, that's their history, and a pretty sad one at that, for them and for you.
So very sorry. Disgusting. I hope u find out who did this.
Also, an announcement like this should also have come from the president
"Economic anxiety" strikes again.
About
That
Action
Though
?
Camera footage?
Any suspects yet or is this another Hoax to raise awareness?  Asking for a friend.
Wow! Really? This despicable!
Be careful who/what you invite into your house.
Racism, alive and thriving in this country's just hidden in dark ugly corners. With DT, is out in the open. I fear 4 my family all the time.
#Americanterrorism
Sounds like the noose needs to be accessioned as an artifact and kept for future reminders of the hate spread during @NMAAHC's early days.
exper another reason 4 #ItsBlackAmericansTurn check out my @facebook comment @KingJames racism vid @CNN @GMA https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10212583903734641&id=1295594818 …
Unbelievable that a person who went to the museum did this. I hope they catch whoever did this.
Lest we forget...
Someone suggested it become a part of an exhibit. Then and now.  I don't know
Anyone, of any color, could have left those. And whatever the motive is, it succeeds in manipulating public perception.
Put that thing on display and make this a teachable moment!
thetrump emboldens this racist behavior.
But, John Roberts declared racism officially over. 
Breaking: it's 2017 & yet as America here we still are. Thank you for your museum & trying to educate; can't wait to visit. @NMAAHC
I personally can't wait to visit!! My kids and I have a whole trip to D.C planned around our visit there in June! 
Unfortunately racism is alive and well in America
Maybe the museum should make it an exhibit to illustrate that exact point stated in the tweet
That is why your new T-Shirt is so important "I am not my Grandparents" signed these hands!
We must come up with a cure for this kind of hateful disease. Judea
But Kathys joke goes too far?
Racists Edomites(Whites) of America will be judged by God for its affliction on the children of God over a 400 year time span.
Guarantee this is another race hoax.
You should make it a permanent part of the museum as a symbol of America under a Trump administration... racism in 2017.
The noose goes both ways you know.
Museum should collect these nooses and open an exhibit. There's a reason why Auschwitz is still there.
Neanderthal genetic memory.
Will conservatives come down on this like they did Kathy Griffin?
Until Americans come to terms with their past racism will live on. The act must be called what it is - a hate crime of domestic terrorists
Why isn't trump saying anything about this? Don't tell me he's s racist (sarcasm)!!
Despicable! Wake up AMERICA whether white, yellow, black or red we are all humans and Americans.If we do not work as one we all fail.
What the actual fuck is wrong with these people?  A deplorable act of cowardice is right. ..Are there cameras in the museum?
How do we know it wasn't a black person who left the noose? Why is it automatically a white person?
Countdown begins for how long it takes this incident to make the list:

http://www.fakehatecrimes.org/ 
The finding of the noose in the museum is quite disturbing
#trumpeffect #racismrising
I cant believe this horrendous act toward another human. 
Perhaps don't give mentally disturbed people the attention they crave? Just a thought.
I want to believe that we'll eventually learn to soothe our fear and let others live in peace. But this makes me furious...and so sad. 
Thank you for the work you do, esp under these horrific circumstances. Sending love & support. #BLM
Stay "woke" & keep watch!
What an appalling act! Rest assured many stand shoulder to shoulder with you around the world!
@nealquillinan @SimonCorvan
No VIDEO SURVEILLANCE CAMERAS? You'd think after the first incident cameras would be a "necessity".
They most likely do and have turned over to the proper authorities.
greatest way to overcome evils intent is to determine to walk in love #nomatterwhat Love alone overcomes the hounds of hell that breed hate.
what?
I am devastated by such an action against folks doing such good work.  Being in the museum felt sacred to me. Nothing will change that.
Disgraceful act from a morally inferior human being
I am just sickened by this, and motivated even more to stand up for my African-American brothers and sisters. I am so sorry.
Yes the struggle continues.
Despicable and horrific. I am sad for those hurt by this hateful, cowardly act.
Well said.  Dr. Bunch has always been a class act.
Amen!!!
Hope this has made national news because it should. And I hope the person who did it is also shown and prosecuted. #hatecrimes #NMAAHC
No words
Also, what is the punshiment? For sure if this was any other place, we would all have HELL pay. Since it's us, we will bitch for a day then.
Despicable and hard to understand what motivates these people to feel such hate.
Okay thank you Lonnie. Nothing about who did this? Please don't tell me, no one knows who did this horrible act? To many cameras not to know
OMG!! where is The WHITEY History museum??
"Being Black in America is tough..."
@realDonaldTrump has enabled this behavior and is guilty of promoting hate. This makes him unfit to be President AND parent. #AMJoy @cnn
Just so sorry you have to deal with this.
Very well said.
so true well said.
And a stark reminder of the new HATE that is being populated under the new regime
$100 it was a hoax.  Who in the hell could get in there and do that?  I imagine it was a curator at the museum.
http://fakehatecrimes.org/ 
Wow! smdh
BUY SOME CAMERAS ALREADY!!!!!!WTF is in charge of security? They need to be fired ASAP!
This is so sad. It is the effect of bad leadership in our country.  We will come out of this time better and stronger as a people. Resist!
A cowardly and depraved act indeed. Too many would rather cling to a fabricated past than confront our historic embrace of white supremacy.
45 minions
has anyone asked Jeff Sessions where he was when the noose appeared?
Bad thing is, it was planned. You don't just walk into this museum.  You have to have a ticket or try the day of to get one. Sick.
get law enforcement to look at the cameras and catch this creep.
And Trump will stay silent on this, just as he did on the Portland crimes.. doesn't fit his agenda
This is very sad. Our leaders need to condemn these types of hateful acts.
@cher @Rosie just horribleness @100prayingwomen @JoyAnnReid @GeorgeTakei
@realDonaldTrump You have a duty to speak out against this disgraceful conduct. Act Presidential.
