Trump admin pushing irrational paranoid personal agenda & offensive "My Generals" sounds like words of a want 2b dictator @PentagonPresSec
Trump admin continues to disgrace USA & all those who serve in #USArmedForces
I'm British & can't believe how much Trump is embarrassing the U. S. Around the world... He's a joke!
Yeah I'm UK too and stand astonished at what has happened on the other side of the pond. USA, we await ur return to grace.
Believe me. We feel same way
I can imagine  From here it's like watching a bad reality show. You guys are living in it
Everyday I have to hear / read the weird Trump supporters or the crazed haters of Trump. It's exhausting
Sorry Creepy Joe, you have ZERO power and America is rejecting your polarizing liberal policies.
You and Obama put this country through enough pain. We know you don't like President Trump, but you WILL respect him and the office.
Good luck with that. 
If only Trump would respect the office.
Exactly! Trump has done so much to disrespect the office we will have to cleanse it when he leaves!
At this rate the only sure way to remove the taint of Trump will be with fire. The next incumbent will have charcoal decor
Lol

My grandpa fudged an eye test, w/ the help of recruiters, to serve during WWII. Shame on anyone trying to push people away.
Same for my dad who was color blind.
Same for my dad who is blind in one eye and has to wear a lift in one shoe.
Thank you to your family members for their service.
Same w my dad, who couldn't type
Same with my dad who was blind and only had 3 toes
lol! Yes!!!!
Send for my dad who had flat feet. (I still don't get the flat feet issue. But hey I don't run the military, some strange, orange man does).
Joe, you should run for 2020. You'd win.
Please.  For America.  Run.
What America? This country is dying.
And I'm starting to hope there is a DNR order.
LOVE the updated Nero reference! Good one!
@JoeBiden Absolutely true.  Here's a graphic of that tweet, if you want it further emphasized.
That just it, they are not qualified. They are more concerned with getting free healthcare and surgeries than protecting this country.
Did you talk to them all? Must have taken you a long time, Becky
Becky with the shit hair.

Who let grandma on twitter
I wish I could like this tweet more than once
What did trump do this time? (Asked a Kenyan)
Banned transgendered people from serving in the military
This same dude???
Yep. The very same.

This is how I feel every morning when I see headlines
The new patch for scouts to avoid serving like 45
Love you Uncle Joe.
When he had a Pres & VP who had time to do their jobs instead of dividing the country & going after min groups..
America misses you.  <3
Not only America.
Obama's first op as Commander in Chief was rescuing Capt Phillips

1st #TrumpFAIL was Yemen raid that slaughtered 9 kids and SEAL Ryan Owens
. America misses you, Joe!
The best, ever!
Not like they colluded with the Russians to influence an election, oh yeah the real traitors that are in the white house did that
I'm in!
They never really said either way, the FBI does not like to comment on investigations underway.  That's why Muller is not talking about it
I served in #DesertStorm with known gay soldiers as well. And they did their job and served their country. This is a travesty.
The president "mr bonespurnotbraveheart" whom never served...tweets bs again.
BoneSpur Bob
Also thanks for the heads up on McCain. I read up a bit not just sound bites. I hope he means it but giving what he gave, I will trust.

A five-time draft-dodger who said avoiding STDs was his own "personal Vietnam" will now hold forth on what's best for the military. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/890196164313833472 …
Yup... T's don't belong anymore than boys in girl scouts
Someone didn't read the tweet properly. He's talking about Trump not Biden.
they can't read
they can't think
Why, B cause we don't agree with U? How tolerant U R!
No, "B cause U R" in your 60s yet spell like a 12 year old texting while trying to figure out the meaning of the word tolerant.
We miss you everyday 
No we don't
Yes we do bonehead.
Nope. Not even a little
Might use a dictionary to find the definition of "all" sir. Perhaps "a few", or even "some", but, despite what u think, u do not speak 4 all
Nope. You're wrong. I spoke with everyone and  said they miss him very much.
I would trust a transgender military serve person to guard my back.  I would NEVER trust @realDonaldTrump.  He is quick to toss people aside
he's someone who will use everyone as a shield,crouching in a corner&when everything is over comes out&says he's a hero
Biden for President 2020?!
Biden/Harris
We need you, Joe
Preach. 
there's 535 *patriotic* Americans in congress right now, they should be shipped out, pronto!
they would have their private security doing that bit, haha.

I miss you. We miss you.
These gifs are pissing me off

Oh my god...supernatural gif....too good 
The good ole days
I miss them both so much..
Clearly if ur transgender ur not qualified to serve... Since the military doesn't have the facilities to support them.
Jesus Christ why didn't you run in 2016 and save us from this?
To be fair, he was still grieving his son. Don't blame him. But wish he had.
Help us Joe Bidenwan. You're our only hope.
Please run joe, u got my vote!
I agree Joe!! If someone is willing to sign up and serve I don't care if they purple and green! I'm thankful to all of them!
I'm a grown-ass man, Mr. Vice President, but I'd very much like you to be my dad.

I speak up for all victims of injustice. However, THIS argument pertains to the transgender community; intolerance and hate.
He's Hitler reincarnated.
God we miss you Joe!!!
Where have you gone, Joe DiMaggio? Our nation turns it's lonely eyes to you, woo woo woo!
and only people who are qualified should be President
No, Joe. The military will not be a loophole to provide for those wishing for government/taxpayer funded trans operations & hormone therapy.
always knew there was a reason country music sucks. its made exclusively by bigotty aholes.
Bigotry is the definition of a disagreeing liberal minded individual.  If you don't agree with them you are ridiculed and hated endlessly.
I have no issue with your views until they detrimentally impact the lives of others, then your views can take a long walk off a short plank.
The military is not a social experiment, or a right.  You can be disqualified for a multitude of reasons.
Legitimate reasons. Reasons that mean you are a danger to yourself and others on the front. How do transgender fit into that category?
We love you, Sir. We need you, Sir.
Wish he would have run last year.
YES! And I wish he would run next - but only if it is what he & his family feels is right.
uncle joe 2020. hashtag.
I'd have this man be my president for the rest of my days @JoeBiden
if for nothing else other than the endless supply of memes and smiles.
You made someone proud again#RIPMajorBeauBiden
WE MISS YOU JOE
Well said! Thank you, Joe.
I stand with my transgender family. Moreso, I will fight with everything I have against Trump's hateful, shameful and un-American agenda
Post surgery only
Bottom line, if you are willing to serve, that should be good enough.
The four transgender people I know have mixed feelings. All four think post surgery is ideal and one actually joined. She kicks ass
In an alternate reality, Joe Biden is President and every American is required to wear sunglasses, because that universe is super cool. 
We love you Joe! 
       
THEN THEY CAME FOR ME

At this point I think Eric ,Don Jr and ivanka should have to take the places of three transgender service people trump kicks out of service
Hold your breath Kelly, the coward jr just shoots defenseless animals!!!
Oh I know the don Jr king of the canned hunt! All total wusses those trump men !
LOUDER FOR THE PPL IN THE BACK
Yes your right. Here's their boot camp
If you're not Marc Repace I don't want you serving my country
We need your wisdom Joe! America is being held hostage by a lunatic.
love you. miss you. come back. 
The military shouldn't waste their money paying for sex change surgeries and the hormones they have to take. Sorry your feelings are hurt.
Thank you for continuing to advocate for ALL Americans, Mr. Vice-President. We still need you!
Joe, what's happened to America? This is comic book villainy.
And the two-faced con artist strikes again.
Trump the liar
RIGHT ON JOE!! 
SJW much?
You're an idiot if you think that is an insult.
Not an insult. Defensive much? Just see a lot more of this than comics or other references.
So what? My twitter account means I can say what I want. I'm not bound by any genre.
Nobody cares about my opinion, image, or career. Can you say the same?
Honestly, I'm amazed you even responded to this nobody from nowhere. I like comics related things, lean conservative, and have no following
@JoeBiden @JoeBiden @JoeBiden.
I love you
Well if this is in reference to transgender people....then they are no longer qualified, so I side with Joe.
Get off my mentions 
I agree, the key word is qualified.
Agreed. I'm not sure why there are so many people trying to impose their own views and morals onto others.
They are nothing but right fighters. They only care about being right. It's sad.
The military doesn't serve you. You serve the military. We don't adapt to the desires of civilization or their feelings.

WHY AREN'T YOU OUR PRESIDENT I MISS YOU JOE!!!!!!
You really wouldn't think this needs stating.
The fact that it does is a shame.
And every American capable of working SHOULD work!
What's next? #DontAskDontTell coming back? Is he going to stop women from serving? Wake up AMERICA.
This wouldn't be an issue if you just ran for president.
@anthony_juoni besides Trannys
Evry1:1yr nat srvc;3yrs for GovPaid http://Assoc.degree/TechCert,5yrs  for BA/BS,7yrs for MA/MS,8yrs PhD,10yrs for Dr.Medicin,12yrs for Dr+1Specialty.
8yrs pres&vp,Obama&you couldve passed nat srvc-education deal w/ penstrokeEO if Obama&you werent busy fund/serv sharialaw_terrorism  groups.

@FBI 2006 I Wrote My X Sen.Joe Biden about #VA #MentalHealth #MedicalAbuse #PersonalityDisorder Discharged #Vets&He Didn't Reply=Swept Under

@BillieBakhshi Amen, Ms. Bakhshi... Heads up, Mr. Biden.
TY JOE , WE LOVE U ! KEEP IT COMING *
Pls come back.....
Shut up Joe
2020 right around the corner, sir. just saying.
that harris chick has some good vp ideas, too :)
Bullshit
Realize that yes people want to change and be different it's who they are and who they are meant to be don't take that away from them
This is the America I used to live in ....6 months ago !!
Miss you Joe!
@camerinfite Qualified. Key word is qualified. To be qualified you can't have a history of mental illness.
Nope

You're still a council member for indio? Funny how accessible you are all of a sudden but not when I was making phone calls two years ago
Isn't this you?
And every politician should consider the ones who are brave enough to fight the battles you make shouldn't end up homeless

A young man was attacked with a K-9 and tasered after he was stopped by police while mowing lawns. 
Trans or not
Sure, Joe ... send these kids off to be killed for other countries' resources.
Thank you Mr. President....to be
Did u forget that people with mental health issues aren't qualified which meams trans people arent. Its a mental problem sorry but not sorry
Wtf DJT U da man yet NEVER DIS @JOEBIDEN DUH!
even those with bone spurs
Being patriotic isn't enough.  There are high standards & professional norms which are critical to readiness & combat success of US military
Says a guy who never served a day in his life
Except if you have bone spurs @realDonaldTrump not getting an STD (according to Trump) was Trump's Viet Nam @SenJohnMcCain
Qualified. Let that sit here for a moment......

Health and fitness standards. #Trans have NEVER met that standard. Obama simply shifted it.
Even though trump ain't all that good but he has some morality goals and I respect him for that.
I
but not according to your President - so what are you guys going to do about this`?
Qualified -key word
Stop that patriotic bullshit. Society is just now learning the positives and negatives of gender confusion for a lack of better education.
Would that include a person with a tattoo of a little confederate flag? #TransRightsAreHumanRights
Key words being "who is qualified." This doesn't really say anything different than any other politicians people.
And war is often the choice...of the ones who dont have to fight...
Wronggggg
Including you and trump
You get the respect you give.
We miss you guys so much, it is painful! Heckle the heck out of him, his idiotic responses will lead to an earlier downfall!
you spelled fool wrong sir
@JoeBiden you must hold a news conference and get in front of the media ...
God Bless You Joe. You're the leader we need.
I'm Icelandic. I've worked everywhere. Many friends are all over the spectrum and serving. You said it. They will never give up. Full stop.
Love you! JOE
Run for president
We need partriotic Americans who are Not confused about who they are Joe!...serving the military..let's be honest Joe Biden..L-Rd help us
Pray tell, what is YOUR definition of qualified? As I remember you DID NOT SERVE!
Unless you're a pilot who missed a 10yo color vision test by 1pt once in 5 times..
All quilified should serve. A country's safety should not depend on patriotism. Full stop
A veterans opinion vs a draft dodger.
Every patriotic soldier should think long and hard if what theyre fighting for is just or if theyre just following orders blindly.
CRY ME A RIVER
So like, every patriotic American who passes fitness tests and doesn't have a physical or mental disability??
The problem is transgender people are mentally incabable because of their mental illness
Problem is they go in so govt pays for their sex change operation
We shall overcome
@realDonaldTrump
Yes and yes. Every American should be able serve our country if she/he is qualified. Gender should not be an issue-PERIOD!!
If the APA classifies gender dysphoria as a mental illness, transgender people shouldn't be serving in high-stress/combat zones. Period.
We miss your leadership and your deep respect and passion with which you served the American people. You are greatly missed! @JoeBiden
Joe, I love you.
Shut up, Joe
Qualified is the key word.   A warrior should not have to chose which bathroom to use.   They are clearly marked.
Unfortunately Mr. Biden!!! The rest of the country doesn't share those sentiments!!
Does that include @realDonaldTrump hangnail man?
PATRIOTISM GETS A LOT OF PEOPLE KILLED. YOU LOT NEED TO WORK ON THAT NATION AS GOD THING.
Patriots should not join to have sex change on U S Taxpayers money .  Full Stop Joe!
I ain't serving nothing but this dick Bruh
Run for president
You got that right.
and they should have full rights as well as LGBTQ . As long as we separate this bs will continue #equality
Totally agree
With one vote the Maverick put small hands Donald in the little boy chair!!
Every American who is qualified should serve the country some way for a period of time, either in the military or some other capacity.
If you really wanted to be a different person then expect to be treated differently
Love you Uncle Joe!
JOE BIDEN IS CORRECT
UNFORTUNATELY WE WILL CANCEL ALL WARRRS
Yea so we can end up in another dumb ass war like Vietnam. What year did you go in Joe? Oh yea ' flunked the physical due to asthma.'
Wouldn't be in this mess had you run for POTUS instead of that criminal, Clinton. #foodforthought
JOE BIDEN IS ... SECRETLY GAY!  AND WANT TO BE A WOMAN!  He doesn't feel like a man.  he feels like a woman on the inside!
Every sucker who wants to die for billionaire's interests should be allowed to
We miss you Joe!
What a stupid argument. Will you allow a handicapped? Only able bodied need to serve. It is not a charitable organization for anyone to join
Here's a scout badge for trump from us Brits #yourwelcome  #equalrights
I feel like I am a bad!!!! Movie. Thank you for the whole military for your bravness and loyalty to your country. " BE PROUD OF WHO YOU ARE" – at DATTCO
Joe Biden is the biggest joke on this planet along with his companion Obama. Worlds biggest jokers right there everyone. 
Miss ya Joe
we miss u joe
Miss you Joe! Omg! How we miss you & Barack! A Nation turns it's lowly eyes to you!
Interesting wording considering transgenders aren't qualified, don't meet standards of medical fitness.
Qualified.
THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!
That's right!!!
Everyone should have equal rights to kill and be killed carrying out the u.s. imperial agenda!
OML people this is roughly 10,000 people are we really freaking out about this.
But transgender people are not qualified, that's where the issue is.
what if their conscience doesn't allow it?
I'm an Trans person and we have already fought so hard to be ourselves that before some of us join up to serve we r warriors#Idiottrump
@TheTodayShow so glad I have you guys to watch in the morning. Big hats off to those behind the scenes. Together it's a perfect show
Damn straight,if you feel strongly enough about our country to put your life on the line, I don't care what sex you identify with.
See the thing is if you under go your transition while in the military you are automatically undeployable for 4 years
Have you looked into doing that Carter?
No I just do some research to probe these damn libtards wrong
@realDonaldTrump We don't need mentally unstable chics with dicks in our military & I'm sure our soldiers would agree. Creepy Libtard Joe
Have they really been serving for decades? Chics with dicks? I did not serve but I wouldn't with a lunatic freak beside me.
"Qualified" is the key word here. Paying for sex change surgery and a resulting leave of absence for many wannabes is self serving!
I'm under no impression that any associated military benefit would pay for a sex change. They don't buy boob jobs. In fact no way
Do you not know the military budget includes money for the transgenders for sex change surgery and recovery and hormone therapy?
I absolutely did not. So they are allowed to cover elective surgeries such as facelifts etc?
Just research on the internet "transgender military medical benefits." Lots of info to review.
Except those with a long list of medical issues, this major  , well documented mental illness as one example.
Agreed. Ppl with severe mental illnesses HAVE been kept out of the military. Ironically, even Nobama opposed this for most of his presidency
Severe would be defined by cutting off your genitals and having a suicide rate 300% higher than any other mental illness #factsarehard
You should read @benshapiro Myths of transgenders in the military. Excellent.
Well now the "president" has made them unqualified... because they are mentally ill, my brother who serves is very happy about this.
Trump supports TELLING people what to do, you guys reeeeeeeeeally hate anything to do with human rights/freedom. You guys are such burdens.
Thank you Sir! Agree 110%!!

