How sad it is to think how far we've strayed since his tragic loss in 1963.
Because of the 68 election.  Bobby murdered.  Nixon wins.  That'll put a damper on things.  Nixon started the mistrust in government for us
I am 68, was in college in 1968, could not vote, yet, until 1970. Sat up studying that Tuesday to watch the California returns.  Listened
I remember.  I was only 10 but,  I lived in a suburb of Washington then,  MLK had been murdered. People were burning D.C. to the ground
Oour mayor walked the streets of Cleveland to keep the peace.   Cleveland had their riots in 1966.  Could see the flames from our porch!!
The Washington riots were in April 1968 when MLK was murdered.  Bobby Kennedy saved the day.  Sad, scary time!
The most inspiring President ever to take office. Even Obama, a great speaker in his own right, can't hold a candle to him. Such potential,…
I believe Obama held a candle to him.  In those times Kenedy was more beloved.  Americans maybe can't have that feeling for potus now!  Sad
The antipathy of Right v Left has been stoked to obscure the real battle of Rich v Poor. Trump's victory installed a plutocratic oligarchy.
Well,  don't worry cause that plutocratic oligarchy is going out the f-ing window!  This reign of Trump's is coming to an end!
This is who I believe we are, what we stand for, and what we reach to. This Trump thing is a reminder of how we can't take it for granted
This Trump thing is to remind us to get our ass out and vote!  Know,  research who you're voting for!  OUR BIGGEST POWER IS OUR VOTE!
You are right
Just think if ppl had really researched Trump,  the ones with a brain wouldn't have voted for him,  Hillary would be,  we would be at peace!
His finest hour: when he didn't listen to the generals who told him to invade Cuba. We, all of us, have JFK to thank for choosing diplomacy
We have him to thank for not allowing Kruschev to use nuclear weapons . How different if Jack & Bobby had lived.  We wouldn't know Nixon!
Nixon had his secret plan end the war in Vietnam, & Trump's secret plan to end ISIS remains secret.
Trump isn't smart enough to have a plan to defeat ISIS! You give him too much credit!  Nixon was crazy but, good at foreign policy. Big diff
I give DT no credit. Neither do I give Nix much credit for his Vietnam and Cambodia escapades. We the people should be wary of secret plans
Yes he did. I believe he would have been a conservative today. God rest his soul.
No he wouldn't!  Why the hell would Kennedy become a Republican?  What an insult.  Leave the dead in peace lady.  Good god, that's crazy!
Heard it on CNN
No you didn't.  Stop.
What a difference between JFK & DJT!
DJT doesn't belong in the same sentence as
John F Kennedy!  I wouldn't sully Jack's name!
That's right! Drink that kool aid girl!
And isn't it so ironic that after a 100 years the USA now suffers under a disfunctional WH & @POTUS #whathavewelearned
JFK brought us to brink of extinction in Cuba, and was a philanderer in and out of the White House as President,  knew how to Talk the talk
JFK brought us BACK from the brink of extinction over Cuba-- something Trump could never do.
Still was a philanderer , making Clinton as a choir boy
Trump is a philanderer as well. And your point is.....?
I was not comparing you were...... my point is none should have been President
Fight for the Republic my fellow American Resistance! Don't get weary. We r called to do what we can for our country. It is time!
failing on all counts very very biggly
If we don't come together Trump will win again  and with that comes  thereafter of the republicans
Aquí se le puede ver retratado delante de el rosco de pasapalabra.
And he's spinning in his grave at all this. Obama seemed like closest thing my generation had since Kennedy. DT trying to erase his legacy
BLESSINGS  TO GREAT  KENNEDY  FAMILY ! 
@LukaszukAB kind of what Trump is saying now
most over-rated president in history.
And left a group of Cuban exiles to die at Bay of Pigs.  Stop glorifying this inept president.

Shame couldn't get more of what he was saying.  Such a public servant. That's how he thought of himself. You think Trump thinks he's servant
and for smaller gov
and showed us the "right" way to do nepotism.
#MemorialDay17 
Those were the good old days! When Presidents were educated on how government works. They stood for what was right for all!
The only reason he was a good president is because he lost his life.. He was a womanizing crooked man!
He too rests at Arlington.
I was a teenager and so inspired by JFK. Always loved to listen to him speak. Felt the same way about Obama. How things have changed!!
Same here! Except Kennedy knew how to work the back rooms and Obama didnt-- to his detriment. I miss both of them!
DID HE INSPIRE CLINTON TO BE A PHILANDERER AND A CHEAT?
What do you care about JFK or WJC? What kind of man are you Darren? Yeah I'm sure you're perfect.  Ppl like you never learn. Say bye to DJT!
But you see lil' Davey, the Dems don't care about 70% of the citizenry, most of those the taxpayers. Keep playing that card, Dummy.
We need another Jack Kennedy now
A potentially very good president, also not the saint that America wishes he was. I like AX  but don't agree with the sentiment.
ask not . . .!
And how to bang Marilyn behind Jackie's back!
I am lucky enough to share this birthday with him 46 years apart!
Pres. Kennedy is rolling over in his grave. It's hard to keep hope: EPA DOA, National Monuments eroded & no thing as Climate Change.
Imperfect, yet perfectly admirable, quotable, respected and loved around the world.
It is a trait we have lost the idea that we are all in this together now we seem to believe in every one for themselves God help us
Did you message this to that hack Paul Ryan? Remind him of something or someone he will never be.
I'm so sorry for what we've done, Jack.
What we can do for our country in honor of his 100 birthday is take our country back from traitors
"If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich."
 A great man not without his failings, like all of us.  May he continue to rest in eternal peace. 
"..pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty"
Remembering that civility is not a sign of weakness , but sincerity is always subject to proof! jFK inaugural
He asked & people served this country in many ways. A man with a true vision for this country
Intelligence, courage, vision, & class of JFK & Obama families & admin's vs Trump’s Beverly Hillbillies of grotesque cockroaches-karma baby
What a life he had! Even before becoming President he had done more than people twice his age today. Work ethic-a vanishing thing
It didn't end well for the good guy and it's not gonna end well for the bad guy 100 years later! ☆
Tragically, the current Administration believes the Exact Opposite...
Yes. Also, my dad's birthday today. He would have been 90. I miss him every day.
Let's hope more ppl remember that and throw the idiot in charge of USA now out b4 he & his cult do irreparable harm to the USA & the world
A TRUE AMERICAN PRESIDENT!
YES,President Kennedy INSPIRED to believe in ones self. President Kennedy sadly missed and how the world could do with such a great leader.
Yes, he encouraged us to give it to our country, no take all we can from it. An unknown concept these days.
Rage against the dying of the light
So why has CNN dubbed over JFK's famous inaugural speech in their ad for their special? Ask not what America can do for you?? Not sure why?
One of the worst presidents in American history. Please stop.
Can you send this to @realDonaldTrump
But there has been an organized effort to define him by his affairs & to diminish him by the  origin of his father's fortune.
"Ask not what your country can do for you. Ask what you can do for your country."
Many of you don't know who John Kennedy was.  All you know is the womanizer.  That's between him and his wife.  Before you reply read!
So good, USA had to get rid of him.
JFK stood up to the Russians and made us proud to be Americans.  What a contrast to Trump!
I guess 3 time married,  puss grabbing,  socially unacceptable Trump is better than JFK?  You can't be that sick.  Don't get on here and B U
Now here's a picture of a real President!  A good man got his brains blown out for it.  A man like Trump. Ugh. Only the good die young!
When we had real Democrats and not liberals
Yes
Can we reanimate him?
Hard to imagine that if history had been different, you could have been alive today.
JFK was a leader!  Our current POTUS is an embarrassment to office to which he was elected.  This nation will overcome this nightmare!
Profile of Courage vs Donald Madoff
"Ask not what your country can do for you.  Ask what YOU can do for your country."  Completely foreign concept to our current "president".
An immortal line. Has stayed with me since I first heard him speak it. Had no idea how truly important those words are. Until now.
Luke 2:7 ... because there was no guest room available for them.
his big left toe, could lead the country 
better, than what we have now...
#moon now #mars
John F. Kennedy, whose 100th birthday is today, endures because of the majesty and power of his words.
He'd be a Republican by today's standards!
Thankful for his founding of the @PeaceCorps and making my service possible
While JFK was inspiring the media protected his flaws. The kept all of his personal dalliances and failures secret.
Not a chance.
He would have evolved like everybody else but GOP.
can you imagine how he would have held up to the media's scrutiny on Russia, the mob, etc?  Your hero!
This is when I turned into a Democrat.
JFK WOULD BE A REPUBLICAN TODAY:

"MY FELLOW AMERICANS, ASK NOT WHAT YOUR COUNTRY CAN DO FOR YOU, ASK WHAT YOU CAN DO FOR YOUR COUNTRY."
Jack Kennedy had his faults as a person, but he was an avid reader who learned from history.  Heroic, hopeful, positive.
He was a womanizer.  That between him and Jackie.  He was a good,  caring POTUS..
Unfortunately it appears we have rejected both aspirations.
Yes!
Sounds like a Republican
The obligation part of JFK's message has been lost in our public discourse.
And that if you even touch into the interests of the real elite, you will pay, even if you are President.
I hope everyone watches the special on @CNN tonight and reflect on what the possibilities really are and revive hope for the world
and don't forget it's also Memorial Day.
A student of history, a leader with brains, now we are in the swamp with Trump
He also taught us how to use drugs and what a nuclear war would be like. He made cheating on your wife a fun thing for everybody.What a guy!
The press protected him carefully.
Your obligation is to spend time to make your country better not waste time bitching about the president
I had to read that twice. But u are right
Not Trump ... he inspires no one ... sad old man ...
He also believed in tax cuts, last Dem POTUS to do it.
Yeah it's pretty crazy cause he did it as a sort of experiment & the GDP skyrocketed to 5%
Context matters. 1950s tax rates were rather bizarre for many reasons. Very diff than today when we've had 30 straight years of tax cuts.
Went in reverse since then? Glad we're winning now?
Is that a joke?  We're winning what dude?  I can only hope you're being sarcastic 
 cause,  this ain't winning Charlie Sheen!
American patriots don't do things "because they are easy"; we take on challenges and win "because they are hard!" Happy Bornday JFK!
