Proves Trump lied again and Boy Scouts should give a statement saying that President Obama did address the scouts during his presidency.

Obama's 2010 speech was about the #BSA  Not crowd size, the election, his opponent, his predecessor, his agenda, himself. Just the BSA.
Done via video, since he skipped the Jamboree to tape an episode of "The View." Good point though.
He told them months in advance & honored them and their mission rather than making it all about him...& zero intro to orgy stories...
Huh? He took so much heat from liberals who opposed BSA's exclusion of gays & atheists, that he refused to show up as a rebuke...bottom line
And yet, somehow managed to give them a speech that was congratulatory and uplifting rather than a self-serving political rally. Hmmm  ... 
I love Pete's work. Now it makes me wonder when and how are we going to get out of this mess.
All hope rests on impeachment of the whole administration. We can't forget to sweep Pence out with the rest.
Please make them all go away!
What a nasty thing to ask young kids to do! Obama is not a bad person at all
Thank you
@BurrellKaye   PRESIDENT OBAMA WOULD NEVER HAVE SPREAD HATE TO BOY SCOTTS!! GOD HELP AMERICA GET RID OF TRUMP! "ENOUGHT IS ENOUGHT"
now u have time to show love
Who knew @PeteSouza would become even more valuable of a goddamn national treasure *after* Obama left office??
Inspiring hope, not engendering division. I miss @BarackObama and the pride he instilled in our nation.
Or anything else STUPID & PETTY!!!
Not only did that kid shake hands with the president, but The. President. Looks. Like. Him. My America.
That little boy saw what he could become in Obama. I pray that the @boyscouts that heard Trump today don't feel the same way.
They were booing and cheering at his behest. It's a sickening development in a series of sickening developments. Indoctrination of children
This is what Presidential is about respect and dignity of the office humbled by the visit of a boy scout taking a moment it's all lost now
God how I miss having a true president.
Come back Obama! We miss you and need you.
the Internet is the most depressing place on earth.
On other important hand, internet has shown facts in living color & in real time untold times, over & over again. #25thamendmenthnow
I am crying looking at this wonderful image and realizing how far we have fallen.
I'm all teared up as well ... I feel emotionally raw, like I've been in mourning for the last 6 months.
I never realized this was possible ... that I could feel so lost, without the comfort & strength of someone I'd never even met in person. 
Beautiful
The Class and care that Obama brought to the presidency. Now it's trash and scare that exists under Trump. I cannot wait until he is tossed.
Once we had a real leader in the White House.....remembering the good ole days.
I love Obama and all that he stood for. Common sense, decency, dignity & truth
He had a warm heart & kind words for all 
I sure miss him 
Miss him more and more our country is derailed by the madman at the helm..
https://twitter.com/ajplus/status/890393045228584960 … @NAACP @OfficialCBC
A young man was attacked with a K-9 and tasered after he was stopped by police while mowing lawns. 
DNC caption...As a white nationalist looks on
Add this
Back when a President acted Presidential, instead like a self-indulgent reality television star. To think, that was only seven months ago.
A real President of the United States.
.Remember that time the Obamas had the Girl scouts camped out on their lawn & they roasted marshmallows & not people like sane fun adults?
And introduced his wife is being a man to them
No one will EVER look at the current POTUS this way-in any context.
when the motion of a finger captures the emotion of millions....
@Political_5000 @PeteSouza class act
#Obama is a man with a conscience, I cannot imagine he would ever have compromised his position like the fool #Trump has.
Pete Souza much respect for you. Please keep those wonderful images coming.
This is so beautiful
Call the Scouts and let them know how you feel about the disrespect shown. 972-580-2000
Thanks! I will!
Thank you Pete, Brad - proud to have this man speak to our children...not narcissist @realDonaldTrump who treated jamboree as campaign rally
Arrrrgghhhhhhhh!
Right?
He's just undiagnosed Narcissistic Personality Disorder
Unfortunately, a reasonable response to nearly all of those bullet points is: 

"But he *was* elected president of the United States"
That's the danger of mal-diagnosis & living with #mentalhealth disorder. Affluence & machismo allowed him to mask it to gullible #Americans
A picture more eloquent than any words.
A Boy Scout and a "Gentleman"
@realDonaldTrump  Real men respect and cherish children!
I so miss Obama... @realDonaldTrump
Or saying "hell" in front of them.
I DETEST Donald Trump with every fiber of my being - not as a President, but just as a human being. I would spit on him...
I'm curious, how can @petesouza use USG images for IG? I understand he took the pictures, but it was in an official capacity. Public domain?
@boyscouts there is NO Honor in booing a former Boy Scout and President of the USA. #Appologize
Loving how he trolls Trump!
One small picture says a lot!  President Obama: "Class"
@Michael36776349
and the sailor waiting is anxious to meet our president
This is so special
Lord Baden Powell & Green Bar Bill wept
@robynlyn2016


Class isn't based on how much money you have or bragging other people's work thus claiming it for themselves. I'm embarrassed for home SMH
The innocence of a child
I wish Obama were back in office! After witnessing that idiot stand b4 those scouts and say those inappropriate things, I just want 2 yell!
#Micdrop
We are living in a terrible nightmare. I miss Obama.
U can tell @realDonaldTrump was NEVER a @boyscouts; he was 2 DISRESPECTFUL & IMMORAL 2 those scouts! Loyalty requires respect, also.
Our hearts leaped up seeing President Obama sharing an incredible moment with a young scout.  Memories won't keep us safe....what will.....?
Just saw this. a perfect example of Obama always there for op, couldn't find one day in 8 years to address the annual conference.
Classy @petesouza tells the #TRUTH with him images. He's *my* hero.
A True Hero
I want our real President back. Some other country can have the FAKE one....
Good God, how far we've fallen. What a tragedy.
Meant to say notice how how are only pictures are from Russians now in the White House.
Line still busy
Obama was a great president and Trump's only agenda is to destroy everything Obama created, that's it.
To all Trumpites who say this was a photo op ask the White House photographer during Obama's time. Notice how we don't have Russians now.
Hmm 
I mean that's a cub scout, but still, yeah.
Too bad, if he had, he might have inspired the boy to do something great.
Thank U. This cleansed my brain from yesterday's obscenity.
This Explorer Scout is concerned...
This photo makes me appreciate what I had...and incites me to want to keep fighting for it!  God bless you @POTUS44  Thx for the share Pete
A true leader
They have black kids in the boy scouts? You sure wouldn't know it in the Tump administration...
They should not be exposed to Trump, he is just not their role model, I hope they won't grow up as a bully or sexual predators!
What a great pic! 
#POTUS44 -A REAL role model
We miss you President Obama!
Obama 
Beautiful pic. Beautiful boy. His expression says a 1000 words.
#SAD
@realdonaldtrump hurt himself badly w/ speech. He angered Boy Scout parents. Even supporters see how wrong it was. Maybe THE turning point
This makes me cry. I'm bereft at how fast and how far we've fallen into the abyss. I'm scared and angry about how far we will go.
^ How a REAL president talks to the Boy Scouts...
Unlike Trump, Obama WAS a boy scout.
King George has returned
We have fallen back under King George.
America much stand up against this autocratic administration and vote them  out  of office. We must return to our democracy
All Americans has to vote in 2018 and all local elections unless you want an autocratic government.
Turning kids into Hitler style up bring is cruel
How cruel can anyone be? The animal kingdom is better. Boy Scouts are the future of America.
Invaluable that little kids have a decent male role model like this.
When a boy had a hero to look up to. Now it's just forced cheering they look forward to.
This is how a president should behave.
@boyscouts As a scout & uncle of an Eagle Scout, I'm appalled by the behavior of @realDonaldTrump it does not represent the #BSA I grew up
@boyscouts What are you tRUMP's Hitlerjugend now? #America #Trump
Pete Souza is brilliant
One POTUS knew that meeting a Boy Scout was about the scout. Another didn't understand that.
Look at the decency in all 3 of them.
Oh God!  I miss him!
@realDonaldTrump  A REAL Boy Scout
Now there is class and humility! What a refreshing picture
My guess is the 45's Eagle Scout congratulaion letters will be about ACA repeal and Russia fake news.

And he'll charge for them
This is so bittersweet.  I'm longing for the days when we had a president who we could be proud of...and who was a role model.
@boyscouts This is a President, remember? Mob Boss @realDonaldTrump



Love following @PeteSouza n Instagram. Brilliant.
@realDonaldTrump Take a lesson from a real president....
Of the 12 attributes sighted in the Boy Scout Pledge, Trump is only 1. Thirty. He's as cheap as his Chinese made ties.
Look at that precious boy's face!  And the scout's too! 
Brings me to tears. God, I miss this man.
This beautiful photo made me cry. Reality is surreal at present, but these photos remind me of what the US can be. Thank you, Mr. Souza.
WOW -- what a role model.  Thank You @BarackObama for 8 yrs. of peace & decency!
So many of you are speaking for me, just as this photo does!
p
What real president would speak of such things when given the opportunity to address young men?
I love these !
70 years from now, this is the moment this kid will still be talking about
If he was a woman every dude on Insta would be like "actually, that's a Cub Scout uniform".
Trump and the fact the Boy Scouts booed a former president and a former candidate disgrace.  Trump just took the Boy Scouts down
This photo is what a President should look like&act like with scouts.djt is giving Obama a much bigger legacy,Obama is everything djt isnt!
The Midshipman in the background is my favorite part.
Trump is so inappropriate...that speach alone should turn people off! My dad was a scout leader in 50s. Think they focused on the boys.
I miss decency
How cute is this?  
Good morning @realDonaldTrump .. here's a pic of a true American President..
what you're lookin@ is a leader, quietly & deliberately using his vision & wisdom to take a stand & cut a path:sigh
Moving, this photo makes me proud to be an American. #THISISMYPRESIDENT.
Thank you Mr. Souza
Thank you Obama. A reminder of the class and dignity of the presidency.
That's how you're supposed to look at our President-with awe & respect. Because you're meeting the PRESIDENT, not some corrupt clown.
I just love to see all the smiles that surrounded @POTUS44 he truly was a LEADER of the people, and they loved him for it.
Thanks for sending this picture out..
The photo 'says:' Mutual respect :-)
I SO miss the Obama White House! Still my President: @POTUS44 
Gonna be pedantic here. That there’s a Cub Scout. A second-grader (in School), to be even more precise.
For the record, that's a Cub Scout...
In eight years, he never found the "time" nor had the inclination to actually ATTEND the jamboree! Too busy entertaining Jay Z.
Miss our president
@PeteSouza!  Only 1 #CubScout w/Obama? @realDonaldTrump hosted an entire troop of @boyscouts at #MarALago in 1999. BOOM! @MichaelCohen212
Thank you, Pete Souza. Just thank you.
Forever our president
Love this!!
It was a joy to have had an honorable president.
I'm not crying I'm just pissed. Fuck Trump.
So many poignant images caught in the lens of @PeteSouza and how brilliantly he serves them needed! A statesman inspiring pride & integrity.
bet that kid didn't have to spend an hour listening to Obama complain about Mitch McConnell.
@skybunnyfun @PeteSouza Bless you President Obama and my fellow Scouts
"US Presidents who were Boy Scouts: JFK, Ford, Clinton, GWBush and Obama. WH confirms that Pres Trump was not."
@markknoller
Obama was too busy destroying the middle class to do that. And salsa dancing!

#lockobamaup #traitor
Best photographer ever. Of course he had fantastic subjects with the former POTUS and family. No one could make this WH look good.
@realDonaldTrump here's how a real president speaks to Boy Scouts
If only @realDonaldTrump could reach so high! Dear Lord 
We went from the BEST President ever to the worst. What an embarrassment
I love you @PeteSouza  for always stepping out and defending BO's honour.  Actions speak louder than words
Or slamming anyone else.
Wonderfullove it!
Thank you Pete Souza.....this brought tears to my eyes.  Trumps remarks in front of the Boy Scouts was disgraceful 
Dignity.
Those who voted for Hillary must rise up and destroy this invalid dangerous President and his thugs, a new American Revolution!
 Nice pic!
This picture straight up made me cry. Because you can see so much hope and awe in that Scout's eyes. And then I think about tonight's speech
I feel so much disgrace having this man as our president. It's truly disheartening. I don't even know what to say anymore.
Say not, do you must.
America went backwards 200 years.  It's not going to recover and global forgiveness is questionable.
The King of Shade
Another example of how a REAL President acts. 
I'm stealing it.
Cub Scout, to be correct, but yes, I'm pretty sure this POTUS didn't need to lie about inauguration crowd sizes to young kids either.
The Community Organizer doing what he does best: talking.  The man had no answers for Putin, al Assad, or Kim, but he can handle Boy Scouts!
Beautiful photo.
@realDonaldTrump don't think President Obama talked about sleazy parties,sex, politics or talk about himself no lies no booing just #respect
Look at the mutual respect.
@PeteSouza
!
Grateful to have lived during the years Obama was President.
A real President.
It's stuff like this that gets under Trump's skin so much. "Why don't they like ME more???"  Temper tantrum central with The Donald. 
We must Keep this Disgusting Trump AWAY FROM CHILDREN! Now "THIS" Enrages me!!! #KeepTrumpAwayFromChildren
Show the 30,000 kids Obama threw to the wolves, Pete.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS - THIS is a REAL MAN. I can't wait to watch Trump TV - a live stream of you in your 6x8. Also, @PeteSouza owns you.
.Pete's photographs give me so much joy (no pun intended.)  He really captured the heart and soul of @BarackObama. Thank you, Pete. 
#Obama was the worst #potus in the history of our great country & it's because of him that we're in such a mess to begin with
@JoyAnnReid @PeteSouza Love  President Obama, he's great with children because he has a heart.
I can't wait until his new book comes out, already pre-ordered it
#BSA has failed those young boys
@BarackObama ...you good thing.
I LOVE this pic!!!
The best. All of them.
TFW you meet a real POTUS
