Why is he still free?
Good ? Cece. He must have worked a deal. Surprised the military hasn't court martialed him
I am just wait'g & 4 crap 2 hit the fan & wonder'g what's next. A crap shoot/roulette game, round she goes, where it stops, nobody knows.
Nobody knows, and most of us are kinda nervous...
Relax, I have my doubts too. R's w/try to wiggle out of any & all things(facts)that are not within the law, if proven to be so. Wait & see.
A lot of this will just have to play out, but somehow I feel the good in this country will prevail in the end.
I totally agree with you. That's the one thing that keeps me going. I also am waiting for the big shoe to drop - there is one, if not many.
I have to agree with john McCain " this thing is a centipede"...feels like a shoe drops every day. We can't get worn out & give up. Persist!
Is that the same Mike Flynn who is the paragon of lies, corruption and treason? His twin?
No way! How big is that hole Flynn's digging for himself?
Why isn't he in hiding? Does he feel Putin will rescue him? Audacious traitor.
I think he does. One or the other: TrumPutin
Yeah...timing is striking: on the day of the 2.5 hour meeting between trumputin comrades, Flynn comes out of his cave to mouth off on MSNBC!
Since when did ppl start listening to a traitor, why is he even speaking.
Why do they have Flynn on?

He don't care. Nothing will happen. Why even post it?
But he does have journalists murdered among other ppl!!!
yeah ok,coming from a guy whos facing several life long prison sentences ..#flynn is not really one to be giving out advice right now
Hes digging himself deeper! Now all we need is for him to implicate trump, who is lambasting Obama on fox right now. Hes in Poland.
oh I know ..we are witnessing a live shit show in action folks
Some trumpers r saying that will put an end to the Russian interference "nonsense"
they can deny the facts as "nonsense" and push the"fakenews" bullshit all they want, but it wont stop Mueller from pressing criminal charges
This shit show is horrible.  Shit going down with these scums soon.  Has to happen.  Karma coming to these traitors soon?  I would hope
I don't want to hear anything from Mike Flynn again until hes under oath. Even oldies.
Like we hear anything that traitor has to say!
I was prepared for trump to kiss putin on the lips.  Wasn't ready for the deep analingus.
Yeah, the 180 about face on America's Russian policy was dizzying. & they SO Staunchly defended Russia one couldn't help but be suspicious.
PUTIN MURDERS JOURNALISTS.
AND OTHERS.
IS THAT LOUD ENOUGH, FOR YOU???
Flynn is a "connected guy," a goomba, who protects his "family." That includes his boss, Vladimir Putin, and underboss, Donald Trump.
WOW...just WOW!! follow the money...follow the money… FOLLOW THE MONEY!!!  no other explanation makes sense. #MuellerPleaseHurryUp thx, USA
GENERAL FYLNN SHOULD BE ASHAMED HE WAS IN THE MILITARY FOR GOODNESS SAKES.
LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP!!
that man spews unadulterated BULLSHIT 
Yep. All the signs were there
Funny - he doesn't deny that it happens - just don't talk about it!
He & Trump would they are both boarding treason.
Sorry Mike Flynn ...what was that about Russia?
Follow the money and murdered (ultimately by Putin) Russians
Disgusting
@KremlinRussia_E 

#PutinKillsJournalists
#Deplorableflynn
Well Putin prob. Doesn't do much of anything himself. DT is a lot like that. Except he doesn't get anybody to do anything.
@carlhurdmba "DISGRACE TO THE UNIFORM"! 1ST ONE TO "YELL, LOCK HER UP"! LOOKS LIKE "KARMA" CAME BACK TO BITE YOU ON THE "ASS"!
Mike Flynn is a traitor, just like his old "boss", thetrump.
Putin murders more than just journalist
And leakers! 
Hey S--t for Brains Pence. He does murder journalists. Why would they stop saying it. It's true. Where have you been??
Lol.  Truth is Truth.   Can't keep it down.
So Gen Flynn "Mr DIA" with big lips & knee pads defends Putin's murder accusations that should include an airliner
Good luck with that Flynn
@GenFlynn if Putin is a killer, you cannot undo any killing. 
@realDonaldTrump thinks you can ignore killings too. I wonder why?
#impeach
Ya just don't mention it. Haha. Also he admitted he knows putin...
Remember when we thought the scariest thing was Sarah Palin? #wishiknewthenwhatiknownow
But Putin DOES murder journalists....and howlong will we be subjected to the traitor Mike Flynn???
sickening, that f... flynn. should be in prison right now
Yes, plenty of Russian Spies in the US. Do you know any, Flynn?
Well , we all know how that is ending !! Lock him up
"We have to deal with Russia."  Oh yeah :Let's Make A Deal ~ topic of National Security did not come up in our meetings.
Truth hurts don't it Mike? 
Shut up, Flynn!  You're a has-been!
Liar traitor can't stand  traitor and russia is no ones friends no one he's a thug
Mike Flynn is a traitor for money he should be stripped of everything his pension & court marshalled
@TheDemCoalition let's see a list of all the dead people in the Clinton's past.
Russia hacking is fake news
It's the TRUTH!! #TrumpRussia

Dude, ya mind dropping a hint that this was in November 2016? Or are you simply rabble rousing?
Behold
With Trump meeting Putin today, I still think it's sloppy to not lead with the fact this is old news. Unless that was the idea.
Mike Fluynn is a criminal & doesn't tell news outlets what to report! Who do these people think they are? I wish they would deport them all!
Thanks for posting this. On 11/2/16, I was certain Trump would lose. Flynn's plan to put Putin in charge of the middle east didn't alarm me.
What a traitor and him a former General I wonder what he passed on whilst still serving then has the nerve  to tell MSNBC to keep quiet.
Who called him up...and WHY?...he can confirm in court, he can
Damn those pesky journalists who revealed all this sht about Flynn.  If only they were more patriotic, this all wouldn't be happening.
Those Trumpets love themselves a Putin! @gop I wonder why? #Rosneft
Mr Flynn he's a traitor protecting Russians interested in USA thease why ask news network to stop said anywrong about Putin still accepted.
Mike Flynn is a paid puppet of Rothschild. Piece of shit in fact! 
Well Flynn if I were you I would not defend this Dick Tator! You are already in the shits!
Flynn just shot himself in the foot again by DEFENDING Putin.
Yeah, guys.  Just report what the WH tells you to!  God Almighty.  When will this shit end?
Don't give a fake news propagandist, who was fired twice and is under investigation a platform on the media.
Seriously? A man who sold his soul to a thug and journalist-murderer wants USA press to not report that? It will only make MSM stronger!
When did that happen?
Good thing he is going to jail. #TrumpRussia #Traitor
But Putin does murder journalists, and politicians, and anyone else who disagrees with him, or is a threat politically
Idiot.
Putin is a ruthless dictator responsible for countless deaths of reporters
Flynn is no Patriot
Flynn is a treasonous POS.  His son is even worse.
I say he will murder CRITIC who is having their place raided by PUTIN puppets
How does this piece of garbage gets to keep his military title? he does not deserve it.
Speaking with a forked tongue!..
...then they site MSNBC as fake media that withholds part of stories.   This is surreal.
#TrumpRussia #Trumputin #PutinsPuppets #GOPtraitors #treason
A bold statement from a man who is going to prison and a disgraces soldier
wow!
Well i am sure Putin doesnt murder them personally.........
The truth hurts, huh?!
Who cares what this traitor weasel says in defending Putin?
Why does he still get any credibility? Stop interviewing all those proven liars, giving them a platform to spread that nonsense.
This isn't incriminating at all, Is it all you little Kremlin bots? Lumpy45 & his gophers defending Pootie. Very patriotic!
Journalist keep saying what you got to say. We're counting on you
#WatergateWithRussianDressing 
#TrumpRussia
We need peace but not with people who are killing innocent people
We need peace all over
WOW! Sad Fact=Putin did put a "HIT" on many Journalists,or they were locked up forever! And so why is Trump such buddies w/ this killer? 
Trump is a Putin fan because Putin gave him the White House
Well answered...Well said!
Putin murders journalists & #TrumpBuffoon wants to murder journalists!  #TrumpAdvocatesViolence #TrumpBuffoon #TrumpCareKills #TrumpDontCare

The Trump agenda:

1) f*ck you…
Nice redirect when asked abt putin directly. Hmmm...
I'm pretty sure Putin also murders turncoats that roll over on their Russian assets.
@CelaineF @KamalaHarris @KeithOlbermann @SenWarren @maddow @HillaryClinton @NAACP @MaxineWaters Did Flynn commit TREASON???
Hey Flynn. Tell us how the investigation is going since u wanna talk so much !
And puts female musicians in jail too when they ask Mary Magdalene (in a song)to help get rid of Putin.
#HappyBirthdayAmerica #FlynnFlipped
Well, Putin's certainly  murdered less people than HRC!

Sarcasm font
Mike Flynn 2024.
Is he for real?
I dream of this fuck face in Orange; those R good dreams!
Always deflecting. And how can he say critical Americans are "makin Putin into an antagonist" when Putin has made himself that? #gaslighting
Wow its crazy !!!
Hitler would have loved him. Appeasement didn't stop WW2
Now why would he do that?
Do yourself a favor and don't listen to MSNBC I wouldn't put it past them to threaten people like CNN did
So who am I supposed to listen to Breitbart Fox Rush Limbaugh. Please if I want to listen to constant lies just tune into president talking
If you want lies go to CNN they don't know what the truth is
Fox has been checked. For more than 20 yrs they lie 80% of the time.
And Harvard did a study that showed the media's coverage of the election and of Trump CNN is 93% negative whereas Fox was 52% negative
U get'em Stephanie, He is nothing but a liar and u had him pegged!!
But Putin does murder people,  lots of people
Will somebody tell Flynn he doesn't hv authority to tell press what to do, especially if they are reporting factual info.
Poor Mikey

Flynn needs to be locked up.
Not fucking likely to ignore the heap of bodies. We won't forget.
Can't wait to see that SOB in an orange suit and handcuffs on his way to a federal prison
Hello! Why isn't Flynn in Prison? Enemy of the State @AGSchneiderman @SenFeinstein @SenWarren @RepAdamSchiff @SenFranken #treason
Im really looking forward to seeing this traitor go to prison. #LockHimUp #russiagate
Is Flynn middle-mgt in charge of Chump's assignments? His handler, making sure Russia gets good return on investment (ROI?)  Seems like it.
Where is Flynn?
Hey Flynn, Absolutely Not! Tell Putin to stop killing journalists & Gays while you're at it. And do you know what happened to Peter Smith?
Where's the obituary for Peter Smith? He didn't look old and feeble to me. Just sayin'.
WHAT THE F
Well Scott this video says it all LOCK HIM UP it is clear there was collusion The worse kind of blindness is the one when U refuse to see it
#25thAmendmentNow
Trumps cult doesn't know Putin kills journalists. It's why Donald's wrestle tweet is so concerning. Is that next?
Wait. Why dafuq is he on TV at all? Isn't he a certified Russian tool already?
Mike Flynn shd be locked-up in jail already & key thrown into the Pacific Ocean! He is the lead to this Russia Saga! Liars, Crooks, Rogues.
#PutinMurdersJournalists
theres a reason the topic of Russian hacking didnt come up at Trump/Flynn briefings...Flynn and Trumps names were all over the intel
https://www.google.com/amp/www.mediaite.com/tv/stop-it-with-that-kind-of-stuff-trump-adviser-demands-msnbc-anchor-stop-demeaning-putin/amp/ …
Sorry to many good people in Russia end up killing them selves then getting into gymbags and kicking themselves up in lockers! Tricky
He doesn't just murder journalists...
Putin murders journalists!!!!
Remember when Putin pulled up the shirt of a small boy and kissed his stomach? 
Weird or naw?
No wonder DT & Putin has a close relationship.   They are gross
He DOES murder journalists-and it's called NEWS! These corrupt jerks are so used to getting what they want, they abandoned truth YEARS ago!
LOCK HIM UP!!!
Are you kidding me. This is creepy. Rachels 1st piece and this and Bannon are freaking me out. @CityPetsChicago
Truth hurts....Flynn needs to move closer to his boss.   Putin
Apparently he flipped on @realDonaldTrump & they didn't need paulie, so they may have enough to get to oval. Question is can we hold out
So why is it a bad idea for two of the big kids on the block to be friends? Seems a shame that everyone's goading them into a fight.
Kinda like Trump asking Comey to stop mentioning that Flynn murders patriotism.
Putin murders journalists Putin murders journalists putin murders journalists
#PutinMurdersJournalists
LINK??
Crazy crazy !!
Wow! Flynn really knew how to reframe treason.
Wow. Mike Flynn. Man without a country (although seems like he has at least 2 but allegiance to USA is spotty) asking for restraint on Putin
Ha! An interview with the very source!!!

We have to find common ground with Putin, but it's ok to piss off all our allies...UK, Germany, France, in fact Europe in general, Japan etc
That's what I've been saying. Bullies every country that doesn't kiss the ring. Won't dare utter a bad word against Russia or Putin.
PUTIN GIVING RUSSIAN DEMANDS
$$$!$$
BUT HES NOT TALKING TO RUSSIANS
PUTIN
APPEARS
VERY
CONFUSED
This is important.Allies come & go.Colonialist imperialist blocs come & go.What is in interest of Humanity? Revolution @tuneintorevcom
Why isn't he in federal prison yet? Why is he allowed to speak on any of this?
SO fucking obvious. Wow. Just wow. Hell no to #flynnisatraitor
I remember this interview! He was so rude! Ugh, now we know why he was so defensive.
Russians are everywhere. PITIFUL Flynn. Just move there and take all the rest with you.
Except .... He does
wow.  doesn't get any more disgusting than this. "We have met the enemy and he is us." - Pogo author, Walt Kelly / 1970.
Please keep quiet about Putin murdering journalists. We like to keep that secret.
WHEN DID THIS JACKASS SAY THIS?
GOOGLE RESEARCH WORKS GREAT
The graphic at the bottom says Election 2016 was 6 days away
.@RepAndyBiggsAZ agrees. Everything Putin does is ok with him. #AZ05
get rid of sanctions and let Mobil Exxon drill all Putin wants
@PutinRF makes his puppets work hard for their meals!
Flynn/Trump form"Putin admiration society"
View killing "perceived enemies" as strength
Wish to replicate cronyism/accumulation of wealth
Deff murders way more then journalists and I won't be shocked to hear Russia is in cahutes w isis ha they're idiots &gonna get us all killed
Is that a threat? Stop or something?!

Whats the date on this
Looks like just before the election last year.
Why do you even have this traitor on your network?
Truth is not valued by trump boys
Right, utinpay otnay a fucking urderermay
Wow @Lawrence @POTUS @maddow @chrislhayes @SenWarren @ananavarro @AliVelshi @davidaxelrod @andersoncooper @angela_rye @MaxineWaters @MSNBC

There's  a spanish saying: It's one thing calling upon the devil, another to see him arrive 
Excuse me?
Hey Mikey?  
You got Alot more things to worry about? 
#jailbird
Sure, Mike. No problem, Mike. Wait. Wait a minute. Small problem, Mike. Mmmmm. Yeah. Actually, big problem here, Mike. #FlynnIsATraitor
Whose @GenFlynn?
GOOGLE IT THE REST OF US

GENERAL FLYN MAJOR PUTIN PUPPET TO USE TRUMP 
TRAITOR TREASONOUS???
U realize no mention of Putin's state sponsored murders of journalists only goes when u r in a dictatorship/autocracy. Guess u'd like that.

That was then, this is now.
It is hard 2 beleive flynn ever wore the american uniform......n scarier 2 beleive the rank achieved...n nerve 2 chant lock her up..
