Trump’s budget calls for seismic disruption in medical and science research http://wapo.st/2ncGioj 
Trump is the pits
because the system has been so flawless and efficient in the past??? All u career politicos need to take a back seat!!!!
What would happen if millions of us marched on the WH?
@Kat4Obama what a monumental mess to clear up when he's gone! #LOCKHIMUP
They ARE deliberately doing it; it's bannon's goal and he's using trump to get it done.
@SenatorLeahy Don't forget wrecking the social fabric domestically! Yup, pretty much textbook ABSOLUTE FAILURE
Tonight I was contemplating the cruelty found in these ideas. It was astounding. How can someone feel such hatred for the poor
Because the poor like me and my wife haven't had the "audacity" to die horribly from preventable conditions.
We don't know just how much influence Russia has on 
Trump budget & foreign policy,
but we do know Putin would like to undermine America.
yes it is Putin's plan to destroy democracy and Putin's budget  (read "The Kremlin Playbook" - you can google it
@joncoopertweets He hates the US. More evidence isn't necessary.
Bannon is, no doubt, thrilled.
Trump hates America.
@SenatorLeahy trump want to Rhein this country and drain the American people. He gave into the swamp must feel good
@Scout_Finch 
True. Stomped on the American dream.
@BruceBartlett you mean like a foreign gov't with a guy on the inside??
What else do you think Bannon;s intentions are?
Good thing I don't know anything about policy or I might be upset. Oh wait, I do: Bernie. I'm upset now.
Trump as a walking Trojan horse/virus in the 'hardware' of US Govt?
No one - absolutely no one - demeans America more than Barak Hussein Obama. On what planet to you live, Norm?
So, perhaps he's following Putin's orders after all.
Who would possibly want t.......oh wait, didn't #SteveBannon confess to this crime at #CPAC2017 didn't he say he wanted to destroy America.
the right wing is in the mood to burn everything down. I think that's exactly what they are doing.
That is what millions thought under the Obama Regime. Now the shoe in on the other foot. Deal with it & stop whining
Republicans get into government specifically to enrich themselves and their friends. This is just a consequence
That is what millions thought under the Obama Regime. Now the shoe in on the other foot. So deal with it and stop whining.
President Bannon wants to deconstruct. He hired cabinet to destroy their own departments & Rex is doing an outstanding job.Sad
#BenedictDonald
I call this the "small hands" budget compensating by bullying all the unpopular kids and kissing up to the 900 lb gorilla
Putin couldn't have done a better job if the Republicans elected him President
.@NormOrnstein We have a crazy man making the most vital decisions for U.S. God help us!
The Trump budget betrays the nation and the planet. He and his henchmen are not fit to govern.
I always wanted to live in a Third World Country! This is happening right before EVERYONE'S eyes. It's not funny.
Look at what he's doing...and he's just getting started!
Decides what right then does opposite
.@NormOrnstein "Someone" is doing that... #PutinsRevenge
Exactly!

It's very, very, very strange isn't it.......
Tell me, @GOP @washingtonpost, what would a Russian agent do if they were President, if not this?
First Fed Budget in history to recommend cuts to "Critical Thinking." Is that even a line item?
#economic_disaster in the making.
@washingtonpost  I couldn't agree more.  TrumBannon are working to 'deconstruct' America.  Russia now gleeful.  We are not.
@AndyRichter no, they'd allow mass immigration
I can't "like" this tweet. But sadly agree.
Trump killing careers in 21st century global economy while supporting jobs in dying industries
@lesscrazyplease Exactly. Gee, could it be part of a plan? #russiagate
He's a Russian agent, just doing his job.
that statement scares me more than everything i thought i knew about the aim of this Bannona Republican!
An angry, impulsive man who knows next to nothing. Bought into most radical view of govt as enemy. And lied about heath care.
Trump is a narcissistic sociopath. Of course he's sadistic.
Would this be first time in history a nation intentionally embraced decline? And is this really El Supremo's thinking?
I mean, he doesn't actually dream up this junk, or read it himself, so who does? Bannon? Mulvaney?
No one should be surprised.
Putin did not bring Trump and the appointees to power to STRENGTHEN US!
Trump-Putin want power.
@m_clem I think Trump's budget plan would best be titled "Make Moscow Great Again" - unreal and unpatriotic.
Maybe Putin orchestrated it. Where does he find the time?!
@siracusa Science is evil because it contradicts the Bible. This is the most dangerous part of the Trump/Pence presidency.
That is Bannon's plan, apparently. #resist
@GrgFrrll that seems to be the Bannon/ Trump modus operandi
@Patbagley OYyyy
@AndyRichter ...and this is how the Chinese century begins.
Are your arms sore from all this reaching yet?
@BruceBartlett
a) you need Adblock ;-) b) Microsoft sponsors Breitbart?
He is acting "as if" he were the #joker
Trump makes GWB admin look good...and back then, GWB admin. was doing all it could to deliberately undermine the USA.
You mean Bannon's budget, to disrupt/destroy American institutions the way the Founders refused to do?
Budget cuts, gutting of programs, are meant to DOMINATE just as calling opponents names during campaign.
well Steve Bannon has never hidden his agenda.
@Scottf929 is this really what all of those angry people at Trump rallies want? Will they realize they've been played by Trump
is there a fun conspiracy theory about Trump privatizing STEM for personal gain?
@MSignorile DT & GOP are ruining this country. If/when we survive/elect sane ppl, it will take DECADES to undo the damage.
I think you mean the #PresidentBannon budget! #resist
This budget is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
#StopElectingStupidPeople
Trump voters are concerned about jobs. Every day he is cutting more jobs.
Coincidence?
This is just stupid and will cost more in the long run!!!
BANNON!!
Putin/Assange dancing cheek to cheek in Red Square.
@neeratanden it won't survive the Senate but like Ryan care he can say he tried and then accept a Senate compromise
@mrbenwexler And that's hitting the nail right on the head. This is DELIBERATE; Bannon's always said this was the goal.
@Arctic__char Nothing like installing a bombastic nitwit leading anti-science anachronisms to let Russia catch up & China lead
Criminal
@JoeNBC @jheil @jmeacham @MMFlint @morningmika Republicans offer nothing and, in truth, are a "clear and present danger."
@Paul1Singh @washingtonpost it's not Trump. It's Bannon
right out of Putin's playbook.
Hence Bannon. Notice how he remains virtually invisible and silent. A puppeteer who has dreamt of this very takeover for years
@gmukunda  #Trump is following what #AlexanderDugin writes about & says that must be done to #America. #Atomize it. #SunTzu
#presidentbannon
Yes, it's as if they have a hit list on all the things that are true and good in our country.
Success for Trump would be to pave  every acre of Earth in 200ft of concrete for $$$.
@SDSunchaser We used to do great things..now we hate each other, shoot each other and call ourselves Christians...smh
depressing
This can't be shouted loudly enough
@BlaquePhD Like Bannon said, Deconstruction of the Administrative State, Nationalism Movement...
@gdgills Ugh.  Disgusting.
If medical & scientific minds gave up that easy, none of us would even be here now.
All from the very guy who screamed about"Stupid People"in the White House as he ran for the spot....Wow, just Wow! #DumpTrump.
Someone is...Bannon's blueprint in play.

So he does a campaign rally for 2020? We are in trouble.
He is a threat to America and our leaders are twiddling their thumbs.
Then call them and tell them to get off their asses. 202-224-3121
@rogertansey Perhaps this outcome is explained by the fact that it is the result of a Russian coup.
it's outrageous that he is enjoying 91% app rating among R's. Why do repubs hate America?
Brasil passa pelo mesmo problema com relação ao Presidente golpista "Michel Temer"
let's not overlook economic policy - prop up failing industrial and fossil fuels while gutting emerging tech.
Bannon.
@washingtonpost I'm thinking Putin wakes up every day and pinches himself.
Everything possible is being downloaded/uploaded to State level. It'll be like visiting 50 countries on the summer road-trips.
That someone is Bannon.
@universalshow the next coherent president we have will have a lot of shit to clean up. 
@washingtonpost @JoelAchenbach 
Is that not their point ? ;(
They would not go this far.
Well, no. They'd be hijacking airplanes, flying them into buildings, & waiting a couple of decades.
someone is
it's one thing to be fiscally conservative, but Trump seems to be going out of his way to be cruel
Right?? I didn't know the GOP was this bloodthirsty. They really have a hard on for hating you guys. Unless ur rich.
