Heart goes out to everyone on the force and to officer Perez's family ..Heros all..RIP
I have heard that Antifa are training people on how to get violent with police-that line in the sand is drawn-we are with you Blue!!
And btw, the left supports the police too...we just don't do it blindly...if someone abuses power is wrong, no matter who they are
I'm pleased U support police-weed out Antifa w/ cell in Phil,PA-training members to violent 2police-I wonder who's behind all the killings
Antifa is not the left...they are an outlier ...I get their general principle, but violence never helps
Yes Antifa is the radical Ault left-completely-100,000 signature petition to label them Terrorist-& why won't they show their faces?
3 million people marched at Women's March in Jan with almost zero incidents...that's the real left and progressive movement
I understand what U R saying but those with say- elite corrupt wealthy obstructionist have the say-they scream we the people have no rights!
God will see you through this along with the American people and the POTUS sending prayers
How are you doing Noah, praying for you also to get better !!!
Thank you! I'm doing good! How are you?
I am well Noah but it is you I so often pray for, is the illness in remission 

I have two of these on my car-they do indeed matter!!
Prayers to all Texans. I lived there for 8 years wonderful strong people.
Lord please put your loving arms around everybody affected by Harvey! Lord extra protection for these wonderful police officers and rescuers
You guys are badass!  God bless!!
Godbless all the states of America and we must to be side by side for donations for the people affected in State of Taxes
Thankyou men and women who served your community are doing are great job of helping residents of Houston.  Thank you from California   ? RT
My condolences, thank you
We mourn and stand next to you. #HoustonStrong #JoeThePlumberTX
God bless each & every one of the
Houston Police Dept & their families ! You saved so many in
horrific days. You 're all heroes !
God bless
Thank you from the World
Stay strong! We all grieve with you & recognize the incredible job you are all doing despite the unimaginable circumstances #HoustonStrong
God bless you all. May your brother Rest In Peace.
Blue Lives Matter More.
USA IS IN MIDDLE AGE!!!
Prayers for ALL- God Bless you, God Bless Texas, God Bless America 
Our condolences for the loss of a good man. Thank you for helping your citizens. We who are far away appreciate you.
I will NEVER forget how nice the Houston Police were to me while working SuperBowl. Sending healing and Love

RIP Officer Perez  
Stay strong guys

Illegal orders are being followed by police.

There wasn't a single death that could not have been avoided by proper evacuation/leadership.
Look like a bunch of excons

We are keeping all in our thoughts and prayers!!! Thank you!!
God bless you in your grieving.
So sorry for the loss of this devoted man.
So sorry for your loss - So thankful for your service...
#HoustonStrong
Yes, you all will.  In times of stress and devastation, somehow we find the strength within us to go on.
Our prayers are with you!!! We hurt with you & for you!!! We BACK THE BLUE  #HoustonStrong
Don't worry!
The rest of America will pray & be there for u to help lift those heavy hearts. God bless Houston police. #HoustonStrong
Yes you will. Praying for you all. God Bless
Our hearts are heavy, but Houston and its people are strong and will ride this out. Love u all!
God be with you guys.
Amazing people.
The true heroes!!  #HoustonStrong
Thank You!
I'm sorry for you lost guys but we all get though this God bless Amen
Thy will be done.
Remain srong my Angels, God will see you through.
RESPECT for our first responders!
Love it!!! #WonderTwinPowersActivate #YoJoe
Amen ya doing a great job
The hearts and prayers of the citizens of Houston go out to the Family,  Friends, and Fellow Officers of the one lost while going to serve
Support our police.
Good Luck Prayer of America are with you
Heartbreaking
My thoughts are with you all at this sad time
In Jesus Name!
May God bless you and keep you strong
Praying 
May God watch over you, your families, and all those who are struggling today in Texas, just to make it to tomorrow.
Thanks for all you do! Appreciate you!#Indeed!!!
Condolences.
So very sorry for the loss of this brave Police Officer.  God bless all of you and protect you as you serve and protect others.
God Bless ALL of you for the job you do!
GOD bless you men and all that serve with you!!! You are so LOVED and respected!! Thank you for all that you do!! THANK YOU!!!!
Wish I could be there to help with anything at all, all I am doing is praying for everyone there #PrayForHouston
God Bless the best !!!
Heroes. Doing an amazing job!!!!!!

MAY GOD BLESS EACH AND EVERYONE IN TEXAS!!!
AMEN!!!MUCH LOVE AND PRAYERS SENT YOUR WAY! Once again thank you ... you men & women are absolutely appreciated!
I am so sorry to hear of your loss. My condolences 
to you and the family of Sgt. Perez.   RIP hero.
We always do! WE ARE TEXAS! #TEXASSTRONG
Thank u for ur service...!
Keep up the great work
God bless  
God bless you Houston Police for your selfless sacrifices.The world is watching. America is so proud of you all & hero Sgt Steve Perez.
God Bless you all 
Thank you Houston police...you are Texas heroes! We are sorry for the loss of the policemen who lost their lives to help others 
Thank you all for your sacrificial service!
You are all doing such great work. I know you are sad and must be exhausted. We appreciate your efforts.
True heros! God bless n be safe
Thoughts and Prayers for everyone affected! #HoustonStrong  #HurricaineHarvey
Blessings
What an awesome diverse group of policemen! Texas may be the Lone Star state but you are not alone. Sad for your loss.

A beautiful climax to a terrible episode. #Harvey #ArcticWarming #Engineer4Good #Data4Good #GreenSpace #UrbanPlanning @c40cities @algore 
Love and prayers to you all!
Sending love & support from Southern NJ & hoping the worst is past y'all.
Thanks so much

God Bless you all....
We are with you. So proud of the hard work you're doing.

You have friends who care in Wisconsin! Unable to be there to help but we donated as much as we could afford, via Red Cross!
would love to be a big help in his honor
Prayers
@nitrajr @ArtAcevedo you have an entire country praying for you.
God Bless @houstonpolice 4 their strength and courage!! We R so sorry 4 your fellow officer & friend who died trying 2 help. USA proud of U!

God bless  #BlueLivesMatter #BackTheBlue #ThinBlueLine
Sorry for your loss of a BROTHER
#BlueLivesMatter
God Bless First Responders! Thank you for all you do!
God Bless you all. Praying for your safety.
Rest In Peace and God be with your family Officer Perez, thank you for your service.
We love you all!
Thank you all for your work and so sorry for your loss! We love you! #wife&daughterofpoliceofficer!
We see you officers and we appreciate every bit of sacrifice that you are making for your fellow man.  You have my prayers and condolences.
Thank you for everything you've been doing! 
America loves you!
You are all in my prayers!
God bless first responders, God bless the thin blue line, God bless Texas and may God bless the United States of America
Sorry for the sad loss of your sergeant doing what he loved!!!
I am so sorry for your loss ... God Bless you all and Thank you
Sending love from Utah.
God is with you
So sorry for the Department's loss and his Family 
God be with you all. We appreciate your great service. Sympathy to officer Perez' family.
God bless you all! 
Blessed are the peacemakers. SCARNG hearts go out to you and officer Acevedo's family. Continue your great work in TX.
GOD bless all of you for your dedication, hard work, heroism in this difficult time!
THANK YOU ALL..
Many prayers!  Thank you ALL for your service !  Godspeed!
We thank god you all live among us and protect those who need you. Salute to all of your department. 
May God bless you guys.

Hold on there. You'll win this
God Bless you all!
God Bless You All!!!!
Amazing men.  Way too much testosterone- thank God.  We're with you in prayer!   God Bless
Lost of
Lots of
Thankful for your service and praying for all of Houston. God is using you to help the hurting. Much respect 
Not going to LIE, I don't know if I would have been as brave or dedicated as this MAN. Takes a special person to do what they you police do.
@perry_local3328 Your in Thoughts and Prayers of this Rhode Island FF. Stay safe and remain Strong.

Where do I donate the hygiene items for the female Police Officers? I have friends out of state wanting to donate as well.
God bless you all.  Our condolences.
god bless
Thank you for all your hard work. Hearts broken all over US for Texas
🕆
The honor belongs to those on the front line . God bless Huston .
May God bless you and your families.  You are all true HERO'S!   From Pennsylvania, We stand with Texas!
So many prayers going up for you incredible Law Officers. Your buddy will not be forgotten. God doesn't, we cannot.

Please, hang in there. Our hearts are with you.
May the Lord Bless and Keep You All.
God bless.
thank you all for your selfless work to help fellow human beings in need.  we appreciate all you are doing, stay safe.
You are heroic. Don't forget that fact. You will persevere.
Bless you one and all
God bless the EMS, Police and all other first responders. You do work that most people are afraid to do.
God bless the men and women in blue
Pop Quiz:  How many races are represented in that picture?

Answer:  One.  

Texan!

Godspeed, men and women of Texas Law Enforcement!
UT fam is grateful for your dept example to us all and praying for all involved! Take good care out there!
Our hearts and prayers go with you @houstonpolice! You are all true American heros and what make America great! 
Praying
U guys are so very much admired by us!  God'll reward you for this!
God Bless you all -
Praying for you all. God bless you.
Watching what you're all going through is heartbreaking. Crying with you
God Bless all police in Texas and tightly keep the soul and family of the fallen ones
Thoughts and prayers with his family at home and his family in blue.
God bless the Blue.
Bless you all..
God bless each and every one of you; ur Heroes in my Eyes!  OORAH#HoustonStrong!!!
God Bless our Police!!!
Doing a great job
Austin with all of you.
Chief with all my heart received you the police department, but special the family for the big lost, my condolences, police live life metter
Why hasn't Donald tweeted his condolences?
Prayers going out to all of you #HoustonStrong

Continued prayers for you. #HarveyHeroes 
God bless all of you! You are in our prayers #HoustonStrong  @ArtAcevedo
Thank you to all the officers that give of themselves each and every day to protect this country. I am so grateful to you all! 
God bless Texas!!

May God watch over you and keep you safe
Thank you for your service!
my thoughts are with all you guys
MayGodBlessYall..!! Your Making Me Proud,ill tell ya that..!!!
