We share a love for Mary West!
Yay!
Funny, you were on the anti-everyone network and now want us to stand w you in your progressive cause.
I'm not asking u to do anything
I'm with you nobody should have to go through what you and other women put up with to keep a job
Dear, you are a Republican.  Republican men will not stand up for women. Only Democrats will do that.
Excuse me dear. But that's bullshit. Remember BJ Bill Clinton? How about serial womanizer JFK? Does Weiner respect women? Should I go on?
My mother is retired and wasn't old enough to vote for JFK. Can we join the modern era please? Weiner couldn't get elected dog catcher now.
It doesn't matter what era we're in, Dems are hypocrites.
You had to go more than 50 years back in time to find a relevant example. I didn't. Remember Scott DesJarlais?
Clinton wasn't 50 years ago. You want to talk about whitewashing? He's a rapist and Dems treat him & rape enabler Hillary like gods.
You're holding Hillary more accountable for her husband's actions than Trump for his own. If he's a rapist, it's not her fault.
Which proves my point. Republicans hate women.
Any act that starts with the word "Fairness" quickly becomes a mallet of unfairness.
Just answer one thing that bugs me. With all our tech, why didn't anyone hit record on their cell?  I mean, not one person?
/4 Compliment without being accused of sexual harassment.  You will never work again and no one respects you.
Calling a lady hot chocolate??? Oh boo hoo.  Her life must be ruined now
A polygraph should be part of the fairness.  Not someone's 'word' that could be prejudiced .
Harassment suits are easy 2win because it's a 'perception' from one person with NO witnesses.. Call me when you have a witness 2your claims
You built your career on looking good now you say it is wrong for Fox to want women to look good...hypocrite
All very well but....ask a Republican Congress? I don't think so!!
A man can lift an eyebrow to a woman and they claim sexual harassment. Just saying...
I just want you to go away.  You had an affair with Kevin McGraw and you are a hypocrite for staying on as long as U did.
Oh, so now your a Democrat?
My name is Art Smith. I hope you get some resolutions from Congress Houston PD.Sexually Assaulted my wife In public.Salute!
What aboutthe 'Act of Using/Manipulation' OF men,BY women,2 further their career status, then Suing when asked2 make the 1 Way street 2 Way?
We r not stupid people where is the evidence
Where's the proof? These 5 women seem to be pretty happy now that they have their millions.
Thanks for taking a stand for all women!
Funny how these 5 women got 2.5 million apiece and now they are satisfied
VAWA is good father genocide
Men are simply responding to the manipulation by women. Alls good, until the man wants some reciprocation, from being USED .
When you go to Congress let me know so my wife Koffey can go and speak against Houston Police Department who done the same thing.Cover Ups!
I sued the State of Florida Dept of Corrections 4 the same, Retaliation nearly drove me over the edge! I won. Changed NADA
They are not going to  do it there boss is the biggest one
Yes I agree and I also think it is time to stop sexual discrimination against men.  Time for women to have to register for the draft.
whatever happened to women's fight for equality?  Not so?  So ask congress to help -- pass the Fairness in Arbitration Act?
/3 And you only screamed sexual harassment after the fact.  You're making it so a man will NEVER be able to give a woman a
/2 I do not respect another woman now crying WOLF.  You have no clue, you showed enough leg an you were part of this.
The government can't and shouldnt legislate behavior
it is not just women that are harassed
Every women in the workplace must dress properly.Flaunt what you got to get ahead and then you sue? Can't stand women like the lot of you!
But Bill said it didn't happen and it was a left wing conspiracy.  Who to believe?
Thank you for your stand. Hopefully this added some empathy to your years of voicing repugnant politics & representing Murdoch's vile agenda
Exactly what Liberal Feminist Women have been saying 4 years. I guess it takes conservatives personal harassment to evolve
this from a woman who showed so much cleavage in the AM show, I would write in............YEA   enjoy your money....sad
since you collected $20 million for a failed TV show, it's time to sit down and shut up #talentless
As long as people like @realDonaldTrump think they can get away with anything because they are rich, nothing will change.
Maybe more men should stand up to those whom harass women & children as well.  That's why I created Dark of Light
You want gender equality? Try using a statement that encompasses all sex's/people, and not just women...that is true equality!
If a women is to make charges as anomous, this has to end, must accuse them face to face in court and in the media.  End false claims.
Amazing! For years your ilk of  BSCRWNJS said woman claiming sexual harassment were just plain looking liberals looking for a free ride.
Can you please stop already. You got your millions that's all its about. $$$$$$$$
Then how about you start with yourself and not support a party that wants to demolish women rights altogether?
Don't need anymore laws, you settle your situation for $20 million you got paid. Women not completely innocent. They also harass I victem
you have changed the culture of sexual harassment.not only at Fox but many companies are now addressing it
Glad to see you are working for the GOOD GUYS these days, Gretchen. Wish you the best....,
I thought you and Fox in general were toxic to our democracy but I'm with you on this.
or sue for 20 million
Republican controlled congress will not  pass an equal pay bill, something you should know.
#StandUpToBullying   #stopSexualPredators #courage
Makes one wonder, if Fox's abysmal treatment of women helped Trump win?
The @GOP Congress doesn't even want women to vote, let alone pass the Fairness in Arbitration Act
Our 44yh President supported Women 1000% and you lambasted him nonstop for 8yrs. Your credibility is lacking. You're driven by SELF.
lots of women, including yourself stayed a long time after being harassed. The Murdoch boys have scandals in their past.
Thank you.
men too this is a issue that only fig leaf is ever used to address it ,if ever
You r awesome.
Arbitration is forced on us in so many situations and it is due to Republicans, Dems have entered bills to stop this and were blocked by GOP
Yes!! I am proud to have told my story in a book. Nastywomenproject gave me the opportunity. Donating all proceeds!
Congress won't pass anything that helps women at least not until Democrats are the majority. sad.
Sounds like crap.   Already have laws on books, but liberals think you fart need a new law
Sorry about what you went thru Gretchen,no woman should deal w/that. But this GOP you helped empower isn't going to pass anything like that.
Sad but true
GOP, Democrats, stand together and pass the Fairness of Arbitration act. Thank you. @GOP @Democrats
Standing with you.
Do you think the allegations against O'Reilly are true Gretchen?
100% behind you Gretchen
Get over yourself.  You stayed at Fox forever and now play the victim
Wow you continue to shine light to subject matters no one wants to discuss  or acknowledged
More than just women. No single person should be silenced regardless gender, race , religion.........
Won't happen as long as Trump is president,  Trump doesn't believe sexual harassment is real
A gentleman does not need to harass a lady to gain her attention, normal conversation will work, if not she's not interested so move on.
Amen.... the victim can never truly get there story out. Silence can be deadly for the soul.   I am praying this changes
And 30% of the American electorate think O'Reilly is the real victim here.
Pretty shameful, eh @IvankaTrump ? Hello? Is this thing on..?
I'm sorry for what you've gone through. I have trouble reconciling that w/ the years you spent on a network so intent on promoting misogyny.
Mandated arbitration is a GOP favorite, strips rights away in many contracts consumers don't even know about until they need to sue
Thank you for your bravery
Good luck with that w/ your GOP friends in charge. Maybe in 4 years…

Thank you! Yes!
please stop. Never arrested , never convicted.
13 million paid out by Fox, not Oreilly. If they were so upset, have him arrested and take him to court.
maybe just maybe they should have turned down the money and gone to court. What$good$is$that
I'll stick with innocent until proven guilty and he will enjoy his big buyout and retirement.
Are you happy O'reilly has been shown the door?
Y weren't U vocal way back vs Ailes? U'd've won & we'd still have U on air. I faced it, stood up 2 their face or HR & had my satisfaction.
Name one woman who lied about sexual harassment or sexual assault and got a huge payout. It costs women more to tell the truth than to lie.
