The truth is pretty powerful. DEMOCRATS have a racist history:
I'm interest in the American people not a party or an individual
I work for the need of justice and liberty for all.
The struggle for equality and inclusion is being tested by this RepubliKlan Racist Obstructionist Regime, We Will Never Surrender, #resist
A few months before we lost JFK.  If only we could turn back time and save JFK & MLK, what a different world we would have today.
We had Barack Obama and he saw nothing but hate and false accusations spread. Do you think @FoxNews would have treated them differently?
They were making headway, we were headed forward. Hate killed them and the tumor grew. That tumor is the GOP&Trump and we are screwed, imo.
Well said!
God I wish he was here to help us!  #MLK was one of the wisest leaders this Country ever had , he wouldn't have tolerated nazis in the WH!
Nor would he have tolerated the racism and anti-American tactics of the BLM.  They are reversing all the good he preached & did!
Black Lives Matter looks like this....all races, men,women,transgender, LGBT and all oppressed people in America....
Oh, got it
The professional victim train fed by the propaganda of their puppet masterBLM is doing more harm than good by reversing the 
Just been reading some of your feed. has anyone ever told you that you're a little off? 
@KateRussillo thank you for your words of wisdom ignorance knows no color or gender.....and this ignoramus just dose not get it...
Charlottesville...POTUS's response reminds me why MLK's nonviolent approach was brilliant, when we don't fight back, only 1 side holds blame
Drem it posiblle with LOVE WORLD BIRD music
What would MLK think now? 1 step forward,  2 steps backwards.
If he could see how many of our youth are saggin their pants and seem to care little for their appearance or about others he'd be in tears
.@realDonaldTrump Now THAT'S a crowd!
was his dream to destroy like BLM, NAACP and antifa?
I wonder how some media outlets today would spin MLK Jr???  He was truly an Amazing human being
they used to call him a communist sad to say
Please tell me why this is not as often in the TV but this "Dream-speech"? https://youtu.be/BY1OKSObkH0 

Sure
I'm not smart enough to articulate a dream, but I can pray with you- love and prayers
I was 10 yrs old. I was there. My Dad drove all of us from Boston to DC. It's the reason why I have always fought for equal rights for all.
The dream is dead...and so is our reverence for Presidents.
His dream abides in the souls of all who seek social justice.
During extreme crisis, human kind's natural instincts take over. NO racial divides, hate is erased and replaced with caring and saving all.
We need another great man like Martin Luther King Jr to put a stop to all this division in America
Don't let Trump et al take us backwards
Trump isn't good enough to even look at this man! Now here was a true leader! Ours is a national horror story!
embarrassingly I have never heard the full speech ....thank you
And yesterday started a March from Charlottesville to Washington. We will continue to fight for his dream.
MLK flew the Confederate flag in some of his rallies- it symbolized defiance against oppressive establishment.
But now
A quote of his worth remembering in this Trump era. "Never forget that everything Hitler did in Germany was legal."
Turning a death ear to constitutional violation is a active undermining of the civil rights that our constitution guarantees all citizens.
#NeverTrumpHillary On Women Suffrage Day 1996 NeoLiberals Shred NewDeal SafetyNet—No "Compassion" Clinton Capitalism https://www2.tulane.edu/newcomb/upload/welfare_casefeminism.pdf …
Visitor from Mars who read Deceleration Of I.: Silent/Confused. 
#AllWhliteSlaveOwnersMenWereCreatedEqual? #BiggestOldBoysClubOnEarth?
As he is no longer with us, we need another just like him.
Listen & share my human rights song and tribute to MLK and JFK's struggle for civil rights, Too Many Good Die Young.
I have a dream trump is impeached and removed from office first #CensureTrump

I have a dream I would love it if the government and especially the veterans administration started treating the veterans better!!
Since the media doesn't like us anyway how about if 4 million veterans march on Washington and see how that works out for you!!
'Let no man pull you down so low as to hate him.'

That speech had an enormous impact on my life and that of countless others-multitudes.
Let's keep the dream alive! 
Me too the end of capitalism as we know it
And we have a nightmare in Washington!
Just got body chills.
i love this man for his God Given Talents. i hope all u fakesters dont tear down his statue. he was AGAINST gay marriage.
I'm blown away every time I realize he was only 34 years old that day.
I bet his dream didn't include fatherless children and guns in the waistbands of sagging pants.
Love it. Dr. King is spinning in his grave.
Dr. King, I know you're spinning in your hallowed grave.
#MLK was an immensely important American. As for @realDonaldTrump , he thinks his #phoenixrally had 5x more people than #IHaveADream speech
Looks like we're still dreaming in the age of Trump regime.
A long way from antifa!

The difference between MLK and the left now is MLK won through peace and dialogue. Left now does it through violence. Antifa = Blackshirts.
Wow! Dr king must be shaking his head in heaven over recent events in the us
Such a remarkable man! We need him NOW to teach about love, faith, tolerance and acceptance  with basic human rights for all! #Ihaveadream
Historical speech that stills rings true today!
“@BeschlossDC: "I Have a Dream," March on Washington, today 1963: ”
So Amazing!!!  I was in my 2nd year at college, seems like another lifetime ago!!!!  It was another lifetime ago!!! WOW!!!
Sad, MLKs dream has never been farther away.
We've come a long way, then again, so very far to go.
Yes
We the people won't let your dream die, we will walk on into a future of one humanity with liberty & justice for all
Back when protests had merit.  

Today's #antifa domestic terrorism will NEVER achieve 0.0001% what MLK did. Their movement is commie shit.
WE must still dream - and protect what's gained
WE need " WE want a President March on Washington."
He had a dream and it most certainly was not this nightmare we are experiencing now.
in living color.
Weirdly, I am actually listening to this as I type (recorded two blocks from my house 50 years ago): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sPlpzMI6ijk …
.....& on his back, those prior & today, Black-America stands! Prayers that hate won't be the goal amongst ALL Americans forward but LOVE 
In 7 months Trump undoing 50 years of progress on civil, voting, gay, women's & human rights. Trump/Sessions must be stopped!
How soon we forget. Our Country cannot.
Everyone could learn a lot from this man
A true hero he was! And an inspiration he is to day!
tRUMP's DREAM..........................................SNOW FLAKE PEOPLE ONLY,NO BLACK<BROWN<YELLOW or RED only mostly male.
MLK rolling over in his grave.
His death must be a reminder in these dire times for democracy
Those poor excuses for humans, ANTIFA, need to learn from this remarkable man.
What happened to the moral leadership of our Presidency?
I still tear up every time I hear it.
Now there was a real leader and great man.
Those were the days free peaceful protests No peaceful leaders this time to win the cause
Thk U for reminding us. These are the crowds that counted then & even more NOWWe still have that dream
American is down at the present moment, but we are resilient and we will come back stronger than ever.  #StrongerTogether
Too bad Obama made a mockery of that dream by promoting racist violence.
Thank you Mr King
All that, all those people, and no notable violence reported.  54 years ago today. #MLK #MartinLutherKing #IHaveADream
Richard Spencer circa 1963 would be protesting this
So sad that we're still dreaming
The dream is over
Martin Luther King had a dream--freedom. We have a nightmare--TRUMP!
Now it is "I have a nightmare." Heartbreaking. We will persevere.
Flip side of the kkk is kkklan with a tan. Hate is hate. We should ALL have pride in ourselves. If NOT your SKIN COLOR is NOT the problem!
His speech was "I have a dream!" Blm/Antifa's is, "I have a delusion!" ..
i was16 lived in NVA but mom would not let me go afraid of riots

He believed in peaceful protest. 
A statue of MLK unveiled today at Georgia Capitol, just a few blocks from his birthplace
PLEASE DONT TEAR IT DOWN!!! EVEN THO HE RIGHTEOUSLY WAS AGAINST GAY MARRIAGE. GOD BLESS MLK!!!
'I have a dream' March on Washington #Aug28 Believe in this dream. #MartinLutherKing
What an inspiration! 
And as relevant today as ever...
MLK was a true leader and had a clear and specific message and mission.
Proud participant. At the time on staff with Sen Gaylord Nelson of Wisconsin. Great Midwest liberal. Creator of Earth Day.
The reality is that we are STILL dreaming of a place HE described...The promised land... One day we will get there...We just have to wake up
Getting ready to do my #OneWomanSpeaking in honor of #Charlottesville 
In Solvang
Sent out notices
Still just #OneWomanSpeaking
#NotGivingUp
RACE AGAINST TIME. Mueller vs. Trump. Match of our lifetimes. If Meuller wins? - world can breathe. Trump wins? - the world dies #Uchoose
Pretty much.  The stakes couldn't be higher.
one of greatest man in this world ,hope whoever want their voice be heard plz ,keep peaceful dont waste anymore respects they have earned
SADLY WE ARE GOING BACKWARD, DIDNT WORK.
The dream has turned into a nightmare with #corrupt #racist trump. #RIPUSA
And now people think murder and violence is how you make positive change. What the f*ck happened?
BLM is spitting in his face in the meantime.
Think of all the amazing people who had captured the American stage and look at who is speaking right now... painful!!
Good people, do not lose heart. It is such a shock, I know. It was always there though, hidden. Challenge the enemy in the light. Win!
Poor Martin he is probably rolling in his grave. 
And today, 1000 Minister March rally/march at MLK memorial
Out of hopelessness came a dream & hope
.That 'dream' has been trashed and trampled on by the left inside the Dem Party. "...judged by the content of our character." Today not so

No Antifa's at that speech....
I have a dream of everyone getting along instead of getting divided by issues
We need another MLK!
If I were to judge the content of the character of today's black leaders, they fail miserably.  You can't fight hate with hate.
That smile...
DREAMS BECOME REALITY WITH PERSEVERANCE. Never give up, especially now.
I often wonder what the world would be like today if not for the assassinations of JFK, RFK and MLK.
Thank you, Michael! #Sad to see how much still remains to be done! Regards from NYC..
And Ironically... now we have a nightmare.
Now it's nightmare
got woke up to a new world of Trumpettes and new restrictive laws, with lawmakers that don't have a lot of vision for the future.
WOW, looks like even more people than at Trump's inauguration! Didn't know that was possible! #DumpTrump #MLK  #HumanRights #Ihaveadream
Only because Trump supporters have jobs and don't live off government payments.
I don't think his dream can true yet.  And I don't see it in the near future.
We still have dreams, but we are now awake .
King preached Non-Violence.
I hope we can honor that dream by fixing this! #pedrohernandez
Real! Thanks for this picture of hope for all Americans.
Ask a black liberal what "guarantees" their equal protection before the law- they cannot even answer. No clue! Zero. #worsethanidiots
I love this!!!  Thank you, sir!  
A truly great human being & simply amazing that NO ONE in this country has filled the void that he left over 50 years ago.
Until black communities organize & get out the vote, they will have no say, no power. MLK knew that!
What a beautiful image. Thank you for posting.
His dream is lost with all the violence
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @MittRomney @SenJohnMcCain @JebBush @GeorgeHWBush would serve well the cause of untiy by marking this day
they are unveiling hia statute at the GA state capital
@SusanPage Bob Dylan at March 1963  - "only a pawn in their game"
Where have all the inspirational leaders like MLK gone!? In their place we have Trump!?
I'll take I Have A Dream over American Carnage any day.
He's   looking down with shame!One World!
Without masks and clubs.
We desperately need someone like MLK now.
Came across this photo from Texas earlier.. What a deeply moving reminder of what Dr. King and the Civil Rights movement were fighting for.
#martinlutherking  & #JFK engaged me as a school kid in #us politics he was one of th most important forces for good of the 20th century
Yes he was they engaged me as a child too from 5he age of 7 on!  They always brought Their Higher Angels!  #IHaveADream54

A speech we all need to listen to these days

Thank you, MB. A great historian never lets us forget these important dates through all of the current chaos.
Your dream has turned into a nightmare.
@Lawrence -No more MLK's anywhere around now. If around, they would protest against the hate/bitterness mongering occurring.
We've gone from Martin Luther King's dream to a nightmare.
And now we have a rascist in the WH

@damienwoody he also didn't do it with violence and a mask covering his face.
you mean like these guys?
Tell them about the dream, Martin.
The dream needed today more than ever.
Antifa = Democratic Party would send goons to break it up
We need to replace all the confederate statues with people of significant progress in our history. More statues of people like this.
What an amazing moment in the history of our nation.
Martin Luther king Jr's Dream is One of heaven on earth

{ I or aYe } Mathematically represents God In AmerIcan lInguistics & dIctIon.

/I\
#ImpeachNowGOP
Return us to peace and decency.
@HouseGOP
#CallCongressDaily
#RemoveDisruptorTrump
IncitesHateViolenceOutrage
He dreamed our children would play together, today our children have married each other.
He dreamed of a Job Guarantee to create full employ, set minimum wage & labor standards:
I have a nightmare 24/7
God rest his soul.
and now we have a nightmare.
Night before.
And his dream was that we'd stop judging people on the color of their skin. Which is exactly what liberals have regressed us too
Remember the ghost BEFORE ME
I guess I'll NEVER be able too STOP fighting for freedom IT'S MY spirit WILL to be FREE
Greatness, when will we see that again.
That B4T guy is crazy, you know that right? He's a former cult member charged with conspiracy in 14 murders.

http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/politics/ct-blacks-for-trump-guy-rally-20170823-story.html …
But she's right. That token black guy for Trump is insane. And that's from his website. I suggest you visit it.
It's too bad we spent 54 years avoiding the words white supremacy. Not naming the enemy meant we couldn't fight it.
I'm sure that if Dr. King were alive he'd condone murdering innocent police officers.  Right?  The enemy is all who hate, black or white.
Oh Reverend King, I am so sorry for what is happening today.
The Prophet March with a sense of purpose, every revolution should bring a solution , Ones votes are the strongest weapons  in a revolution
That dream is what it is.... A dream thanks to #GOP #PresidentLocoNazi
@truahrabbis marching to MLK memorial to join #1000m4j
Be careful democrats you don't find out you traded white hoods for black mask and once again your on the wrong side of history.
A true activist. What a day in history.
Unlike the BLM who have done a total disservice to all of the good he did and love he preached.
