Now Republicans will argue that the law is already broken. But can anyone admit -- with a straight face -- that these actions *improve* it?
And nearly 2/3 of the public thinks that if you control the government, you own any problems associated with health-care law
Despicable.
Hopefully we can completely undo the damage from Obama.
There must have been something wrong with Obama care years ago
That's like saying Trump is deliberately trying to break a Yugo.
Ya can't break what's already broken junk,  only delay the inevitable fail.
Just maybe, I don't know, could it be Trump is trying to repeal & replace Obama Care because it's a unequivocal disaster?
trump is an enemy of the State. He is a chaos agent for Russia. Destabilize the U.S. and her Allies. His list from Putin almost complete.
Putin IS Trumps Base
You can't break history.
And one of the 1st things he said was not to enforce the mandates, so younger healthier pop. Not penalised for not enrolling.
No, he didn't. Obamacare broke itself, it's a foolish thing. All Trump has done is take the edge off the failed parts.

His actions are so hateful.
If trump really thought the ACA was "broken", or "imploding", or "a total disaster", why would he be working so hard to sabotage it?
True. So true.
He sure is! Russia wants us to break as well! The oligarchs want it all! They r addicted to money  that’s all they want!
And your freedom
@yottapoint Trump is pathologically jealous: enough to kill vulnerable people who need their healthcare.

It's now Trumpcare, with all of its warts and problems. Trump broke it, now he owns it.
He succeeded at breaking existing law. He owns it now. TrumpCare.
Fucks: American people, insurance companies, taxpayers, stock market, Gov't budget, deficit, GOP... when will they get it?
Now we call it #TrumpDontCare
This action makes my  sick.
Sabotage Watch: Tracking Efforts to Undermine the ACA

https://www.cbpp.org/sabotage-watch-tracking-efforts-to-undermine-the-aca …
After all of this then he threatens Dems 2 come 2 the table.  How is this great again ?  Bully in Chief.
Mr. Murray can u scan a copy of the price u pay for ur health insurance & what ur coverage is? Let’s see how u relate to people under ocare.
That's like saying my child keeps trying to draw on the wall with crayon. He's not trying, he's doing it.
Yes and every single American that has lost their doctor, their plan & gets taxed for not having ocare will love & respect Trump for this.
#UnfitToBePresident #DerilectionOfDuty #ThreatToOurCountry #25thAmendmentNow                                           HE GOLF'S TO MUCH!
I'll believe ppl will hold GOP responsible when the headlines directly reflect cause and effect.

Most have not done it for CSR uncertainty
Grounds for Impeachment
Tried to break people’s actual healthcare. Stop calling it “Obamacare” like it’s done vague thing. It’s being able to see a doctor
Also, the country.
@mmurraypolitics The Moron now owns TRUMPCARE and should be brought up on charges for dereliction of duty He's deflecting the Oath of Office
If the law is broken then it is imperative that the law breakers be held accountable! Double standards must end.
I used to refer to him as The Dump. Now he is c-diff.
How to fix ACA: If there's a "purple" district in your region, volunteer to help @TheDemocrats Get Out The Vote & win that seat! Pls RT
So we have a tyrant in the White House . And nobody does anything .

We are called to defend and safeguard human life, especially in the mother’s womb, in infancy, old age and physical or mental disability.
Ok fine.
So what ever happened to letting it implode? Was it not imploding quickly enough??? Why this measure?
"OWN IT??"  I'm willing to match on into the White House, and" TATTOO" it on his forehead!
He needs to be removed immediately under #25thAmendment
Once again he shows his complete lack of empathy for those not born into luxury, and a complete absence of basic humanity..  #25for45
You are such a shill.
So I'm an accomplice of a hawker??  How when I'm the hawker selling death
You're more like the hawker of nonsense.
Jerks like u want Civil War... Careful or you may get it and you Conservative racists once again pushed back into poverty and Reconstruction
All you are doing here is proving how deluded you are. All conservatives are racist? That's ridiculous.
Im lost?? But thats the plan right?
ATTENTION @realDonaldTrump SUPPORTERS!!! Remember this when y'all health insurance gets worst!! @realDonaldTrump did this to y'all!!
his zombies will blame the dems or Obama its all they know
If it's so terrible why do they need to sabotage it?
