Not so-Senate tweeks/changes bills. Stop being disingenuous.
Ok, so we just start running prog. on FOX saying this has all been a simulation, and none of it is real. Maybe DT will believe it and leave?
Remember they did not pass shit today, O care is still law of the land. What they did do, is become former GOP congressman and women.
Word. They will end up killing off everyone that voted for them in the first place, and the rest of us hate them.
Did F*x 'News' tell you the whole story? Nope. @JoeBiden
Yeah, they seem to have smacked you pretty hard. @JoeBiden


First person I literally almost hate TRUMP trying to make us a dictatorship
Yes but erectile dysfunction is still A-OK
The @GOP Party = The Party of Misogyny.
Dems are party of baby killers. 58 million killed thru abortion and counting.
GOP has eclipsed that number and will continue to do so.
GOP will be complicit in deaths of many people. GOP only care about fetuses. As soon as they're born, those little guys are on their own.
Nice Dem talking point. Fortunately facts prove otherwise. Prolife groups everywhere offer $$, care, hand up.
You live an amazing life of unknowing idiocy.
Projecting I see
Millions of Americans will lose coverage. Up to the Senate now. Hoping for courage to return.
If only ... we miss you
Disgraceful!! Come back @JoeBiden we need you desperately 
This was one of the saddest days in American history - yet @GOP cheered the fact 24M people will lose insurance & thousands will die. SAD
Joe, u gave us trash.
Here are some of the "winners" in the Republican fight to destroy American lives. @SpeakerRyan looks extremely pleased abt it. @JoeBiden
That's because he gets a different healthcare plan that he doesn't even have to pay for. What say we strip congress of all their benefits?
It would be fitting. But I'm not willing to harm their children, despite their hating MY family. @MadPiet @SpeakerRyan @JoeBiden
Good call. We certainly do not need to stoop to their level of convenient callousness. 
Thanks Jen

T RUMP  C are =  Genocide Care
Come back Joe! We need you!!!
Note: erectile dysfunction is covered. But not pregnancy. Someone please explain that to me. Oh wait…white men wrote this bill. Never mind.
Viagra but not birth control. #AHCA
So sick of male privilege.
Obama Care is gone. This isn't a welfare state pedo.
Obama care needs two corrections 1) pay in for Medicare for 55-65 2)public option for all others see Ventura County Ca
House spending millions of our tax dollars to ruin ACA. Holding out hope that Senate has the know-how to get it right.
GOP expected to do a lot of back peddling and that Senator save them news alert not happening GOP goodbye good luck and good riddance
Not yet! Still fighting!!
We both know this dies instantly in the Senate Mr. Vice President.  I do thank you for your courage to stand up to this garbage though.
Biden/Warren 2020. @JoeBiden
We miss you, Joe Biden.
I am one of those he will be murdering

Thank you for speaking out.  Would you consider running for President?
@JoeBiden     What he said !!!!
I always felt safe with you and President Obama. I am sad and scared now. Thank you Joe for your compassion, warmth and love.
I think far more than half of the country feels exactly the same. But hey since everyone vilified hillary, we all lose.
Don't forget, we also lost because the DNC & DWS ran the least popular candidate and didn't run the candidate who would have beat them both
I'm well aware. These people seem to think we are sore about the election- NO! We are sore about what trumps doing to our country!!!!
I know  All I ever hear is how they won and we lost. Like it was some kinda game. And now Trump is playing with people's lives.
Because they don't care. They all have made it clear, the only thing that matters to them is money- NOT Americans or America
And now Obana selling out for $400,000 speeches. You were used.
Irish mom, trump sold u out 2 russia.  such a hypocrite...sad
Ya & what the United States needs is a brilliant former VP to run for President. Know anyone who's qualified because our country needs him!
Can you please run for President? Pleeeezzzeeee 
Trump, Republicans, and every single American who voted for them should be deeply and permanent ashamed. @JoeBiden
Nope.  I'm not.  Cheering them on as they destroy the retched past regime one day at a time.  A president who backs up his promises? Awesome
He promised the American people time and again to take care of them all and cover preexisting conditions. He lied. @mdbrown10 @JoeBiden
All these people gloating about their compatriots' misfortune tend to get surprised when THEIR cancer isn't covered. @mdbrown10 @JoeBiden
Enough with the hand wringing already.  Change is coming whether we argee or not.  Liberals are freaking cause they're afraid of change
I'm freaking because my 8 yr old daughter has an incurable disease and much needed services may not be covered.
I'm so sorry you're going through this. It's inexcusable. @fsandoval720 @mdbrown10 @JoeBiden
Yo, Franc...I don't wanna be that guy but if it's incurable, then....yea
It is ok Joe! The women and men of the RESISTANCE are coming for them! 2018 YEAR OF THE DEMOCRAT! GOP HAVE NO IDEA THE SHIT SYIRM COMING!
That was SHIT STORM auto correct took over.
@GOP  @SenateGOP  @HouseGOP When Obama/Biden left...WH taken over as an asylum and you all are complicit. History will mark your cowardice.
The damn administration doesn't even know what effing month it is - on the worse possible day to screw that up.
How about our Vet's? Those who served, trump claims to respect.
It is a Day of Shame; have no idea of costs; unaffordable, no protection for pre-existing conditions, mental health, women & addiction. 
Today #HatetrumpsHealth and it is truly a sad day
that is a lie no loss on pre existing conditions.the people already know this so why are you lying.screwed the middle class with obamacare
Save us Joe Biden
I've never been so scared in my life...... Somebody save us...

Thank you for continuing to have a voice for us who feel like we have none!!
Over 130M people have a pre-existing condition. There's a reason such people are also the poorest. Profits over country
YOU ARE THE SHAME OF CONGRESS! BEN CARSON HAS THE PLAN THAT WILL WORK, BUT OH NO, DEMONRATS WONT HEAR CARSON OUT! YOU WILL BE VOTED OUT!!
How do we change this?! It scares me very much.
There's still time Mr. Vice-President! 

If we raise our voices across the land, we have a chance to keep this from becoming law!
This is basically Scar from Lion King ruining the pride land w help from his hyena friends. Simba will save us! #MayTheFouthBeWithYou
Where's Simba?? 
Under Trumpcare my child, a Type 1 Diabetic, can be refused the insulin she needs to live...what a waste the Republican party is
We will fight for her. #theresistance
everynday is a day of shame for congress they are the staunchest ally of North Korea
Joe they all knew about Russia and all took money from Russians! Including Paul Ryan McConnel and Chavettes etc. now Spicer is connected too
Joe Trump is an illegitimate President! A rigged Election does not make a winner! Fight them! We cannot let them get away with hurting peopl
Love you Joe Biden 
Mr. Vice president, I would love to call you Mr. President in 2020. You would have beaten Trump, hands down. Please run in 2020
Same scare tactics you used to shove OBCARE down our throats!
LIAR! DEMON-RAT! Don't bother to call me back! You will be voted OUT BY THE RIGHT!! PROMISE!
Bull shit
Democrats continue to lie about everything not socialist
Liar
I was mental health clinician since 2004 and this is shameful!
Remember the date November 6, 2018. Midterm elections. Vote them all out! #VoteThemOut
Dog gone skippy
Yes because single men really need to pay for maternity care
Because single men can't impregnate a woman?
The woman needs the coverage then...or they exempt from responsibility for their own health care ?
Many women lose coverage w/ pregnancy due to getting fired.
And, is the resulting child not also his?
Do you even understand how insurance works?
Been dealing with health insurance specifically for a few decades, so yes.
So if I walk in with a pregnant woman who is not on my policy my insurance will cover her care because I have maternity coverage?
Dear Joe now that the Republicans,bill has passed,house,they need to let Obama care implode,working people can't afford to use it
What do you think about single payer healthcare like in Canada? Its vastly cheaper, with greater quality than in America.
Quit spewing propaganda Biden. ObamaCare was the worst bill in this country's history! Hundreds of billions of taxpayer money wasted!
Thanks Joe you probably actually read the damn bill.
Remember you said you would like to meet aTrump behind the gym. How about me, maybe you would like to meet me. I doubt it tough guy.
#Medicare4All  #Trump-NOT-care   Vote them out in 2018!
Help us get rid of him Joe! Bring along Barack!
#Fake
It still needs to pass Senate, it won't make it. If it does by some crazy possibility, there's no way in hell a supreme court will pass it.
Make those senate  lines ring - jam the switchboard on this hate care bill. Will remember all those who promoted, drafted and voted 
I give it a year then Dems will control the house
Mental health was gone last year under #ACA . Where you been? 

@JoeBiden 
#FridayFeeling 
#CincoDeMayo 
#JobsReport
What? It's still covered under ACA
No. It wasn't. Many I know on #ACA couldn't get counseling covered this past year. Discontinued.
That's crazy. I just went and started seeing a doc for anxiety right after this latest family loss :( ACA needs fixing not totally repealed
#ACA is total shit. Also, history. Thank God.
#fakenews
If the DNC didn't decide to cheat for Hiliary, socialized healthcare would be still in place.
Sickness & disease got much worse under 0bama-care. I hope it is totally repealed. I hope diseased foul smelling DemRATS get fumigated.

Brainwashed serfs on the DemRAT Nanny State Plantation are so deceived because they keep feasting on lies and swimming in dung.
Something very #FISHY about how fast this bill slid through while the other one got stuck in the Senate.  What up?
You also mean sky high premiums, no providers, and women's birth control for men are gone too right? Hello? *crickets *
Happy Biden & Obama's lasting legacy item is Kaput! Obama will go down as 1 of the worst Pres ever. And Biden is a plagiarizing bumblebutt
Even more shameful than a mentally unfit leader: those Reps who created, then voted for this American catastrophe with reckless abandon.
You're a man that has spread lies, corruption and evil your entire life.
No so. Period.
And yet they consider themselves "Pro Life!" The level of cruelty and hypocrisy is astounding...
Hey, but if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor Joe.
Just another sad day for Americans at the hands of the Trump regime
SHAME on the House GOP 4 voting #AHCA Trump's #Deathcare 

Jam -lines of GOP Senators. Phone #'s
https://twitter.com/animaeme/status/860303065693339648 …

#VoteNoAHCA
 Senate needs 50 votes to pass #AHCA 
 GOP Senators to #VoteNO 

If messages r full TEXT Resist to 50409 & send Fax…
You should listen to the American people when we speak. Just like we spoke when we elected Trump. #MAGA
People are missing you and your Buddy.....
Shameful. Please America, start voting these monsters out in 2018. Signed, Canada.
Thank you Mr. Biden for just being a good person
Okay Indivisible groups - it's on. We need a new plan for when our elected officials literally turn off their phones. Cowards.
I wonder how many of the people who will be affected by these changes either voted for Trump or stayed home on Election Day
And rape. Just think about the impact of that on woman now. Report or lose coverage
come back.

You should have run!  The nation and world would have been in a much better place...
So JOE your party cares about their big money donors,and elitist,it's more about their party,than their country,there going crazy!
I miss you uncle Joe 
So the money saved from less health care is going to go towards... Trump's wall?
Who pays for it plugs? #statist #socialismsucks #liberalssuck #stayoutofourlives #LIBERTY
Should get the facts right.
Such a shame....I can only hope it goes no further
We got emptied of health care benefits while they got full of money from the insurance companies
I'm sad today, but tomorrow will awaken to fight harder.
And the Trump/Republican voters are STILL so brainwashed that they'll blame Hillary/Obama/Dems for losing healthcare.
Run Joe - Run!
Thank you Joe Biden for all you do and have done for the American people with little or no thanks!  
I Wish You Would Have Run, They Would Have No Answer For The Amazing @JoeBiden
We have FREE health care for ALL at a high standard Health care tp here in Australia but our current PM trying destroy that right now
Sad, sad day for America and mankind.
Sad, sad day.......
All the money gained, not to decrease the budget, but to fatten the pockets of those in power.
the Senate Health Bill Committee -12 men - 2 from TX, 2 UT, 2 WY, &1 from KY,TN,SD,AR,CO,&OH-Looking very "oily" and "Kochy" to me.
This is a lie. The bill is not taking away these services. It changes the way they are paid for. Obamacare is failing its better than nothin
Forcing that "care" for people to buy is worse. Give me the liberty to buy a private healthcare option that suits me.
Not so Joe!!!!  Stop with the scare tactics!  I know that's all you got........OCARE is dying. My condolences for u socialists.
Trumpcare will only cover the flu and that's only if you've never had it before. Sad indeed.
Would you support me Jason  Emmons We American of  United States of America can a difference
heartbreakingly disgusting.... praying the senate has more common sense.
I'm glad you're gone!
#Medicare4All now!!!
Joe Biden has spoken.

This shit is real af. Poor people will die, because of those who voted Republican. Bow your heads in shame America.
But they got a tax cut for billionaires
Has this country lost it's mind that we are even considering this bill?
Dems should call their bluff and support #acha ONLY if they add a public option for all.  Let people choose private market or govt. coverage
Wait you didn't know? Increased subsidies to states, and allowing states to handle pre-x. We have to pass the bill to see what else is in it
dead americans. the world rejoices
Lulululululululul
I just dropped in (to see what condition my pre-condition was in)

We have to pass it to know what's in it. -Pelosi
Please...help us...please help us....
Lead the way Joe. Americans need to know.
2nd fav strategy #1 racial politics-#2 FEAR MONGERING  hysteria of left/proggresive/Dems on the sad manipulated viewers of corporate media.
We miss you @BarackObama in office. I didn't stress like I do now. I am concerned about having bought a house as a single mother.
Kinda like purpose of prison shd not b 2 punish OR coddle - shd b 2 protect society.
#SayItAintSoJoe #ACAsadDay
Wonder how many of Our American Kids going to suffer over this. Lets bomb a country for gassing kids, and kill ours by taking medical SMART
Everyone in Congress needs 2put their big boy& girl panties on & work on best possible solution for American people/ no political agenda!!!
Hey Joe! Why aren't you gone yet? You were nothing but impeachment insurance for Obama. You ,or him,don't matter anymore! So go away!
Jeez, not yet, dude!
Election Day 2018 is going to be a Big Fucking Deal.
Trumpets are full of misinformation. I use my ACA insurance, don't get a subsidy, deductible is $2600/yr, had 56 plans to choose from.
Terrible dishonesty Creepy Joe.
Upper class healthcare is whats coming now, touch of the "ein volk" super race by trump
But wait Joe look at what our 'rep
 @DevinNunes says.....it's gonna be SO much better!  in #CA22

#NunesMustGo
#AndrewJanzforCongress
So sad but at the end THE GOOD will ein. 
Also in Germany your service will never be forgotten!!!!!
TIME TO FIGHT
Please no
Can we please discuss this at the next #BidenInstitute event?
Let's not treat and cover those with pre-existing mental health care woes, but let's allow the same people to purchase firearms. This GoP.
@SpeakerRyan We pay you to protect our most vulnerable citizens. Wait until your next job review. @WipeHomophobia @PPact @AARP @NIMHgov
We need POTUS44, FLOTUS, VPOTUS and VFLOTUS cloned like yesterday!!!! Y'all know who Frederick Douglass was..right? LOL
It ain't over yet; we can still take it down in the Senate.
Back to bed old man Joey! Your era is finished. Ride your crappy Amtrak train and be happy
We had 7 yrs of shame of OBAMACARE didn't see 1 democrats even put forth any help all we saw was more higher prices &deductible shame on you
So until the democrats start working to help instead of fighting President Trump on everything maybe they should SHUT UP
Thank you, Mr. Vice President, for keeping up the fight.
@MomRovin but the bill hasn't passd yet
Thank you
Day of shame was when Muslim terrorist Obama was elected.
Come back grandpa
But on the bright side we will still be able to watch drug ads listing offensive side effects for diseases we can no longer afford to have.
Republicans 2010: Obamacare is the worst healthcare legislation in the history of America

Republicans 2017: Hold my beer
My heart is breaking; all of Pres. Obama's accomplishments done 4 the betterment of our country, 8yrs of hard work.. systematically gone
GOP are arrogant,no empathy party of Morons.
Thank you, Mr. Vice-President. I will work for the defeat of Republicans in 2018.
What do Trumpettes think is going to shield them from this healthcare disaster? Their plastic decoder ring?
Joe please help get the vote out and stop the GOP
