President Trump is most pro-LGBTQ rights @POTUS in history. Why's that story not written in mainstream media? http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/jan/31/white-house-tries-calm-fears-gay-rights-rollback/ …
Dear Ms. Sam,

Who was the worst president - Trump or Hugo Chavez.  Also should Trump get a parrot?

And... the flag is upside-down. (Many have already said this, but it's worth mentioning again.) THE FLAG IS UPSIDE DOWN, MR. PRESIDENT!
He's Going to Be Executed. For Treason.

Stop It Samantha. NOW.
Do You Think Trudeau Is Actaully A Feminist? That He Supports LGBT?

Don't Be Foolish; You Are Undermining Yourself And Me Samantha.
lol.
The most pro-LGBTQ president ever? Hahhahaha! That's hilarious. Who was president while the WH was lit up with rainbow lights to celebrate
Military need no Trannys if Trannys want to join Ok same hard doctors n hard training bootcamp no help or no hormone pills, mental fitness
Today, in @realDonaldTrump's tweets that didn't age well...
I'd wager Trump doesn't even know what the T stands for.
"Lettuce, Guacamole, Bacon & Tomato" community... Great group, makes great sandwiches... Only sandwich better is Trump"  -@realDonaldTrump

Did anyone actually believe him when he said this? Honestly asking..
I remember some gay person saying something like: There's nothing wrong in supporting Trump if you're gay, cause he supports gays, Yay!

Not written cause it's not true
Because - that's all it would be - A STORY! FAKE NEWS MOOCH!


because its NOT TRUE MOOCH! That WOULD be FAKE news! Shut up & go home to your WIFE!.......oh. ....yea.......
This was mooch vain attempt at transparency ! How long will e last at the White House ? Long enough to get that check from China !
Buh-bye @Scaramucci. And drop the Joe Pesci routine while you're at it.
And Trump, the 'friend of the LGBTQ community', is totally silent....CAITLYN, going to revert so you can have full protection under the law?

I Get that It's Hard To Get Anything Done Without Assistance; Supporting Justin Trudeau In Any Capacity is a Mistake.
I'm "Voting" We Follow The Spanish Inquisition Model.
I Am Watching You On Colbert; Would You Actually Jump Into Justin TrudeauS Arms; Darling? He's a Corrupt Traitor. Maybe Just Upset Talk.
Wtf???
Hey samantha bee seen ur promo for ur show and the jim crow laws were created by the democrats ufuckin idiot
Then he should act like it!!!
How could anyone stomach watching the crap you put on TV ? Why do you hate this country? Why is morality and free so distasteful to you?
History changes things
@WhiteHouse job site now lists Cabinet posts as 2-3 month temp opportunities
I know exactly why @realDonaldTrump made this new rule he tryed to grab someones cat and found a dogs bone #TheResistance #dislikebutton
What a joke...
Preserved
Classic alternative facts
Bad evil flag uno Spirits jump on u not all good

Huh?
He still beleives that ine is true
#TheDouche
do you get the feeling that Trumpland is Oppositeland and everything they spew means the reverse ?
he's a real tool LOL i'm hoping to have a press announcement on http://Robertsandera.com  in morning i'm starting   To run 4pres
Does anyone think Bannon sent Scrappypoopie this card after today's oratorical gift to the world?
#onthecomeback #punintended
Contrary to popular belief serving in the military is not a right!
Ummmm maybe cause IT'S NOT TRUE!
So once again Trump tries to champion what he doesn't respect, nay, what he actively disrespects & expect the offended party to love him? 
Well I guess we now know why that story wasn't written in the mainstream media.
 What happened?
Scaramucci must be getting a whole lot of money, cause he is kissing a whole lot of DJT b_ _t.  They are dumb and dumber.
cause it is an obvious lie?
He should be ashamed of himself for telling such lies.
"A swirling malignant vortex of deceit and duplicity" is the best quote I have heard about POTUS and WH. My new mantra!  Thank you Samantha!
Let me know if you can help me with this matter and I will not to hurt
As a retired, hetero, war vet I think it should be all or nothing; if gays can serve so should trans. The med costs factor is a cop out.
It's not written because it's not true!
@realDonaldTrump just wants to ensure Trans have the same opportunity to shamelessly dodge military service as he had growing up. #MAGA
oh ya!!!
The Radical Moronic Presidency.  New episodes air hourly.  Stay tuned for the misadventures of the Moron and his supporting cast.
Ahhh, because it's a LIE
oopsie
Professional rights obstruction. = pro
 let's celebrate
The biggest GANG of LIARS that have ever seen in my life.   The Mooch is just doing his front stab to the American people.
Anthony now has the tRUMP taint.
@POTUS knows what's best for #America #USA. #DonaldTrump rocks.
no one remembers any thing they say but we do our brains are intact unlike DC's mush they call brains.
@POTUS PS they want their flag back!
@POTUS because trump wanna be, he never has! They are talking points to non bible belt states!

Absolutely unbelievable. #brokenpromises #lies
Oh and the Donald wants to take away our rights as well.  25th.
What did you expect from the first gay president. As for me and about 42 million other people we've had enough of this liberal crap
LOL
Every Trump voter will be punished for voting, except the filthy rich maybe
Truman was!!! Not Trump!
Oops. I'm sure he will get on it soon!
Because your bosses dont own mainstream media yet. By mainstream I mean governed by journalist ethics.
Most pro LGBT? Are you confused on what pro LGBT means or just stupid?
Now we know why it wasn't written about...it's fake news
@FullFrontalSamB i've never met a single person who could suffer through more than 5 minutes of your show
Seriously??? He thinks he is the most pro-LGBT rights President??? Like he is the most Presidential as well??? He is a joke!!
What in God's name is this windbag smoking or snorting??
LOL !

Scaramucci you are less believable then the one before u,at least. He wasn't as pathetic as u are,u are a joke!!!!!
Well this is awkward, even for this dysfunctional regime (not an administration). So many lies.
It's like sitting with Winston Smith at his desk at Minitrue some days with these twitter accounts.
@chivymas @Scaramucci 
Or
@chivymas @Scaramucci
@chivymas @Scaramucci 
What LGBTQ means to the tRump CRIME FAMILY 
Lawyers 
Goons 
Billionaires 
Traitors 
Quislings
Actions speak louder than words!  His actions speak loud and clear!
Ordered a "Nasty Woman" t-shirt and never received it. ??????
This guy is as delusional as trump
Those campaign claims another great example of how "straight talking" was the real fake news.
Love you Sam
#lgbtrightsarehumanrights
trans isn’t possible you are born man or woman. Trump is talking about protecting from Jihaid not consigning BS
This preside is an actual joke. I hope someone takes him out quickly. 
He just wants them to be safe from military service...like he was.
I love it when ya tell it like it is....keep on throwing the punches of truth....and helping America to be able ta laugh at pres.Howdy Duty
Ha! Ha! Funny
Not so pro-LGBTQ anymore. @realDonaldTrump is a fake.
And what about "The Mooch's" BBC Interview, Davos 2016??! https://www.google.co.uk/amp/www.bbc.co.uk/news/amp/35373349 …
Just bc Transgenders aren't military qualified doent mean POTUS is against them. Diabetics can't serve either! Many can't serve.
You forgot that you're not funny.
Transparent as the bullshit they r standing in and spreading. Mooch just trying to get on pardon list for when his creative banking revealed
You never complained when they were banned for 7 of 8 years under Obama. Shit your mouth!
Sad.
YES!!!! Why is this not written? Anthony,  i hope you LOVE LOVE  LOVE  LOVE LOVE your new job
Hey Mooch - your tweet is finally getting the exposure you wanted! Congrats! Are there WH shoe covers for when 45 pees on everyone's shoes?
Nice find!
Mini me Trump puppet....Scaradouchey!
@Scaramucci (a mook) just heard his opinion change...
#TrumpRussia #PWND #TheResistance
#UFC #NFL #MMA #NBA
#GoldenShowers #ShitSandwich
Hahahahaha he is such a joke of a president
Seems like Twitler *said* in an "official communication," that he was gonna roll back something...
Maybe because it does not become true just because you say so?
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaaaaa!!!
Nice one, Tony!  Good work!
Our glorious Persident Trump's trans ban is saving the life of many trans. Please give him a big thank you for caring for their well being.
Exactly, let's get it to the media.  Hum, wonder who could do that for "We the People"
 FUCK TRUMP
Trumps ban of transgender in military is not personal - it was a common sense business decision
as somebody who is as gay as the day is long @FullFrontalSamB I want to thank you so much for using your voice to call out bullshit. thank u

It's written now & it's brought to u by both sides of Trump's mouth.
well it is from a right wing rag like The Washington Times ..  It's about as legit as National Enquirer..
Could be because the Clownstick is a walking contradiction, hypocritical full frontal "queef bag" (define queef) panty wearing nutsack?
Still with the gaslighting!
Love your name tag 
Any gender can pull a trigger.
Oh boy, karma. 
Or is it just plain stupidity?
Trump probably use that pride flag as a handy wipes. To wipe his own ass on the toilet. Does he ever cared about LGTB. Now he betrayed u all
Republican men are so amazing. Their abilty to change significantly from minute to minute is impressive.
Har har har, it is to laff!
Wish there was a permanent ignore button for you SamB!!!!!! File 13
So... will he just call it the LGB community now?
@RayLong @Scaramucci - DW Schultz & Awan Brothers unmasked ?
Lol..
Good Catch!!!
Looks like the gets got thrown under the Trump train

Still true.  Tax payers should not have to pay for other people's choice to change their gender
He is busy trying to figure out if Reince stole his low fat dingleberry yogurt and smoked turkey sandwich from the White House fridge.
With Trump, his administration and supporters, someone else is always to blame.Trumps mantra:It wasn't my fault, it was (fill in the blank).
LOL

This decision is more proof that Trump is a puppet & others pull the strings. He tweeted that he 'listened 2 the generals'. HE can't  think!
Touché F'n Ché.
Scaramouche is a clown, a clown for the ages, clown of clowns still chasing Fricasso down through centuries. Ellis Island joke that lived.
A-holes.
Sleezy Mcsleazeball.
Excellent catch @FullFrontalSamB. Thank you for pointing out the hypocrisy.

It's mainstream media now!
@Scaramucci is going to be an interesting footnote when this unfolds. If he leaves now he might avoid jail time.
Who cares! Only you!
Because he's a two-faced liar.
Thank goodness you aren't, Sammie, it shows your true IQ.  Keep 'em coming.  Your "serious" responses are as comical as your comedy.  Thanks
@POTUS fucking right
Scammer's first new hire should be a Director of Deleting, that'd be the busiest job going in The White House vaudeville show.
Smooch was busy removing his lips from Donald's...
Scaraducci is saying anything to please his new bff. Remember when he was pro Hillary and knocked Trump. Now he has done an about face.
Hahaha, he didn't know his love fest would come back and bite him so quickly
Uh oh... it's the TAINT!
Damn she gotcha "Moochie"

Directly @Scaramucci you're kind of a dummy, huh?
Yeah, we can see that in his tweets earlier today. So transparent. Eric Menendez over there better start telling the truth!! #Resist
Thank you, SamB, it seems our politicians an underlings have very short memories an that their opinions change like wind off a landfill
