
Ur great
The whole #Haitigate team together again !
Did we forget Puerto Rico is legally a part of the United States? Why are we still not giving them aid?

Investigate Hillary Uranium Gifts 2 Russia, Not Trump - Flopping Aces http://smq.tc/2loCMGk  #MAGA #PJNET #TCOT 
Bonjour
Have a great year, from my family to yours! May God continue to America!
lol the so called people who "care" ffs you just want the spotlight again :P
Just do you Clinton and your whole clip family I’m so sorry that the world has this on her to your family you are great and will always be one of the great presidents just like all the Bush Family in the Barack Obama and All the presidents that came before you

Pre-sale begins March 23, 2018 ends 30 March 2018
Crowdsale starts 11 april 2018 ends 11 april 2018
How to get free TSP
$TSP @Tokenspeed #Crowdsale @wavesplatform $waves 

I can't wait to see you all #LockedUp

They web of lies and years of corruption is unraveling before our eyes..

The truth is coming..
#LockThemAllUp #MAGA 
You crook Slick Willy!
This is where @realDonaldTrump should send that $1M. Then these guys could verify receipt.
They need to find where the $$ that was intended for Haiti that the Clinton Foundation stole is first.
If Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders  runs for president in 2020 who will you vote for ?
You needed (None of the above) Shawn. Lol
Lol I tweeted this in bill Clinton's Thread  only 17 people voted 2 retweets and most of them are Bernie Sanders supporters 4 hours ago lol
     That's hilarious.
Is there money to be made here? Haiti money running low?
All the political elites who sold out our country in one video
glass half full... : DONATE TO THOSE IN NEED... glass half empty...how many prez did u live thru that u wanted to rechoose voting process?
Hire me : https://goo.gl/WuzNW6 
my portfolio:http://rtahmin.com 
Hey Billy boy y don't u take all the Arkansas coke money "Clinton Foundation" money & everything u stole from Hati and rebuild it yourself !
Do not send a dime to these scam artists. They got rich doing ths very thing. If they really wanted to help they would be doing the donating
You & the rest of the ex-Presidents all work for the Rothschilds & the NWO but now you care about the people? Really?
hello
hello
Where's the Haiti money go, Bubba?
He That Is W/ Me Is Real_He Shows Me All Things_I Always Try VeryHard 2Do The Things Pleasing 2Him_Respectful Sincerely
#OneAmericaAppeal
How much did the Clinton Foundation give??????????
http://ThePayz.com/?refer=36928 
Oh my God another play charity how much you’re going to make on this one
Crawl back in ur hole pervert
How many millions of $$$  did any of you former Presidents donate? Hmmmmm?
I really like this commercial
Not with Clinton and Obama able to lay hands on the money...we'd never see a penny!!
@BarackObama Ah, 'Hurricane I didn't have sex with that woman Bill' & 'sharp talker but weak Obama' leaving DT to clear up. @realDonaldTrump
You Presidents don,t need http://foundation.You  all are rich why don't pay from your pockYou except people live month to month to pay.
You past Presidents better instead of begging for money from poor people. Have a heart pay money from your own pockets. Not to beg.
The people of Haiti are still waiting for their money you stole from them.
Your wife would have been more dangerous had she been elected. But the people can see the devil in her.
Showtime!
@HillaryClinton with you,  we get two.  http://truthfeed.com/hillary-clinton-beyond-sociopathy/26967/ … say,  where's Haiti 's money? right. wedding dresses.
No cares what perverts say!
I SEEN THIS MOVIE BEFORE
DEJA  VU, I SEEN THIS MOVIE BEFORE
Where do we send the paper towels?
Hilary is dangerous 
That is what make America really great.
Has Haiti received their money?
I love America and Americanians
You all are laughing because you will keep the money. Sick dogs

So they can rob like they did to Haiti! Many years of devastating earthquake 10 billion in donations and still looks like a shith*le!
Oh STFU
Will your "foundation" keep the money sent to help people, just like what happened in Haiti?
You should campaign aggressively NOW for Puerto Rico... Where are you guys?
Hey are u pulling another Haiti scam
#Rapist....  You all should be #prosecuted maybe not #JimmyCarter
How about the Haiti $$$? Join you?  You mean make you richer, right??? Nah, I'll donate to charity not Gangsta Clinton & co.
How much donated will truely get to Texas.
Hey bill!!! grope any women lately?????
https://twitter.com/USNJack/status/867883287506825217 …
How
Rogelio nieto García Imágenes de amor para celulares PocketLIVE Joined the Room Russia T-mobile
That is exactly right William, we are too edify one another, we are to point out and admire one another for our differences!
@HillaryClinton a true dad to the nation

Barack Hussein HELPING in #PuertoRico, #Texas and #Florida:
Are you going to take advantage of this tragedy like you did in Haiti?
And Hillary as well !!
WHY would we send money to you crooks to embezzle half of it when we can donate to NON-profits!?
Wow! just imagine what just the Clinton foundation could do with its enormous bankroll? So what are you doing?
All the thieves looking for money to line their pockets!!
Yea ,maybe your foundation could help some of the people out like you did in Haiti.
Sad when the only important people are victims of natural disasters, who most likely have insurance. What about the homeless or soon to be
Like myself, soon to be homeless and no support for me or the millions of others living on the streets who do not want to be there
The Clinton Foundation has announced that it is sending ...
You passing out cigars you're a dirt bag zero respect for you two
Very interesting that president number 45 is not on this video........
Omg, I hope that organization 's not owned by u.
Can't trust you! You rip people off while they suffer! #RememberHaiti ?
It's good to hear encouragement and support from our former leaders. It's not like we're getting it from our current so called leader.
Haiti
What happened to hillious monies
Cancer is unstoppable http://amp.dailycaller.com/2017/03/02/congressional-black-caucus-lives-high-in-luxury-resorts-restaurants/ …
Ha even have bush in there. Bill you just wish you were the one being blown, just ask Monica!
Why are you meddeling and side pandering?
@Bill Clinton Now this is presidential! Have donated my max. Hope all Americans donate something. Thank you!
whoever supports Bill is crazy, but i'll consider you less crazy if you support Hillary
Traitor terrorist Obama   and Bill the Rapist. 
 Both are  CORRUPTS
So proud of @POTUS @realDonaldTrump response to these disasters. #MAGA
My name is Bill Clinton and the only thing I love to do more than help people is rape. Wooooooweee boy do I love to rape tha ladies!
We all need to say some prayers for all the babies and mothers who had abortions. God would never want Abortion! Thank God for Trump
Where is the money for  poor victims of Haiti?

Kim Jong-un Loves North Korea More then USA Last 5 Presidents Love United States as @jimmykimmel & 5 USA presidents play Hurricane Carter.
@jimmykimmel 5 USA presidents allowed North Korea to B Nuclear Power threatening United States & its Allies #TakeAKneeNFL Bow to Kim Jong-un
@jimmykimmel 5 USA presidents who allowed North Korea to become a Nuclear Power threatening United States & its Allies hide behind Hurricane
WE NEED YOU FOR Puerto Rico.
yet no trump LOL
Is Puerto Rico included in this now?
PR needs our help asap, please you and Obama should go there and do what you can. Thank you and take your lovely wife with you too. PR is US
Jimmy Carter a known anti-semite, Obama a known muslim apologist, Bush Jr/Sr, invented global terrorism!
Bill Clinton gives me the creeps. OMG
I might have disagreed with one or two of them, but at least they were real presidents. This is a great initiative.
Happy to see all past PRESIDENTS TAKING A STAND FOR HURRICANE VICTIM'S.  I FEEL WE R DEALING WITH A POTUS OF ANOTHER PLANET LOTS OF???'s
Shoot the world, tell us what you already know about the aliens
When are you going to accept your black son you don't mention him your wife doesn't mention him and your daughter doesn't mention him
Your kidding me your asking us to donate hell no look what Clinton Foundation did to the People of Haiti we are giving to Samaritan's Purse
Can you make a plea for #PuertoRico
Thank you texes
Not one dime to you till you've coughed up the $12billion that was supposed to go to Haiti. Then I'll give you a dime.
Like the Clinton Foundation helped the people of Haiti?
Do not donate to any charity they ask you to. Remember they took the money from Hattie children and paid for @ChelseaClinton  Wedding shame
If You could pass on to all of our wonderful past Presidents. How much we appreciate all that they do.

Haitians asked the Clinton's not to help them recover from the hurricane because they're trying to recover from the last time they helped...
When are you other presidents gonna donate $$ from your own pocket, like the current president, put your money where your mouth is!
I wouldn't give a dime to any of these losers.
Jimmy Carter looks like a million bucks for a 94 year old. Clean living and vitamin pills.
OH SORRY BILL WE CAN'T SEND YOU MORE MONEY TO POCKET. WHAT ABOUT HAITI? GO AWAY YOU AND YOUR WICKED WITCH OF THE WEST.
Do NOT Donate to any organization Clinton promotes.The poor people of Haiti never received money we donated thru Clinton. Donate 2 Red Cross
@HillaryClinton hi bill
Careful about donating to the Foundation . Remember what happened with Haiti. Money was misused for family purposes.
What did the Clinton Foundation do to assist all these people?
Not a damn thing there Murding laying thieves they stripped the Haitians of everything they own all the right to there gold mines and more
Weren't you impeached for ... what? Yep, that's right - having sex with a young intern in the oval office.  I have zero respect for you.
@HillaryClinton I vote no...At least to your appeal. I happily donated to the #lds church to provide humanitarian aid, not you!
So is this how you plan to funnel hurricane relief to the Dems or yourself?
Remember Haiti!
You all need to put your money where your mouth is.  We have.
Wringing your hands to get at that money, o boy o boy o boy. Did u already blow all the money u stole from Haiti earthquake victims?
Is this another Clinton Foundation?
Please slick willy... tell us how you, Hillary, & the foundation SCREWED the people of Haiti as you pocketed MILLIONS! Sick.. pls GO AWAY
So did you.
Where's money to help rebuild ? Must be in the same place all that money that was suppose to go to Haiti
Your reward is near,your deeds will be exposed , time is up Sir, it's getting close ,tick tock, Repent! Repent!Repent!its not too late#MAGA!
What? No Clinton Foundation to help like you did in Haiti? Oh, but you DIDN'T HELP HAITI:/ But you & Hillary helped yourselves tho, as usual
How many shitty ex-president's can you put in one video?
Obama the treasonous one, Clinton the sex addict..a real trusting combo <cough>
