McConnell: Dems shouldn't be able to block circuit court judges using procedure GOP used under Obama http://hill.cm/CEf7hSe  
"How dare the democrats play the game under the same rules we wrote. They should play the game under different rules. Those are our rules."
I will never understand how GOP elects these guys who behave and think like kindergartners. Always whining when they don't get their way!
Exactly.  You can't have this speech and then cry when you don't get your way.

Sen. McConnell Speech
Hurts when the other side uses your tactics 
It's called "Beating them at their own game" and it is KARMA for their infantile behavior during the 8 Obama Years. I love it.
McConnell picking up pieces of his dignity and nuts of the Floor
Thank you, well said. Karma!
Good god. @MitchMcConell is delusional. This Man openly admitted to blocking everything Obama did including a supreme court judge.
These guys are just realizing they're "on the way out the door"! A little suck-up won't hurt 'em!
I can't go out the door...years of poor Senate lighting have made me vampiric.  Sunlight will fry me.

Oh FFS @SenMcConnell ~ 1. Make your twitter feed open to public. 2. You hypocrite you. 3. How can you stand yourself? 4. Retire. It's time.
Someone is chicken of the truth @SenateGOP @senatedems Is this even legal? Professional account NOT Personal!!
Does mcconnell even know what he said?  Time for him to step aside
Needs to be put out to pasture 
I would argue that headlines need to be accurate and truthful regardless of whether or not readers are likely to go on to the article.
Agreed.....
McConnell is the worst!
If dems win senate in 2018 and block a Trump SC pick....get ready to call a @SenateMajLdr hypocrisy whaaambulance.

haahaaaa
Is It Hypocrisy Or Treason? McConnell Is Loyal ONLY To Koch's TParty Agenda Of Dismantling Of Democracy IMO
lol!! kiss that copy editor! :)
...on the LIPS 
Great....a 2-faced turtle
Traitors to our Democracy! McConnell should be in prison.
Amen......can I scratch your little tummy
Dems should not be able to use the rules that McConnell abused for years in the Senate...
I think he's rather "possessive" of his tactics
Yertle the Turtle is going down
Tried his BEST to repeal ACA...with an evil glint in his eye....
Eventually when @GOP loses power, the "what goes around comes around" reality principle is going to smack them upside the head
Looking for the DAY!!
#hypocrisy
GOP101
What's good for goose is good for the gander! Don't you think Mitch!!!
Mitch McConnell may or not be an alien sent here to destroy the world.
WAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!
Talking to Schummer won't do anything to eliminate blue slips.

You complain about folks only reading headlines...
On Twitter?
Twitter's an INTERACTIVE social media with an EXCHANGE of opinions and ideas...
Mitch gives Turtles a bad name.
I'm not saying the Dems are a bunch of altar boys. But the hypocrisy in the GOP has gotten so large that Cassini can see it from Saturn.
...which is why, more often than not, articles get click-bait headlines these days, which leads to pointless arguments and greater divide
How do you spell relief?
Hahahaha  What an effing turtle ...
Don't you love it when a plan comes together? Craps, now they will have to change the rules again.
Shhhhh...... don't b giving ideas....
maybe if one single motherfucker talking about politics wasnt a self serving piece of shit people would care what the "news" says
This needs to go viral and stay viral.
This is a good example of why we are in the midst of this colossal shit storm. Ya gone on too long.
Alternatively: Best Democracy Fails: McConnell is a  turkey in every way.

There is literally no picture of Mitch McConnell that doesn't piss me off. Can you imagine if he had Ted Cruz's voice?! [shudders]
Why does Comrade Mitch's face ALWAYS LOOK like this?!?!?!? Cc @SenateMajLdr
Love it 
Mitch the Obstructor. #mitchtheobstructor
Please pay attention to this!
DOES @SenateMajLdr MCCONNELL KNOW HOW CRAZY HE SOUNDS OR HAS HE FORGOTTEN THAT  RACIST GOP DID THAT TO OBAMA?  DOUBLESTANDARD
SOS different day Blacks shouldn't be given same rights privileges or any other human dignities as whites
@thehill good point (headline, oh and rest of the story)

Wait... We're not able to do what they did?  @SenateMajLdr wants to change the rules every time it sits
suits his agenda.
Not how to help Americans, middle class and poor, make progress. Hell no, not @SenateMajLdr
@SenateMajLdr writes a diff set of rules for GOP. I still hear the words, 'our top priority is to prevent Obama second term".
Another evil swampster GOP member.
Headline writing USED to be a prized skill!  Now people can hardly tweet without errors.
Mc Connell is s swampster and a liar of immense magnitude
This fascist group will pay for all of these anti American moves  we will spotlight all of these awful GOP activities
Says the judge blocker in chief #hypocrisy
I swear 2 the almighty, if I ever see this man I will punch him in the fucking throat & then kick him in the balls.Provided I can find them.
Cry baby
Yes, Democrats should be able to block judges! Republican Hypocrisy!
Hahahhahahah ummm garland
TRAITOR WHO STOLE PRESIDENT OBAMA'S SUPREME COURT SEAT & IS COMPLICIT w/ RUSSIA & PUTIN'S PUPPET SELLING OUT OUR GOVT. FOR MOB MONEY!
Had to read the story to understand the headline.
Yes we must block any way we can remember Garland RESIST
If Mitch McConnell had any decency he would implode.
@nytimes this is how it is done.
He has no shame... like almost every other republican in DC.
GOP wants all rules to be in their favor. If the rule works in favor of opposition then get rid of it. Obstructionists.
Hey man, we are busy.
McConnell and the rest of the GOP seem to be immune to both hypocrisy and irony!
This is a WTF headline.
Republicans never seem to think that someday all this power they give themselves and POTUS will be available for democrats to use.
good point!
Headlines are better off w/o Brian's story there, too. Stop kissing kids. Be honest open doors. The A/C's are shutting down. @SenStabenow
Only good thing about @realDonaldTrump is watching him break it off in McConnell.
@thehill Mitch McConnell doesn't like it when Dems use GOP tactics to block their judge nominee! How does it feel Mitch buddy? Karma!
@thehill "wait...what???"
Hypocrisy is McConnell's forte
Amen
Frankly Dems should have done this as soon as it became clear McConnell was using it as a weapon.
Agreed.
My favorite is them crying about Dems obstructionism. It's like: Wow you don't  remember what you did in congress for the last 8 years?
McConnell ought to crawl back into his tortoise shell.
When I turned to the story, though, the headline was different. Hard to tell if the text has been changed since I didn't see the original.
I can't stand the blatant hypocrisy of the GOP. Why horrible people. Seriously.
Sorry, many journalists write like they are paid by the word instead of trying to be as informative as they can be.
..and memes
Poor Baby...Mitch should have thought about that when he blocked Obama's choices for the judge positions for pretty much all of that admin.
Get back in ur shell faced hypocrite!!
Typical Repub...."do as I say, not as I do".
Why won't he die already?
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp consuming compromised .@GOP Congress. @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr took Russian $/Oil Deal. Principled Republicans flee.
Mitch- fking retire already. Your Alzheimer's is starting to show.
I don't know why people aren't screaming about the hypocrisy that has been raging. Dishonesty a benchmark of this admin, GOP.
People need to protest. These judges will destroy civil rights and our political system for a generation or more. #Lifetimeappointments
and why is that mitch?  hmm?
#Garland

Come on is that the best picture of him you have because that really isn't flattering - I mean if I posted one of my GF like that 
Only if it's finished... "BIRTHED BY HARRY REID."
The level of @SenateMajLdr hypocrisy is stunning. No shame. No respect for citizens who remember. #hyopocrite #turtle

Send that headline writer to the @washingtonpost for a remedial group clinic! They're dying over there!
RIGHT WING hypocrisy,
That's the thing - the trend of clickbait headlines doesn't promise worthwhile reading. Headlines like THIS, however, make me want the info
Prayer: please God recall and do not replace evil turd macconnell asap
Yep 95% only read HL & comments
During election not only did media distort HL to be anti-H, BUT 'curated' comments to be anti-H too
x's Bils
They are the party of privilege, after all. They don't even want us sitting at their lunch counters.
Think it should be even more clear.

McConnell: Dems shouldn't be able to use same tactic to block court judges that GOP used under Obama
We found ways to be intentional w/ only 140 characters. Why can't they?

Half man half chicken
Guessing you had NYT's Peter Baker in mind.
McConnell is a thief.
Indeed. The problem with "raises Qs" headlines of last yr is most didn't read the analysis answering those Qs. They just assumed the worst
Truth.
GOP. Speaks to their moron base Get the votes and represent themselves
Yes.
When I turned to the story, though, the headline was different. Hard to tell if the text has been changed since I didn't see the original.
Sad turtle
Not only that: Obama won clear victories in both EC and PV unbesmirched by credible allegations of conspiracy to win the election!!!
The people who need to see the hypocrisy still won't. Brilliant highlights are no match for their blinders.
Paybacks are hell, aren't they?
I'd like it better with the name Garland in it, but it's good and truthful.
I wish we lived in a world where right is actually right, and wrong is actually wrong, no matter who's doing it.  I know -- crazy talk.
They get away with it because they can.  Stealing SC seat was an outrage but from media? Crickets....
He means it should only be used for negro presidents
FOH
Yes. It is.
