trump did act..unlike Obama! Who golfed and didn't do shit!
You may want to check your facts on this. Using golf is a really bad idea as it dismantles and renders your argument pointless.
<---- she was the one throwing the golf tweet around..
Okay, to be fair she merely retweeted Hannity's tweet about golf.
and I pointed out the fact that even if trump golfs he gets shit done unlike Obama!
But you know, Trump gets a free pass because he's your guy and Obama is an eevul librulz.
Dude, no offense but at this point you're looking desperate. Why do you insist upon bringing up Obama when Trump is currently in the WH?
ok haley
omg darth
should find a billboard on his commute for him to see every day
This has been suggested a few times now. Seriously, if enough people chip in we really could do it.
call Cards Against Humanity they do dumb shit
Heheh, not necessarily a bad idea. :D
Start a Go Fund Me for the framing and I am in!
I am going to do this!
Wow! No kidding. I am going to screen shot the Tweet and see how big 8 can make it before it becomes blurry.
Put this one with it.
I would go a step further: make it a dartboard, with a nice fresh supply of darts for everyone who views it. Hannity is beyond despicable.
Wouldn't it be nice if one could do inserts: #Drumpf, O'Connell, Ryan etc.  Change it up, give it longevity!
But Obama didn't do anything and Trump did so definitely different
#Trump attacked without Congress permission.
And Obama asked for permission and Congress said no.
@seanhannity hey Sean, care to respond?
I thought this was a tweet from today! LOL
If I had the money, I'd buy an ad spot during his show to run that tweet. With the date whited out. :)
Trump owns the course. Trump 2020!
Regrettably same with this one... 
It's like his tweets are reminders to himself in his old age. In lieu of post-its. "Buy milk" "don't bomb Syria" "your name is Donald".
and everyday, every one of us should keep sending it to him!
Someone pm me a pdf of it! I have a 44" printer... it's not 10' but I'll mail a print on canvas to the @librarycongress on archival media!
I GOT it.... damn ... it might just need to sell these.
. @seanhannity should be made to wear this as a sign around his neck as he walks along a busy Red State intersection.
He nose is permanently grafted to Drumph's anus. "Sad"a 
Dear Myself: As the grammar adherent you are, please refrain from late night wine induced binge tweeting. Misspelled words discredit you.
Or in a public place. I would sure visit that touristic point!
How about urinal cake decoration using the Tweet. :D
I don't watch Fox and didn't realize they were so concerned about Presidents on taxpayer funder golf outings... They must be going nuts about Trump's... Trump's golf outings are  probably about 3 to 1, or more compared to Obama's, and I'm pretty sure... Trump's cost a lot more...
Here's a Moment of tweets from when republicans thought a president *shouldn't* spend time golfing.


Saw this, and at first and though Hannity had a developed a brain and was making a statement against Trump. LMAO. Should've known!!
 Thank you for #TrumpHumper - a new one for me, will deploy generously! 
@WendySunshine1 it's different, you see, b/c this chief executive is a white male. Therefore, HannityFoxCo approves.
Difference, we have a strong Pres Trump ! Ayatollah obumble was twirling his hips & did nothing !

MAGA 
LOL at how utterly clueless you are. Probably a freaking bot.
@mjlebron4
•@byrdinator
Perhaps childish but I never tier of seeing this GIF ! #RESISTANCE
•@LtComdrData @byrdinator
Error: "The media could not be played."
Better as a GIF instead of MOV?

@LtComdrData @byrdinator
Indeed, that seems to have worked !
Tell Geordie you need a firmware update… 
I will relate that the next time I see him in the 23rd century !
True Trump has far outpaced Obama's golf games. AND Obama didn't make profit from his privately owned club where he showed up every weekend
That's because Obama doesn't own a country club and didn't call anywhere the Winter White House either
Also Obama stayed in the White House on weekends
Love your reconteur thing here So the BOs despised the WH & essentially lived on AF1 & 2 & Marine One & Camp David .. maybe .. 
That's not what I said, but go ahead, be dumb and have at it if you must
They just can't help themselves Chloe!
I just blocked right off the bat, I can't be bothered with idiots
I think it should be smaller, just barely legible.. but tattooed on his forehead. Happy to pay for it.
It all comes back to bit you in the butt. Thanks to all who called his sponsors bets on if he's coming back? Odds makers say no
I've never before in my long life witnessed as much hypocrisy as I have in the last 12 months. @seanhannity #MAGA
Yeah it would work well magnifying the Trumpet s skaty eight trips to the golf course while blowing his ignorant horn.
He's such a tool!
Mail it to Trump!
@seanhannnity is not a real person--he probably doesn't have blood in his veins!
We need a new word to describe this level of hypocrisy.
That new word is 'republican'
Good idea. They deserve to have that stain on them forever.
And Trump took the military action that Obama was afraid to. Your point?
Obama tried to but republican 'party b4 country' congress stopped him
Thank you for reminding me of another Obama failure. Obama 'tried'... LOL 
He tried a lot of things, failed at most of them.
@dahlia201 @taxvictim RT RT RT @mishachfl @mycurlzrock
OH MY GOD...you cant make this shit up. It's bizarre.
#CantMakeThisShitUp HAS TO BE new hashtag!!! Perfect! BTW HOPE #gorsuch will enforce any #trumpTreasonous acts #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Here ya go @rr7lv @Jaxgma3235 @dahlia201 @MarcusC22973194 @MarkG57 @Impeach_D_Trump @talkaboutit84 

HAVE SOME FUN!
You really want secret service beating down my door.  I don't think they are going to like my answers on their stupid survey. 
Mine either. I was a bit rough on Trump.
Me too. And his nepotism, his junk drawer (cabinet) his hair and Mar-a-lago.
You didn't leave anything for anyone elseI was just as bad.  I told my husband to expect a VISIT
@seanhannity suck it hannity
Billboards! Put it on billboards in every city!!
Or the WH Press Room right behind @melissamccarthy 

I mean Spicer.
He's finally coming around and seeing how ridiculous this who...(checks time stamp)...oh, never mind. 
@WillMcAvoyACN oh good ol’ Lumpy… (sigh)
Well done. Need to cc Sean
twitter is being amazing to show how two faced people can be, it's ok for this guy to do something bc I like him and but not him bc I don't
There is a Tweet to come back & bite every single one of there assholes
perfect#doit
We should put his cum-splattered neck tie next to Monica's dress for the museum exhibit
Dang Haley. Killing it with them tweets.
@RobProvince don't get it.
Wow, he's....psychic.
We sud HANg the guy lol
Petition for this to be hung at the @MuseumModernArt!
Should be put on billboards across the nation.
@fangus67  U mean this came from Trumps "boy toy"  Sean Hannity?
I seriously doubt @seanhannity has the tiniest concept of irony but you're absolutely right.
Choke on those words!
Evergreen tweet, I guess
I think he uses an Android. Putin has probably hacked into it.
I bet the Secret Service said, “be sure to change the password, it’s ‘1234' now”… bet it is still 1234.
Hannity will probably say "Trump is such an amazing president and he works hard. He deserves to play golf unlike Obama.. blah blah blah"
Oh, please broadcast this EVERYWHERE. The chutzpah of Hannity, as if there are no archives to search. Brilliant find.
OR This...
He should recycle it
Hannity is a sad silly man. He cares about 2 things- money and Sean Hannity. His attachment to principles is as empty as his soul
Sounds like a president I know
Yeah, that's what I'm worried about.
Do the current POTUS' tax payer funded golf trips also annoy him?
@seanhannity  that aged well. ever get tired of being a hypocritical fool?
Like Iraq, we should wait 5-10 years before judging this action...it's too complicated in mid-East to know if this was good idea.
From what you said that tweet was about Obama not Trump. Just clarifying.
it didn't age well ... just like trump's tweet about obama starting a war because of low ratings.
I'm glad president trump is having a nice golf game I'm glad trump bomed Syria for the chemical weapons used on children
#BestReTweetEver
We should all send it to Hamface Handjob #Hannity & remind him!
is he still "glad" since his President has carried it a bit further by staying @ Mir a Lago an actually did attack Syria? So, arrogance huh?
I guess in this case it is (should vs did) he may be an idiot to some but to others he's a ballsy idiot.  Just like me!  #ToKekistan
You forget THAT president didn't "look" presidential .... (please read with healthy dose of sarcasm)
Hannity is a hypocrite. Shame on him
This reminds of @IngrahamAngle 2013 Russia tweet.
@anneapplebaum @seanhannity  good Job
Was Obama hosting the head of China at the time?
100% agree
Either Hannity's a f**king hypocrite, or he had a crystal ball and was looking itno the future. I'm'a go with f**king hypocrite.
Amazing.
isn't it amusing how words can and do come back to haunt people.....
My guess @seanhannity will swallow his integrity and turn the sarcasm of the past to exalted boot licker praise today
@Jeepnpeep Ssshh!  Don't tell @JoeNBC
I love it how tweets live on forever.
Got to love the WWW!
Hannity is a disgusting human being.
It's the new kind of reverse engineering or back track pundit talk,  all and all lack of consciousness.
Hypocrisy at its finest
Agreed. Hannity should be off the air and if that pic of him is 5 years old, being a lying piece a crap doesn't help you age well.
Really the whole era will be known as the era of partisan hypocrisy   Chapter 57 of your high school hist text book in 2027
At least President Obama was in shape. The same can't be said for this 'tool' #45
Hun, Sean shows me like no respect. Pretty sure I'm an effete puff he wants to run over
@iamchrisjudge The lesson here is: it's only wrong when the black guy says it.
Or the accomplished outspoken woman
That too.
Just absolutely proof #Republicans are self-defeated and self-serving imbecile #karma is so prophetic #Hitler #Trumprussia
Oh the IRONY.. HYPOCRACY.. both Hannity & Trump damn shitbags
Oh, that's precious! Hannity is such an arrogant ass. Call him out "bigly"!
bahahahahahaha! His hypocrisy knows no bounds!
Smells after alll these years!

"Truth is what serves the Party"
Just like Russia
Start a GoFundMe and let's get a billboard!

Hey @seanhannity where in the @smithsonian should this portrait hang? American Dark Ages wing?
You people are dumb and dumber. The difference ? Obama announced "Should have" and Trump did. Wise up ,haters
@seanhannity U sir, are high. And misguided on so many levels.
@HalfOnionInABag Hannity is FOS!

Now that Obama’s poll numbers are in tailspin – watch for him to launch a strike in Libya or Iran.  He is desperate.
@seanhannnity is a traitor of the highest order, next to @RealAlexJones
One slight difference. Our President made no announcement. He acted.
You nailed this one.
@sethmoulton @seanhannity what do you have to say now?
We can always hope for an incident on the course at Maralago!
Oh shoved up his.... u know! #hannitysucks
Hannity is an idiot, but if you agreed with Obama, you must be thrilled Trump took action then, right?  Or is it different because it's him?
Wow! We actually agree on something.
BAAHAAAAAA dick...
Between Trump and Hannity it would have to be a massive museum. I don't think there is one that large.
But a Huuuge one maybe?
@seanhannity Thoughts?
Just keep sending it back to him..over and over and over....
Better pray we don't end up with cities like Allepo!
Perfect! What a bunch! They condemn Pres obama and turn around and praise Trump! Sean Hannity is the worst!
They are all eating their worlds!
Indeed. It exposes the true bigotry and duality of character in America.
Two faced!!
Trump should have spoken with congress at least... He's unfortunately, a loose cannon cowboy and dangerous for this country!
It's ok, Trump is white
Yeah, the Fox News museum!
What I really fear is that we can point out all the hypocrisy and all of the Idiocracy but they will simply continue to be morons.
We're living #alternativefacts
so should a screenshot of Fareed Zakaria talking about how "Presidential" it is to bomb sovereign nations.
I should read the whole tweet next time
@Vaporpastry
Excellent post. I also like when Ted Koppel told him "You have sacrificed the truth for ideology"

It's almost as if he were psychic.
@seanhannity will never eat his words ...he is a 'Trump clone'
#Amen
Purrrrrrfect
Haaahaaaa.  So glad he had that crystal ball in his back pocket! !
@seanhannity When your foul mouth comes back to take a chunk out of your a$$..
Hypocrisy 101
Check out the date
TRYING TO SAVE HIS RATINGS & JOB AFTER KISSING UP 2 TRUMP& HATE INCITED BY HIS FOLLOWERS NOTNO MATTER THE LIED,NEPOTISM & FAMILY PROFITS
Hannity is a racist and Trump is on his 14th golf outing in 11 weeks. It's clear to me who is lazy. Hint: He's white
This should be on billboards all over..#Trumprussia
When you look up douchebaghypocrite in the dictionary, these 2 mo' fos will be smiling back at you.
Well done!!
Thank You! I feel like getting this poster size framing it and hanging it outside my home.

Sean Hannity is a patriotic Russian tool
Savage af
He's another bully from Fox, won't be surprised if his name pops soon.
It's amazing how well @seanhannity quotes age, isn't it?
Hannity and the fascist brotherhood (or birtherhood) are gonna love the payback
Uhmm.. big difference.  Trump is working, he isnt vacationing.  Get it straight.
Sure, of course he is. Working hard on his short game on the course. Such a hard worker.
Rather than use some diplomacy..and very well opening a NASTY cade of worms. A sane man, he is not!
Or planted across the street from his house.
Trump's favourite golf club is Putin's Putter.
HAHA! That is brutal... Good job.
The internet never forgets @seanhannity
@seanhannity This is like DeJa Vu all over again. What say you now? #dontblamenero
Oh @seanhannity ....turns out you were psychic, and were actually looking into 2017.  Own it.  Maybe you can make a career as a psychic?
What is it with stupid guys named Sean?

Indiana Jones: "this belongs in a museum"
@kdanbaybe
Preferably alongside Hannity.
@seanhannity You mean @POTUS? Cuz he's spent lots of taxpayer $ golfing since Day 1, and he's talking Syria, so...
ITS the #truth #redline #obama hides & #lies ALL TALK innocent people FOAM AT THE MOUTH #barackobama left middles east in shambles. #MAGA
@RestoreHistory how hannity can't get vote 4 #DoucheHOF #DoucheHallOfFame confounds. @WorldOfStu @PatandStu @JeffyMRA thoughts?
By "arrogant", he meant, "black".
He's a fu***ng piece of sh*t!
Saw this!
That darn Hannity....
@jbillinson if you have to go back 3 years to find a tweet that's petty.
how are the trumpites not asphyxiating due to lethal lvls of atmospheric irony?
enlarge it, buy a billboard to post it, leave out the time stamp
