@LibertySeeds , define #americanvalues
Could you provide some form of evidence that he's as unamerican as you claim?
Could you provide a link? Im just tryna see where youre getting your facts.
You're providing no supporting data for your claims regarding Obama.
(Answer: yes, it was America)
Not sure why an American citizen living temporarily in Indonesia would "swear allegiance" to it -- Got a source?
I know that he was in Indonesia. Why does that mean he would "swear allegiance" to Indonesia?
He didn't get them to boo Obama they decided to boo the terrible president.
Ah so they were booing Trump then?
Still in bad taste I think.
The kids picked to boo him bc he was a terrible president #TheFive
Oh good lord. If u actually watched the speech those kids booed Obama w/out @POTUS getting them 2 do it. Speech was awesome
So...then it's ok because Trump didn't encourage them. So when Trump is out it'll be ok for them to boo him then?
So I guess the Boy Scouts can do bad all by themselves. Doesn't let Trump off the hook if that happened. He's said plenty bad about him.
And never apologized. Bet if they booed him he'd get mad that no one defended him.
FTA: 'Obama was a member of the Indonesian Scout Association as a child, reaching the equivalent of a Cub Scout'
According to National Geographic he was a Boy Scout. Don't downplay it.
OBAMA WAS A SCOUT? Man he forgot the part of the oath to do his duty to God and country!
Sad that he feels so insecure that he chooses to go down that road
@boyscouts What say you?
Silence is assent
I was a boy scout and I would gladly boo obozo. He was the worst president in US history. Liberals just can't accept change
Bush put us in a financial crisis and started the dumbest war in modern American history but yea let's act like Obama was worse
I'd say "shame on him", but trump has no shame. No class. No dignity. Hates Pres O, because he couldn't ever be the man Barack Obama is!!
It's that simple. He's painfully jealous of Obama. It's pathetic.
THE #REPUBLICAN PARTY IS FULL OF RACIST SEXEST GOOD OLE BOYS WHO HATE THE FACT A BLACK MAN WAS ALWAYS 2 STEPS AHEAD OF THEM
Unconscionable
What boy scout leader from hell thought bringing Trump to a jamboree was a good idea?
That's my question! If it was my son there, would be raging mad.
@boyscouts leadership is apparently ultra-conservative. But to condone the behavior of scouts booing a former president is unacceptable.
I would never allow a son of mine to be a boy scout.
Gee, it's a good thing that no one would procreate with you. JS.
Why did you feel it necessary to insult another commenter?
Trump has no class at all
  Every parent should be shocked by what he said
If the Corrupter in-chief can get congress to betray Christ by taking the possibility of healthcare away for 32 mil people, anything goes
What a shame.  Classless
Well, their uniform shirts are kinda brown. Maybe Trumpy wants to form the Trumpen Jungend.
Wondering if tomorrow DT will claim he was indeed a Boy Scout or if he will instead call Scout "losers."
Disgusting!!!
Let the Boy Scouts know this was unacceptable. National org #:

972-580-2000
.@realDonaldTrump  Unbelievable. A 70 year old #WhinyManChild, who was never a Boy Scout, manipulated Boy Scouts, to boo a former Boy Scout
Trump stole a respected title. We have to take it away from him before he destroys our entire country!
It sickens me to hear him being called Mr. President. He is truly vile.
hahahaha imagine obama reading this headline...hysterical 
Trump is driven by his hatred of President Obama. In return his bitterness will harm our great country and its citizens.
Probably a lesson to be learned here about fortitude and prudence.
Trump had to attend boy scout jamboree as they wouldn't let the self-confessed sex pest at the girl guides get together.
Trump has no respect for the Office. It's bad form. Obama, W & HW Bush, Clinton never disrespect sitting Presidents. Trump hates America!
he couldnt do it himself so he asked a bunch of little kids to do it for him?

why do gays want to suck him off again
Hard 2 believe o was boy Scott! Funny that would b ONLY record pertaining 2 him not sealed! 
obama didn't give a shit about the boyscouts which is why he NEVER came to their event like trump just did.
Boy Scouts are very different now. Something about their funding.
But they're also trump supporters... education really isn't on their side
or facts
I'm surprised they can breathe without trump telling them how too.
I'm sure a leaked memo after his impeachment will mention something about someone breathing too loud. You heard it here first folks
I heard some parents pulled their kids out of boy scouts after this. I wouldn't let my kid go in the 1st place...unless Obama was speaking.
I won't let my son go either...
@POTUS going after children if this is not a Nazi move I don't know what it is Donald welcome to the bear den you will not take our children
trump plays people well, just like Satan himself! Just like Jim Jones got folks to drink the kool-aid trump gets people to lose their souls!
What an absolute disgrace. My son will NEVER join this organization unless they condemn this behavior.
That is so sad to show hate to those young men!
They will be booing him very soon!
Trump cursed, bragged about electoral college, called press "fake news", got boy scouts to boo Obama, told salacious story, said "win" 100x
Trump's brown shirts! Hitler all over again. Dangerous times. Imagine the moms & dads allowing this!
@realDonaldTrump  what an absolutely despicable thing to do. Your need to stroke your ego is unparalleled!
Trump is a disgusting racist pig. Period. I hope that some real news outlets will show video of this disgusting behavior.
@humble_nessaa
Remember all the liberal outrage? Me neither
In Indonesia.
Still recognized by the BSA. Even if he wasn't it's still beneath the office to encourage this behavior.
Recognised as what?
So? Scouting is an international movement founded in England and implanted in Canada, India and Pakistan before it got to the USA.
Always a man of class
Well at least he didn't encourage them to behead Obama
I really feel @kathygriffin's pain. 
@Im_TheAntiTrump NO ONE MADE THE BOY SCOUTS BOO. 
Not everyone liked Obama. Get over it snowflakes. 
Supporters out there stating Trump is not promoting hate. Using Boy Scouts for his one agenda is insane people. Children promoting hate?
Unacceptable. “@thehill: WATCH: Trump gets Boy Scouts to boo Obama, who was a Boy Scout http://hill.cm/ovEimpN  ”
He has not one ounce of decency. Zero. None.
This is disgusting....parents should speak up.  How is this appropriate for kids? Ashamd of Trump & @boyscouts leadership who condoned it.
I hope you found this equally as disgusting
I really feel @kathygriffin's pain. 
@Im_TheAntiTrump 
How it's done.
Gee, why didn't he shake a white Scout's hand? He must be racist
I dislike Trump with every fiber of my being! Just wrong and racist at it's core!
He knew exactly what they were going to do. Stop acting like you don't know his motivations by now.
Go someplace else with the fake stupidity. You have a disgusting agenda just like him.
Shame on those Scouts for belittling their organization by allowing themselves to be goaded into bullying an ex President and an ex Scout.
Ex president who was a scout in Indonesia (who knows if that's true being he sealed his records) & did The View instead of their anniversary
The incompetent @boyscouts leadership endangered the kids there and sullied one of their own. Resign.
Why was this horrible person invited ?
US PRESIDENT sinks to new LOW and teaches BOYSCOUTS to be RUDE AND DISRESPECTFUL
Can't believe the BOy Scouts had him speak to children after what he and Billy Bush discussed!  SAD
Republicans give zero fucks. They are party before country.
What a disgraceful man - Trump - he won't last long
Trump is disgusting.
He's a big bully. When will he finally be impeached?  Not soon enough

@realDonaldTrump is sick.
Very classless.. trump has a lot of issues if he is worrying about president Obama.. trump is making a speech to young boys about himself
@potus wasn't a scout so y is he the poster child 4 Boy Scouts? + no excuse 4 @potus 2 incite innocent children & tell them 2 hate
That's child abuse

Trump was never a boy scout, Obama was. He also said John McCain was no war hero. Trump had multiple draft deferments. See a pattern?
Obama wants gays in the boy scouts. He wants gays everywhere.
What planet are we on @boyscouts? You've allowed @realDonaldTrump to bring utter disgrace 2 our organization. It's time 4 real soulsearching
Shame on the Boy Scouts, to allow the President to use them against a former President. So unpresidential.
Trump sets the bar so low tardigrades can't even do the limbo.
They have Boy Scouts in Indonesia?
Awesome! The @boyscouts of America are great Americans in the making, and want to #MAGA. They are learning how to be MEN who love the USA.
deplorable
As the mother of two Eagle Scouts, I am absolutely disgusted by @realDonaldTrump  behavior and comments at the Jamboree - as are my sons.
45 is a real f*cker
Disgraceful
Disgraceful well that's another organization I won't support and my grandchild will not participate in. That's not what we are teaching

What is wrong with this Trump? so undignified, a poor role model for young boys and men. Ridicule and abuse of power not good traits
What the hell? 45 is mentally ill. Mentally ill. Mentally ill. Let's keep saying that until everyone gets it. Shall we?
Your Obama tweet photo belies where the shame truly lies. All of the men on that stage are showing future leaders how not to behave.
Utterly Shameful
@POTUS44 You are and Always will be the BEST PRESIDENT America has ever had! Be proud of what you accomplished in your 8 years. #Best#44 
For all the division that Obama "created" this man is creating an atmosphere for civil war.He doesn't want me and I don't want him.He and
GOP and his base hate me. Hate me for being proud to be a POC and proud that this country founded on racism elected a black man and now
we are left with hatred toward us. This country is scary and each it is scarier. Six months in and they are trying to take it all.

Obama was never in Boy Scouts of America. This is a lie.
I think Trump couldn't be a Boy Scout because of bone spurs....
Oh my bad I thought that he had brain spurs...
Trump supporters make me so sad. Watching such extreme dissonance and devotion to personality play out is like watching aliens procreate.
@realDonaldTrump is pos
President does not mean God.
wtf
Trump leadership

#leader
The person who lives in the White House doesn't have a single ethical bone in his body and has absolutely no shame.
Boy Scouts of America the new KKK?
I'd pull my kids OUT of any organization that tries to politicize them like that. . . They're KIDS ffs
@realDonaldTrump who in the Hell do you think you were speaking to today Boy Scouts yes, boys. You have no morals keep your hate at home
This is sick..@boyscouts needs to apologize  to @POTUS44 and @HillaryClinton today!!!!
The Boy Scouts should be ashamed of this shitshow at their Jamboree.
Trump should be ashamed.
Lmao fuck the Boy Scout 
MORE Disgusting Trump
@boyscouts you done messed up A-a-ron
I made it to Life Scout, and I quit due to my homophobic and hate filled fellow scouts and leaders. Not a good environment for a young boy
Although this is not present in every troop, this event proves that there is a widespread hatred for people that think differently
Barack Obeezy doesn't give a flying fuck!
As a former Scout, I'm ashamed @boyscouts would promote or at least collude with such behavior. Have some respect.
Thank you Sir...
Barack Obama was honorary president of the Boy Scouts.
The boy scouts.... We have hit a new low.
This IS @realDonaldTrump after all. Obama is intelligent, admired, the man tRump wishes he was & will never be. tRump knows it, it kills him
Brings me tears. Trump needs to be irradiated and the Boy Scouts need to be deprogrammed.
@realDonaldTrump despicable
Another racist moment from diaper don.
BETRAYAL by @boyscouts of boys entrusted to them! Having our despot turn them to brownshirts loyal to only him! #WhatDespotsDo
@boyscouts what badge booing after a lie gets you?
Just change your uniforms to brown coats and youre all set, disgrace.
Ignorant gathering led by an extremely insecure POTUS.
I can't believe the lie in the Twitter Headline. Prez didn't get them to do anything. Honorable Boy Scouts booed lying Obama on their own!
That was disgusting!
Stop showing  this
That's so mature.   Good
Hitler youth?
This is bullshit
It'd be really nice if@realDonaldTrump stopped spending all his time tearing down Obama, and actually tried to do something constructive.
He doesn't know how!
All class, that guy. Never saw a man so obsessed with his predecessor or the opponent he beat.
The country is a mess.  Very scary right now.  Not sure where all this will go.
That is shameless. There are no words left to describe his level of lowness.
trump addressing the Boy Scouts parallels Hitler addressing the Hitler Youth at Nuremburg. The Boy Scouts should be non political.
Trump is truly a selfish narcissistic man - a horrible human being. To give a speech as he did to the Boy Scouts was beyond disgusting
They're CHILDREN. 45 has given them a lesson in hate. Not enough adjectives to describe the disgust I feel for that POS occupying our WH.
If #FakeNews #Birther #Trump is so fixated on past, how can he look to our future? Let US enjoy fruits of #science #education & #scouting!
The new Hitler Youth Corp!
Since Boy Scouts is now a political group, take away their non-profit status.
I am constantly amazed at what a low life trump is. When I think he can't get any worse he always does.
Trumps teachg them that decency & value of fellow men is wrong. It's the Boy Scouts I always that rarely become drug atticts.lets see now
Sounds like Hitler Youth 
The fact that trumps influence spreads more hate than change is a red flag to begin with.
He would love to have the young boys of our country be blindly loyal to the supreme leader like Kim Jong Un but even he has intelligence
As long as I live I will never buy popcorn from boys scouts again unless there is an apology from BSA This is disgusting p.s. pass the word
One of our local scouting troops decided to dissolve rather than accept gay scouts. 

Make your own judgement as to what type of org they R.
Another sad day for America....when will it end.
How presidential and classy of Trump!
That statement from the BSA is weak.
Trump is a petulant child.
Trump is a very sick, sick man!
Never in my entire life have I been so ready for someone to go to prison. Lock tRump up.
#disgraceful
How shameful. The hate he spreads- the example he is. My grandchildren don't watch/or listen to him.
@Scaramucci after hearing @realDonaldTrump address @boyscouts are you still "feeling humbled and blessed?" Yup, "it will never get old."
I hereby withdraw all my support for the BSA, a very sad day for me
I support them, the way they "support" our troops.
I support Boy Scouts , but Scout Masters shouldn't have allowed Trump there! I DO NOT SUPPORT #TreasonousTrump
He just HATES everything OBAMA
Pretty sure they will be losing some members over this, as well as supporters. I, for one, will not be giving them any my money. @boyscouts

Real presidential, Trump is. There is nothing about him I can admire. #Lies #Cheats #Bullies What were the Boy Scouts thinking?
Trump is a very little man.  Shame on him
There's no video on the article? Does anyone have video that this did happen? As it reads now it's just some spin.
I am disgusted by the @boyscouts 
I can't believe they would allow such a vulgar person speak & spew his hate. Their silence is frightening.
How evil ?
What does having been a boyscout have to do with it?
How old is He´, it just it's like he's 12, he behave like a fucking children's garden
where is the proof?
Wonder how many votes he picked up.... Oh wait most of them can't vote
I couldn't find that Obama was a Boy Scout. Though that doesn't excuse Trump's disgusting speech.

He didn't "get them" to do it. Obama turned down the invite to speak at the Jamboree. It's understandable if they didn't like him for that
Why is @realDonaldTrump always comparing himself to @POTUS44? Let your actions speak for you.
TRULY TRAGIC
Boy Scouts of America owes @BarackObama an apology. Disgraceful.
Nothing like honoring scouting values like devaluing another person
#boycottboyscouts
Trump is so filled with hatred for Pres.Obama because he was respected by the citizens of USA and the world(except for Trumpets).
Shame on trump and shame on the Boy Scouts.
@AprilDRyan Sickening. So unpresidential
It's okay ! He is just digging his grave of hate! #Thechickensarecominghometoroost
Trump is disgusting on EVERY level.  Shameful.
Perhaps Obama was just busy doing his JOB! All Trump does is talk crap & teach hate.....when he's not playing golf.
What a Pathetic President. He's no Christian and yet Christians support him.
Such a great leader, this puppet built his house on sand, Trump built his on Faith.
@boyscouts  if you don't denounce trump's speech you have lost your place as a roll model for youth @realDonaldTrump is garbage
These kids don't know what's going on. But Trump does. That's what makes it so slimy.
I'm not surprised tbh. #Trump knows he will have to face the music soon enough, so why not take down as many people as possible?
This is yet ANOTHER reason why his RATINGS R A HISTORIC LOW!
Shameful
@boyscouts Shame! Booing Obama. He was a Boy Scout. Selling ur soul to the devil.
this is NOT american and NOT the boy scout way. terrible.
And the three-time draft dodger was never a Scout.
@boyscouts Apologize. @realDonaldTrump is a despicable role model for boys and hearing them boo a former president was sickening.
