Such an amazing way to make America great again: since we can't "win" by keeping Republicans together, let's try to tank ACA wh mostly works
It's costing me $3000 more a year...for fewer benefits. Spare me! Yes, I also lost my doctor.
Is it justice to eliminate millions of people's access to Healthcare because it has problems? Your $ are too high, aca needs work, but not 
You have no proof that "millions" will lose their care. Dem talking points. Some rural towns with no insurers. Many, many problems.
What are you talking about. Here's the report from the CBO https://www.cbo.gov/publication/52849 …  literally end of first sentence of summary, 22 million
Of this 22 Million, how many are people that freely choose not to have insurance? Not the same as simply can't pay for it but want it.
Better than the millions that don't want it now and can't afford it but are forced to buy it.
Exactly. I paid those fines for 4 years. closed business to get employer insurance. Now on Cobra for less Obamacare.
Obamacare is not even a " Law " it's a Tax & the Tax has been Repealed /We no longer half to pay a penalty_ 
It's  barely hanging onto life
Increased premium pays for maternity, well baby, drug abuse, and mental health. W/O those premium is about a 1/3 of Obamacare's.
Insurance agents will tell you what the difference is between ACA eligible insurance & a private plan is. I had 3 agents explains it.
Add it to the impeachment pile that the GOP is ignoring
You think not doing anything about health insurance is an impeachable offense? Are you people ever going to come to reality?
Actually, the thing is unconstitutional (John Roberts is a usless thug in black polyester robe), and so he shouldn't execute it at all.
You can say the Court made the wrong decision on the mandate, but to say the president should thus ignore that decision is pretty extreme.
If the powers that be thought the EO to remove fine was unconstitutional, they would have had a liberal judge block it.
You mean like Obama did on many many laws? Selective outrage isn't kosher
How long has it been since an elected officer has taken her/his oath of office seriously?
That's odd. When obama clearly violated the constitution by not obeying immigration laws, you cheered. Your hypocrisy is amazing.
Obama vs Immigration law. Delete your acct.
He making it fail not " letting "
True.
Yep. Enforce the existing law the dems rammed through without reading. I'd prefer straight repeal, but this is almost as good.
Well, yeah, he is. He's just letting it be. And by doing so, being that it's a shitty, badly written law, it's dying by it's own.provisions.
EXCEPT that it's NOT dying, unless you count 7% as dying, That's right, only 7% is failing, the rest is GOP SABOTAGE
Did u apply the same standard to Obama's immigration policies and ad hoc enforcement of #Obamacare provisions, or r u turn over a new leaf?
"...except for yucky immigration laws. Those suck, and shall not be enforced. Also freedom of speech is totes overrated because feels."
Ya, tell that to the last administration!
By taking care that it's faithfully executed, it will fail.  It's economically unsustainable, and not in a 70 year down the road way like SS
Bad laws create bad situations. "Faithfully execute" does not equal common sense success. SS is failing. Is Congress saving it? President?
Health Care is not in the Constitution.
Square the circle: "the law fails as written & faithfully executed."
That's funny. Doing your second point will ensure the first point happens
Obamacare is designed to fail and trigger implementation of single payer by destabilizing ins cos. Tell the damn truth #maga #fakenews
So, shall we start enforcing immigration laws too? Or do you still like to choose what laws you want to enforce? #FakeNews #MAGA #Trump2020
and he will faithfully execute the law...as written by democrats.  It is failing and Dems own it.  Period.
Take care to enforce Obamacare?  Really?  An impossibility.  Did the O-man take care to enforce our immigration laws?
Bail out Insurance An hospital subsidies to some ppl. Rest pay greatly. Admin cost up paperwork up patient care down. Drs retiring disaster
HC not enumerated that like Ed EPA others belong at state level
Pretty sure he means letting it fail by executing it faithfully as is, sans legislative fix.
I might add several key elements of it have never been executed faithfully.
I might add that the GOP congress has done nothing but obstruct the implementation for years
Read through that list. Some are what you describe. Some are just "we're going to ignore what the law says and do whatever"
The list is a series of concessions made to business and insurance to help ease the transition. Didn't see the illegality you claim
That's fine. As long as we're all ok with "faithfully executing the law" to mean, "doing what's politically expedient"
And if you read the definition, it refers to criminal law. The executive branch implements laws. He had the legal power to do exactly that
Ftr this word isn't a synonym for "only" or "solely"
Hi Ruth: I can't find any snarky tweets from you when Obama refused to enforce DOMA.
Or when he failed to enforce immigration laws
Leftists need to watch this video to help them understand why we function under rule of law rather than mob rule.
Ruth, you mean like this?
Yeah, that's what I thought.
Then there's those pesky laws to keep illegal aliens out of the country
Yet O abetted
I  am truly sick and tired of these false misleading and mostly bald face lies put into ignorant memes. Do your own research you might learn
I did, couldn't debunk any of them.
How about you?
I'll wait cupcake
The whole point of the health care debate is, by faithfully executing the law it will fail. This isn't a constitutional issue. Dumb comment.
The ACA will fail. Not IF, WHEN. The increasing costs were kicked down the road by the Obama admin. Basically an interest only mortgage.
"It's TOTALLY NOT FAIR when both sides play by our rules!"
Faithfully executing the law is exactly how Obamacare will fail. It was designed to do this to create support for single player.
Did you post this when Obama didn't enforce immigration laws? I bet you didn't. Seems hypocritical no?
Executing the law as it's written is a guaranteed failure to achieve the result we Americans were told to expect.
It takes months instead of days to see a Dr. And I can't afford these premiums. Time to end socialised medicine.
"executed" means followed.

Obamacare fails by being faithfully followed.

It was designed to fail so fools would call for more socialism.
As if #Obama faithfully executed the laws of the land. On multiple occasions, Obama refused to enforce US laws.
Oh dear
Part of the Oath he took. Not that he had any idea what he was swearing to. But still.
How is it legal what he is doing? He broke his oath!
That's the point, he only knows one meaning for execute: Kill
Letting Obamacare fail is another Trump brain fart
@Grwow that only holds true to ethical, truthful, honest presidential presidents. Not Lying, unethical assholes in the WH #liars
I certainly don't expect @realdonaldtrump to be true to anything but himself. Agreed he is huge #liars!
Here's your guy Dan And Don.
Speaking his real truth.
Before he goes to jail w his kids.

@SenDanSullivan @repdonyoung @lisamurkowski
Yes. If ocare continues to be faithfully executed it will fail on its own.
Ruth didn't care about this when Obama doj was sending guns to the cartels
Letting Obamacare fail will hurt millions in the US his impeachment will help millions worldwide..
The constitution that tRump knows nothing about and thinks that as POTUS he isn't obligated to abide by.
dictators obey no laws,no rules & certainly NOT THE CONSTITUTION wake up people.
Lol!  You mean like Obama enforced immigration law???
As is, it will fail.  That's what you don't get.  And I guess you forgot that when Obama didn't enforce immigration law.
He never said they wouldn't be. Gov't programs(passed into law)  & ideas fail all the time.
Congress has failed to regulate and fund the ACA for political reasons.
He is allowing the law to stand as written. He's not changing a thing. This law is executing itself.
Instead of letting Obamacare fail, he should be trying to fix it and improve it, but that won't happen cause he doesn't think that way.
No it's not failing and what Trump means is he will try and sabotage it
@hwinkler4real and like the Democrats did when they shove this law down everyone's throat.  You live in La La land
Kinda like how Obama upheld the 2nd amendment? Yeah no. Just stop.
Yeah, I totally forgot that time obama took away all the guns. Totally.
Wouldn't be your first failure now would it #bankrupttRUmp
No the Dim witted Dems set up OBamaCare to fail! Please educate yourselves
Oh you mean like he second amendment Mr Obama tried to destroy
He has no code of honor
"Cares" about the Constitution... doesnt care about voter fraud. LOL
F'ing spare me! Where were you the last 8 years as Obama ignored or trampled on the Constitution?! The ignorance/stupidity is astounding.
#ImpeachTrump @SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP
I hope you raised a fuss when Obama decided not yo enforce immigration laws....
Details ... details ..... sheeeeshhhh .......
I'm sure you were all up in arms when to Obama administration decided what laws they were going to enforce and which ones they weren't.
Didn't Obama/his administration decide not to enforce certain laws (like immigration laws). Show us your disapproval tweet from back then
Now lets be real when was the TOOL ever faithful to anyone or anything but himself
He is all that America is not....................GET RID OF HIM!!!!!!
Evangalists please note: Oath taken with hand on Bible. He has no use for Christian morals. Wake up and recognize he is "Devil's Spawn"
Self explanatory. Took oath on Bible. Now ignoring Oath. NOT an honorable man let alone moral Christian
Because he's failing
He is not an American president he is a self serving failed business owner turned con man. Plenty of documentation to back up this claim.
perhaps he misunderstood "execute" here..also didn't read Constitution : "promote the general welfare"
He is faithfully executing it. It was so poorly written it is failing all by itself. Only massive bailouts will save it. Single payer??
45 knows nothing about neither our laws nor our government, nor does he care. He is a toddler who cares only for himself and his toys
if you've done 6 impeachable things before breakfast, why not top it off with food at Millieways, the restaurant at the end of the universe
dereliction of duty
That's one of the changes Donald wants 2 make 2 the Constitution. To: He can do whatever the hell he wants & America be damned! POTUS rules
45 failed the US Constitution course. 
It's already failed... price hikes and people that had insurance are uninsured now. Let it die, and let private companies compete again.
He could care less about the Constitution. He keeps violating his oath to uphold it left & right. That is why he is unfit.
TRANSLATION: I can't get it out, so I'm just going2 pretend that "letting it fail" is part of my plan...plus, no1 will like me if I oust it.
Just like his casino in Atlantic City everyone lost jobs and he made money off their loss. Whatta guy.
@realDonaldTrump 
@IvankaTrump 
@DonaldJTrumpJr 
@EricTrump 

#GetOutOfOurWhiteHouseNow

#Traitortrumps
Seems as if that is impeachable right there...
Of course this JOKE in the WH no's nothing bout the constitution nor does he care. All he cares bout is himself.
Cant wait till all those who quit paying their mandated premiums after chump told them dont, go file taxes and get penalized. Priceless
T cares nothing about job or country. His only concern is lining his pockets.
Trump doesn't know enough about the constitution to fill a thimble  -- halfway.
Another reason to impeach Trump Now!!
Trump stinks! He's the worst. Ugh.
Thank you!
Yet another impeachable offense. If only @GOP would grow some balls!

Let's be intellectually honest.  Would it bother you if he stopped enforcing immigration law or federal marijuana laws?
The Feds should let the states decide how to manage weed & he should do his job. Reform immigration & The ACA.
I'm just pointing out that the executive - dem and gop - has long ignored enforcement of selected federal statute. I prefer Lincoln's way
No one ever said DT knew how to lead...well, except for Trump himself of course. "I alone can fix it." Is that before or after he breaks it?
Trump is an ignorant liar! Hopefully there will be a lot of digging into his tax returns and family finances! Trump is a CROOK!!!
Ruth, tRUMP DOESN't even know that the AHCA IS THE LAW OF THE LAND, as the SCOTUS VOTED 5 yes and 4 nay!
"Nobody knew healthcare can be so difficult"  @realDonaldTrump
Does that include the federal law about sanctuary cities or do you just pick and choose?
So I guess that also applies to federal law regarding sanctuary cities right because that's with the president does uphold the law
Trump had not taken care that LAWS WILL BE FAITHFULLY EXECUTED! Trump has erred and must GO ! He doesn't realize AHCA is a LAW per SCOTUS!
Seditious action by the Trump.
TRUMP has no understanding that the ACA is the LAW of the land..at this point not sure Republicans in Congress or Senate do either!!!
That part!
Girl please, he surely doesn't even understand,  nor could he even comprehend the very laws he's supposed to be upholding!
Trump thinks "laws be faithfully executed" means they be terminated with extreme prejudice.
He won't pay the bills until he get sued just like he does in his business hoping to settle for half if a bus let it fail.
Civics 101: The President doesn't control the purse strings, Congress does. In order to sabotage ACA Congressional Repub's have to allow it.
Who is going to call the rat bastard on this? Grassley? Nunes? King (Iowa)? And biggest joke, Sessions? Abetters all! Moscow on the Potomac?
Doesn't appear that Trump understands that there are 3 branches of gov't with an inherent system of checks and balances.
GOP: we won't obey the constitution.
What's a little document like the Constitution to #DicktatorTrump?
Blame Trump for Obamacare failure. Brilliant.
Their actions speak loudly, rest of GOP mob, hang your heads in shame
@realDonaldTrump still has not read the United States Constitution. He is still attempting to finish "Green Eggs and Ham"
Great leader, huh?


He's gonna undermine Obamacare, let us all have nothing so that we'll be happy with whatever he gives us. He's a horrible man.
Then again, @realDonaldTrump is exempt from all laws and regulations.
And there you have it!
Uh, that the CONSTITUTION be faithfully executed, Not laws that violate ot. & JUST LETTING ACA WORK AS IT'S STATED, it will fail on its own
Not Trump
.@realDonaldTrump has never read the Constitution.
#ImpeachTrump
The last thing on Trump's mind is his obligation to the U.S. Constitution.
"A lot of people don't know that it says that. Many, many people."
Hey @realDonaldTrump Presidunce Drump, see above for instructions that even you can understand. You work for us, and follow the constitution
Wait a minute...what about immigration laws, seems you want to pick and choose as well
U stoopid eediots. It's a failure. U zombies will NEVER figure it out. 
And last 3 mos proves both Parties are in the Swamp.
...con't
...You'll never figure that out, either. 
Zombies just look straight at the symbol of their destruction & never stop moving.
@realDonaldTrump DO YOUR JOB! @POTUS
Obama: "I am going to enact the Dream Act" ... where were cries about the law then?
So you want him to repeal it? Modifying it to make it work would be going against that Constitution quote.
He skipped that part.
@realDonaldTrump could care less about America Americans the government heath care or anything else,soon he will open the back door 4Putin.
Does that mean the illegal cost sharing reductions should cease immediately? I'll wait.
Obamacare is being executed as planned.
"Faithfully" means "as written," you dolt. Obamacare is failing under its own weight
What can he do with Obamacare  every one is complains about the change last year they were saying it was too expensive. I agree with Trump
This isn't some contractor you can refuse to pay and wait for them to bankrupt themselves suing you @realDonaldTrump. MAGA  what a bad joke!
Didn't Obama push back implementation unilaterally.
That's what he's doing. How else can it fail?
Did you post this when Obama refused to execute immigration laws @RuthMarcus ??
Curious if you tweeted this type of snark when Obama instructed the DOJ to not enforce immigration laws?
Trump seems to be using his own " constitution," not the one established back in 1776.
It is being executed. That's why it's failing

Like #Obama enforced #Immigration?
Be fair! Everything he touches turns to shit.
I Just Can't Argue Against Your Point!
Somehow I believe he will find a way to make this clause in the Constitution invalid. It appears the very essence of our Liberty is lost!
He never read it. Why should he none of his followers have either. TV celebs over Constitution these days.
To be executed, not to fiscally bail it out because the market does not support it.
That in itself is most likely grounds for impeachment. Speaker Ryan is derelict in his duties as well. He needs to call for impeachment.
I will sign a petition to have him removed.
Letting it run its course (not preventing its natural failure) is faithfully executing the law
Law?  I thought the SCOTUS deemed it a tax?
Further proof that Prez Man-Baby assumes he is beyond the law---
Really, sunshine?  Should we trot out how your pal Barry failed in this realm as well?  Pull the other one.
You're assuming he reads. If the constitution was an animated short, he'd watch it. Maybe SpongeBob can help him out on that.
Sounds like one more impeachable offense.
Doesn't take much to know he's not a constitutional scholar:))
That assumes @realDonaldTrump has ever read constitution. So far his actions say no.
Obamacare will fail because of its execution.
#ExecuteLyinTraitors
Invoke #25thAmendmentNow due to @realDonaldTrump admission he won't uphold law of USA; time to #Impeach45 for dereliction of duty 
does anyone in @realDonaldTrump inner circle even read the #USConstitution?
or maybe Constitution of the Russian Federation ?
You tried. It failed. No probs. Everything is goin to be okay.
With all the conservabots kvetching here, no one talks about ACA being based almost exclusively on Heritage Foundation proposal. #GOPfail
#TrumpCantRead
What #Constitution? #DonTheCon has #NoClue #Illiterate #Unfit #CorruptTrump
This is what he means by being different president: he will not obey the laws of the land because,after all, GOP is complicit/ won't impeach
Trump telling Republicans 2 defund ACA so it will fall 2 no funding that is a violation of laws in place long before he stole the 2016 elect
So, then, 8 years of Obama refusing to follow any law he didn't like didn't count? Oh, you're a lib. If course it didn't.
'To Fix Healthcare, We Need To Repeal a Lot More Than Obamacare'
If you cite the Constitution, cite the article section or amendment that allows congress to administer healthcare in the states.
