Tim Mcveigh was fake? Are you high right now? Put down the gas can and get a clue.
How can he do that? He doesn't control the budget
Why is the power to make these payments solely in the hands of the executive branch?
GOP will go right along
Sad, that party before country is there motto
Very sad
Where was Obamacare as of 1/19/2017? Failing before Trump was inaugurated
Source for that other than Breitbart or InfoWars or well someone I know said it?
And the Republican party is still backing their #PussyGrabberInChief and the Republicans are still helping in #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
FAKE NEWS & PROPAGANDA AT IT'S HIGHEST DEGREE!!
Harry, I believe that you may have your caps lock stuck in the "on" position.
Too bad the MAGA folks don't realize that they're being shafted by their hero.
Sadly I don't believe they can, maybe in the future.
I see less and less of them popping up with snowflakes crying libtard tears comments...maybe they're starting to get it?
I see fewer of them too- I now think more were sock puppet accounts than I realized at the time
Which kind of makes you wonder how much "real support" he had versus gerrymandering, vote switching, propaganda, etc.
When say that all together I'm convinced the true support was minimal. I wld be pissed if they took my vote away. Got to be more prepared!
They have gerrymandered and suppressed vote and screwed w ballots. Oh yeah, Comey too. All mail-in ballots needed! So easy
A national holiday to vote, mandatory voting, paper ballots. I've been voting 40 years and I never felt that my vote wasn't counted til now
GOP started this last year to force premiums UP then claim ACA is a failure. It's like crippling runners and faulting them for not winning.
Like holding someone under they water & bitching because they are drowning. This is common tactic, they cause the problems the rail against
Good analogy. That's exactly what they're doing.
Good, the the thousandaires health revolt will be swift.
Of course he is sabotaging healthcare so the American people have no other choice then his wealthy buds can get that hefty tax break promise
"The has to be some form of punishment."
This is not the America that I was brought up in. What the hell is happening and why is the @GOP allowing this to happen?
Let's be clear.   Trump is a monster who will let people die so he can achieve his agenda.  He's a monster.
Millions should buy there own insurance.
We fund over 800 military bases worldwide but snatching insurance from poor Americans. @cnn @nytimes @washingtonpost speak on this #ACA
He would destroy the markets and destroyed many lives including mine
Chris,is any1 going to introduce a bill that improves the current system? Fix what GOP/Rubio broke? Could it be scored? Then show Americans
That's one way to get his followers off the con-wagon. Sad way to find out the guy you believe in could care less about #US citizens.
WHY?  Why do GOP folks seem to get PLEASURE out of hurting others?  Do they believe we are total fools?
Think they actually belive that they are deserving and if others aren't their bad luck is their own fault. Really!
Let ME be Clear. Trump is going to reap what he sows~ In fact, its happening right now. The SwampCare peddler is done!
Congress needs to set it up so ACA, Medicare, & Social Security are perpetually funded & untouchable by any admin, especially this regime.
Fat chance that this Congress will do anything at all like this.  In fact, Rs want to get rid of these 3 programs.
They want to steal the money going to all three programs
Keep lying, get everyone on the fear wagon, all you people, you are spewing untruth... do some yoga, or meditation, take a nap, it is fine!!
FFS take off the tinfoil hat, turn off FOKKKS "News," tune in to reality.
He's petty, vindictive, and emotionally eight years old.
Even 8 year olds know how to share.
Indeed! Apologies to eight year olds. #sorrykids
Surely, that should be a violation of the oath he took to preserve, protect and defend? This can't be legal? Actively seek to destroy ACA?
@SamC2C_NM @POTUS He will be declaring war on people who will no longer have anything to lose
Impeach him already what are we waiting for?
"Our for-profit health care system makes money off of death, the same way our arms merchants make money off of death. - Chris Hedges
I'm for universal healthcare but to say it's "free for everyone" is a gross oversimplification.
Everyone pays something and everybody gets something.  Basic care. Fair.
Yes, I agree. But not "free."
Didn't say free - said everyone pays something.  We live in community.  Must share costs for general good.  Nobody makes it on their own.
And that's my point, Judi. The original graphic said "free for everyone" and that's not true.
When you see your GP you pay nothing; when you pick up your prescription you pay nothing; no hospital bill either.
Yes ... I don't know why people can't understand that I know this. But it's being paid for somehow.
Americans, right? Not thuggish foreign heads of state?
You guys know that is not going to work with the public right? Personally I'd predict it would result in massive public protests and riots.
And yet his supporters will still stand by him!  Crazy!!
We gotta keep fighting back!
crystal clear and reportedly in one sentence, interesting
@POTUS is undermining the ACA, taking away the ability for some to get health insurance. Isn't that breaking an oath? #ACAisLaw #Impeach
I suppose that in a sick irony, Sarah Palin was right about government death panels. #TrumpFailure
Actually she wasn't. They made it come true. Not the same.
Thisass hates Americans! I feel like he wants to kill us all if not then why does he do these things to us.
Because the only way he can feel like he is winning is if everyone else is losing.
Sad but true.
Gotta get out in 2018 and vote out the clowns.
wouldn't he be breaking the law?  Ryan said ACA is and continues to be the law of the land??
It has already happened
they have already canceled payments?
I don't see how they legally can if those payments are mandated in the law. But then, I'm neither a lawyer or an expert on the ACA.
Then they make new laws
Right, which is what they are trying to do but, assuming the subsidies are mandated, Trump can't end them until the new law passes.
And I read yesterday that House passed AHCA bill but possibly erred on procedure & may have to vote again before it goes further
Yes & No. They need to have a certain amount of "savings" to pass the bill via reconciliation, which can't be filibustered. 1/
I think most people had suspicions that the #ACA was being Sabotaged by "others" who had their own agendas.
True. Rubio slipped in de-funding ACA years ago. Need to recognize as a fundamental human right and fund accordingly.
Because seriously, that's the only good thing I get out of this: watching you thugs get karma because of POTUS fucking you over.
Why are we in a position where we have to rely on the federal government to pay or get health insurance?
Because duly elected representatives passed laws to that effect and SCOTUS upheld those laws
Insurers entered into commitments with the federal government to be paid for those services. The govt is now threatening to stop pmt
But the law requires insurers to continue providing those services uncompensated. That means full faith and credit of US govt is meaningless
Argue that the ACA should be repealed all you want. But the government shouldn't reneg on obligations midstream
My reply to Murphy was that it should have never come to this.  Not that the feds shouldn't fulfill their obligation
Fair enough. We disagree philosophically here. But even if your view prevails, unraveling the current system shouldn't be done haphazardly
We agree upon that 100%. Withholding payment or threatening to is immoral and illegal.
You are being followed by thousands of bots that follow Trump...you need to purge them before they act on whatever plan that they have.
It takes a real POS to do something like this!
Is this real, no sane person would do such a ruthless thing.
That they didn't pay for?  If so I'm fine with it.
Right. Because people who can't afford health insurance should just suffer and die, eh?
Yes, if the alternative is taking money from my family's finances which I need to pay for our health insurance.  Yes.
You have no idea how insurance works, do you? The (currently) healthy pay for the (currently) sick.
Who also pay.  You seem to not understand it, ao I'm confused why you say I do not?
Why is the life of a low-income person worth less than that of more affluent people?
Rs do believe low income ppl worth less than high income. Only time they bring up science & twist it - Darwin's survival of the fittest
Is that a twist?  Or example of Left denying science when it doesn't match their world view?  And, pretty harsh accusation. Rs believe equal
He does have a mandate. You remember those huge campaign crowds in PA and OH chanting "rich people need tax cuts!"
Ok you made me smile. Gallows humor.
Obamacare was getting better untilTrump Shot it in the Middle of 5th Avenue and Trumpers didn't care #Medicaidcuts #ACA #ACHA #CutsHurtKids
If this happens the American people will NEVER forgive the @GOP  @SpeakerRyan or @SenateMajLdr WE ARE ALL WATCHING!
And they dont need to. Vote them out
6 million jobs at risk too. Nursing homes and hospitals will close or lay off people. Some people will die. Many will suffer needlessly.
I don't think we should take any of this quietly! We need to increase #RESISTANCE as their evil-  ness increases. When will this end!
He is just a hateful man..we made a horrible mistake by underestimating the him.
#POTUS* Doesn't GAF about nobody but himself and his rich cronies. Exactly why his ship is sinking. #FuckHim!!! #TrumpRussia
I wouldn't throw him a rope!
My republican father said the same! Just to be "THE PRESIDENT"! Not maga.
To save the taxpayers money, snowflake, and bring down Obamacare even sooner.
its alrdy started
Looking at Trump's history, stopping payments is his standard operating procedure.
On the nose!! #crookedtrumpadministration
(Bleeped word). He needs to be gone sooner than later. No patience when trump is daily causing horrible treason and harm. Impeach now!
Pay attention.  The agendas of these people is heartless and self serving. They want to get richer hurting others. Foot on the necks of poor
Don't let him Chris. Do something. Get your white hat on!
And is slowing Medicaid reimbursements to states.
he is not only a #traitor but inhuman, willing to hurt many people for no reason but for the interest of the  rich
He is a horrible man and is ruining so much of what we love about this country
Public endangerment. Breaking his constitutional vow. Are those not prosecutable?
Can we sue? Can the companies sue for breach of payment?
Yep. And then blame Democrats for it. Despite controlling Congress and senate
He is despicable and disgusting. He's ruin the very lives he swore to protect
Im confused how can Trump do Billion dollar aroma deal with out congress. When congress has to approve health care that's confusing to me
He's f/ing horrible!!
A horrible vengeful man who could care less for anyone outside his family
I heard that in North Carolina, the gov has shut down all food stamps. Is this true?
Why weren't Democrats honest with Americans when ACA passed to start with?..Should we believe you're being honest with us now?
And it's your job to stop him, congessperson. It's your job to do what's best for your electorate, not the so-called prez. Plz do ur job.
The @GOP already started that process a few years ago!
Why didn't Ds include this in the must pass CR to fund the government?
Why can't he be stopped? Enough is Enough! @realDonaldTrump must be stopped!
Since Obamacare isn't disaster @GOP portrays, they will make sure it dies by choking off funds to force out insurers & sabotaging Americans.
It will be his big F-U to Americans as he exits
You're the friggin senator. We're doing what we can.
ACAis the law of the land. Didn't trump take an oath to uphold our Constitution & laws?????
Hasn't strayed from the constitution..   Hillary was ginna kill 2a
Hillary wasn't going to kill anything, she was the RIGHT choice.
Well, he is stupid, but these people R his BASE! His last defense against the dark Gods of Impeachment. Why feck them?
What??!!
He'll blame BO and/ or Democrats.
Most of you are unstable, don't care about facts or research anything before making insane assumptions, or random insults. It's hilarious.
Just read its on hold for a few months.
He wants to save people from the monstrosity of Obamacare by killing them.
BUT YOU IN THE MIDDLE EAST SMILING AND SHAKING HANDS WITH ALL THIS CONFLICT GOING ON OVER HERE
@ChattyCarnation @POTUS can I collect unemployment if I don't get paid? NOT. please figure out how to stop this crazy machine
... and blame Obamacare for not being able to pay it's bills. Trump has always got a shell game going.
And it's congress's job to make him do what he must.  Chris, you've got to get some from over fence and put this guy in his place.
TRUMP was right he could shoot someone

Except he wants to kill thousands to satisfy his & GOPs ego for reduced care
Sick way to maga. Take his pens away. He is literally  killing people
No one should be confused who is evil in this effort, Trump and his soulless minions, have no concern if you suffer... a
It's destroying itself by design chris.  Trump is trying to save as much of it as he can.  Stop the fearmongering.
If only we would have known Trump doesn't pay his bills before the election.
Would not surprise me! He is EVIL in the house!
If he does that than every American will know exactly how he feels about us. Nothing !
DAFUK?????
He is such a jerk
Anything to prove himself right. Men like Trump cares little about your pain. Always being right is his joy. Even if he has to be S WHIPLASH
#TRUMPCARE he needs to take ownership of this...remember who took your healthcare away
He's going for the lowest approval rating. He thinks this is like golf.
When corporations turned healthcare into a for profit money making business that has to feed stock dividends it had no choice but to go up
@DarrellIssa YOU will be held responsible for hurting your constituents!
Senator, we're going to need to clone you.
GET HIS ASS SENATOR MURPHY
Yup by his will but not will of the people.
Trump is a bitch. Biggest traitor to America in my lifetime.
And give to Saudi Arabia and rich ppl
This says a lot about the ppl who support him.....
Americans are paying attention.
Calling out corp. GREED culture! UnitedHealth '15=6.8 BILLION! #GOP/#DEMS/CEO time 2 replace profit w/service. U work 4 US or not @ all
Let's hope he goes to jail first.
Another cruel & punishing move
All of the Rs bear responsibility. They are not merely complicit but actively destructive and they really don't care what happens to ppl
Sounds like something he'd do.
Because he is such a good-hearted, thoughtful person...said no one ever.
@connorsdale1 @POTUS IS ANYONE LISTENING?
He is a monster.
I hate Trump politics, Trump WH and Trump GOP. 
And Let's be crystal clear - GOP is supporting him.
Lengthy history of stiffing people just like the hardworking 99%ers who still think he's great. Too bad they didn't pay attention.
Have you ever changed a tite? Could you change a tire? Do you know what gojo is? You're a soft handed lib who doesn't care about workers
Evil
That will precipitate multiple law suits.
This should be unlawful
This isn't his money he's screwing around with, it's American tax payer money, &we are not going we will not stand for this,
And what can we do?
Cont 2 apply pressure 2 Congress. Call, call, call...local office 1st. Cont 2 be vocal! Give to groups fighting this agenda. Connect w/Indiv
@LynneMPatriot @POTUS   Isn't it Congress that controls the purse?
Tell your congressman, woman- NO
Anyone surprised?
Make sure it is in the headlines daily!
This is disgusting! #SaveACA
But that's illegal! And immoral! Oh yeah ...
Will believe it when we see it. He needs to get real about Lyme disease+help people get covered for that. It's a former bioweapon gone wild
Horrible!!! Evil man!!!
He's one sick POS!!
@MaggieJordanACN @POTUS so since trump is going down he's gonna take the rest of us with him.
Seems like revenge for #TrumpRussia or just garden variety Malice
We are experiencing the coordinated destruction of America by Trump, WH Administration, Cabinet & GOP Congress. Death Squads in Trump Hell.
Malice a for thought: person is unconcerned for the lives of others.  Specific intent to destroy ACA  has got to be violation of law.
Shame for me who uses it and didn't vote for that dolt
BACK MEDICARE FOR ALL YOU CANTALOUPE
YOU'RE  NOT GONNA GET A DAMN VOTE UNTIL BACKING MEDICARE FOR ALL YOU CENTRIST CANTALOUPE
Do you mean unconstitutional redistributions?
If we systemically accounted for individual risk, we could eliminate the health insurance risk arbitrage business model.
Its plain enough to me. The hits just keep on coming.
They behave like the nazis that wanted to kill as many jews as possible even when the war was over. They're barely any better.
dt is pure evil
That's bc his Russian friends buying into our HCI mkt. He needs to pass that bill to pay them back.
2018 can't come soon enough.
I retweeted, can't hit like!
And even the Insurance Cos.are calling him out on it..."
ofc, it would affect their monetary gain so now they care.
Thank you.
IOW he's going to *make* the ACA fail so he can say it's a failure and dismantle it. All for his obsession with Obama.
Well he wants healthcare to fail also because he cant get his tax cuts without that money. And because hes so jealous of Obama. Wow.
Then wouldn't the government be in default on agreement with those insurers?
And cause doctors offices to go out of business which makes care unavailable.
He starves ACA and blames the recipe.
Doctors still reject them because the reimbursements are too low. Coupled with high deductibles and premiums that cancel each other out.
How can we make this, perilous TRUTH-
 understood by the general public?  

@GOP has their voters HOODWINKED!
2) The #MarchForTruth / #WomensMarch Jun 3 no exceeding 70 cities. This will be largest protest march to date. Trump & GOP need to take note
And keep up the pressure @ town hall meetings!! Keep telling them to uphold the law of ACA. Keep telling them too do their jobs!
and @GOP will fully support him while bitching on here at the same time. If you are not working against him you are with him
@CrumbyVh @POTUS He can really.do this?
With this Republican congress the answer is yes. They hold the purse strings.
Deplorable
Where do you get this stuff?
#draintheswamp
right, cuz it's all about winning
What do we need to do? Please advise!
This is just wrong, dirty, and just like DJ.T... His children must be proud.

Only way for @potus claims of ACA implosion to happen.
EVERY TIME THAT DAMN SHINY OBJECT CALLED TRUMP FLASHES MCCONNELL AND RYAN PULL THEIR STUNTS TO REALLY RUIN AMERICAN LIVES!

I see a flux of LAW SUITS coming if, the NUT attempts that. He's seeking a big DIVERSION, from his Criminal Enterprise investigation.
Is there anything we can do?
@MaggieJordanACN @POTUS Let's just trade compassion and for revenge. The devastation will be unbelievable.Trump doesn't care.
Chris, you keeping an eye on McConnell and his gang of white guys working on AHCA? They're going to slip a 51-vote SB on the floor shortly.
McConnell is pure calculated evil. I just wish I knew why.
...while making murderous arms deals to questionable govts.  #FollowTheMoney
He's the only president in history that has been able to successfully accomplish anything on his agenda... not gonna happen
Yes, make sure everyone knows
Why? So that he can claim that ObamaCare is a failure? Is this
true?
