Why even have "insurance?"  What a joke.  Medicare for all single payer NOW!
Honestly, what would a cash cost be for a no complication birth. Do  no complication moms pay for the high complication mom's?
Seriously, birthing happens regardless. Why so complicated & expensive? Why could insurance pay 100% 30 years ago? Everyone is born. Share =
One would think the anti-choice folks would find the possible increase in #abortions because of unnafordable premiums horrifying. I do.
Fetus-fetishists don't really want to prevent abortions, they just want to babble about them as an excuse to treat women like shit
You don't know how not true that is. Every time I see this said I'm baffled by the ignorance.
Well yeah, why should anyone have to take responsibility and pay for someone else's poor choices? They should take responsibility for thier actions whether it's before or after the fact. This isn't a hard concept, people.
Drug dependence: $20K !!!!!!
500% surcharge for anyone diagnosed as drug-dependent is not going to fly in places like West Virginia.
They're floating this as an "acceptable" form of eugenics. They WANT those people to die.
500% surcharge for anyone diagnosed as drug-dependent is not going to fly in places like West Virginia.
They really do. Either die or Make it impossible to get clean. Then break the law and go to for profit prison. Debtors prison is next
That would not surprise me in the least!
Rich White guys with great healthcare deciding who lives and who dies. For Fucking Profit.
It's a dystopian novel come to life.
Next is new jungle war with NK. Makes IMC billions refitting military and keep the oil wars going at the same time.
Bs. Most pre existing are covered by workplace group plans, 4% is total w PE conditions.
So the self employed are SOL? Undeserving? #HealthCareForAll
I was Smelt employed and Lost everything with the ACA.
Prior to ACA my healthy husband was denied coverage for pre-existing conditions.
Cobra and group health plans would have covered him. Pre-existing is less than 4% of the population. Deal with it...
Okay, so you are unconcerned if 4 of 100 people can't get insurance? I have different values.
@GOP Should just say it out loud; If you get sick, please die quickly and quietly.
…and only get pregnant if you're rich enough to afford pregnancy.
But if you do happen to get in the family way, you better damn well suffer. /sarc
Holy hell. It took my wife and I 6 years of complications to finally have a child. I can’t imagine what we’d be paying under this admin.
And open the pic and even more common conditions are going to get surcharges! So unacceptable @SenRonJohnson @SenWarren @SpeakerRyan #resist
1/2 GOP wanted ACA to fail so they can blame the Dems, gain traction on THEIR plan, and carve out lucrative deals for themselves. no secret.
2/2 NOW they want THEIR plan to kill health care (and half of us) so spectacularly, but not until the Dems swing back in power to take blame
remember...the GOP added the clause exempting themselves from having to subscribe to THEIR OWN plan. They KNOW it is a terrible plan!
All they want? Line their pockets and pockets of their donors & create utter chaos to later be blamed on the Big Gov & Dems to gut more regs
If there's a surcharge for every health condition, then why call it Insurance?  it's just paying in advance.
I cannot understand USA obsession with make insurance companies rich. They ad nothing to medical outcomes (other than stress and poverty )
The obscenely overpaid upper-level execs at insurance companies don't care about their customers. Beholden to stock price and shareholders.
No they don't.  They actually bet against the patient. Their business model makes them try to not pay therefore they try to not heal.
Disagree. The stockholders/investors are the real bosses.
Sorry  - badly worded. You are right. So the policy holders are profit centres not patients. So the shareholders can make money.
Price transparency is everything. More    govt involvemnt just makes it worse.
Not is USA, but I actually trust my elected officials more than corporate trying to make profit. Govt is of the people for the people, yes?
So someone with depression and Fibromyalgia will be screwed. Holy freaking hell.
People only have so much $. They will not burden their families and may decide to kill themselves. If they do pay it there will be no money for any other segment in this country. We're looking at a massive depression being caused by this. Bankruptcy. beatings, murder from stress.
 The US sees an average of 7 cases of bubonic plague in a year, I guess you better hope it only gets rich people. 3 so far in 2017.
Everyone needs to call their reps DAILY. Be heard! Text 'Resist' to 50409 to send their offices emails, faxes and letters. Be relentless
https://youtu.be/QSygF17_foc   #obamagate #ObamaGate #FISACourt #obamaFisaScandal #resist #Scandal #Breakingnews #BREAKING SO SAD, #TrumpLeaks
http://www.cnn.com/2017/05/22/politics/medicaid-budget-cuts/index.html … Rattner You Are A crook wanting Tax cuts for Rich while Killing Americans God Needs to Punish You. @realDonaldTrump
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump @tribelaw @tedcruz @marcorubio @SenJohnMcCain @SteveKBannon @cnn
NO Peace In USA Until Unclean Hands Curtsy Trump is Impeached for "Lies,Corruption,Coverup,/Deceit,Obstruction Of Justice"+WH GOPs=Jail @CNN
This is "soft" Eugenics
I just finished watching "the Man in the High Castle". Is that the world they want?
Anyone here that can afford 140k to pay health insurance?
Under Obamacare, here is my hike in premiums with no pre existing conditions $9600!
Wow! This will be devistating!
@RepLoudermilk  How will premium increase of up to 3,500% for ppl with pre-existing conditions help achieve financial independence?
Keep our ACA we need our current coverage of pre-existing not rate hikes
Aca bankrupts&denies #ruined healthcare ask any patient iN DE HOW THEY R TREATED HIGH RATE$

 DEMS LIED TO USA 

BRYAN STATED DE LOOSER ECO
Tell what #bundle  means w medicare$ wasted=NO THERAPY 2ELDERLY ACA #DEATH PANELS FACT LOOK AT RECORDS START W CHRIST HOSP AND REHABS IN DE.
estimated by whom? Your progressive group or are you misstating someone else's numbers
I've noticed  "Erectile Dysfunction" did not make the list of #preexistingconditions , No worries for those who suffer #LimpDickSyndrome...
Suicide is free! Well sort of, they may find an 'at fault' clause they can tax or charge for 
No wonder all this is disaster & crisis either way. Because neither side wants to see REAL REFORM needs to start with MEDICAL BILLING reform
In time of hurricane is against law for businesses 2 price guage. But is perfectly legal to price gauge sum1 whose life is in medical peril.
Insurance companies either don't insure or charge you a fortune for pre-existing conditions. Not new.
Could you look up the word "insurance", this may solve your confusion.
Um look at the source for these calculations. These numbers are phony and are an authors calculations from a meeting when Obama was POTUS
How many can afford
758% in the first year for me. Hard times are coming unless the Senate steps up.
Amazes me that people are blathering on about how it will cover pre-existing conditions & not comprehending the real costs. Unbelievable
@RepAnnWagner @MissouriGOP will be held accountable for premises made. Slick move with  post '18 phase in. We will remember in Nov '18 & '20
Absolutely ridiculous totally unaffordable
Unconscionable and heartless bastards. There is no punishment horrible enough for them. But whatever it is I hope it is now& very painful
Out of curiosity, where do you get these stats?
Shame shame shame shame!
Absurd. In Germany Asthma meds cost ca. 5 €/month, Diabetes ca. 50 €/month. Pregnancy fully covered by any insurance.
America really knows how to fuck it's citizens!
Hmm
This will make it even more unaffordable/unattainable.  #DEFEATSTHEPOINT
Rip
AHCA = Absolutely Horrendous CARE-less Abomination
Paul Ryan, McCarthy and the lot of those fools should be ASHAMED of passing this and LYING about it being "better".
@anthony_susie_b #wealthcare by @realDonaldTrump
Here you go - this is making America Great?
How can a normal working person afford this?
They can't and that's why everybody is so pissed off
Trump alleging this is about Hillary Clinton is so ridiculous
RIDICULOUS!
How can a normal working person afford this?
They can't
That Is the point I guess
I'm in shock
I'm actually falling into a depression,
And it seems I'm not alone.
I worry 4 my kids.
Not actuarial, & doesn't take in structure of high risk pool, & what % insurers will charge low risk to subsidize. W/out, it's useless
Get rich quick, buy stocks and shares in the funeral companies.
Preventative healthcare lost out bigly. Result: shortened life span - more ER visits. Prenatal  care gives  way to more major medical cost.
At this moment only @NancyPelosi understands clearly what  @SpeakerRyan is going through. Someone should connect them for a drink! I would!
na na na na, na na na na ,hey hey hey , good bye!
What about HIV? obviously preexisting, I'm a woman who is 27 years into treatment, doing awesome because of my med schedule, I'm freaking
If you read the fine print these are figures from 2016 and relate to Obamacare  MISREPRESENTATION is by definition a lie
Such a lying sack of manure.  But then he is a Democrat Its in their blood.  With a 10K deductable under Obumcare there is no insurance LIAR
So lets say I've got; Asthma, Diabetes, Arthritis, Cancer and I get pregnant, my premium is going to go up $192,500/year?
Hah! Lovely. I have rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, anemia, chronic anxiety and depression.... premium hikes are exactly what would help me! 
You know you can heal yourself of all those issues you have without any doctors 
Oh wow look at that turns out all those doctors with all that training were wrong, I just gotta  b e l i e v e 
No you do your own research and I am incredibly more healthy by self care you don't need them
Glad that worked for you but I'd be dead without my meds so peace 
I'm sorry that you have to take meds this is a program that has been sold to you .
Wow. Just...wow.
Wonder who they'll rt when probojackass is in French prison.
#Chump just celebrated the destruction of his voting base 
http://seniorjournal.com/NEWS/Politics/2016/20161208_Senior_citizens_and_%20less_educated_happy_with_Trump_transition.asp …
I cannot even begin to wrap my mind around this.
Americans can not afford to pay for other peoples healthcare. Invent a money tree and we all get healthcare.
Insurance companies, only,  are the winners!
You are lying
Republicans murder their own voters. Yet the only ones who won't re-elect them will be the dead ones.
This is horrible
Are these annual rate hikes, over 10 years,  or what?
Great. I'm already $35k in the hole. I'd better go get a job that lets me sockaway that much in the bank every year. #GoodLuckWithThat
A 140K increase is basically a decrease in premiums. Because you pay $0 for premiums you can no longer afford.
This is horrible
Seriously. Wtf is wrong with you people?  You are supposed to represent the moral compass of the free world. Rightyo guns but not health????
Cc middle America
OMG
My asthma med is $20 a month but my insurance makes me get a 3 month supply at $80 not $60. That's U.S. insurance math at its best. Pathetic
Omg, seriously? That's not INSURANCE, it's assurance that if you're poor, you die
Just go abroad deliver and come back
DON'T FORGET RAPE AS A PREEXISTING CONDITION!
From that list, alone, my costs go up $30k.
Return to the days when GYN coverage could be denied for Hx of a cyst or endometriosis. Sad.
@DCHILLIUS2K but this is ok because he's gonna build a wall and stop em Mexicans from taking er jobs right?
Donald trump doesnt have he power to do this and 3/4 of the states have to pass it you know?You should research how amendments are passed
But this is the mindset of the guy running the country and you trust him just because you're that ignorant and racist
I'm racist?
Ummmm yeah the only reason you support Trump is based on his racist ideologies nothing else he says would benefit you in any way
Unless you're a billionaire
THIS IS WHAT AMERICA NEEDS TO PRINT OUT & TAKE TO TOWN HALLS! ASK ALL QUES ABOUT THESE PREMIUMS!
The doc you presented is data from  March 2016. Time traveling RATtner?
The use of terminology surrounding the Trumpcare vote needs to shift quickly from "victory" to "unfolding humanitarian disaster"
Number put together by Center for American Progress......a real unbiased group :/
It is from 2016 too.
Dumb question but how is this better in any way?
Obamacare is crumbling beneath our feet and you don't see the truth.  Get a brain
This is bs
Where can I locate cost chart at original source? I want to post but have ppl who will demand being able to pull it up on their own.
It is from 2016. How can it be about this bill?
Horrible! Let the Congress and their staff be forced to take in this health plan!! Let's see them take it! Republicans cannot be trusted!
What is the source for these estimates?
Financial endurtured servitude for women- back we go to the 80s again.
@feliciaday GREAT!!! Looks like I'm screwed!!!
We've got to give our Reps and Sens hell about this at Town Halls over Congressional Spring recess
1'st rate piece of crap.
BS, it greatly harms them due to the excessive increases in their premiums; you are such a nitwit Paul Ryan. And you prove it everyday. Sad!
Guess what, that is what "working" Americans are already paying . Instead of paying protesters Dems should use the money for their ppl 
So what about trans* men? I have to pay for having a uterus they won't surgically remove because it isn't 'necessary'? AFAB=fucked. FFS.
I have at least 2 of these. 
$200-300/mo PER INHALER
Nothing like trying to commit negligible homicide but making it harder to receive life saving treatment
Disgusting.Dare I say, unamerican.
Tweet says "for people with". Screen shot says "for a 40 yr old with". Don't bend facts, that way you're more convincing.
This is disgraceful. Now my college age t1 diabetic son will have this increase plus Betsy's added interest on student loans. Disgusting.
I'm in tears. I can't express all my feelings in a tweet, but this is very personal. I don't want to be sick again.
Under this amendment, here are est hikes in premiums for ppl w/:
Asthma: $4k
Diabetes: $5.5k…
nothing in this is the truth
thats not coverage, that is highway robbery!
What type of diabetes? The term covers two different diseases...
Senate better get their shit together and kill this thing.
Originally I didn't want to get pregnant because I don't want children. Now I also know I wouldn't be able to afford it anyway.
Also, because of climate change, asthma cases are going to skyrocket. I imagine not many of them have thousands of dollars to breathe.
I would like to know what Trumps Base thinks about this plan...most of them will be affected by this
Maybe this will encourage Americans to eat healthy?! But really,  this is outrageous.
why do american politicians hate having their citizens healthy? just tack on to taxes and make it universal....its not hard get w/ the times
Cuz our politicians are mega sacks of shit
its actually fucking nuts. the larger population you have, the easier this concept is. with 325M people, its prob just an increase of 2-3%..
I'm screwed! We all are!
Horrifying! What if you have several of those conditions!..guess I'll start digging my grave now
Oh, bullshit. Nobody's premiums are going up $140,000 a year.
Just in time for Mothers' Day - GOP votes for $17K motherhood surcharge. #SendEmPackin2018
No words. GOP is a death squad.
This is ridiculous!
Are these estimates from the same ppl that obama used when he said premiums wouldn't rise and we'd save $2500 annually?
This is a tax cut for the wealthy. Make no mistake. They did nothing to improve anyone's healthcare.
Nohe that's a -completed- pregnancy, not a current one. Motherhood is apparently a pre existing condition.
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan have ruined healthcare
Great. Full-time engineer with a college degree and I can't afford to get cancer even while on insurance.
This party is the worst thing to happen to America just as the attacks on 911 these people want to kill Americans too
Also Steve these changes apply to workplace plans at least for small market small business areA. They will just drop coverage altogether
This is based on CMS' rush adjustment program, not inherent these will be estimated premium increases from amendment.
From UK perspective this is madness. Our NHS is not perfect but the US healthcare system is insane, cruel and profit, not care, focused.
I'm sure Viagra is still covered
As someone living with RA I will most certainly fall in the pre exsisting catagory..
Have to define 'protects' i guess
Lupus and RA $26K - WTF?
Read the fine print, this is based on Medicare and Medicaid services. This is mot for individual plans, show your source.
Keep it football. No one follows you for politics.
Was already gonna pretend I no longer have asthma bc expense to renew prescrip. Ugh. "Fake it til ya make it" applies to asthma, right?!
What is a "completed pregnancy" with little to no complications?  I assume completed means you've given birth?
@SenatorLeahy  bring wrongful death lawsuits against those whose vote costs loved ones their lives
Wow. Never felt better about being "just a diabetic". :(

This is terrible. STOP THIS BILL!
So happy that the GOP & @POTUS are looking out for the interests of the health insurance industry and not the People.  
@RepSanfordSC Will you vote for constituents' freedom to pay $140K each per year for coverage if they have cancer? #Trumpcare
I'm fine with high risk pools being used.   It needs to cost more for people who use more healthcare.  State level income taxes should help.
I have 3 of those, under ACA I pay $51 a month for my partner and myself for full coverage at Kaiser. We both are cancer survivors.
That's terrible!!
Fucked up beyond analysis!
Text resistbot 50409
Ridiculous. GOP does not understand how insurance works.
Feeling very sick right now. #GOPgrowasoul
At what point in this does congress talk with insurers? I really don't know.
I have suffered from rheumatoid arthritis since I was 2 and I am disgusted beyond belief at what this country has become!
...ANOTHER FAKE NEWS!!!
Everyone has access , just you know can't pay for it
@RepTimMurphy  Your vote is so important.  Please do NOT support the ACA repeal vote today.  Your constituents deserve better!  #voteno
Steve doesn't understand insurance
Daddy's Dem Party will always be the Party of Evil doers. They murdered Democracy when they murdered JFK.
I want kids one day but holy mother, 17K with NO complications? What world are these people living in?
Repeal and replace with new rules that don't change the concept, by using the same ideas but discriminate more and make it more unaffordable
The last eight years has been filled with lies by Dems &  RINO Dems masquerading around as Republicans within GOP,  including Obama
No didn't you hear
GOP says good people don't have pre-existing conditions
Don't worry
This will be manslaughter for many.
@RepMikeCoffman this is not what we have asked you to do.  Stand by your ppl, NOT your party-vote NO.
That whole thing you're referencing refers to the ACA.
When only the wealthy can afford to live, and have nothing but tax breaks, who will support them?  Who will buy their products?
Fake news. B.S.  hope you do a follow up story when this ignorant scare story proves wrong. "Can keep your doc, plan,etc.."? Really.
Well, if someone is poor & can't afford to pay to deliver a baby, no big deal, since our gov't is pro-choice...no wait, that's not right...
@SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake 

Is this Amendment what Az wants you to say "Yes" to.. We are counting on you to do the right thing for us !!
This is the problem as shows the cost of healthcare is wildly excessive and the surcharges amount to prepaid healthcare. Cash pay cheaper.
TrumpNoCare works .... as long as you don't get sick or injured.
