Big WIN today for building the wall. It will secure the border & save lives. Now the full House & Senate must act! http://45.wh.gov/5L8g1q  
Was this partisan approved?
I don't know. Point is, we're going to be paying for it - NOT Mexico. And they never will. Meanwhile, stripping heath care from millions!
I don't mind my tax money to pay for the wall.  In fact, ill send a check if I could.
You got a spare $25 BILLION? Then you'll have to deal w/ AZ /TX border ranchers if you want to take their land to build. Good luck w/ that!
The wall is such complicated issue..1st it's a not a friendly  wall, 2nd.. this could help Mexico become a better government for its people?
Dumb wall will block flood plains/ animal migration/ border residents in AZ/TX + Indians don't want part of their land walled off.
Small farmers may go out of business. Who will hand pick their fruit? If you want affordable produce, we need migrant workers to pick it!
Lastly, we don't have a spare $25 BILLION to pay for a stupid wall. My right to heath care & life trumps a hate wall!
I hope those scary Mexicans don't go out a buy a couple $10 shovels.
Don't worry.  We are gong to build solar panels on the wall and sell the energy to Mexico...bc they have no sun 
Have you seen the ads the Koch bros are funding opposing money for a wall? Building a wall will be another broken promise
Can't wait to tear it down.
It certainly doesn't seem appropriate...
They would if they could. Do not fund that immoral wall.
I believe it less a wall, and more a Trump toll booth, so you can get YOUR cut of border $, Making America a Joke Again,
Sounds like US House will need to put a @POTUS peso tax on Mexico's taco bowls. @VicenteFoxQue won't like this and will make another video.
We can hope he makes another video or two
You don't know a lot of things. Just think you do.
TY for your insights @tedlieu . Let's work to remove Nunes and Issa as Reps of CA. Repeatedly working to steal elections is NOT patriotic!
The costs of building and maintaining that wall are going to be astronomical. Waste of money and is not going to do what he thinks.
There are multiple tunnels already under the boarder. This wall will do nothing.
There are multiple tunnels alreadybetween the two countries. This wall will do nothing.
Ouch
DID u know THIS. Do read Teddy.  https://www.gop.com/the-2-billion-man/ …

https://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/04/24/us/cash-flowed-to-clinton-foundation-as-russians-pressed-for-control-of-uranium-company.html?referer=#modal-lightbox …

http://www.912communique.com/forum/topics/the-clinton-foundation-global-initiative-scam-part-one-of-two …

http://kazworld.info/?p=58479 
Has everyone forgotton? Or are these people untouchable? Or has every da** body involved in Washington/Media been bought or blackmailed?
It just gets worse and worse every day.
Don't for get that the wall will be made of lucite, so we can watch the drugs come flying in... Our @potus is a lying pile of refuse.
Great our farmers can watch the food rot in the fields @VP @IronStache
Well guess you are kinda surprised then
Your promise was not that we would pay for the wall with money we need for other things
How do we have $1.6 billion for a useless, pointless, ineffective wall, but don't have $ to keep ppl insured?
Why don't you just shutup? All you do is complain and have mothing to show for why you are paid. I can complain too-pay me!
Ted our crops are spoiling BC of this 
What a CLUELESS man DJT IS. i'VE SAID THIS BEFORE & i'll say it again: 
This person really wants to be a dictator, just like Putin!
#thewall #sad
@truth2b @realDonaldTrump TED YOU didnt know that Nixon resigned!!!!
But his base beliefs it
And we worried about food stamps? 
Get em, Jen
Sighhh you know it! Got to
Never change 
Thank you!
How is Mexico paying for this again? Another promise broken.
IMO he can break every promise he made until he leaves office.  The less damage he does the better.
That's true. It's mostly just a call out to his supporters.
I vacillate between having compassion for the way they were lied to (incl some family members) and hoping they get taught a lesson.
they (the supporters) will blame the Dem's
Many will.  My in-laws are still making excuses for him but are becoming more embarrassed.  Ex-military must hate this Putin worship.
@loulousue1 @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @Dailystormers @infowars @BreitbartNews #Fredo #TrumpTreason
To build a fucking wall we don't need and take healthcare away from people who need it most. Unfuckingbelievable! The GOP is downright evil!
"With this money, we will build an 8 inch wall that will trip all those illegals as they try to come across. WINNING!"

Election promise was that Mexico would pay
Trumpkin says the WALL has to be transparent.  Wondering if it will be as transparent as the Trumpettes.
You sir do not know a lot of things and one is being a proud American and respecting the office of our president. Enough! Do your job!
It was promised that Mexico would pay for it... not me
Wall is a waste of $$. Stop the employers that pay cheap wages to people from other countries & stop the black market of Social Security #'s
It should b conditional. If the WALL changes nothing, then Trump & his supporters should pay the money back to the rest of us that PAY taxes
Seems odd to me that we would have billions to build a wall and can't give healthcare to everyone. Maga? #healthcarenotwalls
Hey #Dolt45
So at this rate you'll be dead 15 years by the time that wall is built... WITH OUR MONEY. Go back to Russian Cockholstering.
It could stop sending Mexico funds
Thank you!
Thank you.
I'm NOT paying for your hateful wall any more than Mexico will!
GOP & Trump can find $ to build wall no one wants yet cannot find $ for SINGLE PAYER HC everyone wants!!!!
This stupid idea needs to go away.
D up, don't you know you're going to get awfully dirty digging the wall by y

#RESISTANCE 
https://twitter.com/houseappropsgop/status/885640135299264513 … we should all be following this account.
The Committee has moved into consideration of the FY18 Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Bill.
That just slipped past most of his minions.
The list of things you don't know would be astoundingly long Teddy. Do your job.
But it wont save the poor people in America since they are the ones they they plan on taking the funds from !!

He got about 1/20th of the necessary funds... partytime?
Outrageous appropriation of "We the people's money ". Think how much real good that $ could do. Veterans,job training, medical research,etc

So, again, a lie. We will pay for the damn wall, the wall that will do absolutely NO good. What a crock!
Biggest irony is ThatMore of us are Dems=Dems ProduceGreaterEconomic activity=Dems paying more for stupid wall. 

@tedlieu @helenehrenhofer
I'd bet 60% of Mitts 47% r trumpettes live in red states the blue states subsidize yet we're 'the takers & lazy' while elitist intellectuals
A billion and a half for a stupid useless wall. God bless the GOP.
You win the internet today @tedlieu.
45 didn't know that either his lips just moving again lying!
#nevermypresident Impeach him Now!
Thank you Ted
Let's build the tunnel under the Hudson. Wall is ridiculous
And, it will cost much more than that!
Let's remember Trump uses whatever source fits his needs...especially the fake ones
New powers they were just give maybe.....?
I thought Mexico would pay for it!

Need School House Rock review. My name is Bill All together now!
You obstructionist
"Save lives"???? Wtf does that mean?
Mexico is #winning. Trump negotiated a deal so we pay for the wall.
Wait. He said Mexico was paying for the big beautiful wall. Are you saying he didn't tell the truth?
I wonder if he has any pants left
@SenDuckworth @SenatorDurbin @RepBillFoster @KamalaHarris @RepSwalwell @SenSchumer @alfranken @SenGillibrand
Fucking GOP
But it will be made of shrink wrap to preserve border integrity and transparency. #DrugsOverTheWall
How many votes does this asshole need for this wall?
So you all get to pay for a wall that already exists? 

How bout we reduce aid to them and confiscate monies owed. Think Ted Think I know it's hard for you
"And Mexico's gonna pay for it!" Why is he being allowed to get away with this?
Wait ! Mexico isn't paying for our wall?
Hey smart ass I right a big ass check if we secure the damn border I live in Texas and it's a damn problem send me the bill I'll pay my part
Stop it, cut it out, put that money into health care.
....And vote to block Democrats' effort to rescind potentially felonious #JaredKushner's security clearance.
He missed the episode of "School House Rock" so he doesn't know how bills become laws.
"Collusion fusion, what are you accusing.
Hooking up Russians and traitors for money"
(Apology to ABC)

@realDonaldTrump: This TIME cover is real. Suitable for framing and displaying at all your Trump properties. @DonaldJTrumpJr
Please can't anyone stop this???
You Tweeter more than the President.  Are you think g of running 2020?

Damn. I wonder if Pena Nieto & the Mexican ppl know. I damn sure didn't. Does tht mean Canada is going to pay fir wall up north?

Not good!
A wall should be built around Trump and the rest of his treasonous family. That will keep America safe instead of "Make America Gullible"
The puppet only knows what he knows when Putin whispers it into his ears.
They can now!
Sooo We are footing another senseless bill?
Lie # 2,355
I don't want to pay for your DAMN WALL
And now we pay for the wall but you want the poor to starve and die from lack of health care.  Deplorable
Number one of the stupid promises he made to the American people. How many different ways can this putz come up with to waste our money?
WTF. PLEASE tell me this is NOT true.
Doubt Don The Con went to college
IQ and vocabulary of a houseplant
IS he even housebroken?
Putin's desperate Dork  
#WorldLaughsAtTrump
Another trump lie. Is anyone keeping track? I've lost count
TY for calling him on every drop of saliva that comes out his slimy mouth
This is horrible, we need this to go towards healthcare and feeding the less fortunate. Ridiculous!!! Outrageous, ludicrous!
That money could fund programs they are trying to cut!!
Not kicking in4Trump's wall built on white values that dark skin is determinate of less worth&justify withholding basic needs2pay4a pet rock
When u r insane u don't know it but his kids know it and do nothing
Beyond the amoral aspect, trump's wall will surely end up like Boston's "Big Dig" & end up waaaay over budget, yet not solve a key problem.
End foreign aid we send them. That will pay for it!
It's the new modern presidenting.
Snap!
He probably doesn't know.
The other third graders are telling him, "Donald, we can't take another country's money."
Believe I read they are getting the money from cancelling food stamps for children. Who needs to eat ....we need a stupid wall.
No wall.
Very bad. I could say more, but I wanted to use the same vocabulary as the so-called president.
We will have plenty of room in this country for more people once the #HealthcareBill goes into effect and we start dying. Thanks,  GOP.
We don't want the stupid wall
ZING!
Fake president Trumpy,, making stories up! 
I can't believe we r putting r elderly in the streets w/ no Medicare but we have B's 4 his lame f#%!ing wall. I'm so over all this insanity!
FIRST, update our public education, electrical, water and sewage systems nationwide, EMPLOY more inspectors to protect our FOOD SYSTEM.....
Going to need a LOT more than 1.6 billion to build it.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Or does Drumpft intend to invade Mexico and build his wall there?

I will ask again..How does South Texans feel about losing easy access to the Rio Grande? And land?
Dont forget that RepSteveKing wants to take $ away fr Food Stamps,kick 26M ppl off that program to build the wall-something very wrong w/GOP
#Trump is going to sign an EO allowing them to. 
The United States will not be safe until tRump is OUT
If even 1 cent is spent on this Stupid Wall idea, it reinforces Racism in our country and contrary to the Constitution and our Economy.
The wall is such a horrible idea. Waste of money that would be better spent on.. I dunno .. HEALTHCARE maybe?!!
#NoWall! #ImmigrationReform save #DACA
He's too stupid to grasp the basics
Hey middle class prepare to go extinct, your paying for the wall not Mexico !
Nobody wants that stupid wall!
At the cost of healthcare and millions of lives
We're all Mexicans now.
Don't have to. Just cut Medicaid, of course. Who cares about disabled kids, vets, seniors, or poor. They're replaceable.
Add that to the laundry list of things you don't know.
No one is building a wall! #TheResistance
Should've put that $ into infrastructure. How stupid is 45 to insist on this stupid wall!

.@realDonaldTrump You want me to get you "US House of Representatives 4 Dummies" along w "Syphilis Rots The Brain"?  Ugh! No Wall! Honestly!
So he's going to build a wall to save lives so his healthcare plan can take them back.
It's tough keeping the scales balanced
Angry my tax money being spent to further a bigoted racist agenda.
@GOP approves paying for wall yet won't pay for healthcare... guess they'll pay to tear it down after we all die.
I don't know where even to begin here, do you understand how taxes/tariffs work Ted?

Ted this needs to be stopped money needs to go to the us citizens for our benifit 
If trump wants it he can pay for it 
#TheResistance
...I have Brain Cancer..absolutely no tax credit. $1,500 per pill, $200,000 in medical bills..screw your precious wall.
Trumps words: "Mexico will pay for the wall." Apparently the US taxpayers are paying for this unnecessary piece of sh*t. #25thAmendmentNow
Use the f...g money for infrastructure! Jobs, education, etc.
The wall is a metaphor. I'm just going to keep Mexicans out by putting these signs up all across the southern border. #MAGA
remoke potus travel he is an embarssement he is a traitor
I AM NOT PAYING FOR NO WALL!!  We don't get a tax refund. I'll be damned if we have to pay more taxes!
Apparently, it's a secret! Just like his secret plan to defeat ISIS in 30 days. (I wonder how that's going?)
Wat a waste of money to build a monument for the fascist Nazi Trumpovsky   Wall will not stop any one.  Just burn our money  DT is  jerk
Shame on committee that threw away 1.6 billion thT could have gone to health care   How dumb could they be RT if yu agree
Any idea where this 1.6 billion is coming from?
Rep Lieu, what the latest estimate of how much this wall is going to cost? I think Trump has it down for a little over 1B.What's the real $?
Donald, are you saying you were lying when you said Mexico was going to pay for the wall? I am shocked!
More lives will be saved if you focus on affordable healthcare. My taxes should not be spent on wall AND your entire family's security!
Mexican people are awesome! This trump is crazy!? I live north of the border in San Diego. We are safe & our Mexican neighbors are wonderful
Ignorant waste of money once again - America footing the bill. How many more  poor and needy will suffer for this admin. stupidity?
MEXICO NO pagará ese estúpido muro.
Has anyone notified Mexico of this fantastical feat?! Cuz I'm pretty sure they're not aware that we can appropriate funds FROM them. 
No wall!!!
You are a ridiculous man. #SAD
Mexico will reimburse us? What a joke this trump is. And the idiots that voted for his con artist ways.
@realDonaldTrump is stealing from US taxpayers to pay for the unneeded, unwanted wall w Mexico. Mexico will never pay a dime for this. LIAR
I don't want to pay for the wall.  I want to pay for healthcare for our citizens.
But Mexico will pay
1.6 billion will not build much
Well, one thing's for sure - trump sure doesn't know!!!!
Perhaps the Trump family plans to launder money through Mexico...
Ouch!Ouch!

Cut Medicaid and build a wall. What the hell is wrong with these people.
Huge loss for American taxpayers by decreases bring made to fund this trump vendetta against Mexico due to trump hotel permits ten years ago
Put that money towards healthcare Medicaid social security cancer research anything but that wall, unless trump & family are on other side
A fun take on his ego wall:
Hey look! There goes the monkey with the football!!!
Using funds saved by throwing people off healthcare??
... must act to impeach you.
This is utter bull shit on the part of the GOP they suck at everything. We don't want a damn wall we want health care for all. Affordable.
Good one! Another failure and another bigoted project, @realDonaldTrump Please resign.
Exactly how many lives have been lost without the wall since he's been in office?
If we don't have funds to take care of our elderly, our children & our vets, we don't have money for the wall.
Agree
You were on fire on All In last night. Kudos.
Bait and switch and the Trump supporters don't care. Heavy sigh.
They just want the wall. They never cared if Mexico paid for it or not. Bunch of scared cretins.
