Their lives were transformed by DACA. Here’s what will happen if it disappears. http://wapo.st/2iX5AWB 
Betrayed? POTUS is fixing BO's illegal mistake. Do you care more for them than Americans??? Get your head out of your a$$.
They were betrayed by an unconstitutional law by Obama and you not doing your job. Now you're pandering to them and still not fixing it
Time to change the law! Don't disappoint us.
And what about the people who was born and raised  in these "United States  of America"?
We have too stop him. Please do something. You have loud a voice in our country, people will listen to you. You are one the good leaders. !!
Since when is holding people accountable to the law betrayal.
They should make it that these Dreamers become citizens. It is not fair that as children they were brought here by their parents.
They know they are illegal. Sure teaching them this way, theyll g r ow up to be good jail fodder. Why not teach them the right things to do.
Trump did not betray them. Congress passes laws. Executive branch enforces same. Get your job done and they can stay.
I'm so angry! Kamala Harris pointed out when questioning Mr Kelly on DACA, he wouldn't say he'd help them. Can Congress help them?
Ending #DACA will also cost #Virginia $4.7 BILLION according to @CatoInstitute . @realDonaldTrump is BAD FOR ECONOMY
You Democrats don't support our Constitution or laws.  Disgraceful.
Congress has been betraying them for the last 5 years, by not making Obama's temp fix permanent. You have legitimate responsibility
No amnesty.  Out.
Amnesty implies they committed a crime. As children brought here illegally they are not culpable to a crime.
Heartless Democrats created this mess


Band together and make your voices heard!
Yes, no DACA, no amnesty!
We have a lot of work to do, sir.
Won't get done.  Don't call that joke sir.
No he kicked ur ass to start working. You should have made a legal form of it but didnt decide it was impotant enuf to work on. No excuses.
What a case
@washingtonpost @mariasacchetti
@washingtonpost as usual you are promoting lawlessness,!   If pro is the opposite of con, what is the opposite of progress?
No Obama lied to them and acted illegally
I know personally several young kids that have excelled at college and are now a very good asset to our Country... let them dream!
Yes and we paid for that too right?
No, many of them are successful professionals that are contributing to the economy of our Country
Who paid to educate them?
And now, these poor people might be deported by no fault of their own. Their parents brought them as children. It is all they know!
Yes and they knew it was illegal, and made criminals of their children. What kind of parent does that? They never tried to be legal!
Do it! Actions speak louder than words!
Yeah go do a stupid protest.
Everything gets worse every day and that isnt hyperbole. Democrats must get any republicans who aren't racist misogynists to stand with them
Race card!  All you've got is BS.
Are you submitting the legislation today?  Get on with it. Stop the strange politics and do someting.
Kaine isn't capable of anything.  He is a joke in Congress.
Please don't tie the #DreamAct to anything else.
Tie it repealing Obamacare.
Congress does NOT have the kahunas to pass anything that would upset Chump
That's because America's are not in favor of  DACA
please don't speak for me @kevin950......you don't know if I'm in favor of DACA or not.  Mighty assuming aren't you?
You are rediculous!  Meow
You're still forgetting that Congress must #ImpeachTrump too. Trumps destruction of our Democracy is Absurd & Dangerous
You betrayed them by not passing a law to protect them.
Reality: DACA is unconstitutional & creates anchor kids instead of anchor babies. Staged by progressives to get millions into USA.
Reality:  2014-2016 over 200k illegal minors were sent to USA w/o parents to act as anchors so Dems could bring millions of family members.
Stop the damn bs. Thousands of violent crimes have been committed by so called dreamers. Enforce the law, end DACA, put USA first.
I'm just going to put this right here. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmTZSAjIo0E&sns=tw … via @youtube
You betrayed them. Your President gave them #false #security.
No betral except by Congress. Come up with a plan. #DACAIsUnconstitutional
Please tell us what we can do to help.
12K in VA. Wow nice to know I'm paying for that many here. Send them home. I have to obay laws so do they. #ByeFelicia
The betrayal is in the hands of a lazy Congress that refuses to do their job TERM LIMITS should be set to get rid of you half-wits
https://twitter.com/LeahR77/status/905301442755522561?s=09 …
Looks like it me he just flipped the Barry booger in your court.
Can American children please get the free crap you give these illegals with our tax money?  Or do Americans have no rights anymore
I see your partner Nancy #Pelosi using this for a fundraiser really greed is SICK
No #Obama & congress  betrayed them by not doing their job.
The dreamers pay taxes, to help society, also the homeless!
People kept saying that Obama circumventing Congress was stupid bc there would be real world consequences. You people didn't listen (or win)
You & Obama  & the other Dems betrayed them! You chose the disaster known as ACA or Obamacare 1st,ignored immigration when u had a majority
Tim, we have laws in this country,  and DACA is NOT one of them. Do your job! #DACA #DACAprotest #DACAmented
DACA is not law, Obama should not have done it. Do your job! You have 6 months! Don't blame Trump. It's Obama & Dems fault nothing done.
If u all would do your jobs instead of talk,talk & talk, u r responsible not our @POTUS  DO YOUR JOBS!
Did you honestly expect less?  He is a liar@timkaine
Because of you and your Dems; DJT has to try and fix this mess.
Do we follow laws in VA?
You've betrayed your constituents
six days
please resign.  You are an embarrassment to both Commonwealth and Country.
U know DACA was illegal and was gonna be tossed by Supremes. Pass a legal law. Do u want trump writing laws? Do ur jobs.
Agreed. So attach it to Hurricane Relief.
Don't agree. In a perfect world that might bring people to their senses. But today that would just tank both initiatives
Ha. Good point sir. I don't know though. Follow @AngelRafPadilla & check out his thread on this issue. He won me over...
Typical, protect illegals and not the Constitution. #EndDACA
What they don't work on Tuesdays?
POTUS betrayed ? Why not use the funds for American citizens ?!
They ARE NOT nor have they EVER been dreamers. They are illegal citizens & the fault lies with their parents for what they chose to do.
Go get to work! Give me a reason to not @votetimkaineout
@washingtonpost @SenWarren The Dream Act MUST be passed with a veto proof majority!!
So wrong. We can learn so much from DREAMers, they are responsible, productive and the future of this country. They should stay legally
Read these words: OBAMA betrayed them by promising something not deliverable, you dope.
Obablablablabla Betray them! Shame on Barack Obama! He has 4 years to make it a Law and he didn't ! Shame on him Conngres go and work on it
Tim, If we let you keep those 12k illegal aliens (sorry...ain't gonna water that down), will you let us deport your #Antifa son?
U betrayed them not him. It was a temp solution. U were suppose to create a solution but too bust vacationing.  Blame yourselves
We have 6 months, we are depending on you to make the Dream Act a permanent reality. Be courageous and make history. #DefendDACA
Congress will fail and it's off!
Tim he didn't betray anyone, Obama started by pusing this without congress approval and you know this. Bty things are startn 2 get exposed
Surely the legislators of this country are capable of crafting a reasonable pathway to citizenship. I need to see more proactive Democrats.
You betrayed them! Congress doesn't get to pass the buck! Proving once again how useless you are. Resign!
This is what happens when you rule with the pen in your pocket. Anything you did can be undone with a pen. Section 8 Article 1
DACAs can return to their mother communities, be pioneers and nation build. DACAs can say thanks to USA for the charity. DACA=illegal.
Maybe Soros can pay the Dreamers expenses rather than paying your criminal ANTI First Amendment son.  Take care of your own mess. #MAGA
Obama & CONGRESS betrayed them by leaving them in limbo. Their PARENTS betrayed them by entering our borders ILLEGALLY.
Betrayed is right word
Talk talk Tim. Maybe all of you should het off your vacationing asses and try working for a change Have you looked at the approval ratings
Obama betrayed them by changing a law he had no right to change. Giod Lord man get a grip you were damn near the vp but God gave a blessing
No betrayal, following rule of law. This is part of why we elected him.
Bye bye ILLEGALS! Timmy, why don't you house those illegals if you care so much?
How many r livin w u in N.Side?R u gonna give up yr Sen pay to take care of them/pay their ins?? Of course not.U leave that 2us! Hypocrite
DACA was not ever the law. Codify iit you dope otherwise shut up.
The Orange Menace and the Evil Elf need victims for their private prisons. Today it's dreamers. Tomorrow, US.
Tim, that is the President's plan, give him credit! He gave Congress six months to enact a law. Executive order was not the way to go.
keep it up prev. we all know whos on the LIST.  mr. hotdog
They're here illegally - betrayal of our law is what Obama started with this act that should've never been
Get a life and a real job Tim!
I personally have nothing against them. But you're taking tax dollars that should be meant for American citizens. Parents are  accountable!
betrayed no one.  why did congress and obama not fix immigration
Why don't they just follow the process and become citizens &stop looking 4 a handout???
Translation: here are 12,000 potential future voters I can sway with one extra piece of cheese a month. You are a real POS
Yep
Kids get hurt by parents actions every day, do we not follow the law because it could hurt the kids
Law breakers you hack just like your son.
Obama betrayed them. Maybe you can right the wrong. The country is watching YOU!
These are the children of criminals. Why should they get special treatment when children of citizen criminals suffer the bad choices.
Tim you start supporting them for all they're needs. Not at taxpayers money
Betrayed?  He just wants you juveniles to do something in Congress. I know that's a lot to ask.
This whole thing makes me sick to my stomach. Fight the good fight my friend. Fight this injustice.
Injustice?  No Trump is righting a wrong. DACA is illegal and most be corrected.
It disappears with America
Get it done! Start Now to hammer out a bill!
You had your chance when you controlled the House, Senate, and presidency. #DACA unconstitutional, you want it work at it.
Don't care
Rewrite it for the kids only. The adults who broke our laws have to go
I am getting sick of you and your constant bashing. How did we ever get stuck with you in Virginia. Offer solutions or get out!
Make it a law. Make it happen.
Let them apply for citizenship
Obama himself said in 2012 that DACA was supposed to be TEMPORARY. Isn't five years temporary enough for you?
I think if Congress is not able to come together and send a DACA bill to Trump, we should vote all of them out of office.  All!
How about worrying about your kids first?
Slim Paine - you should also grasp for a little integrity you spineless wonder, you and your president created this!! Take responsibility!!
Who can I call, and what should I say? Because I'll do it.  #virginiavoter
Coming from a jackass from Virginia that has BYRD MEMORIALS all over Virginia, the Birth place of Slavery Democrats Support Oppression.
http://silenceisconsent.net/mother-cop-murdered-dreamer-something-say-read-letter/ …
I'm just one of the millions of actual American citizens , you and your democrat  Ilk betray everyday.  #MAGA
He is a bad man, devoid of a soul. Wretched and hateful.
Congress will huff & puff, but in the end - no agreement. These people will take the education they received and go back home to live.
Get a clue Tim  --->
#Daca is unconstitutional and it's an insult to all immigrants who entered legally & went though due process. Dreamers can do the same.  
As opposed to Obama, Reid, and Pelosi did such a good job at making a legal solution through the legislative process... Do YOUR FRIGGIN JOB!
Trump decided it was more important to help our own children than those here illegally.
Trump simply did his oath to uphold the Constitution, and turned the issue over to Congress, where it should have been decided in the 1st
LOL!He's violating emolluments clause daily,conflicts of interest&costing us millions in secret service so he can make appearances at golf!
These are a few of the #Dreamers saying hi to you. Ignoring reality is the hallmark of your anti-American party. Think about that
Why do you NOT care to represent VIRGINIANS?
YOU BETRAYED MILLIONS AND MILLIONS BY NOT REPEALING ACA...ADMIT THAT YOU HATE AMERICANS ONCE AND FOR ALL YOU TRAITOR
I trust that you and the moral majority will pass this protection quickly. trump is just trying to distract with more chaos/ Bargaining chip
If the Dems had held together in 2010 in the senate, we wouldn't be here.
Stolen by gerrymandering gopers!
Just like they stole the scotus seat! criminal dirty politics!
That blame game wont work. Congress could have done something the past 5 years but chose not to. On you and rest of Congress
Sanders would have easily won. Sanders 2020
Sanders will be like 90 in 2020, right?? Lol
What are you going to do about it??????? Impeach!
Broken record.
Worst
Send in your son and his Antifa crew... they will straighten this out
Virginia must also do what she can to protect them too!  Congress hasn't done shit for 8+ yrs other than run roadblocks against Pres. Obama!
Right on! Gop likes to ignore the fact they were the "do nothing congress"!
Yet you had Congress, the Senate, and White House for 2 years you didn't seem concerned then to pass immigration reform
Kate Steinle, Jamiel Shaw Jr, Dom Durden, Brandon Mendoza... these are the names you should know Tim. Citizens killed by criminal illegals.
Tim doesn't care. As long as he a the left can control the low information voters also on the left, he and his group maintain power.
Please tell the President we are screaming we are tired of winning if this is winning to stop we can't take anymore winning
Absolutely must protect these Americans.
Well if that is your opinion, you should move there.
I hear North Korea is nice this time of year and she'd look great with one of those haircuts.
Deport trump
Stay out of our politics.  What do you care about a useless Senator from Virginia.
If ppl are hell bent on getting rid of "illegals" why don't we all self deport and turn this country back to Native Americans?!!
Or, maybe, if  those on the left were actually able to understand the rule of law, and how our government works...
Great move by Trump! Change the law Champ if you want to. Illegal means illegal.
And yet when you had a veto-proof majority in Congress, you didn't bother with immigration....
No, because the then president KNEW DACA was unconstitutional, and would promptly be overturned.
You betray CITIZENS daily!!
Timmy support the law not illegals. Can't wait to vote you out .
Betrayed??  Even Obama said it wouldn't last & was illegal for him to do through executive order. He didn't betray anybody.
The Veterans already know old Minnesota Tim and his crew. The left NEEDS all the support they can get.
Old Man Mitchell thinks your chauffeur might be a dreamer but maybe not
Do your job and work on an Immigration Law that works for all Americans. #DACA
The President of Mexico has announced he will welcome DACA recipients with open arms. @SpeakerRyan  We do not need a vote! Decline!
Pass it fast while the pressure is on the only way to make people accountable for votes when it's front and center in news
Yea and they are stealing the spots from immigrants waiting to enter legally! Stop illegal behavior starting with daca ending with your son!
Can the states each pass their own legis. To provide amnesty???
AZ tried that with #SB1070 but it was deemed a federal issue
Why do you put illegal foreign children over American children? Do you think my child born to American parents doesn't have dreams?
Take them into your house then. Better then your own ANTIFA son.
#thankyoutrump#makingamericagreatagain!
Are you guys really that against doing actual work to try and replace this thing?  You have six months, get cracking!
DACA was unconstitutional to begin with, you should read that thing one day
Any law passed needs to grandfather them in. #FairCompromise
We don't want the Dreamers
Why did their parents illegally bring them to the USA?
No
