I said publicly over and over to the Rich Family they are in my thoughts and prayers. I m trying to find the truth as the Mom Dad bro asked https://twitter.com/seanhannity/status/867126424691515394 …
Fox is a propaganda machine
And what's MSNBC, NPR, and CNN?
NOT, fake news
Biased propaganda outlets every bit as much as FOX.
Not quite
@FoxNews didn't "retract" anything. Stop saying that.

The subtext of that statement is 'we haven't been able to prove the story yet but we still believe it'.
Right. AKA "fake news".
Fire Fake News People!
It's got more legs than the Russian collusion theory you push
Sean Hannity=Evil Loser
As he should.
How about a kick-start campaign to get $ for the Rich family to sue Hannity into the poor house?
@seanhannity is a disgusting, pathetic excuse for a human being. FOX should can him but never will, not this soon after the Bill O' debacle
@nprpolitics @seanhannity FOXS as terrorist the Rich family very unfair
He's a literal & figurative troll
It been so good for business in the past he just can't give up the addiction. #TrollingGraves4Ratings #FoxNoise
Hannity is fake pure and simple. Wait he's not pure but he is simple
Fox is fake news!!
It's weird, no one ever retracts the groundless Russia conspiracy theory.
Because it's not groundless. There is actually an FBI investigation and a special council. Just like they've been reporting
And zero evidence.
I guess you don't understand what investigations are for But there's evidence remember when Trump asked Russia to hack Hilary? That happened
That's not evidence, except of Trump being a dullard. The evidence: #wikileaks proved DNC was a leak and da Russians a Hillary plot device.
Yes it is evidence he said it on national tv. And no, it's been confirmed that Russia interfered with the election it's not a talking piece
The very definition of mealy-mouthed.

What a waste of good breathing air this man is.
And we all know that when the heat gets too much to bear he will duck behind "not news, entertainment". #HesGotPreviousForm
In other words, the grief and suffering of others is irrelevant. Nothing new for these despicable spawns...
@FoxNews is being run by a couple of #Libtard Murdocks who don't know what their doing! Lmao
DNC employee Seth rich gunned down 2 weeks b4 Wikileaks dropped. No progress in murder investigation in white suburbs. Where's his laptop?
The real conspiracy theory is Russia & the MSM. A Corrupted DNC elevates trump, now MSM and intel community work to get trump impeached.
Maybe because it isn't groundless.
If advertisers push #Hannity out of @FoxNews, #SethRich will be smiling down from heaven...he'd help in the downfall of a horrible network.
What do you expect from the original "Fake Newsman"?
Hannity is such a liar from what I read the family want nothing to do with this idiot
Hannity should look for another career. Will never watch him or Fox News again...
Fox outbursts are part of its job as a propaganda vehicle for far right anti-American govt extremists who along with ISIS are threats to USA

Also consider this, @casper et al.https://twitter.com/actindivisible/status/867358597013020672 …
Fair and balanced.
Why can't D.C. Police answer simple questions?  Why wasn't the camera footage from the 20 some cameras confiscated?
How are you not able to rob somebody AFTER you put 2 bullets in his back?
@foxheadlines @FoxNews @seanhannity Just thought you might want to see this again.
HANNITY SHOULD LOSE HIS JOB! PROPOGANDA ARM OF TRUMP ADMINISTRATION.
Laughing at Conservative Conspiracy Theorists: "Biased coverup by media" & also Liberals "Biased reporting giving credence to Hannity!"
oh stfu
Not if the family asks you not to. This is about you and ratings.
Hannity is a doofus!
This just in: The media has issued a retraction on groundless Trump Russia investigation until 1 fact is found.
I don't know how anyone can believe a word this guy has to say,..."never underestimate the stupidity of the general public"
@seanhannity But what if... An anon source sent a letter to the GOP stating that Hillary & the DNC Assasinated Seth? No media craze?
@seanhannity can't do otherwise He's the fulcrum of teabagging conspiracy thugs Without him, hate-filled assholes would have no guidance
#FireHannity
He didn't get the memo
Now when will you retract your groundless Russian Collusion story?
#couldntbemorestupid Congressional Hearing?
I'll just leave this here:

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Mockingbird?wprov=sfla1 …
#shithead @seanhannity
There's more evidence, in the way of the body of murdered Seth Rich, of a DNC Silencing Murder than there is of any Trump Russia collusion!
Unfortunately stupid people believe whatever conspiracy theory Fox tells them.
Why would @Wikileaks, @KimDotcom, waste time trying to set record straight with #SethRich if there's no connection? I'll bet more to come.
He's also a Trump sycophant soooo
No one will ever find out who killed DNC Staffer Seth Rich because it was a inside job. Police not allowed to finger...the POWERS THAT BE.
Guess you guys should march on Washington then huh?
The Tooth Fairy murdered Roger Ailes
@seanhannity and his viewers don't care about seth rich or his family, they only care about exploiting his death for their conspiracy fetish
Yeah, kind of like blaming deaths of four people on a videotape
No, he's using conspiracies for political gain and trying to keep the base focused on something than Trump's disaster admin.
Senator Leahy is named multiple times in the Podesta emails. 

Literally Leahy sold out Vermont out from under Bernie. 

So callous.
here is a link:
@seanhannity Best watch what you wish for, you may find @realDonaldTrump had him bumped off at the request of @PutinRF_Eng !
FACTS:  Seth Rich WAS KILLED, &his killing is still not solved. 
You can't call it a "robbery" if he wasn't robbed of anything. Just killed.
Groundless? That's a bit of a stretch. 
There's more evidence pointing to #SethRich as the WikiLeaker than there is that points at RUS.
Why don't you stop it as they asked?
They never started
If @FLOTUS was the target of the conspiracy theory, she would have filed defamation lawsuit long ago. #JustSaying
Sean Hannity isn't a journalist. By his own admission, he's a tv show host. This is all about ratings for him and that's a shame.
Hannity's desperation is palpable and uncomfortable. Just go away.

don't they know, we can hide anything, and great biased reporting like yours helps control the narrative. thanks NPR!
Don't they know, it's the end of the world............... Sorry i couldn't help it
