No equivalence? Flynn put his life in line for the USA, Yates put her mouth online!!
When are you going to become American????
Trumpeters hate women, especially intelligent and credible women.  Well done Sally Yates!
Misogyny
Sally Yates lied under oath. She should be indicted and prosecuted for lying to Congress.
It continues to show how this administration and congress are afraid of women in this country
That's is total b.s. and you know it!
The white good ole boys always hang together, hang being the operative word on several levels. ;-)
You might want to recount how many whites and how many other races are there. I'd be interested to know that.
Spicer is a lying little worm of a man!
She will eventually prove to be one of the many heroes
Sally Yates mistakenly thought she was a Supreme Court Justice! Big mistake! Big big mistake!
Spicer, Flynn, Conway- they r all a miserable excuse for ppl. Can't trust any of them.
I think that is called shooting the messenger.
Sally Yates spoke the truth,can't handle it,nor it coming from a woman,how dare she.
Spicer is a hack puppet.. ask him how he feels about himself, his answer is go ask my master Trumpelstiltskin!!
Where's that info from?
Because he's an ignorant monkey who doesn't know better!
He just  makes trump feel better because he has tiny hands too!
Why is Spicer still employed as the most incompetent, misleading, disingenuous minister of propaganda????
Well she's not a good man, so what's your point?:)
Watching Yates testify, it was very clear that she is smarter, much more articulate, and altogether more professional than SS or POTUS.
Can we elect her?
She is too smart and too good-looking for the US electorate.
Even though Flynn deliberately deceived everyone? Sounds like the same old good ole boys Club to me.
Yates wasn't fit to hold that office. She was asking to get fired
No one respects or believes any of his bs.  Totally incompetent piece of corrupt . White house speaking bs boycotted since Feb.=wonderful!
Yates= loser
That's because he's just a puppet!
We are going straight to hell. What craziness is happening in America right now? I am heart sick.
Spicer is an idiot who doesn't even have his own ideas, let alone stumbling through someone else's words.
Because the WH employs Scientology's "fair game" doctrine on all critics or whistleblowers
Do you know anything about scientology? I do. It's a cult. So where did you get your info from?
She's a smart, capable, unflappable woman. Of course Team Trump wants to do everything in its power to undermine and smear her.
Oh and Trump isn't being smeared?? Think.
In what way is he being smeared? He was warned about Flynn being compromised multiple times and still hired him. Facts aren't smears.
There's a major sewage backup in the swamp.....
Excellent point.
FLYNN's LYING CROOK........EVEN YOU FIRED HIM ....eventually.................
This administration is desperate!
Yates is an obama minion
That's True!
#Democray is destroyed.when your leaders.n their mouthpieces lie to the press n 2 your face. If our govt can be trusted then chaos
@PressSec you. are. a. joke. A pathetic joke- good luck trying to have a career after this mess.
Let's see which of the two winds up under indictment?
Hillary should have been indicted a LONG time ago. It's amazing how hypocritical Libs are. They spread so many rumors and people believe it
Thank you Sally Yates for your profound professionalism and representing me.
It's because she's a female. Ladies it doesn't mater what ethnic group we are or whether dems or repubs, there are more of us than them!!!!!
Yeah, why not smear a good woman.
In a non-partisan sort of way.
#ItsAMan'sThing
Misogynistic Congress and President. Now Spicer. Asshat.
#VoteThemOut
Yates ignored Killary's classified emails being a target, Lynch meeting w/Clinton, serial liar Susan Rice.just another part of corrupt O
GOT TO STOP drinking the drumpf koolaid & watch something besides Fox / FAKE NEWS -serious things happening that DEMAND you TRY & use brain
Well of course ! Spicer doesn't want to smear any good men, or any men at all.. can't ya see his gayness right through him..lol

They are pissed off because they couldn't rattle this lady. She is way above this administration's education level.
Spicer only likes crooks.
She is just a woman after all. 
@PressSec The hypocrisy is quite stunning, but Sean's incapable of having an independent thought so...he's 45's puppet. Period.
She's everything he hates, female, smart and black. Sorry that'd be Maxine Waters. Well he hates two out of three things about her
@seanspicer #yesman #rude #disrespectful #argumentative #degrading #condescending only cares 4 #Trumpfacts #inoverhishead THAT'S ON GOOD DAY
@PressSec makes a habit of being a douchebag on daily basis...so I stands to reason it'd be bros before ho's
Shameful @PressSec 
No job is worth your soul.
Spicer you are a joke
This is Ridiculous! Sally Yates was Professional & Outstanding yesterday. Another Pathetic Trump Situation!
At what point does #SeanSpicer cross over into territory where #SallyYates has a libel case against him? I hear she's a pretty good lawyer.
Does anyone else feel like you need a shower after being on the same planet with these guys. There's a difference between a con man & slime
This pack of assholes have run out of Trump24 content after signing their press release EOs. All they have left is demonizing Yates & HRC.
Traitors really loom large in their imaginations.
Sally Yates is smart and knows her stuff. Thank you Sally Yates.
She's nothing but a troll and an Obama/Hillary snowflake. She's a criminal.
If there was every any doubt, now it's clear, these guys are the worst, the entire world knows who is lying. It's the pathological liar.
As he should... she needs to go
This administration has no integrity amoung other deficits.
Because it's ok to attack a woman but never a man.
He's a incompetent moron! American version of Baghdad Bob just keeps rambling on since day 1. His character & integrity equal 2 Yates? No!
@pbump They CAN'T HANDLE the "truth"!
Glad Yates has been fired she doesn't know who leak what in her own department
Key word being "man." Pathetic...
What a dweeb...
Yates unlawfully unmasked and leaked names. She is a criminal and should be prosecuted. You are anti-trump and it shows in every report.
Understandable. "Good man" Flynn has the goods on Trump & his ilk. Sure don't want him singing like a bird. #TrumpRussia War on US Democracy
Yates is an Anti-American BITCH who defied the POTUS!  Not much left to smear about her!  ANALYSIS!
if Yates believed Flynn posed a danger she was derelict in her duty as DAG/AAG when she failed to pull security clearance
If it's an integrity and credibility contest Yates wins it with ease.
That's right. If she was really concerned she should have resigned. But she was on   Power trip. This is a religious war.
Traitor vs Patriot Trump admin picks Traitor. Birds of a feather....#impeachtrump
Spicer might be worse than Trump!
@PressSec @MSNBC @CNN @ABC @CBSNews When is press going to call Spicer out for the liar he is. One time I want to heard "No that's a Lie"
This is all so bizarre. This is not the country I grew up in. Or maybe I missed it all.???
With Ms. Yates' bipartisanship she would make a great Supreme court justice...Spicer can sell used cars when he's out of a job
Very scary that Trump and the White House protects security risks and men guilty of sexual harrassment. A Sad administration
This administration doesn't like highly intelligent, fair minded people.
"Fair minded women." I fixed it for you.
Whose good or bad in their eyes is based on who can do what for them
Which Obama official committed a felony by leaking to WaPo unmasked wiretap intel?
18 days to fire Flynn.  One day to fire Yates.
isn't that disgusting!?
Dont worry about Sally. Too many people are supporting her loyalty. Pence & Swamp Thing & Spicer don't have a chance.
maybe some realize the scenario that some took advantage of by innuendo and embellishment to make Flynn into faked myth
This is not a mystery so quit trying to figure it out - its wrong just plain wrong; and they know it so its all on them now
Sickening.
just like the post does
Could we have some evidence as to why Flynn is a "good man"?
Good call Irene!
Bros before.... 
#Smh
Why is everything Trump and his cronies say or do so mind shatteringly cringeworthy
Spicer has ZERO credibility - so SAD!!!!
Spicer's' just a puppet, go to your room Donald!

This isn't shocking. They can't believe that a woman - a WOMAN - got the best of them. And with the facts no less.
She should be charged and lose her law license. Outrageous that she thought she had the right to speculate about what someone; may do.
Well duh. Politics.. where u been last 16+ years???
A HONEST WOMAN CAN BE TALKED DOWN TO BUT A CORRUPT SECRETARY OF STATE OF A REPUTATION TO PROTECT
TRUMP WAY OF DOING BUSINESS
He's right
What did Flynn do?
List is long. Mostly based on lying. Failure to report contacts with foreigners, receiving monies, not reporting ctcs and money, lied to VP
So it surprises you?
These people are beyond belief. A woman defending the Constitution is suspect in their eyes, but a foreign agent who was compromised is ok.
Exactly!  POTUS' game plan is, "it's just so crazy it might work".
#sexistpigs
But your news agency keep smearing Spicer and his boss, very happily.
Spicer meant that Trump doesn’t want to “smear” any “good“ white men.
As does the President!
a hack job of choppy quotes. fake news.
