.@SteveKingIA What exactly do you mean? Do I qualify as "somebody else's baby?" #concernedGOPcolleague
But the country has changed. Illegal immigrants are the problem. Can any of us do anything  illegal without consequences?
why do you think illegal immigrants are the problem exactly?  Did one of them take your job? Or threaten you in anyway? Pl. explain.
I have no problem with immigrants at all, just those who came and stayed illegally.
What if they are trying to stay legally and going through all the proper procedures and still get deported. Bec. that's what's happening?
criminal illegals are the ones going 1st..Believe that.
Anyone who commits a violent crime should be jailed. Period. We don't disagree. But undocumented people are not your enemy. Check your heart
why are they undocumented then?
Often bec the process here takes years & TONS of $. Talk to a few people who went through the process. Educate yourself a little b4 judging
but it does reflect what the GOP has been saying implicitly for decades, now louder than in a very long time
Because it was never allowed to be discussed without the left going full hate. We now need to be loud. We Disagree!!!
have you done your 23andme?
Yes. 99.8 % Western European, and 2.6% Neanderthal. Why?
just curious.
Mostly English,a little Irish, and some Scandinavian/German. Father's side came to US 1620s/Mom's side in late 1660s. VA area.
when the Irish first came to America en masse, they were persecuted, not considered "white"
same with many early German settlers
Really, Jeb? Can't come out with anything stronger than this? Aravosis, doesn't merit a RT.
I think it's pretty good and helpful actually
I appreciate that, but respectfully disagree.
Thank u4 weighing in Caroline-but why do u disagree with @JebBush & John Aravosis, here? Jeb's comment *is* helpful.
Because @JebBush opposes this prejudice. That's how. IMHO...
PS: If u r "pissing off lefties" as u say in profile, I'm on your side: I'm VERY right-wing.
But there is only one kind of people. People and ...?  Just one. #humanRights over deportation. Keep families together!
deport them together. Sick of fkn libs like u who want to give away the store to ppl who don't belong here!
wow! You would honestly prefer to deport US citizens?? Can you hear yourself? #constitution
name calling is unnecessary. It's not bleeding heart to treat CITIZENS with rights. Or should we deport you, too?
sorry Hillary lost, libbie, get used to the fact that Trump is your president, too 
you're probably not sorry, illegitimate so-called presidents don't last long, and that was a laughable #adHominem.
his statement clearly reflects the values of the new GOP. Real conservatives need to start over with a new party.
@ChrisCuomo  Where's Ryan?... hiding in the corner somewhere just as he has been when anything unethical  is raised?
~ Do you now understand why you are not #potus? Respect our #immigration laws
@atwater_x @JebBush He's just another Globalist Elitist w/No Honor. At Least his daddy and brother Served. No Dynasties.
agreed, Jed. As a republican, I'm embarrassed by what he said.
Serious question, what are you doing about it? Trump & co are pushing white nationalism w/no push back from GOP.
Call for his resignation then, please.
@jaketapper America was a nation of European immigrants up until 1965. Hart/Celler Act is destroying our nation and culture.
Jeb, I voted for you every time your name has been on a ballot I live in Jax but you need to read American history again.
.@JebBush
idea: the stereotype of Mexican anchor babies is not accurate. What he said: awkward word vomit.
.@JebBush No kidding, but it reflects the current Administration.
Thank you for speaking up!  I wish more republicans had your courage!! #SteveKing #LoveTrumpsHate
you done fcked up.
I support Rep Smith over U cuckhold.Smith gets it and you cry from your ivory towers.I'm waiting for you 2 take in Somali refugees
It reflects the slavery, confederate, and Jim Crow parts of our shared history pretty well, tbh.
lol...those are dem values
lol you corny old man reading Jeb's old tweets.
@ChrisCuomo Quit virtue signaling Jeb. You purposefully are missing his point.
Every day, I thank God that you did not become President or even the nominee.
Please encourage your Republican colleagues to root out these racists from your party.
Too bad the President of the United States didn't say this.
@JebBush
America is a nation of immigrants. The sentiment expressed by Steve King doesn't reflect our shared history or values. https://twitter.com/carloslcurbelo/status/841085746387812353 …
We are a nation of supposed legal immigrants there needs to be a revamped & fair "legal" path for immigrants-its our country!
I don't believe you're racist so plz speak out on this issue more often and forcefully. Our future demands it,step up and be heard
Glad 2C my friend Jeb still contributing in positive way2 discussion-King wrong2 oppose diversity-but instead see MY solution: pic
Oh dear, Jeb honey. You're with the wrong party. Depressed much?
 #resist
@KattyKayBBC His father has Irish and German ancestry, his mother has Welsh roots. Avoided the draft with 2S deferments in 1967-69

Jeb's wife's son tours Nueva York in this colourized photo from 2090. His comment: "I guess we didn't explain the constitution well enough" 
@DanielBShapiro sorry mate but the sentiment expressed by Steve King does reflect your party and your POTUS.
@jaketapper Sorry Repubs, you where were you disavowing the bigoted orange clown prior to the election? Too late now - U own him!
we are a country of legal citizens.
actually he does. Blk America has been telling y'all for decades. Now the racists are  telling you themselves. Nice sentiment tho.
why don't you spend time shining light on how corrupt Mexico is.. causing these very poor made poor by corruption .. to FLEE???????
Get used to the Trump America  @JebBush 

Your family COULD have spoken up, it didn't. 
Your family ALLOWED it 
PARTY b4 COUNTRY

@cmpnwtr
The time to STAND UP FOR AMERICAN VALUES was when TRUMP was villifying, slandering HILLARY. You & your family allowed it

@JebBush @cmpnwtr
LOL this is why you lost
@carloslcurbelo @SteveKingIA Jeb said they come in as an act of love! BOO!
Evidence please? All I see is EXACTLY what @SteveKingIA finally said out loud. #resist
omgosh I agree with a republican. Way to go Jeb! Your a gentleman!
We are a nation of CITIZENS.
Your kind leaves the #USborder open to human traffickers, drug traffickers, slavery, child sex traffickers- ALL WHO COME AND GO AT WILL.
And it's open to leprosy, drug resistant TB, Bubonic plague, and Ebola.
Jeb! Please clap.
our nation is full of legal immigrants you have the 2 confused
@SteveKingIA was NOT talking RACE, he was talking CULTURES - Cultures dont' share our values. Cultures clash. The Utopia U Crave...
@carloslcurbelo @SteveKingIA  You support "no go"  zones?  Races is people telling you not to appropriate a cultural look.
Sadly, SteveKing *does* reflect the majority of Current @GOP "values". GOP now stands 4 racism,bigotry,hate,division & inequality
he just says what all republicans think
WRONG Jeb! AMERICA IS country of large landowners controlling industry, selling out country and culture for higher turnover!
This is what LEADERSHIP looks like. Thank you for this simple, statement of fundamental truth in the face of hate.
Really? America used to be centered around Western Values, not third world ones!
America is a nation of colonizers and the sentiment is right on American get real! #maga #trump2020
I have read your time line and respect for you! The best of all the Bush dynasty so far!
King is a BIG Crazy Racists , stay steady.
America highly restricted immigration until 1965, the "nation of immigrants" lie has to stop.
Ok but Trump unleashed this kind of stuff. Your words are nice but mean nothing if u don't push for party backlash
Now I'm agreeing with Jeb Bush. Tells you how screwed up things really are - and what I wouldn't give to have you as Prez
. @JebBush What race of people exactly started America? 
Native Americans.
. @Millard_Chochki @JebBush So if it's raining, and 5 different races hide under MY umbrella, will I maintain control or LOSE my umbrella? 
It really takes a supreme arrogance to think your race is superior to another.
#SoreLoser!!!  I'm not an immigrant!  We are not a nation of immigrants!  Stop the #fakehistory !!!!!
You don't look like an American Indian & unless you're 100% Native American, you ARE an immigrant. Deal with it.
BS TROLL! This was not America when they were here. They were a divided conquered people that fell. So no, I'm not an immigrant.
please crawl back under your rock then. I was born here but I AM an immigrant as many families are.  And proud of it.
Oh, great argument!  Bravo! Call yourself what you want, but I'm an AMERICAN, not an "immigrant".
I'm an American too, but we all originally came from somewhere else. Being an immigrant & an American aren't mutually exclusive
I didn't.  So you can speak and look at yourself anyway you want to, but don't include the USA in your "WE".  Thanks,
@SenatorLeahy does it reflect the values of @Travel_Iowa
Iowans are diverse, progressive & tolerant. All people are welcome to experience Iowa.
@SteveKingIA I wouldn't feel welcome with a congressman who spews such vitriol. Iowans have the power
Shamefully, 10k+ like his racist tweet. Guess we know who to keep Twitter tabs on.
And your feeling is diversity ruined America?
Well, let's back it up, then. America is a superpower because of profitability in the 1700 and 1800s. Because of slavery.
it wasn't a superpower then. We only started to become a world player when we industrialized.
Industrialization was key, obviously, but slave labor was the basis for extraordinary Southern wealth.
Don't you mean a nation of legal immigrants.
Buuuuuuut we're going to let him get away with it and still keep his job making policy.  This is your party, Jeb. Own it & fix it
@jaketapper Steve King has shown himself to be a racist over and over again it's about time members of GOP began to condemn him.
Oh my god. Now I'm agreeing with stuff Jeb Bush says. What kind of dystopian nightmare is this?
thank you, Mr. Bush, sincerely.
We disagree on many policies BUT it was always clear that Immigration was a positive policy for you. Thank you for speaking out.
Nice words but GOP Senate/House leaders and rank & file are on Trump train. He's made it cool to be racist & misogynistic again.
What happened to your party, Jeborah?
I thought Steve King meant there was a shortage of white babies due to abortion. Did anyone else hear this?
I'll clap for that.     
@justin_kanew it's not an insult.Except for NativeAm we all fit the somebody else's baby label I'm proud to be a 2nd gen immigrant
@ChrisCuomo My values call for me to honor my word and pledges I have signed. I guess that's where you and I are different. #MAGA
Since when do you speak for America?
@BenBrodyDC he's been in office since 2003 saying these vile things w/o censure. He sure does reflect republican belief
Jeb Bush in 2015: 'Anchor Babies' Are 'Frankly, More Asian People'. Remember that quote Jeb? Of course you do. I remember it well.
@carloslcurbelo @SteveKingIA That's why everytime a #GOP pol recites his # of offspring, the crowd goes wild. THEY know WE know why
@kkhooray - actually it is expressing the values of a big portion of GOP values which is disgraceful.
America SHOULD BE and was INTENDED TO BE a nation of AMERICAN'S. Immigrants come here to be AMERICAN'S or else they leave. PERIOD!
@AssemblyGOP @AssemblyGOP When's the party going to #DEPORT legislators like @SteveKingIA out? His ilk is reason Dems claim racism.
.@JebBush @LouiseMensch Thanks for saying what a lot in the GOP refuse to say.
Jeb, please explain why we insist on Asian-American, African-American, Latino-American and so on instead of Americans?
@jaketapper it's nice to hear a compassionate republican. In other circles that's an oxymoron. @realDonaldTrump needs dictionary
@jaketapper @carloslcurbelo @SteveKingIA Everyone READ THIS CAREFULLY! It's not about IMMIGRANTS! It's about ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS!!
Governor, for once I agree with you.
This is why you lost - you don't get it
thank you for speaking out.
@blackrepublican yes...LEGAL immigrants, NOT illegal,there is a difference. I stand with you @SteveKingIA, keep up the good fight!
you're not enough of a killer to be in politics. Your brother and pops. Masters. Take lessons from Bill and Hillary.
Yes, it does.  Read what he  said. He is right.  You are wrong. Study society, not liberalism.
@JoeConchaTV And that's why you lost bigly.
@ChrisCuomo Airing UR complete IGNORANCE on what is a "Race" vs what is "Ethnicity"  Muslim is not RACE
Mr Bush's ancestors were German as were my own.
@dolphsteelbear that is pretty much how your president and his cabinet feels; are you going to step up against them?
These are the values you lost to, dude.
@LouiseMensch Something a bit stronger would have been nice but we'll take it.
The email, sent in July  of this year, describes how funds were being diverted from Clinton’s  campaign
to the Super PACS of Jeb Bush, Carly Fiorina, and John Kasich.
@carloslcurbelo @SteveKingIA 

Thank you Jeb. 

Maybe America should make YOU president next time. Your residents should be proud.
Thank you!  Stay strong on this, please.
Thank you Mr. Bush.  Our leader is an embarrassment and he has invited a bunch of racist dinosaurs out of the shadows.
@jaketapper this is what happens when White Supremacists are appointed in the White House. Their ideas  become "acceptable"
this is the reason you were not nominated!
@JoeConchaTV we invited immigrants from Europe 100 yes ago we don't want illegals anymore or refugees that hate us. We are American
Yes Jeb we are a nation of LEGAL immigrants but it seems no one knows what the word ILLEGAL MEANS!
@matthewjdowd Once but never again GOP- when bigotry replaces cons values there r consequences. New cons party for all Americans!
It absolutely reflects the Republican Party's supporters and the current Administrations views and values.
absolutely right.  It just reflects the Republican Party.
45 yrs ago a generation of men wanted convenience, they recognize whothe lion's share of abortions & they still exempt themselves
And nation made more powerful by displacing other Indigenous nations...
Good for you. Thank you for being a Republican with the courage to stand up to this madness.
and this is why we did not elect you. cc @Steve_Sailer
No
Immigrants were vetted for safety and diseases.
They were social Welfare
They wanted to be Americans
Go away ¡Jeb! You are no longer relevant.
you mean, "doesn't reflect my" ... cause your history or values doesn't mean it's mine or Mr King's or the guy down the street.
the Republican party has come to the likes of @SteveKingIA bc of @realDonaldTrump leading the racist and giving them voice.
Long before Trump.
Finally someone calling out this racist pig
@jaketapper Who the fook are u again???
that's LEGAL immigrants. Big difference...
What actions are YOU going to take to end this vitrolic garbage? America is giving up on @GOP because tweeting isn't enough.
Wrong, cuckboi.
Thank you.  Push back harder though. However, the fact that he can say this, openly, speaks volumes about the GOP base.
We need a political party that rejects his hate and believes in individual freedom and rights!
Wow. Can't believe this cuck lost so big league. Can't understand why at all.
King clarified what he meant, and his clarified position wasn't unreasonable.
Then. fight. this. craziness.
settlers =/= immigrants
@chriscuomo Bush if you have not noticed in the last 2years NOBODY CARES what you think,say, or do. You are a political nobody
@carloslcurbelo Odd how the only people who say this crap are GOP. Maybe become a centrist Dem instead of a centrist GOP?
only GOP? No naive 1 muslims are Democrats & want non believers killed so educate yourself
@Kegan05 Go away Bush Beans!
But he's still welcome as a member of GOP, right?
LOW ENERGY...........SORRY MOM.
You mean you don't associate w/racist pigs? More and more R's are showing their true colors recently. What does that say?
You know when people are lying to you is when they say not our values.  What a crock!
Bless You & Your family. 
@JebBush sadly about 10,000 people click his heart button on @SteveKingIA post. Secret social networking rings?
@skeller85 so what's your party going to do about it? Probs nothing but it would be nice if you all acted on it.
Jeb Bush is a globalist toady and more importantly, a LOSER. America doesn't want him near power.
@JebBush @EliotACohen
Doesn't your bio say that insults are muted?
"Shared values" would care about the economic and other causes of the unnaturally low fertility rates of the existing population
@jaketapper Way to really take a stand, Jeb. Please clap.
@LouiseMensch Thank you for addressing this head on.
and you want it to be a nation of Mexicans
agreed it doesn't reflect American values, but it absolutely reflects GOP values.
Who woke up low energy Jeb???
legal immigrants, that key word is always left out, go figure
wud about da baby' momma!?!?!?
Well I'm sure @carloslcurbelo knows what he meant. He votes and caucus with him on a daily basis. King's racist screed public...
.@JebBush I have agreed more with the Bush family in the last two months than I did in the last 20 years. Thanks for this! #meltingpot
But these are the values that put a pathological liar in the White House. ??
No, we are a nation of CITIZENS. A nation of immigrants who have become citizens. Citizens who are expected to follow our laws.
@jaketapper Thanks, Governor... but you DO understand... he's one of yours!
The West has decided, collectively it seems, to embrace right wing values and be open about it. I'm both appalled and terrified.
#lowenergy
You're not relevant anymore Jeb. You represent the Party that was rejected in this election. Go home, we'll take it from here.
For Crying out loud SAY IT!!!!
@jaketapper Thank you.
@martinvars @carloslcurbelo @SteveKingIA equally the mistreated original inhabitants, in case we forgot atrocities already.
considering Jeff Sessions is AG, it looks like it is
Never thought I'd like a Jeb Bush Tweet.. but here we are..
You and me both, sister!
Sadly, it represents a growing segment of your Republican Party.
.@JebBush A "nation of immigrants" must want mass/illegal immigration? Also, wasn't @SteveKingIA referring 2 babies of illegals/Islamists?
please clap @JebBush
America is a nation of immigrants. The sentiment expressed by Steve King doesn't reflect our shared history or values. https://twitter.com/carloslcurbelo/status/841085746387812353 …
Immigrants yes, terrorist no, must be vetted. These are not your immigrants from the 1800 or early 1900 .
we are also a nation of laws.  Agree?
Thank you so much for saying this! It can't be said often enough!
so let's just let them invade us.  1.6 billion muslims world wide, please just don't migrate all at once.
LEGAL immigrants!!!
kys Jeb!
Talk is cheap. Use your considerable influence to get King censured!! Otherwise you are complicit!
will the GOP call for King to step down?
.
Once again Jeb is totally lost.  We R immigrants who assimilated.
.
Jeb embraces those who balkanize our country.
.
@realDonaldTrump  DJT. This is the chaotic wrath you created w your racist staff & cabinet  America IS already GREAT !!!
then get down off your high horse and do something to make that true. Cause this is Trump too. Talk is cheap, Governor.
YOU and the Clintons STOLE BILLIONS from the Haitians, WTF would you know about 'values'? GTFO
For once I agree with Jeb
Just like a Bush, no fight in them to take on the Dems. But hey will stab another Republican in the back in the blink of an eye
THANK YOU. Please keep speaking out. We need to hear more Rs repudiating King's racist nonsense. Well bowled, sir.
@jaketapper But Mr. Bush, it does reflect your party. You are one of the few to denounce. Silence, including frm DJT is deafening.
@jaketapper  no it shouldn't reflect America.  But it does reflect much of the GOP & many Americans.Time to put country over party
