Can you please leave the past where it is? We are talking about NOW- 99% of the past you list is half wrong anyhow.
Sure- you stay in the past- I'll be on the present watching your guy hang himself!
Yet, she won the popular vote...hmmmm
Again, talking about Hillary- she is NOT the Pres. you bring her up every X I ask you about Trump! Why?
So what you're saying is the AG/DOJ/tarmac visits is independent from any bias, like the last 8 years?
Sally u are not a patriot u are a political hack. Ur refusal 2 enact the law under your President was traitorous act. You should be no jail.
Independent like the FBI?
@sallyqyates http://www.photius.com/charts/usa.html   maybe this will refresh your memory.
tell us what think about obama running guns for Mexico's drug cartels
last time I checked the DOJ works 4 the president...
The DoJ doesn't work for the president. It works for the judiciary of the country. The president just appoints certain positions. That's why there are 3 branches of government  - executive, Congressional, judicial.
wrong it’s part of the executive branch and president runs the executive branch..
I was wrong - there's a difference between DoJ and judicial system that I didn't know or understand. My apologies.
no problem..
Oh SALLY, How quickly you all forget how
Mueller & Lynch & HOLDER & COMEY ALL VIOLATED THEIR OATH & the LAW! HYPOCRITES 
Investigate them
There’s the Russian collusion and what was done? Nothing..
He is dangerous. Period.
we love you Sally - keep speaking!
Thank you @SallyQYates for stating what ALL Americans should remember despite party! @GOP silence is deafening as per usual!
Your continued yapping shows your partisan political position and lends zero credibility!

TR the first President to vastly expand the executive power in the White House- which he named- massive ego who demanded allegiance- nice
Capitalism only works as a social system if checks that protect society from unfettered greed are in place.
Do you consider this yet another admission to obstruction of justice?
WHEN will it END
You have no class. How could you possibly have functioned at acting AG. Firing you was easily the correct call.
Thank you for reminding America of this important truth. Lies, threats & disinformation from our WH have become SOP.
Looks like Trump didn't attend the inservice before taking office
If you read written transcripts of his interviews, it seems he didn't attend kindergarten before taking office, either.

Maybe someone needs to create a flow chart to show him how the government works

Hey @realDonaldTrump we know that you have a huuuuge learning curve, perhaps this should have been provided to you before being elected
Somebody should have given the flow chart to Obama
I LOVE HILLARY CLINTON AND PRESIDENT OBAMA
Our President has shown time and again his disdain for all elements vital to our Republic. Free press, Congress, the courts, our allies etc
His attacks on ALL American institutions, that don't agree with him, borders on criminal.
Holder, Lynch and you were VERY independent of Obama and Hillary.
.@SallyQYates If you/Lynch were SO independent, why did neither of you appoint a special counsel on Hillary emails/foundation, IRS abuses?
Holder/Lynch/Yates DOJ went after Obama opponents (@DineshDSouza, Christie, Menendez) while protecting Corzine, Hillary, IRS.
Film maker was arrested to help sell the lie that Benghazi was caused by a video. DOJ let a ring of Russian spies go in '09. No independence
Babe
Save us Queen
Constantly violating the constitution he vowed to uphold. How much longer will Republicans enable this?
Whether it may be true or not, Congress is allowed themselves to appear as complicit with the Russian interference
you have nothing to say we want to hear.Holder and Lynch were never independent of Obama Your party line shows
Bitter still? Quit whining. Try wine instead.
Your Grandstanding just proves why you're a punk
Was AG Holder held in contempt of congress because of his bedrock of principle? Or was that because he was obstructing an investigation?
You are a gosh darn American hero.
Please explain in detail the basis of your accusation.
Don don Jr is Russian Trump going to Russia is like visiting the in-laws  he is in bed with the Russians when in trouble they'll protect him
Sally, are there laws that criminalize those who violate the essential independence of DOJ?
You don't know what you are talking about.
Scared that you're about to go down also?

Why would anyone oppose draining the swamp?
Now is the time to call House Judiciary to DEMAND Articles of Impeachment for Trump obstruction of justice - 202-225-3951. Talk with aide.
Yates Are you aware of the Oath of Office you took?
Aware that the U.S.A. is a Constitutional Republic NOT a Democracy?
@HCOnlineCourses
Thx u 4 speaking up ! 
GA has a Governor's race coming up... just sayin! 
Or we'd be thrilled if you replaced Perdue in the Senate.... run Sally run!
You libs love lying communists dont you?
Independence of DOJ??  Are you serious?  You mean just when Republicans are in office right?  #AnotherHypocrite
So your argument is 2 wrongs do indeed make a right?? If the other guys do it it's ok that we do too defense is really weak. Pot meet kettle
Nope.  Argument is, get your own house in order before you start criticizing someone else's.  Pretty simple really.
I now know reading comprehension is difficult for you; not sure how I can do better than a 5th grade comprehension level.  But keep trying.
Argument?  What are you 3?  What part of "hypocrisy" do you now understand?  Good grief....
I would ask you the same thing MAGA boy?

Still peddling that misinformation?
The Obama administration thus you ruined the essential independence of the DOJ, IRS , FBI by politicalizing our government agencies.
Bra, 12h ago you retweeted some idiot saying the Comey memo was classified. Even FOX admitted they spent days just lying about that, FFS. 
Bra that was from the Hill besides classified or not Comey had a responsibility to keep that investigation confidential.
As a government employee, sure.
Luckily, Trump fired him first.

This reminds of someone else:
You can't even see the hypocrisy in what you are saying.
Your blindness toward the @HillaryClinton crimes speaks volumes to your impartiality and integrity so these words are hollow and insincere
Bra, she's been scrutinized and investigated for three decades. Ain't nothing there. Find a new bone to chew.
Yates/ Comey dream ticket for 2020.
Over the top double standard.
Ahem, in the feduciary, is a tricambral federal system of checks and balances.  The first office mentioned is the executive by the people?
I'm unsure what you mean. My copy of the US Constitution lists the Legislative Branch 1st, the Executive Branch 2d, & the Judiciary 3d.
Possibly you should send me a link to the Original document in PDF form.
I think this is what you want:
This is rich....all of a sudden the dems are concerned with the independence of the DOJ.   Yawn, I'm not impressed!
Who is left to speak truth to power? Congress continues to plead the 5th.
they go beyond that. They are aiding and abetting.
Aren't you shocked how few Americans--and their elected representatives--seem to care?
Rosenstein signed the false FISA application.  Why did he not recuse?  Oh because he is in on it too.  He is not respected in the department and carries the nickname of "Frank Burns" among his underlings.
You are a true American hero, thank you for your courage and devotion to justice.
Yes obstruction of justice and the destruction of all norms of a functioning democracy are just hilarious.  You & your leader are #TRAITORS
Trump is actively dismantling U.S democracy and the republican party is letting him
Trump's interview with NY Times should scare anyone that reads it or listens to it! GOP and his family need to do something, now, dangerous
He is a chess player and has reasons for his actions.  Watch and learn.   Sanest man I know
Haha, wishful thinking on your part! Sorry to hear about your predicament. May the force be with you!
Look in the mirror you loon. Guess Hillary is the hallmark of integrity & ethics in your dark closet! Time for more Kool Aid so drink up!
Your ignorance must make you feel all fuzzy inside....or you would live in reality. Ween yourself off Fox (faux), take your opioids and shew
Ouch! What a loony response but then again left wing wacko nut jobs lack the ability to formulate real thoughts or write a complete sentence
Haha, have you read your President's Times interview? Lol "formulating" real thought, omg. Bless your heart! Go back to facebook
Run for President.
Run for President.
Liar!
https://goo.gl/jQnUQW 
https://goo.gl/79hzfi 
https://goo.gl/4xdQ3u 

Independence of the DOJ????? Please in your finite wisdom show me where in the constitution it says that
Really? Do you think anyone could possibly believe you?
TARMAC

We're not  a democracy anymore.  We're an oligarchy.
Mental health institutes will flourish because of their sociopathic behaviors
Mueller worked 4 Republican Presidents& Democrat Presidents. He is so squeaky clean you can't find the damn thing on him! MOST RESPECTED MAN
Are you on glue, or something?  Mueller was the money mule for uranium one, Russia collusion.
Seriously think there is absent gray matter.
The admin you were part of pretty much tried to remove all the bedrocks of democracy. Enjoy your participation ribbon. Thanks for coming out
Mueller has hired the resistance to conduct the investigation. Without the DNC server it's all meaningless, why hide the server? Not hacked?
How's life in the deep state sally?
DOJ is NOT independent! Reports TO and under direction OF @realDonaldTrump. Educate yourself b4 making ignorant statements on public forum!

Triggered much..... are u a liberal
You couldn't spell the words objective or indpendent, unless BO told you how...
Trump does not understand the 3 branches of government.He thought he'd have unchecked power.I trust Mueller will discover truth
Pretty please... 
Can't believe you actually said this. #STUPID
Mainly it reflects that he has no freaking idea how recusal, or any other governmental function, works.
Sally Yates.I never heard of you before your heinous http://act.You  will always be a bad footnote in USA history.Hypocrite.
What exactly do you callthe behavior of Loretta Lynch and James Comey?
More grandstanding and BS...
Yep that Holder/Lynch DOJ was soooo independent...
No need to keep up the front after your years chipping away at the bedrock.
Your corrupt not worth of the positions you've held, You turned a blind eye to Clinton crimes and were WRONG on Trump travel ban per SCOTUS
Bedrock principle is the peaceful transition of power, yet you and Obama undermine transition through spying and unmasking.
Globalist minion democracy works so much better without water carriers for the establishment like yourself.
We love you Sally and we need your voice to help us speak against tyranny!!
#SCOTUS ruled in favor of @realDonaldTrump.  DJT was right again. @SallyQYates was wrong. @NewYorker is #FakeNews
Yet, how do we stop #potus when our #Congress and much of the American people are clueless as to the purpose of these checks and balances?
Me, me, me, me, me, me.
Name Trump's 6 favorite words.
Where is the democracy you're screaming about when Lynch met with Slick Willy on the tarmac? Hypocrite!
No Sal. American people are wise to your scam. Muller is a big op research set up to hurt Trump. Criminality is on the left
Sally, once this mess is over, You need to run for President. No, Really.
Oh Sally you're shady AF just like the rest of the fools in the last administration..I hope everything was worth selling out your country 4
You should be in jail for your leaking of classified information!
Democracy rules
Otherwise u should get shot
Miss independent 
Somehow having FBI making a decision not to prosecute Hillary-NOT FBI'S DUTY EVER - L Lynch was never going to prosecute Hillary fits t/BILL
Tell how you were independent? Hypocrite-typical liberal
#Hi #ImMrMeseeks #LookAtMe The recusal was a hoax in the first place because Sessions had no conflicts no interest. You ignore this fact
Donnie is a self centered spoiled brat. Who wants to be king dictator. Impeach trump. Trump/Russia collusion, corruption, connection
Lol
The OCCUPIER at 1600's doj was the sleaziest of the sleazy
No wonder he fired you. The DOJ is not independent.
DOJ reports directly to the POTUS. It is NOT independent. Obama proved that again and again for 8 years.
Go ahead. Keep living in your little dream world where you think We The People don't know what you all did
What, we still haves laws? I thought that ended under Obama?
Are you on drugs? Comey admitted under oath that Lynch cowed him into covering for Hillary. DOJ was NOT independent under Obama.
Terribly ignorant tweet with thousands of retweets. Scary how ignorant millions are
Putin isn't any better than Jong Un
you mean like when Lynch told Comey to refer to an investigation as a matter or when she met with Bill Clinton on the tarmac? Hypocrite!!!
Haven't get yourself new job? Move on lady. We got enough of your partisan bickering.
Tell Thomas Jefferson that about Aaron Burr.  You Goof.
@cheryl360cda thats so insincere coming from u Sally. The Obama DOJ was anything bt separate so give us a break...we C thru u.
The Obama administration politicized the DoJ with Holder AND Lynch. #facts
Plus it shows he knew something...again Trump lets us know he's guilty
Sally, do you think these ignorant tweets about debunked claims against Hillary are coming from ignorance or Russian hacks ?
Freaking hypocrite. Part of the "family" aren't you? #ClintonAmericanMafiosa
Sally, build a platform, team, plan to save our country. #SallyYates2020
Someone should remind Trump of ancient Russian proverb-
"Those whom you humiliate
are soon to retaliate."
#Spicey
#sessions
#Comey
Your hatred of our President & us reveals your Marxist agenda:
DOJ is part of the EXECUTIVE BRANCH . My god, do you even know how the system works?? No wonder you were canned.
@SallyQYates kettle meet pot
Corrupt corrupt politicians....
The only connection POTUS and/or his admin has to these fictitious "Russia" chgs is his name, as in "TRUMPED"-up!  
Glad the country is independent of you.
Rich coming from a former agent of the law who refused 2 follow her sworn oath of duty bc of politics #zerocredibility #politicalhack
America is proof that democracy is far from infallible.
Amazing you don't know how government works. If it was such a bedrock principle lynch would have convicted hillary
How much did you know when Lynch 'suggested' Comey to make the Hillary investigation as a MATTER, by a long look...
"Independence" like not prosecuting Mrs Clinton for email espionage, and not stopping Obama from all of his Treasonous actions with Iran????
Tarmac, Bill Clinton. Enough said liberal hypocrite.
POTUS atk on recusal just shows he realizes this is a knife fight against liars and toadies (like you) and Sessions doesn't.  Got a job yet?
Tarmac meetings some kind of bedrock principle too? Please....get out of here with that crap
You agenda driven shitbag has zero room to talk.
Did the Bedrock principle include Holder being held in Contempt by Congress 4Operation Fast&Furious cover up or Lynch on the Tarmac? Liars
He is SHOCKINGLY CLUELESS and perhaps a little ^$^%$^%#*^#&%$   *)^%*)^%$*^$&$ I say this BC words fail me with these trumprussia people.
GFY SALLY
A quote from the legal angel 
It's another example of POTUS lack of ethics and understanding of government.
Sally Sally Sally...did you keep a straight face typing that?  The rules you cherish are for ALL, not just a cross to crucify conservatives
The fact you think this shows you were unfit to be AG, even temporarily.

The ignorance is astounding.
Tell us about Eric Holder & F&F... where were your principled objections then? HYPOCRITE
yet the crimes admitted by Comey that Hillary committed with no indictment was a sign of essential independence?
We are actually a Federal Republic but you work there so why would you know?
Is the 1st Amendment also "a bedrock principle of our democracy"? Asking for a friend named @POTUS
Normally you start with a crime that may lead back to WH.not start with special council and a conspiracy theory looking for a crime
Seriously? You come from a corrupt DOJ who turned blind-eye to Obama, Lynch & Hillary criminal activities! Take a seat FOOL!! #FIREMUELLER
Your FIRED !!!!!
Thank you for your service Sally
All the same weak excuses but who is currently President and who is under investigation for treasonous behavior w our oldest enemy! Sad
DOJ wasn't really independent pre 1970s.
Recusal was warrantless and indeed unfair to Trump. "Muh Russia" was nothingburger from day one and we all know it.
You can't just blab any nonsense & expect people to believe what isn't true. Oh wait, liberals will.
Can we call him DOTUS instead
Said respectively by an Obama Flunkie!
I think you meant the DOJ senior staff was essential to your bedrock plans to elect Hillary.
Obama was running guns with AG Holder that got a border patrol agent KILLED,WTF WERE YOU Sally? DAMN HYOCRITE FO
We're not a democracy, DOJ isn't independent, DOJ has to answer to the people through the elected @POTUS who sets policy not DOJ bueracrats
Hack. Your DOJ was among the most corrupt in history.
But You said Nothing on Obama's Secret Meetings or Hillary's Extensive Dealings with Putin! #DoubleStandard
Love you Sally. You are a strong role model for my sweet daughter Violet. I'm a cardiologist but I would love her to be a public servant
Go read the constitution instead of whinning, DOJ is under Executive branch, not the other way around you fool.
You are nothing but a discredited lib has been.Americans now know the corruption in D.C. that u are part of.Mueller is running a witch hunt.
Bye bye  Sally. We have no respect for you nor your opinions anymore. You've shown ur true colors. 
Thank you ! 
We need your integrity to continue to be a voice!THANK YOU!!!!!
Clinton-Lynch ,tarmac,hello,how did you even have a job?
Obama DoJ most corrupt in history, who was it that took the 5th ,
It's growing evidence of the INTENT to use the DOJ or USAG to cover up his crimes, inappropriate Russian contacts, or business dealings.
