Has he looked at the Weather Channel or CNN lately?
Good!
Climate is a dynamic condition man can't control. Labeling those who disagree with leftist extremists as "deniers" doesn't change the facts.
And so where did these storms come from
Clearly they're Obama's fault, just ask #TeflonDon.
Like that will change the truth!
The GOP hates science & an  educated populace. Keeping 90% of Americans uneducated keeps them in power.
Of course he is, suits big business. He is going to do everything to help big business, corps, wealthy, because that's what he is and knows
Go ahead load em up. When the we elect a Democrat, we WILL FIRE EVERY LAST STICKING ONE OF THEM!
2 "epic" hurricanes w/ sev trailing, earthquakes &  fires in Cali. Nah, CC isn't real. Rush said Irma was a Dem hoax. Then he evacuated FL
And have these idiots opened a book in the last 20 yrs stupid ppl stick together and the trump administration proves it
tRump seems to attract those who mirror his thinking therefore they're all mentally ill and incompetent.
Tweeted 7/8/17
"worst and most destructive" secretary can be attributed to … all of @realDonaldTrump's cabinet.
I know that "global warming" is a hoax, as is "climate change", because @POTUS tells us so. @realDonaldTrump wouldn't lie, would he?
It's the Electoral College's fault.
Oh well.
The hurricanes are a figment of our imaginations
I can't understand why anyone would have believed he would help anyone OTHER than big business/wealthy when that's his friends, himself.
Idiots also
Rick Perry was born the way.the others made a choice to 
Be evil & idiotic.
Those real science guys are a threat to the fossil fuel business. The oil & coal tycoons pay these guys big bucks to deny warming.
This only makes us weaker in the eyes of the world. This is absolutely disgusting.
Trump is trying to dismantle our protection against big businesses to make a buck at the expense of our health....
Of course, because Exxon is calling the shots. Would a savvy business guy like Tillerson put up with a Trump otherwise?
"If I'm putting enough deniers in the office then all will be good"
.@thehill Three hurricanes tops all the idiots in this Republican administration. Climate change hurricanes are pounding Republican supports
I just can't stand this man and what he is doing to our country. How many of these folks have Russian ties or he owes money
He has chosen the most grossly unqualified cabinet in modern history! Full of elitists, fools and bigots.
Even Duct Tape can't fix stupid.
Just like the alcoholic who surrounds themselves with other alcoholics, the ignorant surround themselves, as 45 has, with other ignoramus.
That is one of the reasons why the GOP supports teaching the myth of intelligent design to school children. It discourages thinking.
Hope they r all questioning themselves!
You mean people grounded in sanity.
You mean climate "realists." Lol

Donald Trump is a smart man get rid of those Crock-Pot scientist
Climate change is real. All this does is to ensure advancement in tech to combat this issue ceases. Thus making America vurnerable.
's
Why is the anus in chief allowed to do this?
That's a bad move on Trump's part.
Great, more and bigger hurricanes, good for the ratings
You look foolish.
A team of imbeciles.
For Christ sakes stop posting useless stupid crap that means nothing
Of course
Good. It's all for redistribution of wealth.
Idiot. Somebody find Trump a place to stay in Key West tonight. Should be a relaxing evening for him.
Exactly!
Big mistake @POTUS
For many presidents it was said that they can cause a huge damage to our country in the past, but with 45 .....it will be unrepairable!
The deniers are those at the UN.  Climate change science is full of fakes, using Earth as a front for their taxes.
Stop before we destroy all of the US
Unevolved
You misspelled "realists". Al Gore is no scientist. Obama and Gore own Oceanside property. If the ocean is to rise 30 feet in 10yrs, WHY?
This will come to haunt us all.....
The earth has warmed since the last ice age. We can't control it. Climate change is a scheme to tax and control us!
All this does is put the US at a technological disadvantage to the rest of the advanced world; USA going to coal will #Make China Great
Totally unbelievable. What does they contribute this unseen weather? They wouldn't know.
Cathy Stepp has no college degree. Scott Pruitt has a degree  in POLITICAL science, which is apparently close enough for Trump.
What could possibly go foul?
Another bunch of men in suits who dont have a fucking clue.
This picture is porn for the #KochBrothers .
Makes Trump feel good to be surrounded by fellow incompetents. Smart people make him mad when they show him up.
Barb. You are so right.
Deny it all you like. It doesn't make it any less of a problem.
Classic if you have a different opinion your in denial it has to be scary yo be a lefty facisist
The planet doesn't care.
You mean with Republicans.
Well God must be so proud that trump is able to convince folks we dont need to take better care of the world he created for us.
We're doing fine! 30 yrs ago u couldn't see across the street in L.A. Due to smog;, its China, India,etc who are at fault.
Ah yes I forgot that smog levels in LA were how we measure climate change, not record breaking hurricanes and floods.
.@realDonaldTrump We need SCIENTISTS who believe worldwide evidence of climate change.Why accelerate destruction of the planet?
So if Hillary was president the hurricanes wouldn't happen? Huh!
Problem with the Matrix!Everyone should take the Red Pill & get back to real world b/c these idiots ain't got a clue!Climate change is real!
Not deniers-false narrative of Left.They differ in views on degree of change,causes & solutions so Left attcks & labels deniers to discredit
More like climate change realists
I mean,climate gonna change regardless what we do. The more humans on earth just making things worst.
These asshats don't OWN this planet! Most of us want to preserve the Earth, you know, to LIVE???
#maketheworldabetterplace
Climate change doesn't give a damn if these weasels deny it.
Deniers? Or objective, responsible, PUBLIC SERVANTS!
............ don't forget to mention the buffoons as well.
The Trump administration should be sued for risking the health of the US citizens by making policies that are detrimental to our lives
we're screwed
very irresponsible just to prove hes right in his head..
No one denies the climate changes but what is interesting is the Dem alarmists seem to think it has never& should never change 
Hopefully now we'll quit wasting money on trying to change mother nature.
Maybe we can text her and ask her nicely to change for us LOL
He will kill us all yet !
Swear them in on top of the tower of babyling idiots Irma Might blow them to Oz no notWe're sending our TrumpSmart PM put him up too.
And then there's this dumb dipsh1t:
Another evangelical domestic terrorist 
Did you mean *global warming?
May Hurricanes destroy their homes.
HAAHAHA it can happen
Trump reportedly is also considering filling federal health agencies with those experience with venereal diseases and puxxx grabbing.
Den of T r u m p e r i e s.
morbidly obese old man near the end of the road wants to take everybody with him
Yes!! 100% denial! I deny that the denial is even happening! This tweet doesn't exist even.
Lol.  This is fantastic...you win today...
only the best people
Wtf
you mean they don't believe in manbearpig
Lax Environmental Regs don't CUT COSTS, they just PASS THEM on to SOCIETY.
Did anybody really expect anything different?
You misspelled 'people who can think for themselves'
You mean 'truth tellers'
Take a look at this bad take.
