@itspossibly when did truth stop mattering?  I mean they don't even pretend. They flaunt their contempt for us.
Yes they do. Especially now when they know there is little anyone can do about it with GOP control!
what a bad time for one party rule. Democrats wanted to give everyone health and Repubs want it all
Fools worried about an imaginary threat to their guns. Now we will be lucky is voting isn't abolished.
yes. Fixing the system so the minority party can never lose. Voter suppression is policy.
yes, they can only win with chicanery.
pulling back on civil rights is key. Nervous he will do something bad and cancel election nukes
Trump is a terrible influence on everyone he comes into contact with. If he goes down damn it every one else is going down too!
Pence was pulling this crap when he was Governor of Indiana. No influence from Trump needed...
Lies, lies, and more lies !!!
Want some alphabet soup....spell out the word lie
Mr. Pence is not who he says he is !
I'm from Indiana. B4 trump chose pence lawns all over the city were littered w/PENCE MUST GO signs. He's a Known LIAR
thank you for telling the truth
WHEN DT is impeached, we're stuck with another liar, pence. He's quietly arrogant as opposed to trump, who has NSD.

@DonnaL0820 ok @jaketapper @maddow @JoyAnnReid @DavidCornDC Pence is caught lying, what else has he lied about?
He will drain pedos on both sides
they are afraid of Trump's Pedo war
Pence fools ppl w/calm tone & his so-called religious beliefs. How will he justify swearing on that bible? Crossed his fingers.
the hypocrisy of Pence is nuts. How often did he condemn Hilary calling her a liar. Glass houses u hypocrite.
Pence is a lair just like trump. Trump knows all about Flynn to I didn't think VP would go this low but he has They are all lying
Parseltongue Pence uses his patrician charm to lie to your face, because Daddy would never lie!
did this really happen to you?
Will @VP become #PerjurorPence under oath in #TrumpRussia investigation?
The only reason Pence is VP is because we had enough of him ruining Indiana. We apologize to the rest of the country,
Amen! I tell everyone about the lawn signs PENCE MUST GO & how relieved we were he was picked! And then they won :(
Perhaps you didn't hear right because you were mesmerized by The Squint™.
@miagirlopieboy @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @SpeakerRyan  three people all cut all cut from the same cloth. Ryan drunk w power
@michellegallow2 First Mate on a modern day Titanic-but you know the Captain won't go down with this ship-too many rats
when's the movie coming out?
After LIVING thru this...any time in my life time is too soon to see this movie.
@MarkRus29015618 in IN pence is a known liar. He's the SAME as trump. He just lifts his bible a little higher. More polished
for the inauguration I doubt Trump ever held a Bible... "Two Corinthians". 
LOL, you're right. Thanks for the laugh. I needed it tonight
Infectious and purposeful. They use lying to deflect from their other crimes in order to gaslight Americans. Purposeful lies.
Remember the VP debate. Pence casually denied Trump said all the things he said. Pence lies nonstop.
they all need to be removed from WH! Sessions will/us do his hardest to block Investigation into Russia ugh! Fascism in WH
10 minutes later Pence asked "who's Flynn?" #flynn
why do they think we are all stupid,can't wait until reality hit Trump supporters
so Christian of him. Maybe he needs conversion therapy to not lie?
If any of them tell the TRUTH, NOW THAT WOULD BE REAL NEWS!
_real world here, stick with what you do in your Hollyweird bubble. Stop spreading fascist bullshit lies
Rather a prerequisite for employment. Their touch is infectious.
Haha
@rcarr57 Thou shall not lie @VP thou shall not lie. Surely you have that I your Bible as well?
Fear the Lord would be a good place for every republican to start
They probably believe they can throw some money at the problem, like in the good old days.
@casanova_kara
@deejay90192 As if everyone expected more from the guy who thinks LGBTQ only need shock therapy to cure them. #TheResistance
that would have been difficult since Flynn only registered as foreign agent on Thursday.
Pence LIES but he has to confer with GOD first to get the OK !
FaKeNews! FaKeNews! FaKeNews! 
Listen to our Great President, he's telling us the only news we can trust is Fox & Breibart.
@JoAnneSimonBK52 Hurrah for BROOKLYN I MISS MY FAMILY THERE
.Everybody connected to trump knew because Putin told them too
Trump-Bannon-Flynn are traitors! Sessions is a perjurer! Pence is a liar praying trump is dumped OMG Repeal and Replace !
Pence is a disgusting weasel.
Pence is very pretentious. He pretends to be a religious man. If he was, he would not be Trump's VP & covering up for him.
sadly the press seems to think it's funny. Their lying is not at all funny. Sean Spicer had a laugh with the press about his lies
@Trumpnado2016 Well, he could lie and gain a few more months in office, or come clean and leave today in cuffs.
has US ever had a less-accountable potus & vp? With GOP enabling and supporters saying ass-kicking antics > reallife impacts.
@BrettaApplebaum But since God didn't tell him directly, it didn't count.
either they didn't know or they forgot that's 2 reasons they always give that r unbelievable how long r they gonna keep using
@MPence is feeding Satan with his lying. Ooooh Shiiittt, in trouble now. He had better # Confess.
He is a hypocrite! Only put on ticket to con the evangelicals... a wolf in sheep's clothing. #corrupt
Bull  He new it all along! Not good for a christian church goer to lie like that! does he know he is going to Hell
Doing great job Rob! Keep it up!
@EJLandwehr Rob they just have to follow the money and the whole house of cards will come crashing down!!
he's a liar also
Cummings is a lier and you fell for all that liberal bull shit your just a drone commanded by the democrat Sodomites
Oh my, just look at those spellingerrors. It's true, Trump supporters really are undereducated
Do they think we believe all of these lies? Or do they think no one cares? #sad
@_Carja Just for grins, if Trump and Pence get impeached would we end up with Sessions? Scary thought !!!
@MarkWarner @DarrellIssa @SenFeinstein @SenatorCollins please INVESTIGATE DT & cabinet!

They R like a constant drip of lies - every last 1 of them.  GOP scrambling 2 get their agenda thru B4 45 implodes is obvious
As before the problem isn't that the facts are the facts, the problem is living in the state of denial
@jacksnowknows This cabal needs to go, ALL of them. They came into office illegitimately lying through their teeth. Treason too?
@amymichuki Now you know how we felt when Obama and Clinton were in office!
I feel the gov't isn't accomplishing too much of late. The world is taking adv of it.  ie North Korea. WoW!
@jrbaltmd57 LOCK HIM UP!!!
Will the real "Meathead" please stand up? It ain't Michael Stivic ...
New sign slogan idea for Trump protesters: 
Impound 
Impeach 
Imprison
@lisa911_lisa Ridiculous lying. Prepare to vote em all out 2018.
he also "knew that flynn lied to him about russia call" for 6 weeks before getting him fired. pence is evil enemy of the state
lying as a lifestyle could be our end or theirs. Treason. #resist
@ghua1981 Pence is the Devil
rt'd to @Vp
@Conssuck2 when you lie as much and as often as this administration does in their minds it's not a lie but the truth.
say it ain't so-Pence might have lied?  He's in the Trump adm-what else is new; they all lie-America is in trouble!!
@RealDwneastDiva Where are the so called PATRIOTS now..just BS
Responsible moral thinking begins when we work to see things as they are. The attack on reason is an attack on morality.
@RobertMoseder So the whole bunch is dirty, no way we're accepting Pence as President now.
A very treasonous crowd. More comes out daily. Republichickens should NOT keep ignoring evidence!
it's unreality TV
Truth is not an option with this administration!
Pence is as big a fucking liar as 45!
Dateline #TRUTH where are we going to go to find truth in the @realDonaldTrump administration? This cannot continue!
Except it does. Checks & balances don't work when Congress is at war with the people too
each "pick" is by design , calculated not vetted , all have something to hide, when dt says he reads people that may be 1 truth
@maddow TRUTH MATTERS TO @FBI @CIA @DHSgov @NSAGov and @CivilRights #investigatetrump and all his cabinet!! All dirty! #retweet
Isn't lying a sin? #Pencelies #TrumpLies #lmpeachtrump
he stumbled a bit when he said it, but tried to maintain his usual pious face.
we have a corrupt government and the people must demand repeal and replace of it.
ECummings is too classy, but Perfect Pence needs a public raking over the proverbial coals. #resist #ImpeachTrump
You got suckered into fake Russia story . Now go pretend your relevant in anything.
Pence isn't innocent.
Every time he cocks his head to one side or the other, he is signalling a lie. Some liars lift their brows with that Please Believe Me tic.
@mph237 Quit whining you fools. You lost, we won. You suck, we don't. You have zero power, we have it all!!!
It's toxic and it's making us all sick. The cure: impeachment!
Wings needed to fly above the BS
.... INSANE.is right!!
@ScottCarmichae1 Scary to think impeaching dt gets Pence, next up Ryan! OMG!
For God's sake! Am I the only person on this planet who was raised not to lie? I'm convinced I'll be struck by lightning if I do!
Anyone who has morals or ethics and supports the truth wouldn't have signed on to be #45's VP or anywhere near him.
That's alright though, the institutions will protect us!
& as @maddow pointed out, not close to answering question posed--twice! Lyin' Mike sure wanted to get that info out there!
Pence has been excellent at playing the "I know nothing" innocent counter to DT. It is about time he is outed!
Help find this missing Trump aide: (please Retweet)
@cleotiger17 So if they get rid of DJT & Pence, is Ryan in charge???
@MarilynAEdmonds pence is a known liar
Oh child! @mike_pence a consummate &practiced liar. His narcissism tells him it's ok. He's as evil/mental as Trump.
but were "many people" saying it? Whoever the hell they are?
Great scene in season 4 of @Rectify where the recalcitrant former sheriff admits once something gets started, you get pulled in.
They all seem to have severe memory issues and extreme cases of alterna-factitus.  I hear that's politically fatal.
pence has always been part of this. He knew.
No, during the debate he lied for 80 minutes and then spent the last 10 minutes telling us how important his religion is to him.

it's disgusting
who watches the Watchmen? Who supervises these people? Surely there are powers 2 arrest these liars? They are not above the law
@LoisTeston Human beings become what their habits shape them to become, it will only get worse if that's even possible
Not my President!!!!

hmm... a wanna be Christian liar...
@IndivisibleMD so did Flynn's lawyers.
I believe the entire Republican party is in culls ion with the Russians...Trump is just the destruction for what is surfacing 
He lies like a rug.  Sadly, none of these guys is smart enough to realize that there are media records of just about everything.
just heard that Peter Pan can fly.
@MaryTrinetti - unbelievable
They all need to be impeached!   How could this be happening?  They sold out their country!  To Russia! Endangering everyone!
Pence cannot be trusted either.  We need to get rid of all of them.
Knew Pence was smarmy, now we know a liar. Google it too, so many times!  We already know Trump is a liar. Who do we turn to now?
thank u for always speaking truth to Power! u! The lying is corrosive to our democracy and disgraceful deserve better!
Executive Fail: #Flynn #YemenDisaster #Manafort #Sessions #CIALeaks #Lies #Trump #Putinspuppet
That's how they're getting hired by DT they have to pass THE LIE TEST!
.@robreiner - @VP is reciting from the same fascist playbook. Being caught in obvious lie is irrelevant to main goal: show and intimidation.
.@robreiner 
Pence was not even asked that question. He offered that tidbit out TWICE, w/o being probed. 
#ThouShaltNotLie "Christian" Mike.
Pence is just a stooge. He talks as though he lost a few shingles in the last storm.
is this all just a promo for #Homeland
@oonasez Lies start from the top and work down. Look who their boss is? The habitual liar himself!!
Please verify facts with multiple sources. Then we will talk. Gov can lie on OPS and official biz for National Security, all admitted this.
@VP Pence has always been a complete liar - didn't you see his VP debate performance?
@openpodbaydoor_ Via letter in November, to be exact.
Cummings met with Trump this week.  I wonder what transpired.
There's also a vicious strain of Amnesia going around. If only there were a vaccine...
Thought #Pence view on conversion therapy made him nuts. Now it appears this God fearing man also has #trump lying flu too.
Pence lying is not insane. It is criminal. Expel Trump / GOP fossil fuel polluter mafia climate denier crooks.
They are all LIARS
and you can't tell me that the intelligence community didn't know this long before. You're correct about the lying 
@PegNDaim They're all liars! Prerequisite for tRump employ. #Trumprussia #PenceLies #ImpeachTrump
that's because they all are in this together. Birds of a feather will flock together. #resist
@SenatorLeahy Who in Congress is on Putin's payroll? What is Mercer's role? Is he connected to Vlad or a rogue Supremacist?
@PrincessBravato Seinfeld effect. It's not a lie, if you believe it. It's not a crime, if it's the President? Yes, it's a crime!
@sasyecat he thought the question meant was he foreign agent in regards to the Trump campaign. #NothingToSeeHere
@mtnlovertoo
strange too that pence met w turkey pm 1st
@realsatanson shut up MEATHEAD!!!!
Pence is most certainly involved. Lousy poker face.
Pence needs to drop the honest, good Christian act. He's full of BS. He's as evil, dishonest & corrupt as the others.
images created on an etch-a-sketch have a longer shelf life than their lies
it's insane @MikePenceVP Please don't lie. Although I don't agree with your politics I thought you were an honest guy. Not.
@Lawrence @JoeNBC @morningmika Can not use the 25th now. Pence will have to be impeached too. The both got to go.
Do they all have hearing problems?
pence had to be in on everything and @realDonaldTrump  won't hesitate 2 toss him under the 
@MikeFitzburg Ahh so much for being a faithful Christian
Curiously, Pense offers twice that this the 1st he heard of Flynn/Turkey. Uh, he wasn't asked when he'd heard.  #lietell
their lies are breeding like rabbits. That reminds me... their Easter Bunny is coming. 
A lie-pedimic
@ThomasB00001 they can no longer keep stories straight...Pence in deep with the rest.
it is beyond unbelievable but we must keep truth alive and confront and confront them with the truth
@Bamalovestoride
Agent Orange's Insane Clown Car travels on, despite being pummeled with endless tomatoes like Mr. Magoo.
GROW up he is NOT a foreign agent RESEARCH the shit..he LEGALLY informed his dealing with a co. with Turkish ties
@WideAngle_ They lie so much that they are tripping over their own lies. Maybe lies become truth if repeated as Hitler once said.
@PrincessBravato What do we do to get out of this horrific mess? It seems more and more hopeless with each passing day...
mute point! no excuse for them not properly vetting such an important appointment
It is an EVIL Banana Republic.
@ThePeterCase Well when you truly believe Noah's ark was a thing and evolution is bullshit then you can sprinkle ANY fairydust.
people need some sort of reliable source for news but forget it...
nothing should surprise us with this lying & corrupt admin. When are his supporters going to wake up?
@terri_georgia  And @VP Pence says he is a Christian! Real Christians don't lie
hardly his first lie
@SenatorLeahy Short term memory loss seems to be heading toward an epidemic in D.C.
@Gabbiedrice78K Pence has always lied. Go back to the debate. He lied with abandon. And it didn't start then. Lying liar who lies
Don't these people ever read or talk to each other? How can so many be so inept, ignorant,  incapable of doing jobs
