Language is so important.Validation,not restriction,is the intent.If even1 vote is cast illegally,it's 1 too many.
Many GOP laws are intentionally restrictive. They use the guise of validation to deny people they think likely to vote Dem their voice
Anyone w/ legal right 2vote,who also wants to vote,is not restricted from voting.Voter registration should stand alone&require validation.
We will be a dictatorship like Turkey.
We have to fight this.
Yea but spirit getting low! We assume more folks out there wanting to do Right Then those folks doing damage not restricted able to vote
We need @FBI to make their move. They already picked up "Peter of the North" the Russian hacker responsible connected to Putin and WikiLeaks
@JoyAnnReid unfortunately, im so embarrassed & ashamed to say i live in Mt & Amerika!!
after 25 year s in Cal. I moved out!!
They can not get away with this bullshit.
That's just it. They ARE getting away with it.
We must stop them.  #voting Rights.
Pay attention ur being robbed of basic right,this also is a facist tacktic restrain,Voting rites!!!?
B Informed:Check ur laws,help people get registered get them there,pay4 id's if u have 2,recheck registration 4 accuracy n vote
And one wonders why no state AG's have been put in place to stop this.  Dictator. Lock him up and take Ryan and McConnell with him
That's how they're asses can win
Its a tsunami and this type activity will be followed up with other damaging activity through laws and state court systems
Fascism at it finest
If you were registered but didn't vote in the last election or the times before you will have to reactivate ur voter ID,some states purge u
those 2 in California won't go anywhere. Really hope that Harper and Allen find better things to do with their legislative time.
Any voters that are denied representation, should be exempt from all taxes, the old taxation without thingy applies here. #VoterSuppression
More creditable voting in 1788.
Rs can't win unless they cheat. Voter suppression is undemocratic and unconstitutional. I thought every citizen 21 and over has the right 2
Absolute power corrupts absolutely. The new America. And it ain't pretty. People need to wake up to save our Republic. Hate is new norm.

Yep sounds about right. Republicans. Thinly disguised nazis.
This is a good fight for the DEMS, stand up for voting rights across the country
The GOP is such a threat to democracy that I have to wonder if they aren't all Russian agents.
GET IT YET TRUMP VOTERS!!??
EVERY registered voter please recheck your voter registrations periodically.They've changed addresses& names by 1 letter&invalidate ur vote
Will keep on fighting, even with theor rules. And will fight for all Americans, republicans and democrats.
What is happening
The Republican Party is at war with democracy itself, from the President clear down to the grass roots!
LOL. Most of those states are solid red.
It's the only way they can win. Proves NO ONE wants them.
There is some countering going on so don't give up the fight.

Every vote counts.
Unless you are on the restricted lists from voting.
Vote.
get real Democracy in the united states is dead...@housegop @senategop is based on an illegal election financed & run by Russia..#impeach45
I'm sure you guys requiring a *gasp* ID is restricting voting rights
Democracy dying before our eyes.
SAD they have to cheat to win!
They should never talk about ppl needing/getting welfare. They're cutting in line for public assistance!
Yet America pushing democracy around the world what a joke
There should be two separate countries
Corrupt ass Republicans. #vichygop
The @GOP's systematic disenfranchisement of non-white, poor voters constitutes class warfare.
When the complicity treasonous partisanship of the GOP hits them in the next elections I'm guessing a lot of those bills will be revoked
When I say I hit I'm thinking of a landslide that even their gerrymandering won't save them from
How does one possibly stay encouraged?
Please note: California is also in jeopardy, Koch brothers are very hard at work in our state
How very horrible...
Democrats mobilize! Get out and vote as one for democrats. The GOP is doing its best to marginalize you! #RESIST
Like to think it's those pesky tea party folk in the state legislatures Talk one way waking this way . . . How to unseat Start tomorrow
California?!!!! Wow
The GOP could win w/certain demos if they chose to have an honest conversation, listen to people's concerns, and throw away the dog whistle.
The GOP is the architect of its demise. 

History will not look fond upon them.
This is how the @GOP keeps winning in rural areas...please @TheDemocrats invest in the #DemMobile ...beep, beep @TomPerez
@HouseGOP These laws are deplorable. GOP YOU ARE DEPLORABLE @SenSanders @SenWarren Democrats please do something.
The @GOP's systematic disenfranchisement of non-white, poor voters constitutes a affront to democracy.
"NOT, MY AMERICA !"
NV's voter ID proposed legislation died. It didn't make it past the deadline for a hearing. 
The only way they can  win is by cheating.
@JoyAnnReid  we've got to fight the powers that be!
@JoyAnnReid I'd ask why they're so afraid to let ppl vote but that would be a stupid question.
We are getting screwed while he distracts us with NK, Syria, taxes etc., and he is laughing his ass off the whole time.  We are the suckers.
Yep!
@JoyAnnReid My state has finally joined the ranks of the Stupid states of AMERIKA!!
No words!
Too many people must have missed the childhood lesson that a win by cheating is WRONG. An honest win is honorable.

Let everyone vote!
Instead of worrying so much about people voting, we need to worry about HOW we vote and the validity of the machines and processes we use.
Now that's the lesson No one behind the scenes getting hackers and Youngins with smarts to counter not calling out local voting directors
If you can not win based on the open debate of your governance philosophy CHEAT
Trumps America.  It sucks
Disgusting
And this is why STATES RIGHTS cannot trump the basic human rights of USA citizens. We can thank @GOP for this strategy to shut out voters.
Aren't Republicans just the best?
This is fine
