Tells a lot about Donald trump's lack of leadership.
They also don't care about #COTUS, SO WHY SHOULD THEY BOTHER TO UNDERSTAND IT.
We are going to be attacked by koreans more than likely. I think thats more important than some angry hicks
We all know trumps at the golf course
How does he encourage racist people.....
BLACKLIVESMATTER FUCK WHITELIVESMATTER THAT SHITS NOT RIGHT
Mhm
I don't see the DEms doing much against these horrors either!  Just sayin' prayers is only a start.
They may be racists and bigots, but they have the right to assemble and speak freely and permitted & they have been silenced by fascists!
They don't have the right to carry assault rifles on public streets
Actually they do, its called the Second Amendment!
What did you think when Obama stood silent as police officers were getting shot all over the country & even invited BLM into the Whitehouse?
More police officers were killed by WHITE men during Obama's terms... nice try though 
I am not trying anything. I just corrected someone else's incorrect statement.
Defining is Right.  Trump's put himself in a hole he can't dig out of.
It is completely sickening. We have a POTUS whose actions divide America further on a daily basis. He can't take responsibility for anything
Thank you.
You are disgraceful. No one condones what happened especially 45. At least he didnt wait 3 days like Obama used to. Give the guy a break

Thank you for taking a stand.
Thank you for your leadership in these difficult times. @realDonaldTrump is incompetent and lacks a moral compass. He should be #IMPEACH ed.
Senator Leahy..is there a way to have the GOP see what this POTUS is doing to our country..he is letting the Alt-Right have a standing
If it was a rally about OBAMA he woulda made sure he said sonthing
Don't be so easily deceived. 
It's confirmed, the driver/murderer is a #Democrat & #Antifa #terrorist
NOT #kkk or #AltRight
#FakeNews
TRUMP's RESIGNATION IS THE ONLY ACCEPTABLE OUTCOME FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. He is Nixon on steroids!!!
The following people must leave the White House: Bannon, Gorka, Miller. Their agenda closely aligns w/ white supremacists=undemocratic hate.
Trump is not a leader.  He is a sound bite on fox that perpetuates this behavior.
You just want @POTUS to point fingers, like #Obama did (& got it wrong). He said it was wrong.
Blame lies with @TerryMcAuliffe & @POTUS44!
Do you mean like BHO's silence on Berkeley violence? And many radical Islam attacks? Or how about Baltimore violence?


@shaydaymoon https://twitter.com/larryelder/status/896507878474866688 …
It's confirmed, but @CNN refuses to correct their #FakeNews, the driver/murderer is a #Democrat & #Antifa #terrorist
Not #kkk or #AltRight
Now will #Dems take responsibility for your #seditious #rebellion?
#Resist -  on your way to jail!
ahhh, another reason we cant trust our lives in the hands of Democrats
Mad when people respond....mad when they don't. Why not just admit that your view of him may be a part of the issue.
Yet 8 years of silence from Obama on the Riot a Month Club didn't seem to bother you....
Bullshit.

Here's Obama speaking out against violence against *Trump supporters* And it's a breitbart link just 4 U
I was referring to all the riots. And you KNOW THAT! Had nothing to do with Trump. He wasn't even in the picture back then.
He's unfit to be president. He holds the ideals of Putin rather than the country he serves. He must be removed.
We should have known, the signs were there, we were told ...
Of course he's silent. This is another major distraction orchestrated straight from the Bannon playbook.
@realDonaldTrump shame on you!! Your grandchildren are Jewish & you remain silent as violence erupts against police by Nazi sympathizers!
What silence?
Silence LOL
@AtomBomb_33
If this is how you feel then draw articles of Impeachment 25th Amendment, include cabinet, all appointees: INACTION is deafening ...
Senator Leah when will you and other Senators take action to bring about change in the executive offices of the USA? Tweets can not impeach
Then get DT out - he is unfit.
You've shown us who you are, Mr. President. Now it's time for YOU to learn what America needs from its president.
C'MON Senator! Bannon, Gorka and Miller are down right RACISTS sitting in the West Wing of the highest office of this nation! Denounce THEM!
@POTUS silence speaks VOLUMES
@SenateDems Hold him ACCOUNTABLE!
Yeah, but then he comes through with generic, amorphous apology, and it's all good = Republicans in serious denial about their role in this.
He didn't call out the communist antifa people that are there to incite riot. He did the right thing
The "I can grab pussy tape" was defining
Did you feel it necessary to post the same tweet 1 hour apart? Or, did you forget you sent it? You might want to consider retirement.
This further confirms his lack of leadership skills.
You should be calling for Trumps resignation!!
You sir are part of the problem.
Wake up America and see what we have allowed to happen by VOTING trump, GOP & his minions in as our leaders.white supremacists r in r WH!!
Trump needs to go.
The longer Trump refuses to denounce white supremacy adherents, ...
...the more proof we'll have that he incited violence at his rallies, that his father was arrested at a KKK rally in yesteryear, ...
and the longer he takes to denounce Nazi's and KKK (both white supremacist groups), the more we'll believe ....
...the rumor Trump keeps a copy of Mein Kemp on his night stand in homage to Hitler. Trump needs to denounce Nazi's and KKK today!!!
Sad!  By his actions today,  this appears to be true.
http://www.agayindependent.com/blog/ok-now-i-am-back …
Today is the day we will remember that Trump scadals went from being "Nothing Burgers" to being Nurembergers... #CondemnCharlottesvilleNazis
Thank you for speaking out
Defining is right Senator!
What silence?
#StopThePunk #Resistance
Good job keeping us devided Dems! Instead of standing together you find ways to always devide and throw punches. Your party is dissolving
...he issued anti violence statements...I think you got today and the BLM/Obama riots confused old man...Obama was the quiet one
Silence from @realDonaldTrump in condemning racists, supremacists and nationalists? Hmm...must be any day of the week.
Really, just like 44  did
Donald Trump is the worst thing that has happened to the office of president in the last 60 years.
90 years ago to this day his father was part of the KKK rally in Queens. Donald Trump was born to be a racist
Thank you for speaking out.
This tweet didn't age well.
Where's your condemnation of Antifa, BlackLivesMatter & the Muslim brotherhood, Leahy, you indufferable hypocrite. 
Remember he said his polls were going up.  These Nazis with flags on our land are the constituents of the polls he follows.
Stop playing politics
He made them feel embolden enough to where these haters are now running over people, this is gone beyond way 2 far, this needs 2 end now!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump This hatred,violence,bigotry lies on YOUR DOORSTEP,Trump. You are beacon of hate-have been since your youth.IMPEACH!
That's Trumps base.
Birds of a feather, Senator.  Our country voted in a hateful, ignorant bigot who pretended to care about this country.
Demand impeachment NOW!
SO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!  BY LETTING IT CONTINUE, THE BLOOD IS ON YOUR HANDS TOO!!!
Trump has spoken by now. But clearly had to be coerced . and its insufficient.
Well he's talking now and not issuing a strong rebuke of racism on display. He might as well have stayed silent.
as deafening as the Republican Party's silence during Trump's rise.  I blame the Republican Party.  It's the haters party, the Nazi's party.
His twitter account has lobbed platitudes stopping far short of condemning nazi/alt-right. Its hard to not offend his base & focus on golf!
The toxic tainted idiocy & broken souls that once were KKK scourge of DemParty. Now fully enabled inside AltGOP called WHITESIS.
AltOwnsThis
Well. Not silent anymore. Donni just called it sad!
The growth from toxic seeds planted in the Birtherism idiocy fully sprouting now.
Sadly freedom of speech gives even haters a voice today.
It surely isn't the Russians that organised the whole thing?
NEO Nazi commits act of terror just like ISIS in France and EU
SERIOUS INJURIES reported after car plows through crowd at #UniteTheRight protest. Reports #antifa caused accident.
As usual, DJT, will let things stew, until he MUST RESPOND. then he will make excuses & say hollow words to blind his worshippers again.
Hmmm, seems like all those voices that shouted down the fears of MILLIONS regarding WHITESupremacy idiocy were CORRECT!?
#KoupByKlutzKlanz

He shouts about everything else!
Take a note DT: This is how leaders should condemn the violence in Charlottesville. Not with bland words like "bad" or "sad"
He will have a response n September. Our democracy is at risk as long as t is president.  Republican or democratic find the spine he must go
Jesus wept
Trump didnt start this Senator - the Democrats did! Stop driving the hatred
Sen Leahy, what your party did the last 8 years was racist and fascist. UR Obamoron was the one who started this race problem. So R U!!!!
If people would just ignore him and them, it would end the secondary gains they get and it would all stop.
Doesn't condemn with more than "sad",  bc he, & his "superior genes", is one with these wussies.  Zieg Heil, Cheetolini LAZY BOY!  
oh really and tell me where was your outcry for the violence from the alt left, antifa and BLM groups   SHAMEFUL!
Once he & his followers commit a coupe, you can't impeach him then - and then what can history say but that you were party to his coupe!
Lol, fail post, nice try though
What silence, he has commented. Silence sounds more like Obama.
Don't remember you saying anything with #BLM Riots & Cop Shootings! When you wearing your KKK hood Trump got awards from Jesse Jackson
I posted about that as well! Its telling! He has no intention of being a true president.t for ALL of us!
#Charlottesville If only there was some Constitutionally-defined method or process to rid ourselves of the catalyst for all this hate.
He has already BEEN defined.
Oh... these racist riots only can be fake news, he will say tomorrow... did fox report on it? No? Breitbart? No? Then for trump...
It cannot be facts...
POTUS has already tweeted and denounced.
UR still a liar like most of the Leftists
You ppl clueless !!!
Stop being delusional Trump didn't write that tweet!
How do you know. He tell you!!
That's not his style of writing! Stop being thick!
Maybe someone is keeping an eye on him Hey listen.I don't believe in any of these groups animales all of them Just leave our history alone.
Now you are not making any sense! If someone is keeping an eye on him then he shouldn't fuckin' be prez!
Referring to Tweeting!!   Obama shouldn't have been president!! @ obama we have this issue w/noko. He did nothing.. jive president!!
Your Obama obsession to cover Trump's stupidity is laughable and desperate. Makes no sense!
He just tweeted out ppl

So was Obama's silence unless it invoked people of color.
Trump's silence is deafening.  He's probably on the golf course trying to think of even more saber rattling Tweets.

Senator why are neo Nazis employed in the White House? Why consider any nominee any bill - not anything  until Gorka Bannon Miller are gone?

Because he's loving this shit!
Then do something about it. The fact that none of you raise loud voices is shameful.
same place @BarackObama was when Ferguson, Baltimore and #BLM were rioting
Yes, but YOUR voice rings clear and good ,people like you, who citizens have elected,make us so proud, Senator Leahy!
It is dispictable! He is the poorest excuse for a president the US has ever seen. IMPEACH TRUMP!!
America deserves better then Donald Trump.
America needs to impeach and remove Donald Trump.

Immediately.
Shameful, but sadly not surprising.
he's gotta be careful not to alienate his base, right? 

With all due respect Senator .the deafening silence of Congress in general concerning Trumps removal is shameful ,disgraceful and defining
These ppl r his base. His silence is his approval
Was he as quiet last month in Hamburg? 
Lol let the man get all the facts first. Fake news has delayed real news.
1:20 p.m. And 45* finally speaks.
And NOT SURPRISING to the MAJORITY of Americans who VOTED FOR @HillaryClinton
What majority? Unregistered voters in California and elsewhere. Ask Bernie how HRC can count ballots?
Trump is SATAN! He can NOT reply! Trump provoked the RIOTS! SATAN & TRUMP Are the "Authors of CONFUSION!"
Maybe he knows his time is almost up and is giving up on trying to seem a real Pres. We know he doesn't really care.
Yes sir it is. Impeach his ass

Him focus on protecting our national security is as defining as your race baiting, do you have a plan for America yet?
Maybe @realDonaldTrump was too busy writing a thank-you letter to Putin for cutting the payroll to notice fascists marching in his name.
Agree 1000%  #WorstPresidentEver
are you #impeaching already?
#realdonaldtrumpisanazi
Get the SWAMP drained & terminate every last vile SWAMP CREATURE NOW  !  No time to waste!!!
Are you kidding? why'd he condemn it? he is celebrating, his base/out in force walking the evil line in his name? this, he wouldn't condemn!
...sorry, Jeff, but I hardly think this re-tweet helps things, unless it made you feel better. Fuel not helping this.
http://Unicornriot.com . Paint the right as white supremacists & bus in BLM. Classic race bait. America getting played. Define that

Then he should be censored and removed for incitement during the Election & his silent complicity now. Get on it, Congress!
He's busy golfing at his alt-right golf resort. 
He really wants to get his own sheet and  torch, he is a racist too!
Dude, his dog whistle skills are phenomenal. He's in on it, you dolt.
Someone didn't pay his wireless service bill.  I'm sure he is fixing that right now.
Totally DEFINING, it's an embarrassment to this wonderful country. It's no wonder, when examples are set by a few in the WH.
Thank you, Senator. Respectfully ask @SenatorFischer @SenSasse to denounce this hate, too. #Charlottesville @OWHnews #NebraskaNice
Let's stop separating him from his actions, he is shameful, his actions are the evidence
Thank you
The silence from fake prez is deafening. His wife has tweeted about the importance of freedom of speech. This has been hate speech .Illegal
'15, as private citizen, I spoke out against the bigotry of #LeeJacksonDay in #Charlottesville cost me my job @NBC29
He has a crazy Korean dictator to deal with-- more media matters paid violence is not important
@realDonaldTrump @GOP @SenateDems @AP @CNN @ABC @FoxNews @nytimes Congress-America will never be great unless our race problems R addressed
So true!
He is a despicable human being
@MalcolmNance R U guys crazy? @realDonaldTrump can't B bothered 2 respond 2 #Charlottesville He is very busy PLAYING GOLF!
