The US is not a science hostile government and please don't bring up the fake climate change stuff again
The same scientists said we were going in to a new ice age back in the 70s and they said it was a fact
The idea that puny little humans can control the climate is the height of arrogance. It's all about the money and that's it
If you think we are so powerful. Next time there is a hurricane go tell it to stop and see what happens
Ok what's your base line. How many natural disasters were there in the year AD 900. Or how about AD 1000 or mabey AD 536
This tweet would make sense if you weren't referring to an non-scientific claim that can't be proven.
Please look up analytical vs descriptive science.  And yes there are proofs in science.  See mathematics.
I'd better tell the mathematical science department at my school
Climate on this earth of ours has changed for millions of years. You need to show that it is caused by humans. So far, you failed
That's right @nicknouri2 & @neiltyson! Global warming is hoax from China. Smart people know education and science is being FAKE NEWS. Grammar are bad two..Don't believe them rediculous things found in them college books and science lectures. SAD.

Well according to you, we are a science hostile government!?
Obamacare
$20 trillion in debt 
Weakened military
Ur right, Thanks Obama!
And none of those things have anything to do with Science
Obamacare = failed health 
Debt = failed wealth 
Weakened military = failed security 
You liberals aren't the brightest are ya??
How is the military weak when we spend the most out of the whole world on it? The debt is from bailing out the corporations
Kory, the source of our national debt is public knowledge.  Our debt is mostly driven by Social Security, Medicaid and Medicare.
But trump, the science denier, said we'd be tired of winning!! Im tired of losing and terrified of what's coming under his insane leadership
Yet current media manipulation has brought questions to reliability to talking points being pushed in any topic.
I have one solution: Warren/Tyson 2020
I prefer Tyson/Nye
Tyson/Holyfield was my favorite
Now I am imagining bill Nye and de grasse Tyson boxing.  LoL
Me too, it's weird.
...i.e., the US in the hands of this crime syndicate. #TrumpRussia #TrumpCrimeSyndicate
Great. I present to you any and every Muslim-controlled nation.  Take your pick.
You've proven you are one by your response. Go live with them like I have. You'll change your ignorant tune quickly enough - if you survive.
It's like you know us or something...
Rock on Neil. These worms are on a short leash! I hope.
In other words, America.

Since he organized a mass prayer to bring rain to Texas, everything is possible when it comes to Rick!
well I tell you what , that drought was getting very severe , and guess what ?? It rained like crazy and in 5 months water levels ok now
Yep, it took the prayer 168 days to be heard. It rained on Oct. 09, 2011. I don't agree with Politicians who abuse faith, and deny science.
ok , you are speaking of a different time then , the latest drought ended maybe a year or two ago , and it was a bad one , 6 year drought
Modern science is way overrated
Yes!! Why is our government so afraid of science and facts? We are failing our younger generations by compromising on a top notch education
It's by design. Uneducated people don't fact check, vote against their own vest interest, and rich people need SOMEONE to work for them
Yup. They're called "Democrats."
Alow me to introduce you to the Trump administration...
I'd say, "...failing health, wealth, security, Education, and Foresight."
America?
and religious as hell. .
Almost seems like you're talking about here in Brazil, unfortunatelly =/
It feels like he should have added "if you think this is about you, it probably is"
Indeed! 
Blowing all those billions on the World Cup and Olympics probably isn't helping either...
Don't tell me about it. And this is actually small compared to all other corruption cases we're finding here.
I wish more people would care about corruption up here. Unfortunately too many people want to shoot the whistleblower...
Are you from USA?
Every country in south america...
We were where you are you shall over come.
So true; sad but true...
There ispeople who wake upwith what they thought the day might be like However there is Scientist that have proof of what it was really like
The wealthiest 1% hold how much of the worlds wealth? 
Show me a picture of Neil deGrasse Tyson and I'll show you a guy who's full of himself!
Venezuela?
Last time I checked, evolution was being taught in high school, how exactly is this "a science hostile government"?
Here's a checklist with a few other markers.
Science is cool but politicized science is dangerous
Politics going against Science is even more dangerous, a worldwide threat.
When they come for our science.....it becomes political.
Dems: Our science 
Reps: Our Christ
Why does it have to be this way? I'm a science believing, unsure about afterlife believing, Rep.... Lol
Because Republican politicians as a rule don't accept science. That denial is among the biggest threats to the human species.
SCIENCE IS GOD!
Yes you could say that !  They definitely are Not Enemies
@booher_kenneth
.Too bad you pushed Bernie and tweeted Snowden. Lost all respect. But whatever Mr. Science dude
What do either of those things have to do with Science?
Credibility
Ted Nugent was accused of being a pedophile. Does that make his music bad?  There's no equivalence.
It's bloody awful
His music? Did hi sing “Cat Scratch Fever” LMFAO that was the jam 
ancak seni bulduğu zaman; 
memuriyetini bulmuş 
ve 
yaradılışının hikmetine ermiş olur… '
w
Venezuela's governrment has defunded all scientific programs, universities Indeed our health programs, hospitals and basic services r ruined
why
Because they are broke
Same reason Trump defunds EPA, science programs, etc. The idea that science can help you live better is alien to him. Denies global warming
"science-hostile" http://sacredgeometryinternational.com/oops-climate-cultist-destroys-position … -Am*
India!
And I will show a nation that is religious way more than it is normal.
@NamiKim_DogsSK #BanDogMeat #FightDogMeat
Hey Neil, Ask @JackieKrynski about the science behind fucking her boyfriends best friend while her boyfriend is at work. She is an expert.
We're talking India!
yep!
The US contributes .2 cents on the dollar to scientific research - or thereabouts - that seems pretty weak (hostile) to me.
Show me a nation that supports GW/CC and I'll show you a globalists country. I'm for America first every day of the week.
Renaissance II is on its way. This Dark Age II will be over soon.
@algore @BarackObama @BillClinton
büyük sır kapısının önünde 
haber soruşturanların en çilekeşidir; 
w
' ...
Senin, 
insanı kül eden nurunun karşısında 
her ân 
birbirinden yeni ve ileri olarak tecelli etmesi gereken, 
sadece san’atkârdır, 
w
https://farisii.files.wordpress.com/2009/03/hamit-aytac-22.jpg …
https://twitter.com/13anqa/status/768399766061473792 …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95wsVZDMvGs …

Oof low blow.... low blow.
The only "science" this dude knows about is how to get grant money for his bullshit TV and radio shows http://www.haydenplanetarium.org/tyson/curriculum-vitae#grants …
Dude is one of the smartest ppl on the planet so...
san’at ruhuna mâlik fikir adamı… 
San’atkâr ki, 
seslerin ipekten vücudunu meshederek 
ve 
renklerin ateşten nabzını sayarak,
w
Neil are you referring to United States of America by any chance???
Fen dûşmânnı'ı di'e bişi' yoq, Erkan;
fen, 
haddini bilcek - ûqelaa dünbelekli'i yapmicek,
hepsi bu.
w
The same people who say gender is fluid or gender is whatever u say it is?
That's a hell of a reach & you wouldn't be spouting that tired line if you actually knew about the complexities of gender & sex and genetics
If I have multiple personality disorder it doesn't mean I am actually multiple people, same thing if I'm a man and think I'm a woman
Intersex conditions have nothing to do with what what they were referring to.
This is nature, there is only supposed to be male and female, anything else is a disorder and not normal
The fucks have hijacked our govt and the media is failing in its duty to report
Tiny brain
not fully evolved...scientific anomaly
Genetically flawed
I know - thinking of how Obama and Hillary went around promoting fracking and TPP.  Despite the climate change catastrophe we are facing...
yeah because not doing enough to fight man made climate change is equivalent to denying its existence... makes sense.
yeah because all we have to do is fight the guy denying it, not the guy who is doing it anyway for profits ... makes sense
are you claiming the Obama administration did nothing to fight man made climate change? If so, use google
did nothing significant.  and if you think differently, use google.
I did an entire research project on the Obama administration & climate change. He devoted more resources to it than any other leader.
Yeah - natural gas development is brilliant for climate change.  CH4 is so much better than CO2.   20 years more of it and we're all fucked
Well let's focus on what to do now. The earth deserves that.
Yeah, but if the world went renewable tomorrow, Saudi Arabia would be Somalia by year's end.
US foreign policy is nothing if not predictable. If there were precious commodities on Korean peninsula we'd have been there already.
Mainly oil, but any resource that corporations find valuable. It's the classic "follow the money"
Hey, it can even be fruit!
North Korea is pretty interested in the science of nuclear weapons but they are backwards as can be. Critical issue is freedom, not science
Agreed, just think the whole #marchforscience was silly. Gov't is no more anti-science today than before. Differing political preferences
Seems that way. Previous adminstration had more heart and care for mother earth and climate change.
Have you looked around we have entered the period of societal downfall like the Romans. History tends to repeats itself.
Show me a Nation that hates God and I'll show you a Nation going to hell
Trump is not smart enough to understand Neil deGrasse Tyson.  We are doomed unless he can be IMPEACHED.
You mean like the USA?
@RepMcClintock Yep, my representative Tom McClintock is anti science, anti women, shoves HIS religion on me,  loves MONEY
Your Science looks more and more like vulgarization and propaganda, like our news Media ... Sad ...
Our govt is looking for gold in cow urine and trying to create perfect "Aryan" babies by telling couples when to have sex. Nuff said
Amen!
That nation is probably an oligarchy.
I wish I was less at-the-ready for such a presentation.
Show me a nation that actually elects the current admin, and I'll show you former students who probably didn't read much.
No need to show us, we're living in it
Bang! The sound of hitting the nail square on the head!  *applause*
Never better said Mr. Tyson........
Saudi Arabia
Haha you mean like america with the hostike scientists
@jes_chastain
And that would be most of Europe nowadays.
"Science" or "Religion" can be used for both good and bad .. GOOD science and GOOD religion are NOT mutually exclusive but complimentary
In your spare time, could you & your buddies work on one of these?
So you mean the USA? Right, got it.
Show me a scientist who calls skepticism ignorance, and I'll show u an activist and not a scientist. https://twitter.com/Xservativestalk 
I'm not sure there are any "science hostile Nations" .. Are there any ?? I can't think of any
Greed and power enabled by greed seem to be the direction of our country now days. So sad.
Show me a society with failing morals, education, & security and I'll show you a Nation with a religion-based government.
Show me a nation that invented penicillin telephones nuclear energy and moon landings and I will show you... The United States
Welcome to the USA and Australia
Democrats are science deniers when it comes to the laws of economics and natural laws of human nature.  @CatoInstitute @libertarianism
GOP voodoo economics like phony trickle down are the reason the rich have everything today. Hint: it never trickles down.
Sure, because the economy didn't prosper under Reagan... #jimmycarterdoubledigitinflation&interest #Obama$19trillionnationaldebt
GOP never gets credit for improving the economy, because when there is a surplus, we vote in Dems to spend on social programs.
Dr. Tyson, that quote increases my esteem for you after your vicious, unreasonable, unprovoked, stupid & evil verbal assault on kitties!
North Korea
sounds like the us right now
Which nation ISN'T science-hostile? Not many in my experience.
@realDonaldTrump

The USA?
EVERYTHING ELSE CAME INTO BEING. The Almighty ALWAYS WAS IS WILL BE. Yo choose. He placed LOVE all around you. The Chief Scientist. ELOHIM.
Not replying to you. In reply to a commenter on your page. I'll learn to use Twitter properly.
@Reid_CO soon
@Brimshack Yep that's up. Thanks home schoolers.
Just look at U.S
Soon in Italy

@epa @EPAScottPruitt @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems  What next? Burn scientists at the stake? #NOTNORMAL #censorship
I agree, Neil. You only missed the education failing too
Let's get NASA back... Oh Trump is doing that...
plsnget this to media and save our country it's being taken over by trunk & his #gangstalkers that how won #election #Morgellons
even the North Koreans want the scientists to build their missiles to destroy earth! 
Our nation is not just science hostile, its hostile to everything except cows
Soviet union? Maos China? Pol pots Cambodia? All based on autistic Marxist science.

Just look at the Australian gov. Cut funding from the Csiro ,climate deniers & support the fossil fuel industries while opposing renewables
Scary and accurate
Really saddening actually to see people believe science & space exploration is useless.
Venezuela, for example.
Don't you live in one of those nations?
México. :(
Show me a nation with politicized science and I'll show you a scientific dictatorship
Welcome to America, Dr. Tyson! The US used to be a leader in sci research, but then so did the Muslims, once. #religiondoesnothinggood
check  check  check  check
Show me a Nation with a science-hostile government, and I'll show you a banana republic.
Look out the door
Apparently we're a Nation of laws, just not Scientific Law.
Show me a nation run by democrats and I'll show you a society with failing health, wealth, & security and massive debt.
Man is not capable of changing the climate only God can do that. We have no control. What ended the ice age ?
Global warming was changed to climate change to better suit the fable.
Bingo, Neil!! We suck right now...

Just like Oz it's already a backwater
Only good news......Trump is a temporary condition. Hopefully GOP is also. @DemGovs @NancyPelosi @SenateDems need support
You're the true lord of all religions. Bless my soul with the audio commentary of Cosmos.
