 Guys whenever u r depressed LISTEN to this n shed tears u ll feel gr8  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=nSdLBBMGAuA …   
Those fucking bigots where encouraged by Trump! An innocent woman's dead because of him!

When I think of this story, it breaks my heart  #Charlottesville will never repeat itself.  For affliction shall not rise agn the 2nd time.
an example of the woman's war on men:)
Heather Heyer you embolden us to march, to stand up and speak out. You will forever be in our hearts as we continue to move forward in hope
I perceive the wonderful beauty in the eyes of this young lady freedom fighter, and martyr and may it incite our passion  to defeat Trump
Can we show love and respect Heather's memory today. Lets all show more love and acceptance. There is one race. The Human Race
We Must fight racism in all shapes,fight hate & fight discrimination and united good people in world together, because this is not easy job.
..if she had just stayed home and minded her own business, Heather Heyer would be alive today. Ignore your enemy and they become irrelevant.
All this protesting by either side helps nothing and no one. Just #bored #unemployed #losers with nothing #productive ot do. #getalife
This picture should be in the dictionary under senseless killing
Yes

Never to be forgotten lets join together in a memorial in her honor and the ongoing fight against bigotry
Don't forget, Rep. Keith Kempenich of North Dakota tried to make it harder to prosecute a crime like this in Feb.:
Any candles or marches for Christians in the ME? Victims in Europe? Probs not from da sistas
RIP Heather, heroine and humanist x
Che pena
We shall never forget Heather wrong place at the wrong time Rip we pray for you and your family Heather 
So sad  #RipHeatherHeyer
People who make excuses for these types of groups empower them.  It has to stop.  Deflecting blame to others is smoke and mirror technique.
Live by hate, die by hate
Oh snap!
As tasteless as that might be, truth hurts. And in this case, kills.
Showed up 2provoke violence! Violence is what she got? #Antifa & her involvement is the Cause 4her death she should of honored #FreeSpeech
She Died for Being Stupid! The Group had a License by Supreme court to Protest against removal of historic statue;) She & #Antifa thugs 1/2
Its good you represent that poor girl, I'd really appreciate you marching for raped young girls of muslim grooming gangs, if you have time.
The statue was taken down. Precisely what struggle are you talking about?
"Struggle"
Him and pence sounded so disingenuous as usual,  how anyone still supports or defends this clown is beyond me
Absolutely it is, that whole administration should be tried for treason
What struggle? This white girl was just in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Ramzpaul's videos may give you some insights into the so called "alt-right"
Dump that terrorist Sarsour b*tch if you want your struggle to be legit

I could say a whole lot more but I won't.

I hope #Charlottesville renames the square with the Lee statue after #HeatherHeyer
We're killing each other over statues? Talk about divide & conquer. Wake up people.
SAD THAT THIS PERSON ALONG WITH THE REST OF THE OTHER PROTESTERS PUT A $15-$18 PER HOUR PRICE ON THEIR LIVES TO GO AND INSTIGATE VIOLENCE
Racists suck. AntiFA is attracting too many good people into armed conflict.
She died in the commission of a crime blocking a street
Sadly, in 2017, we need a new giant civil rights march on Washington.
White Supremacy has come to the White House.
What struggle? Doris was paying her to be there.
Soros
Another True American Killed in a continuing Trump's Racist Bigoted White Supremacists Klu Klux Klan Nazi Hate Evil Regime Administration!

https://www.facebook.com/newlypress/videos/1868622340068805/ …
So heartbreaking...
bringing guns to a rally and committing acts of violence  arn' t free speech. Those Ville pukes should be in jail.
RIP Heather :-((
RIP
I am so very sorry.
Get your facts straight - New video emerges of Heather attempting murder of the scared young driver first!
Republican Party Is Just As Responsible For The Charlottesville Massacre. Moderate Republican Voters Now Calling Themselves Independents.
May she rest in peace.
Sorry but everyone that was at the Charlottesville gathering black or white, they're all bunch of idiots.
My condolences  to her family
Hero in my eyes

Heather Heyer died fighting Nazis in America, 72 yrs after WW II.  Heather, our hero. Anne would be proud.
I woke up this morning feeling terrible for this poor girl. Thought of my mom & gma then could hear them say "She shouldna been out there"
Leftists threw rocks at the car first, caused the driver to go crazy.  Her blood is on YOUR HANDS.
RIP brave lady
Absolutely be kind ,in the face of evil
The only reason u care is cuz she's a woman, if it was a white guy, u wouldn't give two fucks
more about heather heyer #Charlottesville
Was she murdered by a Hateful Republican?
Heather Heyer RIP beautiful one who stood  up for her beliefs #Charlottesville
A year from now, If Heather Heyer is not regarded as an important martyr, we will have lost. That must not happen! #HeatherHeyer

Do they have the death penalty in Virginia?
Heather, you never met me, but I will never forget you!  You are a shining example for how we should all lead our lives.  Sleep easy, angel.
@TaranKillam it's time for another march! When?
Yes let's remember her but let's not remember her MORE than the black women who have given their lives. We white women tend to forget that.
She was my age. I don't like what the world is becoming.
Police told to stand down... Enough said on who is responsible
Just a bunch of balloons...
I agree completely. However, they are a bunch of losers who would March with a group picketing coffee because it's too brown.

R.I.P

"These things need better security". This is what they are aiming for. The imposition of "emergency measures". The next step to autocracy.
Ugh :(
May her memory be eternal. #RipHeatherHeyer
Sending our condolences to the family and friends of this brave lady, from the UK. We are all thinking of you during this sad time...
May she rest in peace. This saddens me so much... How on Earth this can happen in a democracy in 2017 !
#HeatherHeyer #Charlotesville
Murdered by a Nazi terrorist. :-(
Remember her name, and let her murderer rot in prison, and have his name forgotten.
She died bescause devout racist antifa and black lives assholes started throwing rocks at peaceful protesters.
Dried up ovaries, Netfix account & a pill habit?
#Putinbot

Why don't liberals call out ANTIFA?
She was a victim of nazi terrorism. RIP Heather

We remember her, honor her and are fueled for the fight against the hate
If you're not outraged , you're not paying attention..... Rip #HeatherHeyer
@realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr Your rhetoric to get what YOU wanted led to this. Your words are empty, we need action!
Rest in Peace.
Yes! Justice will prevail despite all.
Here's the gofundme page for #HeatherHeyer family https://www.gofundme.com/our-sisters-keeper-heatherheyer …
It's listed as "complete and no longer active" after raising over ***$200,000*** What was description of fund? Funeral expenses? Charity?
It was 9 hours ago, before they reached thEir goal
I know. That's why I was hoping you could answer my question.
From what I read, funds go to her family/estate. It's probably too soon for the family to decide :(
Ok, thanks! Want to be prepared to deal w/trolls. Whatever family decides, may it bring tidal change & her memory be a blessing forever.

@realDonaldTrump is the reason for #CharlottesviilleVA https://twitter.com/owenbernard/status/896402545387745284 …
Maybe @realDonaldTrump should be charged as an accessory to murder
Awful. Using a death like that to spread your BS.
Shame.
What struggle? The one were you refuse free speech? Were u cover ur faces and throw bottles? U r not innocent
I truly hope she becomes the symbol for our struggle. She's a hero in my eyes.
you keep spewing hate, resist, obstruct, support radicals but sure  SMH
So why didn't you speak out and be so empathetic toward this man who was killed  & his family & community?? https://twitter.com/ten_gop/status/896932568427352069 …
Because a DEM killed a @GOP doenst quite fit their narrative.
RIP to her on this day. My condolences and sympathy go out.
Time to March against hatered fueled by @realDonaldTrump  Take back our Country
RIP 
Rest in peace. Thank you for believing
What side was she on?
#HeatherHeyer
This act of racism, bigotry & hate should not happen in 2017 or ever! Even worse is @realDonaldTrump lack of response in #Charolettesville
He did respond. It just wasn't the response you wanted to hear. You all will rage no matter what he says.
The time is now to spread this...

God bless her.
Es malo para la humanidad dejar a estas acemilas sueltas.  A ver los americanos eligen bien la próxima vez a su Presidente
So sad we have Americans killing Americans. So sad.
They didn't escalate the situation. And this is what happens when you go confronting groups of people. Violence.
Il est si facile d'haïr, mais pourtant, quel bonheur d'aimer !
Shouldn't have gone to confront a group holding a protest. Let them protest and then let them leave. Can't force your beliefs on people.
R.I.P Heather!

One thing for goddamn sure. #HeatherHeyer did not die for #GOPRacism. Heather Heyer died BECAUSE of #GOPRacism. #VoteOutGOP #RESISTANCE
Very sorry that she was murdered. But what "struggle" did she die for? Sorry to say this, but she stood up for basically nothing.


She marched. They ran her down.
Such a nice http://lady.buy  no killing plz ..u cn protest..but no killing.
Me encanta que los yankees se masacren entre ellos.
Toda la mierda que se quede ahí adentro.
I hate we had to loose someone. Her death will inspire many, she made her mark. A true inspiration! RIP Heather & thanks fighting for all!
God be with her...


#we_will_never_forget_you

RIP
I like you...
She was murdered in cold blood and we will fight for #JUSTICE-
RIP Heather.
They should her up to replace lee she is a real hero who sacrificed her life for justice for all not some my sympathy for her family
RIP


let's all change our cover photo in solidarity. #belikeheather
A hero that should be remembered forever.
#HeatherHeyer died for her country. Let's erect a statue to HER She Died for Her Country | Think Anew, Act Anew
RIP #HeatherHeyer Deepest condolences to her family, friends and neighbors. #CharlottesvilleStrong
#agentprovocateur
Our Condolences to her entire family
Q: why was she there? A: same reason everyone else was, to fight.
White on white crimes smh terriost
people should refuse to die
Rest In Peace, beautiful HEATHER! We will never forget!
I believe ignoring is what led to a little thing called World War 2. Do not ignore, stand up to them
lol you think I misplaced an analogy?! You, sir, have misplaced your history lessons
A white woman victim of #WhiteSupremacists terrorism #Charolettesville
Rest in peace, Heather. Prayers for your family and friends.
This is because President Bannon is in charge of Trump and the white house. Should not be in this country in 2017
We need a Heather Heyer Love  rally!!
#Putinbot
My condolences to this beautiful woman's family. 
Heather Heyer is an American hero. May her memory be a blessing.
Why was she there? Was she a paid actress? Follow the money
https://charlotte.craigslist.org/tfr/d/actors-and-photographers/6253305119.html …
Remember #HeatherHeyer loved Bernie Sanders. Berniecrats fight fascism. Third Way & Peter Daou go too far opposing #MedicareForAll. #Enough
She was the victim of a tertorist attack. This needs to end.
Terrorist attack - my heart is heavy

:(
Hey, how about the Robert E. Lee statue be removed and replaced with a memorial of Heather and police officers who died?!
I love this idea.
Agreed. Interesting video on the alt right playbook here:
It only ends if he goes!  Impeach now!
The Left is just as violent and destructive
Must demand firing of Bannon, Miller and Gorka.  Nothing less
 gonna be good times. Debbie Wasserman Schultz will the first to be arrested then will go from there. Enjoy 
May you Rest In Peace Heather.
Ur death will never be forgotten and ur life and what u stood for. My heart goes out to Heather's family and friends.im so sorry for ur loss
May your death not be in vain.  Pray that it sparks an awakeninv and change in our nation.
