How does a group who protest for pro choice, cheer for childhood death and misery?
Because they don't REALLY care about pro life. It's just a platform to get votes.
Because it's really only about punishing women for having sex.
No, it's about careless women taking responsibility for their own actions. Why should tax payers be responsible?
I'm sorry - how many women do you know got pregnant on their own?? But you'll punish the kids for sins of their parents by gutting Medicaid?
Again! Responsibility. Contraception. If you can't afford to raise a baby on your own dime, use protection!
If a women is not responsible screw the child she has right?The innocent child has 2 pay 4 irresponsible parent?Let me guess ur a christian
Let the woman carry two jobs like half of America does. I'm sick of careless lazy ppl sucking our system dry
I was a poor kid, am now a teacher of poor kids- the best thing a kid can have is a regular family doctor. It pays for itself 100 times over
That is just the part that these folks do not understand.  Healthy kids and families makes for a better country and SAVES $$$$.  Simple.
But Katie,  the #GOP doesn't give a rip about healthy kids& families & a better country. They only care abt $$$$$ in their pocketses.. #Evil
Just like the Dems "care" about children, just not unborn children.
When you criminalize abortion, what will the penalty be for the mothers and doctors who continue to do it? Because that will happen.
I didn't say criminalize it, but there should be limits. Limits on what stage? Google partial birth abortion. It's legal. And horrifying.
Is it your body? Is it your child? And when it gets here will the GOP give it and its mom welfare, Medicaid, or food to survive? Heck No!
With all of the available birth control methods that cost pennies on the dollar these days there, is no excuse. Period.
Does it fail the aborted children??
And Dems don't care about children INSIDE the womb.
"But Obama is a Muslim so hey better for our kids to die than THAT" .... smh. Republicans have failed America.
than what sally?
Than having a "Muslim" in their WH. According to them, of course.
Obama care is a joke, this new one seems to be a bigger joke. Doesn't matter who the president is until med industry reforms they all suck
Obamacare worked until dt fkd it by messing with ins company's ask people who used it no guess!
OCare never worked. My sister, who lives check to check, went from being able to get care for her and two boys to not able to afford it.
The bill fails us all Oppose the .@GOP  #AmericanDEATHCAREact
Don't those old guys who wrote this have grandchildren. They should be ashamec.
Probably why all this 'deciding' went on behind closed doors.  Isn't that how cowards operate?
Wow! I can't believe how some women treat other women. These comments..Yikes.
The GOP can't see Americans need access to health care.  2018 is right around the corner - the target is on YOUR back now. Carry on, Fools.
Yes, in fact it fails almost everyone. But it is so much better than before!
What do they know about health care and children?
They're trying to control the birth rate of blacks Latinos the poor they'll probably bring China rule 1 / black Latino & poor only many neo
...and it fails adults too.  It fails everyone.
They should threaten the Senators the way AARP did!!!
The bill fails America
One things for sure, the @GOP needs to drop that whole "We're a Christian Nation" b.s. this is straight outta Hitlers playbook.
I agree this plan is a farce, but you're seriously mocking what the ppl Hitler murdered went through. I wish ppl would stop it.
How much do they contribute to the @GOP anyway? #expendable
@PattyMurray Please save our care
@realDonaldTrump Have you no heart????? What if this included your precious grandchildren?? @IvankaTrump read this & talk to your father 
One question I have; where is McConnell hiding. He can author a bill that will hurt so many and will not defend it. #coward
@KatrinaNation That "pro-life" (anti-woman) crowd keeps showing themselves.
This is on the level of famine in Africa, the Great London Plague.
GOP: Mission Accomplished
So what? They'll all be dead when the atmosphere burns away
Fails them or kicks them to the curb?
We're better off with no replacement rather than a bill for enrichment of the very wealthy
Not to mention humanity
@sebroche GOP to the American Academy of Pediatrics: "we don't care if kids live or die".
Do Trumpkins understand The GOP cares about no common folk and they are part of that demographic. Their future too ,will be forfeited
Where is the outrag r from the pro lifers??
Pro life my ass! Unpresidented
More necessary stats for @TheDemocrats  to know & explain to constituents & MSM.
This feels just like pre-election...all the dire warnings of things to come from reliable sources...and the train keeps heading for cliff..

BUT NOT INSURERS ET AL:
The pres fails the US, so there is that
They're not, "pro life".. Pro life is against war, the death penalty, anything that affects human life. These Bozos are "pro opportunists"
The Repubs don't care about that. Children don't vote in Republican primaries. 
Children, Veterans, Seniors, poor, women ... but hey, the rich and healthy are all good.
Oh yeah? Well what the hell do they know! *sigh*
This says it all. You are actively endangering Americans, including children! How can you live with yourself, @SenateMajLdr ?
CONGRESS even if you lack compassion listen to people who have some.
These r your constituents, sick babies, children, disabled, elderly.
I am already hurting for those babies with cancer! The worst thing I read! And they did this garbage behind close  doors! Its Trash!
@GOP "But it cuts taxes!" and that's all that really matters to them.
Just like the GOP has failed America
Q for ACA & now AHCA, why are we putting the burdens on the taxpayers & poor? Cost of HC can be reduced on the provider side!
It's fails all just 48% don't know it.
Who will help pay for my grandson's 2nd open heart surgery next year? Who will help pay for speech therapy? Certainly not Mitch McConnell.
Yes, yes. okay...it fails children. But you have to see the other side: a fifth mansion for the Best People, who are superior because rich!
 HIS PRESIDENCY fails AMERICA
GOP trying to be penny pinching sabotaging the bill
RT @kylegriffin1: American Academy of Pediatrics: "The bill fails children."
@ChelseaClinton  BULL. Plenty of help for children.
They hate for someone else to get something for a little, that they themselves are able to pay a lot for.
Pediatricians. What do they know about children's health? Next you losers will want to ask climatologists what to do about global warming.
No compassion at all!!! 
@SenateGOP and @HouseGOP only care about children in the womb and as a way to suppress women. Once born they don't care.
This bill KILLS children. And old people. And veterans . Basically anyone not named Trump
Da! it fails everyone, women,children,people with disabilities, basically everyone except the richest of the rich
I hope the first children it fails are @realDonaldTrump's, @SpeakerRyan's and @SenateMajLdr's grandchildren.
Gov involvement in healthcare fails, & impoverishes, millions of children whose parents are taxed to pay for it. They're never mentioned.
@Avik thoughtful enough?
Republicans would not allow representatives of health care in hearings on the bill, and so now we all get to hear their reactions.
Young parents will have to choose bankruptcy or medical for their children. Back to the days of needless childhood death.
DONT SAY, YOU DONT HAVE TIME FOR THAT MUCH RESEARCH & READING, YOURE ON SOCIAL MEDIA LONG ENOUGH TO READ THIS CRAP, YOU CAN DO YOUR RESEARCH
FOLLOWERS NEED TO STOP BELIEVING THE FEAR MONGERING BS & DO THEIR OWN READING ON THE BILL, INSTEAD OF TAKING SOMEONES WORD ON SOCIAL MEDIA!!
WHEN WE FAIL OUR CHILDREN ;AND THEY SUFFER EVEN ONE DAY; IT IS A SIN !WE ARE TURNING OUR BACK ON GOD!
If you vote for this bill don't ever call your self Pro-Life ever fucking again.
Trump doesn't care about children not even his own except Ivanka and he just wants to FUCK  her!! SAD AND DISGUSTING!
@lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins - please vote NO on this abomination of a bill!
@physicianwomen we are calling it the #AmericanDeathCareAct #ADCA #TrumpNoCare
"You have failed this city." ~ G. Arrow
Pssh, clearly this group has a bias toward the well-being of children, we should hear from an anti-child group and find truth in the middle
The Republican Party has decades of experience ignoring doctors, notably the American College of Obstetricians & Gynecologists.
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan AMERICAN ACADEMY OF PEDIATRICS....this is your legacy. Are you proud?
.@SenatorCollins Please detail AHCA coverage 4 Maine’s children including cuts & exemptions until 2027 @SenAngusKing @SenMajLdr @SenSchumer
Can never understand how people can worship fetuses yet seemingly despise fully realized children.
Yes, the "precious" lives of the unborn aren't so "precious" once they're here. That's the problem w/GOP, always in conflict w/own ideals 
I think the main goal is to kill us all of except rich white people.
It fails everyone including the rich...ask Marie Antoinette what happens when the poor feel beaten down enough
Be more foreceful. It *kills* children
The GOP does not care about children, the elderly, the poor, the minorities, women....oh and the middle class... << #justsaying
I can't believe Chelsea is even retweeting this guy. If this is who she gets info from, well enough said.
@ChelseaClinton Sad and mean
@senrobportman this bill fails children says America's pediatrician. What do you say?
Poor children. Meh.
As a member of the AAP, this bill as written is devastating to children.
literally everyone with a brain opposes this but the GOP cares more about tax cuts than people living
2many w/o the brains don't see maj of GOP policies have substantial conflicts w/in their own ideals!
@realDonaldTrump @RepMarthaRoby you know, poor kids like in ALABAMA
Time to open those big state homes back up. If mom has to work to feed other kids, she's faced with "Sophie's choice."
Hmm. It almost seems as if the GOP is "pro-life" in the sense that it wants to control women's bodies more than it gives a shit about babies
Fuck them. I'll believe they oppose the bill when they start spending tens millions of dollars on ads opposing it.
Pediatrics isn't a lucrative field of medicine. I doubt they have tens of  millions to spend
Can't imagine anyone really cares.  GOP base is doing just fine and they don't need healthcare. They hated ACA now AHCA is irrelevant.
If it fails our childrens health & wealfare, It then fails our future as a healthy strong viable country
Bc they're not fetuses and in a woman's womb
What about the children of the people who can't afford ACA? Are they important too? Millions of people can't afford ACA.
@ChelseaClinton seriously? It's slowing the growth of Medicaid adjusted for inflation. Dismantling? No one takes u seriously 
Who does this bill not fail? (apart from the rich, obvs)
"children"
#GOP old white guys in stovepipe hats respond: "Bah, humbug"
The men leading our country are Fossils! Trying to turn back the clock.. We need younger, intelegent persons leading this country!
Healthy children and families  will make America great and strong, this bill helps only those who do not need help and our enemies.
@HouseGOP Hear ye hear ye: u r destroying countless lives including children. Don't b that short sighted. They r our future!
The @GOP doesn't care about children
Kyle; It's only a 'bill.' Like your electric 'bill' or your gas 'bill' or your 'fiat' dollar 'bill...'
Yes and women, older ppl, and is a death sentence for sick poor ppl
#OneOfTheMostImportantTweetsOfTheDay
@PattyArquette This breaks my heart. Leaving innocent children without  propper, affordable healthcare is unforgivable.
@nprpolitics @DomenicoNPR any word on lifetime caps or CHIP program with the Senate bill?
Sadly, most docs I know voted for Mr. T.
Fails children, fails women, fails the elderly  and fails the poor. @GOP  Repuglicans dream
GOP doesn't care if health care professionals & voters don't like this bill, because at this rate Rus will be in control of 2018 elect too.
This is so sad all over.
They're GUTLESS...HEARTLESS...&
CHICKENS who Will be OUT OF A JOB!!!
@ToddYoungIN you reading this?
Young is another Trump yes man. Guarantee he votes yes for GOP healthcare bill. Hopefully Indiana voters will make him 1 and done. I will do
@GOP doesn't give a damn about children except when they're attached to the body of a women.
It's just not right. Not what a civilized people would do.
This bill fails everyone. I'm disabled and don't k ow what I'll do
Well children can't vote, and if they could they'd probably vote for Democrats.
But they're prolife. ??
Republicans don't care. They want poor people to die. Their goal is to euthanize everyone they think they have to spend taxes on.
Elderly, disabled, preexisting conditions but not wealthy or insurance companies. They benefit.
Poor children only matter to (R)s when they're in the womb. Post birth it's time to pull yourself up by your bootstraps and get a baby job.
Yep..
The @SenateGOP could care less @AmerAcadPeds
I have 7,grandchildren and I don't want them failed!  Save the ACA!!
Hey, the GOP will protect children until they are born, after that they are on their own..
Only sorta. The only protection they want for fetuses is from abortion.
Yay, right to life crowd. #NotReally
1/ What is that?
CongressRs demand all Pregnancies must end in birth, even @ TheRiskOfDeath of Mom, & want 2 eviscerate MedicalAid 4 Mom & Child
#Maddow
GOP continually push'g policies that contradict their ideals but fly under radar w/these "emotion" driven policies that increase govt power
The conservatives arguaging policy in this conversation are deflecting their do-nothing issues consistently like sour milk.
If there is $0 to pay for this, how does this get fixed? There are may complaints about the bill but I have yet to anyone propose a solution
@RepTomMacArthur You don't care what I have to say so I'm just forwarding this.
@LindseyGrahamSC @MUSC_COM @dariusrucker children in South Carolina deserve healthcare @JohnTecklenburg time for you ALL to speak up!
The House & Senate members should have the same coverage as the rest of the citizens, If so I'm sure a better plan would surface!
what this will do to families is really unimaginable.
it is intended to fail children.
You'd think even republicans would care about poor children.
@RoyBlunt @TomCottonAR @SenateMajLdr @GOP @SenateGOP @marcorubio @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC What are you doing? To get the AAP mad?
Hey @SenToomey and staff - See this from Am. Ac. of Pediatrics? Of course, u did. You don't care. We now know who you truly are.
And.......wait for it......@GOP doesn't care. Don't forget tax cuts for the rich are on the line here. Priorities you know.
How could any normal human being have anything to do with this. Call your Senators 202-224-3121
@ProvaxShill I never thought it would be this bad! I WOULD GLADLY DIE FOR THE PEOPLE AND AMERICA WE RISE AND ROAR!RESISTANCE!
republicans are bought and sold by their capitalist donors and are traitors to the working class they are supposed to represent.
Hahaha...wrong party
@ProvaxShill He is the devil and jared is the ANTICHRIST now do you believe this!
@ProvaxShill fails our people our kids old sick disabled he is declaring war on OUR PEOPLE I hope to god something stops DEVIL
The bill fails "LIFE" period.
I guess we are headed for a #DecreaseTheSurplusPopulation period
And @hospitals4kids agrees https://www.childrenshospitals.org/newsroom/press-releases/2017/childrens-hospitals-call-on-senate-to-protect-kids-and-reject-better-care-reconciliation-act-of-2017 …
Remember the GOP know fewer people fewer voters their ultimate voter suppression.Let the hunger games begin. We've been here.
Bigly!
(1.  I took care of kids w/ developmental delays, autistic, respiratory compromised, feeding tubes, trachs etc. All on Medicaid! These kids
At least 3 senators MUST flip. Step 4ward & do your duty senators. This is only route left b4 u stare political oblivion in the face 
@thegarance   Yes it does but, sadly, so does the @AmerAcadPeds
#Wealthcare
You can be sure that the proposed healthcare bill was written by insurance company lobbyists. Cutting medicaid done by senators.
It will kill children. No care= failure for American family. Why would we worry more about the elite than the. American people? WHY
Of all ages!
I work w poor children.Already have many w inadequate health care. Even if u lack empathy, this will be devastating for future working force
They want slaves again what fing work force this is a surreal experience understand that pls sorry!
GOP call that a success
This bill fails. Period.
Who needs them, right?
It fails everyone in general.
S. H. A. M. E. F. U. L.
