I never watched your show, but can appreciate your standing up for yourself. I wish you well.
Thank u
You're welcome. It made me sad to think about what you and other women go through in tv. Not fair but now it's out there. Maybe change?
I can only hope
Glad you got out. Any book plans in the future? I want the 1st signed copy!
Yes "Be Fierce" avail for pre order now at
Awesome! Can I have a signed copy?
Sure
Miss you on FNC-I cannot believe it's been a year. Still no steady personality at 2pm. You are not easily replaced!
Thank u!
Hi Gretchen, I miss you and your show! I pray that God gives you comfort and strength during your long ordeal!
Thank u
Hope landed on feet. Miss your personality on tube.
Thx
Some of us were right there 2 catch u! U r a brave lady! I have nothing but respect & appreciation 4 u! U r a 1st class hero!
Yes I know thank u
Ur a class act Gretchen... u champion all us women! God bless u!
Thank goodness
The leap u took, opened so many doors for women to walk through, to stand up and speak. It was more important,braver than u will ever know.
Thank u
I supported you, but am getting tired of sexual allegations all over the place.  you opened the door to Pandora's box.  I don't believe all
U r missing the point - it's everywhere thanks
The first time you felt violated
you  could have set Ailes in his place.  Only when your ratings were in the tank did you complain.
What R U going 2 do with all that $$? Might U consider using some of it 2 help other women who suffered like U sexual harrassment
Check out my fund I set up - gift of courage - on my website - and stay tuned for a big announcement this fall thanks
Miss Ur graciousness on Fox. Hope Ur enjoying Ur time off but hope to see U on TV again. Such a great role model.
Thank u
Thank you for your courage in taking that leap of faith and standing in truth. It helped empower many other women.
Thank u
Two daughters in college. You're at top of their list.
Thank u
Courage: being scared to death but saddling up anyway. Leap of faith into the unknown may be the best medicine.
Thank i
Bravo my friend.  Proud of you.
Thank u
You've been an amazing role model of strength, courage, and faith. And your actions have empowered others to step up also! God bless you.
Thanks
Thank u
Your big beautiful brain deserved way better than it got at Fox. I'm a liberal who cringed at F&F but was impressed with your courage.
Thank u!
We all had your back, and holding a string on the parachute !!
Thank u
I did not enjoy your show on FOX. But I respect you immensely for your courage on sexual harassment case. I was shocked you did It! Respect.
Thx
I admire your strength and the strength to do what was right. Best wishes
Thank u
Did you buy a Ferrari? I would buy a Ferrari.
No
You have showed great courage, Gretchen. Only good has, and will, come of the steps you have taken. Take care.
Thank u
Sending you 
Thanks Amy
What is happening in your life now? So much change. Women do need to come forward immediately, even if it means loss of a job. Don't wait!!
Book #BeFierce comes out Oct 17th - started "Gift of Courage" fund
I knew a book would be coming
Wasn't Fox settlement enough?
That picture actually has a terrifying effect...
That's the point
Oh I know, it's just unusual for a picture to create that strong of a reaction
"Jumped off a cliff"? Don't you find that a bit melodramatic?
Nah
Best of luck to you.
What you did helped a lot of women and young girls. Thank you
Girls today are very savvy.
Doubt Gretchen's book will provide them with anything they don't
know already.
Wish you were back on Fox to tell the truth about America. So sick of the anti Americans and globalists
You started a plague of complaints from disgruntled women. You SHOULDN'T be proud of your part in the FOX scandals.
RIP Ailes.. . without him, there'd be no FNC.  Congrat's on the 1st anniv. of your huge pay-off too . . niiiiiiice! ;)
You were sufficiently reimbursed for your torment, as I recall, no?
Jumping off a cliff with a 20 million dollar parachute, #Fearless
Is that your foot and where was this taken?  Congrats for taking the leap and inspiring others.
Hí Gretchen! Manny puertorricans use to se you Tantaros and others very good and talented reporters through http://FNC.Now  we miss you and all of your fellows.We in PR have no electricity,cable & tv.to follow you.Have you &all yours a Marrychritsmas,helth & happiness!
So strong an beautiful you kicked them an kicked them down your a Rock solid lady. Proud of you much love for Gretchen an her guts
You stood up for 1 out of 3 women everywhere that this happens to. Thankful for you....
Speaking up after they failed to renew your contact is the kind of fake bravery that will inspire sell-outs for years.
Fox wrongly gave you $20Million Dollars. Seems like the Fox women sided w/Roger.
great work over the last year only down side is we see less of you but you're working twice as hard,wish I could do more.x
Thank u 4 all u do, Gretchen! I am so proud of u & so honored to be ur friend! Have a grt weekend! #BeFierce #GiftofCourage #grateful
You do realize that you got the gig because of your looks, don’t you?
it is amazing that these brutal men & their buddies believe totally they can get away with this, or it never happened. Ech
I never really got the whole story. Did Ailes rape you? Someone threaten your job for sex?  Hannity? Oreilly?  Who laid a hand on you?
Huh.....?  Well someone must have copped a feel or sumthin!  Dont tell me they made remarks about her beauty!!! The monsters!!!
Are you serious? Doocy "shushed" her?  THAT'S WHAT THIS IS ALL ABOUT????? Doocy is about as harmless as you can get, unless U include Shep.
You only spoke up cuz your contract wasn't renewed. 

@GretchenCarlson #FoxNewsUS @FoxNews
Good point.
WRONG is WRONG. RIGHT is RIGHT. You exposed a wrong at FOX, which was the RIGHT thing to do.
How is an affair between two people (both married) sexual harassment? And, your reason, b/c you thought you'd get more air time, but didn't?
You're a trouble maker 
Scottie makes a real victims story harder to believe mrs Carlson..you were real a victim she isn't
Dear Gretchen U did it 
So glad UR @GretchenCarlson doing so well! #BeFierce
miss u
How much and what are the plans for the millions? You could do some good work with that money. Help a lot of abused woman.
I shudder to think if you did not take that leap.  You won against overwhelming odds & made a huge difference. Honor and courage, take care!
Big bucks for the courageous jump$$$$$
Not a fan
Proud of you - keep jumping!!!
We love ya Gretchen. Sure would like to see you return to your own  show.
I miss you Gretchen.  You were my favorite!!!
I used to like you, but gave up on that.
Great to hear you are doing so well
Always watched you on Fox. Wish you well and be strong.
You are very brave.  Setting an example for other women @GretchenCarlson
Congrats on your brave and productive stance.
Really miss seeing you Gretchen. For the record I was and still am on your side.
kudos for your courage
We need you back at Fox very proud of you standing up for yourself
My guess is Hughes may be looking for a big pay day!!
I watched u on Fox. I'm sorry about what happened. But I thought it was unfair to accuse Doocy cos he touched your elbow. He's a great guy.
Don't fall!
Miss you young lady!
You are a great lady!!
thanks for helping to kill roger ailes! we're all eternally grateful! #befierce
Scottie you are no Gretchen Carlson. Gretchen didn't cheat on her husband... YOU DID...
Sexual harassment card used way too often these days. The egos are unbelievable. It has become the new 'race card'. Echoes.
What an incredible photo.... Sweet view from the top.... Have a great weekend..
(2) but who unlike U don't have the $$ or position to hire great lawyers Just a thought
I wish you all the best Gretchen. I don't know what happened but I miss seeing you on Fox
Thank God you had the sense to lay the evidentiary foundation before leaving. You set justice in motion. And it continues today. Kudos.
Y didn't u spoke sooner? Seems like @FoxNews is locker room of @POTUS n Bill Cosby, so glad u did spoke out
Just wonder if you think you should have handled it differently in hindsite.
Clearly you're enjoying the unearned/undeserved MILLIONS of dollars you received for playing the victim.
Got rich too
You got paid well for that jump.
We have faith in you. Can't wait to see where you land.
I stopped watching Fox And Friends because of you,was glad when you left
I hope you're doing well because I didn't like you on FXN! You've left havoc in your wake and now I disdain you with your $$$$$$$lawsuit.
All u FOX chixs r in it 4 the money..SMH u ruined lives and u made out big time..not buying your story nor your book.
Ms Carlson, is it your hope to be on TV once more or are you officially retired?
Amazing how you kept you troubles from the air.  Watching you..i never would have guessed how unhappy some of your work was making you.
.@GretchenCarlson Your political views were always preposterous, ill-informed and downright dangerous. But props for bringing down Fox News!
You were brave Gretchen!  Sexual harrassment not the same as consenting cheaters @scottienhughes @cvpayne
Some People Judged You and others Don't, unfortunately I doubt you let them borrow your own shoes. We miss ya! God Bless you.
@scottienhughes $$$$$$ is all you want you are both, well you know what you are.. so so sad
Ya, you and Megyn are "real american hero's" for destroying Roger Ailes. How's the new career going?...Oh wait. 
$20 million was below.
They gave her $20 million?
And an apology. For what?
I always enjoyed your style of reporting. You're smart and good at what you do. I pray doors open for you.
Hmmm, Hughes retweeting Carlson statement..... cc@CvPayne
Miss you on Fox.  You and Gretchen please come back.
I miss you. Tough lady!
When are you going to apologize for promoting division, racial resentment, and misinformation
A three year affair - turned into a sexual harassment lawsuit. 
Money. Money, money, money. 
So ubiquitous & trite. 
Oh yes. And repugnant.
Apologies to Gretchen. This wasn't meant for her.
Frivolous. And Roger Ailes is dead now. You happy?!
Why did you wait to file sexual harassment charges until your contract was not renewed? Had they renewed it, no charges? 
Blessings and continued ferocity!!
2/2 everyone Honey, sweetie etc ..
Sad 
But Hey #Mn Native 
We're so niiiiiiice ..
The work place has changed dramatically .. I seriously in today's climate would be charged w sexual harassment I hugged & called 1/2
You mean you want to thank all the haters and losers too? 
I can't imagine what it must've felt like for you in that moment. So happy for you! One person can make such a difference.
Always got your back.  We're different politically, but you are an honest, forthright person; and that's all that matters.
Miss you on Fox.  You did the right thing. Managers must be accountable for their actions
20 million dollars later ... :-) Hope things are going very well for you, Ms. Carlson.
Who's your next victim?
Check out the disaster she left behind in Richmond Virginia
@Scottienhughes you are no @GretchenCarlson. Shameful to ride her coat tails!
Liked u Gretchen, but I worked w 95%men, harassed me, i handled it just fine.If u fired, may think differently.boys will be boys.GETOVERIT
@TALENTEDBLONDE &@DRJAMESCABOT 
Ur dripping with integrity
You go, Gretchen! Miss you on tv
so where are you now?
Are you here for the moral support or just sharing attorney info?
Exactly.
I miss you.

Only wish you would have spoken up sooner! Think how many women could have been spared if you hadn't wait 11 yrs!
Your best story!
When you showed and told the story of the Marine Obama left behind in a Mexico Prison!

HOOAH!
You sure you are not thinking of Greta van Susteren? She did a lot of coverage on that Marine.Did you know Trump sent him $$ when he got out
I'm looking forward to giving your book to my 15 year old daughter. Best wishes.
U r not fierce
I wonder had you not waited years to attack Ailes would he have been forced out-retire to Florida then accidentally fall down those stairs?
U go girl!
Being fierce doesn't mean suing for harassment when you have had a three year affair #hypocrite
Thank you for standing up and facing all the repercussions! Great role model.
I miss you. Would love to have you back on my radio show to support your new book.  Just LMK.
We all need to thank you and most importantly continue to stand with all of you that fight against injustice.
Good for you Gretchen!
Oh my God! What building did she jump from?
I might not agree with your politics when you were on Fox but DAMN were you brave.
Your really a warrior Gretchen love you your the best but really missing you God bless you and your family
Gretchen, I supported your courage in the face of insurmountable odds. Please don't let bottom feeders like SNH who want to ride your
Coat tails drag you into their ugly.
Funny, all the anti-Trumpers are thanking you. Did you work for #CNN?
Are you willing to take a polygraph. Otherwise you're just out to ruin the lives of these men you accuse.  Who wants to go first?
Love you Gretchen!
you won millions he lost job and is now dead..but you still want to bring it up?
I agree. Will she step up for a polygraph. I doubt it.
Totally support ur decision but doubtful it wasn't calculated
You made millions a year! Get real. Elite mentality
These ppl don't give a hoot about you. They are trilled you took down Roger Ailes. What did you accomplish? #nothing #moneydontbuyhappiness
You started the destruction of bullshit mountain and I will be forever grateful.
Bot says bot things.
I'm glad you spoke out against sexism.  I wish you'd speak out against the lies Fox tells, and apologize for the ones you told on air.
Bad form @tealraspberry
My form's just fine, minion.  #ImpeachTrump
Cheers, Gretchen! How are you doing now? Anything I can do to help? I'll send you a LinkedIn invite.
Thank you!!!
I hate most of your political views, but I will stand behind you forever on this one

I miss you Gretchen
Was it physical or constant ogling or lewd comments?
We're better off for what you did. Thank you.
GOD BLESS YOU And Your Family.!! I Miss Watching You in the Morning.!! Your Family NEEDS You, So PLEASE Take Care of Yourself.!! 
Unfortunately I doubt you will ever be on TV again
 not easy
Amen!
Be strong !
Love that you added those who didn't! Tru motivation exists from both friend&foe-thanks for standing on principle! Rare these days
Thank you for your courage!
I always say you are the bravest woman to go public with your sexual harassment story. Many other women have been saved from harm bc of you
That cliff was worth a fortune for you.
Thank you Gretchen!
I'll always be there to support you, Gretchen.
Look what u started by that brace step. Others are benefitting from your actions.
Grateful not only for what you did but how you made us feel!
Hahahahaha
Time flies when you're having fun. #besuretohavefun
Thank you so much @GretchenCarlson for your bravery and leadership in making a difficult but very inspiring decision.
