So WHAT are the consequences? What is this administration teaching our children? 
#TrumpIsALiar
#SessionsIsALiar
American history & civics will be taught in school again. The truth and not social engineering. Education not indoctrination!
AG Eric Holder charged with contempt by Congress efusing to testify Fast&Furios!  Obama administration so corrupt
Topic is TrumpTreason.
If he's lied under oath before, why would anyone think he'd not lie again? The GOP is corrupt and criminal to its core.
Hillary lied to Congress /Senate 39 times. Eric Holder only AG in history charged with contempt of court! all Democrats obstruct process
Please. If she had, Congressional Republicans would have referred the matters to Justice for prosecution.
They did. Comey Clintonite let her go! This is since 1995 also. Lying. Cheating and pay to play for years.
There was never a criminal referral from Congress for lying to Congress. But thanks for playing, you oleaginous felchweasel.
I mean, it's not as if Trey Gowdy tampered with evidence in an attempt to frame her...oh wait
You are delusional!  Clintonite always cover up for Hillary or not around very long!
AG Jeff Sessions is the most honorable man in Washington.  He is testifying Jun 13th. Trump  never under investigation.Lies, spies &leaks
Jeff (Kebler elf) Sessions is a racist, and he lied under oath, he is a bad person
Please stop your rhetoric. You are lying!
Why won't he appear in public to answer questions?
June 13th keep tuned!" You must watch Fake news or you woukd know thism
Wrong. He may not be testifying in public. It may be closed senate Intel comm meeting
He will testify June 13th. Truth will come out. There is no evidence of Russian /Trump anything.
When does @jeffsessions get taken out in handcuffs? Any other scenario is aiding and abetting treason.

This is your typical dim.senator.#disgrace
Why let him cancel? Subpoena his keebler ass.
Senate committees have no power to enforce a subpoena. They'd need help from the DoJ... and look at who's head of the DoJ!
Absolutely. Point is that trumpaloons keep saying, no evidence. Well, GOP adamantly refuses to sign subpoenas that would produce evidence.
No collusion no laws broken Dems get over 11/08/16.
What kind of Free Country is this... When those in power are so corrupt!  They need to be Fired On the Spot!! We can't have this.
Nail him, Pat.
Why is he still AG & why isn't he being prosecuted? May be off base here but think standards for the 'top cop' should be higher than most
hey, pat. What about democrat ties to russia? So many. Democrat is now fascist party.
Both happen to be one large ass.
Senators, what are the Dems doing to procedurally stop/slow down the health care legislation? You MUST do all you can!
Comey also told us that Sessions doesn't stand up to Trump - patronage already set up with Sessions. Trump thinks  he orders him what to do
The circus is OVER folks. The time has come to investigate REAL crimes: Hillary,  Lynch, Holder, Lerner, Rice and OBAMA
Thank all of you for getting to the bottom, RUSSIA, EVERYONE should be angry and outraged!!!!.
Hopefully he'll be asked to elaborate aka lie again about that tomorrow
If you don't hook him up 2 a lie detector how do you know he's being truthful? He lied 2 the Senate @confirmation. What'll be different?
Just like the Dems to fabricate a story. He answered your question accurately. How about schumer and pelosi? They met with the Russians!
Don't try selling me that after decades of Clinton & Obama lies, nincompoop.
He has no business telling anyone what laws to follow he is a liar.
And yet he's still the AG - what gives? If I committed perjury, I'd be in jail. He's the Top Cop? Go get him and throw him in jail!
Why no charges? That is a felony
Then prosecute him! Why should he get away with it?
Create a false narrative by blowing Sessions' bumping into Russian Ambassador into a 007 movie @doranimator
And Sessions is going to do it again tomorrow. So what are ^you^ going to do about all of this?
Why bother questioning him? He is a proven liar.  What a waste of time.
He must resign
if there are no consequences for Sessions lying he will continue to LIE
Das Va Danya.!   @TheJusticeDept
Charge Sessions with perjury then force resignation. He is in Russia Trump collusion so deep he can't dig out.
Jeff 'Ukraine' Sessions
Apr-27-2016 ... best birthday gift ever
GOP = Grand Old Perjurers
So this hearing will be all lies as well
When will GOP realize he is hurting they're agenda more than helping, he is narcissistic menac3.. Bow you "PUPPETS"
honestly this is like a scene from the Third World https://twitter.com/JohnJHarwood/status/874293744442408960 …
Why won't anyone prosecute the shmuck for perjury??? This is why they have no problem lying under oath - no consequences!!

Why does the senate committee believe his testimony will be truthful this time?  If it's known he spoke falsely, where's the perjury charges
Thank you Senator Leahy and Senator Franken! The American People will not be lied to! The rule of law must prevail.
Sorry, what HRC did or didn't do/say isn't an excuse for the current Administration's words/actions. "But the Clintons" isn't good defense.
Why isn't anyone held accountable for lying under oath in Congressional hearings? Every. Damn. Time.
If we, as the USA, cannot hold our govt employees accountable to law, why should ANY of us be expected to follow the law? #TrumpRussia
He should be fired now
And if nothing is done about it now.....?
Yes sir now do something about it
Make an example out of him.  Charge him and arrest him.
So the Evil Hillbilly Elf is going to testify in a public setting while he drawls on that he everything is classified?
We know.. LIKE HE IS GONNA BE TRUTHFUL THIS TIME.. HE PLEDGED HIS LOYALTY TO THE GREEDY DEVIL. HE WILL LIE TILL DEATH COMES FOR HIM!!
I thought it was allowed for the police to lie to criminals.
"provide false testimony"= Perjury = Crime.  PROSECUTE!
Sessions can and should be impeached for perjury.  #ImpeachSessions
Great #dialogue here. Keep it up #patriots!!!
So why has he not been held accountable? Where are the checks & balances our founding fathers put in place? Where is rule of law?
Then WHY is he still AG?!?!?!?
Question is...what are you going to do about it?
Why is he still Attorney General? Why are all of these people who lied on forms and directly to congress still in their positions? #Kushner
In case that doesn't quite make the point for Cult45, though it should be evident, "false testimony"= LIE and doing it under oath = PERJURY.
Sen. Leahy, you've always done St. Michael's proud, no more so than now. We must stand up to this assault on our system and values!
You know, I got in a shitload of trouble for lying when I was a kid. This is different. When are you guys going to do something about this?
Then demand his resigniation and submit for prosecution. Stop pussy footing around. Stand up for what is right
Lock him up!
Sassions needs to step down. His non-recusal is reason enough.
Who can and will prosecute him for perjury? Why no action there?
And people wonder why Comey didn't inform AG about Trump????  These people are corrupt.
If there's no ramifications for lying to Congress under oath, why are you wasting everyone's time?
#Sessions lied to Congress & the American people during a public confirmation. We deserve to see him answer those ??? in public.
And he's now AG of USA. This is what makes people cynical and sick of those who constantly laud truth and justice. What a sham of trust.
If I did that I'd be charged with perjury and awaiting a court date, if I could post bond.  He should lose his lawyer license & go to jail.
Perjury
Perjury
Perjury
Perjury
Perjury
Perjury
Perjury
Perjury
Perjury
Perjury
Perjury
It's spelled the same every time you read it.
And you're going to do what, exactly, in response? Actions please.
Does a lawyer lose his license to practice for lying under oath or is it now legal to lie, because the POTUS 45 does it all the time?
Sen, why is this ok? What if it were me instead of the AG? Would I get a pass?
Kissing Franken's ass too
PERJURY!!!!!!!!
It is called perjury. Why would anyone want him back again? Double perjury?
What are you gonna do about it senator? Why are there hearings & rules & laws without consequences? A sham from where we the people sit.
...and you and your fellow leaders are going to do what?
The @GOP must go.  #traitors #partyovercountry .  Do something about it .
Scott Pruitt also lied under oath to @booker during his confirmation hearings. He is now EPA Administrator.
So work on prosecuting him. I'm so fucking sick of words and no action.
WHY IS HE STILL ATTORNEY GENERAL??????????
So? What would happen to me if i gave false testimony, under oath, to congress?
So why is he not in jail? Oh he's not black got it.
Why is he still attorney general?
and he was not charged with perjury...why?
So charge him with perjury already! What are you waiting for? #DoYourJob
If that's the case then you aren't doing your job, Why is Sessions still AG, isn't lying under oath a felony? Jesus can the Dems do anything
#SessionsMustResign  this is unbelievable and unacceptable! Americans are growing tired of all the lying.
Don't worry, Bob Mueller will take care of Sessions.
So Sessions committed perjury...and he hasn't been arrested because??
So why is he still AG what's wrong with this picture????
The lies are concerning... but the lack of action regarding these lies is what alarms me
So why is he AG then??
Under oath. That's perjury. Remove him immediately
Proscecute him for lying to Congress. That's still the law isn't it? Stop pontificating and do your job.
Nail his a$$ to the wall!
Once a liar always a liar! When will the GOP be held accountable? It's surreal to watch America hijacked by a crazy madman.
So WHY did @jeffsessions get the @DOJPH job anyway? #perjury #NoCredibility #SecurityRisk #GOPfail
And yet nothing will come of it.  So sad this farse continues.
The USA citizens will expect felony charges against @jeffsessions! Sick of the game playing & politics placing our troops & nation in danger
Bruh, thread numbered tweets.
What is being done about it? Seems like this admin is doing many unlaw things and getting away with it. And everyone knows it's illegal.
Should he genuflect to you both and seek forgiveness ? Chill out...you folks are ridiculous...
He met with the ambassador in his office with 2 others in the room. Then 2 times in public settings banquet and speech. Weak sauce
Apparently nothing matters anymore in America. You can commit perjury , treason and obstruct justice and nothing happens. Makes you wonder
Why is he still Atty Gen is the question America is not a shining beacon when gov is this corrupt GET THEM OUT all of them
no kidding Senator.... lots of that going around.  Will you have the stamina to stand up and be counted?  Will you look to the other liars?
Why is this man still holding his title? What are laws for if no one is going to uphold them? This is the leading example?
Why is he still AG??
Putting Sessions under oath is waste of an oath. Already perjured himself, no consequences. Ask about THIRD Russia contact he's not disclosd
Why is he still holding office if he perjured himself?
.Lying to protect Dear Leader is what keeps the in their position.
In other words... #Sessions committed perjury. What are you doing about it?
Trumpsters. False = Lied. He's not the only one either. Todays lesson. Take memos.
Sessions is a nasty Alabama racist and has a host of enemies waiting to see him fall. #imho
And yet nothing becomes of it. It's our new government order. Where are our heroes ??
And all Democrats aren't asking for his resignation...why???
Why is that still taken so lightly?
So WHY is he still there and WHY has he not gone up on perjury already????
Senators, isn't that then perjury? 
And isn't perjury grounds to remove the person in the position of Attorney General?
Go get him! Sessions should not be AG, how can he lead Justice if he is embroiled in the Russia investigation and lied to Congress!
Correct, so why is a man sworn to uphold & enforce the law still in office? Hardly the man or symbol America wants. Charge him w/perjury.
Is this shocking? I mean, the public already knew this when he was appointed AG..grab his resignation while your grabbing Son in laws please
Hey liberals,
Don't you agree that this shriveled old white guy should resign immediately?

#Resist 
#WhitePrivilege
What are you going to do about it?
Time for Congress to stand up and accept responsibility as a co-equal branch of government
Why weren't u this concerned over @HillaryClinton false testimony?  Her whole testimony was a lie. @MediaEqualizer
If an ordinary citizen provided false testimony to you and @SenFranken wouldn't there already be consequences for that in play?
What will the Senate do about his multiple offenses of perjury?
Didn't martha go to jail for perjury? Maybe it only applies to women.
Make sure he takes that super special truth oath this time so he's extra truthy! All the truth! Maybe use three bibles! And truth magnets...
false testimony: isn't that called perjury if under oath as this was??
that's called perjury, right?
Why? Just because Comey says so? How can anyone find him trustworthy after leaking Gov memos to press? #Liar
No, he was using alternative facts, lets keep the story straight.
How is it possible that Jeff Sessions was not  immediately suspended & clearances revoked once everyone knew he had committed perjury?
GOP
Americans are now judging integrity of their reps on who lies the least VERY SAD
When POTUS & chief "law enforcement" officer, AG, constantly lie without impunity, they make a mockery of our democracy.  Must get it back!
#alternativefacts So why has #Sessions not been fired ?
are you saying your dem friends are guilty? We already know that. Ur profiling just because dems are crooked
no he didnt he was talking about r/t campaign. That was No!! Before campaign he had the same interaction as dems
When you get Sessions under oath, be sure to ask him if he told Trump that @PreetBharara reported his call to DOJ the day before his firing.
Can he b convicted and jailed?
All these threads are broken ?? What's up @jack @Twitter @Support
"Sweet Home Alabama"...and soon, I hope!
What are you going to do about it?
And I am betting he will do it again.
The arrest warrant for lying to Congress, is where and to be delivered when?
And what are you prepated to do about this? We the people are tired of inaction.
And he will lie again on Tuesday
So what are ya gonna do about it? Piss or get off the pot !!!!!!
Lock him up!
Get him, Senator.
Will Sessions get fined $10 for lying to you?
You can't even talk so get over your lying self You make me sick. You don't have to lie NO COLLUSION dirt bag sick of you all
@SenBillNelson We need a resignation, former colleague or not. Truly, a prosecution is in order.
Is he above the law?
What makes you think he'll tell the truth now or won't take the fifth?
He was doing what he was told
No he didn't you lying old coot.
@rosemhook @SenFranken #LockHimUp #SessionsMustResign #perjury
I think he'll try running to Putin
He  used the I forgot defense. I wonder how that defense would work for me if I forgot to pay taxes. He is a liar like Trump
There are more meetings with Russia in store.
Uh, there's a term for that: perjury.
And it's against the law.

Prosecute Sessions now!
Lock his little Keebler Elf lookin' like a Klansman ass up. They make XXS orange jumpers, I'm sure.
Well, sir, what do you intend to do about it besides tweet?
Senator Leah AG Sessions needs to testify publicly He's attorney for whole country The lies need to be exposed to public at large Please!
If he keeps canceling hearings how about pressing charges for perjury? If he won't play ball hit him with the bat.
Go get him Senator Leahy- he has lost his privilege to be AG, much less a US senator, by virtue of his corruption & disrespect of the nation
Sessions needs to go! NOW!
We put up with your corrupt party for  8 years . Don't critize
And there have been no consequences, what has happened to law and order, @realDonaldTrump is #notlawandorderpresident
At this point I need to be blunt.  No shit Sherlock.  Trump is poison and so are his cronies.
That's great now what are you going to do about it?
Two of the dopiest people in the senate.. Stuart you are either a fool or the money they pay you is real good
U have the power of impeachment use it . Cut off the tentacles of the thing that is in the white house. Till a fatal blow becomes apparent.
Lock him up! (And throw away the key)
So what can you do about it? I have little hope at this point a GOP congress will doing anything about this now. #ConstitutionalCrisis #2018
IMPEACH and Charge with Perjury..
Is that perjury?
Apparently it's ok for the top Law Guy to do this in the NEW AmeRussica!
Sessions is complicit in a political coup by the gops in collusion with the russians
Not acceptable, as with many different aspects of this administration.
