Does that mean they would have to start from scratch?
They would, but they would lean heavily on work already done, catch up, and would have full time staff on it, not like Intel committees.
Thanks. I'm confused by so many opinions- it will happen, it won't, nothing will happen, etc. very tiring.
It'll happen, Nixon took a year, we're just over 100 days, and we already have subpoenas out, people talking immunity, probable obstruction
Do we know what happened to the Congress during that mid term election?   Who was governing party before and after the watergate revelations
Dems kept their midterm majority through the 72 general direction, 10 seat lead in the Senate, up 2, 50 seat lead in the House, down 13
Rosenstein is complicit in this coverup, is he not?
I think he was duped, but he's only been on the job a few weeks, his boss asked him for a simple memo, and then threw him under the bus
My take at least... He's small fry anyway, he's pissed (threatened to resign), he'll turn on Trump no question
for what? #HILLARY4JAIL? "UNMASKING" SUSAN RICE - BACK DOOR URANIUM DEALS - illegal voter fraud in CA and NY - wiretapping Trump Towers 
@JoyAnnReid @maddow @Lawrence @tedlieu This
And thank you Rep Lieu for outing GOP won't issue subpoenas. What are they hiding? #compromised
Keep the pressure on!
Yeah, but what would the nation's top lawyers know about the rule of law. Experts are liberals because education and such. #DIYbrainsurgery
I get experts are "annoying know it alls"- but pushback on knowledge is awful.
Yes!!!
Here is the letter: https://pmcdeadline2.files.wordpress.com/2017/05/doj-letter.pdf …
The tRump administration continues to ignore a lot of things that reasonable people  don't.
I thought the DAG said there was no need for a special prosecutor so the matter is closed, right?
I'm giddy with delight but I need to see the letter. Where can I see it?
I'd be more optimistic about the influence of such experienced and credentialed professionals if I did not know how 45 stocked his Cabinet.
SDNY is a Liberal democrat strong hold.
I imagine that was not a hard group to put together, like a soirée.
Does special prosecutor end in secret or is there a public report?
This has reached constitutional crisis mode. Get this guy out already. He's destroying our democracy

Asst AG office is bossed by Sessions who, even when self-recused, remains loyal to Trump, even above the law. #resistB42late
Thank goodness - I never thought they would finally appoint a special prosecutor to put that crooked @HillaryClinton behind bars lol #MTP
#Goodluck with that.
Don't you need a crime before a trial ?   Are we not getting ahead - no crime no prosecution!
Wow the #NeverTrump movement is back, even though #Kushner stole the election for them.
Sour Grapes
..& does such a letter carry the same weight as if this same group gathered before the White House itself & presented it live? DRAMA NEEDED!
Awesome! 
About time they came together. Now, where are all the others?
Letter's already in the circular file.
https://pmcdeadline2.files.wordpress.com/2017/05/doj-letter.pdf …
No way! Maybe if the U.S understand that all CIA DEA, and FBI files should be public than I can finally stop mentioning the NIA .
About Time GOP Got A SPINE, Don't U Think? Since They Won't Its Up 2 Those Who Believe Rule Of Law More Important Than 1 Man.
Do it now !!! Sessions and trump are evil

You mean that VERY Blue Liberal Democratic Southern District of NY? THAT SDNY? Yeah ... that letter should carry a TON of weight.
Can you even believe that so many people lawyers medical professionals anyone with any sanity calling for this and R sitting on thumbs. Wtf
#ImpeachTrumpNow
But can we have a "special prosecutor" anymore? Indy Counsel Fitzgerald dropped the ball with V Plame.
@MaxBoot @SpeakerRyan Ryan, you're definitely not a profile in courage.
I hate Jeff sessions. That man is racist as they come. He would bring back lynching if he could
@Cynlorrine23 lol. Of course they did
It's about time #ResistTrump
if a SP were funded well enough, could an investigation go faster?
He doesn't care and he should be recused.
That's major.
Wow is right. Pure horse muffins by dimprog libs and minions.
Where is a copy of the letter? All due respect, but a blog piece on emptywheel requires verification. Thank you.
Democrats IS Attorneys! SP will never happen!! It is not needed per @FBI they are handling Russia investigation! Trump is innocent
If he's innocent, you and Trump are sure panicking a lot about a special counsel (who Trump can't fire like he did Comey) investigating him.
Source???
Sessions has no intention of allowing a seious investigation of treason. Hes in on it too!
***watch DJT start gunning for them*** he KNOWS they're building a RICO case
The need is obvious to everyone but those having something to lose from the appointment.
Spec. Pros. will start over at square 1. The longer he delays appointment the less impact it will have on midterms.
Thank goodness someone has some guts.
We need a John Dean
Wow.  We had no idea that 5th column elements were so firmly embedded in the US Department of Justice.  We have a huge problem.
Rod Rosenstein needs to act. The time for a Special Prosecutor is long overdue. The country is losing trust in the DOJ #SpecialProsecutorNow
Just heard Mukasey who said you need a crime first. Everyone except Democrats seem to agree. A commission maybe, not special prosecutor.
FINALLY
45 still denies an investigation is  even going on how do we make him stop lying to the country ?
Great! But can these same Attys also write to the Bar & ask for Sessions to be disbarred for both Ru involvement & unjust racist rulings.
Do have a source for this?
YUP!!!
I'm curious -- I thought CW was that independent commission would be better approach?
Flip house in 2018 and have both tRump and pence caught up in this fiasco and then the speaker of the house is next in line a Democrat!
I have little faith in the Sessions/Ryan/McConnell triad. They're only in it for themselves and as dirty as a pig in a monsoon.
Thanks for telling us!
Watch Nix.. Trump try to fire him.
I feel like letters are just not going to do it with these GOP Trump people.
We need to come out in masse and shut down the Capitol maybe
Won't change anything.
Republicans guilty of breaking law Usurp leadership have no rights position elect special prosecutor especially Party members it so corrupt
Copy?
I'm guessing it'll be as effective as all the other letters people wrote urging citizens not to vote for trump
Too many experts. Who cares what they think.
Nearly funded by George Soros and appointed By Obama. Special prosecutor for WHAT!!!! 10 months of nothing there
Sorry, but living in Trumpworld has made me such a cynic.  Therefore, I don't see it happening.
@danpfeiffer Southern district of New York. Big surprise there.
Now, does anyone think the letter will get read. And can  Deputy AG go to special prosecutor without approval
what the about the current USA/AUSA poodles ?
https://twitter.com/jimsciutto/status/863136317764497408 …
James Comey didn't allow #GWBush to undermine a Sickly Ascroft during the Lies on Torture disguised as somethingElse
Breaking: Dep AG Rosenstein sees no need at this point for special prosecutor in #Russia probe - sources tell @evanperez @mkraju
Q for D-AG: Did he talk the #TrumpOath?
@ProsperBuild I bet you're behind some of their evil schemes aren't you Sperling
Nothing these days non partisan, Dems cancelled Committee on Elderly Services mtg to make Trump look bad? Liberatarian now, never Dem again!
But it's a hoax, right @realDonaldTrump ??
So deeply grateful for extraordinary abilities of our IC, not to mention their bravery & honor. Shout out to investigate journ/citizens too.
I admire them, now lets see if the Deputy AG follows through. Next they can send their missive to the House and Senate GOP.
Tick,Tock, 45(POTUS) impeachment bells are beginning to toll. Can you hear it yet?
Don't you mean "resignation letter" because Sessions will just use it as a handy list of who to fire.
Breaking news... Trump plans to fire all of them on Monday morning.
Very brave of each of these people to sign it.
That's great but the DAG has clearly signed the loyalty pact
Justice delayed is Justice denied, they take way too long and so much resources. Past commissions are just adjudicating now ?
Senate & House investigating committees: No evidence on Trump, refuse to follow evidence paths that might incriminate one of themselves
Anyone have a copy of the letter to publicize?
where was the letter when Lynch had a picnic with Bill on the tarmac about how wonderful Hillary is?
Need an indpnt cmmssn, first.
Millions of people believe in global warming without real evidence.
We are pass this we need someone to step up and start impeachment proceedings.
it will the only way to get to the truth of it all, good, bad, ugly or indifferent. It is better to know than not. #TheResistance
Key word : bipartisan. Yea! Finally the good news I sought on Twitter. I'll jump off it now & into my real life. Pancakes for breakfast.
I fall in the category of this too shall be ignored in the interest of partisanship.
Wow...that's like 178 journos, 178 college professors, or 178 former Congressional Democrats! #BigDeal
Yes! Finally!! #ImpeachTrump
Actually the longer it takes the more likely we will be saying Madam President to @NancyPelosi
@Molly1Jo Every office should! There are plenty of former AUSA's and USAs who are outraged.
I hope so... It'd be great if they all spoke up. Trumpsters think this is all fine. Those who disagree need to be heard...loudly.
Hope the letter is out to the public. Maybe it will spur some more. Especially since AUSAs tend to be conservative.
It is a very significant letter. Some of the names are huge, even if no widely known. https://www.emptywheel.net/2017/05/12/a-letter-for-rosenstein-to-remember/ …
Great piece, thank you for sharing. Little ppl like me are heartened by actions of ethical ppl with influence.
@becky_dee1 I  NY
I don't see any news article on this. Link????
@vooda1 Maybe because they no the GOP won't do their job.
And yet, he resisted.
He won't care. But it is a good thing for when (if) @GOP realizes they need to fix this.
Look out Trump...Impeachment hides in your bedclothes
Except deputy ag has sworn loyalty to king trump and bully sessions therefore bipartisan appeal falls on same deaf ears
How much horror can we take? (Wait. I don't wanna know.)
can you post a link for this?
Means nothing.
@Trump_Truther If he thinks in any way that this severely tarnished investigation will satisfy the rule of law he must resign
I would have called for a Special WH Psychiatrist with a gynormous bag of mood- controlling pills, but okay.
He said he won't. This is such a sham. Our AGs aren't working to protect us.
WOW is right!  I sure hope more of them across the land follow suit.

 @SCClemons
Wow. Didn't realize the partisan former US Attns were ALSO on the #JournoList. Stunning, now is this considered two scoops or one? #fakenews
@Sulliview Wow. Only New Yorkers?
Consider the source.
"How would you like it if you were a man playing the part of a toad?"
@KimDozier bipartisan my bottom
If all of America signs one, will it help?
"bipartisan" - the two sides of the same coin.
Glad some with influence are doing what GOP should have done already...GOP is staining any reputation they have left.
You Got a Copy of that Letter??
Ask Amy Siskind. She does.
Thank you!
And...the GOP response:

Sessions needs to investigate you too
I didn't realize US Attorneys were partisan in the first place.
Amazing! Scary it is necessary but amazing!
Thank you!
Thank goodness for good people in our justice system. They're stepping up when GOP politicians won't. Hope this helps the Dems & USA.
I hope it help the honest GOP (yes there are some that still exist) be brave and stand up to be counted.
I haven't seen any one of them out yet to fully stand up for our democracy. 
Proof is in the pudding.  Will anything actually get DONE?
Nope.
Yes!!!!
But who gets to appoint one, even if Rosenstein says yes?
@kharyp Is it on the news??

@ShelbyHappy fake letter
Would you please learn how to spell?
God, when a Trump supporter whines about "insults", there's no better proof that Irony is dead.
DAG Rosenstein has already said he sees no need for a special prosecutor. But yeah, I am very much in favor of Preet Bharara!
Rod is focused on moving up to two scoops from one scoop. Right @CillizzaCNN?
Thank you to all of them.
That won't do any good he's in the bag Democrats are smart enough to figure out they voted a snake in justice department
And I gladly sing their praises for doing so
I repeat your "WOW."  I especially like  the bipartisan part
As bipartisan as it gets. Spanning 50 years of AUSAs.
I  NY!  

(particularly the SDNY)
I second that!
I'm for Preet Bharara to do that job and would that be awewom or what?
Merrick Garland?
That would leave a judicial seat open.  We don't need any other GOP appointments in Federal courts
