One to investigate your Indian Heritage....Correct?
Got to you huh
RUSSIA IS A FARCE ITS SO OBVIOUS !!!
That's rich coming from "Pocahontas". Elizabeth Warren needs to shut her maize hole.
@DagoLion most of Nunes assets are in a company has ties to Russia.
the whole thing is bizarre!
By the obama adm his advisor Susan rice lol so dam funny watching libs be proven as liars
And its so funny watching libs try dance around this story and ignore it libs craziness has no limit you guys will continue with self wounds
Pocahontas, your done
We millenials know that your messages in these special elections are Waaayy TOO soft to get all of us to the polls for you..
hmm, like Lynch investigating Hillary?  weird, huh?
You r as fake as u r claiming 2 b America Indian u don't know the truth when it slams u in the face your as crooked as HRC go way
@maddow Independent? Oh you mean like you?
With questions filled w/ untruths &pure speculation asked by Bull Schiff &other Dems at #ComeyHearing showed a pure witch hunt
Considering Nunes was on the transition team that he said was surveilled, shouldn't we be asking him what he is trying to hide?
The sooner the better!
Kinda like the Clinton email scandal.
You mean like the one that should have investigated yo girl HITLARy?  Or maybe Fast & Furious or the IRS!
@ntvnyr173 Do you mean Democrat lynch mob How clear does it need to be What was done in dark is coming to light  Finally truth
https://www.change.org/p/end-sharia-law-in-massachusetts-state-gov-t-uses-100/u/19100741 …
save it, fauxcohontas.
No, the Russia nonsense is the real farce.
amen
Agreed!!!
yes, please continue to push for this.  we need the TRUTH. Treason is an #impeachableoffense  #CorruptTrump  #LockHimUp

Like #IRS?
Like #Benghazi?
Like #NSA?
Like #Bergdahl?

"independent, transparent inquiry"
What a joke from a democrat. A radical at that.
The Benghazi investigation was lead by a majority Republican committee and they found nothing.
nothing, nada, zilch
See what I mean? They did find a lot including gun running and hillary is responsible but then you didn't read that b/c you refuse to know.
...no, you'reve bedn listening to talk radio, like a vidiot...
farce? you mean like you're a Native American?
Who do we call to encourage this? Senator Burr (my NC rep) replied to my request that his committee is handling it well. 
Amen!
Nunes has Russia business connections thru a winery he's invested in .. That should be considered
will you call for the same level of scrutiny for the wiretap investigation?
Yes, please! #TheResistance
.@pebsie63 @SenWarren #PsstTheResistanceGotTrumpElected here's your sign
Actually #TrumpElectionCreatedTheResistance & #RussianTiesWillBringHimDown the orange carnival barker's days r #'d #TheResistance
.@pebsie63 haha keep thinking that explains why y'all keep losing good luck
Don't get cocky in ur reverie, we know 3MM more voted 4 another candidate than, him & 2MM+ marched all over world. #TheResistance
Maybe so (questionable) but you lost. The stupidity is in how you handle defeat!
You and your party love Russia. You're not fooling anyone.
We had Comey telling the world Trump wasn't surveilled. Now we are told the truth. Looks pretty transparent to me. #maga
@maddow He was part of the Trump transition team he shouldn't be allowed to be part of the investigation. He should step down.
Well, we are all waiting for your pov on Susan Rice getting caught unmasking Trump team.
#CoverUp #IndependentCommission #NunesMustResign #TrumpRussia #obstructionofjustice #CoverUp #EmolumentsClause #TrumpTaxReturns
Yes, please!
Now do something donnie is out of control again. Damn you prople work for us.
maybe we can get Hillary investigated aswell
@maddow I just wish it wasn't going to take so long to start one. We need answers before more damage is done.
@ManMet80 Devin Nunes was on the Trump Campaign security team. Why would he investigate an issue in which he was a participant?
Ultimate fox guarding the henhouse idiocy, or maybe he's the chicken dancing for the foxes - then they have lunch? IT'S BAD NEWS @SenWarren
don't agree with you on much but as a conservative who loves his country: You are right.
well thank you for st least showing a little integrity! Your party seems to have precious little #DonTheCon going down!
left the part the night Trump became presumptive nom.
I didn't get what you meant by that?
I left the PARTY
Oh now I see! Well yea, I'll never understand how low the GOP has been willing to go. Shocking-Party over Country? SICK
To me, Cruz was almost as bad as trump! GOP corrupted by Christian zealots-Dems aren't perfect, but better than that!
wasn't a Cruz fan but he is NOT Trump.  Nothing is Trump
big joke
Nothing about Susan Rice though? Strange.
Schiff must go!!!
jesus another inquiry into an imaginary problem WTF how many do these libtards want.
Susan Rice's Domestic Spying is a National Security Nightmare
It's time to get busy repairing America, quit campaigning (you lost), and playing political games. You can get a pill for your condition!
Maybe we can convene a group of Native Americans on the special panel to investigate,sorry Senator Warren you're not eligible.
Why is this difficult to understand. Seems so black and white.
@Rep_DevinNunes Obama Admin spied on Trump camp if there was collusion they wd have leaked it or taken to DOJ & prosecuted. Losing narrative
senator will you commit to block Goursch until we get an independent investigation? A select committee?
Why should he be blocked? Obama even vouched for him as did several dems years ago.
it was Garland's turn. DT investigated for treason so no bills or EOs signed and no nominations.
I dont think that was right either but two wrongs dont make a right. In the end, he did pick 2.
...he picked 3, the senate refused to do their job...
I don't agree w/the Senate sitting on it then or now. It's like a game to them, both sides.
...I agree, but the Democratic party can't survive by continuing to acquiesce to the Repubs..
I standby my original "ask"
proud woman Vet; USArmy retired;26 1/2 yrs.honorable,12Oct1976(Women's ArmyCorps)-4May2003Forced out byHATERSlike trump&O'Reilly!
Pocahontas Obama ordered surveillance on Trump team,Clapper/ Brennan already spilled beans NO Evidence Trump/ Russia Dem lie
there is evidence it's all over. Get off Trump's nutz
you do realize we are laughing at you, not with you....
Funny, we finally can agree on something, never stop laughing at the corrupt GOP.
Really, because Gop was spying on campaigns? Dems most corrupt ever.
Serious eye roll, typical GOP response, hypocrisy & historical revision of events hmm just like Cheeto. 
Maxine Waters is one the most corrupt, Al Sharpton has repeatedly "forgot" to pay taxes on millions, and so on.
Donald Trump, Flynn, Nixon, Agnew, Caspar Weinburger,Villlalpando, Colson & now add Devin Nunes all bigly corrupt
PLEASE find a way to prevent all EO and bill signing plus halt SCOTUS nomination while DT and admin. investigated for treason!
Oh yes It is time 2 #draintheswamp & all the democrat swamp creatures
throw some rinos in there too
Yes several of the RINOS also
...Trump didn't drain the swamp...he put in a sewer...
Nunes needs to resign from the committee or be replaced as chair by @SpeakerRyan Anything less is an insult to democracy!
Killary&Slick Willie had PROVABLE ties with Russia-she gave them 20% of our urnamium-he paid 1/2 M 4 speech 2 R bank-look there!!
Good Luck! Angela Merkle or Jerimy Corbyn would be pleased to lend you an outside ear.
- what do they have on this guy? It's embarrassing- kiss his career goodbye#trumped
everything is a farce if it's not your party in control. Please, please, start doing something useful for America.
@Varidienne I agree, he lost all trust and credibility when he went to Trump and press. A very political move!
Need to continue Intel Committee investigation. Independent Investigations will take a long time! They can share information
He was on transition team. Is that why he ran to Trump first? Was he exposed?
Time for a special prosecuter.  National security is at stake.
Nunes did not act alone. Ryan sent him to WH. Both complicit in covering for Trump lies! Don't let either off the hook.
Yes!
@maddow trump senior admin all have betrayed  the america people, their communist
- do u think this may have been purposeful on the part of Nunes/Ryan? Ryan stands to possibly be next potus if Trump's chips fall
But Comey investigating Hillary was ok?  .  Can't wait for you to lose next election.
@aadrianatu You can't spell Trump's Believe Me line without the word Lie
who's admin was spying? Which party cheated with questions? You still lose!!! Winning, MAGA
So, you think only corrupt hateful lying democrats can investigate. Tell it too, Gowdy.
The world is watching the madness that is before us.
FIRST WE INVESTIGATE SOROS AND FREEZE HIS BLOOD MONEY
Headed by ppl you and the Dems own right fauxcahontas
your house of cards is about to fall all round you. Exposing you and the lying media
Lol lol lol Lol lol #trump  tax returns Lol lol Lol lol lol Lol #trump tax returns Lol lol Lol lol lol Lol lol lol lol

 Lol
@SenSanders @Lawrence @maddow @RepAdamSchiff #InvestigateTrump and his ties with Russia. Trump can't be trusted nor Nunez.
#InvestigateTrump Need to have an independent investigation, without Nunes.
#Commonsense says NOBODY can #Investigate themselves
Fake
How is that done?
What in the world is wrong with you? How many officials have to say there is NO Trump/Russia b4 u believe?
since when does the chairman work for Trump and not the American people?  He is sad, very bad man....
Dem RepAdamSchiff is on a witch hunt. No evidence,No sources he will name,No hesitation to get in front of a camera & Insinuate.
Yes please
understand they have more than circumstantial evidence the Trump investigation  tic tock Trump
.@SenWarren Work with @SenJohnMcCain and others to publicly introduce a resolution. THEN, use media to apply pressure on #GOP leadership.
Get an independent inquiry, we must survive!  No joke we must survive!
@GavinNewsom ...a #farce part of a much bigger #farce known as #TrumpCircus. Sad.
I couldn't agree more. This is ridiculous.
Quit...just quit it.
You got burned. Let it go.
Move on to your next attention seeking propaganda.
In Vietnam the enemy blended into the civilian population-Today we can easily identify the enemy. The enemy is the POTUS.
Is it too early for a campaign finance reform bill that ends our money centric electoral system?
EVERYTHING THAT U GUYS ARE WORKING AND VOTING ON NEEDS TO BE PUT ON HOLD
TRUMP DID NOT WIN THE 2016 PRES ELECTION 
#impeach
You are truly a leader with a good moral compass! Thank you for all you do!!  #trueAmerican 󾓦
I agree 100%.  He ran over to the WH after finding out about some sort of surveillance before he even talked to the committee.
maybe because he has his own #russiagate issue, is the whole @GOP invested in Russia?http://www.palmerreport.com/news/russia-devin-nunes-donald-trump/2019/ …
Where was this suggestion when Hillary was being investigated?   Why so quiet then?
Why are you in bed with the neocons?
"I am Devin-itely a really big Trump fan and Devin-itely not about to investigate that guy."  -- Rep. Nunes
for real senator warren!
You have to stop him. #Trump is a #RussianAsset who'll kill our #Democracy.His budget will make #BlackMonday look like a joke.
you should charge him with Rule XI (Procedures of committees and unfinished business)
@MarkRuffalo yes!  We need a special investigator- independent of wh influence
U helped give us trump by backing Killary the vile seller of gov... enjoy EW
time to put away your crazy pills now and realize all the criminals are behind you, not in front of you.
then quit tweeting and make it happen, we are counting on you dems to save us but you have to get off your ass and do something
I agree
she is only concerned about her party's failed election bid. It's going to be a long frustrating 8 years for the democrats Lol
Past time.
@S1PPi IF THE PEOPLE WE ELECT WONT STOP THIS TREASON THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WILL! I WILL GLADLY GIVE MY LIFE TO STOP THIS TRAVESTY!
I know another farce, Fauxcahontas.
totally agree
Apparently the entire RepubliCON party is a farce. They all need to be investigated independently. Shattered govt.
you mean you corrupt democrats should handle it.  
@klyssa this

kind of like expecting you to speak out against dem corruption? You're crooked, we know it. Go home, you're drunk.
I agree, principled Repubs more protected this way too. How hard this must be for them. They stand up for RIGHT & are attacked.
Yes, please!
All of U are afraid of truth! Stop w/UR LIES TO ALL IT IS DISGRACE & TREASON THINGS U & DEMOCRATICS SAY! U R WHY LEFT DEMOCRATS

@IngridThoft this coming from Mrs Independent
yep @TheDemocrats keep up with your nonsense as the economy gets better and our neighborhoods safer. 2018 will be EPIC 
@TGowdySC said lock up leakers. @Rep_DevinNunes  did he leak to the press or President ? If so, LOCK HIM UP,LOCK HIM UP.
I think that will happen.
you are right.
Do it Liz Get rid of Nunes NOW
he's probably involved in it up to his neck and it is Buddy comrade Trump
Nunes must resign.
stop it Beth and focus on the state that elected you and making it safer from the threat of terror
A shame, since Gorsuch is an honorable person, unlike the fraud who nominated him. I wonder if President Pence would back him?
@maddow Pocahontas is the last person who should question integrity. As a real tribal member, she should resign in disgrace.
yes! Also independent studies on GMO's, pharmaceuticals and vaccines!!
@JeffersonObama Don't talk to us about transparency Pocahontas. Prove 2 us your Native American heritage with a 23andMe DNA test
into your heritage
@maddow George Mitchell, Hillary and Kissinger on the commission
keep pressing for full disclosure on Russia from all parties. Get DJTs taxes please.
yes, we expect and demand an independent investigation.
@maddow We're counting on you all to make sure this happens. Nunez is in cahoots w/Trump, Manafort, Flynn, et. al
YES
With Pocahontas doing the independent moderating, I suppose? No thank you!
stop the bs maybe u should investigate hillary and obama now that the truth is out.your lying ways is a dishonest to america.
*head esplode*
please call on Nunes' resignation
"Transparency" Coming from a Dem that doesn't exactly mean much.
@sactolawyer   .The American people expect no less, so how?
Wow, 15,000 retweets, and 40,000 likes.
get it done, Senator!
just like all the ones you called for to investigate all of Obamas scandals.
Call it #DevinNunesSubvertsNationalIntelligence and get rid of him from that committee. He is liar and a traitor. Purus!
Many see why Nunes came out with the truth today because the bipartisan intel commission is full of corrupt politicians.
He's proven that he can't be bipartisan. There HAS to be an indep. investigation. #DirtyTricks #SomethingsFishy
And you Ms Warren have been silent on your own parties mistakes., DNC corruption.

I hate trump yet cannot respect you.
It only keeps getting worse. This administration is in the back pocket of the Russians, and the truth needs to come out!
please force the Dems to fight this tooth and nail, absolute power corrupts absolutely
shut up
how about it is time for the entire farce of the administration to be OVER #Trumprussia #trumpdoesnotcare
@maddow really tell me one time your party did what you just ask for.
It is imperative.
@realDonaldTrump We must get Russia out of our Government before it's too late! #stoptrump #impeachtrump #traitorinchief
@DevinNunes We need an independent investigation & Nunes needs to resign!  He's a traitor to the American people.
i totaly agreee this is an outrage
I agree with you & Senator McCain!  There must be an independent investigation.
