It is disgusting the political games being played by the likes of Maxine Waters but for Sen. Leahy to join her in lockstep is apalling.
Uh, Sessions hasn't testified yet! Is there another"testimony" he's referring to, or can he see the future?
He must be a god!
Greta, ALREADY trashing Jeff Sessions before he even testifies? Typical.
I cannot remember the last time truth came out of your mouth. So who are you to judge what is truth??!!!!
His time came and went along time ago. He needs to retire.
Leahy u r going down tomorrow
Greta, Just why do u pander 2 prior leaker kicked off intel? He is poster boy 4 term limits w over 40 yrs. in Senate as a parasite.
According to who? You just can't find anyone who will about Trump, like you. Why don't you retire and help save the nation.
Irrelevant Senator from an even more irrelevant state!!!
I think VP Cheney said it best........
Partisan Democrat hack!  Term limits!  Drain the swamp NOW!!!
Good grief, I should believe this ultra progressive who supports partial birth abortion but opposes death of muderers!! Over 40 yrs Senate!!
Leahy a Democrat without a paddle.
There is a difference between untruthful and misunderstanding or even not remembering. I watched the hearing & the Dems badgered Sessions.
Leahy wouldn't know the truth if it slid up his leg & bit him! Sit down & be quiet, Leahy, with the rest of your do-nothing comrades! 
He was truthful.
So specifically what was untruthful
Come on Greta, you know sessions was truthful, this is not like you, tell it like it is not like MSNBC wants you to, hold up your head.
Who pays any attention to MSNBC!!!
Seriously...Leahy is perfect example of NEED FOR #TERMLIMITS 
smh   #Sad #RETIREnowLeahy
Term limits people. Term limits! #Drain the swamp!
Term limits.  Where is that constitutional amendment?
He says you can trust Comey's test. IS Loretta Lynch next? Comey spoke with her about sensitive info She told him to leave her office.????
He hasnt testified yet
Hush ! You know better than that...y'all will LIE about anything!!
But at least he's loyal #loyaltypledge 
I thought that was happening tomorrow?? #crystalballuphisass
And we should always believe Senator Patrick Leahy because...?
Lying, crying, liberal.
You are a jerk Mr Leay
What the heck is wrong with you Greta?
What did you expect?
Are they going to question all the Democrats who met with any Russians? Are they going to investigate HRC's connection with Russia?
How many time have you met with Russian Ambassador, Leahy?  He meets with all of you, at least those who matter.
no surprise there and carries zero weight, If Jesus was giving testimony leahy would call Jesus a liar. he is a democrap thats what they do
C'mon. Does anybody really think that former Senator Jeff Sessions is a Russian spy?  He forgot about a nothing meeting? What a crock Leahy.
After what he left behind in Alabama he has no credibility.
Leahy is biased and out for blood. He also needs to retire.
Greta,  Why, why, why are you on MSNBC?  Take your ridiculous "Pollyanna" self somewhere else.
Come on jeff lie...
Show us proof or shut up we are tired of false accusations and lies if you can't prove it shut up
Of course!  He's a Democratic Obstructionist!
Leech Leahy isn't truthful.
Democrats, CNN, MSNBC anchors except Greta have the credibility & believability of Bill Cosby. Low on facts, big on emotion and deception.
And he knows this because
I guess one liar can spot another.
Obama lackey.
this guy is barely coherent
And when does MSNBC ever tell the truth
Another example of why we need TERM LIMITS! His and other democrats are wasting taxpayer dollars to keep digging til they find something.SAD
Democrats are lying abot Sessions I call all Republicans to take a firm stand in support of this good man Time to take down Ds evil plot
Any Republican can say anything or read it from the Bible and the left would just say they aren't truthful
Democrats are slowly turning. They see the winds changing
Like Leahy would know the TRUTH..
Nope not true
Open a book. Leahy resigned, wasn't kicked out, 30 years ago. Nice try though.  #ImpeachTrump
U gone left Greta. Wow
If you have proof bring it to the American People don't spout from the backstage. This is the problem with people like you.
It is gonna take time to drain the swamp!
Well Senator Leahy, bet you got plenty of skeletons in your closet!  Weneed to take a closer look at this weasel ! Who's on your donor list
Yes, and @DanRather said Russia pulled off a psychological "Pearl Harbor." A media fraud and a partisan hack. #leakyleahy
Says one of the most dishonest senators of the lot. Leaky Leahy has ZERO credibility to judge anyone
Sen. Leahy is a U.S. Senator of dedicated Public Service..diaper don is a TAX EVADER & DRAFT DODGER never serving a day of Public Service.
Should Sessions answers be that he has no RECOLLECTION then obviously he shouldn't hold office. 1should have a good frame of mind 4 the job.
I think "To the best of my recollection" is going to be the catch phrase of this entire administration. or, "Oh snap, i forgot that meeting"
I wonder if the Senator was saying the same thing when Obama was  telling us we could keep our healthcare?
According to MSNBC has Trump ever done anything right other than winning the presidency?
Says fake news
DNC has become a disgrace.  In some ways, it is sad, but then again, no!
Shouldn't he wait till after the testimony?
Dems waste time! Pass Legislation & Stop fishing! Work in August to Lower Taxes & Fix Healthcare! @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #MAGA NOW
So what new with this response from a Democrat. On and on and on
He's a democrat following his party's talking points.  Completely worthless
Greta what the heck is wrong with you. Have you become a mouth piece for the scumbags on the left. Thought you was better than this
Greta, c'mon you're acting like you belong and fit right in at MSNBC.  Not the reporter I used to watch and respect
Well you can have her back on FAKE NEWS!! We were perfectly happy without her twisted partisan view!! Breaking :Trumps offspring are adults!
Except for Baron
I haven't heard an honest word out of this guys mouth......EVER!
still in denial hey we won elections have consequences
Wave the MSN banner !
yeah Leahy but comeys was why don't you give all of us a break and stop dems are not for Americans we know that
Nothing has been truthful from Democratic Senators.....................
When is the last time a Democrat has been truthful? This isn't news. It's garbage.
Greta...Shame on you that you Promote innuendos that S.Leahy is credible person, when he is as corrupt as Hillary and Schumer...Disgraceful.
Lots of Dem liked & respected Sessions before Trump picked him. The Left is untrustworthy they will destroyall becuz they lost.
Is he calling the man @jeffsessions with the most integrity in DC a ?
It's going to be a great day when these over the hill 1 foot in the grave SOB'S start kicking the bucket  I will celebrate with wine & song
Love to have his old dried up ass testifying about this Fake Scandal & who is behind it & what did he know and when did he know it. Obama?
You noticed 
Leahy would not acknowledge truth from a Republican if his life depended upon it. Part of the Swamp!
Leahy is part of the swamp!!  He so needs to be replaced!!
C'mon Greta, Leahy has no credibility
I used to watch Greta every night. Now you are unwatchable. Apparently you are in this for a pay check.  Certainly not helpful to anyone
Ohhh doooo nothing else going just Russia, Was there border agent mutililated? Did the coal just report 1st profit n years?
What's Sessions' rationale for not disclosing his contact with Russian officials? It's a recurring theme.
No it's not. They specifically asked if he met with them in dealing with for the Trump campaign.
No they asked if he had met with them and he said no! Then he had some lame "I answered to quickly" correction when he was caught lying
what do you expect from a dem. they will say that about any of @POTUS cabinet every time. Very unreliable source to quote.
Poster Boy For #TermLimits
Tell him that face to face, man to man, without grandstanding on MSNBC
As told to him, cause he slept through most of it.
Did I miss something? He's seen the future and drawn conclusions on tomorrow? Or is this a prior non truth? Getting hard to follow Dems line
Another old swamp dwelling turd that should have been collecting lunch trays at a senior home
Anyone recall that Sen Leahy (Leaky) was kicked off Sen Intel Comm. for leaking to press? I do!
Another hack that has to go
Am a supporter of the President. Comey admitted being a coward and leaking. Pretty truthful
