I trust you to do the right thing. Does he support the bill of rights without equivocation?
Oh, yes you will.  Just out of spite like all of the other sore losers who seek to thwart a Donald Trump Presidency. Face it.
::please vote NO on Gorsuch!! This nom was stolen by anti democratic & fascist tactics. Merrick Garland should be on SCOTUS
@Sifill_LDF Respectfully disagree; Gorsuch is tainted. The nomination should be blocked until Trump/Russiagate r investigated
Please filibuster to block Judge Gorsuch. He is pro-corporate wealth & we need an independent investigation of Trump & Russia asap.
This is not your typical SCOTUS nomination. The GOP violated the constitution & stole the seat. You MUST #FilibusterGorsuch!!
remember Garland. Give them nothing.
No judge, no defender of justice, should tell a working man to die at his employer's command.
Gorsuch is qualified
do was Garland
@Sifill_LDF our 8 current #SCOTUS justices just overruled #Gorsuch decision... #Gorsuch is not ready or worthy of #SCOTUS
@Sifill_LDF you also need to wait until #trump is cleared in #RussiaGate #scandal
.@SenatorLeahy  Please so what it takes to stop Mr Gorsuch from joining the Court. Two branches of govt now controlled by these people. 3??
this is a different situation. Fillibstr needed bc its an illigit apptmt. Stolen from Garland. Fake Prez- get him OUT!
@SenatorLeahy has a "dirty" @POTUS coz u werewhenDJTgave2?'s
NowUWant2AgainByContaminating @Scotus w/aSlimShady
it's a really good thing you just got re-elected. Vermonters don't forget though...See you soon at your next town meeting
A vote for Gorsuch by any Democrat will drive Democrats further Left in the search for someone who can stand ground to R's.
Begging you to filibuster.Understand your reluctance -it's not to be taken lightly.But we must 1st find out if Trump is legit.
You'd best filibuster anyway, dearest Senator. Thank you for standing up to Mitch. He is an evil MoFo.
do your job.  Filibuster
Voted for you. Filibuster. Rs obstructed the nom of a legit pres, least you can do is obstruct nom of #Trumprussia
#resist and #filibuster #stolenseat #nuclearoption will be used down the road #makeastand now.
You never were that picky about Democratic nominations, WERE YOU?
Give Garland a vote. Constitutional rules matter. Rules were broken by Rs and that violation must not stand. This is a stolen SCOTUS seat.
.@SenatorLeahy I'm ur donor-Don’t help GOP get pro-Corporate $COTUS 4 decades-#FilibusterGorsuch-Make History! @SenSchumer @SenateDems
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
@Sifill_LDF please do not legitimize the final act of this farce by participating. Make the GOP own this subversion fully.
Senator I am horrified you would consider approving Trump's nominee. Please don't make me sorry I voted for you in November.
@Sifill_LDF Merritt Garland changes all the historic rules. Gorsuch must be filibustered.
#FilibusterGorshuch #FilibusterGorshuch #FilibusterGorshuch #FilibusterGorshuch #FilibusterGorshuch #FilibusterGorshuch
Grow a spine, then reconsider.
.@SenatorLeahy This is pathetic
He will probably ignore them or dance around them bigly.  Vote no
.@SenatorLeahy we hope you join the filibuster to register the people's dissent against a nomination by pres. under criminal investigation.
how do you get that old and still think we believe your bullshit? You will be a NO vote, you fool no one.
and while you're waiting for Gorsuch's reply could you protect our Broadband Privacy - we'd appreciate it. Thank you.
Millions spent on Ads for Gorsuch appt!  ? Hold up appt until FBI OK :NO WH collusion! Lifetime appt 2 important!
@CoryBooker
Millions spent on Ads for Gorsuch appt!  ? Hold up appt until FBI OK :NO WH collusion! Lifetime appt 2 important!
This is so disappointing. When will our party have a spine? We can't play by old rules when they don't.
I hope you decide to filibuster, it's inappropriate for any appointees to go through before other investigations are complete.
Very difficult. Dems should distinguish symbolism from substance; this nominee, however, will be on bench for decades to come.
You should filibuster it simply on the grounds that there is already a nominee- Garland -who deserves a vote.
A "trial" is not "fair" if the client wanted a plea bargain--it is unfair from the outset. Gorsuch must learn English!
Neil Gorsuch doesn't even seem to know that "driving" a vehicle is a *type* of "operating."
There is always a first. Filibuster him!
I urge you to use common sense, look at his past actions rather than his current words
your job is to stop extremists like Gorsuch, by any mean necessary! #Resist #FilibusterGorsuch
Not only was this seat stolen, the president is under multiple investigations. You must filibuster.
Pls do NOT vote for cloture on Gorsuch, anti-worker & civl rghts, pro-big money. No filibuster=hypocrisy on Dem princpls
Filibuster
@rolandsmartin vote No please Senator. Do not allow threats of the 'nuclear option' impact that vote
@rolandsmartin  please filibuster. Your questions are important but so are the others he evaded.
your base and supporters fully expect you to filibuster this stolen seat
NO!
considering a decision of his was just overturned by the entire USSC, he should be a no-go. Signed a VTer.
so what's the reason to betray your own party?
If Trump is under FBI investigation, the vote should be postponed.
Senator, if it comes to worst, TrumpRussia, do you want to have voted for a traitor's SCOTUS pick?
I hope you are NOT backing down. #Russia on #SCOTUS is not a good look.
The campaign—and therefore the administration—is under criminal investigation. Please: delay, any way necessary.
He had one case overturned out of 2,700 
Had he not learned enough to bring Justice back to the USA ? 
"We The People"
.@SenatorLeahy Please Filibuster.  The vote should be postponed until after the Russia investigation.
No matter how good a tenure he has he will always be fruit of the poisonous tree.
Pat, you know he needs 2 B blocked
I've voted 4 U 4 decades
Imagine him judging U!
His past decisions say it all
Vote against
Why? Just curious, why is a nomination considered sacred? Coming from DJT everything he touches is rotten.
@marcylauren Nice idea but they lie anyway and get away with it. Just don't vote for him, SIMPLE
Get inclined, Pat. Being unable to present a unified effort on even this extreme front is boggling to watch as a voter.
@McCormackJohn Fair enough.  How about our asking Senators questions under oath, as well?
I feel the Gorsuch seat is stolen. History dictates we should resist though it is futile. You do what's best for us. Thanks.
After the way they treated the Merrick Garland nomination? Any dem who doesn't fillibuster should NOT be re-elected!
@TinaMorphis As a woman, I urge you to filibuster Gorsuch. He will unleash a 40 year war on any who is not a white hetero male
Just say NO.
Tough call, agree. But 1.) dark money ads promoting him 2.) his backroom vetting by unknown conservative parties enough 4 me.
Very much hope you will conclude that #Filibuster is warranted, @SenatorLeahy. Gorsuch should have to earn 60 votes. #NoOnGorsuch
It is not Gorsuch seat 
It was Garlands seat 
Quit playing with the GOP you only get burned 
NO CONFIRMATION
FILIBUSTER is the ONLY option especially since EIGHT sitting judges do NOT want him onboard.  Speaks volumes.
do NOT confirm.
just say no! He could be on bench 50 years. #Gorsuch
@McCormackJohn Be independent. Don't fall in lock step just because Schumer said so.
@blakehounshell I think it is imperative that his appointment is put on hold until intel investigations are complete
w/all due respect, Senator, if you can’t filibuster just based on fact that GOP stole Obama’s nominee, you’ve got a problem.
This is a stolen seat. It belongs to Merrick Garland. No matter how qualified Neil Gorsuch is, he cannot be allowed to have it
he should not be confirmed under the cloud over the WH. Clear trump, then confirm.
let's just say Trump is found to have been colluding with Russia. Shouldn't we wait on all nominees until we know?
please cut the bs would you?  You lost the election now vote to confirm period!

Pls dont b "he uses big words well" & b distracted from his demagoguing authoritarianism. Lifetime appt not "just politics"!
@SenateDems @SenSchumer No U don't have 2 wait. Especially when Dems that vote 4 U demand it. You work 4 us. #Filibuster
Thank you.
Fair and reasonable way to go about things. Go with your conscience, Senator- your base may disagree, but so it goes...
- FILIBUSTER!
