They don't feel the need to debate. They're willing to sacrifice American lives for their agenda.
They will be debating it w/ Bernie and Klobachar Monday nite CNN.
Bernie is giving a speech about Medicare-4-all TOMORROW in San Francisco. He’s evil. #SaveACA
They will be debating it w/ Bernie and Klobachar Monday nite CNN.
Evil??? Bernie is trying to bring healthcare to all, in the exact way all westernized nations provide heathcare to their people
Exactly.
I want healthcare for all but dont think now us best time. Too polarizing when main goal shld be to get rid of Trump. Fix Ocare for now.
It's academic so long as the GOP controls Congress.
Will anything sway these senators into compassionate for the people who elected them?
Compassion? Unlikely. Change of vote? If they realize it will cost them too much money or it'll cost them reelection. Sad but the truth.
Agreed! My naivety left around November of last year. I do not like being this suspicious, skeptical. 
Same. 
Politics are certainly not pretty. But, I did not think congress was so sneaky and uncaring about American and its people.
I thought they just believe in different ways of doing things. But they are truly evil people. Dark Money by Mayer it is eye opening
Thanks, will check this out, also 'get me roger Stone'' on Netflix is an eye opener
Will check that out.
KOCH CANT BUY EVERYONE!!!!!
Really?  Seem to have bought the GOP
And that's not all. DLC (the 'centrist' wing of Democratic party) received $100,000 donation from them starting out in 1985. Illuminating
This was one time?  What is the deal?  How much have they given the GOP?  Are you comparing the two?  What did they give Bernie?
They gave Bernie nothing. He doesn't take money from sources like that. And I have no idea if that was the last donation 2 DLC
Bernie did take corporate money. He denies it but he did
A lie from the #Brockholes disproven during the primary. It came from a mockup that combined corp spending & individual donations,
It did not distinguish between them.It was made up by, if I recall correctly,  known Bernie hater, Neera Tandem. Centrists can be awfully
Medicaid? That's all you need to know. It's all about the $. That's it. So much waste and fraud in that system and they will get exposed
Thx for the info. Voting will change how politicians act if there's a cost for doing the wrong thing. 2018 will tell us if we've learned.
@JohnCornyn @tedcruz i suppose that YOU know more about medical care/coverage/costs/impact than the Medicaid Dirs of ALL 50 states, right?
Slavitt lied through his teeth to you.  At most it was 12 states, maybe as few as 8.
Dishonesty is your middle name. You should be ashamed of yourself, but that would require having a conscience.
Kill the bill!!! Kill the bill!!! Kill the Bill!!!
There is no getting around this correct? Who will the brave R senators be to kill this bill this week?
1/Anyone who has ever had exposure to State HealthCare bureaucracies will immediately recognize this letter as the most honest summary of...
Except that's not what it was.  Slavitt lied through his teeth to you.  So did Valerie Jarrett.
@SenatorCollins BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.
No they didn't.  Slavitt lied to you.
When are you going to correct the record, Andy?  Your tweet conveys falsehoods on several levels. Defeat G-S based upon fact, not canard.
@barbipesc @dnvrsangel @mcalister_kathy
this is what it's all about right here
Fake memes are fake
Not all that big:
@SenCapito have your staff read this and tell us that you care about WV, assuming this is not fake. You owe us.
The letter's not fake, but Slavitt's portrayal of it is a lie.
Truly unprecedented.  It appears that the only people who like this bill are a few old, white, GOP men.  Why force it upon Americans?
Are there any groups, other than the GOP that think this bill is good? I'm confused, why GOP lawmakers think this is what Americans want!
They do not care what we want. They want Koch and merger money
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @LindseyGrahamSC Does any of this give you pause? How many expert opinions do you need to stop the crazy train?
Well, considering Slavitt lied to you and the "expert" opinions numbered at most 12 and possibly just 8...
BIGLY big. & it's almost as if Jimmy Kimmel was… right.
Except...Slavitt lied to you.
Need to sent this to Chris Berg
Did they unanimously agree on this policy or did their national association just speak for all 50?
It appears to be the latter according to the statement on their website. The statement actually comes from the board of directors
Yet @BillCassidy and @LindseyGrahamSC continue to lie to the American public
Either they are truly very dumb or they believe"WE THE PEOPLE ARE!.............. We aren't!
Very huge
I guess we leave the Democrat-passed ACA in place and see how people like it. Watch the insurance companies run for the hills even more
GOP will pass immoral Graham-Cassidy come hell or high water. They think only their voters will punish them unless they repeal. Oh so wrong.
Yeah, but Obama was a black man. And he was president, you see. The GOP has to erase his legacy.
You are so right
No, he's not.  Slavitt lied to you.
And yet, Andy, the supporters of this horrible version of #TrumpCare keep lying to us about it. We see you, and here's even more proof.
Speaking of lying, that's EXACTLY what Slavitt did, and you swallowed it whole.
According to the wsj journal I just read, this statement is complete bs
...1/2 not cave to big insurance companies & big pharma. The money is in the salaries & bonuses of their execs, not everyday people!!!
It's stunning that 47 GOP senators are so blinded by their prejudices and greed that they refuse to accept this.  THROW THE GREEDY BUMS OUT.
It's stunning that you would believe the liar Slavitt.
@lisamurkowski BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.
@ScottWalker @GovWalker "The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from 50 states issued neg statement abt Graham Cassidy...READ IT Walker!!!
WSJ has discredited @ASlabvitt's tweet.
Billionares don't need managed health care..hourly pay..reasonable rx prices..that's how they can shit on the rest of us and smile
Unfortunately the idiots don't care. Just want ACA gone
Even 2015 Trump is against this.
I was the first & only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid. Huckabee copied me.
Thx @ASlavitt this is significant.
(Tho NAMD @statemedicaid had issued stmt on BCRA)
#GCHJ
http://medicaiddirectors.org/namd-statement-on-graham-cassidy/ …
BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.…
It's a significant lie, is what it is.
It won't matter to T people. they are hell bent on killing the ACA not matter if it kills a lot of people.anything to M T right W base happy
@SenateGOP not 1 endorsement from 1 patient/doctor/advocacy/policy/insurance group. #grahamcassidy is a bad bill and you know it.
Far from endorsements, so many groups have soundly condemned it!!! From AARP to the AMA!
I can not believe Lindsay Graham would do something like this I am disgusted with him. I am a life long democrat but I actually liked him
Congress is trying to highjack Obamacare because a black man had the audacity to become a great president.
Congress should be having heads of Medicare/Medicaid & ACOs involved...people who know, people in the trenches, not cave to...1/2
It is almost as if the real goal of the #GrahamCassidy Bill is to screw over as many people's healthcare as much as possible.
EACH CITIZEN SHOULD MAKE HER VOICE HEARD 
They have guts and integrity unlike Congress.
Yes,Let's stick with bankrupt Obamacare that's crushing 25 Million Americans who have it,but can't use it due to its $8 and $13K Deductibles
@realDonaldTrump Did you see what the Medicaid Directors from all 50 states said re Graham- Cassidy?
Good
We want more power...just not the responsibility...
Wow.   Awesome.
Why don't you ridiculous politicians add yourselves to the health plan you expect the people are forced to be endure... ACA? Well, no reply?
Steve Summer s and I agree
50 State s issued negative statement about Graham -Cassidy Jim Rickard s and I agree @RandPaul @JebBush @KarlRove
@lisamurkowski When the Nat Assoc of Medicaid Directors tell you the Graham-Cassidy bill won't work, you have to listen. CBO score needed!
Doesn't bother Graham or Cassidy a bit. Not relevant. What IS, apparently, is sagging donations from wealthy Republicans.
I expect the President will read that
Warning, someone threatens to cut our budget and we don't like that. Saving everyone a click. You're welcome. #biggovt
@GOP are the most selfish group of people ever. Take money from the poor so they can fly private jets.
Here's what we deal with in TX.  County GOP calls Medicaid Directors "the swamp" that needs to be drained.
Well, I can't read the statement but having read over many remarks one point I don't see---we need to get ppl working and off of medicaid
aiming to exterminate 50 million. When do the stop! Their own citizens FGS!
Duh!  They finally realized someone has to pay for all of this!!
@DeanHeller Have you seen this tweet? Maybe you should check things out before you vote for something that shouldn't be.
@POTUS44 @POTUS45 Say yes to #Obamacare #ACA
No surprise since it would create more work for states & Medicare/Aid so full of fraud.
Nothing it's what they campaign on , they want to get it done at any cost ...
Well NOW,  that could convince a hand full of Republican Senators to vote no.  Wow
« Most unusual biggly statement ever. PERIOD » 
#Sad!NotSad!
What is salary of these individuals?
All these senators and congressmen who vote for any of these oppressive policies should be taken out and shot.  They don't pay attention.
Seems everyone knows more about how to accomplish meeting the medical needs of our citizens than the Republicans that hold a grudge.
@realDonaldTrump look at what you are promoting. It's a death panel.
I made my calls and will have a phone bank in Sacramento
No, they are counting on people to accept their lies, misinformation and the fantasy world they live in - Washington......
Do they get a kickback
Well done now kick em out of congress. Extremely careless and not the level of execution expected of the highest ranking congressman in US.
I still think if senators had to take the same bill they vote for, then we would see a different plan to look forward to.
Yea, directly effects their wallets
Don't be fooled. This statement was made by organization-not by individual governors . Many favor republican plan & getting rid if o-care.
Democracy in Chains by MacLean is also worth reading.  Gives the theory behind the radical right.
That is good but they just can't persuade the red states' GOP senators to vote the Graham/Cassidy legislation done. Cuz of rich doners
TLDR version: "Your plan sucks and will screw us all."
Well of course they did...they make a fortune from Obamacare, do you expect they’d like it being rolled back?
What does this tell common sense people?wake up senate republicans!!it is a horrific bill
Sell it to Drumpf as "the biggest, greatest rejection ever..?"
Breaking is right. Breaking the GOP's crinkled old haggard spirits. Huzzah and Harumph!
November 2018 can't come fast enough


In essence, limitations=bad??
Best endorsement that bill could ever get.
Pretty fucking compelling.
It's sad that congress can speak trillions on wars,most wasted,yet when $1.00 is for the American ppl,they have. Problem. Remember Flint Mi
Meant spend
Yes,you'd all of a sudden have to act responsibly.
Even a GOVERNMENT healthcare agency is against it! You'd think the Repugs could take a hint!!!
the Koch brothers need to go. how much money do they need. greedy pos,s. disgusting people they have everything but want more disgusting.
Read this & stop lying to your constituents @JudgeCarter @texasgov @tedcruz @JohnCornyn
They are being told by donors to get the repeal done. We have been sold out to big money. Our nation is in sad shape.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @PressSec all50 states, this is one huge reason you #FakePresident/republicans are worst ever NOT HUMANE
@kellyjomacy
Fake news. Bipartisan Medicaid directors do not exist.
Why is it that so many other places in the world have figured out health care for all and we find it so difficult??? Really geez
Unusual? It's a freaking miracle!!! That's how bad graham-Cassidy is!!
Hey @BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC Please hear this, hear us. #GrahamCassidyNO
Why would @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy @SenateGOP Push this Cause Koch Bros & Steve Wynn will/ have cut off blood money unless they pass it
What do u think sen mccain? @SenJohnMcCain
What do they now that the Republicans don't? Everything
@SenMikeLee @senorrinhatch @RepChrisStewart @GovHerbert all 50 bipartisan state Medicaid experts R telling you NO to #GrahamCassidy. Listen!
@thehill Guess Sen. Graham's gotta find new Doners?? 
At this point let it pass and give ownership to the Republicans. Trumpeters want change then I guarantee they will see change!
The last GOP healthcare bill was estimated to cost approx 900,000 healthcare jobs. Any word on the mass destruction this one will do? MAGA?
No one likes it
Surprised? Their budgets are tied to Medicaid. Any cuts hurt them personally. They perpetuate waste, fraud and abuse.
Oh hell, what do they know compared to the brilliance of Trump’s Gang of 4...Graham, Cassidy, McConnell, Ryan.
Thanks, that is an amazing outcry
In this most wealthy of nations, we have the right to bear arms but not to a sensible healthcare program. Go figure!

do @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenCapito really need to wait longer to announce?
SO what # repeal attempt is this? lol
American people take this as an educated lesson on who not to vote for. If you want to save us save us with your vote. #Fakeofficials
ACA is based on the idea that once you start handing out federal dollars to expand Medicaid no one would be willing to give it back.
Why does EVERYTHING have to be hyperbole these days?! The board of directors of the association issued that letter, not all 50 directors.
Warning the Graham-Cassidy Bill is in danger!
Bigly, if true...
Senator John McCain will vote no on the horrible health care plan up for a vote next week. Even with brain cancer, he remains a hero.
Do they have lobbists?
Keep obamacare
The options have been framed as a free for all with a safety net or a single payer.  I would like to see the Swiss system explored.
2/the alternate is taxing people to oblivion and watching themselves getting voted out of office.
Not unusual what would happen if the states had to regulate Medicaid? That have to reform it or watch it go under. 1/
@realDonaldTrump you will own this!
Underlining the implicit failure of the GOP to consider anything that benefits the healthcare system or health of individuals #healthpolicy
@SenToomey ,@RickSantorum ,@lisamurkowski  @realDonaldTrump
Health care is a human right.   People over party.
Change is hard, most resist, so I don't find this very surprising at all. Imagine what will happen if tax reform ever happens.
The board of directors is not from all 50 states.
Never argue with a child. Even Kim 33 years old, realized that Trump is crazy! The kid is having fun pissing him off!
This is so TRUE as each State runs the program a bit diff 2 begin with, there are mandatory benefits but states have freedom 2 b individual
These people are smart and know what they are talking about!  Listen to them!
Who paid the bill for all that was injured by vanilla ISIS! Soon, we'll all be alive, blind crippled and crazy!
That's fishy that all 50 are against it. Very fishy
This reflection of a party to fulfill a campaign promise not concerned about the people including Trump so called base repair Obamacare
32 mill losing healthcare is big. Grateful for their fortitude. A shame the GOP has buried theirs, with no map to find it.

May you loss your healthcare

"Sorry, we have to cut your Medicaid. There's just not enough money" -- guy flying on a Lear Jet charter to Aspen.
What is wrong with republicans? They always seem to not give a damn about anything or anybody. Maybe it's because they don't!
OMG, Andy.  Would you expect anything different?  You and the 50 directors all reside in the swamp. And NONE of you admit ACA is a disaster
Everyone agrees this is terrible except the folks looking at tough re-elections in '18.  Had 7+ yrs to figure it out. 1 wk sprint won't work
Senators - please pay attention to the chaos you are about to cause with your latest health insurance plan!!! Do NOT pass the current bill!!
What happens to M4A if immigration laws are not enforced while facing the billions of poor people who'd like to move here?
McCain is a no!!'
Until we deal w/ Citizens United and get massive money out of politics, politicians ignoring warnings like this will always be our reality.
Graham Cassidy is the payback for millions that supported Obama...so it seems...they are heartless
#GOPtreason #MAGA
It won't matter.  GOP wants to wipe out all trace of Obama regardless of consequences to anyone.
@JohnCornyn do you see this???  VOTE NO!  VOTE NO!  VOTE NO!!!!  Listen to the people for once!!!!!
This is not true for my state per @carigervin
People how we change this is vote them out no matter what next year!  We as American people despite party have to decide our own fate.
Spokesperson for Satan, "And you think I'm evil and cruel? Have you read the Graham- Cassidy bill?"
Yeah bipartisan, just like you are
Sitting with @harvardmed students connecting patients in Kansas, WV and AZ to their senators. Vote against Trumpcare!
Awesome!!!!!
@SenJohnMcCain Sen @lisamurkowski
I'm shocked, SHOCKED to see directors complain when their budgets are cut.  UNPRECEDENTED!
They clarified the statement is from their board & doesn't reflect agreement by all Medicaid Directors
Wow. So that's a thing.
Your "representatives" only care about reelection, and their big donors (Koch bros.,PACs) want their tax cuts. It's about that, not people.
This horrible bill needs to be killed before it kills Americans
Obviously!
Text "resist" to 50409, tell your reps to vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. Let's overload their fax machines today. Now.Or letters, or phonecalls.
Good The Republican finally have a consensus on something for the first time in the History of the Party.
Who else must they hear from that this bill is just an abomination?!
They are not bi-partisan, they are leaches of the system.  All they care about is more money irregardless of the cost to American workers!
Great. Hope it helps defeat the bad for people bill
Please check this out and share if you will- https://www.usatoday.com/border-wall/ 
