Think of the lives he will save when he returns to his country of origin.  #ByeByeDaca
"DACA Paramedic Does More for Others in a Week than Trump Has Done in his Entire Life"
o FFS. 
Get OVER yourself. 
No matter how sad you are HRC didn't win, Trump has done a lot for the ppl of this country.
Another heroThank God for them

Nice morning! Beautiful pic!Thanks katyayan!
Nice evening Ana. Welcome always for your kind words 
Become a legal citizen and stay here
"How DARE he come into this country and save lives?! What if that encourages others to come here and save lives?!"
Gasp!!! Whatever will we do?
We better build a wall using the money that could be used to provide universal health care! Health care would only save even more lives!
Ummmm u think people haven't died from lack of healthcare!?!? That's so sad if u are that knuckleheaded
He taking a job from a legal American .
The fact is most #Americans had no problem with making accommodations for "Dreamer" types

#Democrats have proven too corrupt 

#EndDACA
easy to spot a fox "news" ppl. UK refused to brainwash their citizens with fox "news"we should do that too.Many ppl will find happinessagain
Trump should be impeached solely for making these families suffer in fear, while he spends his holiday weekend golfing on our dime. Again.
Monster.
Wait until he puts in a FEMA claim for Miralago
That should be interesting.
Yet the lib media makes them out to be helpless little children 
How long has he had to become a citizen?
No, it was, and is, his illegal alien parents who chose to do this to him. @POTUS is simply enforcing the laws of our nation.
haur what are you sayng
Blame Obama, he used his pen, instead of going through Congress, making it unconstitutional to begin with.
@Alyssa_Milano @BuzzFeedNews
@realDonaldTrump
Amer gave #dreamers a chance, they love USA. What now?
Answer- Help them & fams to becomes citizens.
They USA! #saveDACA
You need to stay in this Country! You a role model and do not deserve to sent home, this is your Home!
Well when he's done he should go here:
@Alyssa_Milano @BuzzFeedNews very kind of him. I can show you thousands of other heroes also
Puleeze.. stop with the excuses, if you lived in USA illegally and obtained/stole free education under false pretense you are a major Felon.
OBVIOUSLY he knew it could/would come to this. Think maybe he shouldve done something before now?????????????
So what..The black democrat mayor of Huston would not issue an evucation order to protect his illegal aliens,
Wht not just immigrate legally? He has a great job and can afford to
Rescinding the order and giving congress 6 months forces them to legally make changes to immigration laws. #overreaction
All that money he was making he shouldn't of gotte his legal status. #priorities!

Excellent! He's well prepared to get employment in #Mexico, guess he can thank #American taxpayers for that! #DACA #MAGA #Trump
Here is another.
He is not making people already in rolled in the program stop, he just not allowing new ones. If you love it so much then you pay for it.
What about the horrible things other Dreamers have done?
So did lots of other people Outpouring of help, prayer, hope, aid, love was widespread except from Milano she's HATE
Exactly how much did your God, your King Obama every give to any charity or act of Nature? Oh that's right none. Stick to your day job!
And, your point? They're still Illegals, so if they are employed, who's SSN did they give to their employer when hired?
So why hasn't he tried to make his status permanent?
how about being here legally? illegal=illegal=a crime, period
DACA was a cynical attempt by @BarackObama.... 
to try to increase registration going into the 2012 election."
.@WilsonWPA: "[#DACA] was a cynical attempt by @BarackObama.... to try to increase registration going into the 2012 election." 
I would like to know what ALL the other "Dreamers" are doing too. This man is not a child so why hasn't he taken the steps to be legal?

And for everyone like him there is one like this guy.
@realDonaldTrump, you have a video saying that dreamers are not dreaming, seriously you need to reverse that claim
Start picketing the democrats in congress and the senate.  It is there job to fix this.  Stop pushing ideological garbage.
Whoop see fucking do! Mexico sent people on trucks to help with Harvey too but they aren't becoming citizens! The law is the law. Period
Think about all the good they will do in their home country for the people there now
#DefendDACA
And no one will step up and sponsor him? Where are you Democrats?
His home country sure could use his help & skills. Does his home country not have emergencies?
But One Dum Fuc couldn't care less about that!
So does other Americans.
Good, go through the immigration process to become a legal citizen..problem solved..
Illegals cost 100's of billions of dollars to feed, house clothe, educate, and imprison. Face facts don't whitewash.
https://twitter.com/1trump2016fan7/status/904564948809916421 …
.@realDonaldTrump
if America doesn't want DACA (Dreamers) I'm sure Canada would be glad to take in people with skills like their's and educations!
So?  Hundreds of Cajuns did too but they didn't get headlines.
If he is educated to fill out job apps, he can fill out paper work to become legal! If not deport!
Rapist with DACA status. What's your point?
These people who are suffering because of this should blame and go after those 40-60k individuals who did daca illegally and ruined it.
You break the law, you take responsibility for the repercussions. Period, dot, end of story.
Awesome... True Hero... Much appreciated. Thanks... Now apply for citizenship like anyone else.. NOT DEPORTED.. But still go through process
Then why doesn't he want to be an American? We take everybody! Let him go sign up the right way. Wth.
Thats not the point.The law is the law
Very sad
Great!  Mexico needs more people like him to Fix up their country. It would  be a Shame if he stayed illegally here when they Need him back.
Did he rescue victims because he is DACA or because he is a paramedic? Cause POTUS is removing DACA not paramedics.
Well since DOCS wasn't put into effect when he was a child as they all claim, he knew he was here illegally. Apply in Mexico for parametric
I applaud him but was he the only one?
He's more of a citizen than Trump will ever be
That's awesome but all humankind should helpeven Mexicans illegally here should help. Militant Dreamers are not endearing themselves to us
Daca must be saved.
6 days more than Trump has done ... Trump talks...but a hero acts...thank you for what u give and I am ashamed for what he is doing
Absolutely unacceptable everything horrific inhuman thing Trump keeps doing ...
@realDonaldTrump defends assaulting women, murderers as fine ppl but THIS guy OMG THIS guy needs to go - YES America that's who 'we' elected
Idiot in chief must believe he is taking the job of red-blooded American paramedics
Illegal is illegal!
That's wonderful & I applaud him. Is he a citizen? If not, he's breaking the law & should be deported.
So what?  Thanks, but you're STILL illegal!
@DebbieMonterrey @BuzzFeedNews my question why can't he become a citizen legally since he is old enough? What stops him?
any answer????
Thank you!!!
Go home (that u dnt know) DACA & stop saving REAL Americans. Hmm I guess when said out loud it really does sound DUMB & INHUMANE
#EndDACA  so did a lot of others who where born here.
Wonder how many white trash Trump voters would have done that.
UY
#DACA must be protected @realDonaldTrump. Immigrants are part of what makes America great. #nationofimmigrants
#DeportThemAll #AltRight
What an irony:  Trump is turning down Jesus who helps people. His name is JESUS!!! And he's helping people! What a christian thing to do.
More American than the POS in the White House as far as I'm concerned.
And it has nothing to do with #DACA

Way to go, Dreamers contribute and some actually become hero's.
Keep the DACA promise - IMPEACH TRUMP! @realDonaldTrump must go - TAKE BACK OUR COUNTRY from this man-child b4 it is to late!
This para medic contributes more good to the USA than @realDonaldTrump ever provided or will provide - IMPEACH NOW SAVE OUR COUNTRY!
impeach @realDonaldTrump hes a garbage human being
Does @KenPaxtonTX know this?  Keep  DACA!
This guy isn't a child.

“The Mighty Wurlitzer: How the CIA Played America” http://fb.me/6gThvgJyv 
Time to go ...
Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Deferred = Put Off  If Trump ends DACA, Congress will be forced to establish a path to citizenship.
@AGJeffLandry Stop this madness. Withdraw your signature from the AG letter like others have done. @JohnKennedyLA @BillCassidy
So?
Does anyone really think Trump has the moral authority to decide this issue... I think not.
We salute you and your amazing and wonderful service to those in need, sir!  Thank you for your commitment.
He's cute, is he single?
And his future is being deliberated on by someone VERY unqualified to even shake this hero's hand!
Why hasn't he applied for Citizenship?  What are NOT reporting and why?
Donald Trump is the "anti-christ" evil to the core
People who want immigrants out of the country will not give a shit about this.
Yet @AnnCoulter and @benshapiro think he's such a law breaker for coming in illegally as a child.
And now he can go back and do these same things in his country.
He is contributing to our society LEAGALLY! Let him continued. He is not a rapist or a murder! He is a human being wanting what we all want
And?
How dumb do you think everyone is?  Parsing facts to push a narrative, I'm sure statistical we can find felons among other also.  #Ignorance
My father risked his life helping GI's during WWII and still waited ten years to come legally to the USA. DACA is illegal.
Just think of all the good these angelic DACA could do in their native country.
A strong and beautiful human spirit.
So we must kick him out of the country at once!  The nerve
#DACA people are probably more law abiding and contribute more to community than the average American
Another one with DACA status has a Bachelor's & a job uncovering fraud. Imagine being kicked out of the country by a man who commits fraud!!
@realDonaldTrump needs to meet people like the outstanding young man profiled here! What is #trump so afraid of?! #saveDACA
To be this patriot could not meet Trump and asked if having a trainer life saver kicked out makes citizens safer
Of course they did, b/c they're G.D. Americans, and that's what god damned Americans *do.* Right, @IvankaTrump? @jaredkushner
#Hero
#DefendDACA !! Thank all of the Dreamers who are helping!! God Bless you!!
They can use his skills in Mexico! #dacaiscaca
How could Trumo be anything but a agent of polarization and destruction at this point?
Dear, @realDonaldTrump @VP @SpeakerRyan    This man, this human, this public servant is more "American " than the three of you combined
This is hard to believe.  Where will these nearly one million people go?
Trump better let DACA stay in affect. Though I worry with his tendencies to be overtly racist. This guy is what our country needs, heroes.
This young man is the kind of American that we could use more of.
I thank them for their rescue efforts  The question is do they legal status, such as a LEGALLY obtained SSN or a black market one 
That is his job! And he took it from an American citizen.
We should thank him for hi service , then deport him... then let him reapply to return #DACA @Karen84313671
I am so ashamed of many of our Republican leaders. They take little action against trump and continue to betray us all.
IF 45 is planning to DISMISS DACA, I suppose his next MISSION will be to send ALL BLACKS  to AFRICA.
45 is the DEMON SEED from HELL
this brotha has earned the right 2 stay in this country. if his contributions aren't valued, it is because he's brown,ending #DACA is racist
Daca is overreach by the president creating laws outside of congress! It needs to expire and congress do its job
Nice
Why is he not a citizen yet? Maybe because he would loose all that money from Taxpayers
He pays taxes to support your SS and Medicare. Say thank you
I hate that such a worthless "leader" can have this power over a person of such fine character, who has more than proved himself!
I'm sure it's complicated, but it doesn't have to be - just give them citizenship, it's beyond ridiculous
Trump should invite him to the White House, apologize to the man and grant him citizenship via his beloved Executive Order...
DEPORT HIM - How dare he help people ?
There should a statue in Houston to celebrate rescuers like him.
He needs to go talk to his parents and ask them why they committing a crime and put him at risk!!  Their fault he is in the position he is!
It was his job.
Thousands, with US citizenship, did the EXACT same thing.
#pointless
Fake rescues...JK...kid's a #hero
The real story is that he is one of many many people in such a position across our nation. Thankful for them all, and they should be here!
Another words he's illegal
For those who are against #daca people like him could be saving your own life one day! 
Yes
Wow!  And they want heroes like that out of this Country! 
Yeah I bet there are a lot of good people that are illegal but still illegal MAGA
Braver than the coward currently known as POTUS
If I enter a country illegally, help out in an emergency, IM STILL ILLEGAL.why is that so hard for some to understand?
Does Trump think this hero is taking a job from a coal miner? Or does he want to hurt him just for fun.
If he leaves DACA in place, he gets zero accolades as he attacked them & put targets on their backs.  He's playing games w/people's lives.
Nice guy. Now he has to go back.
If Trump ends #DACA, then he's a POS! I mean he already is!
trump's heartless rhetoric is racism
Excellent.

Now do a story about one that is a habitual criminal.

I won't hold my breath.
There goes Mexico time & again, sending us these total "Bad-a**" Hombres!! 
These are citizens in my USA!
Thank you!
we already have a path to citizenship it's called get in line outside the USA and apply
just remember @realDonaldTrump loves you.
one thing we can learn from native Americans don't let foreigners in, fighting for homeland security since 1492
when anyone benefits from an illegal act and you let it go you just encourage more illegal acts whats so hard to understand about that?
Would love to see him face-to-facw with @realDonaldTrump right now.
@realdonaldtrump, you should read this!
RootCause:He's 1 person, help 1000s HOLD Mexican Gvt "accountable"!! Not the US Taxpayer! US is NOT Mexico's caretaker!! Protest Mexico !!!
THIS IS THE MOST of new inhumanity to fellow citizens. As a Canadian, never thought I'd see happening in the USA. it's shameful by 45 & WH.
#GodBlessJesus #SaveDACA #RESIST #Impeach45 #ImpeachTrump
@realDonaldTrump is destroying America daily. He's worse than c-diff. Trump supporters might have to google that since they're dumb.
Another *Bad Hombre*

John Many are not getting help from Red Cross. My friend has bought supplies & is delivering to families. https://www.facebook.com/mistybarnes78/posts/10155901005720942 … 
You do know he's drawing this decision out cuz  he's being forced to walk back abandoning the program. Look I'm a hero I saved #daca.#PFHTTT
The definition of a hero
America will be a safer place with him gone.
That makes no difference to the loud hillbillies that seem to be driving American policy these days.
Keep all the DACA people & send trump to some sand bar somewhere. Put a wall around it. He loves walls.
Bury his ugly orange head in a sand pit on his golf course w his golf club up where the sun doesn't shine!!!
