I hope that if he does, the Seal will take #Trump over his head and feed him to d crocodiles or horny women drooling over him!
Trump is a fool and incompetent and insults our very people who defend these United States of America
Let our people what ever religion or sexual orientation who volunteer to put their lives at risk to defend our country be able to do so...
Gotta love the faux-military outfit on our bone-spurring, draft-dodging @POTUS here.
Um not faux. He's Commander In Chief. All real baby!
Enjoy it while it lasts. Won't be long.
OK-keep telling yourself that sweetie. I get it. Thought Obama would've been gone for 8 years also, but nah. So get used to it. 8 years. Bet
Wasn't aware 2016 was an 8 year election.  The majority of the country doesn't support him, neither does his party.
LOL! You're cute. You thought he'd lose in 2016. You think he'll lose in 2020 (or get impeached ) ) He WILL be President for 8 years.
Lol. I hope you can see that getting less and less likely on a daily basis. Must be nice to be so ignorant.
Must be nice to trust in the MSM like you. Just like prior to the election. Good luck!
Trumps cloaca would be so loose. He'd drop an entire lasagna in his pants.
God bless our soldiers no matter what creed or sexual orientation they are ... they have signed up to put their lives at risk for us all
This should not be up to a draft dodging billionaire to decide
He is a draft dodger and a wimp
Nothing says sound mental health like implying physical violence over political disagreements. This person played themselves.
You mean like the implied violence of Trump saying "I'd love to punch him in the face" at one of his rallies?
We know who is really not worthy of serving..he is in he WH Currently
DJT is a big mouth coward!His bunion toe deferment made sure the big baby didn't serve his country!He is a detriment to our country.
Get that uniform off him, he is an insult to it & our country. 
Just GO AWAY DONALD! The sooner, the better!
He's the Commander In Chief. Suck it
He is a narcissistic, sociopathic,phony. He does not have the ability to be the 'COMMANDER IN CHIEF' of anything. Used your brain...
'Suck it'?? Nice talk for a good Catholic mom...
I always said hipocracy begins w/religious ppl that R ignorant & use their faith 2 confess the harm they cause weekly, on Sunday!Pathetic!
#bot
SOOO TYPICAL!When truth hits U hard,answer w/name calling bc deep inside I hit that lying nerve U have!Use UR faith 2 make every day Sunday!
He doesn't have the nerve. He's a coward, through and through.
Bullies always are.
oh man, he would poop his pants.
Because you technically have a mental disorder, and will cost the military more for hormone treatments and transformations
@realDonaldTrump is a lying coward and fraud who's also mentally ill. #25ththe45
thats your commander in chief your talking to
Oh please give me a break! His Commander in Chief just bailed on him & 15,000 Brave men & women in r Military! Where's ur outrage ovr that?
brave my ass more like there just for the medical precedures         outrage in that twat
So if it came down to one of our BRAVE men & women to defend ur sorry ass, will you stop them 1st asking if they're transgender?Transphobic!

Yes!!
@realDonaldTrump transgender people are more worthy to serve our country than a draft dodger like bigoted Trump will ever be
Donald is a fake pansy fraud
this WH Resident is a bully -   AND a coward.  It will never happen.
Save that picture. I bet he looks different after his August "vacation" think we'll ever be told he was under anesthesia & we had pres Pence
Let's just qualify this, during service a man and now as a retired seal is a woman.  I say shut up!!
Oh if only not 4 the 5 deferments and very painful bone spur (not effected while playing sports) just what could have been?
He can't...HE'S A COWARD!
Ironic he does this on the 69th anniversary of desegregation in the military
5 time draft dodger knows nothing of service and honor
He is not qualifying to wear the jackets that has seal! He has no respect for himself and the country that we all!
Trump: “I always wanted to get the Purple Heart. This was much easier.”
 #Pathetic.
@kikissalon1 Dont waste your time on this man! The US appreciates your service!
He's disgusting!Not even patches on his jacket R permanent,just like his presidency!He's as phony as a $3 bill!Fatso dodged serving!Coward!
Man to man.
trump uses others 2 do his dirty work. He doesn't hav balls 2 tell u 2 ur face @NavySEAL. He lied abt protect n ur rights@campain.
He can't !! He is scared to go out in public and will never be able to be in arms reach of anyone he has lied to or owes money to. The world
From the guy who is the most unworthy to serve our great country. Little, little man. Time for Trump to go!
Another day, another hate-bait tweet from #IlDOUCHE…

YES!!!   Bring trump to his knees!!!!
I love the smell of liberal triggering in the morning
@realDonaldTrump As a family member of a Navy Seal and Navy Fighter pilot father I can promise U the draft dodging #Trump couldn't handle it
He doesn't have the orange seeds to do it
Beats me why  people listen to this man-boy who never served his country and has only ever served his own interests?
#DonaldTrump is a 5x deferred draft dodger who does not deserve to wear that hat and jacket.
This is an illness. If a person was trans-species and id as an fish that does not make it true.  He can't breathe under water.
For sure.....then watch Trump melt into a puddle of goo while adding another lie.
Hay homofóbicos, homofóbicos basura  y estiércol total como Trump
Very hard for the draft dodger @potus to say that to anyone with any credibility.
So now transgender people are the new "enemy"??? I can't keep up with this ln!
This is just some red meat for his 'deplorables' base since he is going after Sessions, who is very popular with the anti-immigrant crowd.
Looked at photo to see what trangender soldier looked like. Teehee.
Trump has never worn a uniform he EARNED.
Trump is a fraud. He wouldn't dare telling a retired SEAL anything. Real Americans respect service. Trump is a sick fraud.
You have that right! Love your dog pic! 

Nice uniform draft dodger
I wish he would tell u to your face! Thank u for ur service! And for fighting for our freedoms that trump has and should not take 4 granted
He can't even face Jeff @USAGSessions a man who showed Trump loyalty like no other..& look how he treats his AG & the department. You mean 0
Trump don't have the balls to do that. Everyone knows this.
He dishonors that jacket and hat!
.@realDonaldTrump would be too scared  to do that! He is a big chicken.  Kristin Beck has proven the Liar and chief  is wrong.
He's not going to tell U anything to yo'face because Trump-da'-Traitor has never been in a fight wit a CAT. #damnfool
Worthiness isn't the issue; medically unfitess is. US doesn't permit Down syndrome persons either or poor eyesightedness.
@realDonaldTrump doesn't have the balls to step out behind his protection so she can kick the shit out of him.
This photo is inappropriate- @POTUS is a draft dodger playing dress-up. He doesn't deserve that uniform.
seems like don't ask don't tell worked for him. Obama took that away.
This coward couldn't possibly do that.
He looks worse in any kind of uniform or military hat or jacket than any person I've ever seen in one.He's not meant for honor/duty/respect.
I'm sure he would. Then hide like a coward behind some stupid made up slogan
Yes kick his jelly ass all over the WH lawn.
Draft dodger Presidential Thug is too much of a coward to do anything honorable...like most bigots. #LGBT #LGBTQ
Ha that'll never happen you can't even fire sessions
YES 
Bullies are cowards. The orangutan won't respond.
I would!  Your weird!
Or what?!? Is that a threat soldier?!!
pussy trump would cower in the corner
BOO HOO HOO - #STFU
Don t look very healthy in.mind
no you are not if you expect me to pay for your hormones and sex change surgery..
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS you're not worthy of being President or a human being so you're in no position to say who's worthy or not!
look at that fat incestuous .. Donald Trump has command over a potato chip bag, a remote control, and the weak minds of maga thugs

I didn't see in that tweet, "not worthy".  Why should sex changes be paid for with issues in the VA and homeless vets? 1st things 1st ppl.
Why is the draft dodger Trump allowed to wear military apparel?
Here's tough guys military.
Potus is more and more as a bad clown
Amen to that!
BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH IT WAS AFTER U LEFT THE SERVICE YEARS AFTER
Silly old fool. Its like trying to convert your casually racist, Daily Mail reading dad to the 21st Century. Hopeless. Dangerous. Daft.

Trump was no patriot when he got out of serving this country in the military, so he has no understanding of true patriots' desire to serve.
He wouldn’t know about anything, he was a draft dodger.
This photo turns my stomach. ThIs corpulent troll desecrates the uniform and debased the ideals our military defends.
It's not that the cross-dressing SEAL is not worthy of serving, I'm sure he/she/it is. It's now against Navy regs, and DJT is the CIC, so...
He Tweeted because he doesn't have the balls to make a live statement. The man who didn't serve 4 bad feet! Our military deserves better!
If @POTUS is going to fire all 15,000 transgender military personnel he should call them all in for a meeting and face them all...each one.
You do realize that transgendered people were not allowed until last year right?
@realDonaldTrump actually tell us ALL Americans, why ANY American who loves his Country & wants 2 fight 4 it is not worthy to serve
Why is this asshole wearing anything with a Military insignia on it.
Cause he likes to pretend
Makes sense since he's pretending to be a president.
Confused by article. Did he serve as a Seal and then transgendered to a she after retiring? Are there female Seals?
Yes there is! And what do you care?
This man doesn't have the balls to do that! He's weak!
Trump has "bats in his belfry" and should be institutionalize.
how can Trump stand with that uniform on when he discriminates and he is a draft dodger never served
I double dog dare you @realDonaldTrump
Wouldn't be surprised if Trump actually tells this faght to his face.. 
Leave it to #LGBT employees at THE HILL.  They quickly oppose the transgender ruling and locate a Navy Seal to interview.  VA hospital next?
He won't do it because he's a little pussy and that's as polite as I can be
Bet you won't @realDonaldTrump
Con artist Trump @POTUS is a Coward, a terrorist going after humanity
@POTUS doesnt have the balls to do this, but he should & it should be televised! Stand face 2 face w/one of our bravest & say ur a burden!
Who is Trump to tell others they can't serve in the military when he himself never served? #FakePresident
Well I may not be able to look you in the eye, but I bet you are by far more worthy than..well, you know who
Thank you for your service 
Truth 
Don't count on it. Remember, Trump's a coward

This. Humbled.
Please, when you are face to face, punch him right in head for all of America #LGBT
Beck was on Dr Phil sucking up the spotlight and now once more needs 15" 
Kind of lonely once he/she left reality
@valor4us
Fuck yea.
Trump does not need to have on the military uniform. Take it off!!!!! @POTUS
Not a uniform, dingbat. It's ballcap & flightjacket, same as GWB and BHO wore aboard Navy ship. Enlist and learn what's uniform/what isn't.
Thank you for your service
Not against TG people.  But its pretty typical that they would under threat of violence try to influence change. #hearts&minds
Should never been approved in the first place. God doesn't make mistakes. Men are always men.
You have no right to expect anyone else to live by the fairy tales you choose to
BREAKING: Whole Foods Market releases earnings early; reports Q3 EPS $0.36 vs. $0.33 Est. http://cnbc.com/id/104611063  
The only one not worthy is @POTUS
Won't happen, not from spineless coward in chief.
Trump would piss himself.  He's a big pussy.
Trump has bone spurs. 
We dare you @realDonaldTrump @POTUS 25thThe45th
as what?
Draft Dodger Trump .

ow, ow... bone spur  #coward

Draft dodging Donny would hide behind the mooch before facing a true patriot
Kick some trump ass
"Tell this loser, I would beat him bigly, but these darn bone spurs are flaring up again."
Trump and expert on unworthiness
Commander in Chief Heel Spurs doesn't have the courage to do such a thing.
You are 100% worthy of serving. Thank you for your service.
Worthy? Perhaps. Eligible? No.

Aw what a sweet sentiment from the tolerant left.
Sorry I have no tolerance for trolls and fools. Bye Felicia.
Yup, all this from from bone spurs on his brain.
Worth has nothing to do with cost nor abilities.
You are not worthy of serving! There.
Trump can't face you, he's too afraid
