House must to stand w/ consumers, protect #broadbandprivacy & keep personal consumer info from being sold to 3rd parties or highest bidder.
Mr. Schumer, you are my congressman, to you I say: refocus attention on the investigation into Russia. Democracy was attacked
You're right about #TrumpRussia,  but we can focus on more than one thing at a time. @SenSchumer
I agree!
he called for Nunes to step down today, he's in the senate not the house so i'm happy
I know...he can fight even from the Senate.
he has done basically everything he can to influenance the house. There's a Senator Intell Commitee....
He's my Senator & I'm proud! Can't get through to him on the  so I email & tweet
Worst TN rep in history
Great Repubs 4U! Scream about privacy yet willingly sell American people out when it benefits their wallet!
@MSNBC Republican's will do anything for money anything PATHETIC
FAKE NEWS: Health and financial information can not be gathered or sold. Stop it Chuck.
it's going to pass. we know what the @GOP values. I've already contacted the @ACLU about filing suit over this
Matt, have they responded? Or when they do, will you let us know?
no response yet, I submitted a formal request via their site. Can't file suit till house passes it
Uh huh, I got it. Thanks. Sounds like everyone needs to call Reps tomorrow.
what benefit does this have to anyone besides the ISP? I cannot believe corporate profit is AGAIN put before citizens’ rights.
And why is my health information even available?  Obamacare?
This is insane.
Senator what are you and fellow Ds doing to stop this??
All Senate D's already voted against. In the House now. Call your Rep. "Vote NO on FCC privacy repeal."
Tell Congress to put your privacy over Internet providers' profits.  https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2017/03/senate-puts-isp-profits-over-your-privacy …
Ok, so my rep is deep red 29 yrs worthlessness. Still what else are the Senate Ds doing to thwart this travesty? 1/
anyone can go on line and find out anything we want internet tells all , dont blame our president , ask bill gates !!!
This is not ok @SenSchumer. NOT EVEN A LITTLE BIT.  Fuck the @GOP !!!!
yet @POTUS won't let us see his tax returns but if fine with selling our privacy #Impeach45
Back to snail mail and telephone business.  No more Internet business for me.  Everybody loses on that billl.
@techweenie This is the government seizing my property without due process.
the insanity of all that is happening is TOO much! Dark times. #Cult45
Go read the bill, then tell us how dark it is.
@Politics_PR Why wasn't this antiprivacy bill filibustered in the Senate? If it wasn't, Dems are complicit.
I believe it did NOT require a supermajority (60) but merely a simple majority (50) which GOP does have
here is list of what laws/proceedings require how many votes
interesting 4 future proceedings, like impeachment
well then that means we get to see Trumps yellow shower fetish or Bill OReilly looking up how to sexually assault a women search
Why is such a bill even on the table?  Further attacking Americans. Vengeance for unpopular AHCA? What in the hell is going on?
Corporations that will benefit from accessing your data are probably large GOP donors
Am I suppose to understand the point of this?
Please take off the gloves @SenSchumer & continue fight for what's right, just, and fair. #HJRes86  is nothing of the kind. #NoOnHJR86
@mishacollins has a brilliant solution. Check it out.
Everyone, RT this far and wide! Thank you, @mishacollins!!! 

@ACLU @Rosie Most brilliant use of crowdfunding ever https://www.gofundme.com/BuyCongressData 
it already has been for years jackass
@LindaBolt2 Time to get completely off the grid in this country.
-Dam they are stealing your tactis...Democrats have been doing this for years.
The polluter in chief only has the corp's best interest to take care of, not us peons.The Repubs are self serving vultures
do not allow this privacy invasion!
being on the  right all my life I'm so jealous the left believes their smarter than the entire population
But it's ok for our gov't to have our private info? Maxine said Obama has database on everything about everybody. What's up?
Notice a theme? 

Good. 

It's called H.J. Res. 86. Call your House Rep and ask them to vote against it. @SenSchumer
@CNNPolitics @ChrisCuomo @ShepNewsTeam your personal history monitored via internet sold to 3rd parties if bill passes
Yep.  Even sold to Russia, China, North Korea and ISIS !! Our country will NOT be safe after the Republicans pass this bill.
This is unreal. Let's get this independent investigation we KNOW we need, now that we know Nunes is incapable of doing his job.
The sooner he's #impeached the sooner we can get back to sane politics that actually HELP the American people.
What sane politics. The left won't work with the right, the right won't work with the left.  But darn sure both work on getting re-elected.
this issue of protecting our privacy online seems like one of a few that should have bipartisan support
Right? It's not only Dems that want rightful privacy, you'd think Anthony Wiener would be down. 
And of course it will pass
thought Ralph Maddow reported on msnbc
8years with what's his name did nor use the word terrorist not a word from you MUTTS now like termites out
Why does this bill exist?
@PattyArquette yikes!
@PattyArquette They need to stop these people.
@PattyArquette #ImpeachTrump or hospitalize @potus #DangerToOthers

@PattyArquette This bill definitely needs our attention!
@PattyArquette So they can do this to us yet 45 doesn't have to release his taxes.  This is F*CKED UP
The already are Chuck.
did you just wake from la la land? This has been happening for a very long time.
TPP had elements in it WE would have never consented to but you and your partners in crime were ALL FOR IT!! Criminal!!
. @SenSchumer like y'all did with Heartbleed, PHI, Shellshock, Cupid & AHCA with back door tax credits for Eli Lilly? #EFT #Consideration
And exposure of YOUR corruption can be sold - or given freely.
It already is. Catch up
@cmadmax REPUBS ALWAYS GIVE CORPS POWER OVER PEOPLE! This country should be in the streets PROTESTING&remove every fkg REPUBL
@SColleen1 You must stop Trump.
do you have a link to support the tweet
Obama created this mess this past fall.
You (the fed govt) already steal all of that information.
Chuckie loves using scare tactics. LMAO  Wow Attacking a woman verbally for voting for Trump? You're a monster!
welcome to United States of America, Inc. actually most privacy statements already include their right to share with third party
and they're going to do it anyway. How about presenting a counter bill just making that illegal. What about HIPPA?
How do you think Google, Crapple, Microcrap & Fartbook got rich? Even this Twatter has 5 trackers on this post being sold NOW
@JeffersonObama fuck. That. Noise.
Says the idiot who had private medical records put online under Obamacare for all to examine.  
@KaivanShroff Who keeps writing this stuff?   Stop this kind of law making.
@DianeMinerNYC And his tax returns remains a secret?????
you're a freaking LIAR! Why do u mislead the people with your fake BS! u need to be investigated for colluding with russia money
@cliffbaker9 Fight it hard, Chuck! We support YOU & other Dems in Congress. Don't give an inch.
@Moteatra -Get it defeated Chuck
Liar!
Please fight harder for the people, and we will do our part to hold congress feet on fire, as we've been doing lately...
@whatifisaidit  Bannon sits in that White House hacking us!! I'm a victim and I can prove it!! Stole money from me too! @FBI lie
I will say one thing since you've assumed minority leader you've become a pathological liar. Can't tell the truth about anything
I guess we will have to buy the info from each of congress who vote for it.  Seems fair to me.
@RiskyLiberal Senator, wouldn't the selling of health information be a violation of HIPAA? Punishable by significant fines?
@RiskyLiberal ? arent bills being written & passed suppose to start in House then go to Senate & back to House then send to Prez
No, bills can start either chamber, then go to other. Exception is budget which House does
really seems like this just started in 2011
please vote in opposition of this bill!
please vote to oppose this bill!
stop the bill
it's okay. The gofund me is ready to go and the citizens will purchase browsing histories of our elected officials.
isn't this a direct violation of HIPAA?
my shit is already in the hands of telemarketers thanks to your damned party. You people are antiamerican. Drop out .
Please vote NO! #Maga may want their info sold to Putin #Broadbandprivacy but we Patriots DO NOT! #Trumprussia #TrumpTaxReturns
not okay!
as it has been proven you demoRATs have allowed spying on us already you didn't care before why now!! What are u trying to hide
@reddirthell what is bill's name and number.
@DevinNunes How about surveillance Mr. Schumer? Don't U want Obama admin investigated for surveilling Trump transition team?
please vote no!
Please do all you can to block Gorsuch for the Supreme Court.
I will block everyone of them.
I don't understand how protected health information can be sold. Isn't it protected under HIPAA? Or is donthecon throwing that out? #resist
@brooklynnygirl    GOP declares open season for blackmail with attack on ISP / internet privacy.   @EFF
keep us posted since the GOP likes to operate "in the dark" of night
@SpeakerRyan WTF?There is NO REASON to pass this bill. The GOP is selling citizens to the highest bidder. Disgusting
Oh my God! They are the worse people on the earth. So they know how to wipe people out! Horrible humans!
This is among the most insane and detrimental to the public bills EVER. Kill it.
@SenToomey voted for this. He doesn't believe in privacy. Sold us out. @RepTomMarino
Thank you Sen. Schumer for all you do for Americans! Grateful in Oregon.
YOU ARE A FRAUD AND A LIAR SCHUMER. YOU TRY TO DECEIVE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE FOR POLITICAL GAIN, THAT SHOULD BE IMPEACHABLE LOSER
Lets "86" H.J. 86!
EXACTLY HOW THE FU@K DID ALL THE 3rd PARTIES GET OUT CELL PHONE #'s CHUCKLES THAT WAS THE LIBERAL OBAMA ADMINISTRATION OK LIAR
Every lawmaker should vote against selling our email and other information to third parties!
They want to sell something that doesn't belong to them. THAT MAKES NO SENSE FOR ANY REASON. What happened too much government?
GOP complained about government overreach yet here they are okay with this proposal. There's no justification for it.
@dremmelqueen DSCC needs to target KY, get both McConnell AND Paul the hell out. 
The damage to US by those two warrants it.
Re: Nunes. Wouldn't the WH log have a record of who Nunes met there??? Serious Q!
Can't the Senate filibuster this?
This cannot pass!!!
@AnikoSzilagyi3 Chuck, you are such an incredibly good shit! No words for how great you are! Funny niece too!
Do I understand correctly this is basically carte blanche for them? Who cares if u give any kind if consent; they can sell for $
How did this get past the Senate?
Republicans
Well then, it's a slam dunk in the House.  The GOP doesn't care about protecting ordinary Americans
You helped keep the greed and corruption in politics, and us grassroots are suddenly important to you, huh? Lol, gimme a break
#TheDemocrats sold control of the Internet
that's some bullshit right there.  Fuck this,  this is not Fucking Russia!
Stop this bill.
@ClaudiaNichols  

But it would be a great way for pharma to come after the money of the vulnerable (more than it does already).
Happens everyday whether we give permission or not. You should know that, your a democrat.
yeah, i know. I don't want this.  stop it please
What about HIPAA?
They are already sold or hacked @SenSchumer
In other words, it will be like students of Public schools whose data you had no problem signing over to 3rd parties? #Hypocrite
There is also a bill allowing employers to dna test, that will most likely pass. What is all this collection really about?
Who is going to stop this man and his gang of thugs?
I'll call Faso's office but it'd be waste of my voice. If you see him around the office, smack him upside his head from me, 'k?
Your politics, sexual orientation, buying habits, web sites you go to all of this info gleaned from your browser history.
@jodotcom If you thought identify theft was bad before.............
@jodotcom I don't think people realize the full implications of this. It is beyond scary.
OBAMA&DEMS R JUST LIKE HITLER!THEY WANTED 2 REDUCE USA POPULATION.OBAMACARE DID THIS THRU ATTRITION! MILLIONS DIE UNDER ACA LAW!
This is such an outrageous invasion of privacy.  They slipped that in while people worrying about healthcare.
Another attack on democracy. Privacy-gone, Science is "make believe"We need an independant investigation FAST & release of taxes
get tougher with @realDonaldTrump stop being pushed around. Fight back for US!
please try to stop it!!
keep fighting we'll keep calling
It will pass GOP house! Won't be much not sold or privatized in Trump Admin He & Swamp need to make $$ Voters need to get smart!
Maybe you should do your job. We DON'T GET TO VOTE.
Thank you for no supporting that BAD #Trumpcare bill.
@crazygrandma66 Everything Republicans propose seems to be bad for the country and it's people. Is this the party of Lincoln?
it sure seems like a "Shock & Ah" campaign is being waged on the American ppl, can't keep straight the # of bills I'm opposed 2
Who back this bill you and Pelosi in the other Democratic Party
@jolie_rene What happened to HIPPA? Where the hell is conumer protection in congress? 
#TheResistance #resist
Is there going to be an Opt-Out option? That's literally theft of our data. Right to privacy obliterated.
Surely chairman Nunes will be concerned about unmasking my identity in my emails, I'm an American.
are you telling me that my government would do such a thing with the illegal surveillance you've been doing?
that's right complain about fixing a broken HC. But when you have nothing that will be Trumps fault to!! Idiots!!
VOTE NO!
like they found Hillarys emails. Think you need a better password! Do your job! Support the people not yourself
How are they going to get around HiPPA and is this a way that trolls can get info and avoid Doxing laws?
~ If you have online accts that store your credit/debit card info get hold of them & CANCEL them immediately!
~ Cancel ALL 'subscription' type acct & those that pay bills like Electric, etc, monthly. Better SAFE than broke!
in the name of deregulation the GOP is willing to let our personal privacy be sold for corporate profits. Jobs, no. Profits, yes
Fear mongering violent Looney left dems!
Retweet folks and let's get on our congressional reps.
ISPs are such welfare cases.
if this bill passes, I'd say we're living in Russia now.
Hope they release Trump's tax returns!  Trump is breaking every promise he made on the backs of his base! Impeach!
if you're dumb enough not to use blocking software u deserve it. You Dems aren't exactly experts on email security. Wink, wink.
that's as scary as trump!  Already too much personal information is available to scammers.  Please stop this
face it chuck! You have lied so much, nobody believes anything out of your mouth. Time to pack it in!
MORE FAKE NEWS-CHUCK.????
The magic word is COULD. There are privacy laws that prevent all that if enforced.
NOTHING you say is truthful. Democrap hack. I went Independent as Democraps like Schumer & Pelosi R delusional obstructionist! 
Hate them
And how is that any different than every other day??
Chuck, I fully support you on this one. Drop the BS politics and work against things like this. We know the Russia thing is bs.
Did not hear about emails. Please provide bill number so we can research more
Wrong on so many levels! How do we stop it? Besides calling/writing you @CoryBooker @SenatorMenendez @RepLanceNJ7 #resist
This is crazy! I will no longer conduct my PERSONAL business via internet. I fear folks will soon just see that bill as "normal"
more lies from Schumer, no thinking person believes his lies, more lies than Obama.
does this include online banking information?
Stop this bill!!
This is outrageous. Even more outrageous than that snot-nosed Kushner kid running that bs office. If that's possible.
