
Beautiful!
You’re a class act, Joe

We know protections of #HarveyWeinstein by #BillClinton #BarackObama from prosecutions. Taking money is also complicit. #QuidProQuo
Happy Anniversary guys. Still my president and first family. Dignity, class, and good common sense.
Mine2
And mine ...
Hey Uncle Joe!!
Just don’t let Joe near your daughter....
Bless them on their special day of love
Help us uncle Joe we are being held hostage by an orange clown.  Please run in 2020 and save us all.
Oh no! Pennywise is alive again?
Happy 25th Anniversary to you both!!
Congrats & Best Wishes for continued Love & Joy for each other!!
How do you live with this creepy guy?
#FixitBiden2020 Happy Anniversary Mr. and Mrs. Obama.
Shocking Video Of Joe Biden Groping Children Emerges http://www.infowars.com/shocking-video-of-joe-biden-groping-children-emerges/ … via @realalexjones
Amen!

JOE BIDEN

He isn't #CreepyJoe…
The USA desperately needs you!! Help!!!! This is coming from a concerned mother 
I like your hair
Where have you gone Joe Di "Biden" ... our nation turns its lonely eyes to you. #2020
Great family like so many of us normal folk!  Blessings for many more years!
Happy Anniversary. May God bless you both continually. Miss you so much!!!
We miss you all. 
#Obama #Biden
Pure class ... so much respect for these 4 wonderful folk
Joe Biden- A real nice and compassionate human being-
A huge contrast of what we have now.
Oh, Joe! We miss you. 
Wonderful
Joe/Michelle 2020.
Michelle said "no never".
Would you like me to assemble the list of politicians who said "No. Never," before being elected?

It's not short.
I wouldn't want to make you do all that googling  but thanks. She'd be great but I doubt she would want it.
What sane person would? You've got to be a glutton for punishment. I salute those that do, though, minus  that orange stain on the list.
Lol.... You're thinking Biden 2020?
I can get behind a Biden/Harris ticket 

East coast West coast collaboration 
Can you come to my board game party
Are you going to run for president Joe? Yay, or nay?

love you joe. you're the real deal.
Joe Biden 2020 
I can get behind that concept 100%.
America needs Uncle Joe cuddles. Full stop.
I can not imagine how many children you groped in twitter cover photo, pedophile! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LuCs1-7GKI … …
Let's draft Jo
Congratulations on your 25th we miss you all
Joe go away who cares this is why you failed the country
Happy Anniversary you two wonderful people
Enjoy!
Happy Anniversary Mr.Vice President and family!
Happy anniversary to the Obamas.
@wadesheartmate this makes me so happy
AW SAME
Happy anniversary Barack & Michelle 
Happy Anniversary
Miss you Joe!
Keep spreading the love, Joe.  We need it.
Happy anniversary mr.presidemt !!!
I HOPE MR.VICE PRESIDENT BIDEN THAT YOU RUN FOR PRESIDENT IN 2020! WE NEED FOR TRUMP TO GO AWAY PERIOD!!!
I love you!
Happy Anniversary Sir.
And i send you my laughter and joy as i remember you saying on national tv id never be a president. Absolutely mint! #rubitin #45
#a biden/Obama 2020
@BarackObama -Pres. Obama & 1st Lady Michelle, U waited eight long yrs. for a stress free anniversary. Enjoy!  U & the Biden’s R missed
Miss y’all bro
Please seriously consider 2020!!! America needs you...desperately 
Our hearts ache on a daily basis, we so want you back.
Happy Anniversary President Barack and 1st Lady Michelle Obama
We miss you guys more than you will ever know. Happy Anniversary!
Come back to us Joe, Jill, Barack and Michelle!!!! We love and miss you greatly!
BARF BARF BARF BUNCH OF LIBERAL MORONS
Barf

Americans need you more than ever! I miss all of you.
You're literally the best
War criminals
I miss you two & wish you everything wonderful.  Congratulations!
Congrats to our best first couple ever
Please run in 2020!  Can’t take anymore nonsense from #45 & his clown circus.  Dunno how to explain reality to my kids anymore #Biden2020
Thanks you sir
@MichelleObama @BarackObama @MMBreidenbach Happy 25th Anniversary!
@BarackObama @MichelleObama HAPPY HAPPY ANNIVERSARY. HAVE A WONDERFUL N BLESSED ANNIVERSARY. GOD BLESS YOU
And millions of Americans wish you the same
@BarackObama @MichelleObama Happy Anniversary! May your  continue to bloom and grow
I love your families friendship! And right now we all raise a toast to Barack & Michelle!  Thanks Joe for and message simple & full of love!
Miss you so much.  Need I explain why?  God help us.


Happy Anniversary @BarackObama & @MichelleObama ! We miss you both! Joe run for Pres please! We need help from all of you.
And please come back
Me too
We miss you Joe Biden & Dr Jill Biden.  God Bless you!!
Did you lose his phone number
Who really cares....
Happy Anniversary from those of us in the 20+ club. You are both inspirations
Happy  Belated Anniversary #Blacklove
Missing the four of you so much It feels as though our universe is off kilter Nevertheless, #TheResistance 
And the Nance's!!!
Here here!
Love and Miss u Joe Much love n respect to  ur lovely family!  
Celebrating our 20th! Love rocks! Happy Anniversary!!
PLEASE COME BACK! 
Thanks for sharing some of those years with you two. 
Miss you both, I hope, ayou know!!
Vice-President Biden, I am not happy that you are blaming Hillary Clinton. Bogus potus to this day doesn't know anything about ANY issues.
I appreciate the sentiment but BoOOoOO    helping to destroy this country. Plz n thx #organic is #life not for #profit  cost of living
Congratulations!
Thank you all.
Mr. Biden, I salute you, sir.
We miss you, Joe!
Are they STILL married? I heard she dumped him when his term was over.Was she funnin Malonia the last time they to clean the park?
I love me some Joe Biden
That is nice. Happy Anniversary to them.
Gag me...two married men.
Happy anniversary president Obama & First Lady Michael
He's got a twitter just @ him
You can't possibly know how much we miss the class you guys brought to the WH. HAPPY ANNIVERSARY!!!
4 wonderful human beings , Happy Anniversary to the Obama’s 
Biden 2020!
Congratulations..we miss having such class around.
Happy Anniversary
Happy anniversary@Barack&my first lady. Mr vice president helllllpp, we are held hostage by a crazy person our lives depends on you!
Happy 25th Anniversary to the most wonderful couple.
Happy Anniversary
@JoeBiden Happy Anniversary to Barack and Michelle Obama...still my President and 1st Lady. Thank you still my VP Joe Biden
Biden Biden Biden Biden !!
Happiest Anniversary dearest Michelle and Barack. Love  to you all!
Much appreciated by them, I'm sure. And to those little girl friends as well.
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY
There are not adequate words available to describe the admiration and respect held for the former president and First Lady,God bless you....
Nothing but respect for my Vice President
Wonderful to see real human beings with the capacity for  love, respect and affection. We miss all of u.  
@BarackObama @MichelleObama Happy 25th wedding Anniversary to an inspiring couple!
How nice of you not to forget.
Congratulations to the Perfect Pair. The Obamas Rock
What ice cream would you recommend for this occasion?
Happy Anniversary.
Yes & miss you Joe. 
You are 100% CLASS Joe!

Hey joe!!!! Thank you 
Happy Anniversary
Wish you all the best.  The history will Recognize you better with hindsight
Happy 25 Anniversary to my #44POTUS my FLOTUS #Biden/Obama2020
#Flipthescript2020
Biden/Obama (Michelle) 2020 America needs you! @MichelleObama
Why would you do this over Twitter like a kardashian?
Oh Uncle Joe, we miss you so.

A Biden Obama ticket would be awesome in 2020. Just saying.
When the OTP still live
Wishing you both a very Happy Silver Anniversary!!!

Yes!! And may you run for #President in #2020 !!! 
Barack & Michelle; Happy 25th anniversary . We all miss the Obama-Biden families Many blessings to you all 
We love you and Jill too Joe!!
Yesterday was my anniversary too. Send me some joy, Joe!
Jooooeeeeeee, we miss you!!! 

Biden 2020
Happy Anniversary, you two. And a lifetime of many more ... 
nothing but respect for MY family president
Pure Class, from the greatest Vice President ever. Please run in 2020 to really Make America Great Again.
This is my dad. Can you please share.
Yes happy anniversary Barack and Michelle.
I miss you all, hoping to see more of you all.
Miss you and all the memes of your bromance
Wow, my Twitter feed was suddenly like clouds parting and sunshine coming through! Rational compassionate people saying nice comments 
I know, I think I’ll stop here , because I know a dark ...I mean orange cloud is here somewhere.
I wonder how they will celebrate?
Happy anniversary Barack and Michelle! Cheers!
Happy Anniversary to u both
Happy anniversary God bless you  both 
always be my president
Please come back and stop this nightmare. 
Vice President Joe Biden I wish u were President.
We love you and miss you so much, Bidens and Obamas!!!
Congratulations Obama’s. We’re at 28 yrs.
My favorite couple of all time. Happy 25th Anniversary.
no
Yes, Happy Anniversary to a wonderful couple.
Yes
