Not mentioned: He was SUPPOSED to appear before an open session of house/ senate appropriations committees. Abruptly cancelled appearance.
He didn't feel comfortable because he already knew Sessions didn't have a problem lying so he would protect Trump.
Ummm gosh.... think he'll tell the truth?! 
Sessions may crack under pressure and spill the beans on the Trump Administration. Hope he's got protection from probable "Lead poisoning".
This hammer must fall & hard on this guy.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump #TheResistance #MAGA
For sure he will be as dishonest with this as Trump is expected to be.
But he chickened out and cancelled.
Who cares what role Sessions played? Comey deserved to be fired. I would have fired him on day 1.
The panel should not allow session or tromp or anyone to keep using the word classified or privilege that is how they hide the truth wake up
He's already lied to his former colleagues before.
Except if he lies this time he'll be charged with perjury
He lied under oath before and nothing happened to him. Why isn't he held accountable for that ALREADY?
Ask him how he defines recusal.
Lol. He is a liar just like his boss.
Oh good, 3 hrs of Sessions saying "Can't answer that in public setting"
We have a serious problem w/Qatar & THIS is all the MSM worries about? Comey put this to bed on Thur. WHY is this still news?
#Prediction for June 13, 2017 Pertaining to sold public official who carries the insignia or rods of office.
If he doesn't bail again!!!
Under Oath?
Under oath?
@Frustraited
Or not...
What's the point? He lied during his confirmation hearings; I'm sure he'll have no problem lying again to keep his ass out of trouble...
He doesn't even understand the word "RECUSAL". How is he supposed to understand words like "Truth" or "Conspiracy to commit Treason"

@kickurorangeass we're all tuning in just to hear all of them continue to lie in the face of the country. It is a sporting event
HELLOOOO  Isn't it common sense after Comey implicated former AG Lynch of a crime that u would call her in to testify
Well that didn't last long.
... @SenatorLeahy , how can we, as voters and tax payers, most effectively make our displeasure known about private session? Please advise.
Trump and Sessions will be collaborating over what Sessions must lie about.Sessions better not commit perjury or the GOP better lock him up.
And it's not going to end with that! there are lots of other questions to be answered...truthfully...because the NSA has intercepts
Chicken shit that he is! Force him to testify!
And the 3rd Russia .eeting I hope
Who cares what part he played??  MSM is having a hard time getting over the fact that there was no Trump collusion. Time to move on, boys..
Let's not forget that Howdy Doody #Sessions has already #lied to #Congress once. Deja vu all over again!
Since he is no longer in the Senate, will it be ok for a female senator to question him.
He definitely obstructed justice. He was recused and in effect had the man investigating him terminated. Proven by a memo released by the WH
Will be another exoneration of my main man Trump.
More news on DNC fraud case. Where is Bernie's supporters money?
And about how he perjured himself. Again!!
Will take the 5th whenever it's convenient. Russia has muzzled everyone including dear leader.
USA has been sold by deplorables.
Is there a pool somewhere taking bets on whether he actually shows up for this?
Jeff Sessions- embattled AG? You people just never quit! I think you would consider WH janitor- EMBATTLED!!
Donald Trump never goes back to NYC or to California...
Won't he talk about Russia Russia Russia too? Gosh, I hope so.
this is a closed session?  I don't think it should be if it is.  The American People deserve to know WTF is going on. I'm calling BS #LIARS
But people want to hear about the LAST administration! Haha I love when people whine about Obama. That dude is just chillin and laughing
@jeffsessions Finally this corrupt little weasel will be exposed4 the true criminal he is. Just wondering what his doting family thinks now?
Let it go- tired of listening to all this anti Trump nonsense
Will he lie again? That's the real question
Well he's a bit of a Liar too! Good luck.
Translation:

Comey Imploded. But we still have this. #ZZZZZ

#MSMDefcon101 #ItsATizzyYall #LeftyMeltyDowny
Comey should have been fired Jan 21st. Mc Cabe needs to be fired now. Drain the damn swamp.
Who wants to BET!

How many times will Mr. Closed Sessions decline to answer in a Open Session?

I say 20!
And who actually thinks he'll speak the truth?
Can't wait till they have @AGLynch there to answer questions
Can we expect him to actually be truthful? I don't trust any of those ppl! DT's prerequisite of 'loyalty' demands lies when necessary.
Need to reopen Clinton's email. Comey was doing their bidding
Hope he says "the way Comey conducted himself with Obama Lynch he's got to go you don't find all criminal action on Hillary & not follow up
I tend to believe #JamesComey but I also believe the @POTUS ! Could this turn out to be a decisive battle over trust & believability #MAGA
Sessions already has his suit laid out. His white robes are still at the cleaners, so this'll have to do.
You are now conspiracy hunters.

HOLY CRAP 

#JamesComey spearheaded Jeff Sessions recusal from #TrumpRussia

…
Leaker in chief..McCabe needs to go too!! #drainthedamnswamp
The more they continue with this circus the more Trump wins.
I'm sure he'll have some interesting things to say
