If you cared about national security & had admitted Islamic terrorism was problem you might be VP now..
Sacrificing integrity is not worth the acquisition of power.
You missed my point. I voted  Trump because he admits we have Muslim terrorism problem , Kain didn't
The current administration's solution to dealing w/terrorists is to block 99% of people who look like terrorists but aren't.
This is temporary block for 4 months to set up vetting.. & then we are vetting people in. which is good
The people stuck at the airports have been vetted. Most with green cards & visas.
I feel bad for the people at the airports even though I support temp ban.
Those two perspectives are practically mutually exclusive. Cognitive dissonance = support ban & feel badly about it = not mentally healthy.
the time has come to be bold. Please do something.
Fear of the unknown and pain of violence pales in comparison to providing aid and shelter to those fleeing from pain of violence.
I served in the #PeaceCorps w/Arabic orphans & lived amongst "these people," most of whom are absolute treasures. Stop generalizing fear.
False. No one actually wants mutual destruction.
I'm so glad you and that crooked witch lose
*lost. Please take the time to write using grammar and syntax so we can understand your particular brand of ignorance better.
your kind are not welcome on this thread
isn't it your kind destroying property and throwing bricks at police for freedom of speech.  It's my right too.
False. Only bricks I throw are made of truth; the only property I destroy is my own.
Also, "your kind" is non-specific. Purchase thesaurus.
what makes you more American than any of us?
@juliewhitebread Enough of the hand wringing.  Do something.
coming to this country is a privilege, not a right. American citizens safety is paramount to anything else.
Really? When are impeachment proceedings starting then? #WeThePeople are watching & demanding action.
Impeachment proceedings have to start in the House, so a Senator in the minority party has literally zero say.
MALARKEY.THEN ALL OF THEM NEED TO BE VOTED OUT!They work for us! If a revolution starts or we lose our democracy, do u think it will matters
yep. That's how it works. Fight for a better congress in 2018. It's the only way to fix this.
if you believe in elections and redistricting has not affected them for yrs.to come. ..
Redistricting will happen again in 2020. Those state races determine who draws the lines.
ok. Too late for 2018 and does nothing about x-checking (4M in 2016)
We won't win every battle, but we can gain ground, inch by inch. I won't give up. #RESIST
Where were you and yours when millions of Christians were slaughtered by these monsters you are defending now? Tools of devil.
They are not fleeing the evil we despise. They are fleeing the wars in their countries you helped start.
a little delay and inconvenience for a few people is well worth the safety of American Citizens and MY family! Like our anscestors
what is happening to our country?
this is happening...
I'm not sure why you think this is bad.. these people have a religion too just like the Christians and the Jewish
victor frankl "An abnormal reaction to an abnormal situation is normal behavior" dems-normal in an abnormal situation #fightnow
As I recall, we did that by invading Iraq! But hey, it all depends on who's getting rescued, right? Christians can just burn, right?
Thanks for the sentiment, Senator. Now risk something to fight Trump's racist agenda.
Racist? Really? You really need a new go to. Which race this time? I guess the radical Islam race? Idiotic! Lol
Bigots love the umbrella of semantics. You're a bigot and a racist. Fuck yourself.
Exactly the example of the type of thing America does not need or want. Barbarians.
Everyone of us have ancestors that came from another country as immigrants and refugees.  Ignorance...
can you please tell us what you plan to do to stop this??
DO SOMETHING! DO SOMETHING!!! WHAT DOES IT TAKE TO START IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS?!?
Are you finally convinced that you need to start voting against #Trump policies?
NO! TRUMP IS THE BEST THING OUR COUNTRY HAS SEEN IN DECADES! Ya'll really need to stop. Just watch N see!
are you f'ng serious?  this is the end of the world, little girl.
You really need to chill out. This is what should have been done decades ago. It's necessary for safety.
Thank you for speaking out. What are you and @SenateDems doing about it?
@AndrewJHamm 

Waaaa waaaaa
- rubbish.  they are fleeing obama's wars in the middle east.  you are the cause.
So, please sir, what exactly are YOU doing about this crisis?  We're looking at you & elected to solve this mess.Don't let us down
No! @timkaine just needs to watch what a REAL Leader who loves America does for our country. Its why @timkaine lost
Thanks for your leadership.  My family is ashamed at that this is how our @POTUS is behaving.  We are all immigrants and refugees
What??? What the hell are you talking about?
HELP
Time to nut up and become the leader we need right now. Shumer needs to be shown what a spine is for.
.@timkaine As a leader, it is imperative that you go to #Dulles tonight and speak out against #Trump's #MuslimBan.
what is this #muslimban u speak of?
Apparently all you people dont give a shit about Americans since many dont have your views
I'm all for EVERYTHING the @POTUS  is doing! America is becoming great and SAFE again! Bravo! Finally, a true LEADER!
BLOCK THIS MANIAC!!  Please show some guts.  Chain yourselves to the White House fence.  I'll join you anywhere.  LEAD!
well said Senator. The common people are behind you.
you're such a cuck it's unbelievable. Letting in a bunch of military ages males in from countries you are at war with isn't smart.
you voted yes to confirm Mattis, who stood there smiling as the EO was signed. your words are completely empty.
.@timkaine YOUVOTEDYESTOALLOFTRUMP'SNOMINEESSOFAR
Exaxtly !
unify your party already. Stop tweeting and get to work!
something needs to be done. It's such a shame
Here's a start: stop rubber stamping Trump's nominations please
please fight everything! Democrats need to unite against this tyranny.
live up to the ideal Hillary set before us. Be the leader the majority of us voted for. Stop this madness. Please.
TWEETING IS NOT ENOUGH
But running for VP w/HRC was work. Stop the campaigning&quit complaining, take on the GOP please @GovHowardDean .
I remember Hillary on that tarmac that day during the election saying that- I knew what she was talking about. This is just that.
Remember her letting 4 soldiers die in bengazzi or her humiliating a 12 yo rape victim & fighting to free the rapist?
As your brilliant leader says "WRONG". You do accept Non-Alternative facts, right? You're a real patriot lady.

@ermilrivi1971  if a man will not work, he should not eat- Jesus  "beware of wolves is sheep's  clothing" aka. . pedophile priest
A temporary ban only. In the meantime victims of Islamic persecution should find safe haven in Saudi Arabia and other  Muslim nations.
. And stay at a Trump Hotel?
Yes! Free golf package included.
Thank you for recognizing how terrible the Muslim ban is!
Hope they come to a town near YOU
Me too!
I want Hollywood to smash Trump's star to bits. He deserves no star on the Walk of Fame. Iranian Oscar nominee denied entry to US
stop voting to approve his nominees then! Call for impeachment! Get moving!
@JvanDijkS do something please! Our families are being detained and returned back
Good
what do you mean by good?
What do you think
I think the countries with zero got blocked and the terrorists country still allowed! Clueless president
Trump has business holdings in those countries.
You LOST, get over it.
I'll get over it when he's impeached. #NOTMYPRESIDENT
OBSTRUCT and RESIST, just as the Rethuglicans did the ENTIRE OBama presidency. Democrats that knuckle under are gone next election
DO SOMETHING
DONT TURN YOUR BACK ON US!!!! #stoptrump #impeach #UnAmerican #trumpisachump @SenateDems @SenSchumer
Put it into action! They will never meet you in the middle. We're counting on you to obstruct and fight every step of the way.
great. Now DO SOMETHING!  When did Congress become so SPINELESS?! #TermLimits
Sen Kaine, you Bernie, and Liz Warren have to lead the way...I have faith in you!
.@timkaine So what specifically will you do?
Until you Dems get off your asses and do something instead of hand wringing, this shit will continue & we'll blame you, too.
So what are your plans to stop this?
Yeah Timmy Bo Bo ....whatcha gone do boy?
And yet you keep voting for Trump's nominees.
Did you raise any voice when isis were chopping innocents pple heads? Double standard! Why won't refugee go to Saudi Arabia.#Think
DO SOMETHING
@DemResistance How do we stop this entire regime of traitors? Bannon as National Sec adv? ?? Disgraces us ! Hear our pleas!
Except, we turn our backs on our own people when we spend resources helping others.
@GovernorVA Caring for this people is fine accepting a known Trojan horse across our borders is suicide!Thankyou @realDonaldTrump
Make a difference DO NOT CONFIRM ANY of Führer Trump’s appointees! Block all legislation that pushes his fascist agenda!
#NotMySenator
THEN DO SOMETHING!!
Stand up, speak out, and act till you can.
meaningless hollow phrases
Widows and Orphans? WTF? Get some damn balls! Men who helped our troops! Dads & Uncles & Grandpas! YOU Voted for John Kelly!
DO. 
SOMETHING.
put your words into action.  Oppose this criminal.
We beg you to help!
Great. But don't speak in the abstract. Point the fingers and call out the people who are actually doing it. HINT: it's @POTUS
YES!  The Dems always seem to be afraid to just say what they mean. To call out individuals. Step up Senator. Resist this liar.
Start doing something. Actions speak louder than words.
DO MORE. Enough talk. Time for action.
That's all you got, @timkaine?
Please form a dem coalition to completely oppose and obstruct. Our democracy is at stake. Trump/Putin arranging a coup.
then DO something. Oppose the nominations of the obviously inadequate selections such as DeVos, Tillerson, Sessions etc etc...
@SteveRodio 
What are doing about it?
@MattMurph24 Excellect delivery... my sentiments exactly. Let's fight these goons to the very end. Our liberty is on the line !!
Why is a Senator from New Jersey at Virginia's Dulles helping detainees and you're not?!
plan or no?
open up your voicemail. I can't wait until Monday to say my peace.
@MarkWarner @timkaine keep fighting for what is right. Proud you are both my Senators. #NoBanNoWall
Mr. Kaine, I am fearful of this new Trump administration. This is so  un-American and jeopardizes our military mission overseas.
They're not widows and orphans. You got two years. Keep whining.
#Election2018
#CUN2018
learn how to fight our we leave you in the dust. Stand up and fight!! Action. I'm so done with this party as is. Change or die.
They are fleeing the oppression in their society, how can we refuse them?
Would you elected reps of our party please GROW A SET OF BALLS and stop playing paddy cake with this freaking monster?
THIS IS CRAZY THAT WE CAN'T IMPEACH THE DICTATOR, OUR STRONGEST VALUES DESTROYED
I beg u to start resisting this fascist president on the floor by whit holding consent like they did to u during the Obama adm
you need to get to work. Get off twitter and get to work or you're no different than Trump. DO YOUR JOB, NOW
Do. Not. Vote. For. A. Single. Nominee.
we need to fight this publicly and with outspoken force. And everything else that's happening at the same time.
.@timkaine Pls DO something to stop this! We are terrified! #Trump is mentally unstable and we will pay the price. #25thamendment
Talk is CHEAP.  What are you DOING?
Less talk more action! These bromides aren't useful. DO SOMETHING. This is a constitutional crisis not a HS debate.
It's temporary geesh! Obama did it in 2011 to Iraqis. None of ya'll cried then!
My sis in law is banned. She's in a war torn country afraid 4 her life. Is this what US stands for? What's happening 2 us? Help!
We have some widows and orphans in the United States that need help as well. Don't forget them.
you have extremely disappointed me with ur approval votes on this new Admin, sickening u have no backbone! Slap in the face to 44
Please Senator, Please the Dems must unite & fight this. This is not normal. 45 is not normal.
you & the rest of the George Soros followers would destroy this country. Try uniting the country this is not a game
Democrats made the mistake of ignoring the voices on the left. YOU MUST FIGHT, OPPOSE and OBSTRUCT to protect this nation. #resist
I am worried for my Muslim friends who weren't born here. We are a country made up of immigrants. Let's show some compassion.
tweets and memes and #hashtags -  oh my! What's next from the Democrat leadership, a *strongly worded*  statement? #TEAMFECKLESS
Would like to see Congress take action.
exactly
great. Now fight the GOP with everything you have. There is no common ground with a racist & sexist authoritarian party
just like Americans did to the jews in ww2
Senator, this is a tooth and nail situation. USN and VDH all my life. These EOs are not my or our values.
great but what are you and the rest of Congress planning to do? Do something! Stand up to them!
what are you going to do about this????
do something!!!!!!! Please!!!!!
Fight!
Awesome interview! #MeetThePress
@SenatorLeahy Not turning our back, getting system for safety in place. Babies are being used by ISIS & female suicide terrorists!
@SenatorLeahy great words, but we need action now to stop this madman!
what are you doing about it?  What can we do?
Your voice is great, your actions are greater.
Actions speak louder than words.
Then DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT
@realDonaldTrump Tim, US has US$20 Trillion debt you made. US seniors & sick struggle financially. God wants YOU to help us first.
, Nope. Not what God wants. See: Jesus, #Matthew25 and #Luke10
@TheDemocrats what about when Obama banned Iraqi refugees in 2011?  Was that ok? #doublestandards
and what are you personally and professionally going to do about it, Senator?
@Adam_Unger drunken tool!  What happened to Obama building safe zones? Guess what? Trump will
And we embolden them. Add fuel to their fire.
Tim, this is great, but you gotta get your shit together and start running defense. Maybe get some pointers from Sen. Gillibrand?
Why approve his nominations? Get a spine Dems.
we have already been shown that ISIS will use women and children as suicide bombers too.
We're scared out here, Senator. We, the people, are doing all WE can. Is there a PLAN? Is there a leader? Dems doing something? #SOS
We need ACTION, aka votes against these nominees. SCOTUS nominee to drop soon; DO NOT LET US DOWN!
.@timkaine ... and the men who come with them... what do you suggest we do with them?
We will take the Children. The able body men and women can stay and fight for their country.
obama weak "red line", evil flourished, 100's of thousands dead, where was the left's concern for muslim rights then?...Hypocrits
@FaithFortune99 stop voting for his nominees damn it
Thank you for opposing Trump's illegal EO!  Stand strong for Virginians and Americans!
show some balls and do or say something aggressively
Ah yes....Widows and orphans.
Leviticus 19:33
When a foreigner resides among you in your land, do not mistreat them. "

-And in fact it encourages terrorists, helping their propaganda against us.
Well said.  You make me as a Virginian proud.
@chelsadler This is not what our troops fight to protect! Hold the GOP accountable. All Dems vote no on Sessions in solidarity!
PLEASE.. PLEASE.. PLEASE.. LOOK AT ART. 18 SEC. 208 CONFLICT OF INTEREST ACT.... IMPEACHMENT... trump is going to start a war....
thanks for leaving us with this mess.
yes U just right can 't fight evil with evil  caines  mercy compation love is the strength  evil is weakness
And STOP approving these cabinet picks!

WITHHOLD CONSENT. SHUT. IT. DOWN.
Do something.
take the L and get some knowledge.
I agree, but we need more than just words from our reps right now. STAND UP FIGHT BACK
Geez! Virginians vote the left out! Make VA Safe Again! Repeated arrests of VA Muslims being arrested for supporting terror!
Impeach Trump, Pence, Ryan, McConnell and all their sycophants!
DO SOMETHING!!! TWEETING IS WHAT TRUMP DOES. HAVE SOME BALLS, MAN!
The Whole World is Watching. #FreePress Who's in charge of the Voice Of America today? #StopPresidentBannon #FairVOA
Let's take our compassion and #getcanadian #https://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/01/world/refugees-private-sponsors.html
Get to the airport and lead.  Time to pull out the stops.  DJT is telling federal employees to defy a federal court order.
then why are you all voting to confirm his cabinet nominatinons? you have lost credibility, so these words mean nothing.
True words Sen. Kaine.
It's American widows and orphans we need to worry about. Now under President Trump, we will! Goof.
We need all of you to do more! Fight, block, obstruct, resist! #LeftBehindByYourBase
include Cuban orphans?
block nominations, listen to people who are begging the DNC to listen to them
@DemResistance we need to do all we can to defeat republicans in the election in two years, let us work together!
You are surrendering Tim
then fucking do something about it. Tweets aren't going to cut it. Bannon is our new  emperor. Trump's a puppet. Take action.
