Good job Trump. I believe it is now called Trumpcare. Can we please rename it accordingly?
Hope you can afford you insurance after the premiums go through the roof,then maybe you'll want to change the name back to ObamaCare!!
That doesn't even make sense. They're going through the roof because of Trump and those undermining the system left and right.
Yes,that's what I said.
Long day. Clearly losing my mind. 
Hugs... this isn't easy
I think this was a big misunderstanding.
How do you figure
Thank Goodness PA voted for him then! 
You are right! What will They do now? Can’t afford health care!
Unfortunately, I don't find it at all funny, nor do I wish this upon the uninformed in PA. DJT has those that follow him blindly. Very sad
It's very sad.  But it's always a little humorous when folks don't listen, then get jacked up.  Kinda like oh well and walk away.
Con Artist Trump has Lied to us about Health Care! Let’s have the coverage that they have in Congress for life!
Yep.  Give folks what we, the taxpayers, are giving Congress.  Seems only fair.
Yes!
@realDonaldTrump needs to be removed from office ASAP. Impeachment, resignation, or 25th Amendment?
You still have majority GOP/Pence. It will just a little less annoying but still dangerous.
Agreed, our problem doesn't stop at the White House. We need to vote, democrats have the numbers. #BlueWave is coming!
If we don't sabotage ourselves. We've got to get these corp dems out! No better than republicans.
What we need to do, is get money out of politics. Get rid of lobbyist and corporate donations. Everyone in Congress submits tax returns.
Everyone in any federal political office needs to be required to show their tax returns every year
And have them looked over for collusion and/or bribery. You shouldn't be working in government to make yourself rich, work for the people.
That’s fucked up

Trumpcare you mean @thehill. GOP owns this.
#MAGA
#FakePresident ("#MAGA") = Making America GAMBLED AWAY -- 
UNTRUMP THE WORLD-FREE TWITTER
http://trumpmusicvideo.com 
https://www.facebook.com/freetwitter 
Rise up
Pennsylvania wanted Trump. 30% increase for trumpcare. You break it, you own it!
Great job, Trump voters. Now you’ve got what you wanted. Enjoy your Trumpcare health “coverage.”
Thinking the premiums don’t change, just direct net out of pocket to consumer? Subsidies don’t change cost just how cash moves! #PJNET
Well said. In the end, it’s all about profit.
PA has no one to blame but themselves. I feel badly for the people who didn’t vote trump
Not clicking Hill link which cited incorrect name.
#Trumpcare
"Your welcome Pennsylvania" -- hugs & kisses #PresidentKozmo . "Thanks for electing me!"
It's Trumpcare, didn't you hear the news?  Try to keep current, jeez.
You people are out of your minds, but I understand why you want to hurry and switch names of this horrible entitlement.Gained no votes 4 HRC
No, you got that wrong. It’s “Trumpcare premiums rise by 30%”
Trump is a Sociopathic Narrsacist. They have no empathy,compassion.That's why he can throw a fit & suddenly raise ACA by 30%
thank you trump! we knew it all along
Don't try to hang this on Obama's head this is Trump's thing now he put his stink all over it...
This is going to make voters unhappy real fast.
#TrumpCare
His actions harm Americans which is illegal for a president to do. Yet the GOP will do nothing. This is why it is time to retire the party.
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#followmeplease
#resist
#HR4HR
My Plan of 12 years didn't go up under Obama Care it was just no longer available
you need to stop f'n calling it Obamacare at this point ffs.
Have fun Pennsylvania!
Deplorable
Please correct to #Trumpcare  once 45 sabotaged it, it became his.
Trumpcare no longer Obamacare didn’t u hear the President
It's #Obama's fault, #Trump HAD to cut subsidies... 
@SenToomey and every GOP House Rep from PA owns this. THEIR party. THEIR "President." @PADems need to hang this around their necks in 2018
How about calling it TRUMPKILLS PLAN? That's what it will amount to!
As a pennsylvanian, I'm f***ing enraged by this.
call it trumpcare now.
Please note premiums went up after Trump cut subsidies. Trump killed AHC. Let's see how many Ppl can "kill" with Trump Care.Ppl will suffer
It just did
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#followmeplease
#resist
#HR4HR
Trump supporters:
Laugh as he mock handicap man
agree w sexual predator behavior
Love threats to Hillary
Lets c u afford these high premiums
But, but he said U'd have better & cheaper insurance!  He lied to you!  He lies to everyone, even himself.  Man's a sociopath.
Like if he told us if we liked our doctor we could keep our doctor? Or that gov in healthcare would lower premiums but instead they rose?
There were problems, everyone including Obama agreed the plan needed adjustments. Trump is causing it to fail. It's now Trumpcare.
Trump is making the adjustments. Obama allowed entire states to fall to one provider.
No, 45 is causing ACA to fail. This is a fact. Now a bipartisan group has come up with fixes & 45 is now hedging. He wants failure not fixes
No no no no ... It's #TrumpCare now.

He OWNS this! 
This is correct. Media must stop calling it #Obamacare. @potus broke it, now he's bought it. #trumpcare
He promised to get elected. What a joke Trump is!!
You voted for him 30%is just one wait if taxs pass another 30% own it Pennsylvania
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#followmeplease
#resist
#HR4HR
Enjoy your TrumpCare!

There should be a special tax based on a 2016 ballot. Maybe Trump voters can pay a 60% increase to cover voters who tried to prevent this 
Trumpcare!!! Say it!!!
I hope every single fucking Trumpster w/any kind of illness lives to regret their massive inexcusable choice and drowns in their stupidity.
I’m with you. Any empathy I would normally feel for all Americans has been murdered. I only feel bad for the HRC voters. Sorry, not sorry.
WHAT?! But Trump said it would we have better coverage, cheaper rates, and flying cars!
“PA TRUMPCARE premiums will rise.”  He has to own it. Stop using ACA and Obamacare. He deliberately killed that health care initiative.
Oh no, this is #Trumpcare. This is on him & the @GOP now.
Hope all Trumps followers in PA are happy.
I don’t wish bad on anyone , but they are getting what they asked for by voting for that ass
*Trumpcare
Forgive our skepticism, premiums were supposed to drop with Obamacare
This is all on “Trumpcare” You broke it,you own it GOP and @realDonaldTrump
#TRUMPCARE #DUMBASSES
Stop saying Obamacare. Once he signed that EO, it’s TRUMPCARE now!
What a D E A L !
What an evil human being. @POTUS is doing this JUST to erase anything Obama did.He could care less about the effect it will have on millions

is anyone surprised
How many Obama voters in PA went for Trump again?
Trump didn't cut the subsidies. He obeyed the law and didn't illegally fund them! Big difference!
Why isn't breaking the Oath of Office an impeachable offense? He is not faithfully executing the laws of the land.
President Trump is Enforcing the Law , the courts ruled the payments unconstitutional. #Idiot. Blame Barry and the dems they passed the ACA
@PennsylvaniaGOP job well done. Take the next three years off. You deserve it.
Trump said and I quote " fixing healthcare will be so easy and it won't cost a dime" now he's finding out he can't make good on all the lies
I just found out today my health insurance premiums are going to rise by 38% for 2018. Under Obama I saw a total 10% increase over 5 years.
#TrumpSucks #TrumpRussiaCollusion
BS! Just more liberal lies. Obama care is a disaster. Deal with it.Your boy king was a disaster. Deal with it. #AmericaFirst
@SenToomey are you going to grow a spine anytime soon & get ACA subsidies back on behalf of your constituents?
You have for your family. But I’m a GOPer you don’t see having a conversation with. Good luck. No more JK Show for me.
Excuse us, The Hill - plz cease/desist calling TRUMP CARE "Obamacare" cuz it ain't. Feel free to call it GOP&Trump Death as in #WeDon'tCare
Jimmy, you just suggested that “today was a good day to stop being a dick” which goes for you, too. I loved your show, felt the pain and luv
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#followmeplease
#resist
#HR4HR
You damn sure cant blame them because they didnt do anything the whole time they were in office.
cant belive he would hurt the people like that.the ones that  sick will die .want man he is.
I wonder how those ppl feel about Ts plan now that it is becoming reality?? Happy about their vote?? Elections have consequences
How many times people around me have said “but he’s going to Make America Great Again!” With enthusiasm- as if they were enlightening me.
He's a monster. Doing all of this just to get people to think that the ACA is worse because he can't stand anything that Obama does.
But I thought he was the President for Pittsburg?
Need to start calling the ACA what it has morphed into....Trumpcare...he owns it and the potential failure that goes with it!

You mean "trumpcare"
Correction: Pennsylvania #TRUMPCARE premiums will rise 30 percent after Trump cut subsidies http://hill.cm/PTBHI44 . Fixed it for you.
@jimmykimmel get a clue Mr. Hollywood! Obamacare was for paper only.
I’ve always thought people in Pennsylvania were kind and not easily bamboozled... oh well
Barbaric! Trumps brand of Genocide!
Nice job Donnie!
Great job #Trumpsters - America now has #Trumpcare and it's going to kill millions of poor and working-class workers of Americans.
Obamacare won't rise compare to Trump that will rise big time.
Congrats Pennsylvania, we tried to warn you.  Pottery Barn rule applies.
This is what Trump voters wanted. Congrats.
Oh #DumbFuckistan look what you have done! #trumptards
hey the majority of PA voters helped put this orange idiot in the White House......SAD!!!!
No more Obamacare per @POTUS, remember it's dead.  it's now Trumpcare and the blood is now on his hands as well as the entire @GOP #hatecare
Didn't you get the memo?  It is no longer ObamaCare. Stop calling it that!  It's TrumpCare!
Trump rips theVeil to reveal his true self w/such hatred4 him @BarackObama he'd "murder" thePPL http://biblehub.com/1_john/3-15.htm 
And THAT'S NOT CHILD'S PLAY: Whether it's PR, campaigning #PoliceBrutality etc Trump's policies R murderous
You get what you vote for. PA voters bought his bullshit so #sorrynotsorry
Stop calling them this. It makes zero sense.
You mean cut unconstitutional subsidies, don't you?
This is where they will find out they've been bamboozled 
Obamacare is gone. Its TrumpCare now.
Voters of Pennsylvania, enjoy the premium hike. This is what you voted for.
Stop calling it Obamacare it’s trumpcare now
Those are #TrumpCare premiums. @realDonaldTrump says so. Please correct your false headline ;-)
Voting against your best interest will now come into effect.
This is Dumpster care. Why? Because he does not care. Not even a tiny bit.
How about you call it what it really is?! This is #Trumpcare now. And resembles nothing of what Obama wanted.
"Trumpcare premiums are 30% higher than Obamacare premiums" - fixed it for ya.
DEAR @realDonaldTrump VOTERS HE FIXED OBAMA CARE JUST LIKE HE SAID HE WOULD.!
Well done, Republicans. How dumb are you all?!
Pretty soon the #MAGA assholes really are going to have economic anxiety not the bullshit excuse they used to vote Trump
ATTENTION!!  IT IS NO LONGER ACA/Obamacare. It is now #TRUMPCARE. HE OWNS IT.
To paraphrase he said this AM; there's no such thing as Obamacare, don't even use that word - okay than #Trumpcare you poor excuse of a man!
EVERYTHING Trump touches dies.
It’s No longer Obamacare. It’s now @trumpCare
Trumpcare. The best. Get those “Do not resuscitate when the money runs out” wallet cards ready.
Not "ObamaCare" premiums, they are TRUMPCare premiums.
I believe you mean #Trumpscare  Obamacare is gone, never to be mentioned again per @POTUS
#Trumpcare - Hum.... he walked right into that one .... JUST IN TIME!
And the rest of the story is releasing what the increase would be with subsidies.
Please refer to that now as TrumpCare. He owns it!
As soon as Trumps cuts happen, it is then called Trumpcare! He managed it with that cut, he manages it failure.
TRUMP CARE!!!!!!!!!!
And they'll have plenty of other less expensive policies to choose from nationwide. Why should a married couple pay for sex-change insurance
Sure they will. You're adding insult to injury; it's not enough that people will loose insurance you keep lying about cheap plans.
Trump just took a wrecking ball to their healthcare.
The subsidies for the O care law are unconstitutional. enough side
Trump"care" is imploding!
Stop calling this abomination Obamacare. #trumpcare
Pennsylvania folks can buy insurance across state lines... good luck with premium rises
Republicans, this is what you wanted. This is what you voted for.
#Trumpcare is #TrumpCaresLess
Trumpcare is really bigly big big believe me...America gets screwed by the con man.
Call it what it is. #TrumpCare
Sad!
As designed
This is now #TrumpCare -2 b very clear #TrumpDontCare
You mean #Trumpcare premiums will rise....45 owns it!!

Once again, inaccurate, misleading headline. @thehill is consistent. It may still technically be ACA, but it is not ObamaCare.
That's Trumpcare, not Obamacare
Trumpcare sucks
JUST IN: Pennsylvania TrumpCare premiums will rise 30 percent after Trump cut subsidies - there, fixed it for you. ObamaCare is dead.
Way to go chump!!!! He has no idea what the hell he is doing and if he is not being corralled by his handlers he goes off the cliff!!
"This means that most consumers will be insulated from the worst of the impact of Trump's decision."
Call it trumpcare now.
Congrats PA GOP, you just screwed your constituents with paying 30% more out of pocket on premiums all because of Obama derangement.
Congrats also to the PA GOP voters who elected @realDonaldTrump whose actions will increase your health care premiums 30%. Mazel tov!
As Trump said, Obamacare is gone. Your headline should read #TrumpCare
Deathcare
Your President at work
This is what Pennsylvanians who switched votes from Obama to Trump wanted? Was this Making America Great Again that they wanted? 
Great, glad they are getting everything they voted for. Hows those coal jobs coming along? U could have had traning for the 21st century.
Why are you still calling #ACA "Obamacare" even as Trump destroys it maliciously?
This is #Trumpcare
And I’m sure all those people in Penn. are very grateful for moron don saving them from ACA.
Well, duh. The increases are 36% here in WI. No worries, attorneys general lining up with lawsuits soon!
Awright Pennsies! Ya got what ya wanted! So no whining, just shut up and PAY UP.
Not ObamaCare. #Trumpcare
He doesn't care. He knows he won't have his job long, Thank God
How do you like him now PA?
The people that took a leap/plunge and barely put @realDonaldTrump in the White House will get screwed the most.
PA people are smart to vote for him. The people commenting on this post must be from CA, where everyone expects things given to them 4 free.
Let’s stop calling it Obamacare, Trump bought it lock stock and barrel today. 
Welcome to #Trumpcare
You really need to just completely take Obamacare out of the picture.  Cult45 owns this now. If he’s ok with killing my kid it’s Trumpcare.
Call it #Idontgiveafuckcare!!
It's *Trumpcare* now.
@SNLUpdate pointed out that #DOTUS can’t say obamacare is imploding when he is actively destroying it...and compared it to godzilla. 100% true. i would just love to know how he is going to help people pay for their health care costs now.  #RESIST
Don't worry, we of blue states will bail out the poor dumb RWNJS in red states, who love the lying sexual predator, racist, sociopath Trump.
Should now be called trumpdoesn'tcare
@HHSGov #Trumpcare #RealNews he lied, clearly has no clue how #healthcare system works
No no no. This isn't Obamacare any more. Trumpcare premiums are 30% more than Obamacare, cover fewer people, and cost the govt more.
This is now IQ45’s baby.
Obama no more.
#IQ45 is #brilliant in oh so many ways! Can we make that trend?
This is now IQ45’s baby.
Obama no more.
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#followmeplease
#resist
#HR4HR
He said premiums would rise 30% and he was right. Because he knew he would make it happen.
Donny John says there is no more ObamaCare therefore, It is Trumpcare premiums that will rise 30%
More winning @realDonaldTrump
That's Chumpcare. He played his voters for chumps and most don't know it yet
Forgive me while I laugh my ass off...thank god Ive got the VA.

#winning!!!
Bs they were rising anyway
#VoteOutTheGOP
At this point, it isn’t Obamacare...it’s Trumpcare. He’s purposely destroying it, of course it will fail.
This strategy seems pretty strange.
A sad day for the working class of PA.
Headline Correction: #TrumpCare cause PA premium hike. In a so much wining move, HIS base NATIONALLY to experience similar rate hike. #MAGA
No no no. President said Obama care is dead. Please change headline to Trumpcare
This is all on Trump. He is the destroyer.
Well, I hope they enjoy lying in the bed they made.
Sorry, it's called #Trumpcare Pls correct your tweet @thehill
Trump, the ingrate, rewards the gullible blue gone red Keystone State for falling for his antics
I can confirm. My Kaiser premiums only rose 5-10%/year for the past 3 years. In 2018, Kaiser says my premium will about 30%.
#MAGA

How can it keep the name #Obamacare
he owns it & every moron who voted 4 him. Enjoy it people! If you couldn’t afford copays, pray u don’t get cancer..143,000$ 
Get your headline correct.... it's Trumpcare  now.
It's Trumpcare now!!!!  .@realDonaldTrump owns it!!!
Please stop calling it ObamaCare. It  has been rebranded TrumpCare.
Trump gutted the ACA after years of failed GOP efforts to kill ACA.
So whatever is left of the ACA is officially #TRUMPCARE
It’s now Trump Care. Not Obamacare. It will be fucked up. Believe me @realDonaldTrump
