Now is a good time to tell our closest allies in war and peace just how much we Americans love and respect Great Britain.   
plz be this vocal when this is proven to be correct
Were you so worried about the special relationship when Obama went out of his way to trash it? #inthetank
We fought England, fought England again and then saved England. #History101
To the JoeThread...Joe is spouting for ratings only. Don't get caught up in his made up delirium. #ShamelessHack
surreal
So much of what the current administration is doing is beneath the dignity of the White House. Unsurprising and yet still shocking.
I'd rather have the Germans with me. They actually make things instead of just playing with other peoples money.
One Thing is for sure Britain is the most reliable and closest Ally America has in Europe.
It doesn't matter, Joe, how much we tell the Brits we respect them when the dolt in the House doesn't.
agreed, the new norm… Lacks incredible dignity
- Kind of like the the fraudulent, baseless conspiracy theory you floated about Trump leaking his 2005 tax return? C'mon Joey...
Trump leaking his own tax return far more believable and likely.  #showmaninchief
-Not likely.
Would put nothing past DT. He gets nuttier by the tweet. The WH his best reality tv performance yet!
-I can see how some would see it that way.
The Brits seem enjoy Trump and he likes them, no reason to over-react to a single issues. Let it go already. More important stuff!
why would you tell them that joe.  They even caused the 2008 dump
You should have thought about that before giving a compulsive liar a billion dollars in free advertising
your guy.  Good God.
when will we subvert brittiania again? We need to BUILD THE WALL NOW
Re: Brittish intelligence on GWBush's Iraq war, Y didn't U ? that? U r so uppity now, but then U were just a journalistic coward.
Oh dear Joe, words like dignity, grace, and prudence will only be uttered when noting the breathtaking lack of, in this admin. Gross
Yes. Also beneath the dignity of the White House to churn out fraudulent conspiracy theories about a former President wiretapping
And his birth place.
and and and buckle up he's just getting started
The Mad King.....
Americans may but or President loves no one except himself.
@AAAron333 Not if you're Aligned with Putin.
Joe, how do we stop this mad man? He's more terrifying with each passing week.
The greatest show of respect to our allies is to let them know that for the majority, Trump is NOT our president and will NEVER be!
Beneath contempt to accuse your predecessor of a felony and not apologize.
Why has no one asked him directly about spreading fake news?
The White House has been forever damaged by this lowlife. Any office to which #Trump can ascend is in need of immediate reform.
lol, Joe, we're yawning.
When are people going to learn that  DJT is not going to change he going to continue to peddle in conspiracy theories.
especially tragic given all Obama did to honor that relationship!
is this @joenbc the same guy that appears on msnbc on mika brzezinski's morning joe program?
dignity? For real?
and is this new Joe?
Wasn't it Brittish intelligence that provided much of the so-called evidence 4 GWBush's Iraq war? What were T Blair's intentions?
The WH most definitely. , most definitely NOT.
Thank you, Joe.  Couldn't agree more!
@BBCNews @realDonaldTrump There is no dignity in the White House any more.Mr.Trump and his lackey's have trashed it. Sorry UK ,World
@TruckersVote First U have to know that meaning of the word There isn't an ounce of empathy sympathy  compassion in Trump's Dynasty
@potus there is no dignity in this White House or decency, truthfulness, integrity and especially credibility. Big league sad
He's putting Americans in great danger Will our allies really stand by us when we need them with a leader who lies and demeans them
It used to be.........no longer is America respected or feared. The Wh House is now a house of thugs, bullies, racists, freeloaders
It is beneath the dignity of all Americans to have to suffer this Buffoon of a President for one more minute.
Republicans will go along to get along until they can't get their agenda through or until they lose in midterms. Cowards
it's beneath the dignity of this great country to have a president Trump.
yeah you gotta read more history objectively from both sides
Also not ok to spin conspiracy theories about HC or the media or women who tell the truth or judges...
 that they don't uphold the honor of the office. I was against everything 43 did but called him Mr. President, respected the office
as long as you GOPers stay in a party that is owned by this man, you give him cover. Stop being complicit.
@DMRevans uh. Apparently not. As people keep reminding us he is our president. Oh & from your party.
- no joe, you should - you/Mika gave this clown a platform!
these people in the White House are bottom feeders and have no sense!!
What is really going on here? What aren't we seeing? No one is this stupid. The dog is wagging. Why?
Americans Trump's thrown y'all under the bus already!
In 24 hours Trump embarrassed the U.S. with Britain, Germany & Ireland. Glad he is resting in Florida again.
Goober. Wake up. Trump is now the conspiracy god. He churns out a new one every 2 weeks.
It is beneath the dignity of the United States to have this lying, conspiracy theorist as our President!
I love you, UK!
The White House leaked to NY Times Trump circle was wiretapped?  Good to know.
someone needs to inform our Prez on that...in between golf and defunding meals on wheels
It's beneath the dignity of an American to churn out fraudulent conspiracy theories that trash our special relationship with Britain
trump needs to be impeached before he gets us all killed.
why are you too melancholic now?
Slick willie got a hummer under the desk and Dems still fawn over him?
Sorry Joe, this WH has no dignity to get beneath.
Farage loves Trump. Globalists like you do not.
Time for everyone to stop saying they want prez to be successful. Time to save the country. Time to constitutionally get rid of him.
perhaps a good idea would be to trash Winston again. Think about O and go away.
unfortunately dignity is not something this white house cares about.
A
Apparently it is NOT beneath their dignity. This sick man, and his pathetic staff,  are morally and ethically bankrupt.
And yet, here we are.
@morningmika 
Is it even possible to get BENEATH the dignity of THIS WH?
I didn't think so.
there will be no dignity to our White House once he's done with it.
The media has been churning for the last year. We like when he messes with the media. On to the next hole. Haha
no one in the WH that cares about decorum ... SAD !
Donald Trump is an embarrassment to the country.Thats Fact.
Yes. It was beneath the WH.
Can Britian take us back?
it is beneath the dignity of our country to continue to allow this ignorant buffoon to be president.
English speaking Five Eyes surveillance pack is not a conspiracy theory, it's the fact.
How about calling German press "fake news"?
and that trash our former president
You should have thought of this while you were kissing Trump's ass during his campaign instead of highlighting his ignorance
- Joe, Obama pissed on Great Britain for 8 years, even moving the Churchill bust in Oval Office.  Where was your outrage then?
No. We are tired already of having to USE the PUBLIC to FIX ALL of the TRUMP ADMIN SCREW UPS ! At some point HE HAS TO LEARN !
sadly there is no dignaty left in the White House. That left with the Obama's
.@JoeNBC you expect dignity when he can't even manage the basic good manners of hosting someone in the people's house #Pathetic
ohh ok liberal Joe, like Obama did with Israel?!?! Go back to bed with Mika!!
it was a British agent who procured the "trump dossier" . Not a conspiracy theory
we're you this angry when obama was telling them to get in the back of the queue ?
Sorry #TraitorJoe nobody more deceitful than barrack obama anything is possible, he's as anti-American as they come.  #MorningJerk
So now we don't take @POTUS or the WH Spokesman @PressSec seriously either. Disinformation - Bad (sick) guys!
Apparently not.
@morningmika watch ur show ev Am - to watch Halprin ask the first ? bout healthcare c'mon! Get 2?'s and that's what he asks? Shame
..........but not beneath your party to keep supporting the most unready,bigoted gop whiteBOY ever to set foot in our WHITE HOUSE.
Joe! You my friend, don't know!!!
At some point the sycophants will tire of looking like ass kissing suck ups.
Dignity? Surely you jest? He is a crude, cruel child- an emotionally bereft serial liar, intellectually vapid, lacking basic respect
stop please
Please make it stop!
Trump has insulted Mexico, Australia,Britain & today he wouldn't even shake Merkel's hand.We went from class to White trash.Pathetic
Apparently not
comrade trump is beneath nothing!!
There is no dignity in this White House.
I'll bet you voted for it too
Has MSNBC gotten around to telling you about Mika taking over and you'll be a "special guest" on Morning Mika? She knows.
Jenifer with one "n" is a Joe Scarborough "hit girl" in disguise. Like it!!!
Bite me, a-hole.
So it wasn't Britain who did it. All fingers still point to Obama.
Maybe some other WH, but not this one!
well let's see, I believe you and Mika do that all the time on morning Joe, you have no room to talk,iam glad your out of the WH ):>
Alzheimer's
Fraudulent?  You have a private line to MI 6? Oh, got it from Rachel Maddow,  then.
trum p is a liar hillary told us he is unfit and unhinged she was right trump is putins puppet bribes and coersion her rude emails
you mention from you Joe when Obamas put England at the back of the line. Double standard?
Oh, please, you drama queen. Our relationship with Britain is much better now than it had been for the past eight years.
Amendment 25? Impeach? Something? This is beyond ridiculous.
When POTUS has paper thin brain, do you really expect to see intellectual depth in his ability to articulate our national interests?
ya he did that when the prime minister was here!!
obviously it isn't
Sad day for US. We have a President tell one of our allies, we have something in common. No firm rejection only point the finger.
This American admired the leader of the free world @AngelaMerkeICDU not the  idiot in the WH @realDonaldTrump
The sitting President is beneath the White House, period.
It's beneath everyone's dignity, but I notice they do it anyway.
I am truly frightened of this man. Can't anyone get through to him to shut his pie hole for a second and think before he tweets/talks.
I'm not convinced dignity is a word that applies to this administration.
unfortunately, not anymore. truly sad.
obama trashed it. U said nothing
how do we stop this man? OMG, he is damaging not only relationships, but our country as well, along w/ the office of the prez.
The long long list of things Trump has done that are beneath the dignity of the White House.
It was beneath our dignity to have a lout like Trump be together with a real leader.
His treatment of Merkel not much better.  Graceless boob will destroy us in less than his 4 years.
Trump body language with #Merkel says volumes too!
But nothing is beneath Trump's dignity. That's the problem.
#Russia #Wiretaps #GCHQ #Flynn #Putin #PresidentBannon
Clearly it isn't beneath this White House. @realDonaldTrump is a fraud.
MSM isn't getting it that we want swamp drained which means protocol for everything DC is O.VER.
Do I ever wonder what Churchill would think or say abt our place in 2017?
"It is beneath the dignity of the White House to".... might want to have that phrase on speed dial for the next 4 yrs
Or the last President.....but that didn't stop anything!!!!!
WH now believes US foreign policy interests best served by pissing directly into the wind.
what about Obama? Tell him we are sorry first.
Just beneath the dignity, not Un-Amercian? This WH seems to lack basic dignity and needs strong @GOP voices like yours to speak up
You are officially a snowflake
.@JoeNBC These guys remain tone deaf on how their words are received & perceived outside their tiny bubble. The whole world is watching.
Can DJT just stop all of the inane chatter. Just fix what is wrong. Forgo mindless tweets that just make him look incompetent.
Joe.  You need more crayons.
ditto for media to churn up fake news about President Trump
joe is a great time to ask obama why they changed rules on Intel when they left or gave millions to liberal or or or or??
Then... call for his removal.
is it beneath the dignity of MSM to churn out their fraudulent conspiracy theories against the Russians?
@AlCardenasFL_DC Amen brother
It is also beneath the dignity the White House to churn out fraudulent conspiracy theories that trash his predecessor.
funny how this guy still thinks people listen to him outside of his bubble of circle jerks !
now is a good time to come out and apologize to everyone about the lies.
the dignity of The Office, The White House & our international reputation have l been severely damaged in the last 60 days.
Agree, hey, how many times does Trump go on TV anyway?? He's on every day!!! It's a daily photo op!!!!!!!!!
we keep forgetting that is your job along with Mika to control what people think and what conspiracy theories they belive. #Maddow
You're as trusting of the intelligence complex as your poor wife was of your fidelity!
You and your bimbo have been dishing out fraudulent conspiracy theories for a long time now.
this from the source that said @realDonaldTrump gave @maddow his tax returns
They accepted our apology. Imagine if this had been some country who's relationship is not as solid
says the guy who doesn't have a problem with covering up murders in his office!
Probably, right now, you will find more dignity in a preschool sandbox than in the White House.
Russian dossier came from where? You work for NBC, and talk about dignity?
it's about time just to keep your damn mouth shut
This president (& GOP who's too weak to stand up to him) have zero dignity. He will ruin your party - u know that right?
are you drunk Scarborough?
Not this WH.
Can it wait till tomorrow? @JoeNBC
@PressSec did not get that memo
#trumpadminstrationlieseverydayoftheweek
current WH has no dignity
Why did you vote for him Joe?
this Trump fellow just keeps poking his fingers into things to see what he can Rile up to start a war.
what dignity of this WH? It has none
Thank goodness for the apology.  Ma'am was just about to send 007 over 
Damn, Joe, you're a broken record.... Love you - hope your vacay is going well,but damn, dude, vary your shit up a bit.  Unwatchable
- its current occupant is beneath the dignity of the White House.
You just tweeted that Trump leaked his tax return to make himself look good.... bla,bla,bla- with zero evidence? That's a conspiracy
The WH lost it's dignity on Nov 8th. The lying the drama the tweeting. Such a great privilege to President sad he does not get that
This. From the King of conspiracy theories
nothing compared to the garbage you turn out!!
Has there in recent history been a more dishonest & incompetent presidency? Trump himself is a joke but so are the staff.
Actually it's beneath the dignity of the White House to have that so-called man living and working there.
Paranoid. Delusional. Demented. UNFIT
deflect move
Add it to the list of many undignified actions by Trump!
Dignity of this White House? That's funny.
it was a report from Fox News referencing 3 top intelligence officials/ sounds just like the type of reference you use
