That sounds objective? Just proves the Left is out to destroy the President! So far the only proven liar is Comey! Look at all he said prior
Liar in chief.
The Democrats seem to have mastered the use of words like "If, maybe and almost".Hard to have much to say when their choking on Clinton loss
lol, lol, lol lol
Yep!
Comey don't deserve respect or honor for such cowardly actions toward both the President and Attorney General.
That will give him legal issues to worry about.
LIAR
Sen Leahy should get 1 st flight to North Korea Bravo to Pres for getting that boy out Bless you
Journalistic integrity? Do you really think MSNBC will keep gretta around if she doesn't pile on Trump.
Was Leahy hiding behind the drapes. Opinions aren't facts.
Not smart enough to have a recorder!
Yea and your track record in trump  has been right on
Lol! Another corrupt nut job!
There are no Damn tapes.
He's such a 7th grader!
Really @SenatorLeahy ? How can you be so sure? Do you think Lynch is truthful about the topic of her tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton??
High Comedy.
Typical Dem delusions!
And Leahy is a psychic.
Comey is still a leaker.What else has he leaked.
He testified it's a strategy he used in this case. We assume he used the very same cowardly and devious strategy when it suited him.
They will say he leaked?
Almost.
Only Chuckie Schumer is a bigger political hack than Leahy. The only thing he can guarantee is that his hand is always on someone's pocket
what's a democrat politician guarantee worth LMAO
Senatoir Leahy just another lame man who thinks he can predict what is real.
You can't corroborate your existence
Trump has always been right
My bet is Comey's version is closer to actual events.Ppl might be surprised by how faulty memory can be.#DTLies
Was his memory of leaking the contents of his memo faulty? How about his meetings with a Trump? With Loretta Lynch?
Come on Greta I know u work for MSNBC but be your own person get both sides
In fairness she posted Leahy's comment and is getting responses. Leahy isn't very bright so he  would easily say something that stupid.
And that's why Fake 45 will never let go of them until someone subpoenas them. Get on that, Senator!
Hmm, Who's fake? The leaker?
agreed
IF?
There are no tapes. IMHO.
Poor old Senator Leahy... Time for term limits people!!!
"I can almost guarantee" is a non- statement.
what that there wasn't any collusion or obstruction of justice!
-"I can almost, maybe, kinda sorta guarantee"! Can I quote him on that????
How's that Senator, you there at the time. Didn't have much trust when it was HRC's turn in barrel. Disgusting hypocrite
Leahy  was not in the room and is no friend of POTUS He can guarantee one thing a  continued obstruction to congress getting anything done.
What a loon. How in the hell could he know that.
The fear of tapes made Leaker Comey come out...
THAT's why Comey was SO concerned about the possibility BOTH sides of conversation was on tape rushed out at midnight to publish ONE side
The Democrats would say the tapes are fake.. so what the hell... and Democrats know fake..
You mean that POTUS is NOT under investigation and that he asked to continue investigation into his satellites??
Trump toys with the media, he said there is and "you'll be disappointed". Could it mean there is and media won't like what's on them? Maybe
What was the reason for declaring that the conversation was taped?
FUD. Planting Fear, Uncertainty, and Doubt. Political twist.
Yes, tapes will "corroborate what #Comey said": Tapes will corroborate his, and #Dem's, illegal activities; and vindicate #Trump! #oops
Hahaha Senator....really?  Oh wait.....you were certain Hillary would win....never mind.
Trump bluffed to force Comey to tell the truth
How could he possibly know that?
He can't guarantee anything
Such a hypocrite! It doesn't matter what is said, the democrats will keep it going and going.  We need TERM LIMITS!!!!
Wow! An Almost Guarantee.......   Wait until manufacturers put that on their products!
Greta, you are disappointing . Fan  wanting you standing straight rather than leaning to left.
Greta, same on u. I don't believe Comes for a minute. He's bitter.
Why did President Trump mention the tapes if it did not clarify what was said by both?
The psychic abilities of the MSM is intriguing
Greta - one leaker protecting another - give me a bresk!
Almost guarantee = nothing
Then why would he release them?
Just because you so desperately want it to be true doesn't make it true.
like the network lied the day before his testimony?
How so? Will you playing Ouija board last night?
And that may be because Trump's warning that tapes may exist kept that Dirty Jim Dirty lying cop honest
Greta, 
IF
ALMOST

In other words, NOTHING THERE
Highly doubt it
Well then they'll match what Trump said, they said the same thing, interpretation is what varies.
Fortune teller ?
So even Leahy knows Trump had no involment
So you are calling the POTUS a liar?
Said like a good fake news commentator you are where you belong I always thought you were a lefty
You're smart senator
Wonder if the tapes are out of former director of the FBI office, he was not there when he was fired, sure the office was secured
How does he know that?
Key word "almost"
I have came to the conclusion don't guarantee anything any time someone say I can almost 90/percent of the time there wrong
Senator Leahy still around? I thought there was a meteor that killed all dinosaurs...
Woke up middle night, can't now lie..leak info..save family from mass heart attacks.?
BS
He has proven to be so truthful 
Why would he think that?
I doubt it. Comey is a liar.
So would you stake your career on James Comey Senator? I sure wouldn't!
I wonder how much he'd be willing to wager on that.
There probably are tapes and Trump knows he's f^cked if he ever releases them. We won't ever hear them
WHO SAYS SO he leaked info so no one would find out it was him what makes him so credible bc a demoncrat said so
There aren't. At least none that wii ever be released.
yes he said there was no collusion
There's that disclaimer..."almost".....
So this guy reads minds so funny where r memos comey has destroyed them 
He threw that "almost guarantee" in there,  which means nothing. If he's that positive remove "almost" and back it up.
And that's not biased?
Greta you mean "I had a gut feeling" I interpreted" "I assumed" "I believed" this guy is a traitor who played a sick game
#TDS #HYPOCRITES #LM
Leahy better pray there are no tapes, because Comey otherwise would not act like a scared snowflake!
Lol
Remember when liberals hated James Comey & demanded his head?
Now you're just looking for attention @greta. The more imaginary, negative things you repeat about @POTUS though, the worse you look.
Leahy is a clown !
You will be eating your words like the rest
How can you do that? Were you there? If not, then don't say that.
He would say that. Got any real news?
Ohhhh Please!Comey's one of the top Dirty cop's.Geta's becoming straight Demoncrap.
Lol, remember "Trump Towers wire tap" then came the unmasking debacle. Who knows?
this is a parody of Texas hold-em prof. Bluff holding 7-2 weakest hand but enjoys getting ppl. To fold!
He didn't incriminate Pres. Trump in any crime
How would you know that? He's obviously a liar & leaker. He's admitted to that.
Unless trump has the Russian doctoring them.  Would explain the delay.
Opinion.
I see you're pulling in lots of Mercer Bots tonight, Greta.
How could there not be any tape?! If WH security system does not record every word spoken in that building, the congress shld be investigatd
It was at trump Towers I believe
Why would he release taps that would incriminate him?
Notice how the mere mention of tapes had Comey shitting his depends?
Yeah he was so nervous that he released a memo and testified under oath while Trump bluffs.
He got busted leaking Bottom line.. guaranteed it wasn't his 1st leak he knew Session wld recuse himself befor it hppnd
Why would Trump mention tapes if he had anything to hide!
Wow. Leahy is psychic
No facts here.
Possibility of existence of tapes prevented Comey from lying about facts (that exonerated Trump). All Comey was left with were his feelings.
Great question would be do you know who killed #SethRichCoverUp
There won't be any tapes.
So now he can channel tapes that may or may not exsist
Why would anyone believe if there ever were any recordings that they are still intact?
Not if u see the new documented history of how he acted with Bush and misled under oath in his testimony.  Pretty much a scumbag once read
Dems are now using telepathy or is it a weegie board to know the unknown. Term limits please and thank you.
greta disappointed on 360 deg turn. liberal doesn't become u. Comey omission same as lying re Trump not under invest
There's no tapes, you all have took the bait, hook line and sinker. You have been Hoodwinked. IDIOTS
Why are these nut jobs still looking for Russia tapes and other total bullshit that is not there and never was there to begin with?
Will the tapes say he had a gut feeling Trump would lie?  Great testimony! Stunning!
Ok , then we can start our investigation of Loretta Lynch interfering with an FBI investigation of Hillary Clinton !
You knew he would say that - right- so why ask
Says the Democrat with an obvious agenda... point less to get fair and honest comments from our current politicians.
Well Trump has these tapes, you can bet if they backed him, we'd already have them. This is logic, not ideology.
Comey is a liar and leaker.  A disgrace to the FBI and nation
What does "almost guarantee" mean other than "in my opinion"? Just crafted language to push a point.
That's because Sen Leahy was there?
Leahy has special powers
If they were at all helpful to 45, they'd have been released long ago.
Sen Leahy knows about leaks.  He's been leaking to the media about security matters since Bush the elder
That's why he put that @AGLynch @aglynchthing in there ;) Greta I am two steps ahead always ;) he is going down soon
#JailComey #LockHerUp #HillaryForPrison #LockThemUp #JailComey #LockHerUp
Nope don't think so
Guaranteed speculation on hypotheticals is hardly newsworthy. :-)
If they exist, Trump wouldn't have mentioned them if they didn't help him. If they don't exist (more likely) they've served their purpose.
Well, that is a stroke of brilliance!  Trump warned Comey, did you think he'd still lie?
Where are the Comey Memos? Where is the Comey laptop?
