@SenateDems @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr what is wrongggg w these ppl?? They don't believe in democracy?
People c/o welfare recpt. but you have political figures Who steal billions of $$ from Americans & they change laws to suit their interests
We have a kleptocracy they change the # of votes needed to pass bills they've thrown away democracy only care about Americans at voting time
They need to remember Americans vote more than just once in a lifetime and their names will not be forgotten anytime soon
@FoxNews @SenateMajLdr  @OPSVeracity this is complete BS. A law that will affect millions of citizens isn't secret in any way shape or form
That is what the Republicans said about Obamacare But they were Lying!
It's not yet finished. Show a draft version and everyone starts screaming because it's not "perfect" in every way. We can't afford perfect.
Pelosi said if we wanted to see what was in the Obamacare bill, we had to pass it first.  Remember that?
That was in the past keep beating that Deadhorse have a little more Kool-Aid make America laugh again
Kinda like those statements Trump made 11 years ago that u kind went crazy over?
Ocare passed with many members who voted for it saying they never read it. You championed that bill, so didn't report on its sketchy passage
ACA was publicly debated and argued in Congress for nearly a full year before it was enacted.

Do not perpetuate lies & false equivalence.
Who lied? Most reps who voted "Aye" had no idea what they were voting for, which is why it's collapsing upon itself
We are getting screwed so politishitian can have a job after the retire from Congress #termlimitsforall no more insurance just give us truth
That tells you how bad it is. It would be more honest to say we don't want you to have healthcare at all.
Oh really a secret What about Obama Care Remember Pelosi " we will find out what is in it after it passes" #fakenews Hippocratic reporting
Read the article. It's not "fake news". They explicitly talk about that exact thing.
You bcant tell repubs facts
They are not finished negotiating the deal yet so what is to report What if's and things that may be added or deleted YES @FAKENEWS
You're so desperate to avoid admitting you were wrong that now the news doesn't matter? News isn't fake just because you don't like it. Sad.
Oh good, secrets are so fun!!  but wait... will I have healthcare?   Need to know....
The senate should be forced to take the health care bill they pass AND they should pay for it themselves.
The majority of republicans don't even know....
@SenateGOP - time to unite/work TOGETHER on the healthcare bill. Time to work democratically! #ShowUsTheBill STOP #Trumpcare #ProtectOurCare
These people have no shame. No ethics. No morality. No concern for the American people unless they're the rich ones who fund their campaigns
what is mitch mcconnell so afraid of?  women who want to be treated fairly  anyone he considers a second-class citizen (eg not rich)?
Remember that Pelosi said that they had to pass Obummer care to find out what's in it?
Just let everyone pay same as insurance  no more two tiered billing #truthinbillingnow no more lying about high cost of medical  bills lies
That why people hate these fools! Always screwing the American people
You mean like Obamacare? We had to pass it before we could learn what was inside it. Just like Obama Care. Is that what you are saying???
death .. that's what is in there. Death and pain.
Nothing good...you can bet on that!
@SenJohnHoeven - will the public get the details about the Senate healthcare bill BEFORE you vote on it?  Your constituents want to know!!
This is unacceptable on sooooooo many levels. McConnell and friends need a clear message from their constituents that they'll be REPLACED!!
people voting on something they have not seen. I wonder if they will lock the doors when they vote, and have it anonymous.
Nothing But Communist (NBC) News is FAKE news !!!
SOB!!
What are you hiding, @JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain? #ShowUsTheBill
GOP after being annointed by Koch Bros, run Senate like its their family business.  Hiding Health care bill from us while they ram it thru
The bill WILL be essentially the #AHCA . Stop playing into this rouse that they are writing something new. Minor changes is all we will see.
Are U afraid 'cause it is so bad? If not, legislation not dealing with nat'l defense should'nt B done in secret. Americans deserve openness.
@SenMajLdr Don't do this to us. Grow up & be responsible!
Polosi made Obama Care a secret! REMEMBER WE HAVE TO PASS IT TO SEE WHATS IN IT!
So its following the Obamacare model. Democrats should support this.
Whatever is in the bill, it probably won't be health CARE.
Every time I see Mitch McConnell's face in my Twitter feed I hear Bruce Cockburn singing the "Franklin" theme in my head.
If ur rich and young with no pre existing conditions and u have to invest with trump some how . Yup sums it up !
Big secret. Tax cuts for the rich, and de-regulation for crooked insurers. It's GOP expect nothing actually good from it.
If it wasn't bad for the people, they wouldn't be hiding it.
but the American people will get screwed by it
Every open government advocate in the country ought to be up in arms over what the Senate is doing.
#DeathByGOP will be the new leading cause of death. Poison the air, give the mentally ill guns & take your healthcare. GOP trifecta.
And the Republicans wonder why there are so many irate Democrats?  Why do they want citizens to die vs giving us Universal Healthcare?
Sound familiar lefty's?? Shit aint funny is it!
@SenateDems Senators, isn't it time YOU take control of this? Barge in -wear flags, throw apple pie- do SOMETHING other than talk about it
At a time when people are angry they don't seem to understand. This is must bipartisanship moment. @SenatorCollins. I'm covered but Nation?
Whatever it is, I hope it will cover a cure for Mitch's melting face syndrome...
Well, if it is a secret a least maybe someone has read it, unlike failed for everyone except welfare takers Obamacare which passed w/o read.
The healthcare insurance lobby knows as they are the one's formulating the plan & its secrecy & paying quite well the GOP 4 concealment!
You got that right. This is all about lining the profits of the rich. Reps prob have stock in many of these insurance firms.
Indeed!
This kind of move by GOP is what is making Americans angry,  Mitch & crew are idiots
Remember when @NancyPelosi demanded that Congress pass Obamacare to read it? Not only was it secret then, but she demanded blind faith.
Dishonest media
Why do people want to shoot Senators, 24 million losing health care?
“@NBCNews: What's in the Senate health care bill? It's a secret http://nbcnews.to/2ruqz6X  ”
One of the reasons the shooter went insane-its not a party thing, it's a government that ignores what the American ppl needs thing -
You mean Pelois is running things,  "Must pass the bill to see what is in it"
To call it the Senate bill would be to imply both parties are working on it. This is the Republican Insurers Plan #RIP
Americans have confidence it will be fair and bring premiums down.
hello - millions lost HC under OBAMACARE, cost went up & providers dropped out.  It was disastrous.  MAGA
Finally reporting about it!
Nothing except MORE MONEY for the RICH. Nothing to see here folks! Is this why that man tried to kill as many republicans as he could? 
They've had over 8 years to come up with something better than the ACA. All we get is shit slung to see what sticks. These guys are a joke!
It's Schrodinger's Healthcare Bill- you either get a dead cat, or lose your healthcare coverage. (Spoiler: you lose coverage)
the ACA wads meant to be a starting point,to bre tweaked and improved over time
@NancyPelosi should understand this.
Colonel McConnell from Kentucky says the 11 secret herbs and spices makes it finger lickin' good!
has anyone ck'd out what their h/c package looks like?
those are the faces of people who can't wait for vacation to start
look at the faces n these clucks faces, can anything good come from this?
there would be no universal h/c if the ACA had not passed. That was meant to be a starting point. To be tweaked and improved.
McConnell is evil
Shows how much they care about anyone but themselves! It all about them and not the people!
It's a secret cuz it's still worse than ObamaCare
Certainly not universal health care
You gotta pass it before you know what's in it ask @NancyPelosi
#Scumbags
NBC is propaganda !!!
Picking up right where you left off before yesterday, eh @NBC?
You have to Pass the bill to see what's in it.  That is the standard set by #Dems.
Makes you sick thinking about it.
He'd like to tell you but he's pretty sure HIPAA rules prevent it or, if not yet, in case HIPAA may want to prevent it in the future.
Repubs must think constituents are uninterested/ incapable of grasping the #SecretHealthcarePlan  Voters, demand to know what's in the bill.
Voters demanded last time but democrats voted it in regardless. Karma.
Please, enough with this face.
Where was this outrage when Pelosi said you have to pass it to know what's inside?
You mean the ACA that was debated for months?  Shut your lies.
This is America! They can't behave like this! Just another reason reactions are becoming so violent! OPEN UP YOUR  EYES!
So, not being able to see draft legislation before it's voted on, that justifies the idiot Hodgkinson shooting people?  Ridiculous.
The A/C/A saves Lives FACT. What is in the Health Care Bill, anti President Obama, bitterness, pure Partisan and a lack of will to govern.
No secret!! Obamacare is done 
#VoteThemOut!!!!
Nothing is in it, they are simply moving a trillion$s away from healthcare in the form of top% tax cuts
These fools need to be impeached if they  play games w/health care 
https://twitter.com/jefiorentino/status/860668911204917249 …
Do you know the definition of impeachment?

When the American people have suffered enough under oppressive GOP policies, they will vote Democrat for prosperity and freedom for all.
 haha I puked over that uneducated comment
You would think this guy would be tired of swirlies and wedgies.
The question is what is not in the Senate health care bill. Coverage for millions of Americans would be my guess.
As was Obamacare. To this day no one understands Obamacare.
I hate that face 
TSA scan is now legally a physical
