haters gonna hate... :)
Yeah. And Twitter is a hater Hellscape.
I prefer your "Tesla tweetstorms" over your "justice system tweetstorms", but hey it's your twitter...
Me too. I hope to get back to regularly scheduled programming soon ...
here's a chance! Is the model 3 logo going to be the three horizontal bars or numeric 3?
Numeric
when will HW2 cars have same functionality or better than v1? I upgraded last month and feel lost without AP
Almost there. We are just being very careful with the rollout.
I can assure you Britain does it better.
Ok, but what's up the wigs?
Because no one told the lawyers to stop wearing them after the 18th century.
Actually, I think it's kinda cool :)
If you are going to have a battle of words, you might as well look good doing it. Right?
I would say Canada is way up there ;)
I love Canada! I'm half Canadian. My Mom was born in Regina. My grandfather (her Dad) was American, born in Minnesota.
Your grandfather (Haldeman) seemed like an incredible man. I've loved reading stories of him. Especially flights through deserts
I will post an article he wrote half a century ago about flying through Africa and Asia in his plane. One of my favorite things.
Looking forward to reading it. Curious, have you ever piloted a plane?
he use to fly his own fighter jet! Pretty cool! But too dangerous with responsibilities
doesn’t make your defense of the order a few days ago any better
Did you read my tweets? I attacked it hard. Did not defend.
you RT’d a recommendation to actually read it that said it was “Far less bad than portrayed by the left”
Reading the source material is better than reading other people's opinions about the source material https://twitter.com/gedamore/status/825931618086899712 …
I think he was bringing attention to the first part, not the later part; reading source is the stressed statement.
Exactly
Canada too!
True!
And the Nordic countries. And most of Europe.
This is demonstrably false. Come check out New Zealand, where our judiciary isn't riddled with partisanship.
I agree, great country! Looking forward to taking my kids for a visit. I've heard it is incredibly beautiful.
Norway too!
Norway is great on all levels. Love Norway!
Norway Loves you :)
It is becoming clearer that it is time for you to stop working with Trump.  How many Tesla sales have you lost as of now?
Good grief, I'm not "working" for Trump. I'm trying to provide advice that helps take things in a more positive direction.
You don't even realize how lucky you are that Mr Musk is doing this.He's one of the few ppl who can still do some good.
Hate 2 C Musk waste valuable time all the more power to him if he can get Trump 2 actually listen & act on concerns
He's definitely not wasting it, at least from my perspective. Trying is better than crying.
Exactly! Trying is better than crying! Tweet of the day! 
should become the slogan for 2017
Indeed, the sooner the better!
thanks for being pragmatic. Too many oversensitive nerds.
True. Me being one of them :)
Few Tesla tweets before ending tweetstorm? When is Model 3 final reveal? Charge rate of Supercharger V3?When we get to see pickup?
I was one of your largest supports up until this tweet.
The laws need to change. Judges are responsible for evaluating whether an action breaks the law, not making law.
this ignored vast sentencing disparities which exist and there is much scholarly evidence of.
take this for example, our system still needs reform.
people who don't agree with this have probably never lived in another country. I've lived in Colombia and Argentina, worlds apart
Exactly
no we are minorities in the US and we do not have the same justice as the majority. We know our country
Sonya I absolutely agree with you, being from CA I know the country, tons of flaws, but we are still lucky
What do you think of our public education system?
Needs a major overhaul
Musk for president
that could push him in a major scapegoat position. i think he is fine where he is really, getting shit done!
right but someone of his abilities has to be in the office
Tell that to the Natives who lost all of their land. Elon it would be wise to avoid politics.
You're right. Politics is a no-win situation. Somebody is going to hate what you say no matter what that is.
politics should be done by non politiciens 1digital world government run by artists
technologists peace amabassadors
...@dan... you are smokin some way good stuff talking like that
people see things say why? I dream up things and say why not?
How about Germany?
Also good. There are several that are on par with US. Just don't think any are better. People confuse laws with courts.
U never change things by fighting the existing reality.2change something build a new model that makes the existing model obsolete
dude you just gave one of the greatest innovators in the world a lecture on innovating.
lol bro
What do you think about India. People here are obsessed with you! Your views are important. :)
Really? Ok, I will work harder on thinking first and tweeting second. Sorry for anything thoughtless.
i think that was a compliment. I could be wrong.
Yes it was! I think he was reading someone else's tweet and replied me!
Considering how @elonmusk is being unnecessarily trolled, i dont blame him for misunderstanding!!
 Yes, but he's a human too. People always have quixotic expectations from people like him…like #SteveJobs
and many only see a small piece of the situation someone's in
Nowhere other than Denmark, Norway, Finland, Sweden, the Netherlands, Germany, and 11 other countries. http://data.worldjusticeproject.org/ 
Those countries have strong justice systems, but I'd put them roughly on par with US. That rating system conflates many factors.
what data is your assumption based on? @vladsavov
Nowhere but Switzerland.
There are many good legal systems on par with US. Just don't know any that are better.
What about ones where cops get convicted after murdering unarmed civilians? No?
this
this isn't the legal system this is the law enforcement agencies not doing their job and protecting their own
No, courts and grand juries consistently finding them not guilty is the legal system.
without proper evidence how can a jury properly do their job? Who's job is it to collect evidence.
I think you should probably start following these cases a bit more closely. You might be surprised at what you learn.
Is that why the US has more incarcerated persons per capita than any other country in the world?
Mostly anti-drug laws
yeah people who sell drugs should be locked up
most are not dealers but minor possession or repeat possession. Mental health should be priority.
than doctors and pharmaceutical companies bcs theyve killed more than any pot dealer
I personally can affirm that I need doctors and pharma co. more than I need drug dealers. But maybe my values are wrong
cool man
America is the whole continent Mr. Musk 
Fair point, sorry
We all do it.
we are human, we make mistakes, but they are the seeds of change.

http://www.usaisnotamerica.com/ 
The United States belongs to America, not the other way around....@realDonaldTrump 
Just for starters....
…
@realDonaldTrump @Oprah It all belongs to God, we're just stewards for a very short time dear friend.
It's true, we should all think beyond labels of nationality, that is where the money lies tho.
We are forced to take sides, thinking it will make us part of a greater good, when in actuality+
you're joking right?
you realize Trayvon Martin died today and George Zimmerman is still free?
you realize not a single Wall Street executive responsible for the depression it still not in jail.
you realize Standing Rock is being taken over buy Mercenaries, police and National Guard? While indigenous rights get trampled
you realize now it is legal for companies to dump their waste into our River streams and other Water Supplies?
do you realize Flint still has no fucking clean water?
you realize Micheal Slager a police officer can get away with killing a black man openly and then framing him on fucking video.
did you realize the Bundy family got away with occupying federal land 4 months and was acquitted?
someone take this man's emoji keyboard away
probably not though since all Liberals seem to be either brainwashed or part of the Plan!
im canadian not liberal ok
wasn't referring to U.... OK????
Pretty hard to be entirely sure about that. How do you know some european countries aren't better?
it's opinion.
we can be thankful for legal system as a moderating force in government. But US criminal justice is deeply flawed in many ways.
Musk is recently continuously justifying his own actions.. "Proximity to power has a strange way to change people's mind"
true. Now if that was applicable to all races, then I'd say it's the best.
shut up, nerd
except of course the thousands incarcerated for tiny drug felonies (Marijuana) and corporations who get away with literal murder
... it's called a law for a reason .... besides, Obama let all those hoodlums and gang members out of jail early
dear lort people like you make me Lolz
.... truth hurts sometimes
all around the world are better legal systems than de american one, Elon
name one.
dutch, German, australian, etc..
I suppose that's a matter of opinion.
In a purely systemical way, sure. I don't think there's any other Western country where "justice by the law" looks so unjust.
we looking at the same legal system???
For a price, but yeah. I mean if you can afford justice, it's amazing here.
.... yep, just like a Tesla...
It is nice to know that if I have enough money I can likely get away with murder. That's very convenient justice.
... just sayin.... all Elon wants is your money....
I'm not saying all that. He has taken too many personal losses to further science for that to be in play.
.... he has lost zero personally.... really
He has risked bankrupting himself on his own ideas with his own money when he couldn't find investors. That's cool.
... if that's what you want to believe .... have a nice day
for example, the current head of the executive branch doesn't seem to realize it.

Thank you 4 being sane and even handed and trying to make the administration better.
Hear, Hear! I'm an American but I've traveled enough to know this is true.
get your  facts right before you stand up for a system that's targeting people of certain ethnic backgrounds
how will it be on Mars?
I would also like to know this
WHAT ABOUT CANADA BRO?
we're already  its all good
"many" people sadly don't receive justice from the system.... we know it all to well. When it does it's job it's amazing.
the legal system does not serve the same justice for systematically oppressed and "minority" groups in America.
Really? Nowhere? Canada, Great Britain, New Zealand... all have exemplary and far less politicized courts.
@MiaFarrow unless of course you're a poor person of color - @13THFilm, @thenewjimcrow
besides a few European countries probably;)
True peace is not merely the absence of war it's the presence of justice

except for 17 other countries when it comes to criminal justice
Elon's empirically unimpressed.
@antonio @elonmusk
Elon, buddy. I come to your feed for Hyperloop and Tesla news, not for political lectures. Thanks.
luckily you don't get to pick what people post about. It's his personal twitter dick.
There's tons of countries where the cause of justice is better served. Just the war on drugs makes this comment asinine
https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2017/01/why-sweden-beats-most-other-countries-at-just-about-everything/?utm_content=buffer9f78c&utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook.com&utm_campaign=buffer … It's lovely here :)
Not necessarily a migrant thing, but an aging populace paired with more migrants requiring aid. Its happening here in the US too
We'll see, I don't have any sources refuting that but neither do you. Either way, least we won't have civil war in a year=)
Lets hope you were nice to your Finnish neighbors, haha
We're the best neighbours, just the best, tremendous neighbours
*Trump hand gestures intensify*
So happy you are jumping into politics. This should end well
.@elonmusk I'm not sure our legal system is what we ought to be proudest of in this country. But yeah it works pretty well. At least for now
@jdross no! USA has an astronomical incarceration rate. most convictions by plea bargain. huge racial disparity. civil forfeiture.
"nowhere is the cause of justice better served"

except every country in northern europe, plus some others.
Sorry @elonmusk, if this were true America would not have the highest incarceration rate in the world
Many in America don't realize how proud they should be of the legal system. Not perfect, but nowhere is the cause of justice better served.
.@elonmusk See this from @adamgopnik about problems with the ‘procedural’ nature of American justice: http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2012/01/30/the-caging-of-america …
POTUS is not above the law. If he makes an executive decision contrary to Constitution it is duty of Courts to strike it down.
thats right and just.
Check your white male privilege and then re-evaluate.
people in America should know that your an imagrant
I drove 34.000km from Netherlands to UAE, fully electric! I heard you will be here soon and hope to welcome you as passenger 1/2
ask black people about this, research sentencing disparity and report back. Justice is not served for us. Your view is myopic.
@Trydus so let's give ourselves a nice pat on the back and then continue to make it better..
There's a ton of garbage, for sure.  Lots of inefficiencies.  But compared to much of the world, it's not so bad.
and let's be honest, I don't REALLY know what I'm talking about  But there's always room for improvement
Reading the comments here...and unfortunately some people are too narrow-sighted to see how good they have it here. Sad.
really not true when you look at micro issues in smaller communities that are not equally represented. The examples are many.
the power of money apparently can turn heads and make change in both directions, hope you use yours for good.
@jim__tompkins Britian's is excellent.
Better than most, of course... I was just giving a big up for Elon, I know he needs it,  hehe 
a great man doing great things
One should be proud only of their own achievements. There's no such thing as pride when it comes to things that are handed to you.
you're frightening me....bad buddies,"bad" tweets...let the people alone  @elonmusk
Just made an honest remark...
IF you have $$$$$$$.
unless you are poor, then it's used to oppress you. Come on Elon... bubble boy.
hey elon stick to working on that electric spaceship or w/e pls
canada.
Trump needs to read the Constitution some day.
Aperture Science: We do what we must because we can.
As long as blacks are treated far worse than whites by your courts, "nowhere better" is not quite the truth.
that's because, as a group, they break the law more. You can blame the laws if you want but that's the truth.
If I were you, I'd check the statistics on that and look at percentages, not absolute numbers. :-)
Well said but why aren't you giving @realDonaldTrump an ultimatum for your participation in his admin. No discrimination or leave
....oooohhhhh...because that would make @potus really give in to him...Elon just wants your $$$$ fool
I fully agree that @elonmusk is doing this for money, my intent was to give the benefit of the doubt if he did care 4 America
So how long have you been a mere pretender to the thrown of knowledge?
e
Remember. I think it's been said he's manic depressive. Though that's not particularly relevant
@zeyadsalloum I strongly disagree. I think Germany’s legal system is a lot more fair, especially for regular consumers.
The US has the best legal system that money can buy.
have you considered how black and brown people have fared in the US justice system?
because, as a group, they break the laws more. There's room to complain about the laws but they're made elsewhere.
no they are convicted more not commit crime more
Do you have any evidence suggesting this? Statistically crime rates mimic income levels.
black teens and white teens do drugs at the same rate but black teens go to juvie more.
It's no longer acceptable to say only that our criminal justice system isn't perfect. We have a serious #MassIncarceration problem
@elonmusk
maybe the problems start at home... need to be parents to your kids first... teach right and wrong.. don't blame the courts
Watch "13th" on Netflix.
@Deplorabill1
feeding a troll alert 
I know.
That was the last tweet.
Hope the heater's working in that Siberian State trolling facility.
@xxjoefitzxx
欢迎来中国
I believe in you. Don't give up (I know you won't).
, I believe.
This "America is the best" rhetoric is ludicrous. Yes, better than a lot. But worse than most European countries in a lot of ways
New Zealand does it best I don't think we have had any bad servings of justice
Couldn't agree more. Just take a look at what happens now in Romania with #romanianprotests and you realize how lucky you are
you have the death penalty...
our justice is NOT well served when judges make up decisions based on personal views and not the rule of law.
Constitution for Mars?  It may be wise to draft one up in light of today's circumstances.
lol bruh I think the issues of bias within the system negate any positive feelings about this system. plz watch "13th" on Netflix!
that's too broad. Our legal system for helping poor plaintiffs who get hurt in car accidents is one of the worst, for example.
read Bryan Stevenson's Just Mercy and tell me if you still believe "nowhere is the cause of justice better served."
it would still be nice to have a batman to balance things out.
Divison of power, checks and balances, rule of law have one of their best implementations in the USA.
as a German having studied US (JD), I think the Roman system the Continent uses, is better - not so many different judge opinions
You're joking, right? Death penalty, rampant racial discrimination, inaccessible to the poor, .. The list goes in. Farcical.
more seriously, the US is heading into similar territory to what South Africa has experienced during the Zuma years.
one word: Finland
Germany is laughing right now.
US justice don't looks really fair to me. Looks like "money law".
we are counting on it
Except for virtually every other developed democracy. But other than those guys, totally.
"nowhere is the cause of justice better served" about that... I have to respectfully disagree
Totalitarian governments don't recognize the law unfortunately. @elonmusk
Это правда. Законы, которые Путин расскажут Трампа передать будут большие законы, самые лучшие законы!
Yes and the legal system standing up to Trump is just what we need more of right now.
petulant child
http://trumptalkstoilet.com 
jags fan, makes shitty microbrew that no one drinks, hates trump. Someone loves losing..

hm, doesn't the US have a culture of everyone suing everybody, much more so than in Europe?
and then taking bad settlements (plea bargains for criminal cases) for fear of going to trial?
The vast majority of black and brown and poor people in our for-profit prisons never had a trial.
Great "system."
@radexp @elonmusk
agreed but alwys reform-uniform sentencing, drug use mental health, noprivateprisons, cities tickets as rev, increase pub def pay.
a maj issue is people make enough to not be eligible for pub def, but nt enf to aff cnsl.  As u say, nt perf at all, but fair.
did you watch @13THFilm? US makes up 5% of the world's population, yet locks up 25% of the world's prisoners. 40% are black men.
Hope that make me you feel better about legitimising Trump, boet.
Eh, nowhere? #Norway #Sweden #Denmark #Finland #Island 
is where..
Many do.&U don't realize~All the judicial branch can do is save our republic- It CAN'T SAVE Ur REPUTATION if U associate w/TRUMP
Hello Elon, I am a comp. sci graduate stud. at Kutztown Univ. and love Tesla I applied for an intern & would love an opportunity
When an appointed judge interprets the law, he/she is dong their job, not making law. POTUS lack smarts to make such assertions.
love, what you do.
Except denmark, island, sweden, finland, germany, france, norway ...
It is pity that both @TeslaMotors and @SpaceX are not on the amicus brief filled in WA and supported by 100 companies
spoken from your point of privilege.
my first tweet ever here man. A subject worth talking about. I agree with you but more needs to be done to balance the systom.
nor do they realize how essential a functioning justice system is to a functioning economy.
unless you have an activist judge!
maybe in a few states. Definitely NOT North Dakota where a prayer walk is 'inciting a riot".
AGREED Elon!! http://SendThanks.com  by Avery Paul
https://appsto.re/us/HDxU6.i 
spoken like a guy with an unlimited budget for a legal team
Have you seen Making a Murderer?
you were quoted in a story by @mashable
Sorry Elon, I think Switzerland has the best system in the world with its direct democracy.
i would argue Norway serves justice better, but thats my opinion. Actually, several European countries serves justice better.
@9A_ZKA thank you for sharing your words...more people in the world should feel love and gratitude for everything they have 
American justice is in beta.
it *is* that's why people are fighting to *keep* it that way.
Many in America don't realize how good they have it here, so they elected a disruptor to ruin it all.
Only if it's for a short ride around Burj Khalifa I would be a very happy person! 2/2
@Jason like Trump. Who you genuflect to for $.
is that true? Are no European judicial systems better than ours for example. I'm sure a very difficult thing to quantity. 1/2
@davidjparnell ...can you make a car that will 'shrink' when only tight parking spaces are available? 
I have gr8 admiration 4 u but being an advisor 2 Trump is like saying "no really, hitler is totally gonna listen 2 me! I got this!
@C9Jack you better be fucking joking, the US legal system is a huge part of what makes it a third world country
Nice to hear a voice of international awareness and perspective during this period of fashionable outrage.
I've spent years of my life in the Middle East. What we have is sacred and flawed. Can you make solar roadways an issue?
As a privileged, wealthy white male, you might be a little out-of-touch with this nations justice system Elon. That's naitivity.
Nonsense. Lots of European countries have better legal systems.
thanks for trying to be a voice of reason. I support you.
I don't know, Texas might be better. #owncountry
elon you're supporting trump gov't
UNTIL YOU CAN MAKE SUCH A STATEMENT  DEFINING JUSTICE AND INJUSTICE, WHICH U CANNOT DO WITH PRECISION, SEEK KNOWLEDGE BEFORE SPEAK
For Fucks Sake ....go tell that to the millions behind bars for victim-less 'crimes'
#AmericanExceptionalismIsaMentalDisorder
That's true I would like to think that most of Europe has a better justice system because there are more sensible people in it
thank you for generating healthy conversation. These tweets are a needed bright spot for civil discourse.
BTW, that's a nice domain that needs more AI-research in order to tame it's complexities and increase fairness. The legal system.
on drugs today? LSD should only be microdosed.
Proud and so grateful!! This is an amazing country. As are many other countries!! <3
In what ways is the US legal system significantly better than the average European country's -- say Germany's?
yes power is divided among 3 branches of government preventing positive feedback of authoritarian overreach by one
"Nowhere" is a bit strong, and also dependent on which state.
Can we get him @POTUS to focus on something we all agree on like term limits for congress and simplification of tax code.
the constitution is a well constructed document. Couldn't foresee what it couldn't foresee though i.e. New weapons
Yes, it's working so far.  As Zepher Teachout said, it shouldn't take guts for Republicans to stand up to Trump, just patriotism.
many "experts" on legal system here with 0 expertise demonstrated.The structure of US law is perfect. Implementation always tough
"Many on Earth don't don't realize how proud they should be of the internal combustion engine, Not perfect but... etc"
you are right. I have lived in Thailand, Mexico, Kenya etc. Judging by the responses you are being pulled into the rabbit hole.
the legal system is being challenged like never before by Trump. Testing whether founders built enough safeguards into democracy!
our legal system is garbage. Sorry Elon. I dunno what you're on about right now. Try living without any money again.
How can we be proud when our POTUS disrespects a judge and a branch of govt that protects people?
Where business is less intense, the law looks as if its sole purpose is to enable the powerful to dominate those who are less so.
this system is easy to navigate if you have. Don't have that? You're boned.  Sorry man.
also,  Elon, respect, but if you haven't had to deal with the dregs of our legal system, I disagree
Obviously, the majority of the citizenry do not understand what law is for.
They should be proud, yes. That it isn't better anywhere else though ... nah.
not perfect... I am ok on this point... I guess you could fight to progress on this point...
That’s such an elitist perspective, you should live in other people’s shoes some time
Hello there @elonmusk now that you'r in the B.A Board of the new @POTUS, will you introduce to him the #CarbonTax.
On behalf of Western Europe, I feel like that's not true...
Checks and balances are my favorite part -- somebody explain this to DJT
Falcons or Patriots? 
Hope you said this to Trump last week.
can't agree more, having seen the judicial system in the largest democracy and few other
Elon, no. Racism & corruption is institutionalize and justice doesn't prevail. Remember most incarcerations than any other country
agree and other checks and balances. Have stood test of 250 years and many waves of fear mongering to reduce those controls.
You have been deeply miseducated if you think that way. They system "protect and serves" business not people.
Right now is when we should be most proud because it is working!
white boy

are you drunk Elon?
UK?
shame you guys still have the death penalty and use your prisoners as cheap labour. But it's not the worst system
what's wrong with the death penalty? The punishment meets the crime...
it's been ineffective for one, also too expensive and has been wrong a few times.
Much less expensive than keeping them in jail their whole lives.
until you kill the wrong person. State sponsored murder is wrong. But if you're fine with it then good for you.
It's important punishments exist to meet the heinous crimes. No system is perfect, but killing a killer is just.
