Asked to explain unfounded claim that attacks are going unreported, Pres. Trump criticizes press and complains about coverage he receives.
White House says some attacks “do not receive spectacular attention they deserve;" adds that "Earth is a very dangerous place these days."
White House: Pres. Trump expected to travel to his Florida estate again this weekend, with Japanese PM Abe as his guest.
"No question that the president respects the judicial branch," White House asserts after Pres. Trump's "so-called judge" tweet.
CNN responds to White House's assertion that CNN retracted, walked back or denied comments about Kellyanne Conway.
He doesn't have any evidence. He just has to throw enough shit at the wall often enough, hoping some will stick.
His base will now begin to repeat this lie too.
Let them. Eventually, the truth will out.
Not ever with them. They have been gaslighted, brainwashed and are delusional.
A lot of desperate people struggling for work and money voted him in - hoping he will do something.
he will, stand by and watch exactly what you don't want to happen.
He'll do something for himself and the wealthy, that's about it.
still more than the DMS dud
he is trying really really hard to discredit the media.
yes so him and his Reich can go undetected! Do what they want and answer to no one!!!
it is sad and so many people believe him blindly.
it's worse than sad it's mind blowing! It is truly disheartening.
I agree I hoped more people would see how absolutely absurd he is by now.
they haven't figured out how to do it, frame a Muslim, and not get caught. The same old Dick Cheney fear tactic!
@MMcFaddenWNDU @NBCNews  what is the job of the media
To report facts rather than alternative facts.
if there is only one set of facts why are there so many different news outlets?
are these diversion smoke screens they are creating...what's going on behind closed doors that could be scarier?
dem/libtards are holding hands w/the enemy vowed2destory.Christians&America thru muslim homicidal politcal system relg.
when will this end  enough already we want our country back this is SO embarrassing
They are trying to make up some examples #fakenews
Trump just says things with no actual facts or info to back anything up. 
When asked to present facts he has none=defensive.
deflect,  deflect, deflect!!! >his fave thing to do!!
You are so right!
He is very good at it. Just don't understand why his followers don't see who he really is.
Well if they follow him they have to at least be similar in thought. They will NEVER admit they made mistake .
Maybe is because he has none
How did we all miss the violent incursion from Nordstroms on Ivanka's bank account???
Trump acts more like an elderly out of touch gent every day.  Inform the WH that in America we DO have the Internet.
Would you say your coverage of the rape crisis and increase in violent crime in Europe has been reported fairly?
How nuts is this guy??
@WhiteHouse @PressSec @POTUS because there aren't any
The Emperors new clothes. Suspension of disbelief belonged to artists trying to enlighten and enhance not betray.
He should list the Bowling Green Massacre.
can all press just stop covering this idiocy & take the power away from him? You're only perpetuating his myths.
because his news is FAKE.
wait you are quoting him now
they are liars and idiots! This Country is turning into a Global joke.
NOW, GET OUT THE LIST OF WHITE MASSACRES IN OUR COUNTRY--NOW DO IT-
NOBODY IS LISTEN TO YOU PPL, don't you get it ???
if you make a claim against something back it up.
@dgarrick5534 liar
why don't you find some real news to report instead of nagging our President
More lies. We are doomed.
our so called potus is wandering the halls of WH thinking of so called things to do.to hamper our libertys more & more think
Fake news indeed
because it is not true!!
Once again, another claim he makes but won't back up with details....
Trumps entire Presidency will be based on alternative facts!  History will remember him as our Alt-President!
Look back over any of your reports.  You never used the words Islamic Terrorists #CorruptMedia #Fakenews
.@NBCNightlyNews Is that important?
How can he give an Example when they aren't T reporting them?

If we report them then they will no longer be unreported and the FAKE NEWS media will criticize us by saying it's reported!
Enjoy ur wkend @POTUS .@ least ur working when ur there & not spending millions on vcts.#FUCKULIBTARDSHESURPRESTOO
#alternativefacts
We need more reports of three white guys shooting and planting bombs at a charity Christmas party in san Bernardino?
Straight from the OBomber Whitehouse, constantly redacting "Islamic" from attacks, to prevent negative public reaction.
The crowd beat the religious scholar to death because she was accused of burning a copy of the Koran, who has gone to jail?.
The crowd beat the religious scholar to death because she was accused of burning a copy of the Koran, who has gone to jail?
Who gives a shit? There were A LOT of things Obama and Democraps refused to answer and there was never a news story on it.
The scary thing about all what we are not hearing what really going on in the WH behind closed doors.
@nytimes He may be ref to the German raid this week that arrested 19 terror susp and EU ongoing issues...
just more smoke he keeps blowing up our asses. #GaslightingAmerica

BRITAIN & EUROPE HAVE DESTROYED THEIR COUNTRIES NOW THEY WANT TO DESTROY AMERICA NO PROTEST FOR TERRORIST ATTACKS OR RAPES
that's a lie  ! Call him out on it !
Because  it's  FAKE NEWS 
nobody in the history of the world has found a way to prove a lie.
how about last week in Denver and Pasadena, any of you reporting on those?
.b/c there is no evidence for his lies! he;s a liar & just can't stop. he prefers to throw tantrums to try to get his way!
he's a nut job so insecure
Of course they don't want to give examples, there's not
Funny, that.
Obviously taking attention away from some other issue by making ridiculous statement. Ya gotta know that by now!
I don't think he is trying to lie but rather give an opinion that he can't really substantiate.
well at least we don't have to read more lies.. progression?
WH has no idea who or what are Terrorist..  so how will they have that ?
TRUMP NEVER GAVE READL FACTS OR INFORMATION DURING CAMPAIGN WHY SHOUD HE START NOW
but you know what does go underreported - gun shootings. happen everyday, become commonplace and get little coverage
While America is in mutiny our enemies are sharpening their swords & praising the protesters
He can't give examples when there aren't any examples to give. If you ask @seanspicer, he'll tell the truth...NOT
Donald Trump #1
#AlternativeFacts. You Cowardly Lying, Draft-Dodging Privileged Peckerwood. 
Lies doesn't need any facts !  Propaganda and chaos is the way he preached to his voters. A classic - Hilter way
he has no examples. He's waiting on KellyAnne to make up one
Come up with you own list of your reports of #terror attacks. Let's see how you reported them. #MAGA
info from lots of people, who? really smart people, who? really really smart people OK now I believe 
@ShawnLeenerts @NBCNews It's Bannon. Trump is a fuck-up in his own right, but, this ridiculous shit right now is Bannon.
Remember, SCP Trump saw thousands of Muslims cheering as the towers came down on 9/11
@SenatorLeahy @NBCNews fake news
@grumpyoldman418 @NBCNews Another Trump lie!!!!
They don,t have any, just another lie
Well, there's a surprise...his many times does he have to do this before people stop listening?
you are crying fire in a theater as in a crowded liberal assembly you cry free brains.
our tv stations used to have to prove they provided a public service. Does promoting anarchy qualify as service.
Because it's "alternative facts."
I'll give you several:   Britain; Turkey; Hungry; etc .... we need extreme vetting these countries have terrorists
there are no examples in the alternative fact world
"alternative facts"
@realDonaldTrump hard to give examples of outright fiction.
@CIA's Mike Scheuer on #terrorism motivation ignored by US #media to include @NBCNews:
Cravenly, there's no way the 24-hour cable news networks would let any terror attack go unreported.
Did u report the RTD cop shot in head point blank by a Muslim in Denver last week?  HELL NO.
Not all crime committed by muslims is terrorism! @NBCNightlyNews @wbir
unprovoked cold blood  Muslim killing transit officer deserved nat'l attention. Audience can decide.
No it's not for the audience to decide m, it's not a game show, it's for the Law Courts to decide! @NBCNightlyNews @wbir
Try life in a Sharia country.  Story should have aired national.
Another distraction #BannonDistractionoftheDay How far will they go to keep Russian collusion out of news?
There is something mentally wrong with this so-called president.
are these 'attacks' like the 'Bowling Green Massacre?'
It takes a while to get all the (alternative) facts together........
Imagine that. ..sad.
Believe he was referring to illegal immigrants lawlessness not being reported by the sorry ass liberal media
No he was not! He was talking about terrorism. Stop the alternative facts pls! @NBCNightlyNews @NBCNews
unfollow #fakenews
The continued fear-mongering by Pres. Bannon to his base.  CALL HIM OUT ON THE LIES.
@GOP POTUS is very confused. possible onset of dementia? Investigation needed. GOP, control your @POTUS 
Lies, lies, lies, always lies - or alternative facts as they call them. Evil is evil. Period!
Can you say"BILLIONAIRE"
that's because @realDonaldTrump is a rambling dope! He just loves to hear himself talk. #notmypresident #conjob
- Terrorist threats are a dime a dozen used by DA's all the time for plea bargaining. How many rapes go unreported?
Why won't Drumpf ever say "White Christian Terrorist" like Roof, McVey -- the attack on the Toronto Mosque?
If they aren't real they are hard to produce.Would trump supporters accept this from anyone else?I think not
Hm...I wonder why. Sadly, he's just planting seeds of doubt for an attack
@SenatorLeahy @NBCNews I am so sick of listening to the WH making claims with no facts.
the paranoia and pathological lying is honestly beyond concerning.
They said it so it makes
it true. Classic propaganda tactic.
keep up the good work. #tough questions
I honestly believe there is a clinical issue that is plaguing our president
Trump is FAKE. Trump is a PHONY. Trump is a FRAUD. Trump is a delusional narcissists who MAKES UP THE NEWS, then DENIES IT.
If there was a real massacre the #Republican body has a way of shutting that whole thing down. #BowlingGreen
@damonbethea1 @NBCNews Because @realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls @seanspicer are liars and fear mongers
Demand he answers 4 his bullshit, he should be held accountable for lies to the people he represents. #ResistTrump
@SenatorLeahy @NBCNews Why is this buffoon still in office?
@SenatorLeahy @NBCNews of course. Same as all his other conspiracy theories- no evidence
why doesn't the media just call him out on all the bullshit he spews
Just tapping my toes, waiting for the words, "IMPEACHED" @POTUS
of course he can't, not surprised at all
Because there aren't any!
didn't refuse fake news
once again the administration incites fear with no factual information ... this has to stop !
cause it's FAKE NEWS!
there r no examples - he makes stuff up as he goes along just for shock value
Can't he just stick to the auto-cue? Why don't his advisers reign him in or is this strategised? @NBCNightlyNews @NBCNews
they just throw stuff out and let it hang for awhile until the next headline #dog and pony show
because they do not exist. Less than 30 days in office and this administration  has zero credibility.
The White House is no longer a credible entity thanks to Trump!
Maybe you'll find those examples with all the fraudulent voters?
It's just another bogus claim by Pussygrabber to invent phony stories for his Nazi whore kellyanne to propaganda on Fox
that's because @realDonaldTrump is on #meth and it only happens in his head.
#alternativeAttacks 
@MSNBC Stay on this. Every briefing ask @PressSec for the list. Do not let this slide.
he really needs a psych eval pronto
that's because there weren't any.
He lies. Who isn't embarrassed having him as the US President?
trump mouth is dangerous ,that how you know he does't work or listen to anyone.
bc they have none
shocker more Alternative facts from a dictator
Age of Lies.
When your organization brings a story that unsubstantiated,  we as a nation should require your company to give examples...
Classified you won't NBC Fake News
What? Why would a terrorist attack be classified? Victims families sworn to secrecy? I don't follow.
Exactly
Is this what must be true for Trump to not be lying? Why would he slam media for not reporting classified info?
The simpler answer is he's manipulating you by lying to your face and hoping you blindly trust him.
Can you call his BS when it happens BS? Is that too much to ask?
he thinks bowling green is an alley
Deplorable
can we do a redo
Why not? You guys have to try harder this "BS" can not go on!
Does he know Bowling Green is in the US? Does he know the Bowling Green Massacre was a lie by KellyAnne?
everyone knows that, sweetie.
because there aren't any
of course they do..it is all a lie
