Don't feel sorry for her at all.
You should feel sorry for her kids. No matter what you think of her.
you're right, looks kind of mean-spirited.
He mussa be bad
Too late, elections have consequences. Should have done homework before voting for flimflam man.
CAUTIONARY TALE!!!!
Old story. Guthrie told it in 48
Beristain won't have a name when he rides the big airplane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9mbn3o1LZ0 …
that's really sad.  Not the sad 45 tweets about
they will all finally get that he was and is a liar. There are real consequences for buying bs!
Sucks to be her. "I love the uneducated".
There are a lot of stupid people in this country that voted for him.
this also happened during the Obama admin, genius. It just wasn't as fashionable to report on individual deportations
already knew that, sarcastic ......
Diff is Obama deported felons not moms and dads with no records.
sence of urgency lees ik, soms dien je daarom hard te zijn, anders loopt half midden- en noord America naar de VS
Doh!
Hey trump supporter#RobertoBeristain
They should have paid better attention speeches. They voted for him & have to deal with fall out of their vote
and that is how stupid taste
Sad and unnecessary
Ho .... Ho...... HHHo!
just glad she may actually be able to recognize Trump as the pos he is, maybe even help others remove blinders
Roberto Beristain won't have a name when he rides the big airplane.
Feel sorry for her but she should have listened. Now u have to live with your ignorant choice.
Nice Katy.  Can you show me an example of when you dug up a story like this on Obama?  Obama deported thousands.  1 example?
Msnbc and the rest of news media did not report on the ramifications of Trump's anti immigrant policies during the campaign season. Shame.
Not like they weren't warned a few hundred times by those not supporting Trump. Supporters simply ignored it all. All.
because the rest of us were called delusional paranoid hysterical elitist libtards, remember? Why listen 2 us? 
Bank robber robs a bank, it's a crime. No one feels sorry if he is taken from his family. This is also a crime.
the article said that he has lived in the US for almost 20 years and still isn't legalized! Deport
I genuinely feel badly for the family. Should've been handled differently. That said,......#schadenfreude #karma
How childish and naïve. I'm sorry for her guilt but really, how does somebody decide who's bad or not? That's prejudice.
Surprise?
Trump supporters voted for the devil, and they're surprised that he's doing evil things?
So sad. We want to be angry with Trump supporters. We want to blame Trump supporters. But they're victims too. 
not sure if I should laugh or cry.
this is y knowledge is power..reaearch is free...
I do feel sorry for her children. They have an idiot for a mother. Twice over. Votes for Trump and then tells the world. SAD!
@GovHowardDean Trampe supports have to learn the hard way it's hard to realize u been taken by a con man
I'm sorry, I have a hard time feeling sorry for these people. We in NYC tried to tell them and they didn't listen.
that's going around, it's a story. Cover it
What it looks like when your racism hurts your family.
Bitterness isn't going to help his situation. If we are against  non-sensical deportation then we need to help this family.
oops!
she did it for the economy. She was concerned about low unemployment and sustained GDP growth.
she didn't understand that they were all bad hombre
did she pay attention to who he surrounded himself with & i hope she's not waiting for "repeal & replace"
I am so tired of having to feel sorry for stupid people. They won. They are getting what they voted for.
key word illegally
Republicans only have empathy for people within arm's reach. Everyone else is scary "other" who needs to be destroyed. Pathetic
dont break the law and you won't get deported.. any tweets when BO supporters lost their coverage due 2 Bocare.
zero sympathy for someone who had no problem w/ other families being torn apart as long as they're not affected themselves
The writing was on the wall. Buyers remorse very expensive for the country.
idiots get what they vote for...
Sucks to be her
How do you BOTH restrict Immigration and create jobs when unemployment is under 5%
@SenatorLeahy fuck her.  They were warned
everybody makes mistakes we need her support and everyone else who voted de tee or third party
Wake up and smell the coffees.
@titodinzey I don't feel sorry for this stupid woman. I feel bad for her husband for marrying an idiot.
Well, Helen, we ALL are stuck with who YOU voted for, you fool. Learned your lesson now?
And when US businesses start losing tourist money maybe they'll realize anti-immigration makes no biz sense.
surprise surprise
Love it! She thought they were "the right people." Trump got 30% Latino vote, which included non-Mexicans who wanted Ms deported
Well, fuck her.
How's that for a slap?
they are all bad hombres to 45.
No sympathy here. She was more than happy to break up other families.
collateral consequences of uninformed, shortsighted, ignorant decision making.
In my country we have a name for people like her, "pendeja".
trumpian definition of 'bad hombre'=person of color.
karma
I feel sorry for her kids. But she was duped.
Make sure you pick out all the bad stories about Trump. Have you written about the illegals who raped that girl recently??
Every promise he made was a lie. He's been a path liar for 30 years but the media hesitated to admit it. The word 'lie' avoided
idiots.
@peterjholley A leopard ate MY face off, sobs woman who voted for the Leopards Eat Off Faces Party.
For her to support Trump's policies including deportation all while believing her family would be spared makes this deserved.
@peterjholley can't feel pity for her
I'd be happy to keep the undocumented immigrants & deport the hate-filled Deplorables.
I wonder Katy u biased fool if u researched and interviewed all the hombres King Obama had deported. @LukeRussert likes u though
fool me once shame on me fool me...ya can't get fooled again.
Trump's election is going to be the greatest 'Trojan Horse' in Political history! Only the beginning.
new immigration enforcement is about the changing demographic, not about deporting criminals.
That's what he said he would do. Just the bad hombres
Tough luck to her. I don't feel sorry for her. Her ignorance helped bring this nation down.
Truth from DJT? Where y'all been lady?
my question to her: Did you like the idea of the Muslim ban? I am betting yes. Just not her good Mexican husband. Got it
Huh.If only SOMEONE had tried to warn her that Trump was always a lying failure, relying on bullying & his dad's money.Oh wait.
rick Perry will just say:OOPS! I can't. Sorry.  Donald already postulated that ALL MEXICANS  were rapists
Well, that's her problem, she didn't take him literally OR seriously! I feel for her children.
@GlennKesslerWP no sympathy you got duped and couldn't see a conman for what he is
@lovealaska1105 while I feel awful for the family, maybe they'll now see why the majority of US doesn't trust @realDonaldTrump
yes b/c when he referred to all Mexicans as rapist, I can clearly see how you would think that wasn't you.
Elections have consequences.  You get exactly what you wanted, now you have to live with it.  Shameful.
really????
you're in the country illegally there are consequences for that. Why should I feel bad?
What was it about Trump's rhetoric that attracted this woman to him?The red flags weren't there all along?He showed who he was!
Duh
oh reallllly? Smh
I'm glad this happened... just to show your votes matter. And candidates words matter.
Her hubby must have been a bad hombre. 
oh well!!
Low information voter's
@GovHowardDean She didn't just do that to her own family, she did it to others' families with her vote, too. Poor kids & husband
I think there are many Amers like her who give max benefit of the doubt to ppl whose racist intent is glaringly obv to most POC.
GET OVER IT! If he's clean, fine, upstanding, he'll be priority to return. If it's name problem, get Atty to help.
duh on her part
HIS SUPPORTERS THOUGHT A LOT OF THINGS THAT ARE NOT COMING TRUE.. PROFESSIONAL CON PERSON...
@CherylHeuton "whatever he says he's right" this woman says about trump while father of her kids sits in jail. Wth
...no comment.
@TheBaxterBean well I'd like to say I'm sympathetic. But no. Trumps character is very clear if you take the time to research it
Smh what else is new?  Until it happens to each one of those 62 million voters they will keep their heads in the sand & listen to the idiot
That's the result when you get someone who has no empathy as president. Sad. Very sad.
Disgusting
so incredibly sad
More proof Trump voters were uneducated imbeciles.
@GovHowardDean People like her are the reason the rest of us are stuck with his lying a$$.
duh he is there illegally.  End of discussion. Stupid woman he married 
This is what I don't get. Why would you trust someone who has no morals (cheated on wives/divorced) or ethics (not paying bills)
Why didn't they go through Legal channels to get in like others?  No pity here.  Don't break the law!
How sad and weird.
@seaningle @washingtonpost lol. "but I never expected a leopard to bite MY face after voting for the leopard eating face party"
Is it wrong to not feel bad for this person? Because to be honest, I don't. She's directly responsible for her situation.
Like many, she didn't really think this through. Many bought into popular rhetoric.
"I'm ok with Trump breaking up other families, just not mine..." No sympathy

Hey is anyone surprised? Just awful!
@GovHowardDean Not sorry for her. She wouldn't give a shit if it had happened to someone else.
In @realDonaldTrump's world all Hispanics are 'bad hombres."
Face it, Trump and his billionaire cronies are trying to make America white again, pollute earth with CO2 & rid us of the poor.
@GovHowardDean Sorry, not sorry.
which is sad, but using it to disparage a program to deport criminals who have killed innocents is dishonest and stupid
maybe he fits @realDonaldTrump definition of "bad hombres"
Is it legal to be an illegal?
@GovHowardDean every choice has consequences. She probably  should have looked more closely at the clown in office
Shocked that Trump lied! He is the greatest con man ever!
@GlennKesslerWP as he has said "I loved the uneducated" @realDonaldTrump SUCKERS
We on the left, must be better people. I feel sorry for her loss.
Trump supporters were and are stupid for believing anything that Trump said. He is a liar and a con man
Shameful what ICE has been instructed to do. We have lots of "bad hombres" that need to be taken care of. Family men not them.
You mean the poor woman didn't realize Trump was the 'bad hombre'
Votes have consequences. She chose 2 ignore TRUTH. Bc of blindness America is losing, her kids are losing Dad.
@GovHowardDean @washingtonpost I don't feel sorry for this woman or her family. She was OK with Trump slandering Mexicans tho
Bet you lots of people wish they hadn't voted a certain way. I wish more than 48% of eligible Americans had voted
53% white women voted trump, higher than Romney, Obama, Clinton
wishes she never voted?no sympathy, this is what trump promised, ordered to self deport, did not=bad hombre under trump
stupidity as defined by the dictionary
Oh so deportation is good when it doesn't effect you...shit just got real
Tell me about it. Where was her empathy when she cast her vote. I guess these blind republicans need liberal help.
good lord
You lie down with dogs...
@GovHowardDean bye felicia
Sorry but there are consequences for being naive and voting for a buffoon.
No sympathy.  Take the family and move to Mexico.
fake news
It's the sad reality that elections have consequences.  He only cares about himself; was evident during his campaign.
i feel like this is on her, really...
"how does she explain it to her children?" Simple, she tells them I VOTED FOR THE WRONG CANDIDATE!!!
Sadly this has become the norm
A lot of Trump supporters wished they had never voted for him. They admit they were conned.
I'm an immigrant.I have no sympathy for her.If he shared her views, he got what he deserved. A sad, hard lesson 4 the kids. Empathy 4 them.
yeah as long as it wasn't her family she was ok with it...KARMA
So she supported Trump to get rid of her husband?  Didn't think it thru? And how many million more non thinkers are out there?
62 million
So she has voter remorse?  They all should. They helped elect a crazed con man who could kill us all w one crazy decision
this bs that we shld "feel bad" for X Trump voter who "didn't realize..." is exactly why we lose. Go read Fox News replies.
Any sympathy?
No. Empathy.
Life is hard when you only think of yourself.
Three words for #donniedisaster:  Lazy, capricious, ignorant. Other that these, he's awesome.
@TheBaxterBean @washingtonpost   If the shoe fit, I guess.  You voted for the wrong guy and get what you got!
welp
Thank you Katy Turd.  Glad to know that illegals are being deported.  Keep sharing the great news.
To Trump, "Bad hombres" = Mexicans.
I feel sorry for her and her husband but seriously?  Did she pay any attention at all to what Trump is and was saying?
#DeportBadHombres.Unfortunately,ignorant people,aka,NeoCons,who bought into Trumpster's BS.
.@KatyTurNBC *facepalm* Stupidity is how stupidity does. This STUPID woman is why America can't have nice things.
do some soul searching & figure out why u were conned & never let it happen again - advice? go by a person's record - not lies
Jimbo
