This is the nonsense the media deal with every day. Quarterly GDP hit 3% EIGHT TIMES under @BarackObama https://twitter.com/Mackyellis/status/904339357544448000 …
What part of it is dishonest, specifically?
Please cite specifics. @realDonaldTrump talks of stock market, job creation & GDP growth. What am I missing? Try really hard to be specific
Onama had 8 years, and Trump has had less than a year. Im an Independent, and even I can see through this bias
Obama inherited a massive recession; trump got a strong economy
Still less than a year into O's administration it was unfair to judge him either way. This is why people slam CNN -- the shameful bias
The point is he has bragged since his first week about how great his economy is going.
The point comes across as hyper-critical and it's why you have lost so many viewers
I don’t believe I’ve lost any viewers. I have gained viewers, though, if that’s what you meant
Unjust weights and measures = CNN
Wow what a lie! I can't believe you would tell such a blatant lie when Trump has created millions of new jobs stock market is doing awesome
Why don’t you read the article first, THEN respond
Very stupid article as Obama's economy was doing worse than bush's after 7 months!
Obama’s economy was dramatically improved after 7 months. Trump’s is worsened. How is it a stupid article?
Why you saying "Trumps Economy". Even dimwits know its not Trumps till Oct.1. Jesus Christ this is simple folks.
Trump doesn’t - he endlessly tweets & talks about jobs, GDP, etc
Like the economy that Barak inherited from The Repugs?
Testify brother
Ali:can u fact check how much tourism is down in US since Trump came in? Someone quoted 7 billion less in 7 months? Is that a joke?Thanks!
Thanks 4 bringing that up! due to the fact the World thinks we are a joke! how much $$ n jobs lost from tourism downturn
We are in The middle of a disaster known as Trump w no end in sight. Can't keep track of his abuses or their effects anymore. Exhausting
Have you seen all the cell tower bombs going up across Pakistan and USA. Wonder who had a hand in that? Soros, Obama???? Who???
And remember what Obama walked into with the whole meltdown.  #2009
I remember the 20 trillion in debt he left also  he unleashed Isis ! In November America dialed 911 thank you President Trump for answering
You better go back and read a little history.
What history book did you write that I should read
Excellent
LOL What a bunch of crap. And you know the economy is going to plunge like your buddies have planned. so stop the crap.
Perspective! Such real numbers. That's how HRC won too. Right?  Oh wait she lost! Bahahaha
Ali is intelligent, well spoken, and respected because he has actually EARNED respect!
well well  well...what do he has to say  bout dat 

So is his wife. #freemelania
Obamas last 7 mos. was spent trying to saddle Trump w/huge debt. $108billion to Iran to be exact last stab in the back to USA.
The drop is about to come.
I'm guessing around February 2019.
Depends on when and who he starts a trade war with. He should shut up. Stay out of the way #MassivelyIneffective
Massively Ineffective? 
You think?
#ThisTinManNeedsToStepDown
#DontGiveHimHisOilCanWhenHeRealizesHesNOTWanted
Trumps plan is to cripple USA. He is paying off putin.Proof shows trump did not win&election was hacked by Russians #RemoveTrump #GodSaveUSA
#GodHelpUsPlease
Much more infonto come
@AliVelshi since this doesn't flatter our emperor it must be fake news.
That's not fair. Trump inherited a far better economic situation than his predecessor. Trump has nowhere to go but down!
And believe me, he's trying to make his mark on the market.
When did Obama's economy hit 3% gdp? Refresh my memory.
Thank you for your scientific data.
FYI if yo haven’t already read The False Promises in President Trump’s Tax Plan
Anything he says or does is false
#DonnieDoesntHaveAHeartLookHowHeDidPuertoRico
Don't forget BILLIONS in lost tourism dollars.
U.S. hiring was strong in July, with 209,000 jobs created, while unemployment edged down to 4.3%, tying a 16-year low.   WSJ
Economists React to the July Employment Report: ‘A Banner Jobs Report’
B.S.
Funny Obama HD the deep state all of the house and Senate memorized into giving hi. All he wanted.  All they do is fight Trump..
Give my 5 seconds, I'll make up some bullshit as well.
#funwithnumbers #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Why don't you advise the President on how to handle the economy?
Guess @washingtonpost is calling the Bureau of Labor & Statistics liars? Guess the data-gathering is distracting from their legitimate news.
Strange thing...............................There are more than 4.2M Job listings RIGHT NOW
Try to explain this to the white supremacist that voted him in, these facts will only anger trump and push him to destroy more Obama legacy
Once again you prove that Majoring in "Religion" is worthless. Worse or better its only been 9 months and no tax cuts yet.
Duhhh, Republicans have never kept a good economy going after they',ve taken over Ali! Not news! Nixon inflation Reagan Recession, Bush Same
I swear
These people
Believe
The CRAP 
They 
Draw pictures of
Seasonality silly
A solid A average vs. a solid B average.  You're keeping pace, but you're not catching up.
Remember, that was Obama's LAST 7mo., MUCH different that the 1st 7Mo. of new presidency. Obama had 8yrs 2 do Right by Americans, he blew it
While I appreciate/recognize the truth in the graph - as long as the economy is going up...that's a good thing by me.
There you go ! Another Trump Taj Mahal ! who knew being prez was so diffcult.
Washington Post is crap
More Trump pathological LIES. This factual info showing Pres Obama's better  economy drives @POTUS crazy.
Now will start on Obama & oh no 1 knows what a mess he was left. What we do know Obama left Trump in enviable position.Trump has made MESS
That last line should have been: making America great again means simply slapping his name on it"
Thank you AliVelshi & from what I and my neighbors are experiencing the economy is only gifting the rich med food housing up jobs down
We are feeling the after effect of Obama's presidency. Once Trump's policies take hold we are in for a shit storm.
As usual, he takes credit 4 someone else's work. Yet racist America insists following this Wizard of Oz on a yellow brick road to hell
@POTUS does not understand real economics only his own reality world!
I would not buy a Apple from Trump & not a phone reference,
If I turn around EVERYTHING Trump says,
I can see some TRUTH
Takes credit as his own for Obama's successes & tears down Obama's good works. That's our current liar liar President Pants On Fire!
Always remember that Ali Velshi is a Canadian. We all know what a shining star to the world that Canada is. Write your own articles.
You can't compare the two because obama had December and trump didn't. Christmas time creates jobs!
Ali...why R U trying2 mislead Americans? If u r credible, Compare 1st six months! U r over rated & paid so-called currupted journalist.SHAME
But her emails
I don't.   But thank you.  Ali , been watching u on TV for decades !! UR awesome , btw.
Good article. More of these are needed to dispel the many lies he tells.
@TJMShow @MMFlint @MorningJoe @GMA @JoyAnnReid @SybilWilkes @ShaunKing @GeorgeWill @WhoopiGoldberg @DanRather @ananavarro @TheRevAl @AP @ava
Make up your mind. There hasn't been time yet for Trump's policies to take credit or blame over the inertia of Obama's policies.
So much for the facts these racist thugs won't believe the truth about their Great Deal not maker, anyone on the planet could do better...
He has just about used up all the momentum from Obama. Soon the real effect of his policies will start to show up & then watch out!
This graph relating to job creation?Look I am not for trump but it is a lot easier to add jobs from a recession then bein at full employment
Trump came into a good economy.  Don't recall him entering while in Global economic collapse nor did Trump save auto industry.
I personally think that is still Obama's economy as Trump's policies (on the economy) have yet to affect the economy in a meaningful way.
That's the great Ali my brother from a different mother doing What he does best.
I wish I could retweet this a million times.
Thank you for reporting the truth despite whatever these gullible, closed-minded Trump sheep say to you. #realnews

Its w u feel...
You ignore the highly pertinent fact that Obama started a low point, making improvement easier. Seems Ali has Hussein's fake back.
but it's not a great indicator of a strong economy to add 100,000's of low wage service jobs people only don because they have no choice
Dear Washington Post. Guess u thought we were stupid enough to let you compare different months of the year, when their trends differ a lot

Obama was a great President.  Case closed.

And you expected something else?
the 2016 election.
You would hope, but it's pretty hard to lose an election against Hillary.

It's really too bad that the Republicans have to drown before they realise the water is too high
Really? Why don't you compare food stamp usage under Obama vs. Trump? That is way down under Trump. Entertainment spending up too.
Are you trying to compare 7 months of nothing to two whole terms by his predecessor? 
Obama's first term was a disaster for my family. My wife lost her good corporate job and she was never able to recover from the stress.
Love your program! Very informative, educational! Thank you!
Leftist propaganda
Just wait until a year from now.
U.S. economic growth in 2016 was 1.6%  unemployment for 2016 was 4.9%
Current Econ.Growth rate 2017 3.0%  / unemployment 4.3% 17 yr low
Shit, That Don't Have Anything To do With Trump!
Those Are Still Obama's Job Growth!
DT Didn't Do Shit To Empower Job Growth We Were Having!
Keep throwing those facts around. They'll get you nowhere. We're not interested in those things #maga
Did they not include the race dummy variable?
All mouth no single policy that has helped us except divide us with tweets. I pray for our presidents that He will stop be a child
One mustn't forget the mess Obama started from.
u realize "empirical evidence" is a foreigner
One more lie
45 is always taking credit for other people's hard work.  Thanks Ali for the facts !!
a better comparison would be matching up seasons...seasonal hiring is big....#Economics
Smoke & mirrors can't be deposited in a bank. Broken promises don't pay the bills. PR will not disguise BS.
If the source is not Fox or Britebart, Trump supporters will lazily dismiss this information as fake news. Sad!
Ali killed it on Joy today. Trump's a mindless moran who has no interest in details. Trickle down caused disaster in 2008 n will again.
@realDonaldTrump Here you go. Please retweet!
We really do need better education in this country, the Obama hating trump asshole dingleberries believe he's maga maga maga maga maga maga
Will 46 acknowledge ,he is losing jobs?
I believe that
See the problem? You are citing empirical evidence. Republicans don't believe in that.
Just the beginning. Can't wait to see this chart in three more years.
They will call this "fake" news
Huh who needs #evidence or #numbers. Just go with what you want to believe
It's like a Rorschach ink blot test.  @realDonaldTrump and his supporters don't know the meaning of 'empirical evidence.'
I don't need proof I am living it. Next time I am investing in Russian banks not American ones.
@AliVelshi tell those trump supporters in the echo chambers.
Trump sucks. Plan and simple.
Now compare consumer confidence.
bamboozled them it just 2 funny! The truth will come to light that will be vver dim for many of them!
fiscal year! Which begins in October! Funny how most Americans do not understand their own Govt system which is why DJT was able to
The reality will set in soon! DJT has not done anything to benefit people he is busy destroying POTUS44 legacy! Just wait until the Federal
I'm going to have to save this for those #GOP "best ever " economy tweeter spam
Sadly, most Deplorables don't know what empirical is.
True 
and the difference in the "economy" Obama was handed vs what Trump inherited is light years apart
#SAD
Ali, I think we figured that one out w/o th graph.
The GOP spends all their time talking abt how bad & incompetent govt is. When we elect them they spend their time in office showing just how
Thanks, as always, @BarackObama!!
Yep he hasn't done anything to improve the economy. Investors think he might do business friendly things like lower their taxes, but not yet
Statistics are part of the liberal agenda.  /Sarcasm. Lol
Mr @realDonaldTrump Where are these jobs that you speak of?
Careful. Facts are hard for the Trumpkins
Trump will say it's Obamas fault
trump always shouts out what a MESS   he inherited....
It's this country that inherited an idiot
Thanks GOP
BIAS, when republican brings up Obama you will tell him Obama is gone and bring him back to Trump. why is it ok for you, but not for guests?

Thank you for changing the narrative and focusing on educating Americans, rather than just anti-45. Please continue. We must be the change.
QImperial? (Gasps) Did Ali Velshi say, “Margerine?" That's it!!! #RealNews with #Data? What's he doing to Trump—being a #Journalist? Sad.
Don't worry the trumpians will call it fake news facts be damned
when tRump passes a budget he can own the economy.
Thanks for your graph founded on cherry picked facts and half of the truth.
  It looks good on paper.
Pay cut anyone? That is what is headed our way as inflation could dog us once trade deals are shredded & no one to pick crops.
Ali, honestly I wouldn't waste my breath trying to convince trump or followers show that to those that can change their votes
Love the facts and numbers Ali.
Like that mgmt change in ur favorite cafe. It got more perfunctory,expensive,+less fun.
It's looking that way, Ali. But I'm going to take Vanguard's advice and wait a year and then look at the data. Love your show, babe!
Momentum only carries so far.  
But we must deregulate and poison the masses, have banks hedge agaist customers, and build a wall before the Trump economy can work.
Take out government jobs and redo the graph.
Let's see that graph of real jobs.
I'll never forget MSM warning us the day after the election to brace for a market crash...and the opposite happened! Lol!
Chart says it all.
Yeah yeah
"fitting that Trump has tried to take credit for the same economy he said was a disaster...nine months ago"
i be like
Despite unprecedented resistance
Look, I will never come around to your point of view. You hope for MAGA, I hope for the people of the world equally. We will never agree.
Wanting what's best for America doesn't mean turning our back on the world. DC is more my issue, they're criminals that don't care about us.
Then we are partners
I follow you because you can discuss w/out slinging insults. Another point of view isn't always a bad thing.
Thank you, I am quite honored, actually.
What has Trump done for the economy other than not mess it up, yet?  He's riding recovery momentum...but it can't last w/o new stimulus!
Let's b honest. This is still O's economy. DT and the GOP haven't passed any economic legislation. Executive orders just play at margins.
Vwalla!!!!
The only reason it is doing that well is because of @BarackObama
Thank u.. I swear they want him to be great so bad. But even a blind man can see he ain't shit
We are facing numerous crisis on every front as long as Trump is in the WH
Despite being a resilient person, I often have 2 determine whether I am having a heart attack or anxiety attack during factual MSNBC shows.
MSDNC FAKENEWS CHARTS
According to Trump that's called "winning"!
45 continues to brag about his economy. Obama inherited the "mess" 45 often uses. Took us out of it & gr8ly improved it. Sorry 45. Ur wrong.
In addition, Obama kept the U.S. economy from a complete unravel in 2009/2010.
Pathetic to hear him boast about how much he's done
Bullshit!
#Now MuellerNow
And Canada's has gained more than expected in the same time frame so it's not a global issue.
Fake news.
Noticed the price of gas is creeping back up.
And moreeeeee!
THANK YOU ALI VELSHI - for this and being such a bonafide babe!!
#MAGA 
And this is years before his deregulation really kicks in and causes a worldwide recession...
"Everything is fine here!"
We don't need a chart to know this is true
Don't confuse Trump supporters with the facts, their minds (assuming facts not in evidence) are already made up.
Donny, Graydon Carter once said you're thin-skinned "skin like gossamer" & that when criticized you "coil like a caged ferret."  True, huh?
Donny, on this national day of prayer (by presidential proclamation) do you pray we are too dumb to notice the truth? You're doing nothing.
Donny, is this true? Are you not good for the economy? Is my 401k making all that money in the Market because of Obama's policies? Tsk, tsk.
When serving the few, their economy is the only one you worry about. The rest of us do not matter to the GOP at all.
IOW the Obama economy is beginning to run out of steam. Trump brags about the DOW but ignores the rapidly weakening dollar.
Since it was already bad, slightly worse is not better. The GOP has no intention of us recovering from the recession.
Trump hasn't been tweeting about job numbers or the stock market lately 
I thought it would be much worse, I thought it would take a straight nosedive.
.@realDonaldTrump losing. No matter how or where you look #biglysad
@SenatorLeahy @realDonaldTrump @washingtonpost To explain the model to the average Trump voter,u must define the word empirical.
@SenatorLeahy @realDonaldTrump @ObsoleteDogma And POTUS ignored this. No statement from WH with bogus claims.
Let's go, let's hear it from all the racists...
The obutthead curtains are pulled
