....Transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming.....
um.. its based on SCIENCE?
23 yrs in mil guess how many issues by Soldiers who are transgendered we saw? ZERO. Guess how many harassment and assault charges? 250+
Yes. & tramp said in campaign that it's to be expected that women soldiers get attacked. Republicans have big problem with impulse control.
Weiner and B Clinton has the problem with impulse control
It will be while before I can forget the scout speech.
Hitler Youth revisited
True.
When Dem have nothing to say they always turn to there old friend Hitler
Repeal of DADT was such a disaster, no? 
I'm just wondering if he can go one day without pissing somebody off. Modern day presidential? 
Have you read the report done by Pence claiming to offer graphic reasons gays shouldn't be in the military. DJT hasn't any ideology.
Turn your outrage into action.  Consider a donation to the @TrevorProject which works with LGBTQ teens
Why are Republicans so fixated on the parts of people's lives that have absolutely nothing to do with them?
So what do you think he'll do to people of color and women? We're next
Transgender surgeries should be banned in the first place.
Solely based on bigotry and ignorance
Another example of his overall and scientific ignorance. Mostly though, I believe this is entirely a distraction attempt! #25thAmendmentNow

This smells like Bannon.. and he's been on the sidelines lately.. pulling the strings?
Impetus: Hatred for Obama, love for Putin's Rubles. In battle, I would not give a fuk who saves my life.
Not only that, THE NUMBER ONE PERSONNEL PROBLEM in the military, by far, is sexual assault by and on women AND men.
And the politics of bigotry. He's playing to a bigoted base to distract from Trumpcare and Russia.
American http://ppl.You  did this. If they take #trans ppl out they must put trump supporters in to replace them. @realDonaldTrump
Same bullshit arguments they used against integrating black and white. Gay and straight. Same old tired crap.
100% THIS
We need good people willing to fight!  It should not matter about your sexual orientation & should not distract from your mission!
This can be litigated in the courts, yes?
Christopher Beck, a SEAL TEAM 6 operator served 7 combat deployments and earned a Bronze Star & Purple Heart. He is a SHE: Kristen Beck.
Military free from drama also if a trans were to enlist it's not up to tax payers to flip the bill for meds or surgeries
Hate to tell you but many "trans" already openly work and fight in the U.S. military.
Thank you, Ann Coulter! Sounds like you were very influential in Trump's decision!! Looks like "bigoted birds of a feather flock together"!
"I served in active duty" already makes you more qualified to speak on the topic than @potus. Thank you for protecting transgender rights.
Considering that no matter where you serve you still have to go through basic and bunk with your fellow servicemen- more than a draft dodger
Any transgender person willing to serve already has 1 million times more character & courage than Trump ever will 
No lie, especially since he's the draft dodger in Chief, and a world class punk.
Can someone impeach this idiot?! NOW?!?!  What is it going to take to start the process????
esp by a draft dodger
Leave Bubba Clinton out of this.  He had important Rhodes Scholarship stuff to do.
are you sending a tweet from the 90s? Can you tell past me to invest in pokemon cards?
Because he is a bigot pandering to bigots who falsely and blasphemously claim some connection to God.
I avoided the news for a few hours and then this happens! I wanted to have a nice Wednesday until lunch....
Until Trump is gone no day will be a good day
That's a fact.
Well be happy with all those coming bad days... 7.5 years to go
Have you thought after Trump? No more candidates will release tax returns, all corrupt, no moral/ethics, only greed. America's NOT great.
Tax returns aren't required by law, only your opinion on corrupt unless you're talking about Clintons. No Moral/ethics... You talking Dems?
Trump's conflict of interest is too huge to ignore. Democrats have better ethics than Republicans, from history.
Sorry I can't stop laughing... Are you paid to tweet stupid stuff?
Are you the Democrat in Oregon who sold guns to our enemies?
Can I get 1 retweet. 10 years a go today my oldest son Charles Bilbrey jr was killed in Iraq . He served our country well,he's a real hero
I'm so sorry for your loss. Your son is a true American Hero. May he rest in peace. 
Thank you for your kind words
mentally ill people should not serve. Neither should transgender people
But it's OK for mentally ill people to have guns, according to NRA. If a trans person wants to risk his/her life defending the US, why not?
because it's a disruption to everyone him/her. And I shouldn't have to foot the bill for their surgeries either
quit lying these mentally ill people expect taxpayers to fund their surgeries too
no thanks. I know enough. Pay for their own damn reassignment surgeries
He might understand that if he were not a DRAFT DODGER!!!!
The FACT is there are only TWO genders. People that go against the biology of gender are mentally ill. KEEP THEM OUT! #SODOM


why a person would be transgender, scientific proof
You know what *IS* a mission detractor in the military? Not transgender issues. It's the rape culture the mil perpetuates. Focus on that!
BRAVO!! Yes stop the rape culture.
CONGRESS needs to weigh in ASAP, didn't know transgender ppl serving & military "victory" were mutually exclusive? TRUMP is a FAILED POTUS!
CONGRESS needs to address BIGOTED unilateral "ban" by FASCIST TRUMP by inserting language into NDAA allowing TRANSGENDER ppl to serve! #erie
Transgender, gay, bisexual, lesbians, all have the right to serve in our military. Our potus never served in the military, he dodged it.
I proudly support gay rights. And if anyone has a problem with it. Delete me. And I am Straight.
But I will always support Gay rights
Use the Bigot Card, You know it's not about discrimination, it's about being fully Prepared To Guard Ur life, Fellow soldiers & the Mission
Bullshit. Any trans in any unit I served in would've challenged morale and cohesion
I served on active duty in the U.S. Military. Exclusion of Transgender Americans by @POTUS is not based on facts, it is based on bigotry. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/890196164313833472 …
Yup and it would start with something simple like PT tests
Actually it'd start way before that, like the showers in boot camp
I think DT sits on his golden throne in the AM conjuring up ways to make US hate him even more than we did the day before. He's deranged.
I bet he is the most hated person in modern history. Maybe even more than Hitler. Not sure how to measure that but someone will someday.
A) Thank you for your service B) This is BEYOND wrong C) He's hoping this will distract us from #AHCA and #TrumpRussia 

Won't happen! 
True.  This is all about deflection. Rumor is there's a big story coming out today or tmrw that has POTUS scared.
I hope you're right.  But it's also seeming he's like Teflon.  Scary times
So true. Makes me wonder where the bottom is.
The bottom?  We saw that with Obama.
Oh shut up, bot
Don't think for a second Trump doesn't go through with this.
Also, Pence was the one who pushed the idea to Trump.
White, black, yellow, purple, man, woman, trans....if you have the courage to fight for the country you love, you should be able to!
And who's gonna pay for all the trans surgeries? Cause that is what this is really about.
So you say that pple are going to join military just for surgery.  Nuts  just nuts
Not for that purpose solely, but if you can save yourself over 100g by joining up for 2 yrs, a good chunk of which you would be in medical
Care you really think ppl won't? Have you seen the estimates of how many are currently serving and expecting that surgery? We are talking
Big difference between transgender and being gay.
You don't say, Twinkletoes.
I got me a stalker @JamieMBlanchard 
You realize YOU initiated this conversation and just tweeted me like 10 times? Get yourself together lady.
So, you're stalking me? Looks like it.
...and fear of anything different
Whether 1 agrees w/ their lifestyle or not long as they're qualified & can do the job who cares what's between their legs.

Ted it's based on "HE NEEDS ANOTHER DISTRACTION" to cloud the 2018 mid terms!
45 - spoken like a true dictator. Who is next?
Isn't that impeachable?
Thank you for naming what this is. Thank you for your bravery.
It's based on getting funding for a stupid, unnecessary wall without any thought to the repercussions of existing/upcoming military service.
I'm sure Chelsea Manning agrees with you.
Trump is right on. The military is not the place for people who think they have rights different than rights of all citizens. Bigotry=excuse
THIS IS HATE MONGERING and not right! STOP seperating our Country MR. President! WE ARE not all BIGOTS!
Completely so.
Caitlyn Jenner takes Trump up on bathroom offer:
Transgender men to women have more balls than the so called President who dodged the military because he is a coward & a fake, fake pres!
Too bad ya'll say this on twitter and not the floor
We have a saying in the south, "GOD DOESN'T LIKE UGLY." 45, I hope you're familiar with this. If not, you will be!
And you are wrong.  As usual!
A male at 23% body fat would not be allowed in the military, but a female would. This change makes the fat man allowed, this is bad in war
I bet you applaud the bigots who stop conservatives from speaking on college campuses.
Aided and abetted by Bigot in Chief- @mike_pence  @VP. What a disgrace.
That sums up @realDonaldTrump whole admin - based on bigotry
@JoyAnnReid @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #FakePresident  shouldn't be talking for someone who dodged a draft
As a veteran I commend anyone willing to sacrifice their lives on the alter of freedom for our citizens. Even draft dodging bigots.
But there are only two genders so.. this is a non-issue.
Democrats put everyone in a certain category and call it inclusive! I call it subjugation which is......well... #Bigotry!
I prefer soldiers who can focus on their objective without worrying about where they fit into their imaginary gender spectrum.
Duh. Everything he does is based on bigotry. Tell us something we don't know.
My best friend from high school was gay and had to hide that fact while he was in the military.  He wanted to be a career soldier.
Fake President is a bigot and homophobic ass who cannot lead. Very sad for America
Wheeee off the cliff we go with PredatorTrump #MakeAmericaHated
Trumps bigotry is out of control. this is Bannon and Sessions work.  Trump is a weak draft dodger - Transgender Americans serve honorably.
Yea, Bradley...erm, Chelsea Manning.  Totally stand-up member of the military there...way to paint with a broad brush...
Amen.

Yes, it is—specifically a. We dont take people with preexisting medical conditions & b. high comorbidity with depression, anxiety, etc.
Now, with human nature in mind, we should all open TG service to get a handle on b. & mitigate espionage risks but let's not pretend >
>that there's no issue at all. You're being disingenuous.
Making public declarations like this, affects people's lives without preparation or forewarning..thousands currently in harms way, affected
That's the Trump way
Surely, we can trust @realDonaldTrump's judgement here - he "served" in an elite "military" prep school. If it wasn't for the "bone spurs-"
Did you whine when Obama made military related decisions with all of his military experience?  Oh, wait...
Obama wasn't overturning anti-discrimination laws based on false logic.

Remember when Trump told me this on the @TODAYshow ?? 
This is all Pence. Trump could care less.
I wonder if Pence had influence on this, their next step is banning gays/lesbians I am sure.   Disusting!
Can't help but recall a Very PI comment by the Dirty Harry character " if everyone could shoot like that I wouldn't care if...." 1/2
2/2. Trump will never know what it is like when others hold your life in their hands. Combat might have been a growth experience for him.
I for 1 do not want to pay for someone else's sex change operation. Not to mention he is right, they have no business being in the military.
As disgusting as this is, this is purely a DISTRACTION from the Russia investigation and he's gearing up to fire Sessions. Timely huh?
Browder testifies today...
Right up Pence's ally Remember conversion therapy. He believes in that
Teddy speaking of facts http://www.frontpagemag.com/fpm/265729/muslim-brotherhood-security-breach-congress-daniel-greenfield … @TGowdySC  gonna get you lol
Don't even know where 2begin2 analyse the destructive,ignorant, racist,bigot who illegitimately sits in OUR OVAL office! 
#IMPEACH45NOW
It's never been an issue, until you made it one for politics. @tedlieu  You're a #Coward and emotion Capitalist. #Pathetic. Where'd u serve?

it's a distraction attempt.
U also must be freaking out about mr awan
Anyone needing that much treat both physical&psych is barred from service i.e. even diabetes Asthma etc Need top physical/mental condition
Clearly
trump is a bigot
Lol.. Ted go let some more illegals in to our country so they can kill more American's.
Ted Lieu is a hack politician, he has no mind of his own , just a Puppet for Every Liberal Argument, his tweets reflect it.

Thank you for your advocacy of #LGBTQ AND for your service, Congressman.
Which was one of the pillars of his campaign.
Another one of your attention getting tweets. Your military service seems to have taught you nothing.
@ungerbn103 @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Nor is anything else in Trump's Mad House.
I served as well. May everyone impacted stay safe. #ImpeachTrumpNow

Boom https://twitter.com/sarahhsandiers/status/890329320257966080 …
Gays and women are next, just watch. A soldier is a soldier, that's all that should matter!
The orange cheeto didn't serve & did this to pls his master, pooty poot
Dont let this Ban Announcement divert you from the Russian Hack trials going on
Baloney Ted.Your a enemy agent doing everything you can to undermine US for a weakened state for takeover!
It's based on appealing to his sad, tiny, bigoted base. 
Trump's not only weak-- he's also limp.
I'll challenge you to find any action @POTUS has taken that can't be traced back to bigotry.
@RepTedLieu go pet a puppy
The military is not the tv show MASH, and has no need for Klinger to give comedic relief
Of fire, because that person is fat or transgender. Now our President wouldn't know a damn thing about that.
Same here Ted! USAF for 11 Yrs. No excuse for this betrayal of people that are infinitely more patriotic than President Apprentice!!
Ask pence and mother 
are we currently paying for sex change operations?
Thank you for your honorable service...so happy you did@not claim bone spurs! #theLiarInChiefIsADraftDodger
He doesn't give 2 either way. It's based on his need to cause a big distraction so everyone goes bonkers in a different direction.
It's what Trump does best - promote bigotry.
Ted- I want u as president.
Is this offical? Can he actually do this?
@dumptrump33 @POTUS Yes, just like the Muslim ban.
This administration is in a TAILSPIN. America is the weakest she's been in decades. IT'S TIME TO START SERIOUSLY TALKING IMPEACHMENT.
It cost alot to be transgender so the us dosent wanna get more debt
Has the pentagon actually studied this?  Who did the prez consult?  Are there written opinions from the DoD?
Wonder what Trump's move will be once he runs out of groups to vilify. His "hate hit parade" is a really big club at this point.
It has to be.
Says the intolerant bigot himself
I would like to hear from our generals that THIS is what they talked to president about.  Not Syria.  Not NK.  Not Russia.  But this.
And OUR tax dollars ted! The President of the United States SPEAKS for Americans.
Sodom and Gomorrah tame compared to what Dems and MSM would like to do to USA. Good for @POTUS for standing up!
Everything @realDonaldTrump does is based on bigotry. That's why the #trumptrain loves him!
Just when I think he can't get more disgusting.  Wrong again.
Show the study that transgender adds to the military's effectiveness or not.  And make it real science; not the trash the Left spews.
@realDonaldTrump Please have SecDef Mattis and JCS testify PUBLICLY on the risks from transgender personnel in the military.
Next it will be illegal to be gay.
Just like in Russia, right?
You're so right Cindy.  More proof of collusion
Prove it.
Let trump send his sons or his racist supporters to war! Meanwhile, continue to fight for your rights in America! Why fight in racist wars?
Negative Impact to readiness said about blacks, women, gays, Japanese, Native Americans, and others. Where's the proof?
If California secedes, America will off load 1 out of every 3 welfare recipients. What's not to like about THAT? Oh please do
Moments saying from Politico it was to pay for the wall but not enough. Like tsp in gallon!So again he lied on general's advice what his own
PARTISAN HYPOCRITE
PARTISAN HYPOCRITE
PARTISAN HYPOCRITE
PARTISAN HYPOCRITE
Trump is concern that the military would forcibly remove him so Trans Hopefully the military cares more about #TrumpRussia laughing at them
For someone w/his level of bigotry, hatred, discrimination, retaliation & misogyny. Who is narcissistic, it is about $ and his own feelings
So true!
Just bashing the LGBTQ community 2deflect frm the RUSSIAN COLLUSION investigation. Punching LGBTQ to hide crap is old form: Ask HB2 and NC.
Read up on DADT and the effects thereof of both heterosexual &homosexual  comradeship; repression of LGBTQ status affects trust/performance
GO TED!!!!!
To be precise it's based on politics
And so?  Like the Democrats don't play the exact same political games?
And you can bet Pence was behind this also !!
Very little from the POTUS mouth is based on facts........
A President who cannot accept facts is not a President, but a madmen unfit for the job.
So he should have ignored the advice of his Generals?  They wanted this.
Hitler started by banning Jews from holding jobs. How is this any different? What is happening in this country?!?!?
Shocking
Electoral college let this mentally ill criminal become president
Oh, well
So StarWolf...do you have an MD degree in psychiatry?
We can't handle 4 years of this guy
This is religious perception of LGBTQ  as less than human. It's not the future. They are human beings just like anyone else.
They now let gays shower with people they are sexually attracted. Why can't the straight men, discrimination?
During your military service, you served with transgender persons, yes? You seem to be baiting POTUS again re: subject u know nothing about.
Exactly! Besides being a 6 X draft dodger, he has no idea who our military consists of! #TrumpRussiaCollusionConfirmed
I think it's just 5. You owe him an apology.
U got that rite
No, it's based on fighting wars. And SJW's don't fight wars at Starbucks.
I also served in the military and we shouldn't be spending millions of dollars on surgeries that are unnecessary to the mission. #Fact!
Maybe it's something tRump can relate to.
Of course, Trump's illogic could justify excluding gays and lesbians, and to oppose post WWII integration of uniformed services.
Its based on, like everything else he's done, his IGNORANCE! Trump is Clueless! I have no idea how he has ever accomplished anything!#Resist
We should demand him to cite his sources and to name "his generals."
Or funding by religious leaders for the wall. POTUS thinks the wall is more important than human beings. SAD
@realDonaldTrump another failure 45.U are not supreme ruler. This too will be overthrown. failure, just another fail. #TrumpRussia #RICO
I'm not a 45 fan. I don't think that the military is the place for that. I can see sexuality choices being used to manipulate.
So do you recommend it then?  Not making a judgement but another observation that ALL you do is contradict @POTUS and seemingly nothing else
How military members are we talking? Playing to the bigots who think there are more, mean spirited and dangerous for those in military now.
Can you provide a List of all the Transgenders you served with while you were on active duty. We need facts .
When have facts ever been part of the calculous of a DJT decision?
As a vet I am disgusted this person is POTUS!!
I served 4yr active USN, Vietnam conflict. Draft-dodging POTUS, I was defending human dignity, something lost on you who shame us.
It's also based on the fact that this mentally ill man will do or say anything to distract from the Russian Scandal. #sickeningPOTUS
This is madness. I believe Pentagon showed that it would only cost 8mil for meds vs 43mil used in military health total! They should stay!!!
It's based on firing up his hateful base
How many trannies served with you?
Be quiet Trump, if you bring too much attention people will find out what's really going on!
