Wrong. Obstruction is deleting 33,000 emails, smashing cellular devices & getting amnesia under oath during a criminal investigation.
False. Obstruction is when you fire the guy in charge of investigating you. Seriously can't understand how anyone is still defending Trump.
Failed musician can't understand that Comey fired for cause on the advice of the AG and Deputy AG, and that Trump is not being investigated.
And you fail to understand that Trump ordered the AG and Dep. AG to write up a statement to give him an excuse to fire Comey.
Right and you know that because of all the evidence presented... oh wait.
And Trump said so himself, so...
Wrong. Keep making up facts, guitar hero...
Not looking into why a rich guy was SUPPOSEDLY MURDERED but his wallet & jewelry not taken is what OBSTRUCTION looks like to some!
Can you believe what we are hearing?  That it wasn’t from the RUSSIANS that the DNC LEAKS CAME.....but FROM INSIDE THE DNC!
Is it possible that the real investigation into the bottom of the so call RUSSIA LEAKS should be into the MURDER of SETH RICH?
The way the SETH RICH MURDER was downplayed one might wonder if someone put the clamps on an investigation into it!
The American people deserve to know why Seth Rich was murdered!  Could he have been the real so-called RUSSIAN LEAKER??
The American people need to know if Seth Rich was MURDERED or if he was EXECUTED by INSIDERS for leaking those DNC emails!
How long should I hold my breath waiting for grandstanding Dems like Sen Leahy to call for an investigation into the SETH RICH MURDER?
"according to the document, which was read to The New York Times by an American official" really?? That's the source and it's official news
Don't worry, the House, Senate and/or Special Counsel will subpoena it. You'll be able to read it 4 yourself.
You can't read what doesn't exist! You can't believe for a moment that if it truly existed they wouldn't have just leaked the entire memo???
Yes...they want to leak on Drumpf; but releasing a document is a huge step. Spicer confirmed what they leaked!
Especially when it doesn't exists, until then the "media" can hide behind "anonymous sources" and make shit up w/o having to be liable to it
Russia is from God...The Zarina of Russia is La Virgin.The Zarina of Russia.Vitalicia.Lady Oscar.Steve
His little boy Kushner now in WApo! He is as guilty as hell too! He laundered Russian money! Absolutely outrageous corruption
And now Comey's old boss has taken the reins.
Trump is now knee deep in serious doo doo!
He's like a dog that doesn't understand the concept of object permanence.

Impeach
Corruption + Stupidity
I believe this is what one would call "intent"
If true, this is evidence that with the James Comey firing, his intent was to end the investigation..  This is clear obstruction of justice!
The question is not whether or not Trump committed obstruction, it's whether or not he'll receive consequences of his actions?

I'll give Trump credit. His ability to consistently tell you up is down and black is white is remarkable. 

#TheResistance 
LITERALLY admitted to it.

Hey, those are my Kentucky neighbors
It has certainly taken off since @potus mentioned it. Keep seeing details everywhere.
Who are you quoting here?? The person who read a supposed memo?? Or the NYT's? You do not have a shred of evidence that he even said this?!?
Spicer confirmed it, tried to call it a "negotiating tactic".
textbook example
Cannot have it BOTH ways. Trump also said "I am not under investigation." Thus no intent since believed he was not being investigated.
What he says and what he believes are not the same thing. Of course he tells you yokels he's not being investigated.
But not meetings on the Runway with the AG ? Not Destroying Devices with a hammer or erasing 1000s of emails ?
use a dose of ethics and actually wait for a shred of evidence first? or is it Guilty until proven innocent now?? #fakenews  #witchhunt
Because if they didn't you'd never let it go. So damned if you do, damned if you don't.
Trump has no collusion with Russia , let's see your shit faces when you all learn that
"michelle" Don't YOU pay attention?  We do.  We know he's a liar and a crook.  It's not biased media, he's just a ninny.
#weknowwhotherealnutjobis
THEN START IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS!!! Or, at the very least, utilize the 25th Amendment to have him taken from power!! Comeon!
Nixon was allowed to fire the special procecutor just like trump is allowed to fire comey. No obstruction just a coup
With watergate, Nixon fired the special prosecutor. That was not obstruction it was the erasing of the tapes that was obstruction
That is just the reason why Trump fired comey. No matter the reason comey was fired it cannot be obstruction cuz fbi dir. Works for potus.
Hilter required an Oath by all  I'm sure that's what trump read oh I forgot trump doesn't read anything that doesn't have his name in it

BTW, not one shred of evidence on collusion. In fact no one can even define what collusion even means. Not one shred of evidence
Obstruction is the dem senateholding up every presidentialappointee-effecting millions of Americans with govt being understaffed.un-American
Full support Senator!
THANK YOU Senator!
We all know this is long drawn out process but so was that election. Stay Strong.
I'll share my PDB and anything else you want. Let's get some coffee and chocolate cake
Sen. Leahy, I see you also signed the letter to the UN bemoaning "unfair treatment" of ISraHell. Is that true? 
It's time we take him down and out not leaving one scumbag he brought with him and his appointments.
People voted for you??
Are you doing something about it, or just running your mouth?
Thank you captain obvious When you have a political hack POS as an FBI director Who can do great damage to our country outside the US Yeah 
bot
World's most short-sighted individual.
And foolishly ignorant of likely outcomes. "Art of the, Really?"
I think Trump was taking a few plays from Bill Clinton at the back of Airplane last August. If you call this Obstruction, what was that?

刚注册的号，目前还不太懂，求好友
And smells and sounds like.
Thank you senator for standing up to this attempted coup by Trump & Russia.

As early as December 2015 Hillary Clinton campaign head John Podesta discussed Trump's "bromance with Putin" 
#Treasonous u r whether u can spell it or not DT
BTW, we first were introduced2u listening2a Steve Earl Song&have kept up w/ur great Svc since. Thank you4working4ALL Citizens.
What must Leaders of other Countries think of a President who is guilty of TreasonThis @POTUS & @VP must RESIGN
Here's proof of president and collusion with Russia:
@MSNBC #amjoy @NBCNews @nytimes @CBSNews
@ABC Did President Trump just Trump himself? Unable to defend, supporters blame the media.
Impeachment is a thing of the past now, if a republicans ever say anything about impeaching a democrat ignore him

Skinning and grinning and giving classified info to the Russians in the Oval Office. Where are those Republican patriots??
missing in action--got to have a meeting, a hearing to see what he did--say what??
I'm a criminal defense attorney. If @realDonaldTrump were my client, I'd say let's get the plea bargain ready. Guilty.
If Trumps and GOP's loyalty is with Russia...they should seek asylum in Russia like Snowden!
Cracks me up how Trump sheeps talk about democrats that are not in office while they ignor traitors in office. Traitors are not patriots
Never forget McMasters said he never left trump Russia meeting. So he heard trump's mocking about firing Comey and still defended him on tv
Intel given to the Russians that was too sensitive to share with allies & high ranking American officials its espionage and he's the victim?
Question: How many Russians does it take to crowd into the Oval Office to collapse the WH? Answer: Only 1 as long as it's the POTUS.
@Firey_Innocence @nytimes  In your face OBSTRUCTION
And the Supreme Court is going to take immediate action ? Nope of course not, such a silly thing to suggest !
He was just modeling mitch..
Wow! How is he still president? #traitor
Now we'll see whether even a single one of your Republican colleagues cares as much about their country as they do about their party
Well he has. As soon as he said Russia and U.S. could work together and it's better to be friends then enemies ppl like u freaked out
Leaks Pressure Presidential Prostate.
So do something about it - now
Who are the rest of the people?
And this man led high treason too
Russians have achieved objective of putting a 'nut job' in the WH
Six people are there with him, and a Russian photographer. Were any Americans in the room at all -- including @realDonaldTrump?
can we start calling him crooked donald?
I hope he just keeps on talking...
"I " always "I" ..nitpicking, I know. Yes, I see the big picture. Drinking game: how many "I" or "me" in any speech, interview or letter? GO
Agreed. What action should be taken?
He actually made it a lot worse for himself. He's just to dumb to know it.
@realDonaldTrump's verbal diarrhea will make it simple to prove intent ... typically quite difficult in an obstruction case.
Why because I fired Comey.
WHO IS WATCHING  THE GOVERNMENT !
Nothing to see here, @SpeakerRyan. Might as well play checkers.
IMPEACH TRUMP
While Putin distract US,
The quality & quantity of Russian hacking keeps getting better. Stopping the hacking must be the highest priority
.........the next time i'am pulled over i'am telling the cop he is dismissed...............see where that goes in court.....
My grandma always told me of the great US people who defeated the Nazis. Now im waiting for the US people to defeat the incompetent #POTUS
Lavrov looks like a man shitting himself in tight pants. This president is unhinged. 25th amendment!
DT believes Russian Emb is laughing WITH him!   No Dummy he is laughing at you and all your brown-nose Pinocchios!
Why didn't Trump look this giddy when he met with Merkel in the White House? It's almost like he has some infatuation with Russia!
Yes but he now has Mueller. And those Russians? They're tough. He's soft and they can chew him up. And they know it.
Reassuring Putin that with Comey gone he can at last do what is required of him? #Kompromat
Has met credentials to select nut job Okay administration of today's bad World Impeach
TREASON!
And yet your "colleagues" in @senateGOP do nothing in the hope of continuing their fire sale.
The GOP will burn for this.
Trump is a lying traitor! #trumprussia
You do know The NY Times is owned by a Mexican billionaire right
reportedly, -45 never laughs. He was grinning broadly, however if it included laugh noises those were faked.

Rump go live in Russia with your illegitimate citizen wife
so do something about it senator. Please. For the love of what our country once stood for. Get the man out of office
Oh for gods sake can y'all just take the night off and go to the movies or something.
And just so you know, you have ruined the internet.
If national security was threatened its because trump his self released highly classified information . Treason!!
Tremendous respect due to @SenatorLeahy for your turn at the Clapper/Yates hearing. Bravo, sir!
Are you willing to call for impeachment? Are you willing to protect the American public that you serve? Please.
Fortunately the legal mens tea for obstruction is subjective & not objective. Otherwise would be impossible to prove against Trump.
Men's rea! Damned spell checker!
We're almost there
He's loyal & grateful to Putin bc pro-Russian policies, tactics, $, &Twitter made an ignorant businessman President of the US
Boastful obstruction in front of his handlers.
Making a mockery of the presidency. #NotMyPresident ... ever... never #ImpeachTrumpPence
Do something about it.
It amazes me how many stupid people fell for the BS this prick was peddling during "Presidential Campaign/Russians Fix US Election" season.
We've been dumbed down so much that anyone who does anything that remotely resembles critical thinking is labeled a conspiracy theorist.
Amazing what bullies can do, eh?
It's not obstruction without intent, and my feeling is more like he needed a release from the pressure. So he hit out at Comey.
What does this bastard have to do to get impeached? Really shoot someone on 5th Ave? -if this was Obama-cons would b screaming 4 blood!
Follow the money. Russia has financed Trumps business all over the world. Can't cut off the hand that feeds you. Thick as thieves
Senator Leahy is a very serious person.  This comment was greatly considered before he spoke
A close-up photo of Kirylak's goiter is also what obstruction looks like
"Reinforces"? What? That is an open admission. The media just plain sucks.
Leahy himself should have gone to prison for leaking classified data. More evidence of the fucking hypocrisy on the Left.
Do we know that Russia is not the source of these leaks
Buh, buh, but... Hillary sold uranium to the Russians and she didn't go to jail. Why should Donald be held to a different standard?
I'm surprised Rick Santorum isn't in this picture?
I know!  How does he keep getting away with this?  Just flaunts his obscene world view at our nation and our laws.  He is a monster.
It's not obstruction just to fire someone. See alan dershowitz. Time to retire.
(The Russian bots are everywhere!) But seriously, hey Trump, the joke is on YOU.  Russians are laughing at you - not w/you!
and one of those 6 people in the photo probably leaked the conversation to the media. best group ever.
One can only obstruct justice if he/she is personally under investigation for a crime. Trump is not under investigation - no obstruction!
then why is there pressure if he was not being investigated?
They are looking at Flynn, Manafort & others, but it is assumed that they are not looking at Trump himself. We are all waiting for the facts
When I hear someone utter the words "next 4 years" referring to the presidency of #DJT I have bouts of laughing & crying #Resist #RussiaGate
Really tired of political racism and double double standards.
U know if Obama had tried something like this they would have strung him up!

Disparaging a high ranking American official to the Russians is the highest betrayal, bordering on treason.
Is WH suggesting DT will tamp down Russian vote mess 4 concessions n Ukraine?
YOU are still THE BEST!  Would everyone have the amlagam to bring you do!
#ImpeachTrump
Tell that to your colleagues especially @SenatorBurr who's stalling investigations
And uh...the pressure isn't off @realdonaldtrump or his little Jared.
Pressing questions: Will Omars tent and awning make his prison uniform? Will Ivanca and Jarred have matching stripes? How long till divorce?
Hi. Me and my spawn sold America 2 a foreign country, hacked an election and I'm as fat as a house.  @realDonaldTrump
The Russians laughing at how successful their plan turned out to be.
OBSTRUCTION looks like: “I faced great pressure because of Russia. That’s taken off.” 
http://nytimes.com/2017/05/19/us/ …
Usually hidden in darkness.
i agree impeach him
.. the #maga @realDonaldTrump treason has been with American all along?!?
This is what OBSTRUCTION looks like: “I faced great pressure because of Russia. That’s taken off.” 

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/19/us/politics/trump-russia-comey.html?smid=tw-share …
Never in my fifty eight years have I ever have such a level mistrust of the White House
It is evidence of Collusion as well: Trump told his co-conspirators that he took care of the "Russia problem"
This is what TREASON looks like. He deserves to receive the full penalty for that crime.
HE is such a freaking pecan himself! Hope he doesn't totally embarrass USA on this trip:(
Comey won't be trump's only pressure...I guarantee it!

He's telling the Russians that he has stopped the investigation into what THE RUSSIANS did during the campaign!
But..Comey was fired because of Hillary a week ago.  Lol..... what a clown.
Time to fire the traitor whose only goal is revenge and to take America down because he went broke and he got pissed only Russia saved him
@bountyofbeads2 ADMITS TO OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE...WILL BE FIRST ARTICLE OF IMPEACHMENT OF DONALD J TRUMP?
Lol...
Donald "Amateur Hour" Trump, your hour is up.
Pat. PAT. My brother. It's time. Start the impeachment ball rolling. I know the investig's still going on but we already know trump is unfit
Do you remember when Obama told Russian President ON CAMERA that he would "be more flexible after the election"???? No? Ok.
Trump is the IDIOT nut job. Who the hell does that!  45 is not well or worthy to sit in our White House. He needs to go!  Just embarrassing
As Cousin Abe casts a disapproving eye from the portrait on the wall.
Trump reminds me of Tony Soprano. Pat you on the back, smile, chat you up...then push you off his yacht to swim with the fishes....
Lock HIM up
How do you like the pressure now?
There is no better witness for the prosecution against trump than trump himself. #ITMFA
It couldn't be any clearer!
impeach already
I don't understand A Dershowitz. If your dog shits on the floor, you should walk him. But if pres. Shits on the constitution...impeach!
I agree
This is what TREASON looks like.
Lavrov visiting the Western Kremlin ...
It's high time for @realDonaldTrump to be held accountable for HIS actions against USA & the words that come out of HIS foul mouth! #resist
And still his crazy supporters don't care that he trashes our country to ppl from a country that is trying to destroy our democracy.
Can't believe my exclusive details/context on #Russia #Trump #mafia ties being missed by media! PLZ SHR
25th amendment, @VP ?
Thanks for pushing, Senator.  By the way, what purpose does Jared & Ivanka serve on the current trip? #WastedTaxDollars
And Jared's spokesperson, too... Seriously?
