@alexdelbarrio Democrats forget the election in 2000 where they claimed the same. Also China hacked us more the last 7 years
they claimed undocumented people voted by the millions. That's absurd
No it isn’t
no one claimed 3 million illegal immigrants voted in the 2000 election.
Trump warning about China now and being laughed at
you jump to conclusions from separate issues that aren't connected. If there was voter fraud to the extent that he
no im not jumping to conclusions, voter fraud is real ,…at least in Texas it is
it's also been caught after audits of the votes post election almost all of the time
@alexdelbarrio Our former President was a spineless human, blame him
yeah spineless people don't get elected twice and would have gotten elected a third time if it was allowed
You really think that? Republicans have slowly taken over every branch while he was in office.
the democrats put up the most unelectable candidate in history and she still got 3 million more votes than the EC winner
Not my problem
Well you won that argument, good job!
Prove it did not happen! You can't! Now please let the @Potus govern
The one making wild accusations - President Cheeto - should provide the proof.
- that's what an investigation is for
Wow, this is fun. https://heatst.com/politics/exclusive-tiffany-trump-is-currently-registered-to-vote-in-two-states/ …
- yes it is!
.@POTUS thinks voter fraud could have cost him the popular vote. It happened 4 years ago, why couldn't it happen now? #voterfraudisreal 
@Project_Veritas 

Trump "thinks" it happened..oh..ok..there's Todd's proof.
Say hi to Santa.
- Silly, Santa is back at the North Poll making toys for next Christmas
I was just watching how you're getting your ass kicked by everybody because you're the only one with your head in the sand
Obama was a weak Presidente, he didn't enforce the Americans security. He was helping the Muslim Countries. Blame him !
@andrewzimmern yes we should investigate both. We must make sure that are elections are safe & secure from all forms of fraud
@AdamPosen bored by job already! It's a cunning ploy to dq from Office when find Fake Russian votes for DJT
Trump will not investigation that because he already knows his Pal Comrade Putin had everything to do with the Hacking@gma2324

Amen to that
Bobbing/weaving;Trump alleging voter fraud b/c he doesn't want other topics covered. Media don't be distracted by shiny objects!
In 2017, we are sufficiently capable to cover this non-story and real ones at the same time.
We are more worried about the viewership absorbing the most effective information, ledes are important.
I don’t know if we can do much about people who are intentionally uninformed.
That is the tragedy we are living with. I'm actually quite terrified. I underestimated mass idiocy.
You should watch the documentary Idiocracy. The director says it's fiction but I know a documentary when I see it.
I have. It USED to seem so absurd.
Did you miss the reports that somewhere between 800K and 2.8 mill illegals did actually vote? I guess so.
@sharonb422 no it didn't
Russia hacked.So what?Refusing to consider possible illegal voting, you think it's a slam dunk. Can't know unless we investigate
This is what he is trying so hard for everyone to forget, his Russian ties.
Studied is as stupid does
And people doubt he's a genius.
Your @GOP wins by suppressing voters and gerrymandering. You need to CALL OUT the Republicans.
If we were going to ballot stuff... would we do it in CA where we knew Hillary would win? Makes zero sense.
You know @ananavarro I never thought we'd agree on anything. Thank you for being brave enough to speak out within your party.
Hello Ana,Tonight Trump called Putin. That guy kills journalists. I'm afraid Trump will lift sanctions next.
Their pattern is clear. This one is at (3) right now:

1. Lie
2. Deny the lie
3. Misdirect
4. Claim that things aren't knowable – at Stonegate Park
as I high and mighty. The MLK busy was removed, right? Lie. On&on,Media lies. Left lies. But no one else can...lol
and I haven't seen thing one about that on your station tonight
- STILL have no clue why no other Rep's are speaking of this besides you?? #BellLetsTalk
He is throwing out shiny objects to deflect our attention from his Russian ties and the fact that we have never seen his taxes.
-yep
what is really serious here is the group that support these alternative Facts that's what is serious
@TroyRyanXXX his daughter is registered in two states to vote is she part of that fraud investigation?
who does the investigation? We have entered fascism no independent investigations
are you autistic? The purpose of an investigation is to confirm/deny a possibility. Neither have been fully investigated yet.
Politicians saying classified CIA report delegitimizes Trump & in some countries be cause for do over. Whistleblower?
@Wary12 IMPEACHMENT NOW!
A deliberate tactic. Saw Trumpsters on TV news crying they're moving to Canada 'cause Hillary girls in hats pickin on
DT's vilifying press, controling flow of info & fixation w/ #alternativefacts by design threatens our democracy. Reps #complicit
@KerryBBN or voter suppression that DID happen
@hurleee he doesn't get to decide but who will stand up to him????!
@kackybaby928 So,the unwantingly racist media convinced him to be concerned about millions of illegal aliens voting-he believes.
Oh, but it did happen.
don't confuse hom with the facts, right? *sigh*
@donnalichtman all for the sake of ego. #unstable
I'm sorry but Trump is batshit crazy. I usually can do better than that but
not today.
@SLCKnight you can't Believe that the undocumented didn't vote, surly your not that naive Why do you think Obama flooded them in
the numbers may be off but they voted!
Keep holding their feet to the fire re:Russian hacking. You almost want me to become a Navarro Repub-almost
I want to make sooo many comments, but I'd be on a watch list sooo fast.
@andrewzimmern please stop. Russians didn't change votes they just exposed how corrupt the democrat party is deal with it
@TheRickWilson 2 Republicans that I'm so proud have not caved into Trump..... So many Never Trumpers are
I'm still waiting 4 the results in his #birtherism movement @realDonaldTrump
@bpshenk 
That's our new President Ana! Self serving narcissist!
Makes me sad we've come to this.
It is so wonderful to have an intelligent Republican voice out there. Good job and never back down .
You don't have to lie, Ana, the truth is on your side. Of course it happened, just not anywhere near the level alleged.
what about Russia his butt boy puttin??
@SuckMeter how do you know it didn't happen?
3-5 million? It's been refuted by EVERYBODY. It would be the biggest scandal in the history of this country.
obviously not to that magnitude, but you can't say it didn't happen at all
@ALISOGAL true!!!!!!!!!!!!
I’d love to see a thorough investigation of snowbirds or other part-time Floridians that vote in Florida and “back home.”
Me too. I have a sneaking suspicion my parents did this BS so they could vote in CT and FL. 
nice.
@BrianPaulStuart because we would find out he was part of it!
well if it turned out there was voter fraud he'd have to have another election and would lose so he doesn't want 1
purpose of his voter fraud bullshit is to take away/make more diff for the non Rep vote. And divert from Putin
clearly not working though
Except for the massive expense and distraction from the real scandals @suaviter9 @ananavarro
Deflect then Neglect. Pattern
@SueVG we need to stop this disgrace. He's completely incompetent and delusional!
Agree, what are the routes to oust him? Where are the lawyers?
http://law.stackexchange.com/questions/6774/can-the-president-be-removed-from-office-if-he-is-deemed-by-competent-authority …
What the hell is happening to our democracy? Does this feel positively insane to anyone else?
we are in deep shit!!! What can we do??? Quickly!!! That's all I want to hear...
It's all about daily contact with your Senators and Congress, signing the petitions making calls. Make noise. Lots.
Anna, were you surprised when Trump decided to keep FBI Director Comey to continue as the director of the FBI?
Cheaper to let us vote again.
If he thinks there was Fraud.

Let us vote again!
he would never do that
@KimKDelRey over it now 
I would LOVE to be over it but i can't. I'm worried about the future. My future.
I look forward and pray that is about all we can do now I have faith
I will do that too as well as speak up when I feel something is wrong.
I agree 
Where's proof that Russians interfered? I'm still waiting to see the evidence other than unsubstantiated reports.
Trump has acknowledge the Russians meddled in the electoral process. A quick search will confirm this for you.
if the Russians screwed around with the vote tally? Otherwise, the process worked and the Russians amount to being trolls.
Ana, you give Republicans a good name. What the hell?
because he was canoodling with them, that's why #riggedelection
This is a strange new world.
HE IS BATSHIT CRAZY!
Thanks for not being a hack and criticizing on obviously ethically-challenged administration
@Rosie Trump is using unverified Voter Fraud to deflect from being investigated for verified collusion with Russian in election.
@EPWVLaw Trump & that makes him the master of disaster & controversy!
I gotta say, you've won me over w/your stance on the orange jackass! Keep at him! #resist #notmypresident
she gets a bit to Republican at times but I enjoy her stance
Lie, Deflect & more Alternative Facts......
seriously, you are a progressive at heart. You need to join the Democrats. The republicans are not for the working people.
no body really cares.
@BiancaJagger then there's Trump's LIFE-LONG Mafia partners:

http://www.rawstory.com/2016/09/exposed-a-scary-list-of-donald-trumps-mob-ties-in-atlantic-city-and-new-york/ …

http://www.wsj.com/articles/donald-trump-dealt-with-a-series-of-people-who-had-mob-ties-1472736922 …
he wants to investigate what happen at the ballots. Russians didn't interfere with the ballot.
Of course, fact vs fiction, he continues to refer to he Pew report! It was published in 2012! So how does that support his claim
he is changing the subject, no one is talking about Russian interference now
#voterfraud  being hailed by our pres! But haults the #russianhacking into his followers BRAINS can stop! Geez he is nuts
he won't find any but will lie and say he did. He'll pay  people to admit they did. He's a liar/scam artist
well said! 
@1stGrumpydude I get the feeling the result of the investigation will be, "unprecedented voter fraud, period. " like inaug.
from a democrat in CT to a Republican in FL, keep it up girl! Your voice is one of the few straws of hope I am holding on to.
He only wants to investigate this because of Mara Liasson’s question. He feels challenged and emasculated.
@Rosie I am watching my country die...we are watching the establishment of a dictatorship
DEFLECT DENY DISPUTE AND DESTROY is what he plans to for 4 years. POOR DJT nobody likes him.We HAVE TO WATCH HIS EVERY MOVE.
Imagine and hope that "investigation" will uncover massive fraud that actually voted for him! What a joke it would be on him!
would give me a head ache but this all gives me a head ache: penis size, crowd size, vote margin ... #Presidential!
its about Voter Law. They are looking for a smoking gun to scare people into more restrictions.
can't we do both? just, you know, to at least give the appearance of fairness?
I love you Ana! You stick to your principles, unlike the conservatives that have sold out for a false sense of power under Trump
@TheJackColeman #DumpTrump #Resistence #donaldtrump #alternativefacts #impeachtrump #manchild #lies #resist #voterfraud
@AvaGaudet when u gave a guy on a news syndicate say last night he is illegal but has a social security number how is this
I can not say this enough he has gone full tinfoil.
Talk to your friends like Marco who are allowing * to get away with things like this. He could have held up Tillerson, but NOOO.
@Vangsness y is he gna spend billions on a LIE! He scares me. A wall! Banning immigrants! Most Americans r from immigrants! 
@EricMcCormack  TRUMP IS A LIAR AND A CON MAN THAT SHOULD BE THE STARTING POINT FOR THE MEDIA
Here's a good take on where reporters should aim their efforts. http://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/24/opinion/skip-the-white-house-press-briefings-and-focus-on-the-leaks.html?smprod=nytcore-ipad&smid=nytcore-ipad-share …
well you would think rep/dem would ask for that for the good of the country js
Trump is insane, mentally unfit! A clear & present danger to US. #StandUp2Trump #TheResistance #notmypresident
Evidence, please, Ana! If you are going to declare this, please provide a link or SOMETHING.
#novoterfraud
Lol you still spread that lie? All they had to do was donating money to the clinton foundation. Obama said to illegals to vote
CNN contributor, says me all I need to know about you. Keep lying, you're just digging yourself in further.
Our so called president is nothing but a traitor throwing up smoke to cover his crimes.
I'm not surprised.
what blows my mind is the CIA says Russia meddled, no body believes it. Trump says illegals voted and it happened!
I'm sure the results of HIS OWN investigation will support ONLY what he has been saying. It's a joke.
Alternative Presidency
he will also not investigate why his daughter was registered to vote in two states
didn't CNN get caught giving the questions for the Presidential Debate to Clinton but thats none of my business
, Mid week has shaped up to be strange and unsettling-A flurry of Ex Orders that the release of text delayed; gag orders includ
@rolandsmartin Left is certainly screaming "nothing here!" about illegal voters/non-citizens, but there is plenty of smoke.
Ya so what does that say, pretty obvious
hopefully while investigating #alternativefacts, the truth will emerge!
Sideshow to distract ppl from his abhorrent exec orders. We need to draw attn to ALL of it. #UnstablePOTUS Thnx @ananavarro !
I really like you now that you aren't defending GOP
Did not happen? says who. Research work done by election watch guru Bev Harris from http://BlackBoxVoting.org  for the truth!
OR voter obstruction/suppression that did happen. See NC,etc. this is a #smokescreen.
@banalretort Voter registration, that will stop all possible questions of fraud.
can we invest similar efforts to investigate Russian hacking?
We know USSR, N. Korea, Iran, and China hack, that has been known for years, nothing done. We need to stop it.
I agree with that.
Hopefully that is part of what HSS will be working to resolve/minimize. Each company/group needs to enable security
Sorry, correction, DHS.
or that his daughter and advisor were registered in multiple states! #resist
@filmystic Could someone ''over there' please cut Trumps strings, his arms haven't stopped, he looks like a maniac, scribbling!!
a diversion to cover up Russia & his tax returns ! Alternative  facts
It's a BS distraction. Keep your eyes on what else he is doing via executive order.
@Omundson. If there was illegal voting does that mean he was not winner? #justcurious
Ur a freakin joke. Out here in SoCal 1,000's of illegals voted. Try again Queen Fake News Ana
Coo Coo
How do you know that it did not happen? Not saying that it did, but it is very easy to do.
@realDonaldTrump   Navarro conveniently forgets Obama TELLS Illegals 2 GO VOTE your Credibility is ZERO
OBAMA ENCOURAGED 
ILLEGALS TO VOTE.
Yet Media Ain't Buying Trump's Fraud Claim 

…
it's all a smokescreen to hide the push for more voter suppression!
AMAN GIRL,  THATS BECAUSE THEY HAVE SOMETHING ON HIM! WHY WOULD RUSSIA WANT TRUMP TO WIN? THINK ABOUT THAT PLEASE PEOPLE!
yup..it's true..no words
Avoiding a Russian investigation= claiming the 5th
And you're so sure of your (faux) facts how? Crystal ball (upside down vodka bottle)? @RichardGrenell @KellyannePolls
Not to worry, Trumpski has his top man on it. This is just a smokescreen to stear people away from Russian influence, squirrel!

Anna keep up the good fight. You are my hero. You make me laugh when I want to cry.
The Repubs now gleeful but at what cost 2 our country? Are there any Repubs. left that 4 luv of country will say ENOUGH?
,he is trying to sidetrack the Russian story. He is a foolish and unwise man. His business skills is not related to tjisvstory!
@beartastic45 do you recall the recount in Detroit that uncovered more ballots than voters?
I really hope MSM continues to push these inconsistencies & keeps the Russian interference top of line until it's fully exposed
@laurawilde100 8 years of Obama country is divided and debt has doubled nothing else should have to be said wake up
US divided b/c of deplorables and their cheetoh pres choice People don't feel united when racists hate us
Let him do that. We all wanna know if widespread voter fraud ever existed!
You are my hero. What is wrong with the rest of your party?
Proof non citizens voted? Do some research. CCES, US Census and CIS among many have published proof of non citizens voting.
@ThorntonNiwot That's because it will show proof that the Russian interfered!
@OtherTerenceJ he's doing this to distract us from the Russian problem.
indeed.  The man is a Russian traitor but the Repubs don't have a spine to stand up to this bully.
GASLIGHTING!!!!!  Get used to it!!
instead of The Art of the Deal, he should have wrote The Art of Misdirection
*written
MSM says there is no evidence of voter fraud,  but there is. Plus that's what an investigation is for, compiling evidence.
sorry for the language. But this man is fucking insane.
why in hell is this unhinged wacko just getting away w Whatever!! are there NO checks balances f'n insane is right
making me loose all confidence in our govt.
@NormEisen Thank you Ana! 
of course it happened.Obamacare was passed by dumbass Democrats misunderstanding & misconceiving coverage-spending
Fake news clowns like you have destroyed media credibility. Live in LA and the illegals vote. Some dead rise and vote too.
it's just part of the tiny Trump propaganda machine taking control of his minions, tiny Trump is the modern day Hitler. 1984
@Rosie
it did happen, It happened in Virginia and other states Russia was investigated.  nothing you tweet is factual.
yeah.  What's with that...? Alternative facts in an alternative universe!!!
nor help the victims of the devastating tornados. Just shameful
@threesunrises seriously it's his first salvo in limiting voting rights of whoever is his target.
@JasminMuj Dems/ind. Repubs should use this opening: propose INDEPENDENT commission w. subpoena power to examine BOTH
#truth
its so obvious he is trying to deflect situation.  Lets look into manually counting all votes like some countries!
Deciphering the Trumpian slip: Every denial is a confession. THE MEDIA IS FAKE NEWS = I AM A COMPULSIVE LIAR.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2017/01/25/trump-seeks-major-investigation-into-unsupported-claims-of-voter-fraud/?postshare=1551485353229064&tid=ss_tw-bottom …
This is Bannon's doing - Prediction: "Results indicate a massive change in election process required...."
that's a great point. Bannon does have trump's ear and he's known for conspiracy theories @ananavarro @washingtonpost
Good point.
pretty much sums up trump
He's trying to distract us.
It's ironic Trump crapped his pants when Jill Stein wanted to recount three states results but now wants a major investigation.
yes he knows that happened he has proof from intelligence agency plus he asked them to do it
Smoke and mirrors, smoke and mirrors. He thinks he's so clever, but he's so dumb. #Blotus @maddow @JoyAnnReid @lawrence
Rosie, this is for the best that he signed this. You need a fucking job.
@MatthewGellert. You seem positive...prove it did NOT happen ? You do HAVE the proof to support your statement...right.?
What if he finds out he REALLY lost? What then?
@Rosie ...the dirtbag is spending tax payer money to pump air into his already over inflated head
This investigation is a waste of money, a diversionary tactic, then there will be a lie and change of true facts. Fraud.
@MidwesternMama2 three people DID register to vote in 2 states: Bannon, Mnuchin & Tiffany Trump. What's he gonna do about that?
u seem nervous, some ting ur not telling us about u or ur relatives.clean up ur own before u comment on others
This is classic smoke & mirrors!
HE'S ALL FAKE AND HIS DAUGHTER IVANKA WANTS US ALL TO GIVE HIM A CHANCE  HE'S A FUCKING DICTATOR. SHE'S BRAINWASHED
This country should continue with it's investigation on the Russian hacking not the investigation on undocumented immigrants.
Trump wants to send Feds into Chicago. Won't send Feds to aid Tornado victims. #priorities @ananavarro @ChadSewich
Shades of Hurricane Katrina all over again! Maybe#Drumph&Pence should do another PlayDoh handout like LA
we can control our side.  Only us citizens with a pulse can vote and can vote only once.
ACTUALLY. undocumented voting happens quite frequently. And ACTUALLY there's no proof that there was Russian interference.
@NicolleDWallace   You are truly lying if you believe huge numbers of illegals didn't vote in CA.  Give me a break!
@thelindsayellis Which group is typically non-white?
of course...another distraction from the truth. Feels like hes been in office for years.
Russian Agent. He was turned in 2011.
A proper investigation does not start with the answer & then find facts to support it. It should start with the facts.
@Wary12 He is doing the Total Distraction thing!
Honestly Trump rarely has any idea exactly what he's doing! Look at him, face always silly puzzeled look he's NUTS
@jongarysteele point of an investigation is to find out what happened
