We need an attorney general who will lead the way in reforming our broken criminal justice system. That is not Jeff Sessions.
We need an attorney general who will help fight for comprehensive immigration reform, not one of the most anti-immigrant senators.
For these reasons and more, Jeff Sessions should not become the next attorney general of the United States. I will cast a strong NO vote.
Trump wants to suppress voters so he has a chance again in 4 years.
it won't work. He is becoming the most hated man in the world.
. He is, but I make it a point to see what the other side is saying & plenty of them are still happy
. It's mind-blowing
I use to think they just weren't listening to Trump. I think they just were listening .
Can always tell Dump supporters by attacking personally.
we attack? How about liberal rioters? Liberals threatening true patriots?
when will you stop being a sore loser?
No one is a winner with that moron as president. This isn't a matter of losing, it's a matter of removing a dangerous man.
he is going to make America great sweety
That's cute, when exactly? Because all I see is straight up destruction to everything America stands for.
like what? We are getting jobs, lower taxes, fair trade, equality for all Americans. What more do you want?
Make America think again! The Nazis are destroying your democracy and you dream to get a job?
dude, you need to stop smoking that stuff. It really screws with your brain! Oh, too late.
You think Trump is making America 'great' and you want to question someone else's mental health?
Zip it!  You & your supporters helped bring this dangerous mess to, not only America, but the world! Your ego needed 2 be fed!
is this what Hillary told you to say? You lost all credibility after you bought a 600k 3rd home.
, I'm quite sure Senator Sessions was in favor of having those votes counted.
voter suppression? Sessions will be great at voter fraud and corruption within the DNC, Justice Dept and Obama Adm.
Bernie is afraid he's going down with Clinton's ship. He knows Sessions is going after all corruption.
haven't really seen any corruption from Bernie - just socialist BS! Actually he was railroaded by the DNC and H
we need an attorney general that knows the difference between marijuana and heroine.  This is not Jeff sessions.
As a resident of Alabama, I assure you Jeff Sessions isn't qualified to run an ant farm, much less serve as AG. #NoSessions
#PeacefulProtest - No School, No work, No Driving, No Public Transportation - Stay Home Wed Feb 8 and again Feb 20.
, please tell me which voters are being suppressed. Soldiers in Afghanistan whose votes weren't counted by Obama administration?
Amen if we couldn't trust him on the bench nothing has changed
we need to bring Beyoncé to show us her nipples
you were awesome againts Ted Cruz, CNN debate.
May it take a team of ruffians to drain the swamp and remove corruption as @realDonaldTrump promised?  We're watching/waiting.
not to mention one who has not shown racist tendencies.
LOL- "racist tendencies..." The guy is full blown racist. Don't be so PC. 
how do you figure he is racist. He has tons of black friends. Do you watch tv at all? Ask Kanye.
go away
Umm u had the primary stolen from you..but that is okay?!!?  So hypocritical.
$$ talks. He should be PISSED at what DNC did to him. Instead, paid off to keep lying to democrats
Exactly such a shame.   And his persona while campaigning was that he was a man with principles.  Guess not?
@Mland444 ...definitely NOT!!!!!!
We need to fix voter suppression, gerrymandering & CROSSCHECK done by GOP if the DEMS will ever win another election!
how about an attorney general who will fight against voter FRAUD? I had some hope 4 u, Bernie...that's gone. U are a puppet!
How about an AG who will lead the fight against voter fraud.  Something the Dem's seem to be skilled at doing.
. Really not him but my question is if we know all these people are bad why do they keep getting pushed forward
keep going Sir
what this country needs, the democrats or republicans have ignored for decades.
It is "Voter Suppression"to not @TrueTheVote for @POTUS with strict & verifiable requirements on who is voting. #NationalVoterID
shut up sell out
as a conservative minority, I carry an ID and a majority of minorities carry IDs.
If only #Bernie was this vocal after his primary was rigged.
You just need to shut the hell up !!! Don't you have a riot to organize ???
you mean more illegals voting for you guys. Every country except the US requires an ID to vote.
Says the guy who could have been President if not for voter fraud and other Dem cheating.

Magnanimous or naive?
like how @HillaryClinton and the @DNC suppressed the Bernie supporters?
how's your DNC sponsored vacation home? Not bad for a so called public servant? Maybe you'll start your own Clinton foundation
sure as shut its not your socialist party. How's Free going in Vermont.  Seems they Cut off all state aid to students.
nobodies vote is being suppressed evn death folks vote. We should show ID. Everyone can get an id.
<The Senator with no accomplishments stands alone now.  Funny.
UR MIND IS ADRIFT MUST BE THAT KNOCK OUT BLOW HRC DELIVERED FROM ( LEFT FIELD ) LOLOLOL
it's not YOU either.
Vote no to Sessions
why don't you raise hell about how they (Hillary) screwed you? You were my choice, not her, yet you still back the stabber. Humm
@IndivisibleJava  I love you Bernie, keep fighting the good fight.
i agree but why did Rex Tillerson get his position , why
Thats right!
Feel the Bern!
. Pres. Trump is the President, Jeff Sessions is going to be (a great) AG, get over it.
will be fight candidates who don't call for an open roll call at their conventions? Why'd you lay down Bernie 
@robhuebel the best rivalry cheers tend to be the simplest, was there any debate on this election being about high school alums
As in, suppressing the vote of dead people, non-citizens and those voting early and often?
lol did you expect more tho
we need help in Oregon! Governor Brown is bullying Oregonians, much like @realDonaldTrump, alas the other end of the spectrum.
finally..

FULL AGREEMENT!!  
Important-is he ready to make back room deals with the Clintons on remote landing strips?  You had no problem with Loretta Lynch
more like Jeff SUPRESSIONS amirite?  Anyone?
yes Bernie show Democrats what it is like to have a backbone.
how is the house that Hillary bought you?  You sold out your own people. You gave in.  Your own party didn't want you
you mean like the ones who made sure you didn't win the Democrats primary? Lmao 
I’m of the opinion that if Trump chose ‘em we oppose ‘em.  Thank you Senator Sanders.
voter suppression is fake news!
@pam_999 thank you Bernie
like that
We need a populace that can count to eleven without taking a shoe off
...bernie how do you get voter suppression after the numbers in the last election.  more political double talk...
again, Senator, you are off the mark. Illegal voting IS voter suppression. What are you people afraid of??? Hmmmm.
Go home and help your state drug ridden, homes falling down
what we needed was a leader who would save us from what we're left with which is civil war.
lmao everybody that got sold out by you is still on your side. See how brainwashed America is. SOCIALISM is not the way!!!
I knew the day Hillary announced her running mate, this day would come. Maybe the biggest test of our Democracy ever...#resist
you lost crazy Bernie "sit down "
Tillerman got in Sen Sanders!!! he's worse than Sessions. I wonder if you guys can do anything as minority to help
@SenatorSessions is the poster child of voter suppression and anti-civil rights movements. #StopSessions
@CNN need someone to start impeachment proceedings, HOW ABOUT YOU SENATOR - YOU are one of the main reasons for this horror show
I ask you. how can you show voter suppression? Where is the proof?  I'm sure you agree that is should be secure from fraud?
You sold your soul to the devil. I flown upon that.
so WITHHOLD CONSENT AND STOP ALL BUSINESS FROM BEING VOTED ON. Man, can't believe I'm now resorting to using all caps:(
in 8 years and two elections. Tell what President Obama did to suppress voter fraud?
you brag Hillary's winning most popular votes, but charge republicans suppress the vote. Pick one not both ways.
I love you but telling us what you're doing will be more effective than your proclamations, however true.
Bernie give it up.  By 2020 you'll be in an old folks home being spoon feed soft serve.  Your political career Is over...
STOP ALL FURTHER CABINET APPOINTMENTS AND IMPEACH TRUMP FOR MALFEASANCE IN OFFICE.
What about the war on drugs? How about an attorney general who will aid in its repeal?
Put country before party. Vote NO! Oppose Trump Bannon!
- What we need is a "President!"
when you realize that the more people vote,  the more trump wins 
There is now evidence of Voter Fraud in Texas. Illegals voting.
NO IT IS NOT SENATOR! Thank you for speaking out on my behalf.
True &we need senators to tell the truth about election fraud by DNC.Did u approve of Lynch who failed & conspired w/criminals?
-why did obama's AG not do a thing about it?
Jeff aession's main goal is to secure the next presidential election..Hence voters supression...
We also need one that will fight election rigging!
Agreed. Need independent review of Comey conduct, Russian contacts & POTUS' ethics failures as well as opposing Bannon bigotry
keep up the good work you have Americans attention

smiling faces tell lies, he can't be trusted.
y'all know he putting those coordinance into actions.
his mine is not fit for the job, he thinks its personal. This is serious he is I'll !!!! His behavior weakens the U.S.
we need someone that is going to remove these threats from our country RIGHT NOW.
so sad we are not able to stop his confirmation
Thank you for fighting for #justice #EqualityForAll and #humanrights
/ That and a few million other things
VOTE NO TO #Sessions introduced Russian  plant Carter Page to Trump Campaign. #coup
because you know if voter roles are cleaned up and ID is required, Dems cheating is finished and so is the party.
@beemeander If you hadn't bad mouthed Hillary & turned your fools against her, this wouldn't be a situation. Shame on you!
If the DNC wouldn't have fucked over Bernie we wouldn't be in this situation.
Votes count! Pep rally's are fun but have to show up to VOTE & he lost primary bc less votes.
he tried to cheat by hacking too! Desperate ppl do desperate things, needed to preach abt vote
he has been leading the charge for voter suppression
everyone should b able 2 vote .
Not Bernie either. He sold his soul to the devil.  He submitted. Lost his voice.
@BoingBoing The last 4 months of HRC race against Bernie cost Dems 2.1 million raw votes. That was that. Sessions is the new AG.
You mean like how the @DNC supressed dems for voting for you!  Even Sessions couldn't help u there stupid!
correct
Let's get real. 1/3 of America has always needed people like Jeff Sessions, and will stop at nothing to get them.
We need a vermont senator who doesn't make a career out of lying and personal destruction of good men like Jeff Sessions.
Time to get radical Bern! We dont have the luxury of being civil anymore.
They have taken over Bernie and no one is coming to help us.  I hate being a downer but I have no hope left.
yup.
@jeffsessions is nothing more than a hillbilly racist
Thank you for standing up Bernie!  Please don't give up!
and what are you doing to organize the fight against his approval?
@WoobieTuesday? Voting? Optional part B federal ballot? 300 published ballot questions? 15 of 20?Qualify for Lottery? NASA 
I totally agree with you on that.
@doctorow Instead, this bigot will lead the fight for voter suppression.
is only one vote for the living and three for the dead suppression?
He lead the sneaky underhanded movement to remove voter protections.
YES BLOCK SESSIONS!!! INVESTIGATE FOR RUSSIAN TIES. #CarterPage #Sessions #PUTINSPUPPETS #Treasonnext #TrumpLeaks
it's easy. Be a citizen & you can vote.
tell McCain to vote No on DeVos.
Like Gorsuch who thinks of corporations as "people," Sessions thinks minorities are all criminals.  Wrong thinking.
Sessions would escalate the dangerous trends we r witnessing #MakeAmericaSmartAgain #TheResistance
Go Bernie!
...so what you are REALLY saying is that "people of color are just to stupid to get legal ID" and only white people are smart?
The worst vote suppressor of all is neither a person nor a policy; it's called #apathy.
Jeff Sessions stops blacks at the polls!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
How about all of the Democrat fraudulent voters? @realDonaldTrump
Wrong Bernie!!!
AG is not to be an activist
shut up sit down it's over
What evidence do you have of voter suppression?
We had one but Trump fired her!
I'm with ya, Bernie
JEFF SESSIONS IS AWESOME!
Yes we need that but we won't get it for 4 years.  Fight the real fight and impeach Trump!
What #USA "needed" was a candidate w/a backbone willing to confront the #DNC Primary Rigging Policy that deprived you nomination
oh bullshit
no, he certainly isn't
you bent the knee to clinton and let your supporter's down disappointed u didn't fight for it and call out the obvious fix
Boy that's for sure He has been an advocate of bigotry and hate for decades in the senate
What suppression?
There is no such thing as voter suppression. Do you really think so low of minorities that they aren't capable of getting an ID?

AMEN
Please do not re-tweet Bernie - He contributed mightily to Trump being elected
Not a bernie fan but the worst canidates of all time contributed to it Bernie would have most likely won
We know, Bernie - now what are you doing about it other than prophecizing?
We need a congress that compliments the president not bend the rules to get their own agendas to the forefront. Yet here we are
please urgently your colleagues to vote no.
no we need an AG who will uphold the law and fight for fair elections by only those allowed to vote under law
