Ok. How about antifa and BLM then?  The hypocrisy is strong with all of you
Such a piss poor talking point. These  are  nazis 

Now both ISIS and Nazi's use cars to kill innocents
All of your talking points are beyond piss poor and don't in anyway represent reality
Glad to know you endorse nazis
lol wow you guys are beyond ridiculous.  So you support Antifa and BLM violence then too? I condemn them all, period.  How you doing?
I don't condemn BLM. A protest group arisen out of disproportionate violence by police against AA. Why condemn?
I'm not unaware that some of people out there were in it just for the chaos. But BLM is a movement spawned out of equality. What's nazism?
lol wow man, seriously keep this up.  It is helping make america great again, seriously thank you for being you and helping Trump 2020
Yes, stupid blame it on fanatics. It was your decision to be insubordinate,  not them. You prove you are even more irresponsible. Stand up and take responsibility you moron.html
Nice straw man.
@SallyQYates Will You please consider running for higher office. I know that all in #TheResistance will support you. Sincerely 
Sadly it seems, it is now who we are as a country. Thank you for your service, Ms. Yates.  I admire your intelligence, integrity & tenacity
Why aren’t you behind bars for sedition.
So, simple solution; ban the fascist DNC, which combines all three.
Run for office!!!
Amen.
KKK was out of the Democrat Party baby.  I know you know that.

Where have all our decent public servants gone.
They were fired by IQ45 for being decent.
Oooo, nice 
And a true statement, not an opinion.  That's what is sad.  People who upheld their oath to this country were unjustly terminated. 
No Sally, it's exactly who we are, it's just that up to now, it was all externalized, now we are internalizing it.
Sadly that's what my daughter, an attorney for the ACLU, says. I'm an optimist but she says his voters in the millions wanted this. 
Thank you!
Sessions must investigate this as an act of domestic terrorism.
We must reject hatred.
White supremacy has no place in America.
Sessions is one of them.Trump surrounded himself and his Klan with protection.All his appointeees are in question.
Truth. 
Smh
They are all complicit & they have blood in their hands.
Yeah...sad statement to have to make.And so many blind to it.I saw it coming,others saw it coming;why do others refuse to see it?
Same here
in 2012 when 45 started spewing birthing poison, in 2015 when he started his hate campaign I thought nobody would vote for hatred
I thought Americans were smarter;then I heard so many say they wouldn't vote for Hillary either and knew that would give him an edge.So
many don't understand what happens when the votes go three ways instead of 2.The leader will lose their edge.And we got the racist/fascist.
A 3rd party vote is a wasted, throw away vote. You might as well sit out the election.

A Republican who condemns 'obvious' racism (terrorism) IS NOT morally absolved if they still support 'subtle' racism (voter suppression).
Yates 2020

Thank goodness for @SallyQYates and @waltshaub today. Both have said what @potus should have.
Even Marco Rubio *shivers* said what potus should have.
2017: The year I agreed with something Marco Rubio said.
To little too late Rubio is a puke
...well stated! Hoo-Ha...
It is what it has always been if you are not white. Let's stand up to it for once.
THANK YOU!
You really think your tweet would make a bit of difference! Thanks for giving your thoughts and doing nothing positive to progress. <140
Amen to that.
I'm sorry Sally, but racist crossed the Atlantic w/the expulsion of King George's vagrants & criminals! They murdered & stole, they still do
Yaaaasss, Sally!
Yes  ma'am.
Gurl you need to run for something! ANYTHING!
Time to run in 2020 Sally run, run, run, run, 4 the highest office in the land.
Well l love the sentiment but right now it is who we are.
45 will not say it. Those are his people. His 33% base. Sad & deplorable.
IF we are a country deserving of the American lives sacrificed during WWII, we will clear our WH of criminals and our Senate of accessories.
As usual, you nailed it!
Robert Byrd was hillary's mentor and life long friend. Facts! #MAGA @WhiteHouse @seanhannity
He was voted into office by these people, so they apparently exist in sufficient numbers in the USA. Maybe it is who "we" are. #thisisnotus
Hillary left in t top of ninth thinking it was a wrap. Trump had no shot. We went t sleep & woke up to a nightmare. Life has no undo button
He doesn't have the character of 140 spaces ...
I would love it if that were exactly 140 characters, but I'm not counting them. Did that for a while. I also tried Haikus. Condemn all Nazis
Did you say the same about BLM? #Justcurious
https://youtu.be/5ktJOw4KMB4  watch this it's a domestic terrorist attack in ashamed to be a Virginian
In honor of all who fought against racism, hatred we take up your struggle. 

All those who sacrificed for our freedom did not die in vain.
But he cannot even say that.....he just doesn't feel empathy...he has to bring up his "successes" EVEN in the midst of this tragedy.....
you forgot Antifa.
Thank you, @SallyQYates .
But our current president has *no* character.
You are correct but your President is making fools of the Ppl of USA. He has done more damage in 200 days that others have done in 100 yrs

You said it in 140 characters...why couldn't #NotMyPresident say it without restrictions????
I agree wholeheartedly
Let my argument with on premises of the Constitution. Apply all elements of each Amendment beginning with the 1st Amendment in question.!@?"
The POWER of PETITION is supposed to save us from CIVIL RIOTD all of the drama in public venues. Highest constitutional premise HARM NO ONE.
The Nazi's are are know for the violent crimes as is M-13. 
Their group manifesto's is pledged to overthrough AMERICA: they are Tresonist.
The KKK is a white supremisist that are guilty of unsolved violent crimes against everyone's American civil and human rights:also treasonist
The third party the Confederates are protected by historical monuments LAW from destruction. State's monuments
Confederate flags #FreeSpeech
what is a historical monument law? And what does it have to so with intentionally driving into people?
I think if we are looking at who to prosecute and how to prosecute in this case and others is to realize there were three factions involved.
Or, not who we should be.
Canadian here. Sally - well said.
Why is it legal to brandish a nazi swastika in the US?
Your country voted Trump into office, so clearly you are in denial. You are a country of hate and arogance. It's proven every day.
Boom.
The poison spewed by Nazis, white supremacists, and the KKK is not who we are as a country. Takes less than 140 characters to say it.
Quit trying to deflect from the fact that you and the Obama Administration are being investigated for high crimes against the people of the USA.

#MySoulNotForSale #NoMooreScrewJobs
All of which are the Democrat party. #FactsFirst
Can you say Prison for Sally?
By Nazis, do you mean the SDNY in particular or do you consider them more the Gestapo Jack-Boots and Obama's DOJ/FBI nest of felons to be the true NAZIs

Sally,

1. Find an office
2. Run for it

#ThatIsAll
#WellDoTheRest
#TheResistance
Trump is their leader! These are his cronies!
You’re right sadly the MSM gives these horrible ppl a voice. It is not who we are  nor is it who the President is.
Tu quoque. PS. You guys staged this
You forgot BLM, black panthers, antifa, etc
Once you understand that liberalism is a mental disorder, Sally Yates starts making sense! The poison from the divisive left will be Americas downfall!
KKK history teach us they were Democrats! There r no Nazi's not in todays age Wannabees & Neo Nazis which is different white supremacy is about the only thing u may have gotten right!
Thank you for being you!
hyperventilating and blowing white supremacy way way out of proportion much??   volunteering is great for the UNEMPLOYED (if they dont know who you are)
Yep sounds like the words the left uses to describe anyone that don't agree with them. Explained in under 100 characters!
Take a stroll down the demokkkrats history. If you don’t see the pattern that you’re a horrible FBI agent
The US is becoming Germany, 1933. We can't let it go further, but I fear it will with the GOP controlled Congress enabling the Despot in Chief.
I’m sure you’d throw me (Deplorable) in your hateful description of Patriots. Democrats eyes are open now, they know who the white supremacy are, they all lie within the Democrat Party. Are you going to deny that too? It’s written in history @DineshDSouza @realDonaldTrump 
Sadly, I fear this IS who we are as a Country.
We're not. We are better than this.
I will try to believe that again tomorrow. Today, I just can't.
I feel you. Today was bad. For so many reasons. I’ll try to believe in the country with you tomorrow.
Paris- I'm sorry for your bad day. I like to remind myself that there is good out there too. We will find it. Hugs to you. 
Yes we will, let’s try tomorrow again. 
 for you - worth the watch.
What ''we'' say , the common ( normal ) people ;
It still stuns me that a late-night host is making statements like this about the President of the United States 
But it takes forever for his brain to process it
Yesterday's horrific domestic terrorist attack is the most well documented domestic terror attack ever, thanks to thousands of cameras.
it is racism.  not terrorism and it's disgusting.
Trump was force to come out today if he wasn't he would have said something on Saturday and he didn't. That's how I see it!
Or ANTIFA or BLM they too r extremist All r loud squeaky wheels. Not the norm. The norm sit back and shake our heads
You forgot ANTIFA!
Thank you for doing so. And for showing true leadership when it is so sorely needed.
Sadly though actions speak louder than words, and all the rest of the world sees is your president condoning fascism.

We as a people, are taught and learn to hate other races, cultures and other groups.
Unfortunately it is who we are.
Also takes less than 140 characters to resign the office of president.
please educate people that silence IS support, ignoring IS ignorance
This nation was founded on genocide and slavery. There is no recovering from that.
Maybe not, but couldn't we at least try?
I'd rather tear it down and start it over again. After a certain point you should cut your losses when its bad enough.
Does that mean tearing down gains? What do you think of Obama? You sound like Bannon.
gains? What are those? I'm talking about how just about anything that could be called American infrastructure needs replacing.
The government runs on an outdated system, computer systems are a joke, roads are in need of constant repair because cities are built wrong.
The culture needs to be replaced entirely, the power grid runs on obsolete technology, cars need to be made electric, it all has to go.
You can only build a building so tall when the ground its made on is unstable.
agreed
Say it !!!! Donald J Trump is a MURDERER by way of #VicariousLiability for his persistent rhetoric fomenting of violence
But @realDonaldTrump just can't & won't say it. Why? Coz he's the white supremacist in chief & the bigot in chief! 
Well, "fewer" actually but I'm sure you're right otherwise.
However, it's taken roughly 150 years for your party to denounce your history of harboring these horrid groups.
Yeah, just 60 million of us...
You are a patriot!  Please consider serving our nation as President. You are the best of our country's leadership!
Yet we put Trump in office? Actions speak louder than words. He’s not impeached yet?
Yes it is.  read a history book.
Unfortunately it is "who we are" by many measures. Doesn't mean that's "good" but white supremacy/nationalism has been intertwined since
the first European invaders slaughtered and enslaved and robbed the first indigenous people they encountered
How do u know there all nazis etc where's your proof and the mother of the perpetrator being surrounded by "reporters" dumbfounded!!!!
Fewer, as DJT likes to be called in private.
I like it. Perfectly said.
Although your choice in president and current political stance seams to be antagonistic to that statement.
Thank you Sally Yates, your missed...
No but it's a fraction of our country
A. Food Stamp Church looking for indentured servitude slaves. the subtly of not paying taxes, the frame of superiority pay for play politics
Don't expect the Twidiot to speak ill of his deplorable core support. Won't happen. All he has left.
The KKK was founded in 1865. It has been a part of the US for 150 years. If it's not who you are why is it still around?
You say its not who we are, yet people will use this as ammo to attack half the country as well. Double-Standards are what we are it seems.
You speak exactly like a #Nazi who supports #AntifaTerroristOrganization. You know, the violent, rioting cowards who beat crapoutofothers.
It's who the democrats are
So they should be silenced? We as a country are very diverse. 140 characters and one person does not cover it all .
4. So maybe some can say "this is not who we should be in the future," but the poison is who you are as a country domestically and abroad.
This country was founded on brutal slave labor and genocide, which inspired the Nazi movement. It is and always had been us.
- Thank you Sally Yates!
The results of the 2016 Presidential election say otherwise. 
As in, "USA will fight racism & terrorism of all types with FIRE and FURY."
READ GHIS DRUMPF 
Thank you
See how easy it is @realDonaldTrump I'll make it even easier for you simply hit RT
I denounce White Supremacy and am proud to say it. You don't need to be Muslim to be a terrorist! Hatred against a race or belief is racist!
There is fear they will win with support at highest level. There is fear democracy erodes & dictatorship begins. There's fear. Can we hope?
Thank you for this.
I Prefer #45 tweet this. Also under 140 characters. Just needs to change the name & date
Yet you did nothing during your tenure. Go away into obscurity
You misspelled were.
u obviously r oblivious to what actually happened in #Charlottesville! Have u not seen the videos of BLM and Antifa attacking!
"white supremacists" is not "white nationalists"
Thank you!!!
Yea, but it's not like we should be lifting up ANTIFA just because we also hate the Nazis. Fuck em both.
Yes, but when it's your base spewing the poison you don't want to say anything
We still have hope as long as we have people of integrity like Ms. Yates. 
It's unfortunate the  #LiarInChief @realDonaldTrump can't say it. Of course he has #zerocredibility anyway so very few would believe him.
Thank you!
Sally my hero all day everyday
Do you condemn the burning and destruction the anarchist do to my city in Oregon? Hypocrisy!!!
I condemn violence in all its form. While you're talking poison being spewed, you forgot to mention ANTIFA, BLM et al.. Are they included?
Yes but @realDonaldTrump doesn't have the strength of character to say it or tweet it.
YOU WANT JEWISH NAZI POISON?
Hate Speeches by Jewish/Israeli Officials against Palestinians since 1940
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/hate-speeches-jewishisraeli-officials-against-since-1940-barres …  i
And the Hater-in-Chief continues to lead the charge of the white brigade.
Neither are we the poison spewed by Black Lives Matter.
Isn't it? How did Donald receive so many votes then? Methinks too many white folks are in deep denial.
Ok
Exactly
Mrs Yates we need your strength in knowledge (Law) and the character that luminates from you•Consider running for the highest office•
Can you claim to be land of the free and the home of the brave when a fellow citizen is murdered because she disagrees with your opinion?
You and your buddy Obama need to crawl back into the hole you came out of..
#HatefulLiberals
They do this because they fail to understand that  LOVE EXALTS but HATE DIMINISHES.
Trump won’t. He embarrassed them.
Thank you for all / you have and will do for our Democracy#TheResistance
Agreed.  Also, poison, hate and violence by Black Lives Matter and Antifa must be condemned.
If you can't tell the difference between Black Lives Matter and white supremacists,Nazis and bigots, the screw in your brain is loose.
I see you didn't mention Antifa.  They must be ok in your eyes.
Agreed. We all should denounce the KKK and white supremacists.
same to be said for ANTIFA, BLM, and all of the left wing too.
Our policies re: Indigenous relocation inspired Hitler. Stop perpetuating racism by whitewashing history. That's how we got here. #ItIsUs
I've been saying for a long time these white supremacists groups should be labeled as terrorists.
He's just pissed he lost the election when he ran... but it just goes to show how many people really support that BS... they are a minority
If a Muslim man had been driving that car that rammed the crowd, imagine the headlines & he may get off with a second degree murder charge
A signal needs to be sent that we won't tolerate this, to let him get off lightly would be a disgrace...
America elected Donald Trump president. Bannon, Miller & Gorka advise him.

So long as that is the case, this IS who we are as a country.
Agreed, @SallyqYates I wish you were still in office. Your a voice of reason in a country with the worst, idiotic, insane @POTUS in history.
KKKumquat Twat is mentored by his mayhem creator Steve Bannon. Bannon enjoyed himself yesterday smiling with a 1/2 gallon bottle of liquor
Nor are we a country that should tolerate extremists on the left.
You know when they run out of statues, they will start desecrating confederate graves. Anything to cause white southern people to react.
Yes it is, Sally, and we have to own it before we can fix it.
1. Listen to voices of PoC: yes, it is who the American white majority have been for your whole history. Denial blocks change.
but it is what Trump is as a 'human', & what he wants for Our country
It has been who we are for 100s of years. That poison goes underground, but we've never eradicated it. Our country was founded with slavery.
Remove him. All of you know how. Help us.
Unfortunately, you're wrong. It has always been who we are. It is not who we should want to be.
Except apparently it *is* our country. This is all real, and it is all happening.
She wasn't completely wrong though. Unlike some folks she took the gloves off and called them what they are. Neo-Nazis.
