#songbird
The ACA is terrible legislation that economists predict will ultimately fail. Kimmel is an idiot, as is John McCain.
THANK YOU Jimmy Kimmel for pretending you know anything at all about the real world ... dont' you have JUGGIES to exploit?
JM is a hero, but also a national treasure.
dude you are such fuckstain.
McCain nevercwas a hero - Fakevreprting again Kimmellll
You need to read a true story about his actions while being held in captivity during the Viet Nam War.  This man is no hero.
I agree ! Thanks John for voting on the #TaxBill !!  Suck it all you #TaxScamBill #TrumpTaxScam obstructionist.
You know that the world has gone completely on tilt when Sen. John McCain is one true hero in the situation again, and again, and again.
Jimmy kümmel is not worth the powder to blow to hell
Rand Paul is the real hero, tells the truth. Obamacare was built on lies, house of sand, accelerates dollar crash and fatal fall of U.S.
Jail
They are using their voices for the people   Please excuse the word jail up there. Not sure why that's there.

Please support my GoFundMe campaign: https://www.gofundme.com/saving-grumpy?pc=tw_co_cardshare_a&rcid=dc1d47b4313e4f7e9ae9b741f9c93aae … @gofundme 
PERV  ! !
Well, you know that Old saying, “One man’s trash is another man’s treasure”.
Stick to what you do best - weak comedy.
@SenJohnMcCain senjohis the most corrupt pos in congress. Jimmy please.
Hey vulgar mouth. Don’t you know the proper USA flag.  Your communists are all alike
Hero? When was that? Tell me bout the first time!? Bahahaha!
A hero my ass he is a Traitor just ask any  other POW how he sold them out. Your libturd bullshit needs to stop learn the facts
McCain never was a http://hero.like  you,he is a pussy.
USA "MUST PASS LAW" if u don't have ACA, u do have armed security protect u, u cant not LIE that ACA is great, and guns r bad. #jimmykimmel
How is it 'a hero' when you spend your time in captivity convincing prisoners to sell out their country?  YES! That's what he was doing!
One of the Keating Five.  God bless you!
Jimmy...you mean thank you, John for being a Lib!! Cuz he sure isn't a Conservative!
Funny how they love McCain now but vilified him and wouldn't vote for him when he ran for POTUS...once a hypocrite always a hypocrite
I'm a lifelong democrat but actually considered voting for him until he named looney Sarah Palin as his running mate. Good man
McCain lives to fight another day because of the protections offered by Obamacare.
HOW  did johns cancer make jimmy an idiot too????
You suck Jimmy.
He supported the war in iraq. Over a million deaths so McCain can ejaculate.
Jimmy we need your help again. Washington allowed CHIPS to expire. 9,000,000 children have lost healthcare due to Washington not caring. 
Ha ha
Here comes the abusive bitch 
You're a Hero for millions of people.  A Real Nice Guy!
With you Jimmey and all your ideas of this administration .
The new Health Care Pimp!
You got that right!   This man disgusts me
I still have problems with him trying to sell off native land in Arizona but I'm glad he's doing some good #OakFlats
I used to like your show Jimmy.
you ignore mccain's TRUE actions while in the military. you need to talk to people who were THERE with him
A real #AmericanHero!
Thanks @SenJohnMcCain for Forcing millions to stay on Obamacare-Making Sure their Kids can never be treated at the hospital Kimmel took his
Awe don't blame @SenJohnMcCain  Because your dear supreme leader trump is ineffective and not even conservative lmfao
Says the brainwashed drone who doesn't get it.No Politician is our friend-it's about individual liberty and adhering to our constitution
Lmfao  stay bitter because Obama was the best president you've ever had
Love it. Your jokes just get better and better.
Hes a Traitor and a hero for the Democrats
Mr too!
Quack
Democratic hack with no independant thought. Lay off the booze.
Leave it to a loser like kimmel to thank war criminal McCain. Yes he made videos for viet cong. Karma McCain.
Bye Bye mccain, your elevator is going down soon. YESSSS.  #VETERAN
PUPPETS
Is that why you voted for McCancerbrain in 2008, because he's such a effin' hero?
POS'
yeah, songbird is quite a patriot----to the elitist globalist!!!!!
@TrachMommas  thanks you for helping us protect our children!!
.@SenJohnMcCain, Thanks for continuing the hiking of my premium triple and for the $10,000 deductible!
And you, kimmel, ignorant, again and again and now AGAIN!!
You don't have a clue kimmel, mccain is nothing but a turncoat tratior. Songbird a hero my ass
Get your head out of the sand. Navy unsealed McCain's records, he caused deaths of hundred of sailors & pilots. McCain no hero!
And again and again and again and again. Yeah, we get it. #GlobalistShill
he's a traitor #wecantaffordobumnercare
Kimmel talm to chuck SCHUMER about doing something. Something.
Hey Kimmel, you may want to ask the Survivors of the USS Forrestal how they feel about him. 143 dead.
REALLY? So why is he silent when our country is under attack by inside Forces?
thank you @jimmykimmel FOR being hilarious as usual ! NOT
You're a jerk Jim
. Maybe you can afford obummer care but most of us cannot
MCCAIN HAD HUNDREDS OF AMERICANS MURDERED JUST TO SAVE HIS OWN A$$.YOU PEOPLE HAVE SICK IDEAS OF HEROES.
John McCain is no hero. He's been coasting on the fumes of his POW experience for decades.
What a hero? A children killer brutal murder of women
How is he ever been a hero?? He got shot down, broke his legs, and was a pow?? Doesn’t sound like a hero to me!
We are faced with “coverage” that only covers 60% of the cost after huge deductibles. I can’t use it except as a last resort.
And you gor being an informed liberal idiot..
John is a hero for all the asses on the left.  Bet he has good healthcare Jimmy, and you pay for it sucker

the biggest traitor to the American people, especially the people of Arizona whose premiums are up 116%! 
So you're fine with Trump mocking disabled veteran. What kind of vile creature are you?
that fucking turncoat never was a hero
Jimmy Schumer Kimble you're celebrating way too early
Is there supposed to be a joke in the way you say the name?
Let me help you out Jimmy crying Schumer Kimball and that's no joke
I live in AZ my house is $1000 and insurance is $700 .i  make $2000. Thanks McPain
-if he is such a hero why isn't he standing up for our flag and our country
Is this same republican who ran against Obama who was hated and raked against the coals?
Yes it is
OMG, McCain is a perennial rino.  Even his kids hate him.  Glioblastoma likes him a lot.  Good.  Bye John.
And thank both of you for being traitors again and again and now AGAIN. Hope you both burn in Hades. UnAmericans
Displaying your son on national tv for ratings, interesting. NO Government should pay for healthcare. You want it go to Canada
That's how he survived the Hanoi Hilton. Hard to survive that without a giant set of balls. Something are Pretender and chief wouldn't know
@SenJohnMcCain  is hardly a hero, he was a drunken sailor that turned his back on America then and again and again and now again...
I suppose he is a hero to backstabbing freedom hating globalized socialist liberals.
Hero, he needs o pull his head out of his ass, and explain what is going on in that head of his.
How stupid can two men be? Is it deliberate or just stupid. I had insur. all my life now that I need it NO.
You are an idiot Kimmel! So done watching you..... many people in real America are .... you are so clueless !

surely you are not for real! John McCain,a hero?
Well you taking on the premium payments for all those who can no longer afford their ACA us really most admirable of all!! Thank you!!
"hero" ? more like whimp and trai
McCain can't die soon enough!!
He was never a hero
Song Bird is no Hero! Get facts before posting falsehoods!
Jimmy - Thank you for using your power for the good of all Americans.  
FACT CHECK! He's never been a hero. Getting shot down, captured and held prisoner doesn't make you a hero.
time to die
his track record is that he is a coward and caused many deaths
I would never watch Kimmel he is BAD
Jimmy believes Benedict Arnold was a hero.... Right snowflake boy...
some hero LOL
JIMMY, Too bad that "All your money" cannot cure your Son. I will Pray for him.
You might want to mention a few Democrats who actually passed the law in the first place. Thanks for your work on this issue.
.@jimmykimmel @SenJohnMcCain  Hero to you as an individual. Not to people he killed and maimed on Forrestal. Are you enrolled in ACA?
is a zero never was a hero. Him and his father both are traitors to #WeThePeople and America.
maybe one of you two rich clowns could pay my $2700 penalty for not being able to afford healthcare....
Now you know DAMN WELL that your son will NEVER have OBAMA CARE. So I'm not sure why you're all over it like it's going to affect you. Smdh!
Sorry, Jimmy, he isn't now, nor has he EVER been a hero!  Especially since you and the left are rooting for him!
Thank you Jimmy for helping us win the fight to save our children's lives
Thank you to the Senators who choose to fight for us over their party
Make Obamacare better for all, not worse for some.
Amen. Always the hero. Always the warrior. 
Reading a prompter with misleading facts given to you by Chuck Schumer doesn't make you smart Kimmel. And believing Schumer = DINGBAT.
Thank you 
Thank you Jimmy Kimmel. You are also a hero!!!
Thank you @jimmykimmel for bringing awareness to our health care and @SenJohnMcCain for standing up, once again, for the American people.
Thank You @SenJohnMcCain for being a true #AmericanHero We need more #Heroes in Congress @SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats
Senator McCain has been a lifesaver & will go down in history for supporting what is right vs. standing with his 'party' Bravo, Senator
Thank you again!
Thank you Jimmy K !
My husbands name is Jimmy. But you are officially my second favorite Jimmy. Thank you!!!
you Jimmy kimmel are as un American as you can get... you and your Sen McCain are traitors to America
Love you Jimmy. Hope your baby is ok.
If Sen McCain had the insurance would be still vote to keep what we have. I just want the truth because my prem up 500% my deduct up 500%
Not the Trump
You both suck
#NeverACAorAHCA With #ACA Millions remain uninsured—Dying for Coverage: The Deadly Consequences http://bit.ly/2htahqM  —#MedicareForAll

Jimmy, I hope you’re watching @CNN “debate.” “Dr. Senator Cassidy” is talking as if he’s running for re-election.He’s a lousy Dr, good liar.
Yes!!!
Your hero?  A war Traiter, a RINO. maybe his time is short, as is yours
Thank YOU Jimmy!

John's political suicide note...
Going against campaign promises isn't heroic where i come from it's the definition of cowardice
They don't call him Songbird McCain for nothing.
Are you talking about the same John McCain who made propaganda tapes for North Viet Nam so he could get preferential treatment? THAT McCain?
What about the people who cannot afford their health insurance under Obamacare?
breaking your promise.....how brave.....what a hero! Obamacare is going to fail on it's own. are you really that dumb or just acting? hello
John McCain is no hero. Google him and read about the Forrestal and how he treated his first wife and what he did as a POW.
Seriously?
Only wish @senronjohnson of WI would face the facts, but he is blinded by greed!
The people are so done with you just like we are with people like McCain the traitor.
Must be tiring waiting for Schumer to tell you what your opinion is, Kimmel.
You 49 year old why didn't you pay for everyone in Calf. for there health Insurance. Instead of hearing Chuck Schumer talking points. JOKE
He is no hero, Call the guys he served with in Vietnam they will tell the real truth about McCain. Like my husband search and rescue team.
He is an asshole!
