Trump foreign policy has found its theme: The Withdrawal Doctrine.  US has left/threatening to leave TPP, Paris accord, Unesco, NAFTA, JCPOA
He’s bringing us closer to war and destruction of our planet every day!
He's a bully. And what do bullies do best?  They threaten people.
Drink some liberal koolaid much?
You @mitchellreports help create this madness. Her emails & Benghazi, remember?!

Anything done by previous pres. he just wants to undo irregardless of consequences! 
@RichardHaass Watch how the world will respect us now. We have king at last. Just that he is a dumb ass.
Oh but don't forget Hillary's private emails. Distrusting fools in MSM gave us Trump. Now the county is a disaster. U did this to us Andrea.
Or how about "The US in Disarray ".
I hope people are beginning to know #TrumpRussia is real.  Trump is trying to destroy America.
Trump’s only goal is to completely upend everything the Obama administration got accomplished. 
Consequences be damned.
Wrong again Andrea, he is moving America forward getting us out of these crappy deals
That why we elected him. All bad deals
Yes!
Trump is a chaos demon. Loki to Obama's Thor.
not sure if he'll finish his term ...
By the process of elimination,Trump is fulfilling Putin's orders. In the end Putin will be in the Oval Iffice and Trump will be his servant.
Andrea time to retire .
'Clear the deck for Russia'
Or you could call this “The Network In Deep Crisis.”
I like the withdrawal policy better. They’re all withdrawal from something
Stingingly, ”But her emails!”
Use your guns to shoot up Hillary’s E-Mail, Trumpers.  Then wonder why you are working more now and enjoying it less.
The Nats?
@SenatorLeahy @RichardHaass same as his idea  of bc.
Don't forget Puerto Rico.
Is the "Withdrawal Doctrine" similar to the "Pull out method"?..
Richard Haass, 'when it comes to the Paris Climate Accord and the JCPOA, delusion is preferable to reality.'
maybe not the world, just the U.S. and your President
Yes. Trump is unfit for this office 
Or "Taking My Toys and Going Home."
Yes, and that would also be a great book title, Andrea!
We elected him you didnt so get over it. We lived with the fake loser in charge for eight years while he created a mess and you never spoke.
Clinton/Bush/Obama liberals/Neocons have destroyed the MidEast & flooded the West w/migrants &chaos, but u want more destroyed
@RichardHaass
Trump wants our country to be as isolated as he is. Sick sick man.
These are good things, but not to progressive socialist, global elitist individuals and organizations.
@RichardHaass  cleaning up from Obama a dirty job.  Good progress on poison gas, ISIS, bolstering Baltic's, and starting in Afghanistan.
If you were a lazy reporter and have no clue about such things, you could call it that. But ur much better than that Andrea.
Tearing up agreements is the only thing he knows to do. He’s such a great deal maker.
Putin must be over the moon at how well it worked. U.S. is a laughing stock & completely powerless
No, strategy to elevate new world leaders to step up and USA  place. We will not enjoy the eventual results
in a time of disarray, the winners are those who stay out of the chaos. see ancient Greece and Rome
Or in honor to mitch, "turtle up"
US has w/d from UNESCO per AP.
Key point I  heard Gen Kelly say was that  predecessor had kicked some  issues (ie not dealing with the issue) into present--- Obama legacy
Hello world don’t ever trust us to make a treaty again doctrine.
No Andrea.  That was Obama and Hillary's strategy.  The world is quickly getting in order.  China and middle east came around.
All done in service of Mercer's and Bannon's plans to dismantle democracy. Putin rejoices. This is what the Republican Party has wrought.
Republican Party! The destroyer of USA
USA:
Caring. God fearing. World leader. Envy of the whole world.
Now a joke.
Is this what we want?
The disarray Obama left behind.
Obama often backed away from US involvement overseas. Trump sounding trumpet of retreat & is aggressively undoing the international order.
Sounds like a good name for a book!
Makes me wonder what other awful thing is he distracting us from. Taking away healthcare? Dragging us to the past? Coal, birth control,lgbtq
He’d rather withdraw than strain his puny brain...
according to a left wing mouthpiece.  yes.  i'd say it's putting America first.
Good strategy. BHO was giving it away.
Chaos
And I was thinking the Doctrine of Power Vacuum.
That is brilliant! You are so creative. Or "how to extricate ourselves from horrible deals" policy. He said he would do this. Don't boo hoo
You could call the strategy "Diplomacy Interruptus."
But her emails
He is the creator of chaos.
So which is more important: This, or your glowing style points tweet about Kelly?
It's classic isolationism.
Exactly what one should expect from a white nationalist like Trump
Completely predictable b4 election is my point
Or #clinicallyinsane which is defined in the constitution as #clearandpresentdanger which is quite provable via tweet. #25amendmentnow @GOP
Pulling Out Too Late, aka how Ivanka was conceived.
What was NBC strategy in NOT running the Weinstein story?
his father taught him everything about pulling out
how about the strategy of narcissistic wimpy manchild?  This isn’t policy for USA - this is reality of his little-hand syndrome #25thfor45th
...but Andrea, about Hillary's emails!
Only if you were a biased, unprofessional journalist.
@RichardHaass It's more the "jealous of Obama doctrine"
Sad thing is, his base loves it all. Where will they all be when everything kicks in? Blaming everyone else but @POTUS.
The Withdrawl Doctrine has historically resulted in a lot of unintended pregnancies. I suspect the metaphor, with some tweaking, is apt here
Unesco is a den of anti-semitism
And in domestic policies, abandon Puerto Rico.
and if your not all negative on President Trump you could say firming of America for Americans.
The Worlds A Big Place. ...
Disappointed @mitchellreports   You think the world was all roses a year ago?  International issues didn’t get worse in past 10 months!
We are told we need a strong man who will do things.What is needed is a strong man who will undo things...a real test of strength-Chesterton
Chaos theory works too.
The Know-nothing Doctrine.
