No. Congress has to do its job. Simple as that.
booo!
It was you and Obama to enforce the LAWS of our country.Don't blame @realDonaldTrump  for doing what you should have done.
.@ASavageNation 
When #Dreamers were applying for school, gov. asst., medicare etc..they shoulda been applying for citizenship. #EndDACA
Well that is the risk you take when you enter another country illegally. Ultimately the parents are the responsible party not the U.S.A.
The kids shouldn't be punished because the parents broke the law to give them a better life.
which is more punishing? Separation from their family to be put into state care or staying with their family deported to their own country?
Keeping the whole family here and supporting them. That would be better.
There are legal ways to move to a new country - if people ignore those there are consequences. Are they harsh ones? Yup. But there it is.
We brag about how much better we are cuz we open our hearts right? Yet we call them rapists and murderers and send innocent children away.
The kid issue is a large one, I won't deny it, it's tricky. I have no good solution.

But is it a good idea to say since you had kids
you get a free pass to ignore the rules and laws of this country? I don't see that a solid idea either. There's no good/easy way to fix it.
You had a democratic congress and house why didn't you take care of immigration.
I hope every DACA has a big mortgage, several auto loans, student loans, and credit card debt. Trump's America deserves the $$ loss.
And they keep coming and coming and coming. Why bother having any laws.
Babies have no choice in being conceived by parents but you Liberals are okay with murdering them and chopping up their bodies.
Wow is that my president
He may be yours but he sure as hell isn't mine and never will be.
#ImpeachTrump 
@realDonaldTrump
Hate to burst your bubble.....but.....@POTUS is your President too. Just like BHO was, like W was, and Clinton & on & on & on......
Very very sad and unfair. They are already making this country great and that's how we treat them?  It's a shame
I dont understand how you can be pro-life but anti child.  Send us your tired, hungry, and weak.
It's all about punishment - punishing women for having sex, and punishing the children of immigrants for not being born in the right place.
More like punishing parents for breaking the law. They are the people to blame
We can't AFFORD them. Maybe you should support them. We spend over $400 Billion a year on illegals.
It's true
Absolutely right Joe!! We have to help the innocent ones!
Is this what's next?
this was done by a man who proclaimed this past Sunday a national day of prayer! Bunch of pharisees! Absolutely callous!
Thanks for speaking up! The working-class voters who swung election listen to very few people. But they will listen to Joe Biden. Important.
nobody listens to his pedoass. fuck that perv
Trump isn't America. (or maybe he is and that is also scary)
This is a terrifying thought
Parents shouldn't have broken the law. Called consequences. You know like the things elections have.
#EconomicBoycottNow
of Trump businesses!
#EconomicBoycottNow
#EconomicBoycottNow
Please retweet @ananavarro @Lawrence @WomensMarchLV
Joe, we need HELP!!!! This is insane. Sign, the American people
The children cave had a VERY long time to become citizens but chose to break the law and get a free ride paying no taxes.
Cruel? Stupid too! Serious question: why? Integrated, educated young people - sure we don't need these people?
Their parents are complicit. Ignoring the law is no excuse and on top of that they have not tried to fix status after many years
There has been no way to fix status. They're barred from applying for green cards.
Then Obama should have addressed that.
There must be some regulation to the flow of people here. I am not saying to kick out all, but we can NOT fling the doors wide open.
Says the pervert who has zero respect for children...
Mr Vice President, PLEASE run for POTUS in 2020
Why do u say this?  There is 6 mths to get it straightened out 2 help the children. The Act was illegal in the 1st place
They broke the law. The cruelty lies with the parents that subjected their kids to this. #DACA is unconstitutional! #MAGA #LawandOrder
You can't support Trump and also support law and order, you know
Totally agree 
Cruel is YOU and @BarackObama creating a vacum in Iraq for ISIS!! Poor Europe!!! NO THANKS TO YOU 2 JERKS!!!Go eat a sandwich TOOL!!!
@realDonaldTrump is trying to fix probs, help him! Don't just critize and make it personal, help him fix the probs..! 
Truth
It actually is now American based on a total lack of leadership of Congress and Trumpito. It's not reflective of our values- however next ?
T s Administration is the worst in countries history... totally  disgusting!
Where was all this when ur obumber did this a few years ago? #doublestandard
They are not children they are college age democrat voters . Stop lying to the people you are irrelevant .
Cruel of their parents to break law and cruel of BHO regime, including you, in ignoring law on your watch.
So, why haven't they tried to go through the naturalization process?
The avg age of DACA is 26. #notchildren
Exactly
Bring our America back!
Says the...
It's appalling. dt is so cowardly he can't speak for himself. Makes sense because he can't think for himself either.
#25thAmendmentNow
You are so right.



You do know that you are idiotically & misleadingly conflating other situations with #DACA recipients, right?
Illegal is illegal.
Follow the laws and this doesn't happen. But you and the criminal democrats are used to breaking laws. Nothing new there. Just another scandal under the Nobama administration.
The utter lack of heart, compassion, kindness, empathy and hell, *minimal human decency*, in this administration is staggering.
It just breaks my heart that this country is run by heartless,horrible human being
I'm not American so I can't pretend I'm personally affected by these things like most commentators, but it's seriously upsetting to watch
the most powerful country in the world head down this path.
Not by the majority choice my friend.
Oh, certainly. But as bizarre and illogical as the path that led us here is... this is where we're at.
He is one creepy old coot! Multiple videos of him groping or attempting to grope girls & young women. Dirty old man
Someone please remind me what the quote is on the base of the Statue of Liberty ?
Last I checked, a poem written on a statue does not constitute US immigration law.
Last I checked we were all immigrants to this country but not all of you are humans that would show compassion towards fellow man
I'm not an immigrant. I was born and raised in America by parents who were American citizens.
And they were descended from people who came to America L-E-G-A-L-L-Y. Want to live here? Simple. Don't break the law to do it.
The law...something you don't know
So right.
Describe Biden in 1 word.
Delusional
Wait, you claim to be a global citizen with an interest in world politics and you think Biden's stance is wrong?
No @holasmitha, SHE’S the delusional one. Name ONE thing Trump has done to “Make America Great Again”...Not a damn thing.
Have you not seen what your country has wrought around the globe Joe ..... Cruel is EXACTLY how everyone except Americans see America
Please don't get all carried away by your hate of Americans. In Europe at least many are grateful for #US sacrifices in WW2. #justsaying
Those WW2 Veterans aren't the ones making the decisions -I know because my #US family who served are now deceased -they'd be mortified
Yes, but that doesn't mean all Americans are bad. I'm still glad US helped us in WW2. Trump & co won't change that
Not all Germans in the 40s were bad either .... doesn't mean we should ignore the atrocities of Nazi Germany
Joe,  grow up and quit trying to win the vote with illegal aliens and their kids.  You are a joke
lol they're illegal. Send them back. End of story.
Except DACA literally gives them LEGAL permission to be here?
Daca is unconstitutional
@JoeBiden
Joe got more sense and morality then Trump.
I agree
I honestly can't even point a finger and blame my parents for wanting a better life for me.
If individuals would like to bring their families to the USA, there's a legal way to do it. Being a criminal is a bad example for children
Unfortunately, these children are being used as Trump/ Republican chips in the game now being played.
Would @realDonaldTrump be so keen to send his youngest son to Melania's country? I think not. Shame on you, Trump. Shame.
We need your moral passion, sir.
Yup... these kids parents were cruel to knowingly break the law and put their children in this situation.
@dcexaminer @MSNBC @thehill @CNNPolitics What’s call about them they go back to their people that’s really belong,  luckily they will not be forced into Mexican gangs like they would if they stayed here
Don't bullshit us. You're not "saving" DACA, but setting up a false scenario in which u give Hillary her fucking wall at our expense, while he "gives" you DACA. Tim Ryan was right: the Dem brand is WORSE than Trump. U wanted the wall, & obeyed your Donors not 2 hurt the markets.
Low move, simply to undo everything Obama did or put into place. Hope he's impeached/arrested/removed, ALL of them
Not our problem. They need to learn about the land where they are from
what is more unamerican is a political group using these people for votes. These people are quite simply pawns to you. By the prompting of your colleagues, riots have ensued. Wake up and smell the roses
You invited them into this country without "We the people" approval! Now is time to deal with it!
Go through the process.  Become legal.  Problem solved.
It's not as easy as it sounds. There are people that have been waiting to get papers for over 20 years...you really think it's that simple?
The government needs to make it simple. That's why in 6 months laws need to be passed making it more simple.
The problem is that some countries like Honduras and El Salvador are the most violent nations in the Americas! Sending them to die? #daca
They got years of free housing food education..they can go back home and make their countries great..overpopulating ours won't help
Trump struck a deal with Chuck and Nancy! They will get the Dream@Act!
Huh? There's a temporary legal action in place to allow them to work for 2 years. Trump & sessions just ended it.
0bummers executive order was illegal so they are here illegally. Blame there crappy parents who didn't follow immigration laws. Land of laws
So trump can make a Muslim ban EO but Obama can't make a DACA one?
Why do you want to punish kids for a parent's mistake? We don't do that.
I'm an American that believes all laws should be applied as written no deviation period. If you or I break any law we are punished
But they were kids when they came here. Under 16. You punish that with deportation to a foreign land?!
So if a 15 year old gang banger kills someone cause his parents didn't raise him right that's okay to? Same logic 4 breaking the law?
Lesson to be learned: laws are ok not to follow sometimes. There are exceptions to the law. Corrupt. Not America #DACA
Life is cruel, worse when you break the law!
F'U illegals not made accepible by Obamas illegal executive order.
Give it a rest, Joe!
More lies,  at #'s, 55% not n school, 22% haven't even applied, of 470k that applied n 2013 only 90k renewed; 420k in 2015 only 35k renew
They weren't just brought by parents. Remember when you and Obama put the word out for parents to send their kids up to the US ALONE?
Ilysm pls come back
DAILY ACTION: Tell the Senate Judiciary Committee to hold a hearing on DACA ASAP and pass the DREAM Act!
lots of issue here very sensitive
first let's start where the pos Obama illegally put this in to effect
so let's discuss this first
You make me sick
It will be ok...follow the law!
Hillary said that DACA children shouldn't be allowed to stay in America. 
I don't remember MSM calling her racist.
Joe, we wouldn't vote for you for anything!
Is it American to kill unborn children because of their parents behavior?
Wish you ran for President @JoeBiden . You would've been great
When your boss said daca needs to be put into law through Congress and would expire otherwise where were your crocodile tears?
Cruel is Americans being abused by their own politicians.
Finally someone who speaks and thinks at the same time on what to say way to go Joe thank you. MR VICE PRESIDENT
You were cruel in telling them to break the law. You and your band of clowns.
Tune in or Shut Up Uncle Joe.
the bill was only a temporary measure. They are removing it so that permanent legal measures can be put in its place.
Get off the fake news
Dont forget this situation was caused by choosing to ignore immigration law. Possession is 9/10ths of the law but not if you stole it.
talk about a crew unable to take responsibility. Hypocrisy is thick - please be more honest with your bully pulpit
If the US keeps choosing which laws it follows, this nation ceases to be America
So because their parents committed a crime, they should be allowed to remain? So if my parent robs you, should I get to keep what they stole
New law, if your here illeagallu and fly the flag of another nation, person should be removed from our soil. We can't have un loyal people
Remember it was your former boss who said it first.
FAKE NEWS
That's right, they are not America.
Sayless
@FoxNews @VP Joe, why didn't U & Obama pass legislation creating DACA thru Congress in 2009-10 when U had majority? Blame goes to U/Obama.
Not true .  You can be such a jerk silly little joe
Is there a point at all or random guilt  .. I never know
Please run in 2020, Joe! We need you!
Drama queen. No one said they would, get Congress off their butts. Oh ya after 8 Yrs u nor Pres O could!  Should have offered them more $$.
yes it is america.  the president and the congress.
Exactly! True words,cruelty
Blame the PARENTS not America! Not @POTUS ! Not GOP! If illegals keep getting incentives to come here, they will.
Surely you are smarter than that ?
This is blatant disregard for voter turnout and rollback FREEDOM and LOVE of country
Must be stopped. How can anyone approve this madness.
It's also not fair to all the folks who are doing it the Legal Way. So basically, the message is.."Break our laws, be REWARDED!"
No let them stay we. An give them our Medicare even tho we have no ins ourselves
Should they bring back the inhumanoids? It was a great cartoon
Please run in 2020 and replace this idiot that I'm ashamed to say I voted for.  #Biden2020
Dont you realize what a terrible plan Obama put in place? Our President sent this back to Congress to fix!!!! They have 6 months.
Well if the parents had done the right thing and entered the country legally then we wouldn't be even hearing about this now would we?
That's not how it works Joe. Being former VP, you know that and therefore are knowingly misleading. Cruel Joe. Not America.
There parents can accompany them back to the country they came from..Blame the parents for committing a crime and abusing our country
Agree if their parents are still in US.  But if parents are in US they can go back too and help them acclimate.
Thank #Obama for that oh yeah and Mr. Biden!! Why not go away and stop your Political #BS YOU CAUSED THE PROBLEM!!!!
Against the law should have made it legal when big ears was President
So, if my parents robbed a bank, I could keep the ? It's not my fault, why punish me?
Mien Kampf trump dividing your country worse than Ukraine!Given Presidency 2 destroy!$3mill pay 2 play weekends @Tax Payers Expense!
They'll adapt,since they are adults now & should have been taught by their parents to cope.They can go through the steps to become citizens.
Hey, Joe, why don't You do something You've never known and tell your former peers to do something about what you and yours Didn't 8 yrs ago
Talk to Hillary about it... she gets it! DUH
Exactly where they're going:
the proud nation of #NotAmerica
Blame their parents, and politicians like you who offered them incentives to cross the border illegally.
why do you want to separate families.
Miss you baby doll
The president is telling Congress to do their job and address the issue constitutionally not look the other way as your boss did with an EO
Constitutionally, it is a moot point. Nothing in the Constitution requires the President to rescind DACA. It’s only an ideological belief...
Not a moot point. DACA is an EO the Imig. law must change or this problem will continue. Most of these kids should stay let's make it legal
Agreed.   I think we're saying the same thing from two different views.  Lol
Were you planning on legalizing 1m people rewarding an illegal act? DACA should have never existed. People need to come LEGALLY.
This whole things is devastating. Its not the children's fault. #DefendDACA
I know this living through my dad's transfers; grades 1-2 (oblivious); 3-10 (painful);
10 >college (culture shock)>
?
Another thing you guys couldn't close and then handed to Trump to deal with. Russia meddling, NK, DACA, Trans in Mil, next up- nuclear Iran
I have friends who came to this country as children they have been here all their lives some do not even know there native language.
Exactly, they'll be thrown into a War Zone.
 Probably die.
"Kids"shouldn't know "death" so young. 
No child should. 
WAY TO GO DJT AMERICA!
Please run for POTUS!
Joe, I had hoped you would be more vociforous in your outrage than just a tweet! Please leverage your position and eloquence for this
I think that this is SO terrible.  When can we have a real POTUS again?
So:  Whites owe reparations for generations past but DACA recipients can't be held accountable to the law b/c of their parents' actions?
1 dreamer for each Pedophile we kill in America 1 for 1. Kill one Pedophile, replace them with a dreamer from youngest to oldest.
Why did you allow them to come? Set them up for this
Miss you sir!
Bs
WoW ,such loving white Americans ,to bad  the Slaves didn't receive the great American Way!!!!
Here's the thing Joe.  It was going to court soon.  It would've been killed(u know this). And there was no new law to fix it then.
Way to plagiarize Obama..... blind sheep
Start worrying about the American people.
@markfromhalsey even hadthey a choice, the point is their motives are understandable and we should have a fair process in place
Boss

So aborting "murdering" a pre born child is cruel and not American too right? 
So congress needs to do their job work out amnesty for those in good standing, deport any evil ones and block any new ones
Please become President
So, if I moved to Mex to, let's say, start up a coffee plantation, Mex govt would welcome me w open arms? Your mouth disconn from brain.
didnt trump kick it over to congress to take care of. hence the 6 month delay?
Then their parents are to blame then , aren't they.
solves all problems! Move some in with you! Oh, but they might have a criminal record! Oh well, I'm sure you won't mind. You're
We have homeless veteran's and just homeless American people that we should be worried about .it's not are fault there parents brought them
No it isn't, plz run in 2020 PLEASE. Now that it's out that Russians spent money on elections on Facebook, who knows what he'll tweet next
Its their parents who were cruel . #consequences
you mean they will be sent "home!" How where you in office?
What are you, with your level of power and contacts, doing about it?
Mr Biden you sound like you're more concerned about dreamers then you are the American people. Oh wait that's true Glad you're out of office
Dreamers are part of the American people.
Hi mr biden, why weren't you and your partner able to come up with something more permanent and legal to help those u feel so sorry for?
They aren't children you not wit!  Why would you prefer to protect illegals vs Americans?  It's not wrong, it's what should have been done.
@KamalaHarris you send them back with their parents!
You formed DACA for 2012 votes and then sat on it
I don't see why children should suffer the consequences.
Oh
it's fascinating how some let hate & anger fuel their opinions.we are human before we are anything else #childrenfirst
Dig it! We are. And our humanity, if real, must be "human" and of the heart, not a measured look at any nation or pocketbook.
Well Obama should have thought to do it the correct way and not leave it a mess. now trump looks bad!!!  Don't blame him.
3) This is on Obama who used executive order when congress didn't do it job.
Average age of these dreamers is 25.
Their parents need to leave immediately.
