middle class paid for poor, not the rich. My insurance went way up. 15k a year just for my wife...explain that? 7% of income
Keep the poor poor. Keep the wealthy wealthy. Middle class forever struggle to work for both. Hilary's whole campaign was for middle class.
hahaha good one....
Glad I could get someone with privileged tears to laugh 
you're doing exactly what they want...class warfare. Meanwhile, 1% continue to take 90%. Grow up
Who's they? I've deduced this via observation. You're doing exactly what someone would say to someone w/opposing views: saying "grow up".
it's not an opposing view...it's always privilege right. Can't possibly be any other reason for someone's success
Some people don't even have the luxury of having insurance, and here you are complaining. That's privilege.
Jake Tapper speaks truth to Sen Mark Warner (D) VA re #ACA failures
It was the GOP kicking 99% of us in nads to give handouts to the 1% who don't need handouts.  But what can we do about? #protestsdontdoshit
The @SenateDems can persuade the moderate @GOP like @marcorubio to build a coalition to defeat the most extreme provisions. It's not over.
Ty, I hope so
It's more than that.
Make no mistake. #TrumpCare is an act of #Terrorism. #TrumpCare is an act of #HybridWar, designed to kill and confound. #TrumpRussia 
I work 60 hours a week and can't get insurance now!  What do you  #Libtards say about that?
This liberal thinks you should have insurance, not attached to your employment.  #singlepayerworks
We have to emphasize this point, the vote yesterday was not about healthcare. It was totally about redistribution  of wealth#GOP LIES!!!
we're already there .@SenatorLeahy 
Make sure this, or anything like this, Bill doesn't get thru the Senate!
Liar!
We cannot allow this to go unchecked! #NoAHCA #SinglePayerForAll #Ronan2018 #OurVoice
Health Care https://youtu.be/CejTjAvokTc  #NoAHCA #NeverGOP #NeverTrump #OurVoice #Ronan2018 #WeThePeople
I've seen a listing of senators on the committee.  Why no women?  Why just men making healthcare decisions for women.  Unacceptable.
No wonder they made "AHCA" so similar to "ACA!"  Nothing to see here...move along
Now is the time: Obama on single payer health insurance
No sir. That is not it tho it will benefit rich. It's about giving the finger to a black man, 44, who had audacity to do right by us.
I'm laughing, big time!  He did u in with his lies is what he did 4u. Obamacare a Hispanic Ponzi scheme!
People Dying everyday on Obamacare now!  Why would anyone not wish to fix the mess!  Problem, Democrats! Want their lies hidden!
Bull Shit!
Thank you for speaking up. I wish you could impeach him.
Sinful!
Give us a break, Leahy. U dems have lied to America for 8 years now. ACA is unaffordable,Can't keep doctors, and is on the brink of collapse
LIes, Lies, Lies and more lies from the Democrats! they care nothing about u American working class..Obamacare was a Ponzi scheme!
Then please help us
Keep putting this  message out so more people read it. A bogus plan  that will kill millions  of people, not 26, more like 50 million. Tks.
In Rare Unity, Hospitals, Doctors and Insurers Criticize Health Bill
REPUBS DIDN'T REALIZE HIS SNAKE POEM WAS BIOGRAPHICAL!
Lie, as usual for liberals
Way to tow the line
Esp when insurance co CEOs make the $ they do and medical directors are getting >$1 mill in bonuses- more denied claims=bigger bonus
I know pts who have lost everything due to medicall bills-No one should have to work 2 jobs to afford coverage or b denied coverage.
I meant no disrespect -The more ppl know the more empowered they r to make decisions for themselves and their family.
I am a RN with 20+ years exp-worked with insurance co. for 7+ years. So many ppl don't understand insurance-i want all ppl to be informed
As ppl age they typically need more medical care-ppl pay premiums that go into a pool to cover this-so when u age the same deal applies
Insurance pools the money from good and bad drivers. if u never have an accident, u will never have to take $ from pool.
So thankful you are my senator.
Self-pay really?  I saw bills for trauma pts and NICU babies that were > $1 million. Do u want to lose everything?
This is also why insurance companies dropped out of exchanges-GOP reneged on promised $ for the high risk puts/ pools
Why did premiums go up? GOP-2014-passed a bill that cut promised payments to insurance co. for high risk pts-to get $ back they charged more
@waltien
Healthy ppl pay for sick ppl: that is how insurance works. Good drivers pay for bad drivers etc. that is insurance 101.
Your a liar
If the healthcare bill becomes law, there's this. It no longer will be called Obamacare. It will be Trumpcare.  In its glorious failure.
You said it brother!
These millions the same that are being fully subsidized from those of us with employer sponsored plans whose deductibles increased big time?
All u Dems r nothing but liars and don't about the American ppl.
CNN Highlights How Democrats Lied to Americans to Sell Obamacare
http://ntknetwork.com/cnn-highlights-how-democrats-lied-to-americans-to-sell-obamacare/ … 
What did you do to actively prevent it, Pat?
It's #TrumpCare. Make him own it.
THERE ARE OVER 84 MILLION PREEXISTING AMERICANS-THEY WANT TO TAKE THE MOST VULNERABLE AMERICANS & TURN THEM INTO PAUPERS.  TERRIBLE
Unreliable legislation from the worst president in American history what a shame!!!!
Dems had time to correct it..banking on HRC winning and making us a socialist country is on you. Dems like the blame game. #MAGA
This is such a disgrace to humanity.
The #GOP already showed who they R & their thirst. Show who U R present #SinglePayer affordable #Healthcare4All
Time for retirement Leahy.  Your words have no value for America.
Please help stop this madness!! We are all vulnerable
MASSIVE tax cut for approximately 400 people. Period. 

Millions will lose out but 400 will be able to sit happily on their pile of money.
Had you bought-offs supported #MedicareForAll when you controlled Congress, we wouldn't be having these problems. But no. You didn't.
What is the word for taking the revenue from a dependant entity and giving it to a non dependant entity?
#parasite
Let's examine how trickle down economics still do not work. #AHCA
ACA violates title 6 of CR act for non fed tribes @CivilRights at DOJ should prosecute you & @TheDemocrats "Indian enough" is racist!
It's a shame Dems did not have a plan to fix ACA or a cohesive message to argue against GOP. Now we have AHCA. #getyouracttogetherdems 
the swamp is full to overflowing, Donald & Paul the lifeguards!
What else is new
Call it #trumpcare so when ppl die they will know who to blame
Don't let it pass the Senate!
Senators, you're up. Be the pothole that flattens the tires on this miserable wreck.
All the while the GOP has no change to their health care and a tax break to go with it.
AND they claim it's what the American voter asked for!!
Right? Don't you love that? That's what makes them feel good about running over us. Clearly they don't listen to constituents.
How is that??  Where does that fit into a health care budget.  This is a ruse. I didn't hear about a rich person tax cut until today.
But the CONGRESS KEEPS their coverage, just normal Americans lose it. States rights won! Which states will chose keep coverage?
What????  Details please.
They don't call it the #WealthCare Plan for nothing.
Thank you, Senator. Appreciate your observations.
#WeThePeople are now calling on Senate to protect us from HR1628 
Lots of people are to stupid to understand this crystal clear explanation.
UK will follow soon.
Im proud of you Corey. You even dont know how much you are important in my life. Thank you. I have hope that you notice me someday 
So did you ever sign the front of a paycheck? Every get a paycheck from someone wealthier than you were? Are you exempt fron ACA or AHCA?
they wouldn't need to do that if you had not passed the Obamacare monstrosity in the first place.
If it WASNT for Obamacare GOP would have NEVER offered healthcare period. GOP doesn't give a hoot about people; only corporations.

The repeal & replacement of the ACA as it stands is an act of Terrorism. Period. #Ronan2018 #OurVoice #HealthCare http://ow.ly/kAF530br518 
 You serious, Clark??
My Rep @RepLoudermilk just voted against me and caused me & my son grave HARM by stripping legal #ACA protections to affordable healthcare
booo
Our own Elise Stefanic... she failed us.
Why do you say that?
