arrest them all!!!
remember the government works for us, we elected them, make them see what we want.
@holesinthefoam That’s Russia. Turkeys is the same. How far away is America from a dictatorial misuse of power like this?
we need to do the same to the violent out of control DNC crybaby supporters, attacking terrorising President Trump rally supporters? 8/
Do the violent Trump supporters need to be arrested too?
Shw the "Violent Trump Supporters", I'm not talking about the 1's tht R Defending Thmslves after they R Atckd
There is a growing sentiment of how Putin is governing Russia.
BFD. Civil disobedience tends to lead to arrest. Are they disappeared like in China?
YES
yes but hardly. The chance of death is much higher for the Russians.
Total BS. Our police are far more violent to protesters here.
in public. Behind closed doors these protesters are tortured and murdered.
This is us .. Putin is Trump mentor ..This administration is taking us down this road.
omg
and how many will not return home..
this will be America in 10 years if were not careful
that's why we need to keep our guard up and not take anything for granted. These next two years will be critical.
if shit ever gets this bad I'm leaving the Country lmao
Canada is a nice refugee place to take shelter in. That's of course if you can convert with the wifi and French language
we Americans, with peeps being shot everyday, having a bad view of  &  wierd
Trump is sitting back wishing he could do this to us.@docbuckley @MrNegroMilitant @TimChase89 @ReporterPhoenix
Looks like the Ferguson protests. or DAPL.Maybe OWS

Perhaps the US should have a role in denouncing this. #TrumpRussiaCollusion #Sanctions #HumanRights
Thanks Democrats for allowing Russia to take over parts of Ukraine and steal freedom from the tatars. Not as interesting as Palestinians?
tell Trump how horrible Putin is to his people.
soros funded protest... arrest all of them...soros and his NWO is going down, and we all will be soon free
During Russian protests the man that's running against Putin in the ELECTION was also ARRESTED,LET'S SEE IF HE LIVES.
Apparently the US has been targeting Russian media with fake news about fake corruption ..these crowds are fake too
#resist #russiagate
Trump invented fake news. Maybe Putin jealous
I hope they never give up the fight for freedom
:This IS what the rights want for us!re:kac
comment"be careful what you say abt"so 
called president"!Be afraid,be very afraid! 
NEVER!
@Russia you can arrest them, but corruption is corruption! If the shoe fits, WEAR it!
@POTUS @BarackObama @BrianBernardoni @ReutersPolitics here we go, shit's about to get real
Trump would like to do that
@ForTheVee actually Trump is the bully!
SOROS BEHIND
@ForTheVee People around the world are fed up being bullied!
@G8trz4ever Internet
All over the World 
If we know bout Putin & Mafia pals
Stealing all Nations resources 
People there know
Putin will need a bigger prison.
don't they all work?? I mean, who has the time to be protesting??
I'm sure Trump wishes he could do that
#RESISTANCE
@alanfriedmanit so? The same in EU and USA when yuo don't have the authorization.
This is tragic & our President is involved with this government.  POTUS & Putin r very sick evil men. Disgraceful! !
@keithellison ... Even though the police told them not too! #thestrugglecontinues
the walking dead
#ComradesRUS Someone PLEASE tell Mr Trump, Pence and GOP "this" is Putin's "strong" leadership in action.. It's not the American way
This takes courage. I hope we in the U.S. have this courage when it's our turn to fight a dictator...soon. #Russiagate
We CAN apply the courage witnessed in Russia.

Work NOW to remove from Congress EVERY trump supporter!!!
Russian's have no chance of protesting against their authoritarian and corrupt dictator. Putin will kill if he has to.
These are very brave people fighting Putin corruption.
it seems the whole world is protesting
bravo to the protestors!
@FranTownsend a country that has no democracy. Has no freedom of expression.
@FranTownsend we must stand with people of the world who only wish to have a fair shake in life.
Corruption is everywhere ....in the world ....
Nice boots
and Trump says nothing
Wow, Putin must love corruption!
coming soon to an American street near you !!!
Seems as most of us regular everyday people are sick of being shit on by elitist governments.
I hope they all make it home all right. So brave.
Stand up to Putin as we in America stand up to Trump. Keep the pressure on until the will of the people be done. We stand with you.

These people are honestly risking their lives. They are so brave and heroes in my eyes.
@RealRonHoward 
Even Russia will be controlled by the English corrupt. Any country who used to have a Royal family will be
Moscow controlled by the English corrupt, St Petersburg by Vatican corrupt. Vatican corrupt also controlled by England
You want some American liberals to come help you? They love protesting. I bet not a one of them would however.
looks a lot like in the USA
@ProvaxShill 
Putin / Trump 2020....
Comrades in the @GOP , together we can destroy the Middleclass.
Wealth Care, is Job #1.
this is where they are trying to take us
Yankees go home. there is no fast-food hear.
AWESOME! Lock up the US paid agitators!!
wow they don't mess around there. Us  should pay clise attention
And they will probably never be seen again. 
Something Americans should have started doing years ago! Now the non-thinkiers are protesting the only change we've seen in 30 years!
Very important. Make sure Puppet Trump sees this.SAD
@HumanoidTroll
i hope they pass a bill for this these snow flake riots are dumb... rioting not gonna solve anything the problem is the swamp in GOV
Dissension must be silenced for the good of Mother Russia. Enemies of Putin are enemies of Russia.
Did anyone hear "our president" and leaders in congress condemning these arrests?
I'd love to learn the difference between Russian government corruption vs lobbyist "contributions" to American government officials...
Putin has got to go!!!!
Americans need to take note....could be you, but no America has become pussified!!
@kjwpark1943 Oh, good. Some news coverage.
these protesters are awesome! So much respect for their bravery. It takes true courage to make a stand for others & the future. Heroes
@keithellison #humanrights #worldwide is what most all of us want. Why is it so hard? Elected officials making side deals along the way
is trump there i thought thats when we act out lol
#fakenews
#Russian corruption is the biggest in the world, frm the Top. corrupted heads end up in NY & LAAsk #Hollywood who finance their movies
@Fahrenthold demonstrations in Russia against Putin. They want corruption free government just like we had & now have to take back
They probably shot them...May God bless and give them strength to fight EVIL...
this is pure undiluted dictatorship. Dictators are butchers
How many protestors will Putin have executed?
@keithellison #fakenews
@keithellison I saw this in Wikileaks documents so can't be real now?
@Fahrenthold  RUSSIAN peaceful Protesters  we stand with you in Spirit STAY STRONG!
@BahTuba wishing all protestors and arrested the best of luck. They are brave! We should be too!
Good for them.
@realDonaldTrump Like Putin, Like Trump, protestors express opposition to corruption and leader lies about it and tries to shut it down
our future if Trump gets his way.
@realDonaldTrump hope your buddy is okay
Russia and Trump loves Russia and loves Putin even more. That's what Trump wants of America where he did so well.
.

#Russia, Time to Overthrow #putin.
#RussianRevolution2017
Hundreds of protesters arrested in Russia as thousands gather for massive anti-corruption demonstrations. http://abcn.ws/2nXNIN5  
@keithellison disgusting. That is what a pussy dictator does cause he is afraid he will loose his hold on the money maker. #resist
oh I do hope they get through this and win the freedom they've craved for so long
@Fahrenthold The Russian Spring arrives...?
I'll bet Trump is wishing he could do this here.@docbuckley @MrNegroMilitant @TimChase89 @ReporterPhoenix
thanks trump
this is the future 'Murica
respect for those willing to take a stand. #scaryplacetoprotest
Finally.  The bear has come out of hibernation.
@Fahrenthold and our State Department said what?  SAD!
I'm back in the USSR 
You don't know how lucky you are, boy 
Back in the USSR
Protesters against Putin buying Trump.  'Throw him Back', they chant!
Thank GOD Im American! Regardless of our Present Devisions, We Have Free Speech, which Unfortunately is ABUSED!
I hope they do Putin like they did the Tsar.
@realDonaldTrump and how many pictures are there of americans arresting protesters? easy propaganda here - what's ur point - dishonest?
I pray for them
how about some coverage of the protests in #Yemen against the American backed Saudi aggression.
@Fahrenthold    Don't you think the Liar in Chief should make a statement ?
I hope the demonstrators succeed
it's about time!
@realDonaldTrump wishes he could do the same here.
and they persisted #Resistance #indivisible
The Great Bear Rises!!
@RealRonHoward  Where is Pussy Riot?
So Russians are fed up too.  Praying for those who are courageous enough to take a stand - that they and  their loved ones stay safe.
@chipfoxx ~3000 protested in Nizhny Novgorod
@55andwhat thoughts are with these brave people
@RealRonHoward Keep up the pressure, it's the only way to set yourselves free.
@keithellison These people are much braver than we are . . . They could actually DISAPPEAR for their beliefs, no rights. #resist
@GetWisdomDude this is just what Russia needs, to resist putin, he cant jail them all....go Russia
I'd like to say "corrupt government," but I hate to be redundant.
I guess we are too stupid to realize that power corrupts, and every single government in the world is eyeball deep in corruption.
I really feel for you...you are all so brave! I truly believe this will be America's future.
@realDonaldTrump you must ask Putin to stop hurting and jailing his people
And the leader of the free world is silent? @realDonaldTrump .Sad.
If you go on @russian_market you'll see protest videos, pix, & reports from cities all over Russia, from Moscow to Vladivostok
@Fahrenthold Americans better take notice, this is something that could happen here if we are not vigilant!
- Demonstration in Moscow 1917. The more things change, the more they stay the same.
The whole world is watching. And Watching us too.
And not a word from the Pro-Putin White House.
@Fahrenthold Trump is watching this and thinking about the opportunity of when he will get to do this.
Looks like we're trying to pull an #ArabSpring 2.0 @ABC
Hundreds of protesters arrested in Russia as thousands gather for massive anti-corruption demonstrations. http://abcn.ws/2nXNIN5  
@Fahrenthold Can't wait to see how Trump and Fox blame Obama, lol
@Fahrenthold we need to do the same
@Fahrenthold Has Fox "news" reported on this yet? One word?
So it looks like the Russian people are finally waking up out of their vodka hangovers and realizing Putin has been fucking them over!
Ok, what does the rubber ducky symbolize? That's the second sign I've seen one on.
That is scary. No one is throwing or burning anything, they are peacefully protesting and they are being arrested! We need to HELP THEM
We need to let them know that it doesn't have to be that way and that FREEDOM is real and Possible of they want it!
: "Hundreds of protesters arrested in Russia as thousands gather for massive…" #1 in United States http://www.toprt.com/TopRT_US/?t=846121597710716928 …
tge world is against Putin. He is a thug who murdered many and stole so much from Russian people
is this defined as Future Shock?
@RealRonHoward Can't imagine how much harder it must be to protest there. Good for them.
Half of them will disappear in the dark of night.
at least the sun is out. Kinda sorta
why is it my mother is white my father is black but  considered nothing but black because you people are the most racist except4 Muslim
more proof that some cops take things to far #PeaceAndLove let the #Protest #lovenothate
Injustice cannot be tolerated in any circumstance! Protest is an outlet may many more follow!
don't even bother I will not go back and forth with criminal progressives I don't do this to make friends.
there are more young scum on SSI than the old
Donald Trump doesn't need to cut any programs he needs to just see who's cheating 90% of welfare people don't need to be on welfare
the Abominations American Dream It's like you hit the lottery when you get your SSI 40 years before your supposed to
more fake news
Because of You progressives destroying police cars killing people destroying your own buildings that's why I called Trump is president
brave, brave, brave...
all you losers need to stop worrying about your welfare and your food stamps
this summer ,it's going to be hot in Russiai !!
COURAGE in action! #TheRESISTANCE
We you stand on the foundation of our nation in GOD WE TRUST..we are covered.Continue to fight the good fight..pray and seek God.
I love their effort I'm sad for the reaction. 
Blame trump
at least they have law there here in the USA criminals get rewarded. It's okay to rape and murder free room and board
I bet @realDonalTrump is seething with envy as he watches this.
Courageous ppl. They could be killed for that. May you be protected by the sword of truth! 
Poll: How long for this to take place in the US?
That takes cajones the size of basketballs!
oh dear, Putin making Trump president might have given him more exposure than he bargained for
what scary is if Putin makes an example of the ones arrested by having them murdered so the rest will shut up
and not one whisper from the white house..
SOROS IS NOW BACKING PROTESTS IN RUSSIA? 
that's the way we need to treat antifa
repeat after me.......

CYKA BLYAT!!!!! CYKA BLYAT!!!! CYKA BLYAT!!!!
CYKA BKYAT!!!!! CYKA BLYAT!!!! CYKA BLYAT!!!!
@SenatorLeahy A government for the people, policing the people, controlling the people.
Apoyaremos a quienes luchan contra la corrupción
except in Russia they might kill the protesters!
