You're my favorite person in Washington! Keep up the good work!!
mine too
I trust him 100% , straight shooter! He's doing the right thing!
He's my favourite person in the world right now, & I'm not American. That's the face of integrity.
the face of integrity- amen!!!
it's those kind honest big eyes....yeah I'm thinking he's my next prez!
I love you, but saying this is too intellectual for the Trump club. You need to be ballsier and say "Nunes MUST resign."
..Let's not forget that Nunes stopped by P Ryan's office b4 he visited the WH. Ryan Knew & obviously approved?
have you guys checked @realFireNunes  account? It is a group of Nunes' constituents trying to votw him out
thanks - follow and we'll keep you posted on candidate selection - action items etc!!
following! 
.@RepAdamSchiff If Congress can investigate #TrumpRussia, then why waste time with an #IndependentCommission?
There needs to be an #IndependentCommission on the leaks and unmasking since @RepAdamSchiff is making excuses for both. Partisan hack.
The problem is with Nunes - can not conduct bipartisan investigation - serving potus. Party over country! Sad
.@crjust Well @RepAdamSchiff is serving @POTUS44 over country trying to protect his staff for #TrumpWireTap and #TrumpLeaks.
I think you have it switched around Nunes is doing his job. Schiff is just doing the Alinsky shuffle. Throw them off, lie, lie, repeat lie.
There is no Russia/Trump, made up by the demo's
To under mine Trump, you ought to be ashame of
Yourselves.
Obama interfered in Isreal election where was the out
Rage!
You don't even know how to spell Israel
While U childen scurry abt...investigate, investigate...its costs ME $ & nothing gets done that WE want done. Time 2 shut up & GET 2 WORK
Americans are tired of dems making fake claims on russian stuffs. You shld find out why podesta and hillary got so much money from russians
Not sure how you'll get tRump out. Still wondering HTF he got in!
Just curious, do you throw your head back and laugh hysterically at how dumb your base is?
so desperate will hang on to anything that's got the name ' Russia ' in!  #saddesperateweasel 
Yes, but don't give up. We need you..keep digging
Nunes and Republicans need to agree to independent commission.Nunes isn't trustworthy. He should step down from investigation.Thank you Adam
Thank You Adam Schiff!!!!
Where were you when Cummings obstructed both IRS and Bengazi investigation?  No call for an Independent investigation. Why?
Wrong. You need to solve the murder of Seth Rich. I dare you to Subpoeana the email accounts of Seth Rich.
has no proof that Russia was involved; stop whining--you lost! Put on your big-boy pants--EARN your HUGE paycheck #backofbus
Mitch McConnell and the rest to ask you to recuse yourself. You know Americans know there is No Russian interference. Not working! MAGA here
I Agree! Nunes has no business up in this investigation.
YOU CANNOT BE THAT IGNORANT....  or are you fighting for you pay for play????? being part of Clintons Shadow Government????
Get over it. Anything too keep ppl wound up too hate.
Greater  America Despise and Dislike your approach to the Truth, every word that comes out of you against My Party is Biased.
what a shitty act and obvious collusion with Comey your scripted conversation.  You are the best argument for term limits
No Trump and Russian ties, but many ties by Hillary Clinton, and Podesta taking bribes and Kickbacks. #YEYEEGF
Please respond to "What can the electorate do?" Calls and emails to speaker Ryan get no response. Same for my Congressman.
call Ryan at 202-225-3031 select 6 there is a pause leave a msg.
Thank you!
FOR PRESIDENT
please don't give up!!! Please!!!!!
Why can't the comm. continue the investigation without the chair? #RussiaInvestigation
Schiff you need to recuse yourself from House Intel. Your in the Tank with Hillary, obama, Pelosi and Schumer. That's why they picked you.
@DrChalmers64 even if a commission finds misdeeds, w/ Congress & DOJ controlled & soon Supreme Court, who can take action?
If there's evidence showing there's ( NO DOUBT ) he committed Treason -the House w/ impeach him & the Senate w/ vote on it-guilty is a must!
@JBrooks191 Russia thing is a political witch hunt & you know it! 0 evidence!Be a LEADER! Real Story is WH spying on Trump!
Only so much the guys in the white hats(without the power)can do. The people need to rise up like they did for Obamacare/AHCA
Maybe someone is blackmailing Nunes.  Could he be mentioned on any of these reports?
I would be interested to know if the Trump administration met with representatives from other countries or just Russia?
Assange already confirmed a while back Russia wasn't the source of the leaks. Wikileaks has a 100% track record unlike MSM 
to this day 0 evidence of Russian interference. What about when the O admin interfered in other countries elections..crickets
No one is buying that Russia BS anymore
when does the investigation of the mainstream media and DNC begin for actually interfering with our election .
you'd like that wouldnt you. In order to get rid of Nunes cuz he goes after actual truth! Where's your proof?
Independent as in chosen by you?? HA! More corruption and secrets
You have DUAL CITIZENSHIP.  America and a foriegn state. IS THIS A PROBLEM? I don't know but I think we need to investigate!!
How many independent investigations did you support during the 8 years of Obama's corruption and scandals?
DEMOCRATS HAVE HAD 8 YRS. OF COVERING UP WHAT THE WH HAS DONE. IT IS NOW TIME FOR REPUBLICANS TO UNCOVER THE ILLEGAL.
we need a independent commission for Benghazi hillarys private server Clinton foundation where were you step down shifty
Stop the Russia BS! Start doing job of working for betterment of USA instead of obstructing! Get something done for once!
Schiff should recuse himself as he is a staunch supporter of Hillary Clinton and Trump HATER.  Totally biased and unfair.
Unfortunately due to Trumps lacky Devin Nunes the intell committee has been damaged forever
And yet another corrupt scandal will go unpunished. What will it take to sink this administration
SAY THE WORDS TREASON OVER & OVER AGAIN!!!! WE WANT ANOTHER PUBLIC HEARING!!!!
Adam do you favor an independent commission to investigate Russia getting control of 20% of our Uranium? Speak Up Adam!
But I have yet heard any commentator say EXACTLY how this will happen! What is triggering event? Please say.
Why is no one asking why Paul Ryan sent Nunes to tRump instead of to you & Intel Cmte? What's up with that? #Trumprussia
We Agree! We Want Sally Yates to Speak to us! #LetSallyTestify & Tell America the Truth! @SenateDems
Hi Adam, why don't you investigate Podesta's ties to Russia?  What about Crowdstrike, which is partially owned by a Russian?
well that's dumb. 
1. Podesta isn't POTUS. 
2. No law against Russians owning businesses. 
Your suggestion seems pointless.
and there is no law that prohibits communication with a foreign country. Communication doesn't equal collusion
I don't know who you think is making that claim, but it wasn't me.
Trump's on the ropes; Kushner's on the slopes; Trump's angry !
Into the ether with the House Repubs...not patriots as are WE!!  Do not let them UP!!
Disturbed to see @jahimes talking on tv still being polite & puzzled by Nunes behavior. Can spend days/wks/months stuck here.
&as for nunes showing his sources etc. He has said he won't. When will you understand the level of corruption here?
Treat it for what it is. Obstruction. STOP being polite & treating like business as usual. IT ISN'T & time is short!
Why are you afraid of Comey & Rogers testifying? What are you hiding? Stop playing politics with the intelligence committee.
Just disclose everything publicly and stop lies!
Nunes is the only honest one. You god damn democrats need to be voted out. OBAMA & HRC gave Russias the nuke power
Dead of night? Nunes said he said hi to folks and it was still light. Do you lie a lot?
Thank you @RepAdamSchiff. #NunesMustResign #IndependentInvestigation #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Fake news so pathetic.
shouldn't you be working for the contract on making things better for us we have bridges coming down over here in California
Why is this taking so long. Doesn't any realize how stressful this is for the country. Get us answers.
Stop making up lies and focus on Obama officials  doing surveillance & leaks/felonies. Do your job
.@RepAdamSchiff Denied.
The events of this week only underscore need for an independent commission to conduct its own Russia investigation, along with Congress. 
Lol...no shortage of Monday night quarterbacks huh! Yet..funny thing didnt see your name on the ballot on 11/8/16. Hmmm why?
demand one. Nunes is useless!
trump is not fit as a president! He needs to be out
Thank you, Rep. Schiff.
Sir, PLEASE work on Nunes getting him out of your committee on Intelligence.  He's as crooked as 45 and his thugs.
@ericbolling @TrumpSuperPAC @mitchellvii @CBNNews @LouDobbs @replouiegohmert @JudgeJeanine Maybe info includes some on cmmte?
@FoxNews Did you edit just a bit??? Duh
Benghazi,Sirya and Obama's war crimes @DNC @katyperry @aplusk @ap @MiceeMouse @FoxNews @GOP @ddlovato
.@RepAdamSchiff Rep.Nunes reckless actions seemed to have derailed the public testimony of Sally Yates, please don't allow that-Thank you.
things that make u go "Humm" 
Photo: Jared Kushner with mob related felon Joey "No Socks" Cinque-spending New Years together

#trumpleaks #resist #trumprussia #russiagate 
https://twitter.com/marcusc22973194/status/844591780637085696 …

Holy Shit!!!
Former Russian Pres Medvedev Sits on the Board of the Bank involved in the Meet Bet Kushner and Gorkov arranged by Kislyak  
@grimtoothy Schiff is doing what everyone in DC is doing........dividing the country further and obstructing progress.
Recent Russia-related suspicious deaths, Putin critics highlighted in yellow.
What events... You mean ALL the evidence of Democratic Russian collusion and spying/ unmasking American citizens?
please don't let the committee derail the investigation .. get to the truth please
When is the INTEL Committee meeting going to be rescheduled? Nunes canceled the mtg and has yet to reschedule the mtg.
not one vote was cast due to anyone connected to Russia it was Hillary lying corrupt behavior so get over it wasting yr time
I think it's time to grow up and do your work,put the snarkiness aside and clean up Washington 's slime
@MikeMountainLuv perhaps we should investigate you to uncover your business interest in the Ukraine.
@ajc11755 @gmo_free_living Is there any such thing as independent commission in politics? It is partisan in some way. PEACE
Replay Rep. Nunes' WH press co f at5:01; Rep. Ryan authorized WH foray!
Ibvestigate Ryan/Nunes coooeration with WH! Proof at 5:01 minute of conference.
cuz we all know #Congress CAN'T DO SHIT?
this guy is who we need  @PreetBharara <-- because of this:
U do have an independent investigation it's called FBI and they still say no evidence of collusion U are reaching #fakenews
Nunes is biased! Can he be forced to step down?
@FaceTheNation Why did shifty Schiff & the DNC hire 3 Pakistani Brothers as IT Techs with our Nation's Top Security material
Russia Russia Russia  it sounds more ridiculous every time you say it
You are to partisan. I watched hours of hearings & you asked nothing but soft questions
@MansoorSShah1 Completely agree that independent commission is only answer after Nunes muddied the water. Trump surrogate
do something about kushner PLEASE. He's not learned enough in any of these newly appointed positions
yes !
More than ever now with J.Kushner involvement & position. Foxes in hen house. Excile both from sensitive material & position.

@MayIrmamay14 We will need to vote @GOP out office 2018 for fair investigation on #trumptreason. Repeal & replace @GOP 2018.
investigate why it was an issue when K.A. Conway promoted Ivanka's clothes but not when Trump promotes a Fox News show???
I don't think either is an issue.  It's the protesting liberals causing controversy again.
shove ur head in the sand and ignore the FBI, and all our Intel agencies that say Trump admin. committed TREASON. #traitors
ok
you trust wikileaks & Russian hackers regarding Hillary but not our own 17 Intel agencies and FBI regarding Trump/Russia? "Ok"
how can public move this forward
WHY didn't u investigate MILLIONS of $s given to Clinton by Russia?Collusion with Russia-Putin-Medvedev-Obama March2012?
i want to see USA CONSTITUTION In Progress!
Snowden - NSA spies on everyone. Wikileaks - CIA spies on everyone. @realDonaldTrump - I was spied on. MSM - LIAR! #LockEmUp
ah, nice partisan speech, you only say this stuff because of the results. your a trump hater, nothing more.
Agree. Thank you. Stay strong for us.
@Lee_in_Iowa Nunes is the lap dog he must be exposed of them He knows about fica warrant on trump manifort Epstein and page
You are a true American hero when we need one desperately!  Keep up your good work!
The only patriot among the country's politicians, and largely, even our population! Sun Salutations Sire!
And PS thanks for all you're doing!!! #russiagate #ImpeachTrump
And are we asking the new president @jaredkushner about his family's Russian ties? Wth?! #russiagate
What will happen if the Trump campaign is found to have colluded with the Russians.
. @RepAdamSchiff #sayswho?
DITTO!!!!
@JohnGMartin61 PROSECUTOR not some feel good commission. INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR
mr. shift can you please tweet to us what the qualifications are to be on the intelligence committee? @TuckerCarlson
Mr Nunes has to step down!! There needs to be an independent investigation like after 911!!!! And private!!!!
After listening to @DevinNunes defend himself on Wolf Blitzer Situation RM, @DevinNunes needs to recuse himself IMMEDIATELY!
Who selects this "Independent Commission"?  No confidence of impartiality.
Hold the line man!
Did Trump know ahead of time? He said he felt vindicated while still in a closed meeting when Nunes went public?
Pathetic crony!
political hack.

It's not true STOP LYING this is a Witch hunt!!!!
How can that happen when Repubs are calling the shots. They appear complicit in a cover-up!
Thank you for being steadfast about the committee's investigation being one of integrity.
.@RepAdamSchiff yes! I just called your CA office in support btw #NunesMustResign vm in DC and CA full. #TheResistance
Special Prosecutor!
Nunes' actions have made it clear an independent investigation must happen now! No faith in Nunes moving forward!
I TOTALLY AGREE that an Independent Commission is set up. After Nunes' stunt, I do NOT TRUST him
BRAVO immensely for your patriotic, measured, astute defense of our beloved democracy ! Thank you.
AMERICA AGREES WE NEED INDEPENDENT COMMISSION. NUNES IS BEHOLDEN TO TRUMP. RYAN SHOULD ASK HIM TO STEP DOWN.
there's this 
Chinese billions to Kushner and Schwarzman who drove killing TPP biggest pay-to-play scandal @Josh1938 @maggieNYT https://twitter.com/khanoisseur/status/841701076839546880 …
Can we please get an independent review of Benghazi and the Clinton's foundation
pls demand for one because last week was the most outrageous thing nunes has done w no proof even
your committee's chairman works for Trump & the WH first & will bury any damaging information
Y'all need to DUMP Nunez!!!  He is compromised!
Agreed. Independent commission must happen quickly. There's been too much delay already.
.@RepAdamSchiff Or a select committee on #russianhacking. Either way, HPSCI with @DevinNunes is no longer effective check on WH interference
@LyinTrump "enough questions have been raised" <----- where has America gone? #speculation
U R GRASPING FOR STRAWS! Denies are liars and cheaters
D Nunes is now a witness for conspiring with the President and leaking confidential info. He must step down.
Independent meaning you and your Gang of Gasbags don't get to be on it to perform for peanuts.
Nothing, not health care, not SCOTUS, not tax reform is more important than getting this right: Democracy is at stake.
What are we going to do? I'm losing sleep over this BS! You have to be beside yourself! They cannot sweep this under the rug!
ThankU for your articulate work in the den of thieves. We'recounting on you to be the voice of sanity. God bless, protect U
yes yes yes. We deserve an #IndependentCommission.Just too many lies & manipulations to trust those with their own agendas
.@RepAdamSchiff I agree! Because #Nunes & #Burr have shown their alliance with the WH, #IndependentCommission on #TrumpRussia is necessary.
@MalcolmNance yes this is a must!  But meantime Nunes has to step down.Speaker has to appoint someone who can't be bought.
What a joke!!!
Nunes is a hack for dump luck him off , but I'm sure he did guided by dump
Someone needs to SLAP you and bring you back into reality. 
