The president was exactly right Donnie
Do you have any other hobbies besides Trump?  I'm sure there is something else going on in your life besides 45 & Jesus.
Yes praying for you
Thanks but you can save those prayers for people that really need them. Like @realDonaldTrump
Trump has 63 million most likely 100 million on his side. Take a seat while we work to MAGA! You can The enjoy the benefits. We got this!
Lydia- do you have adult children in the armed services? You got what exactly? A country that is being ripped apart by a nut job president!!
Lydia, currently more people support his impeachment, than support him.
Not true
It amazing how many CNN haters watch CNN! If it's fake why are you watching it? Stick with your political party, Fake Fox News.
Watch cnn to exposed it's evil game plan. They are no different than ISIS promoting tearing down historical site!
Like ISIS? Evil? Good Lord; seek help while there is still time to get help for your twisted way of thinking. Maybe meds will help you #hope
Who issues more retractions? Fox or CNN.. where the Russia story? CNN is 
Of course CNN issues more retractions Fox refuses to admit their wrong. Not to worry, the Russia story is in the hands of competent people.
So you admit @cnn is fakenews
I would, however I don't believe that fake news is ever retracted, just honest mistakes.
Like citing sources that don't exist? I don't understand your statement
I feel true rage. I feel sadness that my husband could go to Afghanistan again for cloudy reasons. I feel disbelief that this is our country
My Marine son said "TRUMP IS BEST THING THAT HAPPENED TO OUR MILITARY " semper phi
** semper fi you mean. 
That's the sorority girl coming out of me lol
Lol! Good one
Should journalist maintain neutrality while working and on camera?
Trump is a national disgrace, and nothing will change that until truly reasonable members of the GOP find courage and statesmanship.
Hey #NeverTrumper don't get all excited with your hate! Make America great again cause #obama made it worst .
Well, a Trump fan would know about hate. Very little else, however, but they do have hate down pat. 

#ImpeachTrump
I didn't see Trump supporters burning cars and storefronts and assaulting people. Damn right we've got hate for that.
You wanna try that again?
And again?
Here's a list of violent Trump Fans targeting women.
Go back to the minors, friend-o. You're out of your league.
@donlemon don this has helped me many times and when they say leaves no residue they really do mean it
Give it a try
So you are saying you are super familiar with butt hurt then?
Yeah happened a few times got addicted to this stuff needed an intervention from the fam to get me help

Thank  you! I can't believe what I was watching.
CNN is trying to create a world reality of socialism and relativism. No thank you CNN. I like our democracy.
Hmmm.. disconnect Spok
@donlemon  Did anyone notice Don Lemon has dyed his hair and eyebrows tonight. Lol
You're not the only one who noticed, lol.
Believe me, this guy knows ALL ABOUT eclipsing the facts.
After tonight Dems can't put this back together again. Break the Donkey!
Well said Don!!
#donlemon is such a safe spacer. How is he even on the news?? CNN! The Cartoon Network is laughing at you! Nobody watches you anymore. Fake!
Fake #@POTUS using American tax dollars to fund his hate rally #NOMORE #ImpeachDonaldTrump #IMPEACHMENTNOW
Actually that's a lie. He used his campaign funding for tonight's rally. Tell the truth!
You're #fake president cannot tell the truth. Where's the money for secret service payroll coming from ????
Did u know that during the OBama admin secret service was using tax payers money for prostitutes.
Please don't justify #TrumpCrimeFamily
I'm just saying nobody is a saint. OBama was just as bad if not worse.
#trump has said and done appalling things that CANNOT begin to compare to Obama or any other President. Surely you realize this.
Really u didn't see this appalling video of OBama? Look.
Lying again,the facts are ,your FAKE NEWS
@POTUS Being slandered by CNN right now with Trump's 'Angry, Divisive Speech.' Let's all say how we feel, CNN sucks, the Left sucks.
Best line I've heard in some time - you do realize he believes himself in those situations- it's a form of delusional personality disorder
You are so biased. You should be off the air. Even your reporter fakes news. The police shot smoke cans not teargas
Don Lemon puts words to what we are ALL thinking.
Using the words "stable" and "Trump" in the same sentence?
I thought he said " total eclipse of the fats"
Well said!!
CNN TOASTED all MSM by their behaviour
25th amendment!
Don Lemon "Lemon Head" is a LIAR!
Republicans are waiting for trump to turn into ONE FLEW OVER THE CUCKOOS NEST  before actually considering impeachment. . . sad
Thanks @donlemon for telling it like it is.
Tell lies like it is CNN standard he wouldn't know the truth if it bit him on the foot. LEMON IS A racist bigot
It's unfortunate that looking directly at the sun during an eclipse doesn't damage ones vocal cords. #justsayin

Trump rambled, lied, left out the objectionable parts of Charlotteville. He has done nothing for America!
I can't believe his supporters are so delusional...reminds me of Jonestown...seriously.
You go Don!!!!
https://twitter.com/Trumptbird/status/900189822740037633 …

GO HOME FAKE NEWS
BEST LINE of the night #PhoenixRally 

@POTUS 
"The only people giving a platform to the HATE…
Cnn is corrupt with lies and hate. Shame on don
Always blaming all but the ones spinning stuff daily. #CNN
You totally nailed it @donlemon. Agree with everything you said. The idiot never will be a president. The world misses @BarackObama
"Total eclipse of the facts"
That's rich coming from you, Don.
I'm sorry, did he say I have to pay for the wall or he'll shut down my government? Where the fuck are those pesos he promised?
LMAO he's groveling around showing that he's a worthless NAZI CRAKKKA!
Leave this country.
You can go to Russia NAZI CRAKKKA,  I am not going anywhere!
You're an embarrassment to everyone.

Dam where are my teeth!
Now we're only falling apart…
@donlemon YOU can't past YOUR racism! You haven't even given @realDonaldTrump a chance! I didn't vote for obama BUT I wanted him to succeed

@donlemon is in an alternate reality. We dare DOn Lemon & #FakeNews CNN to deny the accuracy of the quotations @POTUS read tonight. #MAGA
@TruckersVote   You helped him win!! Happy?
@donlemon explains every night their ratings...fools aplenty on this tanking channel. #bannon has plan I hear 
Don Lemon responds to Trump's speech was all CNN BS, even a week later
#donlemon is a tool
Omitting many sides changes NOTHING.  CNN-there is no story here.
Lemon is a racist he wore Obama knee pads for eight years kissing his ass all because of color
I love it
lmao CNN telling facts..maybe one day they will tell facts. You all are too obsessed with Trump.
This man (Trump) is clearly going insane in public. Scary. Narcissistic, liar, racist, stoker of hatred & violence. He looks high!
I think you guys are scared he will win again!!! Hahahahahaha!!! Hi
And @donlemon is in point in what we just painfully observed and heard - the President lied full face to USA
What was the lie.  Sorry, didn't watch it. @donlemon  , anyone know what lie he told ? TIA
The media is not turning off the camera - healthcare bill presented was poorly written-  he lacks accountability for his own words
@RealAkabamaBoss just watch the coverage it is a true insight to the lack of humility, compassion and accountability of the President
Last i checked Congress makes laws, @POTUS signs laws! If U have a beef take it up with congress, Not @POTUS ! 2018 is going to bad 4 dems!

I'm speaking from heart here..JOURNALISTS & #MSM shld REPORT NEWS, not opine, then complain when nobody believes you.  THIS IS WHY #CNNSucks
It's true! #FakeNewsCNN and #cheating @HillaryClinton are the reason he won!
Amen
@carefreemaroon
oh shit I need this fullll clip. He went in.
He just went up there and spoke from his ass per usual. A whole lot of shit coming from the burros mouth.
Agreed. Don is an idiot.
We the people who elected our President are everywhere 
We love our President
#CNN has been Eclipsed by the Donald..! HAHAHAH..  #CNNSUCKS @w_terrence @MarkDice
Lol. Coming from CNN, that's like @ananavarro calling someone angry and repulsive.
@donlemon @CNN What you don't seem to get is the American voter isn't asking those questions And those are the ones that matter
The numbers suggest otherwise.

https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/ …
There is no otherwise It's the reason he's President The numbers said otherwise during elections yet he is @POTUS There is no otherwise
We have a weird system. Nearly 3 million fewer people voted for him. He's never had a real popular mandate, or even majority support.
Won the election? Yes. That's as far as you can take that, though, because, remember:

Clinton: 65,853,516
Trump: 62,984,825
The leftist are using every fascist method, adapted to modern times, to take down the opposition @any cost. The truth is irrelevant to them
Bull shit CNN your full of it
Enough of the ambiguity, Don! Stop mixing your words, get off the fence, and tell us how you really feel about Trump! Sheez! Brutal, Don. 
Well said only Trumps minions will believe his garbage
Thin skin network
While I agree with you, next time, instead of airing his Klan rally, just show a 2 hour looping video of a monkey shitting. More inspiring!
#CNNisISIS #CnnIsAntifa

Halarious! He looked so dumb!
CNN = lying fake news that supports antifa. Let that sink in. liberalism is a mental disorder :)
That's rich comin from #FakeNews. 
I think it's about time Everyone ignores Trump and reports other news. It's obvious he likes the attention good or bad
The outrage & sheer smugness of @donlemon is comical & sad.
@CNN is so extreme that THEIR bias woke me up. I was once loyal to their "news".
your actually giving him a good defense when he is impeached for Russia (sarcasm) oh ya haven't had any success with that
Don Lemon is a 
Read Hillary's new book " How To Make It Look Like Suicide !! "
Trump spewing non-sense and false facts.
Feeding the Trumpanzees is more like it.

New CNN follower survival gear. LOL
"I'm not mad. Not at all."
Trump promise that Mexico will pay for the wall NOT US! Trump needs to keep his promise
CNN is evil and hates America that loves our freedoms and our Constitution!
What facts fake news
#AllObstructionists every reply is laughable

I live how pissed Don Lemon gets! #FakeNewsMediaCNN
Its over for Donald Trump. He has lost all his credibility and has revealed his true colors. We can't have a child in the white-house.
#CNNSUCKS stick it Don.
Typical Don Lemon Bull$hit Spins CNN Truth in To Trumps Angry Divisive Speach An Fear mongering of Nuclear Codes if the Truth Hurts Say Ouch
Show your proof,  you won't because you can't and publically calling hom unstable is because your leftist agenda is true
Seriously , someone drug test him, he is on coke
#Roasted

Thank you Don for bringing truth to the Fake President's lies in his campaign speech.
Lemon is lame and a huckster.
The man is an embarrassment to our country.  Liar in chief!
Angry? Divisive? How about just honest? You Libs just don't get it and never will, sad. But I guess you have to have something to talk about
Let the snarkiness begin as the CNN host and pundits do their thing.
Trump telling it like it is sorry liberals u just don't get it and never will MAGA
Crazy Fool Don
Don lemon sounds like a black Archie bunker!!lol
tRUMP. The name suits him. #donkeychapeau
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Do your thing "Big" Don, this is who and what you are. #Douchebag #RepubliKKKan #HeilTrump
The lib press never called out Obama, Clinton, Rice on their lies about Benghazi, health care, stimulus, crooked debates. Shoe on other foot
We call it fake news
That's OK!  Most of the propagandist Don Lemon's broadcasts are pure fiction anyway.
Your Racist nonsense has been outed.
What he said.... unbelievably sad....
#CensureTrump
Well you people are the reason we will continue to back Trump. Keep it up
Good one, Don!
#Obstruct
Don Lemon's comments were dead on tonight. He called out Trump's lies and psychotic speech. Trump embarrsssed himself more than ever.
Hardly, President Trump took CNN behind the watershed and kicked the shit out of them.
Yup
@donlemon @FoxNews 
1 we know who the real liars,racists & whinnie babies are. Look in the mirror. Total eclipse of the news and the truth.
Trump is mentally unstable and needs to be removed ! If our government won't do it , we need to march in Washington!
The only thing being removed is u out of touch with reality democrats who are so brainwashed by communists and obvious #fakenews scripts 

Don Lemon is disgusting...and unhinged, and lies a LOT. We need to fact check HIM.
You need to get your head out of the FOX propaganda bubble and see what Americans see.
Is the liar Lemon still at CNN.
They are crewed by anti Trump FAKE news idiots.
Becoming a very minor player who nobody believes.
I am sick and tired of CNN's constant effort to manipulate citizens of the U.S.
Oh, like anyone from CNN would recognize a fact if it slapped them in their smug faces.
I thought Don Lemon was going to cry. He isn't a journalist he is just  a #TrumpHater 
Trump would cure cancer &  still be hating. GTFOHM!
Again trumpers don't want facts they crave emotional opioids
I am sorry for USA!!!
Being called KKK, Nazis and white supremacist
Love it!
Please update the people on the investigation! Trump knows how to get everyone distracted.
I thought they were the enemy? Why should CNN still be nice to him? Most of MSM is covering him critically because he's unfit and insane.
Trump2020
FAKE, VERY FAKE, EXTREMELY FAKE, ULTRA FAKE, BUT NOT NEWS

IMPEACH TRUMP NOW
It's sad that a great number of people would rather see the U.S. apocalypse than admit that maybe they were wrong

Ha ha ha, another joke from CNN.
#nowords
Don Lemon, you are my hero!!! Thank you from speaking from the heart. 
why isn't Don Lemon naming the protestors out side righ now. Hypocrites
We all know how good #DonLemon is at telling what he deems as his thoughts on truth.  cnn #FakeNews 110%.
good lord you're a toolbag @donlemon
I say no one cares what Don Lemon has to say.
Dude, you need to learn the facts too Don!!

Don is talking out of his !!# because he is a Hitler
@donlemon hahaha what a joke
Don Lemon is a Lemon  Fake News King 
Funny Don I litter literally was saying the same thing as u. As a nurse I believe you are right. He is unstable. Sad he is the president wow
I thought he was supposed to stop using Rolling Stones song? With all the craziness of his speech it may seem minor but it turns my stomach.
Turn around Bright Eyes
"Well, what do you say to that?" - Don Lemon
@donlemon Maybe this will help. Apply "liberally" to all affected areas;  repeat as necessary
Dom Lemon has lost his damn mind.
Are @donlemon and @VanJones68 spooning after Trump kicked them new butt holes?
Shouldn't he be reporting it and not giving his opinion?
Do you know how we know cnn is fake? Because they go to a panel all of liberal trump haters. Not even an attempt at offering both sides.
Is Don Lemon paid by George Soros? Using same tactics Soros used in Libya Syria Ukraine etc promoting unrest for regime change in USA

Trump is divisive and keeps driving a bigger wedge between people.
1 of 2 Really?CNN and most of the MSM called him a Nazi supporting racist for stating a fact.They created the moral equivalency not Trump.
"Don. You've clearly been working on that line all week."

Screw Donny.  A complete waste of life
Yes such a professional. Goes on air totally drunk. Gets pierced. Always goes on histrionic rants. Nutcase needs to be fired for this.
I wish we could have an eclipse of your mouth
Well are we surprised by Lemons remarks?  He is filled with hatred and he will NEVER say anything good about our @POTUS   
FAKE NEWS
