Why didn't Obama propose legislation when Dems controlled both houses of Congress? Legislation by Executive Order is garbage. https://twitter.com/JoaquinCastrotx/status/904558747112099840 …
So then it wasn't popular with American people then and it isn't popular now.  History is good.
Trump isn't popular with the "majority" of the American people! Guess we need to get rid of him as well
You have another chance in 3.5 years. May the force be with you.
We have a chance in 2018 and the force is with us.
& by we I mean reps, dems, indeps who are ready to see a literate adult, who doesn't need a babysitter, translators & apologists, in the WH
No one elected you to speak for them. Buzz off
Who is "elected" to speak for "them"? I speak from observation/involvement. If you don't like that, then I invite you to buzz off.
B/C, to stay informed we must engage with a diverse group of people, research and educate ourselves on the issues & divergent viewpoints.
Crickets from tax negotiator
How do people not remember this? Oh right Obama is "the devil" and they're trying to dismantle and lie about everything he did.
So then he circumvented the Constitution because he didnt get his way. Manchild. That alone was impeachable.
GOP 's
Didn't Dems control a supermajority of the Senate back in 09-10????? @JoaquinCastrotx
If immigration reform is right, why must Dems only ram it through?
Rhetorical question ... why do anti-Obama-ists not do research?
Because they're afraid they may find out the black guy was right
And?  That the black guy was better.

Because something failed he went above them abusing his power in put something in to law.Sounds like a sore loser to me,Not a deal maker
It passed the House in 12/2010 & the Senate GOP filibustered it& immigration bill passed Senate w/DreamAct 2014 & the GOP House Didn't Pass!
It would have passed with all the democrats and some republicans, but Boehner wouldn't bring it up for a vote,  see the "Hastert rule."
What's the Hastert Rule? That serial child molestation is okay?
Legislation had to be supported by the majority of the majority before allowing a vote. So, all dems and 40 sane reps would have passed CIR.
Because Congress did everything to stifle anything he sent to them!!#
Tell it as It is;stop the lies of @HouseGOP @SenateGOP  they didn't want the AA president to succeed,@POTUS44  against all odds & #hostile
https://j.gifs.com/k5JKpY.gif 
Facts matter! It is not FantasyLand Reality TV for most Americans 
Now who is calling whom "obstructionist"?  Look it up in the dictionary you will see a picture of McConnell
why is it every repuke argument is refuted with facts?
what is wrong with these kind of people
Q
Someone show Steve how to use the google machine.
@ManMet80 @TaxNegotiator  you mean that fillibuster orange POTUS wants the R's to get rid of?
At beginning of Obama's term when Dems had control  ...Many of the white Dem voted with their White Rep klansmen!
Pet n Kelly 
4 Democrats and 37 Republicans voted no. 3 Repubs voted Yes. Here is the list of Dec 2010 DREAM Act votes: https://projects.propublica.org/represent/votes/111/senate/2/278 …
Could the Dems not have used the same 51 rule as the R's used
Joaquin, thank you for answering the questions that they could easily google instead ofto news Blatant lies. Truth is not  science!
Instead obama used illegal exec order
@CarriWeatherwax @TaxNegotiator most interesting thread on here today.great info for dems if u ignore snarky negotiator
Then it doesn’t happen.
If GOP majority went by simple majority vote they & @realdonaldtrump have been ridiculously demanding from Democrats, Dream Act would be law
If only people actually paid attention to what really happened, rather than believing Fox talking points
You think if Congress doesn't pass a law, the POTUS should unilaterally act on it. That's cute, but unfortunately, still unconstitutional 
So some Dems voted against it then u must OWN IT.
And ALL Republicans.  Own THAT.

Which is all the more reason Obama should not have usurped the role of Congress and legislated via the stroke of a pen.
Trump couldnt R&R Obamacare b/c he lacked votes, should he be able to issue Order directing IRS not to collect tax for indivudal mandate
What Obama did was direct DHS/ICE to ignore a law passed by Congress? If Trump did that with Obamacare folks would burn down the White House
So. It. Did. Not. Pass.

Oh, please. Obama delayed proposing anything when he had both houses because he knew it would hurt him in midterms.
The Dems have a long history of stalling immigration reform, under both Bush and Obama. /2
Under Bush, the Dems refused to allow an amendment to *improve* the GOP bill, because they wanted to attack the GOP over its failure. /3
Under Obama, they delayed it for political calculations, including delaying Obama's eventual executive action. /4
And part of the problem is: many of the Dem coalition are still protectionists. They can't agree *themselves* on what reform should be. /5
Obviously, I am not putting all the blame on the Dems: GOP deserve as much, if not more. But the Dems get a lot of it, too. 6/6
@TaxNegotiator how about the dreamers identify parents if they are the only criminals and we deport them give work visa
In face McConnell required 60 votes for a bathroom pass while Obama was president.  Now Trump?  50 votes plenty for Supreme Court Justices.
@TaxNegotiator the dream act offered Green cards and govt handouts to the illegals. Would never pass even with filibuster
"Legislation by Executive Order is Garbage." Say it again, please, louder for @POTUS. #HypocrisyStinks
There's  your answer, Steve.  Wow.
Honestly shouldn't need 60 votes filibuster is pure garbage
Time to pack the Town Halls and let Congressmen up for reelection know their jobs are on the line.
Oh...Steve...you mean like the travel ban? Be careful...your xenophobia is showing!!!
Rep Filibuster, something they bitch abt when Dems try it.
These people try to play dumb
Lay up.
so obama failed again. got it. #maga
Your Right , Executive Orders are garage , never forget the Constitution that is the Laws !
So D'rats couldn't get the job done. That's on you. WE dont like illegal aliens demanding rewards.
How did W Bush and the Donald win elections in the first place?
Castro
No, lying is garbage.
And until Obama, 60 votes was not the norm.
@POTUS44 was thwarted every step of the way by obstructionist Republications.  The @GOP owns every bit of Trump and this whole mess.
Thank you for reminding people of this, Mr. Castro.
Congress has the solution now, pass a bill that protects the dreamers
How can they filibuster if they controlled both the house and senetw
Which is what the @realDonaldTrump Presidency is - GARBAGE.  All executive orders, no legislation.  #Dictatorship
Meanwhile the Psycho in Chief can't get anything passed even with both houses of Congress and a simple majority.
The people spoke through their representatives and the bill therefore failed. Win some, lose some. It's ok Joaquin. Repeal ACA was 1 vote.
And then in 2013 a reform, including Dream Act, passed in the Senate and died in the House. :-(
Stop blaming Obama!!!
But they managed ACA and Stimulus package.
It passed in 2013  ~    http://www.dreamact2009.org/   Now Trump it out to kill it, the bird!!
Can't do much as we with GOP controlling all 3 houses need to work together but Congress so polarized battle rages! DACA might bring togeth
The Rs loved themselves a filibuster when 44 & Ds had Senate
Rs also so into 45s Executive Orders

what could be the difference? hmmm....
hey #Democrats ---- Did you forget this ---->   ?????????????????????????? #DACA? #SCOTUS? #msnbc #AMJoy
Which makes it unconscionable that GOP is talking about making it legislation today as a "deal" for Trump's wall - total bullshit
Ummmm, I think you lost this one @TaxNegotiator. #doh
Thank you for admitting that DACA was unconstitutional.  Funny how that checks and balances works, yes?  cc: @MonteJCook
You both have your facts wrong.  It never made it out of committee.  In both the House and the Senate.  Three times, one by Dems two by Rep
That would take brains and there were none to be found
Bet you wish you had Trump's proposed 51 vote back then eh?
B/C President Obama had to fix the economy that the republicans had in the toilet
This is an absolute fact.
@TaxNegotiator Pres Obama haters always lead w/ chin by stupid tweets when cursory research could educate them, emphasis on could.
Republicans....you have defy God!!!
They forgot when O and dems controlled both houses the priority was the economy, recession times are not easy.
Awkward for you now, isn't it, Steve?
Obama then BYPASSED Congress by making an Executive Order. America has EVERY RIGHT to vet people who want to become citizens. #DACA
Thank you for the reminder.  #DACA #ImmigrationReform
When the legislative branch with the authority to enact law said no, he just went ahead and contravened congress with an illegal exec order.
How do people NOT know this? The Dream Act and Republicans blocking it just to stick it to Obama was well documented in the media.
Wow. Its different when pumpkin man does thoigt?
.Don't forget that the Democrats and Pelosi blocked/stopped the bipartisan bill under GWB #allareresponsible
So...obama had to stay within the confines of law and not turn emperor! Ridiculous to have done that!
Plus. Are you freaking kidding me?? Dt sign eos every other damn day
Of course, the @GOP (party of NO)voted against immigration reform. Will they continue to be spineless? @JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz @SpeakerRyan
Why can't ya'll ever agree on anything?  I mean, damn bro!
Lacking support from six gutless Democratic senators, including @jontester & Joe Manchin.
check your facts, steve.
And the leader of the filibuster was racist AG Sessions
He may have been too busy keeping the economy from going over the cliff and saving the auto industry,
He did but was also working on healthcare with no help. Why does any person of color vote for old white billionaires?
Garbage is a great word.  Dictators do the same thing he did.
Jeez, when will people get their facts straight before they Tweet?  #ReadtheRecord
And the reason you didn't get rid of the filibuster was...?
So...it failed.
so what does #Trump do, @TaxNegotiator, but pass most of his "legislation" by Executive Order?, lol: we see him signing something every day
(good thing he hasn't forgotten his signature in a fit of dementia)
DACA was introduced to Senate in 2001 by bipartisan senators.
Republicans think the filibuster is gr8 when they use it, but unfair by dems. This can be filibustered but healthcare can't? #hypocrisy #hyp
EVERYONE who can vote it's time 2 elim CAREER POLITICIANS.dems/repubs, house & senate. Look at what they voted against, & vote against them!
President Obama did everything he could, but the republicans voted against it. But now trump & crew, AS always placing blame on Obama.
Is there so much hate in the republican congress?
How soon the public forgets how the Repub Party treated Obama. --> Stated purpose was to make Obama a 1 term Pres and so obstructed always.
Propose it again, .@JoaquinCastrotx  The American people want it to be law.
But The Right selectively forgets things dude!
1/2 Of course @GOP "forgets" collectively, selectively, and SPINS THE REMAINDER to blame others for their lack of ability to legislate ...
A different time and a different country. One where the Sen. Maj Ldr abided by the rules even at the expense of helping deserving people.
For two years he had 60 democrats
@TaxNegotiator It is too bad that the GOP killed the Dream Act before & President Obama was forced to do what Bush, Reagan & Ford did.
Sure you can Ariesa.
Knowledge is power
You're preaching to the choir Steve!
Wow. I guess Republicans have already forgotten the 1/20/2009 GOP  strategy. "Just say no to Obama" that's why so little got done.
Congress abandoned Pres Obama from election day til the end of his term. Why he was not white enough
so Obama dictated. #clowardandpiven #daca #truethevote
So he created DACA to overrule the existing law? 1 man? Wow. Now Trump pushes congress to act, to do their job, and Dems are upset?
OK, so ONCE AGAIN - it's @GOP in Congress who cannot solve immigration reform. Why is it we think they'll accomplish it IN SIX MONTHS? #DACA
Thanks for your response. And that answer goes for pretty much every advancement he tried to put forth
But again, try to portray it as Obama did nothing. He tried to do the right thing and got pretty far with no Congressional support.
I suggest U examine the nation wide election results from 2016. Americans don't want #DACA Americans have spoken about illegal immigration.
If it failed in the Senate, then DACA isn't law, is it?
5 Dems joined the filibuster.  Only one, Jon Tester of MT, is still in the Senate & is up for re-election in 2018.  Primary challenge?
Thank you for this reminder! I had forgotten. We need to spread this far and wide.
Yep.  The Repugs messed up America then as well as now.
Legislation by Executive Order is garbage. Indeed.
Republicans clearly don't want law-abiding skilled workers who love America unless they're the right color.
Remember the Congress of "NO"?
As well, comprehensive bipartisan  immigration reform bill passed Senate Boehner refused 2 bring up 4 vote passing with Republican support
Sometimes the ARE stupid questions!
@goldengateblond @TaxNegotiator Comprehensive immigration reform bill passed by Senate in 2013. Never brought up in House.

Arguing against the EO for DACA MUST logically mean being against the travel ban. POTUS has broad powers w/r/t immigration.
It just so happens the Travel ban is problematic on its specific content, but not the idea of an EO on immigration.
They actually have to make laws? Omg the GOP Regime is choking on their own venom. #resist #TheResistance @LOLGOP
That should've sent message that #DREAMAct was politically untenable. Much moreso the case now. U love the #DACA kids, pass a (good) deal.
And now the @GOP keeps trying to get rid of the filibuster and Drumpf wants it to be simple majority for everything... #ЯepublikaИs
Note "failed" with 55/100... @gop hasn't been interested in governing for a long time, only obstructing and destroying.
Typical Mitch McConnell block anything that Obama proposed.
The same filibuster made impotent by Reid's getting rid of it for other things? He could have done it there as well.
Interesting since every order signed in first 90 days of 45 was an EO
You need to run for President Mr. Castro!!!
How did Tillis vote on that?
Educating these morons is taxing!
Yes. IT FAILED. So, he takes power that isn't his and writes an EO.
Bottom line: the DREAM Act, is NOT an Act. It has NO FORCE OF LAW. Sorry, Joaquin!
Congressman, I appreciate u taking time to answer snarky questions & give ppl the facts. I live in FL but would be proud 2 have u as my rep.
So is this an example of when Obama could have used the nuclear option, but didn't?
...did you get that Steve  - Good Job @JoaquinCastrotx
Thanks!  People should read before they assume.
This is important info for Americans today. Punting this to Congress is not an easy fix and @realDonaldTrump knew that. #DefendDACA
Ea. DACA dreamer should file a claim in court. The claim; they have broken no law. Demand a jury trial. 2 yr olds can't be tried for a crime
The  jury system will nip this in the bud. Just filing 10s of thousands of cases will put pressure on congress to do the proper thing..
The Senate failed those kids then. Must undo the damage now.
Because he was trying to pass healthcare
Important that as many people as possible know this. Deflate this 'but Obama..' moment now.
And the Dems didn't change senate rules for their own gain??? How unamerican!
I guess that answers that question!
THANK YOU for defending President Obama, who gets blamed for so much stuff, ONCE AGAIN!  He did a lot.  Dealt with enormous RESISTENCE.
Sounds like the same problems Trump is having

Precisely!!!
Ouch. Another know-nothing Trumpster pummeled.
you'll find @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell hiding under every rock

Thank you for posting this.
Uh Oh careful. Too many facts you might make Trumptards brains explode
Give them hell Joaquin thanks
The more you know...
Oh
OK
So liberal Democrats killed it
It must suck
No?
You always have the facts...Thank you!
Lest we forget Obama was handcuffed for most of his administration by the GOP who's only purpose was obstruction. Yet we reelected them.
No this is more #fakenews.
Once again, the country is paying the price for obstructionist @GOP. It's time for @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr to work with democrats!
It's so much fun when clowns make claims after zero research. We know they're just parroting Faux news.
1 . Democrats had 60 votes 5 Dem voted with GOP 2. Democrats did not need 60 votes to pass a law  as GOP has amply demonstarted in 2017 .
At the time we were more concerned with the entire economy collapsing if you remember , I think that had a much bigger priority
proving the dems are weak, ineffective, plutocrats too interested in self enrichment and screwing over the populous. Throw the bums out!
Funny people forget McConnell's many filibusters. Republicans blocked nearly everything Obama tried to do.
One thing Trump is right about - filibuster sucks.  If this had passed, the Republicans would not be able to get votes to overturn it now.
49 days. Between seating of Franken and the death of Ted Kennedy.
