Stupid is as stupid does, he's surrounded by sycophants and enablers #ImpeachTrump #takebackthewhitehouse
Idiot.
Again, is this real world ?
Idiots.
Do you want protests in ME?  they all have turnout very bloody, thx Obama
Welcome to the oblivious world of a 79 yr old, 3x married, billionaire pal of 45--
Eww...
Well when u can be  beheaded 4 protest that I'd rather think would be limiting of protest.
Proving once again that not only is T reprehensible, so are his moronic minions.
@realDonaldTrump will try to enact that here. That way he won't have any protesters on the streets against him. He'd love being a dictator.
Just visioning the same for USA
If Americans could they probably would!
Wishful thinking maybe?
From here on we call you Mr Magoo. Your Myopic vision of what you should clearly see is alarming to say the least.
Obviously education isn't important in Trumps white house
This is news? The Washington Post is becoming a tabloid you will find at the grocery counter.Who cares but them?
isn't that an autocracy? or a fiefdom?
Better than USA ????
"I will pick the best people "...Another example of his Best people.
Evil Deputy Dog is clueless.
I he's as smart as his boss!!-
How old is that guy?
He's just another criminal. Look up what he did to Bethlehem Steel retiree pensions and health insurance. Screwed them, while taking 1Ms.
The GOP everybody! Idiots one and all. A bunch of sour old men who hate everyone who is not them
Wow....
Unbelievable how unaware of the world these billionaires really are.  I guess if there is no fortune to be made they're not interested.
Clueless AND fascistic - yeah, this is what we want in our leaders. Who is this guy?
"It's so nice to visit a country that doesn't have to worry about those pesky democratic freedoms."
What an Imbecile... The man looks WAY too old to have the foggiest idea of what is going on.
Did you run out of Intel Chips?
is the Entire Cabinet Ignorant? #ImpeachDonaldTrumpNow for being such a dolt he never bothered to learn anything about world
Only Cuz He's An Idiot Appointed By Idiots
Shouldn't Ross be laundering money somewhere? Da.
It's almost like the only countries where Trump isn't protested, its illegal.

To quote an infamous politician "good job Brownie"
No knowledge or respect for our Constitution and citizens rights.
#FakeNews #propaganda
You can bet Donald Trump is jealous about this fact.
Because he's an asshole?
Right under our noses, Turks terrorize Americans, DT: "Show 'em what the future holds for MY PEOPLE, I will force them to love me."
I am sure Trump would like to bring that law back with him.That and locking up the news media. That would complete his hostile takeover.
@hrw   
I swear that almost everyone in that administration is dumb as a box of rocks when it comes to the world stage.SMH
How moronic of him.
All the roads to the airport were closed for three hours the day they arrived, in addition to all the roads along the route they drove.
But, had the roads not been closed there still would have been no sign of protest for all the reasons stated.
Shouldn't he be sitting on a sunlit porch somewhere, knees tucked under a blanket and with a nurse in attendance?
Good! Protesters are terrorist! Period! We are civilized, we have governments to handle issues.
Wtf is going on today! I cannot comprehend these actions
I see how humans have developed ability to survive without brains
Wilbur Ross is an idiot,I wish he would go to Saudi Arabia and stay.
@realDonaldTrump how convenient!!! And where was the outrage frm drumpf when  Erdogan's security detail beat up peaceful US protestors!!!
The future of Trump America
not the brightest bulb in the box but one of the oldest.
Really, can our president/WH administration be any more inept/incompetent?!! Praying for no world crisis where they would be called upon!
In some sad way I am not  shocked by his ignorance. It's like I'm taking crazy pills and crazy in the normal
now.
And then there are the Turks.
Pathetic! Blind leading blind...we should have a national holiday if we can survive Trump's ignorance n stupidity for another 100 days!
#clueless?
He's too old he needs to retire as well
Classic #WhiteHouse !  And I bet he didn't get pick-pocketed either...
Fascist!
Clueless, just like the guy next to him.
So much senilty
Punishable by death. Its too much.
I believe there is a flight leaving Dulles in the morning for Saudi . Enough time to pack your belongings and sense of morality.
I think the whole point of the editorial was to criticize the Saudi restrictions on free speech--and Ross's ambivalence to it.
@stevewolk_ Can it get any more stupid?
That makes me nervous.
Desperate this crew is! Anything for something anything, well when your rotten to the core nothing good can come from this Administration!
They don't have a clue! Bunch of buffoons.
Now that sounds like he is too old for the job...
These people are morons. While they're in Saudi Arabia they should attend one of the many public beheadings or stonings in the Kingdom.
He must love China.
How stupid can he be?
Lack of protest indicates a totalitarian state & death of democracy. 

#impeach & #prosecute @realDonaldTrump
Commerce secretary who doesn't read brief on country...definitely Trump buddy!
Not funny. Very concerned. Will WH start arresting U.S. media? New laws infringing on 1st  amendment are in the making.
@pbump Oh, gee, shall we all make that leap with you? #Moronic
With the exception of Mattis and McMaster - Trump cabinet/advisor picks are by far the most inexperienced in domestic and intl affairs!
How can these people be so clueless?  Astounding.
Maybe we should burn reporters when it is proved they wrote false reports.
There was a shocking note of wistful approval in his voice
The anti-democratic impulses of this administration are legion!
The man is an idiot
@SecretaryRoss Secretary FOOL
Ignorance @MaddiefForTruth unbelievable
I don't know if you guys have noticed, but aspirational authoritarianism is this administration's thing. 
Just wait until this circus reaches the Europe part of the trip!
"What have you got to lose" @realDonaldTrump
Do these guys not get briefed before they leave the  country..better question has he even been out of the US before?
#MarchForTruth is June 3rd NATIONALLY! Spread this video far & wide! We demand answers! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiHLV2yLZlQ … #TrumpRussia #resist
This administration is so damned ignorant, it almost seems like a shared clinical condition. Contagion.
Idiots. This is what is running our government. Idiots.
Well, this is guy who's company punished thier own employees by death. He fits right in.
Mr Ross just came down about five notches.
POTUS is jealous, wondering how to make US protests similarly punishable.
these people have no interest in learning their roles. They continue to demonstrate their lack of understand of the constitution!
Is there some kind of Opposite-World LinkedIn where 45 keeps finding these witless ninnyhammers to fill his kleptocratic clown car?
Cheap dates! @jaketapper @KYuknevitch
This commerce secy is a joke, lost all credibility. Idiot.
@SecretaryRoss Did you forget that America was founded after protest?  Our Founding Fathers would be horrified by you treasonous idiots
Wilbur likes it!
This is surreal! WTF is happening here? How can we allow this to happen in America? These people have to go before we lose EVERYTHING!RESIST
#rossleveragebuyoutHole Mr bankruptcy, save himself money Sago mine, after dinner mint & massive bombing MOAB
There won't be any "Free Wilbur the Money Launderer!" signs lining Ross's perp walk either, but for a different reason.
add to that the disdain he has for AMERICA and our practices where public protest is encouraged
One thing's 4 sure, this Admin not winning many intelligence contests anytime soon! It's like a bus-load of retards, or Trumptards!
What a suckass, dork! Useless as fly without a zipper.
Paging Turk security detail ...
What a maroon.
We've ignored this guy. He's Monty Burns, which isn't so funny in real life. Still digesting the gold-slipper story, which you could look up
Our Plutocrats are not Patriots.
These constitutionalists defending the First Amendment just warms the cockles of my heart

Smart like Trump.
..and fell asleep during the speeches....
He & Trump salivate over authoritarian power. Jailing protesters, killing opposition journos and Fox News as the only media source = heaven
That's an observation.. analysis concludes that commerce secretary does not know what he is talking about.
typical clarence boddicker move.
He's either clueless or thinks we are.
Fuckin but job
He is soooooo hateful
He just wishes it could be the same back home.
He probably wishes the same rules apply here
More dishonest news

Old geezer misses the McCarthy Era.
Really, did Ross really say that?
Trump surrogates have no idea how ridiculous they sound.They take us all for fools but I guess when millions voted for him it's worth a shot
You're not suppose to say that out loud in public. Save it for cabinet meetings.
Oy vey
@EliotACohen @pbump does this admin understand anything???  Really -- That is one of the most preposterous statements
Yes liberals first
The Washington Post used to be a respected news outlet. Now they post "Elvis sightings" ..Sad. Aligning with the Dems has been bad decision.
@SykesCharlie I thought conservatives liked the Bill of Rights?
That's obvious a myth. Conservative is not what these asses are unless that means stingy w/ civil rights, women's rights, & voting rights.
They are very generous with war (most of them never fight), with corporations, and good ole boys of the .01%ers club.
Exhibit 1: Ross verbalizes this administration's contempt for the U.S. Constitution
By their words shall ye know them (plus ignorance, lack of discretion, lack of self-restraint, obliviousness)
How clueless can one person be?
And the ignorance in this administration knows no bounds.
Another field turnip in the Trump administration. Smh so much I'm dizzied by it.
Bit of another foot in mouth moment
Maybe this is what @realDonaldTrump @GOP want in the US
Out of touch with reality much?
Morons one & all. Plus this guy in his dotage. What is he, 100?
What a jerk is the commerce secretary, as are all of the unprofessional cabinet members.
Well, Wilbur, please stay there. In the US, protest and dissent against tyranny  is a founding principle and will continue to be.
Ha, it's almost like they have no idea what's going on
What planet does this guy come from?
Golly- North Korea is the same way! 100% devotion!

I'm sure he and Trump's other henchmen would love to lop off protesters' heads here if they could get away with it.
He really is the Jeff Dunham puppet.
We should send Black Lives Matter over there to give them the taste of "the good life" we have here.
Xi guess clueless is clueless  squared.
These people are unbelievably stupid.
Jail and fear of death will do that
Is there anyone in the current regime who has studied world history? Just one person?
Clueless baffoons who live in a bubble.
This is what gets said when clueless president picks clueless cabinet
It's what happens when you put mental defectives in high positions. Get used to it.
This just shows how dumb the ppl of the Trump administration are. @SecretaryRoss protest punishable by death.Dont think I'd protest either.
The freakin' commerce secretary is a Trump-like idiot. Doesn't he know that Saudi Arabia is not a democracy but a dictatorship?
Mr secretary they are all have been rounded up an sitting in a jail that is trump dream too

Unbelievable the lack of understanding coming from that cadaver
What are his thoughts about laundering Russian oligarchs' money through Cypriot banks?
These folks can't get any dumber!
There's nothing like the threat of beheading to encourage proper behavior among the riff raff
How can Wilbur Ross be sure - he seemed to be napping much of the time
