@JudiciaryDems @SenatorLeahy You need to look back at Ruthies answers, hypocrite.
What are you taking about? This is considered "non-responsive"?  He was quoting precedent where this was already decided.  You guys r a joke
My gawd, no $hit! Gorsuch made him look like an even bigger idiot than he already is! @SenateDems are a joke. The punchline?
Oh..Never mind
Ahhhhhhh HaHaHaHaHa!!!
Dems are the big LOSERS.  Go on doing what you're doing--it will help Conservatives.
He's practicing for his future criminal investigation once we find out he too has ties to Putin... >_<
The wealthy conservatives donors want a 6-3 or 7-2 SCOTUS more than Trump to stay in the White House.
7-2 conservative scotus would be great. Dems making that possible forcing nuclear option. LOVE IT.
bogus logic dude, Ditch McConnell will go nuclear ANY time Dems resist..it's now or later, no difference...at least go down swinging
Swing away. STRIKE 3, you're out of there.
HmmHaw HmmmHaw.  Don't bite tha hand that feeds ya bro
FILIBUSTER! Please fight this!!! We cannot let this happen!!!
I agree, fight. But Ditch McConnell won't hesitate to go nuke now OR in the future. He sits
You can thank Mr Reid for changing the rules.
They didn't change SCOTUS rules. The @GOP will be the ones to do that.
Reid changed the rules, 51 votes, so Obama could jam the courts with activist judges. Period. R u saying the Dems wouldn't do this also? 
Again, the rules were specifically NOT changed for SCOTUS (what this thread is about). @GOP will have to make that change.
Agreed.  And they will.
@Sen_JoeManchin @SenatorHeitkamp @SenDonnelly Should stick with  dems. This is a crucial seat that was stolen. 
#TheResistance #StopGorsuch
Stolen or not, its ours now.
@JudiciaryDems @SenatorLeahy Thank you Democrats for shooting yourselves in the foot on Gorsuch. Nuke opt makes it easy for GOP.
Thank you Sir!
Definitely he didn't answer any of their questions..a lot of talk around why he couldn't answer  the hearing wasn't a waste.
If he talked about future cases hypothetically, he would have to recuse himself if they came up.
If he doesn't answer, then his answers are deemed  not acceptable to the majority of the People, therefore he isn't suited for the position.
Ruth Ginsberg did exactly the same thing and Dems praised her for it. LOOK IT UP.
I don't know why.  Looks EASY.   Vote NO.  He would not even answer the questions!!!!!!   VOTE NO for heaven's sake!  Don't sell out U.S.
Any legitimately impartial nominee should be able to win 60 votes, but we don't even pretend to nominate impartial judges any more.
Thank you.
How does corporate money get tied to Freedom of speech.... Question was ill formed and ilogical... Words are NOT cash ... C'mon #bebetter
His doing his job asking question to #Gorsuch so the people could see if #Gorsuch is for the people/business.
Ginsberg precedent. Please do your jobs and vote to approve Gorsuch m
OH BS! How much is the NO vote going to net you?
The #statistmedia's non-responsiveness to the #susanrice story is making it difficult for me not to vomit in my mouth.
he's just another dar right stooge who will help destroy America and all it stands for
Really? Q: Then why did you all vote for RBG when she was mum??? A: Pure politics. Trump will be gone in 4-8 years, this damage will live on
does it feel like beijing in the room to her at all times ? 
imbibers romance in political fiction, but only to china's
But mostly the sc argues for child restraint corrections against 'folks',
or its a leak, but they cant report leaks anymore :D !
Thank you for opposing Gorsuch.  That is rhe right thing to do.
I agree. Nuclear option makes it easier for Trumps future nominees. Good jod DEMOCRAPS. Thanks.
mandatory doodling at its hardest ... 
its real fake work thats mandatory
until he gets on the supreme court
What a LIE....you are all disgusting in your comments on this great Judge. Prima donnas. Resign please.
you sir mke it difficult to be proud of this Nation and what we used to stand for.  Retire please!
non-responsiveness? He answered, didn't recall term. This is why you lost, keep it up please. #LiberalStupidity
Boohoo
"Sir, are you familiar with the process by which a question is asked and a relevant answer is provided?"
If he didn't respond, he doesn't get the job..period.let his corporate record speak for itself, illegal nominee by illegal prez, illegal gop
Don't know why we bother, now. No matter how terrible a nom is, they're still going to confirm.  Its all purely ceremonial at this point.
Bull. Never stop fighting for what is right.

These are pro-Russia words. 

Apathy got us here. Time to fight back.
Gorsuch is as phony as they come.  Not fooled by his innocent school boy look.  Vote NO @SenateDems
less about person, more about lifetime appointment by someone under investigation 4 getting help from foreign govt
Didn't you Dems deny Bush his scotus with the Biden rule?  Just like we did Obama. We will now load the bench with conservative. Nuclear!!
bull shit
I would like it sir if you would publish a tally on the yes and no responses from "We the people".Your voting 4 us
He will b confirmed! Nuclear option is on the table.
It made nothing other than an excuse to say No! You represent the people, not your personal views! Yes on Gorsuch
Do your job or go home no one care about politicians and their party's game
. @SenateDems @SenSchumer Elections have consequences!
 @SenateMajLdr 
 #NukeTheDems  #ConfirmGorsuch 
#SCOTUS
BS, u just wanted to know the outcome of somethings that may be brought before him. A good judge would not discuss a FUTURE case.
The Biden rule!  
All about time limits. In hearings, tv interviews, etc, these people get session after session of training to deflect until time runs out...
Gorsuch Wrong for Any Court! Paid for by Kock & NRA!
Do NOT vote yes on this nominee.  Every Democratic senator must vote NO on Gorsuch.
Absolutely vote no. Then GOP can go nuclear, and all Trumps future picks sail through unimpeded.
Horse hockey! The man outsmarted UR lame attempts to get him to give specific comments on possible #SCOTUS cases, nec him to recuse himself.
Please please filibuster him!!! #trumprussia investigation first
There is no real trump russia connection.
The Senate Democrats had already decided not to do their jobs before Gorsuch's name was presented! We know you!
Like Justice Ginsberg? She refused 2 answer many-resulted in The Ginsberg Rule-Uu have NO reason not 2 approve him other than being Partisan
SENATE DEMS ARE A BUNCH OF POMPOUS TWITS AND ASSES.
Trump is a  treasonist thug don't approve Gorsuch!
Any proof of treason would be greatly appreciated. Don't have any? Didn't think so. More kool-aid?
Vote no on Gorsuch!  A Russian traitor will be choosing our Supreme Court justice.
Thanx 2 all Senators who R voting NO on Gorsuch.  He's a big biz supporter who lacks humanity....even if he were a Dem, the vote should B no
@SenateGOP will on a bipartisan basis with 3 @SenateDems will put #gorsuch on the #SCOTUS ... ignore dishonesty of leahy, @SenatorDurbin
No, you guys being children is the issue.
He need not say anything he knows the job is his
He wouldn't say anything. He's still a sitting Judge, even if he doesn't get SCOTUS.
I think the American People should vote for the Supreme Court Justices not a political confirmation/political confrontation.
Agree. However, his historical record proves his agenda of bigotry & unrealistic originalist views WILL undermine our basic rights #VoteNO
guess leahy is only ok when #libtards cartel votes in block for his policy. only @gop appointed judges such as roberts and kennedy do.
He's a terrible choice and all Senate Dems must unite against him. #TheResistance
I like him
.@SenatorLeahy Thank you for your truth and voice and your #novotegorsuch we the people! #resist
He has had a makeover 4 tv. Why not show him as he was O mighty media. He is pro business. Of you get hurt a lawsuit won't b an option.
Spare me. You planned to vote against him from the beginning. #Obstructionists He'll be confirmed and you hate it.
Concourse it was.  Probably planned.
