Even by President Trump's standards, his tweets about Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski were shocking http://cnn.it/2sUQhAI  
But he loves the Lord.  I'll take that trade.
He @POTUS #groped a married Pregnant woman @GOP @VP @SpeakerRyan #bankrupted #moralValues whom wld #JESUS #grope?
I don't know one person that doesn't regret something in their past. Are you saying Trump would have to be perfect?
@POTUS never gave a 2nd thought about poor Malia n Sasha when degrading #44 not a US Citizen, NOT A #Christian etc .@GOP love it
Really and all the cnn and CNBC remarks constantly at him and his family are ok. Are you kidding.
He has always, in my experience since 1980, been a graceless SUB-HUMAN being.    Lock him up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Two years ago we had a wimp for president.
All theater. Obama may have ACTED as if he had class, but he, with liberal help, robbed the country and tore up our constitution. UR vile.
Amazingly graceless is very accurate! You poor people!
That was an historic moment....
I find nothing amazing about this president except that he appears to believe he represents the views of a majority of voters.
He is not real he is a FAKE PRESIDENT
WE voted for a Fighteran All American Prez that takes no shit . We had our fill of the Deceiver, Phony, Underhanded Obummer.Keeping it Real
Fake account. Stolen photo
You don't seriously believe Obama knows or believes in Amazing Grace, do you?
Yes.
What's truly vile are his voters and apologists. They cheer as he stands in Times Square shooting women bloody with his automatic mouth.
Tortured comment. Try again.
He's not my President. You bought him, you own him...you can tame the beast if you like. NOLA DEA man once said nature gonna take its course
Oh so your not American, well I guess that makes more sense.
I'm very American. Irish American. US Navy orphan born, USAF raised, Army Vet. Go put a leash on your Trumpanzees sick mouth; 4,3,2,1 Green.

I am army retired ,pay alimony monthly. To my ex-spouse. And would love for you to assign, a nice lady to move in,
Obama was a smooth talking politician but he doesn't understand "Amazing Grace."
Beautifully said!
He @POTUS #groped a married Pregnant woman @GOP @VP @SpeakerRyan #bankrupted #moralValues
Enough is enough already. The man is #Unfit to hold the office of President. He is no leader. Do something already. #ImpeachTrump
oh shut up
It's despicable.
Seriously, sang? That treasonous puke nearly brought down the Republic. You of his ilk? Shame and bad karma on you.
Amen, @RepRoybalAllard! You hit the nail on the proverbial Tang-haired head. Impeccably said!
Better to get harsh words than obozo smile with a kife in your back
@SenatorLeahy @CNN shocking.
Amen!
Let's stop separating trump from his actions, he's vile, he's disgusting, he's a liar, he's a poor example of a leader... no more bs please
-Facelift? And I thought it Botox all along, like Botox Pelosi & her mental declined. Its Xanax time.
Btw, Obama incited cop-violence
Take a listenCheck out this video on YouTube:
Going to watch it again. Thnx for the reminder.
Get off the woman's card. Mila and Joe have been making comments.
What a great Tweet!  Such a difference in men who hold the same office. One highly qualified and one clearly not!
for wont of a word: deplorable. . .
What's so shocking?  Mika had a facelift.....who cares!
To the 24 Dems who voted 4 Kate's Law & Punishing Sanct Cities:Thank u,Thank u,Thank u. U did the right thing.To the others: You suck!
I think somebody should inform Trump & McMasters they must go through Congress before making any decision to attack N. Korea
Your whole PARTY is amazingly graceless. Obstructionists every one of you and your leftist crybaby media. Go away.
I was proud to let my children listen to Barack and or Michelle. I want my kids to grow up to be like them. I feel so sad.
If my children did ANYTHING like that to ANYONE, there would be more than a time-out in order. NO PHONE, INDEFINITELY.
Better than the democrats today and their "Amazing Incompetence". Americans can't stand you anti-American progressive wannabe communists.
How many lies did Obama tell while he was singing a song? 2 billion 3 billion, 200 trillion!
Very well said, madame!
Comparison to President Obama is what drives DT most crazy!
#amazinglygraceless
Indefensible is a word someone should teach @SarahHuckabee. Those words should NEVER come out of a U.S. President's mouth. #pugnacious pig!
They show an unhinged person who is undignified and unfit to be President of the United States.
@FLOTUS said the "Our Father" prayer in public.Berry Sotoroy loved the muslims
Agree. No grace. Thank you for standing up. #nobystanders
@Maggyw519 Exactly.
Vile attacks have been coming at him for 2 years. You have yet to be enraged at that.  Even the score.
No we are immune after the attacks we have been watching Obama take gracefully for  his 8 years -you have who you want and still can't stop!
They hate having a black President so much until they voted for this mess we now have as POTUS
They hate us that much. It's either suffer in silence or we'll destroy this country.
This is accepted from this man because of inbred hatred, taught evil pride of white people thinking they are superior so they voted for him
This is unbelievable vulgar and disgusting because of inbred hatred  and racism this man is our President a black POTUS would lynched
It time to use the 25th amendment. How long must we tolerate his crassness, volatility, and dereliction?
Beautiful tweet! Can you believe from Obama to this ignorant buffoon?? Shocking
Can't say I'm proud of his response, but singing a song doesn't prove anything either, it is what's in ones' heart.
@POTUS44 was entertaining but he was weak & no media outlet attacked him personally like this. @MaxineWaters "scumbags" on TV 
@POTUS #WINS
Trump deflecting commentary from his healthcare failure.
That's what we need now, some Amazing Grace.
The GOP owns this President's stupidity and hypocrisy and will cost these Reps. with deaf  ears.
Trump might sing if you ask him. How about, I'm Too Sexy For My Shirt?
I really wish the president wasn't an active troll on the internet.  Sigh....
Singing Amazing Grace doesn't make one gracious nor a Christian. We've seen BOs actions/results & who he associated with. Speaks volumes.
I don't think we can focus on his tweets
Not more'n his actions
Yeah, bottom line, it seems that his thinkin' is stinkin'
Congress,impeach Trump. This is another example that he is unfit and displays a definite pattern to abusive, bullying behavior. IMPEACH
What part of that has anything to do with impeachment?  At least have a real arguement
It's hard to believe he's fit to be president if he has so little self control that he tweets such garbage. So yes it does.
Now we have a president represents all the people of the United States
you as Looney as the other senator
How can this guy who says he loves America but all of his action should how much he hates the American people? Actions Speak louder than ___
#CensureTrumpToday This behavior must be stopped!
Do you want @POTUS Trump to sing
I am loving this congress outwardly anti-Trump social media blitz. Gives the American people hope! After all. We need congress to impeach 
