it should be clear by now that he stands with those forces of hate.
#CTRLleft
ok


What's your point exactly?
that you need to delete your account
And we've come full circle
The Dissembler and Creep has answered that question too many times with his tweets of hate.
"I think you know the answer to that"
Why ask a question you already know the answer to?
He failed to #namehim
Anitfa and Black Lives matter are the hatred and bigotry. They are trouble makers and they should have been arrested.
Not an option
Not a position
And it's not going to be accepted.
The president is driven by ego-stoking adoration. The bigots love him, so standing against them means harming ego.
There’s only one legal means left to deal with a president who won’t represent the majority of Americans. Congress must remove him.
Senator, @realDonaldTrump has repeatedly shown he is on the side of bigotry and hatred. When will Congress act to impeach him?
Apologies, Senator: POTUS has not been neutral.
It is clear where he stands @realDonaldTrump the ? America wonders is why haven't you moved to #ImpeachTrump #RussianMoneyLaunder #Truth
He admitted today where he stands: with the Nazis
These Nazis & KKK groups should be designated as domestic terrorists, their citizenship stripped from them and deported. They are  TRAITORS!
With all due respect, sir, this is a pretty lame question to ask a bona fide racist.
I'm again sickened and disgusted by this POTUS. When will enough be enough with him? he is unbelievable.
When is enuf for Congress to have courage to do something & rid us of all wh nat'lists in govt: T,Pence,Gorka,Bannon,Miller,Sessions,DeVoes?
No, he doesn't.
Words mean nothing. In the end, Your actions Will Define you. What will YOU do to save this country from this Madman called Trump???
And if he doesn't respond to you, Senator Leahy, what then?
Then... nothin'
He has shown you and all of us He stands with Nazi in America
Tweets are only words & not enough We need action. You are our senior statesman get with McCain and do something! @POTUS is morally unfit
HE STANDS WITH THEM! DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!
You have your answer sir.
Return funding to domestic terrorism immediately! Time to #DoSomethingGOP & #ImpeachTrump
Oh Senator, you are being too coy!We all know from recent lies and events where, exactly, donald stands. Treat this as it should be treated!

Simply you are manipulating this situation. We know your agenda is using this to bring in more refugees. WELL, NO IS THE ANSWER.
Lol, have you not listened? He has repeatedly denounced the act(s) of what occurred. Quit manipulating. Your disgraceful. #unity
Why in hell r u asking? Do research on altright wh nat'lists-they r not nice guys but r kkk/nazis in disguise."You will not replace us."
@realDonaldTrump is not neutral in the subject of white supremacy.  His position is abundantly clear. #DrainTheSwamp #Charlottesville
Where is the real presidents,? Obama , Clinton even Bush would have denounced this . God help us and forgive America
Did you denounce the racial hate fomented by #BlackLivesMatter  when they burned cities and assassinated police officers?
No Notsies.
Neutral? Are you actually on the crack pipe? You too must choose. Nazi kkk idiots, or people that resist them? Neutrality is unacceptable.
Don't ask questions you already know the answer to Senator
Asking the same question over and over and expecting a different answer? Enough with the obligatory, respectful, dissension tweets. #Act
Thanks for fighting for us
Do you stand by the Constitutional guarantee of peaceful assembly? Whether it's scum like Nazis or Black Panthers the 1st amend applies.
Sir, he has made it clear where he stands. #trumpMustGo
W all due respect--weren't you listening today? It's obvious what @realDonaldTrump stands for. He's a vile racist.
He stands WITH THEM! Catch up, Senator Leahy. The CON MAN wearing business suits is an ENEMY OF THE UNION OF STATES!
There was NOTHING neutral in what he said today!  Quit giving him an out!
Asked and answered.
NOT BEING POTUS!
Oh he stands with them, no doubt. So congress your move.
Neutrality?  are you EVEN paying attention? POTUS came out as a FULL BLOWN NAZI SYMPATHIZER TODAY.  no ifs, ands, or buts. 

DO YOUR JOB! 25
Quit asking. We know the answer. Impeach him now.
Really ?
Mr. @SenatorLeahy say he is unfit to lead, the people will thank you for it.
He answered that for the 100th time today, Senator. It's time to stand up for this country & DO something. Your words mean nothing. ACT NOW
He's answered that pretty clearly. Those white supremacists were "very fine people".  Any retraction at this point is unbelievable. A lie.
Sen., if I heard right, he also condemns the victims of Saturday's horror.  GOP just as wrong for enabling man with  dementia, all for $ ?
Time to walk away from this morally empty man, 45... but his True self has emerged again, he's an isolated empty man..
It's too late to ask this question. Today he CLEARLY chose racism&bigotry. I beg you to listen & #ImpeachTrumpNOW Put American citizens 1st!
Senator. He's given us the answer. Time after time. He's not neutral. He's a nazi sympathizer. Now we need to act 2 remove him from office.
It wasn't neutrality, Senator. It was a backpedal 2unhurt Duke and his ilk's feelings. It was a clear statement to them that he is in line.
Senator, you are a humanitarian politician of modern d
You are one of the greatest politicians of a modern America... Bigotry is the product of political poverty & wrong concept...
He won't answer. You didn't even tag him in the tweet. What are YOU going to do? When will YOU stand against it? Non-action is not an option
No. Don't ask. Act.
How much more does he need to say?!Were u not listening?!Protect our country from this lunatic.
He's not neutral. Trump sided with Nazis. His side is clear. #impeachtrump
....#25thAmendmentNow

I think his statement today made that clear.  He said the KKK (some of them) are good people! #ImpeachTrumpNow
He stands WITH them. Have you not been listening?!? SMDH....
He answered that question during campaign..no need to probe anymore. He's a Nazi. His parents kkk members. People of color knew
The answer is clear: he's with them because they are "his base".
Where were these cries when Obama refused to condemn radical Islam?
Talk is cheap. Tweeting is easier. #Impeach45 #IMPEACHMENTNOW
He's definitely not neutral on this issue.
I think he's made it clear for years, but he slammed the door shut today.
Is that a rhetorical question, Senator? Because we already know the answer.
Obama and Eric Holder stood with black lives matter

How come you left wing racist defended black lives matter when they were wanting to kill police officers
The answer is obvious. Stop asking the same pointless question and do something.
??? Are you really still asking?
Stop asking the question.  The president and the entire @GOP stand with the klan and nazis.  STOP ASKING THE QUESTION
#25thAmendmentNow
