Jeff Sessions is "amazed" a U.S. judge "on an island in the Pacific" (ie Hawaii) can impact federal law http://www.cnn.com/2017/04/20/politics/kfile-sessions-psychoanalyze/index.html … 
@followmejewels How is that Russian Conspiracy thingy going?
We are Counting on You and a Few Others To Save Us. #WeThePeople #CriticalTime
Can he be any more ignorant???
This what happens when globs are regurgitated from toxic waste swamps-mindless.
@jeffsessions  he says it was a joke. No sir, you are a joke!

I will never understand how people who look like him dare act like they're inherently better than anyone else.
Not for long. and thank God for that.
How are you leading an impartial fakenews "russia" investigating while bashing @realDonaldTrump ?
Yes, Hawaii is an Island in the Pacific and close enough to N. Korea.
Thank the Founders!
@natemcdermott #FireSessions
@MalcolmNance 
His ignorance is exceeded only by his bad grammar.
That liar should be put into a nursery home
Sessions is like a guy in a sitcom. How can he be so totally dense and be the guy in charge? Oh wait. It's Trumpworld.
I am amazed this guys AG
That island should NOT speak or me in MICH
I am amazed that a man like Sessions, of such limited talent,ability & imagination is USAG. A true testament to the mediocrity of the GOP.
And now to the mediocrity of our country.
Trump's election is a sad commentary abt our country.A clueless-dangerous, impulsive narcissist now has the nukes-I'm not referring to Kim
I bet he can spell "about" correctly!
It's twitter short hand to save characters about="abt" or "4"=for. It's clear that you got the point,"bc" you nailed the correct spelling.
But you called half the country clueless so I was wondering if you might be clueless with spelling!
My comment stands. I was referring specifically & singularly to Trump.However, "if the shoe fits..."you know. Finally, I know how to spell.
Once again deflection and distraction ... abt or about is insignificant to the content
Is it just me or should we all be concerned that the AG of the US doesn't understand basic constitutional theory?
♡
@MalcolmNance He would've sucked at: "Where in the world is Carmen San Diego?"
Does this mean he took the little bus to school
Nobody of that high authority can be that stupid
Keep up the good fight congressman!
♡ This! (Well, except the unnecessary god credit/reference.)
Marry me! (Just kidding. I'm married. But I do think you're awesome. So does my husband).
Session's 'I'm just a southern good old boy' act certainly took a sharp turn once he became Attorney General.
ISMH on this one
So you're good with a judge stopping the president from doing what he is empowered to do. Totally constitutional.
It's not constitutional because it's a Muslim Ban. Trump himself called it that, and the constitution says no to discriminating by religion
So you're okay with judging a law on what the reps SAY rather than what's IN the law.
I thank god for you about every other day Mr. Schiff.  You give me hope that our country is still worth fighting for.
Agreed!!!
Sessions probably thinks Hawaii is a part of China.
Or Syria! OMG, let's not drop the MOAB on Hawaii.
.@RepAdamSchiff @natemcdermott Add Sessions to the impeachment “list”.
Such cry baby demwits! Still bemoaning they lost the presidential election. Poor losers not supportive of democratic process.
.@YahshuaFriend @RepAdamSchiff @natemcdermott Attorney General ignorant of jurisprudence & all 50 states -incompetent & must be impeached.
Everyone you disagree with is incompetent.
.@YahshuaFriend @RepAdamSchiff @natemcdermott Mostly those who don’t recognize incompetence when they see it.
How did Session pass the bar ?
Oh that was back on 1950's you know when America was great
@jeffsessions  You're amazed at a judge on an island...I'm amazed that America has taken a nose dive...A low road...A racist Klansman as #AG
I am amazed Jeff Sessions still has a law license.
I'm amazed you can EVEN type on twitter..
Lawd....Make it stop....A potus that speak of dead folk like they living , throwing bombs but 4get where and an #AG that thinks like #Palin
Jeff Sessions is a paid tool of 45, wake up everyone!
Saturday Night Massacre AG
I'm bothered that the pesky guy in the White House gets to do stuff
"Appears to be his constitutional power??!" You're the US Attorney General-- don't you even know?! Your mama is shaking her head in shame.
Unbelievable. . . for 2017. But not really since @jeffsessions is a throwback to 50's era Alabama Jim Crow. Hence not surprising
Coming from a guy who lives in a tree and  bakes cookies
Sessions wants to destroy what he's supposed to be defending!!! The Constitution!!!
You need to recuse yourself from fake Russia probe Schiff.  No credibility!  You are too biased.
After confirmation the 45 team true colors are coming out. That's the real Sessions.
Another example of the crudeness and lack of class in Democratic  principles!
Mr Representative, god has nothing to so with that. Thank the framers of the Constitution.

Jeff Session projects the essence of a biased, bigoted deep South hick town lawyer, made for T.V. Barney Fife
The people of Hawaii R truly disappointed w/ the very people that should be representing them.  Hawaii's main resource was tourism. NO MORE
What credibility AG Sessions has , after committing perjury during his testimony in front of congress?!
Yeah & he went on to say Hawaii island, not Hawaiian islands. The way he spoke was conguant to his obvious ignorance & low regard for Hawaii
Alabama vs Hawaii - let's just say I like Hawaii better. A lot better. No comparison!
I learned all the states & capitals in 4th grade. Which makes me wonder, did Jeff Sessions even go to 4th grade? Should be investigated.
Funny, they don't seem to like Manhattan either. Much more at home in well-tailored districts.
Checks and balances are hard. Stomps foot.
In Sessions eyes that " pacific island" is made up of brown people, not the Alt Right White Americans he likes.
And they cannot determine the law for the whole country can they??
Sessions not amazed. He's angry that the checks and balances really work to keep those rodents from recking our country. Fall dominoes fall.
@natemcdermott Democrats didn't let it slide; Republicans have the (obstructionist) majority.
GOP owns all of this. Bring on the mid-terms!!
He only believes in the island in his mind he lives on
With Old white men telling everyone else what to do, think, & feel
I'd vote for Rep Schiff for a senator or president he's got his ducks all in a row !!!!!
Making hay of this type stuff is a perfect example of desperation.
The very same judge that @jeffsessions approved when #JeffSessions was a Senator
No, we need judges who follow the law for justice not politics.  He acts the fool for political power.
Schiff you are so out of touch with the hardworking middle class.  Start paying attention.
That swamp is so deep now
I'm surprised people defend a state who's biggest problem is the price of milk...
God help us. We have Dopey as an Atty Gen'L.
YAAAAAS KWEEN YAAAAS.  Love you!
A US judge in the USA can make judgements based on US law?  The world we live in!
for sure more significant than #Ala. #Hawaii brought us present Obama & great SA, g politicians.ALa?#GW, #Bentley#kkk#Jeff 
Glad the whole World War II thing wasn't for nothing.
The ignorance in this administration is astounding.
Watching from Aussie (in shock most of the time).  Great job, Adam !
WE, the PEOPLE, must VOTE ALL REPUBLICANS OUT OF OFFICE ASAP! IF WE DON'T, we will have to suffer the consequences. VOTE REPUBLICANS OUT
...and the guy who doesn't understand that runs our #JUSTICE dept. #Scary
thank you for this response to the ignorance of #Sessions
@jackieturner His HOOD is showing. #indictSessions #getout
Jefferson Davis Beauregard Sessions is probably amazed that blacks and Hispanics are allowed to sit on the bench. @SenatorSessions
Focus on Trump's Russian connections! Don't get distracted
Thank God is right.  So sad we have to give an AG a geography and civics lesson.
Yes but the one judge in HI is attempting to dictate policy for the nation. Which is huge overstep of his authority.
You missed the point Hawaii is contained by water, not the case on the homeland
Unbelievably. That this mentality is running the gov of the United States of America.
No the amazing part is the "co-equal" branch can override another.  Maybe some context would help you libtards understand basic sentiments.
I think he knows this but is wearing the "White Supremacist" hat. It's his way to reach the lower base of Trump supporters. White and stupid
Amen!
does his dumbass even understand how our country it's supposed to operate
We all know Jeff Sessions is an idiot.
Yeah, an island (or state) in the middle of the Pacific where the U.S. military presence is, well, kinda massive. #MyHomeMyMana
Is Tucker Carlson still and agent of Putin? Are you expecting us to stop laughing at you sometime this year?
Why u called hi Mr..? Did he showed Respect to Hawaii & the Judge?? all this Disrespect become normal after Trump bus video..
Sessions is still amazed they let black people vote.
Lololol are you serious? An "island in the Pacific" dude, this isn't the Easter Islands. Hawaii is a state, little racist elf. #jeffsessions
Mr Schiff, when you tweet, all anyone hears is BLA BLA BLA! Your a Disgrace  Dividing the country like you & the rest if your party is doing
Seems like the Attorney General (or Bud the Ambulance Chaser for that matter) would know this.
Wow.
He's an ignoramus like the rest of the Trumpsters! They all belong in jail--by their own choices and actions!
He knows...it was just him trying to insult the people of Hawaii...u know, cause its so lovely and diverse there, hence, Paradise on earth!
a reminder that Jeff Sessions also voted yes to confirm that very same judge.
The continued ignorance of trump appointees doesn't even shock me anymore.I'm more than numb.Wishing 4 this to end..teamtrump is exhausting.
Me too..
DJT is NOT above the law. If he doesn't like that, it's too bad. "The Donald" is NOT entitled to break the laws of our country!
That's a big AMEN!
He shouldn't be saying anything?He should b serving time in Fed. Prison reading up on "How To Find GOD"!! NOW!!! #resist
Its as if he doesn't understand how government works
It's a US state and that's a US judge! Jeff's statement was ignorant and disrespectful!
I'm amazed that such an evil, archaic elf has a voice to amplify at all!   Let's collectively shut him up!! Resist this damn administration
I am also amazed by the fact that people still think the earth is older than 6000 years. I mean really!
That Attorney General your referring to is way too accomplished than you are, so watch what you say and stay in your lane little congressmen
As US AG Sessions shouldn't be commenting on issues before any federal court especially involving Trump
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/RepAdamSchiff/status/855152723666362368 … (Ranked 2nd for Apr 20.)
Wonder what Sessions would have said if a judge in Puerto Rico had signed the restraining order? @RepAdamSchiff
If @jeffsessions is so stupid he doesn't know "that island in the Pacific" has been State of Hawaii since 1959, he's not qualified 2 be AG
US AG has no idea Hawaii is a state and the 9th Circuit a court. Pretty scary and VERY disrespectful. #DumpSessions
Did you play sports when you were young?
Im just amazed at your attitude.No wonder things dont get done in Wash.Geez without Twitter I would never know just how deep resentment goes
Yes some one has to stop this train reck
He is so awful. I've never felt that our laws, esp relating to equal rights, were innsuch danger.
Trump administration is about as mentally ill as he is.
Ok.  Ill give you that one.  Fair enough.
I didn't know Alabama is still part of the U.S.
I am amazed that racist, bigoted, islamaphobes get to run the Justice Dept AND the country.
Trump and this Anti-immigrant movement are only destabilizing our world. This whole tainted election was for SC seats. #LOTUS
Senator keep up the Good work for the People
amazed because he would like to see all of the admin racists bigoted policies implemented ASAP.Setting the country back 100 yrs his goal
I really can't *take* any more of this. Really. Really. Can't. Our exec branch is, literally, a bunch of morons. What're we gonna do??
AND..Mr Atty General, I hope that you did not try to OBSTRUCT the Russia investigation by influencing Mary McCord to Resign...Angry American
@RepAdamSchiff  You're becoming one of my new heroes.  Keep up the good fight sir!
But I did not do a dad gum perjury today!
Now that there shows the closed mind of many southerners. Their community and maybe their state, they know. Everywhere else is suspect. Sad.
@jeffsessions How can an American in government be so ignorant??? Shameful & embarrassing!!!
Amen, Mr. Schiff!
Republicans are amazed most ppl (mid-left) still vote issues , not amount of money a special interest group gives us to destroy earth!
Adam Schiff is part of the Deepstate  shadow gov 
and there is NO Trump Russia 
and is treasonous against our @realDonaldTrump
Spouting off half-cocked seems to be contagious in this Admin.
I'll bet it bothers the crap out of sessions that his perjuring self couldn't become "some judge" in the 80s because he was too racist.
He's just as ignorant as the person he serves! Mrs. Rev. Dr. King tried to tell us!
Litmus test fot Attoeney Generals:  Recognize the 50 states and have a general idea of where they are located.
(And Jeff Sessions voted for "that judge")
Perhaps he can recuse himself from his position as AG.
Didn't someone in ur party claim over population of island to one side could tip island over? What is ur position on this important issue?
Jeff Sessions is a tool...even a 3rd grader knows Hawaii is a state
Hawaii is a beautiful place. Godbless Hawaii
What the .....? He can't put a grammatical sentence together and doesn't know that HI is a US state?
Fire sessions  ow
DJT & his entire "administration" & "staff" need to be fired! What they are doing to OUR country is criminal! They're thieves, liars all.
Not to mention, oblivious, ignorant, arrogant, very, very old & stupid men.
So you're okay with the Citizens United ruling too? Cause you know Supreme Court...Co-equal and all that.
I absolutely hate that ruling, but I can see where the court got it. They apply the laws, not make them. That's congress's job.
Which is why we need Congress to make a new law banning corporate $ in politics. But the courts don't pick and choose what laws to apply
If a corporation isn't an entity, then a union isn't an entity. If you're good with that than cool.
I agree, but I'm not the Supreme Court. I think their ruling was wrong, but there is no higher court to appeal to
@natemcdermott lbVu
And thank God for that!
School that boy  Sessions!!
Has he not been told that Hawaii is a state?
Just shows what an ignorant hillbilly Sessions really is. You can take the Boy out of the Klan, but can't ever get Klan out of the man. Sad!
Well then he should invite people from these 6 countries to his precious state. And don't worry about vetting them. They are good innocents
Besides he doesn't seem to know It's a state, doesn't appear he knows much about the laws he oversees. So what else is new in DJT Admin?
nuts
Jeff Sessions is an anti-semite,racist that should not be anywhere near government.He has  problem with Hawaii because it's mostly not white
Twitt a little less and keep your focus on Russia, Russia, Russia
This administration continues to show us their ignorance. Hey AG Sessions, take a seat!  #assclown
This is what passes as Attorney General?
By AG measure we should fear that Hawaii may be up for sale or trade by @POTUS ! Why enter WWII Pacific just because an island was attacked?
@natemcdermott Jeff S should be put into a nursery home. Too old already
Appointed by a person the ppl didn't elect
Just like a half wit racist can be the chief law enforcer of the country... couldn't get a federal judgeship 30 years ago
@TheJusticeDept I used to feel safe until #agsessions infiltrated our #justicedepartment. It's like having Russia in our #checksandbalances
I'm amazed that the US Attorney General is so ignorant and misinformed.
Are you also investigating  the corruption  in this Admin. For  example: inauguration 
Donation. Pay to play in this Administration.
Senator Adam Schiff where do you stand which the investigation. When do you resume with public hearing.
Jeff sessions wants to make HI a banana republic under trump and russia
And in other related news:  AG Sessions equally amazed 2 learn the earth is not in fact flat

TIP: No more Geography lessons @ Devos Academy
Amazing we have an AG discounting the authority of a judge based on state origin as we have a POTUS doing same based on country of origin!
He is another "unqualified                incompetent" in office illegitimately
How can you guys inflict the world with knuckleheads like Trump and Sessions?
Well said Rep. Schiff!
And it's an archipelago
Sorry he has never heard about the constitution
Mr Schiff, you should run for President
Really looking forward to your committee progress on #TrumpRussiaCoverUp Thank you!
U.S. state?  Check.  Co-equal branch?  Check.  Lawful/constitutional ruling?  No way.
...and all the worms have come wiggling out ever since this guy cheated his way into office.... I suspect we'll be seeing more of this...
Trump has discredited a judge for his Mexican Heritage,  claiming the judge has no right to hold a hearing against him because of his race..
