Not the Supreme Court.
Right into an authoritarian kleptocracy.
When a man who is unfit for the office & has been installed by way of meddling from a hostile foreign regime, 1/
the top law enforcement group & an unconstitutional program to keep legal voters from voting, you're damn straight
I will not accept a man who has not revealed his business ties or taxes.
It's obvious your plan is to obstruct Trump every way u can so save me your bullshit excuses for ur vote. Time for term limits
Did you sleep though the last 8 years? GOP opposed PBO on everything. Even if he supported their own bills!
Republicans never acted like the sore loosers Dems are. Never did they walk out and refuse to do their job.
That is hysterical.
But true.
They acted like sore losers for 8 years.
They still confirmed Obama's cabinet without the complete bullshit Dems are doing.
Unless, like Bannon says, one wants to "burn it all down". If you want the federal govt destroyed, carry on.
Your statement is an example of partisan opposition politics and shows you can't get over the Dem loss in 2016 Pres Election.
one of the best this country has is this Judge. True Constitutionalist with no person ideology in decisions. We need this
no on gursuch and no on devos - stop these two!
Senator quit whining about the SCOTUS nominee and do your vetting and stop the partisanship! Show leadership!
DONT block Neil Grouch; he is the best legal mind on the bench; thank god not a democratic ideologue. Reps followed BIDEN RULE
You are PATHETIC & a LIAR.  You should resign if you will not support Neil GORSUCH, a great legal mind & Consitutionalist.
Filibuster.
Just say NO. This pick would jeopardize womens right to choose, public unions right to organize, etc. Time to play hardball!
Republicans showed contempt for process by blocking Garland.They stole this appointment. I want Dems to now get tough! Block!
THANK YOU. Now please challenge Prez CREATING chaos, whatever motive. Surely, failure of Oath at some point? Please help.
you are a complete political hack
Please oppose this nomination. GOP stole seat.
what unconstitutional actions? Or should I just accept your statement bc you are a Senator and smarter than me?
proud you are my Senator. Deeply appreciate this thoughtful statement. Denying #MerrickGarland hearing was a shocking travesty
Block him.
How can you put out a statement so full of flat out lies??? You're not even trying to camouflage the lies.
#FilibusterGorsuch
You voted along with every other Senator, including Obama, to confirm #Gorsuch to the 10 circuit.  REMEMBER?? UNANIMOUSLY
Do you ever have an independent thought beyond partisan hackery? Good grief you voted for him before.
Time to stop the DC Dog and Pony show! America was nearly bankrupt, We need jobs and businesses back in USA!
Have you looked at the Dow & NASDAQ lately? Business has done very well.
Businesses looking forward to the tax cuts.
Why is it that after politicians get elected, they become millionaires?
U haven't seen anything yet. Trump dossier says Putin promised him 19% of Rosneft if sanctions lifted. We'll see.
Leahy is a Globalist who wants to continue to enrich himself while Americans lose their jobs, homes.
Stop posturing...
Please oppose Gorsuch nomination to #SupremeCourt to protect #WomensRights and #EqualRights
you confirmed him in 2006 just a reminder since you lack memory
hypocrisy, sir
.@SenatorLeahy if you're so against Gorsuch's nomination, why was he UNANIMOUSLY confirmed by Senate in 2006, INCLUDING your confirmation?
that was then this is now. He's become a more sophisticated Senator now.
I like what VP Dick Cheney told you... remember? We all feel that way.
we are depending on you to save our Court
NO! They don't deserve even a hearing! You're a coward! Tell them we will wait until 2018 mid-terms like they did to Garland!!
The idea that this twit has been in congress for  40 years is sickening.
Typical lying democrat.  He was good enough in 2006 but not now? Where you lying then or now or maybe both times?
Your behavior has come back to bite you. #SupremeCourt
hmmm. So what's up with 2006? You voted yea for him then.
Just in case you need help figuring out how much of the country supports this nomination...
You, sir, along with Obama, Biden, Kerry, Clinton, Schumer, and other dems confirmed him in 2006. Why spew so much hatred now?
It's the Supreme Court?
Hypocrisy, your real name is Democrat.
Thank you Harry Reid for the nuclear option
Why the change of heart? P-p-p-politics, that's why. #DoYourJob
Did you find Obama's 2011 Iraqi refugee 6 mo ban illegal to? (Trump 3 mo) How about Obama's permanent ban on Cuban refugees?
Group protesting against Gorsuch is Soros funded - Soros gave $5,235,000 2 Orgs 2 oppose nominations

http://www.discoverthenetworks.org/Articles/GEORGE%20SOROS'%20WEB%20OF%20OBSTRUCTION.htm …
confirm Gorsuch like Republican confirmed Obama 2 nominees! Don’t be a political hack this time!
Yes, except for that little Merrick Garland thing...
Thought your statement was going to discuss the new #scotus nominee. Not Political diatribe. You liked him in 2006. #Pathetic
how much more bipartisan/mainstream can you get than a nominee who YOU and many other democrats voted for?
Hack fraud politicians. You supported him in '06.
what a partisan hack
please do everything you can to block this nomination.

You voted for him in 2006 to the 10th Circuit! Enough with your damn double talk.
I guess at your age your memory doesn't server you that well...So let me help. You voted for him 10 years ago
I know that 2006 was a long time ago. Let me know if you need help remembering your vote for Neil Gorsuch.
thank you! We need the Dems to stay string, no matter how much Repubs whine!
Thank you, Senator. I'm trusting you will ultimately vote NO!
. @SenatorLeahy Thanks for opposing Trump's right wing agenda.
You guys want to continue to Globalize US, control businesses and take away jobs. Not anymore!
you want trump's corporate take over
All Obama/Hillary did for at least 8 yrs. was peddle influence to line their pockets.I know Trump thru a friend and trust him
trust him as he establishes a dictatorship? Violates the constitution. Disregards human rights. Denies climate change.
Obama was the one trying to overthrow our government and you don't even realize it. He planned a coup w Clinton.
@SenSchumer 

Please don't forget this...

11/3/16 NPR Article: "If Clinton Wins, Republicans Suggest Shrinking Size of SC" 
thank you. I wouldn't Trust anyone Trump nominates. We see right thru his ulterior motives.  Please vote NO on all nominees
you also work for the people. You are making decisions based on your personal politics and not on fact
Guess what? Most of the people are pro-choice & don't want Roe v Wade struck down.
And? Who is talking about striking it down? Prolifers just don't want 2 pay for it with taxpayer dollars
Hang tough, Senator, the future is at stake. Tisa from Vermont
you voted for him in 2006, here's to hoping every one of your constituents knows this and realizes you are a fraud
thank you!
@ceeee_geeee @tfboxcar OMG! Laughing so hard, I'm choking. How I love ur liberal tears! You do know he'll be confirmed, right?
Choke harder.
Literally, seriously, literally have tears rolling down my face. After 8 long yrs of an America hater in office...Life is good!
Uh, Trump's "advisor" said he's a Leninist & wants to "burn it all down" regarding the US. How patriotic is that?
...but poor @realDonaldTrump is at a disadv. Never taken civics. Never read the Constitution. At least Gorsuch has.
Gorsuch is not for #EqualRights must be blocked for 1,450 days.
more like 2920 days hahahaha
Good luck with that.
@RossSvenson He's a better man than you and he will be confirmed. Elections have consequences(stated by 44)
there's a reason why Congress had the lowest approval rating last year. Looks like more of your kind need to go.
Actually, Dems added seats in the Senate & House. Yet, Crosscheck & gerrymandering kept House safe for GOP.

you confirmed him in 2006.
yes he did.
We don't need children throwing temper tantrums in the Senate. We need legislators who actually work.
did you miss the last 11 months or something? #MerrickGarland
If Hillary had won she would have gotten her pick. Lame duck Presidents never get to choose.
yes, sitting presidents have made nominations in their final year
only if they hold a party majority
There is no rule against a president nominating a justice in his final year. Congress chose to obstruct.
And they learned it from the earlier behavior of Biden and Obama. Know your history.
sure. My point is that there is no rule. Congress can chose to obstruct - either side can and does do it!
You can't stop us
If Democrats filibuster this pick after approving in July, it will be clear which members of Senate should go.
Let's get together and get a list of all the Obstructionists and do a http://Change.org  to vote them out!
We appreciate your courage to stand up for women and for decent people.
no no no. Thank you
THANK YOU!  NO VOTE!!!!!
we like your statement.
Good job
