Watching CNN fall apart like
That's an excellent choice of gif! You are probably just about as intelligent as a cartoon starfish.
Your mistake... That is a CNN reporter. ,
At least that was funny, Rebekah. Nicely done, although of course I disagree. 
We all agree more then we think. We should just all laugh for awhile. 
I'm not sure about that, but I do love when I find little gems like you in a sea of frogs. 
Speaking of gems of the sea... Do you think those gems would eat all politicians and reporters? Then we could start over from scratch!
I'm not mad at reporters right now, but they are free to eat any and all politicians. I think there are a few decent ones on both sides, but
Stop saying "MEDDLING" Russia ATTACKED us! They HACKED voter rolls in 39 states. How can you expect anyone to take "MEDDLING" seriously?
"Meddling" is what your annoying MotherInLaw does. 
Attack, sabotage, act of war!!
"Meddling" should be extirpated (uprooted.) Attack, sabotage, act of war; Cruise Missiles of weaponized faux info; brain=new battlefield.
Thank you! I cringe every time I hear the word "meddling" how do they expect anyone to take the Russian ATTACK seriously using that word?
It's a GOP word to defang the grim attack. I keep track of "Meddling" users & try to tweet them w/ meme. (You're welcome to use the meme.)
Another anti-meddling meme. We are losing 3/4 of the hard-won decency since FDR/Perkins. We were fire-bombed with weaponized faux info.
Love it. I copied and will use it until they stop using that damn word!
I do the best meddling. Believe me!
#Trump is just an a""hole & a huge disgrace & embarrassment to the US & the entire democratic World. If Putin could run rings round Bush &
Just can't get off the Russia thing... Korea is real threat and your concerned about the Russian hack of nine months ago! Report news!
If stepped up spying efforts known/what does POTUS or DEFENSE do about it? I'm simple US citizen & bewildered why on news for spies to know?
.and WHO CARES!  All go to spy on each other.  Common knowledge. #CNNisFakeNews
how on earth did Russia have anything to do with the election, to say they "meddled" is ridiculous! Lying liberal media!
Russia hacked the DNC email server & then John Podesta's Gmail by getting his password with a phishing email. They leaked the stolen emails.
Russia was involved in social media operations to weaponize the stolen emails & other stories to help Trump win. That's just for starters.
What? Sorry most republicans are just tired of liberals. Period. Russia didn't tell us to be annoyed by liberals
The feelings are mutual. I hate trumpers... You are all delusional misfits intent on hurting poor and decent ppl. You are the terrorist...
Sorry to hear, Trump was not my choice for president, I just do NOT support liberal hate! Tell me what you are doing for the poor?
Trump can never admit to Russian meddling because it is his "criminal admission  notice"!!
This is just more proof that our president just clouds the truth and lies, instead of taking the office seriously what a joke
Gosh! Move on!
3. attention span is dangerously short & whose key strengths only lie in insulting strong women & the media #WeskestPotus  #LoomingDisaster
2. & Obama (both of whom were at least more stable in WH & more Intelligent than T), he most certainly will destroy clueless Trump, whose
Where is proof?
More Of Trump's Prevarications!
A Patriot, finally.
is that why hillary killed the ppl who hade the poof? we will find out tge real truth in ppl will go to jail
.you guys need to put a sock in it already. Shut up and sit down. #CNNisFakeNews #CNNisISIS
This was an attack on our democracy by Russia, period!
Trump is a traitor and a coward , no spine in that person
But Trump knows better, he said he did! 
@realDonladTrump not only a narcissistic bragard but a really really good bootlicker!!!
Hmmmm....
You guys reported when he lied under oath and needed to resign, now you give him a spot because he said some stuff against Trump? #FakeNews
Maybe he meant Flynn and his son inlaw???
Pick a side, its simple, who is constantly lying vs people who fight everyday to keep us safe, #Resist
Not what he said a while back. Of course, he has lied to Congress before.
Every other word out of Trump's & his apologist's mouths are deflections, dismissal, denial, denigrations...then there are the evil ones.
Kelly con job?  Sarah huckleberry ?
The evil words from Trump.  But those two will do, too.
Clapper must have not received the memo where @CNN was giving questions to HRC in advance of debates. Geez I know & I'm just a civilian!
Trump be lying because he knows his supporters are on the non thinking side, something he has said about Republicans
Fake
"That's news to me".....still hasn't shown how many Russians voted in the election.....hint hint.....it's 0 (exc. dual nationals)
Any other President besides @realDonaldTrump would impose the toughest sanctions on  since the Cold War
#CNNBlackMail
Some Americans will believe ANYTHING that comes out of the con man phony FAKE president.
Lies every other word... reality people.
it's on CNN #fakenews can't believe anything they report or anyone who appears on their network
Clapper also stated there is NO EVIDENCE of Russia hacking.  Clapper, Yates, Comey and CNN have all said this.
Retreating CNN?? How funny
You saw no evidence that it was Russia. Your entire report waa based on report by company hired by the DNC
You analyzed ZERO evidence yourselves. Sit down
"Please note the nuances."
Our president lies to us.  That sucks.
Always. He is incorrigible.
The DNC did, ask Bernie supporters!
OMG will you get over yourself already? We the people are getting a little weary of this rhetoric. Move on already!!
Traitor @realDonaldTrump is just trying to deflect as much as possible from his employers in an attempt to invalidate the investigations
The Russians have been meddling since Stalin.  If Clapper wasn't meddling in Russia, what the hell were we paying him for?
Trump lies. You need to apply the English language correctly to Traitor Trump. When he lies, call it a lie! Grow a pair! #treason #lockhimup
#RussianPuppet #RussiaGate  #G20Summit #Hamburg
Trump is a fake President spewing fake news. I have coined-and trademarked-a term for Trump. He & his leeches are HATRIOTS.
This guy lied to congress why would we take clappers word for anything other country's have meddled & Obama did it as well
So, our national embarrassment is in Hamburg meeting with Putin. Trump has that "I'm serious" look on his face, but Putin knows DT is stupid
@realDonaldTrump To refresh your memory! #TrumpRussia #MadeAmericaWorse
From the masters of  manipulation CIA
Puppet
Deflating the investigation. Deflecting our concern. A master of rhetorical manipulation.
Trump is ridiculously amateurish @AttorneyHerman
They were part of the 17
Why wouldn't they hack in Mr. Trump invited them and still refuses to admit .
Maybe he meant himself - @realDonaldTrump

The only way this debate will be settled (maybe) is when concrete proof is shown to the American public. Trump implied Russia was involved.
Well, Obama meddled in Israel's last election.  Remember that?  I do.

Clapper and Brennan:  Telling us the truth. Screaming warnings which are credible unlike trump.
Clapper & other U.S. agencies have hacking software able 2 emulate Russian software and DID hack into state's election servers during Obama!
And you STILL have nothing.  #fakenews
That's because you're a bought and paid for liar for the criminals who are hiding behind the scenes.

#Russians did not sway the vote, the #Media helped people realize that #Democrats are dangerous.
How many times does 17 different investigative agencies have to tell you that Russia hacked us how many times before you wake up!!
No? How about DNC meddling and colluding against Bernie during primaries? @JamesClapper
Oh now come on if WH says it with no proof you must believe , lots of bigly  countries helped, we don't know for sure but yah bigly things
So amazing all you #FakePatriots supporting this disaster of a #FakePresident. Go have one of your #maga circle jerks and learn Russian.
Another day another Whopper added to the NY TIMES  list. #DontheCon #popularvoteloser #makerussiagreatagain #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
Thank you for the straight answer.
Others meaning @realDonaldTrump and his thugs.
and yet, the deplorables still believe every lying syllable out of their Orange Buffoon King.
#FakeNewsCNN I presume you also think Obama and James Comey are Russian agents. Liers.
Trump needs to show America his taxes. He's having a private meeting with a billionaire spy, DT is greedy and cares only 4 himself. B4ITS2L8
Notice DT fires anybody that shows integrity; Yates, Comey, the judges, anybody that told the truth. He lies and says it's you, believe me.


Hey @ReaganBattalion maybe if Trump would agree with this openly people might not think he is a Russian agent or Russian dupe or whatever
Or that
LibDems still hacking the election.  Clapper a Obama lackey.
Awesome!!
Trump lies. A lot.
Oh you missed all the voter fraud?  How convenient for you!
Would love to know what evidence clapper saw that lead to Russia. Lest we forget the DNC never handed over the servers. So how did he know?
The Japanese meddled at Pearl Harbor.
They are still talking about this sh@t?Move on already. Political system is screwed. Nothing will fix it. Russia only made it more apparent.
I wasn't surprised to hear that maniacally deviant say such things, he is so sick.
Yep, the liner and Chief strikes again. So sick of the bastard.
Go work for Obama clapper. You know nothing.
Russia knows trump is a joke
Perhaps Clapper can use simpler words for donald to understand.

Thanks Jack Hamby. Everybody is no a democrat or republican. Both parties suck.
I haven't seen any proof just a lying company crowdstrike saying Russia hacked us but retracted and lied about Ukrain and their hacking
Lol, I still think it's comical that trump denied any Russian involvement in our election for months , now he says well maybe they did
I assumed, when he said "Others meddled in the election," he was referring to conspiring GOP leaders, himself & his team. A tell.
Idiots "MAY HAVE" meddled
Works for me ... round them up.
Can it be said any more clearly?
If you watch the Putin interviews, he plays it off as it "could" have been a private citizen, he's not going to admit to it guys, ever.
MSNBC is reporting there is a false NSA report being passed around to news organizations !!
I'm gonna say the "others" were private citizens of Russia that doesn't necessarily appear to be affiliated with the Russian government.
100% of intelligence agree 0%decending oppinion
@Butterflysmilin It makes sense, after winning/hacking the election they then had something to lose/keep up with. #TrumpRussia
Who really cares what this professional liar has to say? Nice try CNN
Well he's a proven lied so he's not a credible source
TRUMP latest claim as who knows who meddled election not only displays lack of forward thinking & what's NAT SEC means to AMERICA/AMERICANS.
Only in Trumps brain. Which we all know is one very messed up brain. How can he lead when he doesn't trust US Intelligence? Unfit impeach
@realDonaldTrump stop lying! It was all a Russian attack on our election. Get it correct!
They saw no evidence at all. Never looked into "hacked" servers.

yeah q ball you are real credible
what evidence have u seen that russia hacked US elections?  https://youtu.be/LktxEFFKArE  #crazyrussianhackers
I believe you also said Wikileaks meded in US election. Arguably, James Comey and Loretta Lynch did to
Trump lies/ really.
Well said, Mr.Clapper
Fake news
@realDonaldTrump is a liar as usual.
Wait for it... Putin bots are about 2 call Director Clapper fake?
More fresh #FakeNewsCNN and comedy
Post as many Russia narratives as you want.  Doesn't change facts that @potus not involved.  Just confirms world disdain for HRC.
Hey, didn't CNN meddle in the election.  By giving Hillary the questions in advance of the debate?
Trump & friends meddled in the election. He has always said it was rigged. Because he was in on it. Would MSM please editorialize this?

Because you look at Russia only!
tRump's cult followers will believe whatever he says. Now they think real news is fake & fake news is real. Crazy & sickening times.
Clapper lied about NSA collecting data. WTF is he good for?
Clapper seems like such an honest, decent human being. Thank goodness for the people like him who have integrity and courage!
Trump is an idiot. His days of making up BS and sowing seeds of doubt are done.  Anyone with a 5th grade education knows he is a lying fool
Clapper is a paid Obama minion!
Rump cannot be allowed to continue to lie about this. It is dereliction of duty. He must protect this country from cyber attack.
Thank you James Clapper, keep repeating, the Russians...someday 45 will get it .
I heard Albanians and possibly others were paid to hack and create fake news. NPR did a piece on it.
But still no evidence of Russia in the first place. Even if there was I trust Russia more then CNN or this nasty little pischer
Mr. Clapper, have you checked with the other thirteen intelligence agencies? Because contrary to the BS put out...
...by the media and democrats it was four agencies and  I believe with those four agencies their leadership were hacks for the democrats.
@LeslieMarshall  he was referring to BO's hot mike moment I'm sure.
Boneheads!
Clapper is a joke. Oh wait, so is @cnn #fakasfucknews
He just makes shit up
Trump seems to have a lot of trust in his imaginary info.
Obama administration meddled in the French election. Try reporting some of that for your viewers if you have any viewers left.
Our own government meddled in our elections!
Elected officials from multiple states came out and said they had intrusions by the Jeh Johnson's people.  Does CNN care? Nope.
Maybe start with the Washington Post.....
Clapper be if a liar, he perjured himself already. Lol
