My Mother had it too. Horrible disease. Can't even express the horror
Geezus, Woods. Do you honestly believe Alzheimer’s patients even know anyone’s there? They don’t have the cognitive functioning to remember anyone has said anything to them. Research it. 
You feeling ignored is YOUR greatest pain, right? Your mom doesn’t even know you anymore. Guess what, you get to look forward to Alzheimer’s too! How about supporting more research. Read
Read
The most important gift should be brain force plus from Infowars store.
Read
since its a pre-existing condition, trumpcare will leave people w #Alzheimer with no care, no medications, nothing...thats what YOU support
Never! Don't  know where you come up with that crap! He'll  never do anything "against" citizens!
Read
Read
You are so right. I have had an aunt, brother in law and dear sweet friend who died of this horrific disease. It is torture for all.
So true and so important to spread the word! #sharethemessage
Unless they are Maxipad Waters. A stiff kick in that donkey booty would jar her memory.
Read
Are you talking about Pelosi?
Read
Thank you for saying this James 
So true, I was charge nurse in Alzheimer's unit for 20yrs. Was very rewarding. I learned a lot from those special people
How do we k ow if they can’t remember
Thanks for this! I've just been observing how much conversation is a lifeline for those who are losing their ability to do it conventionally
I always liked talking to my mother even though I had to tell her who I was before we started talking. She always perked up during my visit.
Same for me.. my dad would say "oh the nice lady is here..your the fun one!" Lol it made me smile instead of cry..always his daughter:)
He trusted you!
It's amazing how  love can truly carry you through something as devastating as Alzheimer's..I miss him everyday. I cherish every moment!
Always remember those good times. Laugh alot!
He was just overly friendly to people!! Lol
His mind was young.I use to take my step-Dad out for groceries etc.He'd introduce me as his wife. I looked like my Mom when they got married
That's so sweet.... my dad would tell my mom....
Thank u so much for everything... your a nice man.... lol she would say oh thanks!! Lol
I agree!!!! So true. Do not ignore. Alzheimer's patients are still people too.
"Forget"-song I co-wrote & dedicated to my grandfather & those with Alzheimer's. Thought some of you may relate. 
Also the one providing them care. Sometimes it's just one person caring for someone with Alzheimer & they too need to vent or just talk
Mom in latter stages. As you talk with them, be with them where they are in their minds, not where you want them to remember.
My best friend has Altheimer's, they need special care!!!
Yes they do. It's a wicked disease that ends up taking much more than your mind.
Beg to differ. My Fathers greatest pain was losing his mind. RIP Dad.  
Mine too, so sad! We donated his brain, there seems 2 b a correlation between eating food out of aluminum cans & early onset of Alzheimer's.
We donated his brain to science as well. I stay away from aluminum. Even cookware.
Music therapy brings them back. 
Watch this:
Yes, it's likely they go in and out of awareness & may recall what is communicated between apparent episodes, behaviors or interactions.
My friend who is now 94 lost his wife to this in 2008. He was her caregiver. She only responded to him. Love is the greatest medicine.
Thank u sir. I wasn't know thank u
So we should all talk to @realDonaldTrump .
My aunt just passed away from this. It's a horrible disease.
Amen
Amen, my mom passed away from it, some of my favorite memories are just talking to her, she would not remember some of it, but it was fun
It is the greatest pain of all humanity , & these Ppl R still part of humanity. Thanks for the reminder, James. 
They give it to leukemia patient's.
You are pretty awesome James Woods. You and I are very like minded. Thank you for not being afraid to speak your mind.
The elderly at large are being ignored and need to be cherished and given the attention they deserve .
Agreed.When society isn't ignoring the elderly it's either robbing them or disrespecting them.
The face of Alzheimer's. WWII , Korea and Vietnam vet married to his sweetheart for over 60 years.

It does depend on what stage of Alzheimer's they are in.  Talking quietly is always soothing.
Yes, always do so with my mom!
just follow the convo-laugh smile-be involved-they really do respond---been there-hold them tight-
I love the stories they tell the places they went! They relive their lives! If you have a loved one please get medical bracelet
They wander!
Hideous disease. I thought I understood it, until my Mother was diagnosed. It is far more heartbreaking than I could have imagined.
So I guess you don't like being ignored.
You should talk to Donnie Trump more often, then. He clearly has dementia, and being ignored is DEFINITELY his greatest pain.
I felt urgency 2 respond to your kind message, regarding friends/relatives with Alzheimer's disease. I lost friends. http://tatianyc.com/WebPages/poempages/one_more_day.html …
We lost my 95 year old Grandma Elsie Flinn on June 11 and she had Alzheimer and knew that my Dad was gone.
Very helpful and soothing. Avoid showing anger or frustration.
Very true
My dad loved to be loved.  A hug, a smile, an I love you....
AMEN!!
True
Sent to my friend Bill Englert,  who bicycle rides for a cure for Alzheimer. At 69, he's a star!
yes it is.... It is very difficult  to see them "know" ....and suffer
You are quickly becoming my hero James, well said!
You are so right @RealJamesWoods My grandmother felt loved until her last day. It's a lot on a family but you owe it to them especially if 
And giving donations to the Alzheimer's Association I am the facilitator for  Alz. Support Group & I see how the funds r used daily! 
Thanks James for reminding people to care. After all they are the ones who still have the memories.
We all live common lies that make us horrible. #Alzheimers is how the body rebels. Total discontent with what goes for sanity now-a-days.
Great point. I'm emailing this to friends and relatives who aren't on social media.
My son has a good heart, just like you do Mr. James Woods. God bless you and your loved ones.
My Mom had it 10 years...Bad Disease!
They'll prob feel pretty alone without healthcare. Talk may not do the trick. See: Trump
You're right.
They find comfort being near people they are familiar with.
So stupid. And untrue. They don't have a collective "pain", depending on the stage some of them aren't even conversational.
Taking away their healthcare is their greatest pain.
And don't ever make them feel like they can't hear, think, or feel!
Music is a wonderful gift for illness and especially for mental health issues.
True. 
Yes. I agree.
Yes, and talk to them with patience, love and show you care ! God will help you if you ask and trust Him to!
Every baser should have this, made by artist sculptor patriot
As a nurse working 30yrx
 With these people most important listen and comfort and love so important Thank you for bringing this up
Play the music of their lives.... over & over again 
Music works when words have lost their meaning. Play the songs of their youth. Music memory goes last. It's one of the last pleasures.
Music, yes! & old TV shows she loved helped my mom. The Andy Griffth Show, All in the Family. Even when I had to explain everything to her.
I've already have a list together if it ever happens to me.
Thank you for posting So.. True it's heartbreaking to live with the person you loved & they aren't 'THERE' anymore but we can B there4 Them
This applies to brain tumor patients, too. I spent every moment possible last year w/ my mom as she fought Glioblastoma. I regret nothing.
@SenatorLeahy Mom had itDad had it. Kept them together to the end. They knew each other and a true live story
Last 10+yrs of dear mom's life suffering from Alz. Hard. As my firstborn learned to tie his shoes Mom forgot what shoes were. Visited daily.
It's as with any real mental illness: if you can't see the 'broken leg' many people don't understand there is a real issue going on.
That is true! They lose their memory but not their feelings. Thanks for the advice! God bless you! 
The cool thing is you can tell them the same stories over and over again and they'll always be entertained.
Like when me and mom go out for breakfast and she's says, my family never comes to see me and I never get to go out...10 minute loop of joy
They also need protection with a GREAT #Heathcare Coverage
Absolutely!! I was whoever, whenever, and wherever my Nana needed me to be in her mind. It wasn't about me. It was about her
You have a heart of Gold Mr. Woods.
That's why I spend so much time talking to Liberals..... pretty much the samething right?
James thank my dad suffered for years, your an enigma in Holeywood, keep it up.
Feeling lost and homeless because they don't have healthcare is their biggest pain. What the hell is wrong with you? 
#fondaforpresident
UR sweet. I spent yrs speaking 2 guests when my mom was an resident in Assisted Living home in PS. So much wisdom held in elders  #Senior
Is it the Alzheimer's that's caused your brain degeneration and turned you into a Trump supporter? I'll pray to Jesus for you.
God bless the caretaker who becomes the eyes, ears and mind of the Alzheimer's patient.
Amen. I talked to my father as if he could understand me. Sometimes he surprised people by answering completely coherently. Golden moments!
Absolutely Agree. My mom has been going through alz for 15 years. Treat them normally. Don't worry about correcting them. Go with flow
Amen. Thank you! My beautiful grandmother had alzheimers...i visited her nearly every day. She didnt always know me but was glad for company
Every day that my grandfather remembers my name is a good day
Very true. Hugs too.
Won't matter if Trump care passes Alzheimer's patients will be part of the death by lack of health care crowd
And confusion is their greatest fear.
Thank you for that !
1.) My 90 year old ex neighbor has alzheimers and was put in a Veterans home 3 weeks ago. He is one of the Last of the Greatest Generation
2.) WW2 Vet . Hes a Patriot & a great neighbor over the years. I still visit him. He only knows me for about 10 minutes but I still enjoy
3.) the visits and I get as much out of it as he does!
wonderfully said, James.  My grandmother dealt with this horrible disease and it's certainly tough on the family, but you're so right.
I assume you mean the President?


Having several relatives with Alzheimer's, I totally agree.  Even if you can bring them back to a happy memory for a bit, its worth it!
As I take my dad to emergency I take in your words!
And male sure they have the best care possible that doesn't ruin their family.
even if they ask you the same thang just keep answering it . My wife and I took care of her mother with it for five years.
I agree! My dear Mother in-law suffers this horrible memory stealing disease! She will be 90 years old!
Amen to that. My mom suffered this disease and she was a joy to talk to everyday. Why are people so clueless and mean
I've been through it twice.  Such a feeling of hopelessness.
I have been working with the elderly for many years. Even though they can't remember names, they remember faces and that brings solace, joy
You got it. So, how you doing?
Agreed
14%, or 1 in 7 cases, of ALL Alzheimer's disease is CAUSED by cigarette smoking Source: World Health Organization.
http://apps.who.int/iris/bitstream/10665/128041/1/WHO_NMH_PND_CIC_TKS_14.1_eng.pdf …
True. I work in a place where there are quit a few and if you'll just say hi, ask how they're doing, and listen it will bring out a smile.
Do they like being homeless too?
So True! It was devastating to see my mother wasting away with #Alzheimers Disease. My mother was 68 when she died from Alzheimer's
Awful. I'm sorry to hear. Both my grandparents also but in their 80's.
It was devastating &at the same time her sister was also dying from Alzheimer's. I'm sorry about your grandparents, it's a tough disease
Thats a kind thing 2say &remember It is so difficult 2see the person as they Rnow but the sweet memories U have help U2 love no matter what
I always talked to my mom. Even though she forgot who I was, I never forgot her.
I talked to my mother all the time even got to see her smile right before this horrible disease took her
Im sorry I know how hard it is. I keep trying for those smiles They get less and less but I can't give up !
No don't give up
Being ignored causes an emotional wound as painful as a physical wound
Accept their disease/Don't continuously correct them/If they think it's 1950 & living in happy memories let them/Play music fr that era even
This is correct and most compassionate thing to do. I was the primary care giver to both of my parents. Both passed in their own bed & home.
So true, so very true. #Compassion
Well said!
Good stuff!
U have orange crud all over ur mouth...eeewewee
Traitor
Well said
True! I am a caregiver for an Alzheimer's sufferer and he really likes my visits, even though he no longer knows me 
Very kind thing yo say.
My mother had Dementia and most of my siblings stopped going around her but I never stayed away. She was my mother and I loved her so much.
Agreed; also if you have the time, watch "Alive Inside", it is incredible to see how music affects the patients.
Long distance I had the nurse hold phone to my Dad's ear and had one way conversations w my HERO!
Dear friend was badly confused when dying of AIDS. When I held his hand & talked w/him, he was much happier even when he didn't understand.
Took care of my father the last 10 years of his life. He remembered me till the very end.  Miss him
I never thought of that...good point
Hold hands,talk softly,play their favorite music,live moment 2 moment.Don't feel bad when they forget your name.A terrible disease to watch.
Thank you for that, James.. my mom stage 2
Yes......... Thank you... On so much levels.. Thank you...
Going to visit my dear brother age 63, very advanced stages, thank you.
They may not remember yesterday, but they can recall long ago memories. I took care of an author, amazing man.
It's true. I read the same chapter of Alice in Wonderland every week to a patient. He smiled and laughed every time. 
Just curious James, why the sudden sentiment?
So, so true.  My Mom.  I wish I didn't know what you mean..
Best and most thoughtful recommendation I've heard in a long while. Thanks.
You're right on target Mr. Woods. Thanks for your voice.
Talk to all elderly people
IT is so hard to watch you mom go down this road, she never had much anyway and now the state has took what little she had and the IRS wants
Golden rule James...you are 70
My sister-law has it, it's seems to give her comfort to be "INCLUDE" and not ignored. Very difficult to understand what is happening!
Unfortunately, Alzheimer's and Diabetes are reaching epidemic proportions.

NOTHING Man-Made causing it I'm sure...pffft.
#Dementia & #Alzheimer patients are both calmed by, reading softly or showing flash cards & if allowed, lightly touch or hold their hands
Go where they are..useless to try & drag them back. We cared for mil 4 yrs and what a special time it was for us and her. Would do it again!
Q. Where's the #Alzheimers coming from is the important question. It's came from nowhere to become the No 1 killer in the UK? 

 A. Look up!
Wow...just watched "The Notebook" Again the other night. So True! 
And gentle hugs and touches. Therapy dogs are also the best!
It is indeed.  Speaking from experience.
My dad would perk up when I brought old copies of LIFE magazines for us to flip through together.  Kennedy White House, Sinatra, space progr
You are spot on James
Thank you, James...
yes, we have my 90 yr old mom in law living with us, talking is wonderful, mixed up, comical - gives value, respect and love
What a tender sentiment ...
God please bless and help all those suffering from Alhzheimers.
Thank you. I take care of Alzeimers patients for a living. It is not an easy job, but I love it because I love them.
My father in law Ret Navy Capt would wait for me everyday I'd make him laugh and sneak him chocolate I was the only one he never forgot! 
That's sweet .
You're a good soul @RealJamesWoods
So true! Make a connection where they are. 
Mom in law had this but she love you alking about her cottage and Bingo. It s true keep talk g to them
Thank you James
It also helps their memory...the more they are surrounded by familiar people, places, and personal things the more it helps. Miss my grandma
It's not easy to melt my heart. That did it.
Thanks @RealJamesWoods I look after Alzheimer's sufferers in their homes. I love them. Alzheimer's, biggest identity thief in the world.
Thank you for the kind words.  Sometimes their memories come right back in a flash.  So sad and so beautiful.  Tough disease #alzheimers 
 good information as my mother has just gone through all the testing CAT scans bloodwork. My grandmother had it and now she does to
Amen my Dad had Alzheimer's and sometimes we would talk for hours about stuff I never knew anything about and he would have NEVER told me!!!
They won't remember it lol
I've been a caregiver for the last 4yr it's like time travel.
I heartily agree.
Amen
Thanks for sharing. So important. #alzheimersawarenessmonth
