
@SenatorLeahy as seen on their new homepage
Not Russia, but #AltUSA.  It's the same #President, anyway: Putin. Or who calls the shots in the #US?
Freedom of speech if you don't like it don't look at it....
Brought to you by our hated enemy.  That kinda speech ain't free, it's bought and paid by Russians comrade.
Like BLM and antifa is payed for by the left
No they arent. More Nazi talking points.  You clearly hate America and have joined sides with a sworn enemy. U disgust me.
This says everything we need to know right here . . .
Russia's enjoying all this
this is quite significant IF IT IS TRUE
Neo-Nazi, Russia and Trump - the new Axis perhaps?
Yes sir. The axis of evil.
C how it all comes back to Russia #Russiagate
That legitimizes them in a very special way now doesn't it?
Maybe they can also get a Russian zip code?
Putin is loving this...and so does Bannon.
"But you also had people that were very fine people on both sides," #djt.
Those are not "very fine"!
Talk about irony.  20000000 Soviet dead at the hands of Nazis in WWII.  Strange bedfellows for sure.
Stalin signed a deal with Hitler over Poland too. Didn't end well.
You only need to pay around $3 to get a .ru domain in Russia.......and anyone can do that.
Hey #MAGA pretend Patriots- See this?Do you need any more proof your head is being filled with Russian Propaganda?
@realDonaldTrump 
#resist
Wow..
Color me surprised
Omg.
Ha ha ha! There it is!
COOL! I know I visit http://www.websites.ru  often. Dot ru servers are very popular in lots of countries BWAAAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!
Humm? Well that sure will make it easier for the embedded sleeper agents to communicate with the Kremlin
#Trump must have called in a favor.
Well that's poetic.
Of course it does. tRump links them
Traitors to this country
Dee, chase me. Lol
Get that foot out of your ass. And put it under the right banner boys. Now.
Trumps base: Neo-Nazis and Russians.
Shock
Is this the godfathers website. Lol.
Of course it did.
WTH?! Kick them out of the country. Shut down the Russian domain in the states! Shut it down!
Censor your own life. Stay out of mine.
Shit. People were just making a joke about this the other day. Maybe they saw it and went "hmmm, that's not a bad idea."
Do not speak on what you dont no. May be considered a slip of your tounge.
Why don't all the Neo-Nazi's just move to Russia???
LIBERALS SUDDENLY FORGET HOW TO COEXIST, HYPOCRISY
Thank you Putin for helping my friends continue their tremendous websites.
Now can they give them some land so they can leave our country...
Where do eye not see any neo-nazi in this crowd. Push those flags in the ground and look again dumb as- fools.
Putin doing his best to help destablize America and keeping it divided
Real American patriots right there...
Lol. So russia supports free speech more than american tech companies. Thats good shit right there.
So, they have something in common with Trump: Russian support!
I wonder who arranged that?
But Russia isn't messing with our elections? America's jihadists backed by the Kremlin.
No votes were changed. So define "messing".
What is it with the Russians?
Yes! Russians are so helpful! Putin helped me, BabyTrumpz, in my time of need, too!
Probably hosted on Trump Servers!! #trumprussia
I'm shocked ...said no one ever.
Neo nazi----traitors to our county
Oh, the irony... 
lol we're all shocked
I'd like to know how many viruses come with that Russian server.
Much like the British sending 20,000 mercenaries to the Canadian Border during the Civil War.  Russia wants to take advantage.
@realDonaldTrump SHOCKER! It all comes FULL CIRCLE.
That's Trump's wet dream. Nazi's and Russians together? @POTUS must be swooning.
I want to say something sarcastic but damnit I got nothing. This is all starting to fry my brain.
But of course...Russia!
Yeah how dare they support free speech and not just censor everthing. They must hate freedom.
Tell me more...
Google is busy banning and demonetizing anything that doesn't agree with them. So much for free speech. And no, I don't support Nazis

lmao still peddling this conspiracy  theory huh.. Russians = Nazis hahaha
Ya those people are human garbage.. Wtf does that have to do with this conspiracy theory
WELL THIS WAS UNEXPECTED
isn't that special...


Could you please like change your profile?
What does that even mean?
The swastika in the picture. It's disrespectful, offensive, and insensitive. And kind of slanderous to be honest
Sorry you feel that showing Trump for what he is is slanderous. Go defend Nazis elsewhere.
The Irony is insane.
