He’s  Putins puppet and he will never admit he did anything wrong
I am waiting for the day of truth with Donald J Trump.
Please! Quit whining because @HillaryClinton did not win #2016. Be decent enough to respect #LegalAmericanCitizens choice of @potus Don't pretend you're stupid by denying the truth that YOUR KIND manipulated FISA court to undermine @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IngrahamAngle
Get a job, preferrably in another country.
Free Reality Winner.
Still in detention even after everything is coming out about Russky hacking.
How can she be guilty of revealing classified info if the Russkies already knew what they did and suspected that we had figured it out.
Left out: Our own Americans!
You are part of the criminal DC swamp.
https://goo.gl/jQnUQW 
https://goo.gl/79hzfi 
https://goo.gl/4xdQ3u 

What hinders our ability is the fake news the obstructive Democrats and the snowflakes #America1
#ResistancePrepareToHitTheStreets #ResistancePrepareToHitTheStreets  #ResistancePrepareToHitTheStreets  #ResistancePrepareToHitTheStreets #ResistancePrepareToHitTheStreets #ResistancePrepareToHitTheStreets  #ResistancePrepareToHitTheStreets   #ResistancePrepareToHitTheStreets
You know what is treason?
Selling out American uranium for cash to your foundation or sending $500 million illegally to Iran 
That is treason!
1) Did you read the intelligence report? Just kidding, I know you did. I also know that, by being #2 in the justice dept. MANY countries, during MANY elections, meddled in our elections.

So glad you're FORMER Deputy AG Yates
I think we should call him DOTUS. He's Dotarded. :(
And now 7 months later, without a shred of evidence, you might want to apologize for climbing on the propaganda bus to nowhere.
I have no doubt the 2020 race has already been neatly "Fixed".  Trump won't address interference, he will never cede power by mere election
@VotingVillageDC @votevets #unhackthevote
And you refuse to admit Obama is a Russian!
No wonder you’re so #ButtHurt SALLY. As a private citizen, you should just move on.
Andrew Weissmann is now a deputy for Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s Russia probe. Here's an email from him praising then-acting Attorney General Sally Yates after she was fired in January by President Trump for…
Teumpski is a traitor and money laundering tool for his Russian friends.....and he will fail like he failed in everything ! But this time so deep like never before, believe me
How long will it take to fix this?  Damage exponentially grows.
You should get your job back and be compensated for  how and why he fired you he is a piece of 
How is that exactly?
Except it is not inexplicable. The explanation is: he was complicit.
It was inside leak from Bernie supporter Seth Rich!!! Not Russians. DNC refused to allow feds to examine their servers! No proof it was Russians!!! Stop repeating the lie!!!

The interference was created by dems and president obama.  It’s fact and been proven by @donnabrazile    You should hide you face in shame
What say you about Hillary Ms.Yates?  You seem to be silent on that matter.
Repeal and Replace @GOP for Collusion and Treason! VOTE BLUE 2018
That’s why no Forensic Code Audit of the election has been done. They know it’s the only way they stay in power.
Can't we the ppl make them do a forensic audit?
To say the very least
Not inexplicable, Sally - how can he take a stand against his boss and keep his job?
It reveals his animus
He doesn’t want it to stop
How do we get the 3 month old Russian sanction bill enforced!?
So are you stalking me bc I actually answer you? Read your timeline and you don't get a lot of attention or any responses, likes or retweets
@realDonaldTrump is in COLLUSION WITH RUSSIA. TREASON. 25TH AMENDMENT NOW ABUSE OF POWER. CRIMINAL FAMILY WITH SECURITY CLEARANCE'S IMPEACH
Russian interfered when you were at DOJ Why didnt you stop Russians from Blackmailing Clinton Foud. into selling Russia 20% our Uranium
In light of today's WaPo article showing Hillary & DNC colluded against him, do you stll think he should admit colluding with Russia?
Seems GOP intends to maintain control of Congress in 2018 election, thru Voter Suppression, and enhanced unhindered Russian hacking of votes
Mission Accomplished !!!
That would require he expose his relations to Russia. I would not bet on him doing the right thing.
Not inexplicable. Easily explained. Mr. Mueller will provide the explanation in the near future.
You are an 'insult' to 'intelligence providers, having been an actual one! You're a political hack and last I noticed out of a job!
hmm. How about because he's not folding to PEER pressure as we know now that Russia didn't interfere, but Dems sure did! DEMS hacked 2016!
trump Treason must not stand . Add Conflicts , corruption , Bribery , and self enrichment are 5 pillars for Impeachment . Each 1 SUFFICIENT
Last phrase is WHY he does all he does. @GOP wet dream is perpetual power; they CAN'T win legit in multicultural America.
Oh, it's explainable! He's in BED w/ the Russians, he's a CROOK, his cohorts & administration are CROOKS, and they're DESTROYING our country
You know the news is DNA was a leak not a hack right
We were interfering in other countries politics, elections all the way back in the 1970s. Your insight now is AMUSING! Suits your purpose!!
Use your proof. Put it on the news. Have a special prosecutor. No proof? Follow your party then, make up your own lies.
You were a part of the corrupt machine under Holder and Lynch. PURE CRIMINALS! You need to be investigated for your role in the felonies!
We all know Russia tries to influence every election... @dnc helped them!
Wasn't Obama aware&capable of stopping the interference before the elections or did he incorrectly believe it would benefit Hillary-Probably
There was no interference. The only proven interference that happened was #corrupt #DNC collusion against @SenSanders. #BernieWouldHaveWon
Report coming from Veterans for Professional Intelligence Sanity. Ex DHS & CIA. HONEST WORKERS. Will show Russian narrative made up
There has been ZERO proof of any actual Russian interference in fact it has been stated there was NO interference in voting process
In this bankrupt presidency, Putin is secured debt, Duke is priority debt, the red states are unsecured. #collusion #DeflectionRUs
And why are you still obsessed about Russia exactly ??
FBI never even saw the hacked DNC server for professional forensic analysis, & it's not hard to use proxies to hide true location of hacker.
Maybe they caused this to happen because they never inspected the DNC server. Or because their were no WMD's. 911, San-Bernardino, Orlando
You are apart of a coup Madam.  We use elections here and not unaccountable bureaucrats to run our govt.  Ms Yates - u r a political hack!
Sally run for president
I just LOVE this woman!
I agree, she is the bomb. Glad you joined twitter Ms. Yates!
Because he is brilliant and giving you bozos that want to dissect every letter of every word. You should be happy!
Oh I think the wise understand Russia TRIED to interfere but for HRC. How can you even open your mouth when you did NOTHING to inv HRC
PUTIN's SINGLE MOST IMPORTANT FOREIGN POLICY PRIORITY:

https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4678143/financier-william-browder-magnitsky-act-putins-single-important-foreign-policy-priority …
Ms.Yates, you are greatly admired for the courage of your convictions. I hope you consider running for office. We need leaders like you!
You want forced speech yet you lie with fake news knowing Trump has said Russia was the primary culprit. Are you protecting US hackers?
He compared US intelligence  to Nazis
Are you sayng Trump election was helped/supported by Russia?
Insults whom? It is jealousy, m'am. Respect Russia and it will respect you. Why is a leader of a free world meddles in elections of Israel?
Sally, thank you for your ongoing service to this country!
Great article and thank you for your expertise and service to Americans.  Sally Yates for president 2020! 
You are fired snowflake..
hi Sally.
trump cannot/willnot confront russian meddling as it will de-legitimize his presidency. no surprise he puts himself before USA
Any manager who ignores expert opinion is incompetent and dangerous. Trump acts like an authoritarian.
And the ignorance of some Americans to actually believe it without any evidence. Why don't you say Martians did it, most libs would believe
GOP = Fake patriots.
Don't tell me what to do.

I don't take orders from PHONY PATRIOTS.
SY: You're invited to my Which Four People Would you Most Like to Have Dinner With. The other three are TBD. No Trumps allowed.
Did you protest Obama interfering in Israeli election?  US interferes in a lot of elections... You good w that?
You don't like results, grasping at #Russia to nullify... 

Go to a meeting. Acceptance is the key to all your problems today. #12Steps
Obama and your DOJ were perfectly FINE in 2016 w Russian interference. It was well known and ignored.
There was no change to election results.
Since O knew about it in August,  why didn't he do anything.  Quit being such a hypocrite to score political points.
Why does he have to confirm that if he doesn't believe it happened? But who cares - he won the office, HC lost. That's what really matters
Because Comey already said it didnt happen under oath
What was the nature of this alleged interference? Hacking polling machines? Exposing the truth in emails? Evidence?
POTUS' inexplicable refusal to confirm Russian election interference insults career intel pros & hinders our ability to prevent in future.
@POTUS44 knew of meddling & did nothing...thereby meddling himself
#HiveMind #hypocrisy #cult
He's not American. He's Russian
Its hard for Americans to believe the Russia hack! It stinks to high heaven!
You are my hero and I welcome you ( even though I'm a man) to the #NASTYWOMANSRESISTANCE  HOPE YOU ACCEPT.
FBI's doing very poor job to allow all this supposed hacking & interference. They need a good housecleaning to get rid of the incompetence.
But only 3, not "all 17" intel services have confirmed..
what are ur thoughts on this? mind boggling
#45etal adding 2 #russiagate is just plain crazy & that GOP is going along w/it, well... #ImpeachTrump
#fireproofmueller
@monte1223
those are partly Obama's fault and yours. At your watch it happened.
Nothing "inexplicable" about it. He was balls-deep with the Russians. He denies their involvement out of a desire to self-exculpate.
Seems like that's his goal
Reporter’s Notebook explains it!
http://tinyurl.com/y7whk298 
http://tinyurl.com/yagbvohz 
http://tinyurl.com/yd4axboy 
Kant: http://www.wnd.com/2017/06/the-biggest-scandal-youve-never-heard-of/ … #MAGA
Pros like Clapper who lied2 & spied-on @SenFeinstein & @ronwyden & 86'd docs? We know a/b Crowdstrike & #AwanBrothers & fake #ActBlue sites
Hacks cover leaks.
http://tinyurl.com/y7whk298 
http://tinyurl.com/yagbvohz 
http://tinyurl.com/zg3hd6u 
http://tinyurl.com/yco2d3fq 
Well!! Now we know what the second meeting was about !!!  Make Russia GREAT AGAIN???!!!??
I cannot sleep because of what I think I know.  I can imagine how much you are sleeping.  We appreciate your service Ms. Yates.  Thank you.
Show me the evidence of "Russian election interference" first.
He wants it in the future. It's the only way him and his kind can continue winning. The only important thing to him.
And our intelligence.

Sally Yates for President. We need women like this one!
Oh, it's plenty explicable when you realize he's a Russian asset.
There is not one shred of regret in this lying coward and thief.
Now that he is Prez he can't speak the words... the Russians helped me influence an election and turned enough people off to steal the Offic
There was a man who warned our citizens the British are Coming... when DT was campaigning he needed help and he turned to our enemy...
Whoever, owing allegiance to the United States...adheres to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort within the United States or ...
It's more than an insult to our career professionals who are sworn to protect the constitution... it's The definition of Treason...
This is only your second Tweet as a private citizen!?!
A do run run run, a do run run.
Putin has something very significant on Trump WH. Drip, Drip, Drip every day. This is the distressing & despicable truth.SOS!

He said we had to do something to save the Republican,  that in itself make me a wonder his motivation. I will  research the speaker.
Trump is illegitament.
You really should lay low you may go to jail.
Cut the shit it's redundant. Obama knew last summer and did nothing. The DNC colluded with Clinton, Sanders may have won. Blame yourselves.
#Espionage #Conspiracy
Trump doesn't want to prevent interf. in the future; it will help him stay in power, as it helped him fraudulently grabbing it
PLEASE GET BACK IN THE FIGHT, Sally 
MeThinksTHouStillBitterOverLossOfJob MyPresDJTrumpHadNothing2DoWithSonVisitngPutin You only have 2 tweets hahahahah
Show evidence or shut up already. Tired of hearing crap!
Mien Kampf trump promised Putin will work on USA;S Cyber securities!@G20!Meeting!Making USA more vunerable with russians!
No...DOJ not doing their job and investigating Hillary properly is the problem. Career intel pros? Gimme a break. You guys ARE the criminals
Is there any possible legitimate reason to deny it if he knew it didn't happen?  I can't think of one.
Circumstantial evidence overwhelming, pillar of timeline start /Russia reaching out to Trump campaign. Tick tick tick
#FakeIntel by #REALPROGRESSIVESOCIALISTS is being exposed.  @SallyQYates IS a #RealAmericanTraitor and working against @POTUS
Please run for office in ANY capacity. We need strong, smart women like you fighting for us!
POTUS camp using counterattack, claim Clinton inappropriate rel w/Ukraine  see CBS 2015 article,backs Clinton/slams Russia.. pass to media
Thank you for your service to our country. much appreciated.
Like w us, its meaningless now. There's a scenario where insults from a renouned lieing scoundrel serves to benefit the intended target.
4 yrs Intel will again be recognized 4 honor, integ, patriot..... Until then, will b criticized by idiot called Meryl Steep untalented.
DT criticized Military Service of Sen. John McCain who flew attack air fm Carriers to downtown Hanoi, & as ser inj POW served w highest hnr.
Would u take a lie detector test
Your former boss knew what was going on and chose to do nothing. Where's your allegiance lie? With BHO or with the country?U R guilty as sin
insulting and hindering are his main go to behaviors...please run for president Mrs. Yates! Joe Kennedy as your running mate.
You're a traitor to this nation and deserve to be behind bars
Is hellary going to admit her collusion? Obaba? For God's sake they're politicians. 
Sally, I fear we have lost the ability to control our own destiny. Unless we go back to paper ballots this country is a Russian satellite. 
Sally...ever think about running for president? How about being a SC Justice? You are freaking awesome!
Schiff/Yates what a ticket!
Thank you for taking a stand. You are a true Patriot.
Why?
Like what happened during the election? Obama knew about it and did what?

You are a liar, a traitor, and a fool.
You deserve to be insulted for pushing the #Hack story. The only #hacking done was by @CrowdStrike to coverup the @pandas4progress #leak
