Sessions may have obtained legal advice. A good lawyer will tell him to clam up. Clients who can't keep their mouth shut are in big trouble.
Isn't HE supposed to be a good lawyer? 
Is that you DJT? "Trumplestiltzkin" and the photo look like it's you. Tired of the "real" you?
I would like you to please explain where you obtained this false document, which you posted as "news" TY (@ACTIndivisible @IndivisibleCRM )
The article was updated.

**In the future, I'd prefer not to be cc'd on any requests that actually read as demands. Thanks!**
Thanks for the update. Fair enough. it was my third time requesting help to understand the post & information. Thanks again for the update.
So much bravery in this White House
"Brave, brave Sir Robin. He was not afraid to be killed in nasty ways! And his eyes gouged out, & his elbows broken, brave, brave sir Robin"
"When danger reared its ugly head, 
He bravely turned his tail and fled"
Sir Jeffrey!
These assholes are such great Monty Python fodder...the content is provided, just have to act out the skit. I feel like I'm on acid.
Run away run away

This calls for...."The Holy Hand Grenade"!
I'm so confused:
Same here. He cancelled a hearing and instead will testify before the Intelligence Committee. That to me seems the right decision.
Why does it seem the right decision? Curious.
I'd say the Intelligence committee is more important than discussing a budget which imo can be handled by his deputy.
The point is, the public is not permitted to watch Sessions testify in front of Intelligence Committee. NEED public hearing. @GOP dishonest!
you absolutely have a point with the open /closed difference tho. I didn't consider that until the news it would be open.
#FakeNews
They should reschedule Sessions testimony as public, not let him hide behind a closed door testimony.
They should skip all this MONKEY-SHINE and simply wait for a trip to the GRAND JURY, which is what has "THE GUILTIES" on edge.
Perhaps they are giving him an extra chance to perjure himself further so they can give him a stiffer sentence.
#fakenews he did not cancel he sent Dep. Att. Gen. . He is publicly testifying at intel committee.#MAGA
Didn't age well; Shocker
Wha...?
@stetayen 
Jeffslist 
Arrest woman who laughed 
Falsify secur. forms
TV Perjury 
Constitution?meh,Don gets $
Cancel pub.hearing
Omg, you nailed it @JuddLegum
And dare I say as a good night parting: Beauregard, are we to understand you have secrets you kept from us? Oh well, tomorrow's another day.
This is the best! I had a deep red or green velvet Christmas dress every year as a child. Scarlet's clothes + Prissy's hair = 80's childhood
Indefensible.
But BTW, in that photo he really has that "elf in the headlights" look, doesn't he?
I cackled because I call him the Keebler elf!
Hey now... c'mon... be polite... he's kind & beloved &  doesn't deserve that kind of ridicule.

The Keebler elf I mean.

Screw Sessions...

Ha!
This is wrong. He is testifying now.
If he won't testify on 13th ~ he has failed to uphold the Constitution & his sworn oath as AG 2 the People of USA, therefore HE MUST RESIGN.
This is wrong. He is testifying now.

FAKE NEWS!
Him scared.
Judd, my apologies. I was wrong. your blog had info. from the 10th; by the 11th the news had changed. I apologize. Hope you can forgive. TY
Shocking, a weasel acting like an untrustworthy weasel. It would seem we've gone backward in time. Got it right the 1st time back in 1986.
It appears he's got some very cold feet about spilling the beans publicly.
I don't know why; he has lied after being sworn in to uphold the Constitution.
And those lies will ultimately do him in before very long.
@SenatorBurr Stop covering for your buddy. He's going down. Only thing you can do is go down with him. #TrumpRussia
Or under the bus. Trump, who demands loyalty , will throw anyone under the bus to save himself.
The access Hollywood bus??

He is running scared he knows that the jig is up getting his money out and over to Belize or Laos doesn't have time to testify
OMG! Surprise of all surprises! Did he cancel due to an emergency foot surgery?
You can't hide forever!
Sessions, a little man, a tainted history, a bigot at heart and a liar too! Resign! Take ur Republican  anti democratic brethren with you.
I'm concerned that these people involved in an investigation into a foreign country's interference in our government seem to get a free pass
Napoleon called Tallyrand "Shit in a silk stocking." Sessions is the same. Mystery is - how do people in the same room not hold their noses?
Trump country goes:Yay, that's showing Washington elite who's in charge!
Everyone else:This is now already well past the impeachment point.
Coward
guilty coward
dead man walking
Because he's going to be in another public testimony that day. Come on, folks, we can do better.
No, Sessions, you need to be as public as can be, to show all Americans how unqualified for your position you really are.
No surprise
Trump will pull the same shit, but nothing can get him out of his self inflicted lies and collusion in the Russian connection. I can't wait.
@IndivisibleTeam president snowflake appointed attorney general snowflake! Fox News questioned Comey manhood? Got to be kidding!
surprise surprise
That's unfair of him. He's supposed to work for the people and uphold the Constitution. Why the special treatment?
Backwater swamp sheet master
Do you know why no other "news source" has this? I find that odd.
I have seen this several times today. Will look for source and retweet you.
Addicting info
@JuddLegum - that was #FAKENEWS please explain why?
So is the next thing a genuine subpoena, which doesn't give him "choice"?
I get the sense that no one in the Trump cabinet would like to appear in public, at least if the event is not a rally or fundraiser. #shadow
He needs to go!
What's he hiding? This is ridiculous that he cancels, is he afraid he's going to perjure himself even more.
Cuck.......move..... Mr. Sessions
Anyone actually believed this Leprechaun of an AG would testify? Sessions LIED abt his 3rd meeting w/ Kislyak at the Mayflower Hotel #GUILTY
So tired of this ridiculous behavior from trump (secret tapes) and Sessions refusing to testify in public-face it America these r con men!
And the nightmare that is our "government" continues!
Scared of his boss
Guilty,guilty,guilty
Must be behind on the Fudge Graham orders.
Coward.
You can't hide!Nice orange jumpsuit , a very friendly guy,and some terrific food along with a cozy room,just relax and enjoy 
Precious going to hide out, eh?
#FakeDOJ
@christinawilkie They scurry off when exposed to light of truth.
Yeah, he's guilty.
@jeffsessions #Coward  #Liar  #JailHim
scared of @SenFranken ,they need 2 force him 2 appear,considering he lied under oath(twice) 2 this specific committee;met 3 × with Russians!
Supeona him!!!!!
@jeffsessions pull out the tampon and grow a pair. U will face the music regardless. Do it like a man.
Can he so that?
People get thrown in jail for failure to appear in court for a traffic violation.
I thought no one was above the law.
Sessions is a scary dud. It takes balls to swear to God to tell the whole truth, and then lie your ass off
The kebler Elf has decide to go hiding in his Tree House.
Surprise surprise....
There's a surprise
Criminals prefer the cover of darkness.
You know the saying I always read online. If you don't have anything to hide just comply
The controversy is Jeff "perjury" Sessions has figured out that perjury is actually provable & prosecutable!
boom!
The 'sho 'nuff truth about the lie.
Scared!!
That was predicted on MSNBC a few days ago, perhaps Lawrence!
Thats cause he took my advice RUN JEFF RUNcause #45 going to throw u under RUN JEFF  RUNRUN JEFF RUN N DON'T LOOK BACK.
he has that " I forgot to do my homework look"
Coward. Liar
No surprise.  It's his MO.
Sessions days are numbered, and he knows that. This leprechaun will go down with Flynn & the rest of his team of conspirators!
Weasel
Can't do that with that lying mouth
@jeffsessions Get back to making them snack cookies, you tree-dwelling racist summamabitchin' elf.
SLAM DUNK!  I just bet 50 bucks that he would, indeed, chicken-shit his way out of it.
Is a closed session scheduled
Little weasel. He's going to have to testify eventually. Just rip off the bandaid, Jeff!
He has to bake more cookies for the large crowd
GUILTY, GUILTY, GUILTY!!!
Shocking 
Weenie
I laugh when someone says"he must resign"! It's not Japan where folks are expected to confess their sins publicly and disappear forever.
Session's was unfit for this job,from day one!!
I don't think continued lying is your best strategy. Sessions will testify, only at the Sen. Intel committee, not Appropriations. Just read.
*big shock!*
.
Subpoena time...
What a chicken... 
Actually Trump told Sessions "I hope you see fit to cancelling your public testimony"-can't you hear him now?
He's been dancing with the devil, payment's coming due. He seemed rather comfortable indicating he'd resign & DJT didn't push it. Hmm.
Yes, Sessions is a coward.
As your President would say: cowardly
As that pal of Beauregard (ironic name) Gomer Pyle would say: Surprise surprise surprise!
Which means, "pressure from trump"
To be clear, Sessions still scheduled to appear before the Intelligence committee on Tues. Appropriations committee is a schedule conflict
Trump won't let him resign, thinks he can't testify against him if he still works for him. Exec priv, loyalty, etc.
He has sworn fealty to Dark Lords & won't testify/tell truth so to protect them. His hand will burn on bible he'll plead the 5th.
haha, looks like every of #FakePresident appointees is trying to hide until it's over. 
IF it's all ends well (==IMPEACHMENT)-->great movie.
They are starting to run scared, @realDonaldTrump will never follow thru on testifying under oath, too chicken
Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) to Attorney General Jeff Sessions: "You can't run forever."
Hasn't been cancelled
Well what in the world is wrong? He better have a good excuse cuz this don't look good.
The wee swine has done all the damage he can do, and been paid well for it. A deal was struck & now he's going to walk off the stage loaded.
Really?
Sessions knows that he will be grilled and will be thrown under the bus.
And I was so.looking forward to his next perjury outing.
But it appears as if he's testifying at another public House hearing on the same day...
the face you see when someone abruptly pulls the pointy white hat off
Coward No. 2, but Granny ain't getting outta this so easy
@realDonaldTrump @jeffsessions @FoxNews @CNN @MSNBC @GOP 
Now that's what I call a coward. If you have nothing to hide what's the issue?
Hahahahaha
That was expected. They need more time to weave lies.
SURPRISE!
More likely Daddy Trump threw a fit
I swear this guy looks like he escaped from The Shire. Little racist ass hobbit!
That won't attract attention.
Sessions=Coward
Damn!  One less 
Shocker..not
Cowards. And the Senate had the audacity to harass James Comey for not babysitting the President enough. #Comey #SessionsMustGo
@Whits1bone  Abrublty my ass. He never intended to speak under oath. #lie #liar #lying
#Cowardly
No, the Klan can't help you now Little Jeffery.
Courage lacking, truth in short supply. If the Trump government is innocent of wrong doing,why will no one speak?
Sad that you fail to include that Sessions will be Speaking at Hearing of the Intel Committee instead. This meeting is budget related!
Sessions has always been dirty , take a look at his SF-86 SECURITY CLEARANCE FORM he failed to list all meets with Russia
Then read up on a case he was involved in USX V TIECO
This is just wrong, as are so many things by this admin.
Doesn't want to lie in public again.
He has liar written all over his face
Again?
Trump and his whole DC operation is as corrupt as they come. Trump has made the SWAMP overflow.  What a shame GOP only care about money
Coward
If you're scared say you're scared!
This is not ok! The public has a right to know. !!!!!!
Of course. Save face at least.
How does he do that? the American people are your boss Jefferson Beauregard Sessions. Now get in there and DO YOUR JOB!
Sessions is in deep doodoo - all the way up to his elfin ears.
Don the con got to him. Now he is a little scary cat. He's afraid of little Donny.
Just resign already! This is America and this fight isn't going away. Especially when they're the ones that brought it to our door step.
Who could have guessed that Sessions would coward out of giving testimony AGAIN? Such a shock.
P
He does have that wide eyed Chicken look to him!
Just when I thought he wz respecting role of  Senate Committee &by extension Senate, esp since he was a senator, turns out he's a coward
Who is the coward? Surely not Comey! Definitely Sessions!
SESSIONS IS A LIAR....RACIST....COWARD...
Maybe he was afraid they would chant "lock him up"
Nothing suspicious about that.
The last paragraph really needs to be moved up higher; that he's appearing before the Intel Committee instead.
Note the reference to Sen Burr action for AG Sessions in the article as well.
Article says he's not testifying before the H & S Appropriations Comm. I thought he was testifying b4 Senate Intelligence Comm. ???
He doesn't have feelings for no one they have to much hate to feel guilt.
Crooked President, lying racist AG. We are now a Banana Republic...
I told you all we was going to have to put an all points bulletin on his ass#APB!
Sen Burr is allowing Sessions to testify in CLOSED hearing, undermining Sen Leahy. ENOUGH PARTISAN POLITICS, WE WANT ANSWERS!
IS SESSIONS FLIPPING ON TRUMP TO SAVE HIS NECK?
And 'we' are told to use 'our' voices...wtf!!!
Isn't this obstruction, just like Trump's firing Comey? Of course they're going to ask about Russian influence.
Sessions a Coward...!
He's a fucking coward he's scared
He needs to just resign
If you can't stand the heat, don't even enter the kitchen !
45 sure knew how to pick them .... they all met his character standard.... irrational bullies who can't take the heat
He's the same as every other government official Sessions  is a liar that all Trump has working for him plus a lot of brown tongues
Little keener hiding under his tree trembling? After all has done to destroy democracy? Subpeona the weaselspy
Will Authorities try to meddle? Of course...they meddle.We're trying to make 'em stop stealing.Obviously they're very unhappy w/that Navalny
What is he afraid of America?
He needs his security clearance revoked immediately and since I believe he has a flight risk to Russian, take his passport as well
Gee there's a surprise. And when is @realDonaldTrump going to testify like he promised?  (I won't hold my breath). 
@jeffsessions go for the whole enchilada:  resign
our AG is a criminal and agent to a foreign nation and is hell bent on sending mass numbers to prison. Officially a police state
Coward. Lock him up!!

Of course. Note: "he cacelled". E's a coward, and a racist and has now right being in a position defending the constitution.
Who's the coward now
"I recuse myself to recuse myself, that I recuse myself"
Sessions is a liar also. He wasn't truthful about his contacts w/Russians. It wuld b hard 2believe him now. trump's lies are a way of life.
Yes. And they're disparaging Comey to deflect from this.
