A DACA recipient was killed trying to rescue others during Harvey, his body was recovered earlier today http://www.chron.com/news/houston-texas/amp/Missing-volunteer-pulled-from-Cypress-Creek-12170986.php …
Only one and it justifies the rest of them staying? God bless him for what he did, but thats only one person and does not justify the rest
This is a #DREAMer. This is #DACA.
The article you posted is #FakeNews - #Dreamers must have NO criminal record to qualify for & maintain #DACA status. Stop conflating issues.
If they are in the country illegally they have broken the law. Try and keep up.
I said "criminal record". Undocumented immigration is a civil infraction (like a parking ticket), NOT a criminal one. You need to keep up.
Yeah, "like a parking ticket" thinking got us into this mess.

Good to see you support deporting #DACA aliens with a criminal record tho.
#Dreamer is more American than the stupid white kids marching around with Nazi flags terrorizing people
I'm so sick n tired of DT and his cronies, their racist,divisive,hateful http://tactics.GOP  Shame on U how can u stand by n do nothing
Trump is a bigot, so this move is expected. He'll push the limits of white supremacy until he's removed from office. Forcibly or otherwise.
Give it a try...twitter coward.
Oooo...that was a real tough one to handle...twitter coward
It's funny how you use the term twitter coward while sitting behind the handle of your twitter account. Ironic.
Oh c'mon Clay.. snowflakes just need to come to their senses pull out of it when it comes to MAGA i'm the guy POUNDING Feathers outofANTIFA.
And our president is the type of man your party worked so hard to get into the office over the past 10 years. Congrats!
Thankyou...TRUMP IS A VALUABLE ASSET...Thank God for TRUMP
#ImpeachTrump
Now talk about the MANY criminals here under DACA instead of ONE
"When we are with God, there are no borders," she said. "Man made borders on this earth"
God made borders on this earth
How do you figure?
I was given amnesty by Reagan, pursued a graduate degree and pay lots in taxes. Dont blame the immigrants for improving their lives.
That's when I was a republican, they had a heart. Now just hate, bigotry and greed is the GOP platform
And @ICEgov won't let his Mom in to bury him welcome to Trump's 
Let them live with you...big mouth...must have big pockets...
Bad hombres
Trump, fake president, fake human being.
Go collect your state funded pension ..pile

Mandatory 4 Republicans @GOP to hang this poster in their doorway~Just how long will it take 4 awareness in humanity? This is 2017 &...sigh
The Trump regime isn't even allowing his mother into the country to bury him
Yes Trump refused entry to his mom at the border to bury her son!  This man has no compassion! #daca #dreamers
And Trump's Border Patrol won’t let his mother come in to attend funeral.
And immigrants who opened their homes 2 displaced Texans.Mexico still not sending their best..clown in chief?America electing their worst.
amen.
Now do the Americans murdered by dreamers like Kate Steinle.
And border patrol won't allow his mother to come bury him!
#TraitorTrump is a racist, heartless, cruel, mean-spirited, evil manbaby
This is politicizing a natural disaster. This is a #nightmare.
This is also a #Dreamer. 2 sides to every story. You don't respect both sides. You condemn the President and voters. https://twitter.com/sabine_durden 
If only that was @ananavarro's body!
God rest his soul 
@realDonaldTrump will NOT care he is soulless and has no empathy for anyone other than his base.  This story is so sad
As did your precious pile...Oblama.
You go with them!!! Then we might have a deal. Ugh.
My people helped build this land too. You don't own it young man. And you don't speak for us. I'm sorry you're so afraid.
But the Constitution does speak for us. And DACA is unconstitutional.  Regardless of who's ancestors said or did what.
How will your life be better when you rip all these folks from their homes?! What a sad portrait you paint. My country won't allow this! 
And you will lead the charge!! Just rip those dreamers right out of their lives!! Go for it honey. It worked in 1938!! So good luck to you.
Adding insult to injury the Obama administration used fees paid by legal immigrants to pay for DACA
Heartless government.
your party has no place for people like you anymore
And they refuse to let his mom in the US to bury him.
that is disgusting...he died a hero and she couldn't come to bury him #heartless
And this is Trump, in all his malevolence: refusing to grant a visa to Alonso Guillen's mother to bury her hero son. #DefendDACA #DACA
Had that DACA been in his country of origin he would be aliveZ Proof that DACA kills!
Uhh huhh..right
Meet Alonso Guillen, a DACA recipient who drowned rescuing others after Harvey. He's a hero & an American and he belongs here. #SaveDACA
Your misplaced #compassion and the view from your rose colored glasses is dangerous for #America.  #Constituion  #RuleOfLaw  No law=chaos
45
This is a hero
I must have missed it when our fearless leaders were in the floodwaters rescuing our people.
Dacas were there volunteering!
So very sad!
One of how many?

Instead of donating 5000 to the Democratic Party. You can sponsor them
Viva Trump
Shouldn't have been here illegally. Get rid of him.
https://t.co/0MW4Hx23so?amp=1
I wonder if Trump will deport his body. I wouldn't put it past him because every time I think @POTUS can't sink lower, guess what? HE DOES!
So sad,god bless him
"When we are w/God, there are no borders," she said. "Man made borders on this earth." Mother of Alonso Guillen a #Dreamer died in #Harvey 
Which of the nasty opponents of DACA do not descend from immigrants? Hypocrisy, intolerance & unkindness defines those who oppose.
No matter how people get here here are a lot of good people who immigrate here.  Ending DACA lacks any decency and compassion.

When you don't have a leg to stand on, go for the emotional. Because all law should be based on da feelz.
https://twitter.com/NolteNC/status/904668667534868480 …
It's a shame this person had to perish helping someone, but some dreamers have committed heinous illegal Acts also...
Bless his heart; there are many stars in his crown.
Sorry, stop the criminal heart bleeding sob stories. No child dumping and NO, we are not paying for their college educations!  
#EndDACAnow
NO! educate yourself #ignorantdeplorable
A thread of what #DACA is and isn't because #DACA works and it is nothing close to a "free ride."
DACA is the red meat that the GOP has been throwing at its base 4 years. Now base has to be humored by inhumane acts by unhinged GOP prez.
Celebrating the heroic acts of this brave young man doesn't exonerate bad immigration policy and bad law enforcement.  Change the law!
Bless his heart! Such an American HERO! RIP 
So, who's taking death stats? Are we now reduced to whose death is more admirable? Really?
If you can break one law, you can break them all.
RIP, pray for all DACA receipant.  We live in trying times.
There are also skinheads and white nationalists out there saving people too. Soooo
There is only one race. The human race.
1 example in 800K is not the norm. Only 2% r educated. How did u let this happen? What do they Dream about without knowing? #TYO
You're a fraud, claim to be a republican but donate to dems.
 Stop politicizing people's grief.
In trump's eyes probably just another gang banging, drug dealing rapist. Prayers for this hero's family
So is this!
Or these
I think Trump is announcing these things to rile up his base and scare the hell out of the others. All for attention, ego & hatred of Obama.
Dreamer or not. Go through the process and become a citizen
Trump never sacrificed ANYTHING to help fellow Americans in need.
Sorry, but DACA is ILLEGALS
RIGHT Monica! That's so CHRISTIAN of you. You are clearly livin those values of Jeeeesus. I'll bet God's smiling on you for your kindness.
Ana Navarro would do anything to damage the constitution
Americans are killed everyday. Where is your praise from them. This Dreamers need to apply for citizenship like everyone else.
Amen! Borders are not of the Creator, but a man-made construct to subjugate the "other" & that's WRONG. 
#Dreamers
#DefendDACA 
#DACA
What fight? More rhetoric!  #DefendDACA is dead. Enjoy a comedy instead...These boyz are crushing real. #rehabthis  https://vimeo.com/230721021 
Your pathos doesn't change anything.  I can find thousands of examples of #DACA recipients committing crimes. Stop with the emotion.

Any #DACA recipient is a better American than Trump.
They're not even American. All of em should go back to their own country. $13b to support illegals. That money could go to poor citizens
Economy will lose 460 billion by kicking out DREAMers
This is a #Dreamer. This is #DACA. 
#MS13
Non DACA people were killed too, apparently they don't deserve being tweeted about?!
#Trump must choose: (1) demonstrate manly compassion for #Dreamers, (2) confirm he's a heartlessly rigid ideologue or (3) punt (delay). #GOP
Their parents are the ones to blame....No one else
Not so: Blame is on millions of Americans & companies who illegally & cheaply hired desperate people with starving families. I know. #resist

Only dreamers: identify-vet-control boarder-limit there dependency on America. 1's don't cooperate go home. FOLLOW THE LAW 2B? Sorry 4loss
So if it was a Nazi or KKK member who died trying to save someone then you are saying that all Nazi’s and KKK are good people. Okay..got it.

I think he just want to be in the media all day!! He uses anything & everybody to get the whole  attention! He needs Help! B4 he kills 
RIP Hero 
This President has no soul can't figure out what agenda he is on oh yeah erase Obama's legacy he needs to realize he can't do that
Tell it to the mother's of children slaughtered by these "dreamers"
What are we going to do? We cannot allow this. We are better than this. These people do not know their former countries. Nowhere to go!!
This is #Sad #SaveDACA







It works both ways Ana
I see. No American born men ever rape anyone?
If you claim that an unborn child is more important than an actual living one, your argument isn't religious anymore.
Heartbreaking
. Appreciate his help and sorry he is dead BUT 1 less on the govt teat.
You are a liberal who cares more about illegal aliens than you care about American citizens. This is why you (and Democrats) keep losing.
sad.....
If it was a child molester or ax murderer killed while helping, I suppose all others would be welcomed by you as well? #PJNET
That's not possible the baboon said all immigrants are bad hombres. Hope mueller via working holidays and weekends
Wonder if you will let a bunch of ppl just stay in your home if a few help you? Or would u call 911 as soon as they're discovered? #PJNET
Dreamers can stay and DACA has to go remember with DACA law breaking Obama used golden pain
Rare to be on that side of it....
Condolences, hugs, tears.

These are the ppl we want in this country. They do good. Parasites like Trump are the ones who need to leave. They do not hold our values.

Mother can't come to bury him. #trumpistrash
Fight to change the way in which citizenship is achieved or hush. The dreamer act was another EO failure of Obama.
So terribly sad and Border Patrol turned his mother away. This admin has no heart.
Seriously, honey ... He could have gone with Mama.
I hope you can one day find your missing heart.
Rip!
get the fk out illegals!!!!! Attn Congress save daca and lose your job!!! We the people!!!
#DACA = White Genocide
Trump is an evil human being.
#Dreamers ARE Americans. This is the only home they have ever known. Deporting them to countries they never lived in is heartless. #DACA

Customs won't let his mother attend his funeral‽
#LetGrievingMomInYouMonsters 
#Dreamers #DACA
Soooo what.

(Thread) I want to take a moment to talk to you about #DACA & my friend Doris, she & 799,000 others who are painstakingly waiting on trumps
Young people trying to do good by the only country they know. They are studens, workers, taxpayers, our kid's friends in school & college.
30 year old men and women are no kids!
So was an American police officer, God Bless Them both.
Heartbreaking. #DACA and #Dreamer are as American as one can be.
Did CNN report that story too? I didn't see it anywhere else?
#Dreamer don't debase urself beggin Trump 2 change. He was set long ago & only doubles down when he's wrong. Tell America ur stories instead
Ur stories will galvanize us to vote Trump @GOP out & get legislation back to support you.

RT if you STAND PROUD WITH THE #DREAMERS! 

Get your tee: http://a.co/d2wkQFk 

…
#MAGA End DACA

Are these wise words from a new bot?
Hang in there Anna . He's buying time he won't end DACA
He already did
How' your General Kelly looking now, Anna?

What it feels like to be a Dreamer at this particular point in time.

A 101 guide
Only one of thousands of hard working, dedicated Dreamers who contribute everyday in ways others should and could.
All while Trump was repeatedly pressing his "give me a Coke" button
Begging your pardon, but how do you justify your party's historical position on compassionate immigration policy?  You seem so...  not them.

Yet @AnnaNavarro is still Republican.While all empowered GOPers turn GOP into a dumpster-fire...she clings 2 the memory of what it once was.
So are these
I hate this, but why aren't you blaming congress for not doing anything, knowing Obama signed an illegal EO?
This smells like #fakenews
Yup..
This is more like it. These are your #Dreamers who come illegally to bastardize the welfare system; placing tax payers in financial jeopardy
@seungminkim hey Navarro DACA gave us you, & look what a gift u r to Trump & Republican Party
Ohhhh no.
No we are not wear make America great again you're sad for not calling Obama out with all his lawlessness

@ananavarro FYI
No time to waste - we've got to fight with everything we've got to #DefendDACA. Thanks, @jorgeramosnews, for sharing these powerful stories. https://twitter.com/jorgeramosnews/status/903964814162223104 …
DACA recipients have seen complete sacrifice and perseverance through their parents' travails and thus have learned to help others in need.
@seungminkim Heartbreaking & disgraceful that his mother will not be allowed to attend the funeral.#GiveDreamersUSCitizenship
And a police officer got trapped in his vehicle and drowned. You're a race baiter & shame on you for exploiting that death.
That person was a person doing the human thing.  The person just happened to be a DACA, if he/she wasn't, we wouldn't be taking about it
His mother was DENIED entry 2 come to his funeral! "When we are with God, there are no borders," she said. "Man made borders on this earth."
And President POS don't care.
How do we get his Mom here to bury her son Ana? 
I wouldn't count on that. We're in a new America now. I don't know what we're going to do. The damage is unfathomable.
Its a shame that his life was lost but are dreamers also defined by those who have committed crimes such as murder? Is that also DACA?
What dreamer, here under DACA, committed murder? As I understand, they can't have any criminal record to qualify for the program.
Yes but some break the law as a DREAMER.
Yes, and if so, DACA status is revoked, they are tried and face possible deportation.
I think this is a reason that everyone should oppose policies of this magnitude being passed by EO.
