Tax money wasted because of that fat fascist ego. It's disgusting. The only people oppressing voters are Republicans.
Every illegal vote cast suppresses a legal vote. Every illegal vote cast is by a liberal democrat - so far.

462 CASES
742 CRIMINAL CONVICTIONS
Source?

Shows some problems in the voting systems which can to changed.

Get ready, ALL this will be investigated as well.
#russiantroll
#kremlinbot
#fakepatriot
#twitteraccountpaidbyputin
Stupid post....
Full blooded AMERICAN.....
I am @sterlenemarie and support @POTUS in his efforts to render America a laughing stock to the world.
That was @BarackObama who did ZERO for 8yrs.
If you ARE a full-blooded AMERICAN then show your certified long-form birth-certificate. 
Please translate from Russian for your readers.
 here's my birth certificate. Like I'm going to put that on social media, LOSER. #Getajob
So what are you afraid of?
What are you hiding?
"Loser" #getajob
Nice.
#fakepatriot
#collaborator
#russialover
#treason
Trump is destroying our democracy in front of our eyes.  We must vote out Republicans and support a third party!
Wait, what? You want to split the anti-GOP vote? Please reconsider.
If Hillary hadn't screwed over Bernie, we'd have Bernie as president (probably).  You can't trust the main line Democrats.
Look, most Democrats voted for Hillary. By a very long shot. There are just more centrist Democrats and/or ones who admired her credentials.
Most Democrats voted for her only because she was the Democratic candidate.  Better than Trump, which is not saying much.
Unless the majority of people are actually going to go out and vote 3rd party, you're basically asking for Trump term 2.
No, I'm not.  Hillary won't be the candidate next time.  Hillary was a HORRIBLE candidate. The Dems can run someone FAR better than her.
I'm referring to your first tweet where you literally said we should support  a 3rd party.
ID, show proof of citizenship to vote. Period.
Then make voter I.D. free and accessible. DMVs in many states have short hours and only open a few days of the month.
Non citizens can get DL's, doesn't solve problem of illegal voting.
yes in some states bit they are clearly marked as non voter we need automatic registration for all citizens
It's not about voting rights. It's about democrat voter base. Many of them illegal. Non citizen, you can't vote!
It is about legitimate voter suppression.  Undocumented don't vote,period.
Illegal.
You mean the "Russia influenced the US election" issue which doesn't exist, right?
This is all about voter suppression it's the only way the Republicans can win
Suppressing illegal votes
Bot

I thought Congress said no federal funding would go to this "venture"?
they did then 45 did an eo work around vp is in charge and of course gop said and did NOTHING as usuaL
Nothing he has done is for the people, but for the Corporations, Private Prisions, and Top 1%, and yet his supporters say he's doing great!
exactly his eos attack women, children, labor environment but they stay clueless gop intent on destroying the middle class disdain the poor
Russian collusion. Still waiting for evidence. And waiting. Waiting.

His newly established committees and departments all have underlying "agendas."  Keep up the great work, @ACLU
We know 45 lies every time his lips move .... oh and maybe the 3million dead voters came from Florida 
Amen
Please put our donations to work and stop this lunatic at every corner @ACLU
actually maybe he's referring to the Russians?!?!  such a POS!!! Still in disbelief that this person is the POTUS!!! It's a joke!!
Only fraud was accomplished by trump. His new commission is of course another-up is down idea. How to suppress disenfranchised/dems
Can we stop this via legal action?  If so, we need to make donations to ACLU and/or whomever will do this most effectively!
How many tens of thousands lost their right to vote because of Kolbach?
I call it an employment opportunity for otherwise unemployable sociopaths.
Phony job creation for your Trumper insiders
You must mean the Russian investigation.
Lets talk about a real waste of money on healthcare, education & legal fees for illegals. BTW.
using tax $ to keep @gop in seats

if they want to stop voting fraud, they should arrest @HouseGOP @SenateGOP & their PACs
#DonTheCon #Trump disgraceful and delusional! Give it a rest #KoolAid
The millions of votes were the ones Putin promised but didn't deliver...
Money would be better spent protecting the Earth from all those Martians.
We have already proven over 70,000 illegal votes in just one state thus far in this last election. A small state, no less. So you are Liars!
Sources?
Hopefully, we will also investigate how voter suppression impacts elections.
Russia hacking our election is Fake story that we are wasting billions to investigate! Election fraud on the other hand is well documented!
Sources?
While the men in Congress don't want to pay for Women's health svcs, I don't want to pay for this - where is my choice?
Can we sue for fraud, waste, and abuse of tax-payer money?

#LEGITQUESTION
Benghazi?
And I really don't want to pay for it congress said no to this bs why is it allowed anyway
#presidenteloco
Preach it!
THANK YOU
Oh you mean the Russian collusion investigation that will cost taxpayers millions where there is no evidence? Voter fraud does exist.
For a new interpretation of the word "work".  Like 45 "works" at his clubs.
All part of the voter suppression plan.
Like the black panthers outside voter booths? If it would've been the klan all hell would've broke loose.
Really? An actual evaluation done in VA found a number of votes that if extrapolated to the entire country would result in around 2MM votes.
I agree with you. However, if I was a Trump supporter, I would throw those words back at you regarding the Russia collusion investigation.
Another distraction from his other crimes
You do realize Trump doesn't tweet. He has a social media team.
Yes he would be the authority on this!
That was Benghazi. How many hearings? This is the prez and his staff screwing with America.
They want to solidify their grip so when their base figures out they've been conned, it will be harder to vote them out
The "under oath" part is a joke.
Everyone knows federal bureaucrats and the D.C. machine are in panic and destroy mode. Aided by many in the media who aid and abet sedition.
how do you know it "HARDLY" exists?
You keep complaining that the Russians jeopardized the integrity of the elxn, yet dont want an investigation into the integrity of the elxn?
why did Trump meet with Russians and only the Russian press was allowed to cover it...not the U.S. press...at the White House..in America..
Yeah their mouths flap till u but it under oath when they know if they lie then jail then they sing to a different tune
What about all those dead people we saw at the polls ?
Did he not learn anything at Harvard and Yale?  What a waste of carbon atoms.
It is just a way to codify voter suppression tactics that have worked well for the GOP at the local and state level nationally.
As well as a concerted effort to keep undermining the process and confidence in it, further suppress voting by the already disenfranchised

"Smoke and Mirrors" to take attention away from the real corruption!
Our tax dollars should not go to programs that feed into Trumps conspiracy theories. He starts these programs while taking away healthcare.
Coup planned for a long time from different angles. People awake now.
How can I find that video so I can copy and paste it into Facebook and other places?  Is it on the ACLU website?
The Repubs. can only win if they cheat, and this election proved theyll cheat! Check your voter registration. #VoteLikeYourLifeDependsOnIt!
I see no problem with this. The hysteria over Russia on the other hand, maybe.
A: Your tax dollars being masturbated away.
I thought you were referring to the Russia investigation!  Why are you so invested in this issue?  Because you want illegals voting.
WHY DID YOU MAKE THIS VIDEO?  How could ANYONE suppress a minority vote?  Your answer and this video are racist. This is about a photo ID.
The Russian Investigation. But go ahead, Libs..U said it, U must prove that Russia hacked DNC, & colluded w/Trump 2 rig election. Facts only
Deny deflect distract repeat deny.......
Our elections ARE rigged...in favor of GOP. Voter suppression & gerrymandering ensure that the voices of the people will never be heard.
Follow @mikefarb1. Your election system is rigged, it's just rigged for republicans via voting machine hacks
I call it the House Select Committee on Benghazi
"Hardly" huh?!?  Lol.  We'll see.  There should be zero fck nuts. And you should be trying to champion that reality, not downplaying it.
This is logically incorrect. We do not check for fraud. We check reported attempts at fraud. We have no mechanism in place to detect fraud.
Trump campaign collusion with Russia?
Maybe the tax system needs to be more like state license plates, where the causes people support get their money!
#Wrong #voterFraud IS REAL.
I'm told I didn't need n I asked Y, I was told it's discrimination against the poor people! The get free ID's in CA. What say you ACLU?#DONE
Q:what do you call a pres that lies, obstructs,contradicts himself,dismantled the EPA,and encourages men to grab women by the Pussy?
Kris Kobach is an embarrassment to Kansas
Proof and facts mean nothing to this administration - they'll understand a firm hand though, so perhaps file a suit on behalf of US.
What about the fake Russian story the DEMS and liberal media have now forced multiple investigations will cost 378 mill.
#russiantroll
#kremlinbot
#fakepatriot
#twitteraccountpaidbyputin
He won, yet he's complaining. There'll be a book someday that'll list his dumbest Tweets and dumbest acts. Title: Dumbest/Worst Pres Ever!
In NH legislature, since voter fraud isn't rampant, bills now seek to restrict voter registration to avoid PERCEPTION of fraud.
STOP WASTING TAXPAYERS' MONEY!!!!
He 's delusional, don't you get it? If you believe that -U R 2!!
In NH legislature, focus on rampant voter fraud had to change to cracking down to avoid perception of voter fraud.
Sounds like you're talking about the fairytales of the Washington Post
#russiantroll
#kremlinbot
#fakepatriot
#twitteraccountpaidbyputin
Bring yourselves up to date. Omg Jim Crow really come on out of the 60's and join in the truth voter fraud is happening. An Id protects us.
#russiantroll
#kremlinbot
#fakepatriot
#twitteraccountpaidbyputin
If Trump is right that the election was rigged we to rerun the election. What a sore winner.
It's a poor way of handling taxpyr $ but at least it isn't going into building that ego wall of Trumps
Precisely. So why are libs demanding investigation of faux "scandals" and faux "crimes" re: #Russia? It's mindless anti-American #resistance
illegal votes in his favor!
Insanity
"Whitewater"
Trumbo likes to waste tax money, also likes to throw enemies under the bus. "We the People " demand a honest POTUS. As does the world.Peace
Since when have the government spending not been a waste?
Why is the American government spending $ for something that does not exist and refusing to spend $ on major things that do?
¦@ACLU @FCNL, We agree! Voter Suppression, Not Voter Fraud, Threatens Election Integrity
A: government
True. Did u also tweet about the problem of "Russian collusion?" The one about which even Feinstein said "no evidence"...2x? Just b balanced
Who's investigating this? Senate dismissed it.Recounts in 3 states found no fraud. Degree of voter fraud impossible given checks & balances.
Did you read the Executive Order?
Hello ACLU, please follow @mikefarb1 Investigation of corruptible voting machine systems & multiple voter suppression tactics across country
Unfortunately this will be money well spent because they will use it to further restrict voter rights for the already disenfranchised.
Total scam. As valid as the thousand Benghazi hearings.
Even the word "hardly" gives voter fraud claims too much credence and I'd replace "at work" with "utterly wasted" or "undermining democracy"
@ACLU As a member in good standing for many years, please contact 
@mikefarb1  ASAP

I love the ACLU. Donate donate donate!
And Kobach is thinking of running for Gov in '18. Hard race since current Gov Brownback is so unpopular and KS is broke b/c of his policies
#Amerikkka
#NudePride Know what will help make America great? Freedom & EQUALITY 4 ALL including MILLIONS of nudists who VOTE! #BodyFreedom
"Work" is a strong term here.
Unfortunate but necessary.
I call it "Trump-Russia investigation"
That's a different topic.
The US grows weaker as its democracy becomes more distorted. Maybe it's easier to see that from outside it though.
(Did you watch the video? If not I could see why you'd be mistaken about what the tweet is about and why the @ACLU is concerned.)
I was making an inductive joke
I apologise in that case. It's hard to tell for me, since I see lots of people say that in earnest online in an attempt to distract readers.
Let's see
More Birther style Bullshit... expect nothing more.
Any advice for
Potential tax resisters
Under this regime?
In the words of Ronald Reagan here they go again blowing smoke up our ass
Our tax money is being wasted to pacify Trump and his ridiculous ego.
Don't even know how it's possible to illegally vote don't know about U.S election process but I had to bring voters registration card +2 IDs
Plus the millions being poured into protecting Trump Tower. And Mar A Largo.
This money is somehow going back to Trump.  This is the Manafort model, the transfer of the national wealth to the individual.  Watch it!
I assume you are talking about a potential Russia investigation
duck ramps such a better use of tax dollars
Than you for this video, now we need it broadcast on prime time
I'm glad the Liberal left is now worried about wasting tax-payer dollars
Bye bot!
I call it "Deflection".
This is so frustrating.  I guess at this point I have to trust in karma.  I hope we'll be able to save our country before he destroys it!!
How do you know that if there has been no investigation? Is this the WaPo? With those skills you should lead the country, right?
This should not come as a surprise to anyone who can read.
@KrisKobach1787 @VP @POTUS @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @DNC get ready.  This is how they are consolidating power to rig elections into the future.
With Kobach, it will be an exercise in purging voter roles, and making it more difficult to vote. I hope you guys are watching.
Doing as Trey Gowdy and Darrell Issa did  is what I would call it. Dealing with real issues this time not Fantasy Island.
SO USA is Suppose to Accept This PUTIN Puppet Show For Another DAY? WHY WHY WHY SCREAM BLOODY MURDER AMERICA THROW THE BUMS OUT
If you like Trump's Russian ties, you'll simply adore http://TrumpRussianTies.com .
A: a distraction from the actual investigations that mater?
