I disagree that Scott Pruitt is a human
No one is more anti-human than the climate hucksters.Cold,brutal short lives is what the energy enemy's advocate.

@thehill SkyNewsBreak ReutersUS
@goGLenergy glad to see Mr. Pruitt agrees with the world's top climatologists and is not falling for global warming alarmist lies
Newsflash! CO2 is not a pollutant. Global Warming is a manmade term designed to keep the grant funding rolling in. Party's Over!
methane?
we are home of the world's leading Climate Science reasearch, and our gov't doesn't believe in Science. We are so doomed.
this tragic irony is unbearable. We have the world's leading scientific institutions and our govt is a bunch of diabolical idiots
The pro-life party believes we should force children into a poisoned world.  I just can't. Can we sue, like big tobacco?
oh I think there are a lot of lawsuits already.. but I don't think that's enough action...
We need to sue the companies. And fast -- before Republicans eliminate class action suits.
agreed!
This is why, right now, you should follow either @Reuters OR @TheOnion, but not both
The dumbing of all voices, the rejection of all things scientific begins. Frightening where it goes from here.
did he even take high school science?
perhaps, but when you're taught that creationism is a legitimate competing theory 2evolution, there is not much hope.
There is more proof for creationism then there is for what humans exhale as cause of global wrming
hahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahahahaha no.
Just in: Pruitt disagrees that Oxygen is primary contributor to life.
#PruittDontKnowShit
Methane!
Pruitt is an idiot or a big liar, most likely the latter.
did he blame it on "the gays"?  

He totally blamed it on "the gays" didn't he.
We are all-powerful over the weather. Just ask Pat Robertson.
I blame you for the winter storm warning I'm currently under.
Well, I threw a dart at the map and you came up unlucky. Maybe I should start being more methodical.....
http://www.plantsneedco2.org/ 
MAGAs don't care. Some don't like/trust science anyway, some think it's a Lib plot, some think the Rapture is soon, so whatever.
The earth was designed to take care if it's self  & was doing fine until a greedy bastard decided there was money to be had exploiting it.
@speechboy71  This just in: Earth is flat, smoking is good for you and New Coke did taste better.
Might as well smoke again. At least go out having fun.
The only worse choice Trump could have made would have been an actual bag of flaming turds
he obviously doesn't know basic chemistry :(
.. he is clueless & is another placeholder who'll do nothing to earn his salary while the earth burns. #ScienceMatters
I mean... news but also not news.
@AldReilly and CO2 does not believe that #Pruitt is the head of the #epa
- So is Scott Pruitt acknowledging that #ClimateChange is real? Because it kind of sounds like he does.
He is just an idiot. You cannot deny want the evidence has shown us. Removing it has helped planet levels. Improved the ozone.
HOW long have we known this??
do you think he would agree to fill his home with CO2 ?
there is NOTHING conservative about willful ignorance. Shame on Pruitt.
Does he have proof? Can he show us verifiable facts, or is this just his opinion, which means nothing.
"Just in!" We knew this!
.@ReutersUS @EPAScottPruitt
JUST IN: HUD Secretary Carson declares refrigerator boxes acceptable housing for the homeless. Trump amateur hour continues.
disagreement with facts doesn't change them any more than watering a rock will make it a seed.
@CapitolRomance
Then it must be all the hot air bellowing out from his maw.
@TuesdaysToomey how much more proof is needed for people to admit Trump favors people out to destroy our govt & environment?
@MaryLDixon My son wants to know if Pruitt failed chemistry in high school.
More evidence of Trump admin trying to deny fact. #climatechange #science #CO2
He also said that new information was coming in on the flatness of the earth...stay tuned.
#Pruitt is an oil-industry shill and gives every Corp. polluter direct deposit to his bank account.  #EPA #ClimateChangeIsReal

Let's just stop being outraged by this shit. This guy was put in place intentionally and specifically to break the EPA.
and carbon monoxide is just diet CO2
omg
@go4greenshop Holy Crap Batman! If this were true, would that mean we have TOO MANY PEOPLE ON EARTH exhaling CO2?
@HouseFloor @SenateFloor @USSupremeCourt @FBI @CIA time for worlds billionaires millionaires to get more rich&powerful democracy
finally! It's been tested in labs, CO2 can't be the primary because it's easily removed and the problem still exists #finally
Scott Pruitt from Oklahoma which is now most seismically active state is US due to fracking.
Why? Money
clearly global warming is a myth the earth is just  running laps around the sun and like that's why the earth is hot
This Guy has obviously been living in Trump's anus. How can he not comprehend basic earth science?!
Greedy Republicans don't understand FACTS, they only understand FACT$
its the human average body temperature
it's all bs.
Of course, it is hard to argue with someone who believes in "alternaitive facts" & a boss who only reads the "fake news" column!
Scott Pruitt is an idiot.
*falsely disagrees
the cool thing about science is that it doesn't matter if he agrees...
If only he'd ask someone who studies things like meteorology and oceanography. You know...a CLIMATE SCIENTIST.
@AllLeftNews I wonder why?
I thought Scott Pruett didn't believe in global warming. Now he's admitting it's not a hoax?
He can't be that stupid, which means he is being paid off.
Here we go as Trump's Wall Street minions attempt 2 destroy the planet. @ScottPruittOK do you have kids? What's your bottom line?
Environmental science is not his domain of expertise. His opinion matters not one bit. Ignore him. Follow none of his directives. @ReutersUS
Another nincompoop.
The republicans are a total enemy to science and the human race, unless you can afford to overcome their damage.
This is a corrupt government and they are abusing their power for personal gain!  Period!
the bullshit coming out of Scott Pruitt is a primary contributor to global warming.
these fucking people
@BitsieTulloch -guess he feels he knows more than the worlds best scientists.
@EPA "It is not good to stop knowledge from going forward. Ignorance is never better than knowledge." - Enrico Fermi
I'll take the word of scientists over a lobbyist owned politician any day @AGScottPruitt https://nyti.ms/2iwyhr7 

I'd love to get his feelings on whether carcinogens are harmful or how important biochemical-waste-free water really is. #resist
Is He A Scientist? Usually That's Pat GOP Answer. Well, I'm NOT A SCIENTIST, GOP Sez. If NOT Scientist WTF, Then. Find 1 & LISTEN
As totally absurd and frankly STUPID as still believing and arguing the Earth is FLAT!!! Unconscionable!!!!!
Let's advise this MORON we have a nice padded, white room into which he can now exit stage left!!!!
I get why he wants to pretend that humans don't contribute to global warming. Doesn't jive with love of fossil fuels.
Disputer of "laws-of-physics."
And, the evidence for this is:????
Great, the DOPE Trump put a FOX in charge of the HENHOUSE! This planet and the SANE people living on it are SCREWED!!!!
Can someone tell this guy Just because he's a politician that's doesn't make him a scientist. He needs to stay in his lane
Well, I disagree, if anyone maintains his brain is getting enough O2.
Pruitt needs to be educated, if he doesn't believe in science then he should never benefit from any science
I disagree the sun heats the earth.
.@ReutersUS That's one small step for man, one giant leap backwards for mankind.
@AGScottPruitt #ClimateChange is not a 'belief'. It is a scientific fact.
My tweetstorm from earlier: Part 1
Part 2 of Tweetstorm on #ClimateChange
What does he have to back up this statement?
Please Mr. Pruit, don't follow my advise
I'd like to see Mr. Sott Pruitt in a closed garage seating inside a car with the engine on. Oh wait, that's to harsh!
So, you saying all the science i have been studying is wrong ? okay.
what a TOOL
Who are they kidding appointing someone to head the EPA?Just get rid of it; it's a waste of money if they're just playing around.
"disagrees"......
please leave Scott alone!! I long for the catastrophe that is to come #Geostorm #2012 (missed it by 10 years. Gotta carry the 1)
Maybe we can get rid of those pesky C.A.F.E. regulations, and remove the stranglehold on the sports car market! 
WRONG answer!
Is anyone surprised? All part of controlling the message you want audience to hear. Look up Cambridge Analytica / SCL Group in TA
@ScottPruittOK Might as well start from scratch to educate the conservatives #globalwarming #climatechange
THIS DUDE'S HEAD MUST SCREW ON AND OFF!
tie him up in a cow field with all their ass's pointing at him for 30 days and lets see if he thinks methane is an issue
Why does he thinks plants use CO2 & sunshine to make oxygen? A buffoon out to serve own selfish interests over those of humanity!
I'm confused now we DO believe in global warming?I can't keep up with the nonsense coming from the #FakePresident administration
the sky is actually red, trans fats are healthy for you and drinking and driving isn't a problem - WTF?
if CO2 isn't a problem, get a photo of his face next to an exhaust pipe.
BS semantics. Technically H20 vapor is a bigger contributor to the green house effect, but only CO2 is under our control
can anyone spot the bots on this thread???

and the moon is made of cheese. #EPA #Pruitt
trump's america
NO AIR TO BREATHE  SOON FDA WILL BE GONE THEN NO FOOD TO EAT WHAT IS WRONG WITH PEOPLE VOTE GOP OUT
reason, Plants need CO2 to live, more CO2 means more plants, win win. deleting data does not prove you right, just a Denial King.
@RobKerkovich Glad I went with a new winter coat from Costco instead of London Fog. $30 vs. $200. I wore it once this year.
science that has been proven over and over.  We knew about carbon trapping heat in the 1820's.
This feels like George Orwell's Animal Farm after the departure of Snowball
he can disagree all he wants. Doesn't make him right. FFS
JUST IN: "why the fuck would you eat breakfast cereal" asks indignant kellogg's CEO
@scottsantens Who gives a shit, honestly, what Pruitt thinks WhatR U doing 2reduce yr consumption of energy+resources? Reduce yr
Scott Pruitt also believes exploding gopher population in Oklahoma is responsible for earth quakes.
it's prob cuz he thinks world is ~6000 yr old
you can't "disagree" with a fact.  That's called "being wrong."
Viewed from outside the US, Pruitt is an idiot appointed by a moron. From the inside, it might be the other way around
was this copy pasted from an Oil company's email too? Give me a break. @ScottPruittOK your intentions are so transparent #swamp
Interesting idea. How about putting him in a tank full of it to rest the theory?
They also disagrees that the earth is round. And burned a guy who says it's not the center of the universe.
It is like Trump went out of his way to put the worst monsters in place.
He's been bribed by US oil to say this.
H2Og levels are elevated when CO2 heats the air, causing water to evaporate and float up into the clouds. THAT'S how it works.
I agree with him.
Because who needs science and irrefutable evidence? Certainly not trump or his band of shitheads!! I mean, who needs clean air?
Climate March on 4/29 just swelled in ranks.
These crazy Republicans are putting us back in the dark ages!!!
How'd he get the job again. Oh right an idiot nominated him and the other idiots voted him in
People are going to die, perhaps all of us.
.@ReutersUS Scott Pruitt obviously didnt get Climate Change deniers memo! They've retreated CO2 position 2 regroup undr 'human contribution'
@CraigCo62 this will not end well , me thinks
As with all of Trump's henchmen, his opinion lacks any scientific knowledge nor supporting data.
I also heard that cigarettes don't cause cancer and that lead based paint is fine to use in schools.
This is entirely your fault, @SenateGOP. Thanks for putting politics before planet. Disgusting.
Hope his family is first to choke to death on bad air!
Remind me where he got his science degree?
how does one "disagree" with a scientific fact?
Yes, temp rises no longer coincide with rise in Co2. Earth & all inner planets are getting warmer. I blame myself.
It's not. It's water vapor. CO2 does warm the atmosphere, but H20g contributes to about HALF of the global heating effect.
We are doomed. 
the fact that his comments contradict his own agency's findings on greenhouse gas emissions says everything you need to know
Let me guess: He also believes the earth is flat.
Does he have a degree in science?
That would mean questioning fracking/drilling practices in OK. Over 900 earthquakes don't tell you anything. Pruitt Wrong for EPA
CO2, otherwise known as exhaled O2 and plant food, main ingredient in photosynthesis and life on the planet Earth...
If you pour sh*t into the air for thousands of years, do you think it gets clean overnight? make an effort. think..
Are you telling me that Trump lied again!? ROFL!!
I wasn't aware that climate science was extensively taught in law school 25 yrs ago.

so, just for fun, and I don't see this on Twitter, what is the major component in his opinion?
Hot air from intellectuals talking too much, I would guess. (typically they cite natural methane emissions)
as if we couldn't  see this coming. Surprised it took him this long to start the outright nonsense.
Well delightful. He can have his CO2 & Pence can have his cigarettes & we'll see who dies 1st since both are just conspiracies
"The people who were trying to make this world worse are not taking the day off. Why should I?” ― Bob Marley
You need to believe in science to believe scientific facts. The #GOP avoids science - it's in conflict with their #lies
What an idiot he is.  This is the modern GOP in action.
@EPAScottPruitt So your goal is to have us walk away with gas masks on like they do in China. The  is a #LIE!
thank God they put a lawyer in charge of the EPA and not someone who actually understands science.
"Scott Pruitt falsely claims..." See how easy that was to write? Do your fucking job and acknowledge the facts.
@dgontheroad  shocker
@Patrickesque 
.@EPAScottPruitt 's grandchildren will curse his name as they fight for ltd food and drinking water w/lung disease
He should be impeached for incompetence. He is a literal mouthpiece of the fossil fuel industry. He must go now.
@kevin_cracknell if we had access to science...
Let's ask him what a fossil is.
So, what does HE think is causing it?
If we listen to Pruitt we endanger the world
If we condemn him, we can save it
What'll be?
Personally, I disagree that Scott Pruitt breathes oxygen. It's a very contentious subject.
@ScottPruittOK Global warming is primarily a problem of too much carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. #IDIOT
thousands believe it IS a problem! Even IF u dont believe, there is NO GOOD REASON to purposely sully air! Try breathing Co2
This President and Congress are hell bent on destroying the environment, health care and our standing in the world.
Is he smarter than a fifth grader? or even a first grader?
Let's get Scott Pruitt fitted for a new jacket.

http://eTruePolitics.com 
.@ReutersUS @EPA a reminder of fingerprints clearly implicating CO2 emissions from fossil fuel combustion as primary cause of #climatechange
Who're gonna believe Pruitt or your own eyes?
