That’s some first class nonsense.
Because the Republicans were in the majority and the Senate is a co-equal branch.
So, according to your logic, if a party is in the majority they can deny a vote to a SCOTUS judge?  Looking forward to 2018!
It’s not my logic, it’s
the American system of government.
No it isn't. I think you need to read the Constitution. Consent & advise not deny a hearing & vote. Leaving a vacancy for over a year.
That’s incorrect, as both the text and history show: http://www.law.harvard.edu/students/orgs/jlpp/Vol29_No1_White.pdf …
Sorry but you are incorrect. This has never happened in the history of our country when the Senate wouldn't even have a hearing.
Check the Oval Office...
Open your eyes, and you'll see better. Lol
That's why there's an investigation, BC. And what's with the anger and name calling?
At this point, you are blatantly misconstruing reality, BC. I know who I see in the mirror... no one you keep trying to describe.
@dankennedy_nu this is childish and perpetuates the partisanship that is pulling down this nation.
Here’s conservative law professor Alan Dershowitz on the meaning of “advise and consent.” https://www.bostonglobe.com/opinion/2017/02/02/ask-neil-gorsuch-about-merrick-garland/hB1lMt89367mAGjDIgJ7sM/story.html …
Dershowitz conservative? Hardly. Garland is history. Sen. Dems need to grow up & move on for the good of U.S.
So the Democrats should refrain from filibustering in order to preserve the filibuster.
democrats should vote the question based on their individual conscious with no regard to partisanship.
Just curious - don't mean as a loaded question - did you speak out against GOP for refusing to hold hearings or vote on Garland?
yes & no. Wasn't on twitter much then, but I recall retweeting Dan on another Dershowitz col.
I respect the consistency of opposing GOP shenanigans and then saying Dems should allow a vote. But not hypocrisy of GOP right now.
This shouldn't even be happening while Investigation is going on!
I too, look to you for your calm leadership and insightful statements. Please save our country!  Schiff2020
Harry Reid and the democrats are to blame, they started this in 2013 when they went nuclear to pack the court with far left wing radicals
Hell yes !!!!
#Gorsuch does not deserve a hearing or vote after what was done to Merrick Garland. 

Why are we pretending he didn't exist?
How long will this argument last?  Does the next nomination get to go through?
@CNN @MSNBC @RepAdamSchiff Commend Ds for giving NG a fair hearing. Ds tolerated 8 yrs of R's bullying,0 said.
How quickly R's forget their partisan behavior for the past 8 years.  #hypocrisy
Too quickly.
THEN we should've marched in the streets & hounded RepubTownHalls & offices instead of fighting between Bernie and Hillary-AS WE STILL are!
What they did was unprecedented and wrong. To deny that is to deny the way things have been done for over 200 years in this country.
it was established by Harry reid. He's a democrat.
@GOP and @SenateMajLdr declared war on America long ago. I don't think they will like the end result
Going nuclear for a POTUS with a 34% approval ..
If they get SCOTUS sanctioned voter suppression then they improve their chances of winning more elections.
Trump is leading by example. The level of immaturity on both sides keeps growing. They really do not play well together.
Just an excuse to act as poorly as they did. The Dems went low!
I like that position because it's true.  And Garland is as middle-of-the-road as anyone would ever find.
Congressional puns are the best kinds of puns!
well said.
Need to investigate all @GOP members currently assisting Russia & WH attempt to disclose OUR security procedures via false news/accusations.
Check on that.  The Senate sets its own rules Adam.
I look forward to your becoming our President in 2020. We are going to need a calm, scholarly family man to restore the office's good name.
#PleasePresidentSchiff2020
How did we get this 'option to change the rules' on the sixty votes so now R can win their choice? SCJ's 'in for life' is so wrong as well.
It came from the gentleman from nevada, harry reid, a democrat. Both sides have used it now get rid of it. Bad rule
yawn... You know that things will never return to a normal functioning system again. This is the new normal. #Thanks. #GoodJob

Is this the best that the Reps can find? In the whole of the legal fraternity? Gorsuch will become the mouthpiece of POTUS46 Pence..in time.
Pence is as rotten as Trump...just not as vocal..and he needs to get thrown out with the rest of the Trump garbage.
Yes absolutely... I think Pence is smarter than Trump and is being quiet and docile to fool @POTUS watch him though he will be the nxt Pres
#tRumpRussiaCollusion the whole tRump Administration Illegitimate! Pence is up to his neck in the #RussiaGATE !!
The one token black guy... smh
Indeed. And the best they could find was Ben Carson. Gosh could you imagine if someone like Condoleeza Rice had of run against Hillary?
Agreed. This has been painful!
Does Mitch think Americans have memory loss? He also blocked some of that intel on Trump from being made public prior to the election.
Had your party actually put a decent candidate up for president this would all be moot.  Dems are 100% party 1st....
McConnell played heavily to his base when Obama was President. The suit he wears is reversible with the inside lining being a white sheet.
Exactly
True, but how to stop the madness?
No need for a filibuster if GOP just has a bit of patience to ensure Gorsuch isn't PUTIN's NOMINEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
take off your tinfoil hat
this Govt is illegitimate and must be brought down.
 no measure is off the table.
we don't do coup d'etats in America YET.
you should be charged with sedition ads hole! Is ok to dissagre but don't resort to violence.
Why media let Repubs say they confirmed Obama's Sup Court nominations but Dems block Gorsuch---as if Merrick Garland never existed!
#notallmedia 
Oops!
Wh
Stop crying about it Adam. The Democrats want another liberal judge. That isn't going to happen.
Preach. Truth.
McCONNELL refused to hear Garland simply because POTUS OBAMA is black. Let's not mince words. BITCH McConnell cannot stand  a win for Obama!
@barney_cannon McConnell shouldn't have set the standard, if he didn't like the fall out.
Absolutely Right!  Nothing is Worse than what they did to Garland. Nothing!! @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr These ppl are Bigoted & Ignorant.
but it was ok to deny Bush's for more than a year before obama was elected? Hypocrits!
U need 2 talk 2 Mr. Biden. "BIDEN RULE" was utilized in BHO final yr. Grow up & accept fact U lost election & stop retaliating like children
Brilliant analysis! Thanks for your voice.
how long have you been in Congress?
@Robinmead70Mead the gop hasn't done anything the dems haven't done. Quip pro quoe, don't be hypocritical !
Oh I don't know about that I guess it depends on what side you're looking from
GOP has effectively employed the filibuster for the last 18 months.
Every action has a reaction. McConnell knows this. The rest is bs.
Republicans Filibustered
EVERYTHING
If President @BarackObama
wanted it
@GOP answer was
ALWAYS
a Resounding
HELL NO
Repubs must *not* be allowed to blame Dems for their CHOICE to go nuclear. This is ALL on *them*.
Actually Harry Reidsville changed the rules, with full support of "don't change the rules change the candidate" @SenSchumer & @SenWarren LOL
TrumPutinPatriot...you must've missed the reason WHY. It matters. But you're not interested. It might fry your brain. LOL
Actually, haven't missed any of it & ur right; I'm NOT interested N hearing all AGAIN. U can go bk 2 beating bushes 4 fictitious Russians
Well you 'll hear anyway. 79 judicial appointments blocked. 300 filibusters. There was a reason to nuke, and plenty to filibuster now.
Name valid reasons to block Gorsuch that doesn't include the temper tantrum over Garland, or that he's conservative.
Yes. Exactly. McConnell set off the nuclear option. It's on him. His pious, hypocritical invoking of the Constitution is laughable, tragic
nuc option came from the dems. Did u protest when they used it against the repubs ? I'm guessing no.
Exactly. Now they can no longer use that as leverage.
I guess they not very bright
Wrong. Its called the Biden rule
Don't blame Repubs. You Dems are caving to the far L & r solely responsible for the "nuclear option." And to force it over Gorsuch is absurd
What goes around comes around. Mitch sniveling blaming Democrats. He needs to take a long hard look in the mirror
@SenateMajLdr this is true. So stop with the rhetoric about dems stopping gorsuch

2016 Sen. McConnell: There will not be hearings or votes. 

2017 Sen. McConnell: Treat our nominees the same as Obama's 
Coining a new phrase: #Mitchocrite 
He is the epitome of hypocrisy.
I love it! #mitchocrite #theresistance #trumprussia
I agree, I love it too!
#mitchocrite #mitchocrite #mitchocrite #mitchocrite #mitchocrite 
#mitchocrite #mitchocrite #mitchocrite
the thing I dont get is how you get to change the rules in middle of game just bCuz U don't like the referee's call.  How does that wrk?
if u r referring to gop nuc option, harry reid changed the rule, so the repbs used it! No foul.
GOP is complicit in the taking down of our democracy! Their voters are already noticing their hypocrisy!
democracy has spoken, and you resist the outcome. Who's trying to kill democracy?
Be sure to give your social media person a raise, they've been rocking it.
Extreme right Republicans are so narrow minded, mean & selfish, they are a menace to the nation.
they are not the ones rioting in the streets and trying to suppress freedom of speech.
Dems sank Pubs' nominee Bork;
Pubs sank Dems' nominee Garland.
Sounds even to me!
PS: STOP YOUR BAWLING!
(It's irritating!)
No, that's not right. Dems didn't deprive a GOP president of a vote on SCOTUS nominee.
I don't think so. I think they would have said put up a moderate, which is what Obama did.
Sneak one by? Under the Constitution, it is his obligation to nominate Supreme Court justices. Senate didn't do their obligation under Const
Yes, when the president is of one party and the Senate is controlled by the other party, the only candidates confirmed are moderates.
So much for my optimism that Schiff might be one of the new breed of statesmen in American politics.
Obstructionist, always a good trade for elected officials representing the best interest of old white males.
Exactly. Constitutional violation McConnell.
this originated from the dems, u know that right? I don't want u to believe me I want u to fact check for yourself
OBAMA was LEADING and THE WORLD WAS FOLLOWING!  HIS OWN COUNTRY rejected him!
obama was following and the world laughed!
Two wrongs don't make a right.
Exactly Sir and all the @GOP self righteous indignation is completely laughable. Hypocrites and shitgibbons all!
Oh, I like that word, "shitgibbons", (even though I love gibbons). I just like this word. It rolls off the tongue just rite.
A Brit friend recently used "cockwomble".  It rolls off the tongue nicely.
Oh yeah a rude or obnoxious person. That does roll off the tongue too.
I have successfully used it in a sentence every day since.
I've used shitgibbon daily too but it's easy there are just so many toads who think they r princes devoid of any self awareness
As Obama's own VP advocated not voting on a SCOTOS pick in a POTUS' last year, how do 2 wrongs make a right?
One-third of all U.S. presidents appointed a Supreme Court justice in an election year
12 were accepted
Come on, it was a political calc by @SenateMajLdr .  It paid off for the Repubs, since really no one saw @realDonaldTrump comin.
For years, I myopically viewed as erosion of my freedoms, what is the erosion of our democracy.
Damn straight.
Well said
Well said my friend
No.  This is the Dems making the Garland fiasco a new norm by taking similar action in return.  Now America loses.
U a bit quite lately homie-
Aww cheese time already?
Thank you for your diligence!!
Always be scared of people who don't engage in their own thread
Have you been evading personal responsibility your whole life ?
@GeorgeTakei Nuking Garland was Senate Majority Leader Strangelove's "proudest moment".
Stand Firm!
I hope we put the best candidate to defeat him soundly, to sincerely make him pay politically for this in every way, for Garland too.
Why are you so SUDDENLY quiet AFTER you've looked at the same info as Mr. Nunes? I find that very troubling..are you embarrassed? That's it!
Pitch perfect.
Amen!  Perfectly stated!
AGREE
@ChelseaClinton democracy is falling apart.  No one is willing to share. So disheartening.
Schiff 2020
Gorsuch will be confirmed. Stop with the politics and think about Americans. Are you afraid he will follow the law and not ur party?
I think they r ,gee follow laws huh
Agree!
Eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind...#Sad
Sorry @AdamSchiffCA - The ONLY one to blame 4 fallout are those who launched the nuclear 1st strike -  Harry Reid and #Senate #Democrats.
Tell me this isn't the first time we've fought.
Hi, dividist.
All day long
Has anyone checked Manafort's phone records? 4 sure had many Russian numbers in phone log from prior connections. (TS)
I appreciate Dems are pissed off, BUT PLEASE, STOP with the political GAMES.  Do what is RIGHT FOR THE COUNTRY.  PLEASE, ENOUGH.
Typical Dems.
Well said.
Tell that to BIDEN. He started this. #BIDENSRULE
And when @JoeBiden blocked Bush Senior?
@BillCosta8 Thank you for trying to preserve our democracy. Can't let a foreign power get any more involved in our gov't.
THANK YOU. Keep fighting the good fight Representative Schiff.
@TheDemocrats are doing the right thing.  Hang in there.
Very well-put, and completely correct. My respect.
The Repubs were wrong for not holding a vote on Garland. But now the Dems are playing the same foolish and stupid politics.
Boom!
@NatRoush lol
Anyone who votes yes for Gorsuch is complicit in helping Putin stack our Supreme Court against American People.  #FollowTheMoney
WHO made the Nuclear Option available ...HARRY REID !!!!!!!!!!!
2020!! Give us something to believe in and look forward to!! A presidential President Adam Schiff...
Republicans stole Supreme court seat. Bottom line! That's the theme. The people need to be reminded.
Go ask joe biden what he would have done..THE SAME THING..get over it
Well done, Honorable Congressman!
Republicans getting a taste of own "obstructing" with Garland. They can give it but sure can't take it. They r drowning in their own deceit.
Thank you for your steady, determined leadership.  Love your comment.
Oh well...  #confirmGorsuch!
So how's that Rice Intel unmasking discovery? You haven't talked about it at all. What's up with that?
@ChelseaClinton #DirtyRice
Russian leprechauns?? You Are the Craziest Senator? You Know your Bias shows! IWhat you are doing on an bipartison Intel Committee !
Typical Trumper. Does not know the difference between a Senator and a Representative. 7th grade drop out.
Washington Post is hiring....
Oh snap son!
7 out of 10 likes on this post are fake.
Adam I wonder what you think when you look in the mirror at a fool who's living in a loser's fantasy totally disrespecting truth & US values
This is what the Democratic party gets for playing nice. We deserve this. Shame is we actually know it.
Excellent point.
thank you. You are a much needed voice of reason.
To deny Dems of their pick and change the rules to get their pick confirmed. Republicans are scum but that's nothing new
I feel like we should let the next President nominate someone; the voters deserve a say.
It's called childish. #TheyStartedIt
heyoh! here all night, folks!
@IndivisibleSF so spot on
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC you see this. So stop acting like you and the GOP are a bunch of Boy Scouts.
I think you might run for office I hope!
Absolutely Correct
Your days are numbered because my generation is tired of watching democracy flounder like a fish out of water we the people can do better
Yes!
it's the law you nitwit last term president cannot pick a Supreme Court justice get it right you're a doofus
@Govtchecker
Oh...it's a fall out alright.  The effects will be seen in 2018...just like they were in 2012 and 2016.
.If Gorsuch is confirmed after bn nominated by tRump while bn investigated by FBI, we should address him: THIEF JUSTICE
Honestly how can that man continue knowing how most Americans feel about him? Same cloth as DeVos
Thank you for all the great work you're going to discover the truth.
I'm sick of both parties. Always tit for tat! When they campaign it's "us". After they win it's "I". The people are out the door.
Give em Hell! 
How much longer can Trump and the Republicans get away with lying and truth denial? There is a danger to democracy. McConnell is part of it.
Bam!
Just following @JoeBiden 's advice to not confirm a justice in an election year #SCOTUS
Democrats hate when Republicans act like Democrats. Stop the obstruction. #tcot
Constitution requires them to give consent.
What do you say about #SusanRice now Schiff.....?
Republicans never see the hypocrisy when it's them being the hypocrites. They will do anything even if it's destroying their own credibility
#Schiff2020

Joe Biden's Rule say whaaaaa? Nuke 'em 'til they glow baby!
When you idiot's all "fallout" of a job remember your crazy bullshit. The Russians have hacked you guys damn mind.
"The chance for outgoing pres make SCOTUS  nomination n last year n ofc happened once past century, in 1968." Obama overreach was stopped !
Seriously, why didn't the dems use the Nuclear Option. 
I guess the difference is the GOP rule the house and senate. Duh, I knew this. 
CORR: Ruled the House and Congress.
@RepAdamSchiff I concur on Garland. I'm true blue Dem. Think Gorsuch is logical choice of any conservative GOP pres; not to say Trump is.
We Dems who find the choice appalling, understood what was at stake before Nov 8, 2016. #SCOTUS was & is highest priority. We have to do the
right thing and vote up or down on Gorsuch. 2. Make 2018 mid-terms our highest priority and bring #MerrickGarland back for confirm for...
next vacancy after 2020. The long game has to be our answer. We must preserve the sanctity of the process and restore civility to...
representation w/out bi-partisan rancor that leaves "we the people" sans effective governance on either side of the aisle due to...
It should be called "Mitch McConnell's POCKET FILIBUSTER of Merrick Garland"
Too bad you can't separate the truth from your political ideology, you might be believable. The HIC might be a credible committee!
@perlmutations what is the hold up on Russia Gate? We need to hear testimony now!
ur bias hack, whens election?
Your doing more damage then good, make a deal with the Republicans and avoid the nuclear option. For the sake of our country
all u and the Democrats do is whine. Pathetic. No cnn interview today?
You said it!
Adam Schiff...my hero!!!
Woody your other name should be fallout
It's called the Biden Rule
The first filibuster was by the GOP with Garland. The precedent has been set.
Longest filibuster in history. Repukes denial of Garland was the nuke. Now if the babies can't win by rules change rules. How mature.
Going to be more Fallout then lol as come Friday Boom !!! Remember Reid started it in 2013 Might as well Roll on with it
Oh, get over it. You democrats used that Biden rule on Bush 41/43. You got burned by your own rule on Garland. Move on and shut up.

@SenateDems need to save their bullets and support any non-extremist.He's a good candidate. Think of Bush/Justice Roberts.  #GorsuchHearing
Good response - and please remind people of why Harry Reid did what he did before Garland - ALL the blocks on appointees
Good one, so sorry that it's absolutely true. Republicans have no shame; talking out of both sides if their mouths. Sweep them out in 2018.
What's absolutely certain is that Democrats will be in the Majority at some point. History shows us that. Every dog has his day.
It's way past time to oust #DonaldTrump. No one should B comfortable he's in office considering current world situation.He'll kill us all
Admire your work on Intel, but you are leaving big part of story out - you know the part where Dirty Harry went nuclear in 2013.

No. You don't get to do the wrong thing & try to shift blame. You're supposed to be leaders with some maturity. @RepAdamSchiff
U should know ur own business...Obama was denied nothing...that hand had already been played u fool
@shannonrwatts McConnell said it was his proudest moment. I miss Jon Stewart's takedown of this turtle.
Bravo! Well said, Rep. Schiff!! #NoProbeNoRobe #BlockGorsuch #TrumpRussia #StolenElection #NoGOPMandate #SpecialCommission #Resist
Adam, you're really crushing it lately. Thoughtful, provocative and communicative. I hope you have your eyes on larger roles.
