ok @TheDemocrats u know what to do. Also since prez is under investigation 4 treason, shouldn't this hearing back postponed ??
obviously u are convicting without due actual evidence, just what we expect from corrupt DEMs
@NastyTexasBlue No judgement on #Gorsuch & I get it, but do 2 wrong make things right? I'm getting irritated 
Gorsuch is the wrong pic for the job, IMHO.
I totally agree after watching the entire hearing today. I don't like him that much. The Mayberry nice?
Yep!
We the people don't share your same views 
It is time for you to try & get out of DC BE IN  touch with the people
Get over it-Noticed how you hurried past your insinuations bribes used to place Gorsuch-who proved he's finer human than You R
@DrDinD They demanded up or down votes like a broken record during Bush's term.
Senator, you r a total embarrassment to this whole process and to the good state of Vermont. Your questions made me cringe
And this is why u and all @SenateDems need to do everything in your pwr to block this nominee, and all DJT nominees.
@rolandsmartin we should do same until we get to bottom of Trump and Russian ties.
Why did Obama spying on Trump after Trump received the nomination? 
LuLu you're either a Russian poser or quite a bit loopy
oh look.. a liberal calling me names.. how original
I take it back you're the best I admire you bigly you have the biggest brain #maga
Be bigger than the Republican were we will be stronger in 2018
private donations.  Everyone wins
postone Gorsuch hearings until investigation is over. Like Garland, no need to rush on the GOP's account.

Are you senile?What about "Biden Rule" you agreed with that when George Bush was president in the 90's
it's not in the Constitution & it was a speech Biden gave.
it's not in the constitution that every nominee must have a hearing+vote
Gorsuch flies on a level of intellect that your are completely oblivious to.

#confirmgorsuch
you R right, not only oblivious but also totally incapable of understanding much more than a first Year reader
Sorry, fake news. A sitting duck President in his last year, should not make a decision when an election is coming up. A fact!
must not like the constitution. Seem to enjoy violating it.
Democrats are completely embarrassing themselves. Asking question of a student he taugh ethics. Shameful & appalling
A Prez under FBI investigation for colluding w Russia should NOT be making lifetime appts until he is cleared of wrongdoing.
with that idea then Hillary shld not have been running at all since she was under investigation
The only reason you mention this is because you have no valid reason to oppose this nomination on the merits.
Trump's America now.  Get used to it.
That justifies your pushing questions even Ginsberg says no judge should answer? You're making this about Trump, not SCOTUS.
Check with Joe Biden on that Mr. Agenda Driven blah blah blah. Time for you to choose a nursing home.
There is reason why we term limits for president. We now need term limits for senators 
@immigrant4trump
TOUGH SH*T, OLD MAN! Your're lying about your Pres in front of the world; & you mistakenly think the world sides with you.
Your Prez is under #FBI investigation for colluding with Russia to undermine American democracy AKA treason.
BTW, Hillary was under criminal investigation by @FBI while running for prez. Can't trust a word from Comey!
She was innocent just like Benghazi, Whitewater, Vince Foster, Rose Law Firm. @HillaryClinton always innocent.
Since Leahy is unable speak English & a Dem; he is therefore, unable to understand a str8 answer, much less 'member last week.
@5thCircAppeals you should keep reminding people.
Are you that slow at typing into your phone? Garland is old news. Gorsuch is in front of you now. Do you know what year it is?
it was YOUR CORRUPT PARTY that initiated the practice to not PLACE A NEW JUDGE DURING A presidents lame duck period
And since SCOTUS public hearings began, no one was digging up dirt in nominee’s trash cans until Ted Kennedy came along.
You and Feinstein are living proof we need term limits!!!
probably because real presidents listened when the Senate said they wouldn't confirm in final year. Unlike the former emperor
I wish they would all grow up-stop acting like babies and do their jobs on behalf of the American People-not their PARTY!
It was the Biden rule, Too bad, get over it.
Please no hearing vote until all the issues of #russiagate are settled and acted upon. The dems need to put their foot down.
Johnson COULDN'T fill them. The seats were restored after he left office.
you do know we know that you are lying 
this statement is false. Hence the Biden rule
uhhhh...  ok.....  #WGAS
of Andrew Johnson, whom the House impeached but the Senate failed to remove, Congress went so far as to remove open seats so
Biden in 92 and your boy @chuckschumer in 97 disagree with you. #lameduck
If I'm not mistaken, there were 7 previous times when the Senate declined to confirm election-year nominees. And in the case
You know Dems blocked Busch nominee. Including @SenSchumer and @joebiden
Biden 'blocked' hearing on Garland. You and Dems gambled that Clinton would steamroll Trump in election. Dems are to blame!
That is not what this hearing is about. This is an entirely new conformation hearing for someone else, forget the past!!!
maybe it's because it's time to STOP legislation from the bench. Act more like an American Sen instead of a fool
YOU have made it very clear you hate Americans, Republicans, freedom!  So you word is no longer of any interest to us!
#hypocrite. DEMS set the precedent by establishing the Biden rule.  Both Schumer and Pelosi supported it among others.
Proves how this country wants to operate-very divided; my way or the highway.
Repubs told Obamao they weren't going to and he nominated anyway. Obamao got to appoint 2 judges.
Your questions were pertinent and weren't answered by  judge Gorsuch "Nobody is above the law". Thank you
Dems should filibuster!
You should never have agreed to this confirmation hearing. Why are you pretending it's business as usual?
That is an absolute lie. Time for you to retire.
Sir WHERE exactly is it written that ANY nominee is Guaranteed a hearing? Answer- NOWHERE! U u that dumb?
whaaaa....whaaaaa....whaaaa Dems still crying over election wipeout.  Blame Hillary for goodness sake
Pretty much not true, multiple examples over the past 8 decades. Quit whining.
And yet @LindseyGrahamSC  just accused the Dems of violating the Hamilton Standard. Disgustingly hypocritical!!!
Why reward them with a hearing? An embarrassment and a slap in the face to every voter calling on the @SenateDems to resist.
What about the Biden Rule?  You're saying if roles were reversed you would have voted?  You're a hypocrite.
McConnell is incompetent mentally, physically, politically, humanely, and spiritually. He's just barely alive!
we didnt want anti 2nd amendment judge like garland
He should have never BEEN nominated in the first place.
""The 'Thurm rule said that in a..election year, after spring, no judges would go through except by the consent of both... leaders," -YOU
How many times does Gorsuch have to say he can't answer. By the way have you ever heard of the Biden rule. Try that again!
So blame the nominee for the Senate's own failures. Stop wasting $.
Reps followed democrat precedence. Remember Biden said it first. Why are democrats such hypocrites? @SenateDems
That is a flat out lie
Reason enough for all Dems to vote against Gorsuch.
We need a Prez not under #FBI investigation for colluding with Russia to undermine American democracy.
Please address Gorsuch as Chief Judge Garland every time you ask a question.
Gorsuch making @SenatorLeahy look like a dummy.
Making the Gorsuch hearing about proving th temporary ban lies on6out of 64 Muslim majority nations makes you a #SmearMerchant
YOU INFERRED THAT RELIGION, FOR MUSLIMS, IS THE REASON FOR DISCRIMINATIONS, INSTEAD OF TERRORISM! WHY ONLY THEIR SIDE MATTERS?
You are making a lot of ridiculous statements in your questioning of Judge Gorsuch.  Americans are smarter as is the Judge.
FACE IT LEAHY.. keep scratching your old head.... Gorsuch is going through... with OR without you!  GOP doesn't need your Vote!
GET OVER IT! If tables were turned, DEMS would (and have done) the same thing! We're sick of your political antics.
To the senator's staff member who sent this tweet: GET OVER IT! Enough already!
Blame uncle Joe Biden and the Biden rule.
Term limits anyone? Shut up old man and do your job.
is a complete #Buffoon .. He needs a #DunceCap and sent to stand in a corner somewhere!
your questions are making you look very foolish. You are being schooled.
the great defender of islam drones on and on and on and on....
Thank you Senator for bringing this up!  Shameful what they did to Garland and to this country.
Oh 1916! Yes you look like you have been in The Senate since then!!
Uh...McConnell, Grassley, Hatch r no spring chickens!  Or Sessions!  Price! Tillerson can't handle Sec of State sched!
liar.
Put hearings on hold until FBI clears @realDonaldTrump. Justices can't be fired if it turns out Trump is Russian mole.
Wow you can come up with it as dems do so well with BS.
Biden was cool with it!
who is doing your "tweeting" for you? That silly looking girl behind you?
You are shameful bring up PRESIDENT TRUMP as if he was bought off to place Judge Gorsuch on his list and then chosen
Every nominee should be an originalist. This is the perfect nominee and you're making a fool of yourself be a political hack
you're the reason we have no faith in bi-partisan politics.  this man is a good man and you are slanted
Leahy  #GetLostGorsuch
WRONG!  That's because in over 80 years... a President NEVER put forward a SCOTUS in an Election Year! NEVER  Tell the Truth Old Man!
dude, youare too old and senile to continue. RETIRE NOW!
