Thank you!
May God bless you and family from this point forward.
Happy Birthday to a great 1st Lady!
Thank you and your incredible family for all you have given us over 8 yrs- all blessings to you as you go on your new journey- love
I truly hope you enjoyed your day, First Lady. I love you and the entire Obama family. Happy birthday  #MyRoleModel 
you only  old wish
Love you, FLOTUS! (You share a birthday with my mom! Two awesome Cappies!) Gonna miss you & @POTUS. BIG. I've been crying for weeks.
But, Mrs O, you're still going to be at the WH Mon-Fri, right? Prez O told @RandyRainbow , so it must be true: 
https://youtu.be/NEel6Ng2e-0 
We should be thanking you for all your efforts on behalf of the American people, esp. our children. We will miss you and the POTUS!
Thank you for being such an inspiration to women and girls around the world. I've been proud to call you First Lady
The heavens anointed and appointed you for this time!! Thank you for your service!! Enjoy your next chapter! Godspeed! #FLOTUS @FLOTUS
you're the woman we should all aim to be. Happiest of birthdays to you. 
So. Much. Love.
It is very dark days we will soon be in, I would like to Thank You and Your family for you are all children of God and truly know LOVE. 
You are My Hero. I so deeply respect everything about you. Happiest Birthday wishes and Blessings Always
Thank you for bringing class , honor , beauty and grace to all of us may your life be blessed and wonderful we will sorely miss you
Will miss you! 
Happy Birthday! Hope your special day was/is awesome.
We love you Michelle.
Happy birthday week!!!  Thank you for everything you have said and done to Get Us to Move!  God speed!  
Happy Birthday.   Sad I have to stop following this account.
Happy Birthday to a woman I greatly respect!  we're really going to miss your grace! 

Happy Birthday!  We love you, you're the best!
Happy birthday, Mama Obeezy! Love you! 
Happy Birthday to the greatest FLOTUS ever.  
many blessings to you and your beautiful family on your birthday and always! 
thank you to & your family for putting your life aside for 8 years! Your public service is an inspiration to my family.
don't go all goodbye on us.
Hope you had a Beautiful day ! Going to miss you Mrs. Obama. Sending you Love from S. Tx.
GOOD LORD you will be missed. 
love to you
Happy birthday! The whole world will miss you as @FLOTUS  Enjoy your vacation and time with @POTUS and your young ladies. 
Much love & respect, & many more!
happy birthday!!!!!!!
happy birthday! It's been an honor and a joy to have you as First Lady.
don't leave us 
.@FLOTUS Your journey is not complete... (!) Cc @Starseed52
#FLOTUS for #POTUS!
@TUSK81 Have a happy day and a HAPPIER FUTURE!
for all you and Dr. Biden have done on behalf of military families.   I've never been more proud of a First Lady.
Coolaste presidentfrun ever
love you SO Much! What will we do without you?
You Are Gorgeous Mrs.Obama You & Mr.Obama Will ALWAYS Mr.President & First Lady! No One Can Ever Bring Light To Life Like You Have!
All Of You Have Been Team Kick-Ass Awesomeness! We Have Been So Blessed To Have You With Us! Family Love Forever! Thank You So Much!
You Are Just BEAUTIFUL Girl! Mr.President Is One Lucky Man! What A Great Photo, So Pretty! High-PawsSonny&Bo! You Also Are Awesome
Happy Birthday Sister! At Shelter, Swings Painting Butterflies, You Made My Eyes Water & Melted My Heart! Angels You Are!
Wuapisima.....
 y "Radiante" como siempre....
ME TOO! Best PRESIDENT AND FIRST LADY in my lifetime .. and I'm in my 50s! LOVE THEM 
What was it like b4 he got in office?? A huge shit show!
GW Bush had nothing at all to do with it, right? How much did going to Iraq cost again?
i miss u so much :( love u
Very nice
Thank you all
You mean serving as the first man
Woow you look beautiful
Your dogs are sooo  cute!!!
bro chill.....
"Hi" "Mom"
don't go. please don't go.
she doesn't have a choice, the new great American president moves in on Friday 
The "New Great" Ameirican President? Being consciously stupid is no way to go through life son!
maybe if you could spell your own god damn countries name someone would respect you.
Maybe if you could punctuate properly? Country's
My response was similar. But, dead from the neck up/waist down, is a thing for Nobody's Dadi!

@ObamaWhiteHouse Michel Obama et très jolie
Always classy and humble! Much aloha!!!
Doggy luv 
Lord i pray for Michele to believe in JESUS and serve Him. Amen Lord JESUS.

Happy birthday @MichelleObama 
Happy Birthday! You are a very admirable person. What a great family you have! You all will be missed!
Can You Please run for president in 2020
If Dogs Could Smile I’ll Say Their Smiling #allsmiles
I sure miss you!
Thank  you for a wonderful job my God continue bless you and your family.
U MEAN FIRST SHEMALE RIGHT?
love you and @POTUS, thanks for everything
thanks for what????????
For being a CLASS Act! You will miss them when they're gone. This is going to be a shit show!
Happy Birthday!!!
Wishing you many, many more blessed ones to come.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, Michelle. You have served impeccably as the FLOTUS. With dignity, distinction and grace.  We love you !!
happy birthday beautiful
You have done it all with beauty a.d grace. The best in the future.
It's been an honor having you and President Obama represent us.  Thank you.
Happy birthday, Ma'am.   As a retired military officer, and current military spouse of an active duty officer, I want to thank you..
We will miss your class,such a lady BTW HAPPY BIRTHDAY
happy birthday. Thank you for the past 8 years.  You are an inspiration and example of pure grace.
an honor for humanity
You're the best. We love you!!!
no need to Thank Us..Thank You! I'm being #Hopeful XOXOXO
Love my Porty!
Thank YOU.
Happy birthday to the most intelligent, inspirational and amazing FLOTUS ever.
Halpy Birthday Beautiful and enjoy your day!!! Youll be greatly missed!!
Happy Birthday Frist Lady !
YOU DID IT !!!!! love you Michelle and the very best to all of your family
A very happy birthday to an amazing woman and First Lady!
happy birthday
Happy birthday ! A bit late Hugs and kisses from Mexico.
Happy Birthday Michelle.
WE LOVE YOU! WE'LL MISS YOU SO MUCH. Happy Birthday! 
Happy Birthday!  Thank you for all you've done and endured! We love you, your intellect, your grace, your affection and your humor!
God Bless You. You Beautiful Spirit!Happy Birthday 
we love you, support you, and celebrate all the goodness you brought to our lives. Thank you! 
Thank you, for being my role model. #love
Happy Birthday!!!!!!!
-Happy Birthday ,Beautiful lady we will miss you!
what an amazing human being you are ! I will miss your charming wonderful smile and your deep commitment to integerity
no thank you your husband and your family representing my people as the first lady and the president of United States thank you
@WhiteHouse You've been shining intellectual feminine heartfelt example & courage
are you finally proud to be an American, now that the Divider in Chief incompetent, apologist is out of office?
hopefully you will serve America as the future president too. Please 
We love you.   Good luck with the move and thank you for your service.  You are an inspiration.
Happy Birthday 
you showed us love and respect when it was denied to you. Thank you for showing us how to "go high". Happy Birthday and God Bless U!
you will be missed as one of the most genuine and classiest First Ladies this country has ever seen.
happy birthday ma'am!
Thank you for being such a kind, caring, and wonderful person, Michelle. We will greatly miss you as our FLOTUS 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MRS. OBAMA! THANK YOU! #wcw :-D
Happy Birthday!!!
thank you for the wonderful job you did as First Lady.
happy birthday Michelle. Many many more wonderful birthdays are my wish for you
Happy Birthday Michelle! we love you!
they look so flufffy!!! Happy Birthday Maam, may you have many more.
Happy Birthday  and thank you so much for your hard work and for being one of the best female role model ever!
You are very welcome Ms Obama. You all will truly be missed.
Please don't go
happy Birthday! May God bless you and your family always! 
I am a Canadian and I feel blessed you were the First Lady.
---Happy Birthday and we will miss you.
we will miss you and the president so much! God bless you both and the girls!
We love you, and the @POTUS, Michelle! Wishing many happy & healthy years to you both ~ We will miss you very much!!
you will Miss us ; see You !
I love you.
. THANK YOU FOR SIMPLY BEING YOU. You make me wish I had the desire to take the Bar again!
Thank YOU for being such a wonderful First Lady, you have shown class, style, intelligence, love and humor. We will miss you very much
Happy Bday and thank you for everything.
Happy Birthday and go in peace!
Every great people like you and me, were born in January
Happy belated birthday greetings, Michelle.
NO, Thank you!  You will be sorely missed :(
Belated Happy Birthday! You are an inspiration to all women of America! #thankyouforallyouvedoneforus #moderndayhero
love you.
Beautiful family inside and out!
Thank you for being the best 1st Lady!
@WhiteHouse Happy Birthday!!
LOVE YOU!  Madame, you will be so missed.  By far, the best first lady of my lifetime.  God bless you and your family.
happy birthday- a bit late- 
Happy born day....we're gonna miss you, classy lady #justinthenickoftime #birthdaywishes
I'm going to miss you so much!!!  #HappyBirthdayFLOTUS
PLEASE DON'T GO
Late by a day but hope your birthday was the best!
Thank you for8 yrs. of excellence. Job well done! Love you and Barack! Enjoy your trip
@_Gerasim_
@SAfricaphotog Happy Birthday! Gonna miss you! Best @FLOTUS
you share your birthday with my five-year-old. You're an inspiration!
Happy Birthday 
love you! Happy birthday!
Happy birthday!!
will miss you greatly. Please stay in our lives.
happy birthday Michael
I want to frame this
frame this
the rare orange raccoon
@cdelbrocco HAPPY BIRTHDAY @FLOTUS 
Thank you!!!
Thank you for classic ethics. It was hard work for the whole family, but it was done nicely. Go in peace.
thank you for inspiring so many and being a positive role model for youth everywhere!...
Before you go, Plz rt to @potus 
@JoeBiden
We will miss you!
I love ya
Happy Birthday. You are the best!
you are an exceptional woman! Thank you! 
Please run in 2020. ):
@sapiosanct From The class of M Obama to imbecile.
Thank you for everything..#GirlsWithPEARLS..I take your pearls and my pix of Potus wherever I go.....(see background)....W/Love
