If it's considered "boorish" to expect participating nations to pay their way then sign me up for boorish. Pony up the dough!
This is just cray cray to me.
Absolutely -- just insane!
Poor planet
Yes-- climate denial, pollution & poison use green lighted, shred national monuments & fed lands protection -- hate to think what's next!!
More dishonest news
I HATE when I click on WaPo Tweets to read a linked article and y'all are kind enough to tell me I am smart . . . and poor.
Ya think? Smh...
Tell us something we don't know... #Eyeswideshut
you people aren't doing anything but run your mouth. Get behind the president or get ran over
They're not the only ones thinking this. Have you listened to our European Allies? If this keeps up #LifeAsWeKnewIt kaput @realDonaldTrump
No such thing as climate change, eh?
Fake news ... Losers
@PeteSouza @PostOpinions Hey @washingtonpost, it is PRESIDENT Trump.  Start showing some respect.
Just the amount of hairspray he uses can't be good for the environment!
Hopefully, a correction will be made before it is too late #EU #US
@WMKauai @PostOpinions @EPA @EPAScottPruitt EPA is of course unhappy. Now they see how the coalminers felt. Get new jobs!
Washington Post garbage
Where were these voices BEFORE the election?

#traitors
and you think he cares.
No shit!
You took the words right out of my mouth! We don't need a college degree to know this!
Climate change is a hoax just for liberals like Gore to make big money
The EPA is such a bulls_it agency, not worthy of keeping around, drain it!
No it means you need to tighten your belt and quit spending $$ that is a waste. Cut high prices salaries of higher ups.
3 swamp monsters
the federal gov is out of control and needs to reigned in. defunding is how it is done. i have no problem with it.
The man is insane
Opinion ;  Your news is just horrible ;   u lost all respect when ur a newspaper and u Endorsed a corrupt Candidate .AGAINST JFKS tst ammed
THE MEANINGLESS SHIT YOU PUBLISH AMAZES ME 
The rest of us with some common sense, who are not rocket scientists btw, knew that from the get-go!
We were already on a dangerous path now we are on a deadly one
Sacrificing the planet for profit. Everyone needs to take a science class again.
Ummmmm....you think!!?
He does not care
What's done in secret will be shouted from the roof tops keep up the good work washington post

DJT put us on a dangerous path when he filled the WH with cons, crooks and racists. The destruction of our government is happening
That's because Trump doesnt care .
#Trump rather relax the regulations on clean air, clean water if it means it will cost big business $$. So how is this #MAGA please explain.
that would be a lie.It seems every day you find some thing to lie about.EPA has done nothing.they are as corrupt as Obama
BS
Are any #GOP patriots left or are they all #complicit in #BlotusPotus #treason?
Goodness, the MAGA SpamBots are pushing hard against this one. This must be on the short list of topics to dump on. Wonder why that is?
Ya THINK?!?
Wonder if this rep where the same ,s responsible for the Colorado river dibacle
the epa would not know a dangerous path when they see it.
Will you please stick to the script! This is supposed to be about Russia!
Dump the Paris accord. It's designed by Eu to rip off the rest of the world. We do not need any regulations or limitations.
Trump wants to remake the nation into his own image-alone,isolated, a pariah among others, uncaring, corrupt,authoritarian ,uncompassionate
Oh really?
HahahHa
ЭКОЛОГИЯ , ЭТО ПРЕКРАСНО )
We can spends TRiLLION $$$ better than a fraction of a degree over 50 years.
