Who's cutting onions? 
Thank you for sharing a glimmer of light in these dark days.Beautiful reminder of the power of one and the love of humanity.#resistance
Here's a longer clip of that moment with sound.
Solodad's clip had me tear up... This had me balling
Beautiful...I needed this today..,thank you #LoveWins
Wonderful story coming on such a terrible & shameful day in our own country
@soledadobrien the story is good but being that you applied so one sided is disgusting. All white men include @RobertIrvine r supremacist
@J4CKMULL the difference that one person can make
I was fine until they said all the attendees were the kids he saved
If this is what one man did on a 2 week vacation, imagine what good we can do in a lifetime.
@GreatDismal @J4CKMULL So proud of Nicholas Winton.When we go to Liverpool St we touch the kinder transport statue & remember
Worth watching the full clip on Youtube. The show was called That's Life 
https://youtu.be/Ai-mwrkpKGI  Here it is
Soledad&leahyihopeuronmypage-whiteblackANYcolorsupremacyawesomeadlongasamericansupremacy-rules-anycolorproudofwatdeyare&mostofallanamerican!
What an amazing story
This man is my hero. It doesn't behove to compare in this vein. He is a true human being.
Ironic this is such a feel-good story in the U.S. “If America had only agreed to take them too, I could have saved at least 2,000 more.”
While this is a beautiful and powerful story. A counter to white supremacy marches is for people in power to act and stop it.
I hope this story stays in the past, and we don't find ourselves reliant on a new wave of Sir Nicholas Wintons.
Just amazing!
i had tears rolling down my cheeks watching this earlier - and he never once tried to get attention of any sort for his courage #HERO
WHAT a man! And all the grownup kids got to meet him. We needed this! Helps renew my faith in mankind after these last  days. Esp yday.
Beautiful
There are still good people and angels amongst us. This powerful story about this kind and honorable man gives me hope for us.
This beautiful story should be part of every school's history curriculum
Bonus points if you're crying because you're being pepper-sprayed while smashing Nazis in the face this morning.
Amazing man!
I watched that entire documentary not long ago. What a great man.
Devoid and empty and a false pretense of accepting and recognizing true cultural diversity.
I tweeted the link to he 60 minutes interview. Earlier today
https://youtu.be/c0aoifNziKQ 
Soledad always playing the race card, what about those terrorist BLM marches, I see more of them then white supremacy marches
COMPLETE awesomeness.
Great Story.             Wonderfel, honorable gentleman
BVTK isn't racist buy them
Awesome story amongst all the hate!
If you don't get goose bumps when you watch this you have no soul!
The problem with this, is that you give them attention. Stop doing taht.
The people in the white nationalist marches would have turned this guy over to the gestapo
@J4CKMULL This is literally life-changing. Never doubt that one person can make a huge difference in the world. Thank you.
He is so humble yet amazing!

It is too early to crying...ummm, over cutting onions. Yep, that's it! These darn things won't stop making me cry.   Thank you for sharing.
It's great to know that all of the good don't die young. What a tremendous human.
This! Do we still have people like this man?
GOD uses righteous people in very beautiful ways,despite the evil that some do. GOD bless the Parents,Children,&Him
I cry every time I watch this!
Here is another heroine of humanity to lift our spirits today
Thank you Soledad. I'm crying now.
What a wonderful story..I am speechless and now have a renewed faith in humanity...thanks for sharing
Just beautiful! There's still hope for the human race! Hope there are still people like him left out there.
I did.  Awesome great story and man.
A good counter would be for the tiki marchers to be arrested. Or for Liberal White Folks to get out there with water guns en masse.
Lovely, too bad we have to reach that far back to feel better about something happening today.
Good morning
I stop to watch this every time it is posted to honor this wonderful man. And, every time I cry at the beauty and heroism of his deeds.
A truly amazing and important story of courage
Thanks for sharing this
The sad part of this story is the US failed to help rescue more children when he asked for help.
Thanks for sharing Sol! Literally went from crying about UVA klan march, to tears for this beautiful story and his legacy. Good morning!
Some people just deserve to live to 106. :)
We need this all day...everyday.
#EdelmanCorruptionCourt #childtrafficking #dependencycourt #edelmancourt #judgelevanas #steffpadilla #alanfriedenthal #corruptcommissioners
So awesome ... #humanitarian kindness is so fulfilling
 up Gino Bartali.Italian.famous cyclist.helped Jews escape Fascist&Germans.He's Righteous Among the Nations honoree
Thank you for sharing. I needed that this morning.
Are they covering the marches on tv?
What a ray of light. Thank you. The white supremacists need to watch this, then crawl back into their holes.
The standard.
Thanks Soledad, the tears the tears
Wow what a good person. He helped so many with his kindness and compassion. God Bless Him.
This is what the world needs to know about. This is love.
Yep. I cried tears of joy.deep sadness.gratitude. Wonderful human.
That is just... wow. Thank you.
WOW! Wiping tears as I watch. Only one goal for mankind, please emulate this a beautiful soul 
Nicholas Winton's list. Great man. Fanstastic story
Thank you for this.
Proof that good is not done for praise and glory, but simply for what is right.
Thank you for sharing..so good to watch after coming across ppl on Twitter yesterday threatening civil war if Trump is impeached
Wow. That was so lovely to see
One of the kids he rescued is now a peer in the House of Lords, and changed the law to allow more unaccompanied refugees to enter the UK
Be the change you want to see.
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/labour-peer-alfred-dubs-who-was-saved-from-the-nazis-calls-on-david-cameron-to-let-child-refugees-a6864566.html … (I would add that the current govt haven't implemented his amendment, which tells me all I need to know about them).
This actually teared me up. Especially after last night. I wish I could open twitter and more often find stories like that as opposed to 
He's divinity personified.
Thank u. After last night & how this regime fosters hate, it is right to remember that there is also good in the country.
Thanks...need to remember the good that remains
It's a reminder there ARE good ppl out there. A reminder humanity is not headed down that dark road. A reminder we have to fight.
Thank you Soledad.
Beautiful. Exactly what we needed. 
Thank you for sharing this. It's a reminder that we all have potential (and duty) to do good in the world esp. 4 those most vulnerable
Yes, one of my absolute favorite moments in humanity, courtesy of the web.
We should all strive to be like Sir Nicolas Winston.

#Resist #TeamPatriot #EndRacism
Winton (damn you autocorrect!)
Is it amazing? The righteous acts of one kind White male does not a good group of White people make... Charlottesville is a flashpoint.
What a beautiful human being! Thank you for reminding us that love and compassion exist in this world.
I am crying what a beautiful heroic man!
Beautiful
@J4CKMULL A true hero..
Thank you for sharing this...i personally can't walk around with hate in my heart bcuz it consumes you & weighs you down
@soledadobrien There are many in the blk community who are tired of marching, crying, and even being non-violent! #TheSoulofAmerica at stake
Simply wonderful.
Beautiful Story
Thank you for the reminder.
Thank you, my soul needed this.
Unfortunately this isn't the front page story this morning and it should be
