MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND
FACT: what the GOP did was unprecedented obstructionism. Go ahead & find one example where they refused to even grant a HEARING w/1 yr to go
Nice deflection there when you can't back up your original statement 
Vermonters are quite brainless to keep putting this Dino in office.
You can criticize policy, but no need to put down #Vermonters. Name calling doesn't go over well here in #Vermont.
Like Ca. You put the same dweebs in office! They gotta die to get them out!
Why have the vote at all while criminal investigation is ongoing? Suspend lifetime appointment until administration is cleared.
Nothing has been proved
And nobody has been cleared. This vote can wait a few months to make sure there is no hostile foreign influence on this administration.
Innocent until proven  guilty
If Trump admin guilty then it would mean Russia had influence on Supreme Court justice being appointed. What happens then? Better to wait.
Do you really honestly believe Trump would share running the country with Russia?
What we believe to be true and what is truth are not always the same thing. Why not wait a few months for a thorough investigation?
Senator Leahy please support the filibuster.
Please do , show America just how much you care about the country. Or getting anything done!
Can anyone tell me Y we skipped the Senate confirmation & having this guy as a Secretary of the State? He will meet Chinese Xi!
Because Chuckie Schumer told him to that's why
Nice speech Senator, thank you :-)
Thank you.
Thank you
Thank you for your vote for the people!
Thank You. Our country is being taken down by TrumPutin Breitbart WH & we must #Resist. The Senate ended with lack of Garland hearing.
Thank you, Senator. Vermont voters are with you.
Thank you @SenatorLeahy for voting NO for Gorsuch. His record of siding w/ corporations over the rights of working people is unconscionable
Thank you, Senator Leahy. We need more folks like you, looking after our best interests. .@SenBennetCO
@JoyAnnReid WOW! This was impressive, and I hope, instructive to those who believe opposition to Gorsuch is partisan
pointless,republican will change rules vote him and then the dems will cry and protest again only to realize that this is how politics works
Never could GROW up enough to get over your 'grade school tactics' could you Senator. At your age..it's TOO late for you to grow up!
TY for voting "No" on Gorsuch. The interviews easily showed he was evading any legit ?s & being pampered by @GOP not taking this seriously
@SenateDems Thank you, Patrick. Vermont is proud of your leadership!
.We dont need to know why you voted no just that  you did Thank you Harry Reid for #TheNuclearOption we dont need you ;) #grandstanding
Thank you @SenatorLeahy!
Thank you Senator
It dont matter what the dems think, Republicans can nuke
Thank you Senator for being on the right side of history, unlike @SenDonnelly @SenatorHeitkamp and @Sen_JoeManchin ! #StopGorsuch #Resist
Right side of history! 
Thank you. Dark money has no place in Supreme Court nominations.
Diane Feinstein D-CA was never opposed to the dark money belonging to HilLIARy, or the Billion spent on Obama and the countries involved!
Liz didnt get the memo
keep it up senator and we will take you name off the Echo center and rename it the Sanders community center and make everything free......
if I see one more Gorsuch ad on Tv tonight I'm turning it into a drinking game.
Thank Harry Reid we're taking our country back. And the Supreme Court
President under investigation for a felony like this should not be allowed to seat anyone on our Supreme Court
commend u 4 #FilibusterGorsuch to death to protect Amer peeps
Thank you!
Thank your for your principled leadership on #FilibusterGorsuch. We must #resist DT agenda until #russiagate fully resolved
Thank you!
This Vermonter thanks you from the bottom of her heart.
Thank you.
Thank you Senator Leah.
THANK YOU!!
Sir..On Friday ask a 3rd grader to tell you who the NEW SCOTUS is...his name is Neil Gorsuch....I'm sure you've heard of him!!  IDIOT.
thank you!
Thank you - for this and all the years of leadership and service. #StopGorsuch
A LOSER you will remain, mr leahy
Thank you for your patriotism and representing true American values and voting against Gorsuch! Thank you!
Thank you
Thank you, Senator Leahy.
Thank you, and good luck!
Putin ASSETS beget more assets} #GorsuchHandSk {#PussyGrabber #CouldNotResist sending a JERK message to mobsters everywhere>This ones MINE
Thank you for the NO vote
Tx! Sen Lee thinks it is ok for Gorsuch to rule on cases of his Heritage/Federalist financiers, who Lee says should stay anon. FRIGHTENING.
It is frightening that Sotomayor was allowed in without a fight!
THANK YOU.
@SenateDems should be proud of @senatorleahy
WE don't care what your decision is really. We knew you opposed him b4 he was even questioned by biased democrat liberals.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart. Female, Floridian and Democrat that is almost is afraid to breath on any given day. Bless You.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you.  Don't help these people destroy what's great about the US.
Party first country last! Sour grapes, obstructionist, u all voted Gorsuch to the bench, you  r going to loose again! Pretty sad!
Thank you for your service to your state and our Country this should be taken to heart by @realDonaldTrump #NoOnGorsuch
Thanks to partisian & obstructive Reid the nuclear option is available. It's going to be even more sweet when it's to replace a liberal SCJ!
Tx Sir 4 opposing advancing #Gorsuch Nomination-U truly favor Avg Americans over Corporations despite d #CitizensUnited threat! @SenateDems
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
thank you Senator Leahy
Thank you, Sen. Leahy, for opposing this wholly unsuited USSC nominee who is far outside the mainstream.
Thank you, Senator.
you are a stain on this Nation sir!
it is time for you to go sir!  You are so irrelevant!  You know nothing of the real world beyond DC.  Please Retire!
Thank you!
Thanks Sen. Leahy for standing up to this extremist nominee & GOP, from an illegitimate pres, of a stolen SCOTUS seat. This Garland's seat
THANK YOU for blocking Gorsuch!  He is NOT Scalia, who put his faith second to his decisions, unlike G. He needs checked by Sup Crt Justices
thank you for doing the right thing.
Who cares what you democrats say or do. Remember you have lost the last 3 elections Leahy. Oppose at your own risk.
Thank you!
Thank you Senator!
The sky is not falling. Nothing to see here folks, move along now, move along now folks.
Thank you @SenatorLeahy
LEAHY IS A GLOBALIST. HE IS ON THE TAKE. IGNORE HIM. DRAIN THE SWAMP.
Thank you!  :)
His name is now on my wall .
Thank you for giving my thoughts & feelings a voice. Stand your ground for us despite the threats from GOP to change Senate rules.
Seen. Leahy you have a new fan in me!
Was inspired by your words
Wish you had McConnells job
I'm going to RT this!
 
Poor choice sir.
Thank you, Senator Leahy!
thank you for voting against Gorsuch nomination.  Dark money is a real threat to our democracy.  #Gorsuch
THANK YOU!  You are doing the right thing for this country.
Do Democratic Senators have a mind of their own. Or do they blindly follow whatever Schumer says? U are loosers and will remain losers
We love Harry Reid! Drop the nuke McConnell, thanks Harry Drop the nuke McConnell, thanks Harry Reid!! You Democrats were warned!
Thank you Senator!!
thank you.
It sounds like you wanted to hear certain key words and you didn't hear them, and that's all.
Thanks you shortsighted Democrats, you're about to set precedence for the Republicans to go nuclear with their second Supreme Court nominee
Hurray!!!!!
I am so looking forward to the nuclear bombs raining down in the Senate to confirm judge Gorsuch. Can't wait! Thanks Harry Reid!!
Sir, will be praying for your defeat. God Bless America.
you still in office, thought you retired years ago, perfect example of why America needs Congress Term Limits - & Drug Testing
Thank you Senator!
It doesn't matter. Thanks Harry
It matters. Minimize the significance if you choose to but it matters.
#FilibusterGorsuch 
If we don't stand up to Trump's racist & top 1% agenda...what's the point?
Thanks for being the incoherent partisan malcontent that you are.  The left loves you but mainstream America sees you for who you are.
Thank you!
thank you for standing up for what is right, @SenatorLeahy !!
Yay, thank you for voting NO on Gorsuch #stolenseat...no noms for Trump while under FBI investigations
Thank you! #NoGorsuch #filibuster #FilibusterGorsuch
Your dem leader Sen Reid went Nuclear in 2013, GOP should do the same!
THANK YOU!
@SenatorLeahy Thank you Senator Leahy. I have always respected your wisdom, discernment and service. Today, more than ever on no for Gorsuch
GOO should shut these leftists down, GO NUCLEAR! As did Senator Reid in 2013.
thank you Senator for supporting #liberty and #EqualityforAll Ed McCormick III
Partisan lip service with no valid reason given whatsoever. #Obstructionist.
Shut #CheetoVonTweeto down!!
