How can you take $ from the poor? They don't have the $. They are poor.
Yeah!! That's what I'm saying!! What BS!!
If my retired grandparents have to pay more medical expenses so that Republicans can give tax credits to rich I call it taking from the poor
What tax credits to rich? What cuts to your grandparents. Where in this bill does this happen? I'm poor,, and I'm being raped by Obamacare!!
If you're being raped by Obamacare you have no idea how poor the majority of the country is. 

800 million in tax cuts to rich.
And this bill will rape you harder.  What's missing here is the vast majority of the cuts are to the 0.1% getting over 200k each in tax cuts
The cuts are directed to able bodied people that are not working, not to the elderly. You are subject to fear and intimidation by the left
Nope.  Sorry. Able bodied working 55yos aren't able to afford premiums at 5 times what younger ppl pay.
Poor don't have money to shift from!!! Explain your statement,,, NYT!!!
Paying out of pocket for healthcare they can't afford.
I'm forced to buy health ins. that I can't afford to use with a $6000 deductible. At the force of the IRS?!!
Yeah. The GOP has been doing a number on you guys. That sucks.
That's Obamacare,, ding dong!!
GOP has been sabotaging for years. They really pulled the wool on ya. Understandable. They're professional liars.
You're lost. 8 years of Obama being corrected. That's why dem's keep losing seats. You're a cheese eater,, ain't ya'?!!
Nah. It makes me constipated.
It's the republican platform
i dont think thats true
I'll accept your expert opinion Dr Fart
thank you im glad someone gets it (that i am a politic expert)
Nope.  Gives  more power to the state's to meet their needs uniquely.
Soon. @realDonaldTrump
Good luck getting blood out of a turnip, old butt hole!
vultures sure are vicious birds; the GOP is their preferred place of sanctuary; sheer evil personified.
Bullshit. When McConnell (and I) had polio, our families needed support from FDR's March of Dimes. Otherwise we'd have been ruined. My family learned we needed universal healthcare. McConnell's evidently didn't.
Like they don't have more than enough for their own next 12 generations
62 years upon my head and never have I been so ashamed to be American.
Spreading fear and offering no solutions. Typical government. Just want to fight and not solve anything.
@MitchMcConnell Are you a Christian? Do you realize that you will be held accountable for your actions on Judgment Day? Open the Bible.
Man like him doesn't believe in GOD NOR in judgment day,other wise he wouldn't massacre our kids in day lights
Kids are only protected before they are born.
It's time to take America back from the 1/10 of 1% that's enslaving us one law at a time. Hoarding wealth causes poverty
If you've never known suffering compassion for those who are suffering is lost.
The rich get richer, the rest of us get sicker.
Sad days in my country!
Really disgusting!! And I hope no poor ppl voted these heartless bastards in! Shame on them if they did!
Why do we tolerate this? Where has common sense gone? Is there no end to the climb in class separation?
That is reverse economy so that we become top heavy like the president!
Hasn't that been the primary Republican agenda since Reagan was president?
At least use it to pay national debt, you crooked, miserable turkey neck w no soul & conscience, IMO
@BarbaraRacek It is not a health bill.  It is a tax and death bill though. Tax cuts for richest and death for the reason us.
Oops - should be " for the rest of us."
Perhaps the Only feature ~~ Why do they feel the need for greed ???????
Because their souls are empty. They'll destroy us to keep their power. Kill, steal and destroy is their mission.
@Mschlapp @MZHemingway

I don't recall the NYT's making this redistribution claim about Obamacare. Is the reverse not redistribution also?
Aside from the negative Trump & Repub coverage, Are we reading the Old Gray Lady's "all The News That's fit To Print" or the DNC Gazette ?
Redistributing income to the wealthiest 1-10% is the organizing principle of the @GOP
White Identity Christo-Fascists are their base voters
Never seen ole' Mitch this happy in years, does he think he bought himself some new lives while taking others with his new bill? #aca
He should had traded a few of the lives for a new face
Yeah the dopy turtle is wearing out fast
When are his voters going to get.rid of him
They'll be too sick to move
Too sick to vote is better!!
How the hell do you get that?! #FakeNews
By reading.
How fucking rich do you need to be. I NEVER want to be RICH....It dains the humanity and for Americans, we don't have enough to waste...
Of course it is.. Because they're a bunch of greedy f*cks.
Redistribution of wealth is despicable in any form -- equal opportunity not lopsided wealth.
Robin hood unrevised
everyone can say what they want social security&medicare is next  @SpeakerRyan is salivating over this remember that
Greed is never satisfied they want to get their fangs into Social Security big time. May they choke first 
It is Republican and Trump's definition of democracy :
Government of the rich, by the rich and for the rich.
#Wealthcare not #healthcare
i care about my wealth is that bad?
It's only bad if u want to hurt people to be wealthy. If u got wealthy honestly, there is nothing wrong with that. Enjoy
that is my views thank for agree with me
"GOP to replace ObamCare with WealthCare. The rich take care of the rich! Everyone else is to fend for themselves or find a way to get rich.
And what else would the republicans, bought and paid for by the wealthy, do?
That's a feature, not a bug. 

#GOPDeathParty
Kentuckians. Mitch McConnell is giving u folks the screwing of a life time.He ain't done.More to come.So keep voting your hate. Its working.
My entire point in Facebook life is impressing what's happening on my massive Kentucky family. They'll have heard my arguments despite fox
Why?
#fakenews heard you cut your price money trouble
We need term limits on Senate and House These people have forgotten who they work for  got paid off by billionaires
boo boo!
Great!  American way is to strive to get rich not handed out on silver platter
Bull fake news new York Times oh what else is new
What's new? The rich get richer and the poor get poorer. Soon they'll have it so you just go somewhere to die if you're poor.
47% of children in US on Medicaid. 1 in 5 go hungry. Do we need to give more tax cuts to rich? Becoming a 3rd world, MAGA Bullshi*
Umm more like it's a key feature of GOP policies in general.  Not just healthcare.
All who vote for this white male GOP bill need to explain how tax break for wealthy is a health benefit @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake @azcentral
All who vote for this white male GOP bill need to explain how tax break for wealthy is a health benefit @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins
All who vote for this white male GOP bill need to explain how tax break for wealthy is a health benefit @SenDeanHeller @senrobportman @cnn
Studied economic behaviors for 30 yrs. that extra $$ to the wealthy will NOT be recycled back into the economy. It's reverse Robin Hood.
Ok but where did that money come from to begin with?
That's been the plan all along. @GOP take from the poor & give even more to the wealthy #immoral
Broadcast this over and over maybe Republicans will finally see GOP and Trump are in pockets of the rich
They are currently monopolzing the marking and controlling our premiums.  I only want to buy what my family needs. Not birth control, etc.
Give the plan a chance. Let Insurance companies compete and allow them to sell across state lines.
How is Obamacare helped?  My premiums have tripled and my deductable is now $5000.00.   I don't see how it can get any worse.
Please explain why the tax credits to the rich are in this bill?
BS.  Fake News.
#SenateImprovements  em·bez·zle·ment theft or misappropriation of funds placed in one's trust or belonging to one's employer:
GOP: fraternity of self-serving, racist, misogynist, dictatorial, white old males w.o. empathy 4 anyone not in club. Bill's payback 2 owners
That's what health insurance does PERIOD. And it wont stop until we have universal single payer with no deductibles
Unthinkable and unforgivable
Let's be clear the Carriers are leaving the exchange because you are not guaranteeing the subsidies! So it's not failing you are killing it
That is all they care. 2years from now all their people will feel the heat/ no insurance and even though not supposed to say that#be happy
Disgusting
Despicable
They'll keep doing that until the whole economy collapses.
Is right there slso. Damn the greater good all for  Bannon and Trump. They have never ever served the people. You voted these gutless men in
Key feature?  The word is purpose.
McConnell is just the latest right wing weasel to put himself and his vision of glory and wealth ahead of the American people. Lapdog Ryan
Sold out them,the country and put politics ahead of the people. Don't delude yourself all republicans place party ahead of country.
Mitch McConnell is a man voters entrusted to protect them and see to the country's and the individuals needs, instead this turncoat
Redistribution of wealth is supposed to go in the other direction 
Rich have too much already
Another fake news from the NYT.  The healthcare bill helps the poor much more than the wealthy
Same old playbook. Republicans transfer money from poor to wealthy. Do people still actually fall for that? Gig is up @nytimes #fakenews
Yes, the opposite of Robin Hood
HOGWASH.  Obviously You have not read the bill
That is because they are the entitled ones, remember.
Yes - Medicaid pays for 45% of all births in USA. USA has 4th highest poverty level of OECD countries. And our wealthiest need a tax break?
McConnell  you are heartless.
Right!  A tax refund is a gift from the government because they are giving you your money back!!
Just like Hobin Rood
The elite in America live in a welfare system where the government provides everything for them.
This is not a Health Care bill.  It does nothing to fix what is wrong with the ACA, but it does redistribute wealth.
Also known as redistributing LESS money from the rich to the poor. But somehow to you that means you're taking money from the poor.
Nothing but a bunch of pigs
Shocking
Another Bill paved in gold where only the wealthy elite may step.
.@nytimes
#GOP believes only the wealthy deserve representation in our govt. They've proven every office in the land is 4 sale to the highest bidder.
Trickle down is proven not to
work time after time, but the
Republicans keep using it to
take away from us all they can!
How about we find a way to take any money and coverage #mcconell has and give it to some poor family!  Let him try and scramble for care
It's the whole reason for the bill, nothing to do with healthcare. Let's be honest.
#GOP "healthcare" plan: 
1. "Money makes poor people sick."
2. "Let's save their lives by taking money away from them!"
The basis of the Times article is false in that it says the Republicans by reducing federal taxes will punish healthcare.. so ridiculous
The Republican brand of Capitalism is designed to keep poor people poor.
This is total false reporting and has no basis
They are evil.
Many of them get wages subsidized by paying so little their workers get SNAP & Medicaid. Now the 80% will pay for those things instead.
The poor have no lobbyists.
Mcconnel needs to retire......
Another Fake News story by NYT!
This bill the GOP propose is about racism. Plain and simple.
Redistribution of income? Could it be?
The premise of the headline is shaky at best. Thr health bill doesn't give money to wealthy people unless you mean doctors.
Here is the goal: "freeing individuals from requirements that they have insurance and emphasizing personal responsibility." Audacious right?
Oh those poor rich people. They don't have enough money. They can only afford four or five homes and six or seven cars
Not true! NYT creating more fake news! 
More like re-redistributing it back to it's rightful owners. Cutting taxes on the rich is not stealing from the poor.
It's called a "Reverse Robin Hood".
Republicans have TRULY SOLD THEIR SOULS to highest bidder with this fiasco of a Health Care Bill.
Fake news
Same old same old. Obamacare did it and I'm sure this bill will too. Every time they pass a law it benefits the billionaire club.
Fake news
How the hell does Senator McTurtle live with himself?
Stop the Bill! Go Home, Weasels!
It explains the need for secrecy and the lack of inclusiveness
Not a "key" feature. The SOLE feature/purpose of #TrumpCare #HellerVoteNO @DeanHeller
Let them do it. When the pendulum swings back, the Mercers and Adelsons and Co. will be used as hors d'oeuvres b4 the poor attack the GOP.
They say we will see trickle down and with all we give them it should be a damn Waterfall???
Why do we need to give them more money to hide overseas???
can't have both
Why do the Republicans not see it that way?
At least get it right, not redistribution, just that nobody has to pay a penalty if they don't want ACA!
trump talks Obama & Russia hack to detract americans from this truth:
The Obliteration of the Working Poor is in the guise of a Health Bill
Explain please
This Man Has No Shame.
Sick of taxpayers being called "rich" and the takers called "poor" nothing could be further from the truth. Not poor, greedy.
Oh let's see, letting taxpayers "rich" keep more of what they earn. Perhaps the "poor" should do more to earn what they have/get. Hmm?
Doesn't Kentucky have a drug problem, I wonder Who else McConnell is getting money from? Drug Companies? Hospitals? Oil executives?
McConnell is smiling, like fox that stole the golden egg from goose He's got his golden parachute insurance & a New Ford plant in Kentucky
As usual New York Times distorts. Here is the bottom line. Obamacare was sold on keep your doctors, keep your plan, lower costs. All lies.
Surreal...
"Thy love afar is spite at home." - Emerson
the VERY MALADIES (i.e., pre-existing conditions) WE GO TO THE DOCTOR FOR is the most INJURIOUS STATE ACTION in the LAST 30 YEARS. 

Unreal.
IN NEW EXPENDITURES w/ BORROWED $ from FOREIGN LENDERS- that is, to "replace a COST-SAVING system" w/a MORE EXPENSIVE ONE that DOESN'T COVER
State Action CALLING FOR SEVERAL TRILLIONS MORE IN *BORROWED FUNDS* to "pay for a 'new GOP Plan' in ANY WAY "a tax cut" for the rich?
ARE REDISTRIBUTED back onto RICH TAXPAYERS at the STATE LEVEL. Notably, there is NO $ RAISED TO PAY FOR THE "GOP PLAN" How is this NEEDLESS
Moreover, EVERY NEWLY UNINSURED CITIZEN is going to WALTZ RIGHT INTO THEIR LOCAL ER for "free services" and LO AND BEHOLD! these COSTS
Away with this LIE that the Senate bill- which calls for TRILLIONS in NEW TAXES- is somehow a "benefit to the rich" when THEY PAY TAXES TOO.
You're of course referring to the money that was redistributed from anyone who paid taxes to anyone who didn't during Obama's regime.
A tale as old as time take from the neediest to build the coffers of the rich.
Damn, turtles get far to old..we'll have to deal with this monster for years and years
#mitchmcconnell laugh now cry later. God will prevail over your evil. I hope the stupids that voted for #trump are happy & join u in Hell
It will be about restoring right of the people to have multiple choices instead of government Meddling. Free markets do work best for people
Amazing how many foolish people believe this. Unreal.
This is rubbish...the poor have no money to give
Headline should be:  GOP #Wealthcare bill to replace AmericaCare from previous administration. McConnel: "Too much focus on poor Americans."
The Genocide Bill.
The GOP's ultimate goal
Isn't that what they call Socialism!! GOP = Reverse Robin Hood
Speculation is not news! Even the NewsGuild thinks NYT lies.No wonder they are firing reporters and editors.Losing $ n readers every day.
That's all it's about. Cutting healthcare for 23 million people so the Koch brothers can get a tax break. The GOP is killing America.
@sangerkatz They are poor and they voted for GOP. They get what they voted for.
Thanks 2Trump &GOP the rich r now thieves.Trumpers will catch on when there r less jobs, no healthcare, & no FoodStamps hits them personally
#NoToTrumpCare @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @SenateDems  @SenSanders @SenFeinstein The new bill is bad for the USA!! You must vote NO!!
Mitch McConnell will be visited by 3 ghosts.  The third ghost is going to show him lying on his deathbed wishing for a do over.
Money can't buy ethics or morals.
THE GOP DON'T GIVE A FLYING "F"ABOUT MORALS..WHEN YOU COLLUDE WITH A FOREIGN COUNTRY TO INTERFERE IN OUR ELECTIONS..GMAFB?
disgusting
#WealthCare
So much for draining the swamp, is draining the poor so they can live in the swamp
Rich people make money from our labor.                       & call it profits & "theirs"
If taxed they yell theft
If poor die ='s fate
Truth is we are in this together
Fake news as usual
For once I hope it's fake news. If not they deserve the pal !
Turtle don't care. He and his are not going to be affected.
McConnell & GOP seem to have missed the part about serving the people. He's a reverse Robin Hood stealing from the poor & giving to the rich
Reverse Robin Hood = Robber Barons
If Trump's base supporters ever picked up a copy of the NYT, they might be illuminated. However, pretty sure they don't.
Yeah, start up with the class warfare BS. #predictable
The only true reason for its existence
Is not health bill. Is deception to cut $1 trillion from Medicaid which covers 76 million people to give $1 trillion tax cut to wealthy 1%
Welfare is best used by the Wealthy...
the poor, they would just squander it on opioids
What's new? It is the United States of the Rich!
How does anyone that breathes not get it? Obviously, it is all a setup. I just can't believe we are this stupid? The world is Twilight Zone!
Is it possible that Sen. found a way to murder millions of Americans? I hope not.
Why would this man want to take my insurance away? If I don't have it I'll die. 
It's the Koch/Ryan plan.  Pence is meeting Koch tonight to discuss healthcare. Trump's voters didn't vote for that alliance.
