@politiCOHEN_ lmao. Why he let shit like this happen then....
great faux analogy bro.Cuz mildly creepy uncle moment is like denigrating a woman who dares critique ur work&no matter w/U dig,not creepy as
merely bringing up the point that things like that are occurring on both sides. Troll someone else who gives a fuck.
triggered is the definition of your tweets. How is my comment about Biden putting me in MAGA camp exactly?
I miss all the love !!! bet the White House does too.
Melania can speak six languages. Michelle struggles with English. But to each their own...
Trump is vile, contemptuous, and many other things - but, ain't no one perfect ...
As I recall, that's not the way that incident occurred. Nice photo shop, though.
Thanks -  though, photoshop wasn't necessary.
I think someone was falling. I don't recall President Obama leering like that.
Great.  Have a wonderful weekend.
This man is the biggest war criminal of all time, wake up you fools.
Wow he can't stand while talking to them, how disrespectful.
But not for America!
Neither are you
On the contrary, I proved my love by actions not memes!
...respect for women unless he is doling out assignments....”run me a copy of...”, get me a sandwich”......
Until you hear the audio and he is telling them exactly how he wants his coffee.
a picture of obama mansplaining? k.
He knew women have it going on.It was smart of him to use their wisdom.Gosh! I miss those calm days.Other countries knew we were lucky2.
Because he has a giant vagina
No respect for the Resolute desk....get yer effin ass off it barry
Obama does look like he's carrying a little period bloat....

@POTUS44, Classy & Respectful of All Females. @realDonaldTrump Sexual Predator, Child Molester, Fowl Mouth, Common, Mean  DISRESPECT FEMALES
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2013/04/06/us/politics/obama-apologizes-for-praising-female-officials-looks.html … ...classy!
Really, that's it. PREDATOR @realDonaldTrump entered undressed TEENS' dressing rms. Bragged, he kisses & grabbed women PUSSIES, w/o CONSENT
Don't forget he colluded with Russia to steal the election!!
Every day is one of those days.

I'm still grieving him.
Me too.
I look at it differently.

https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/21779 …
Flashing his crotch while lecturing = "respect".  Gotcha


Hmmmm any picture of a Republican president doing that would maybe, possibly, probably be deemed mansplaining
Tell yourself whatever you need as you vacate your soul to support a ridiculous buffoon. Seriously, it's like a mental illness with you guys
I miss @BarackObama & @MichelleObama!!!!!
#DemsResist are the forum of manufactured outrage over realDonaldTrump's tweets is EXACTLY the #fakenews we're SICK of #ResistanceSummer
You capture it so well too.  We all "know of" someone in the WH that could use a few lessons in respect now.  TY 4 reminding us.
Appear in public post surgery wearing bandages, don't be upset if people don't want to look at you.  NOT disrespectful to women!
Just go away like respectable ex Presidents . Enough damage bt the great divider!
Never has there been a photo that more perfectly captured "mansplaining".
Women don't get to sit in Obamas WH? #respect

wasn't he showing off his boner to the ladies of the press on Air Force one.  All Trump said was this chicks face was bloody
Cool


I respect women more
The women's facial expressions say it all. "Can't believe this lazy idiot's first job was POTUS and I have to listen to his garbage."
Conjecture at best. Thanks for the "shake my head" of the day though. That's something.
HaHaHaHaHaHaHaHa!!! Talking at women doesn't imply respect for them.
Mansplaning.
And how much were they paid in relation to their male counterparts? BTW, man get tucks too. Trump's comments didn't target women.
like when he was flashing his hard on to female press on the plane?
Let's have a do-over: Trump being idolized by Kellyanne Conway, Sarah Huckabee, Ivanka and K T Macfarlane if she's still there.
Obama-by being the most classy, genteel ladies...

Woman-What exactly do you want us to do?

Obama-Raise those skirts up about three inches!
. . You sorry ass Tell that to Bill Clinton ! You want More . . .
So then, this wasn't the "nicest smile" contest? Or maybe something... worse?
RIGHT? What a concept! Treating women as respectfully as men. SHOCKING!
From a towering figure of intellect, respect & composure, to this pathetic excuse for a man...  He makes me feel embarrassed for being a man
He makes us embarrassed to be the same species.
OMG, dude. Nothing about those women's body language says, "I feel respected". Read the room. Crossed arms, crossed legs, the look on faces.
With his wife who is a strong, ethical person, how could he not?  She in her own right has been a great role model.
Even women who sexually harass men and POTUS about what she thinks their penis size is? Would you like it if she did that to you?
He understands and values their contributions to society.
you r brown -noser I cannot stop laughing at this "show of respect" Now post pic of him showing off hard on on the plane RESPECT!
Like when he showed off his boner on an airplane with a bunch of reporters standing around. Ahhh what a feminist.
But paying em less tho Barry from Honolulu just can't walk the walk
Manslpaining. Once a misogynist always a misogynist.
The party that made up the wage gap myth to scare women into voting for them respects women.

Right.
They all look miserable
I see him mansplaining a bunch of women.
Photoshop Trump into that photo & it would trigger a #Mansplaining hashtag that would trend nationally & dominate news.  See how it works?
When did lecturing women become respect?
Respect for women?
#betamale  #Mansplaining
You were saying?
When there was respect in the WH! @SenWarren @womensmarch @RBReich @MMFlint @morningmika
Kind of looks like he is mansplaining something to me.
Mansplaining
What if he's telling them all they need to get facelifts?
Disrespect for women. This may make Obama ass sniffers cry as his crass treatment of women is revealed.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHk8ToWgPCk …
Spot the difference
Their faces really show how much they enjoy being lectured to!
Your profile pic: reverse image search, lol.
Their faces say it all, I too was pretty sick of his lecturing, especially since he was wrong about everything.
#BOLegacyStands
 because he IS one! #MAGA 
See, respect for woman!
Was it out of respect that Obama paid women less than men?

Male-female pay gap remains entrenched at White House
Those women look miserable. What's he talking down to them about?
They women are all displaying "closed in" body language, definitely not comfortable.
Wait...is obama...MANSPLAINING!?!?!?!
"Hold on a second, sweetie"
They all look mildly annoyed, wrong caption
You can disagree with Obama on policy or tactics, that's fair. You cannot question his character or his decency.
Except for when he showed female reporters his penis. No Democratic POTUS has ever respected women.
Really? How, exactly?
This is bull. Obama was the worst President, but even so , I never spewed the hate that I see within the Left. sad angry hateful people.
Lol remember Obama shoving his erection in the faces of women on the plane?
Because he is one
I thought they called this 'Mansplaining"
Yeah he had real respect for The Little Sisters of the Poor.
Momjeans-splainin'

Mansplaining
All this from ppl who supported the greatest sexual deviant of all time, Bill Clinton. But hey, I did too. But, I love my country so, GOP
This photo appears in the dictionary under the "Mansplaining" entry.
Well, Trump doesn't show disrespect to Melania like ...  .. Mr Perfect Obama .. remember? Did u forget that fast?! 
Nah, he's clearly mansplaining.
A lady like you must be smitten.
Really? You can tell that from a snapshot? What if he's telling them to lay off the carbs?
Mansplainin'
Picture that is used to illustrate "mansplaining."
Yeah, I remember him flaunting his erection to a bunch of women on a plane. That's some respect!
How sexist, He's mansplaining to women
hold on a sec sweetie
Imagine it! Classy & respectful
Mansplaining to women is okay now.  Because it is pretty clear that's what your image shows.

Oh, they look so respected.
Obama likes 2 mansplain 2 women audience, just like this time on a plane. Seems pretty proud of the #snakeonaplane
Fail, try again......Punk.
I'll bet you he is telling them how awesome he is!
i'm thinking more like mansplaining. Or trying to get fashion tips.
Yes, specials for them and for every Body, He is smart, simple and compassionate
Obama's 'respect for women' example #564.
Obama's 'respect for women' example #435
Obama 'respect for women' example #323.
Some women display such disgusting behavior on marches, on tv etc that it reflects poorly on other women  who deserve respect.
"Ladies, take a dictation.  Just kidding, I'm not Bill Clinton"
You can clearly see it on their faces. Obama's totally mansplaining to them.
probably telling them how great it was to have the media doing same thing to bim that monica did to bill
Well, that didn't go quite the way you planned, did it? LOL!
Ya he respected them so much he had them do all his dirty work for him and they are now facing prosecution! It's called being a pimp! #MAGA
this picture was taken an hour after denouncing the beheading of american journalist james foley.

thank you god for donald trump
Women having to wear skirts and stand during a long winder. Not respect

Wow what a different world we live in now with that sexist pig we have in the White House!
Want me to send you pics of Trump doing the same in his board rooms? There are plenty.
He's side manspreading on the desk.
I wonder what kind of sandwich he wanted.
The last leader of the free world for now
OH MY GOD!! He is sitting on the desk!!!!!!

your ability to discern demeanour from a photo of someone's back is nothing short of incredible. Kudos.
Looks like some classic mansplainin' to me
notice how these women are less haggered looking then the present WH staff....
#mansplaining
How does that show respect for women. That actually shows a man sitting on the edge of his desk giving borders to a group of women.
*orders
All these women look like they're enduring a mansplaining.
Fundamental/non negotiable.@AttorneyHerman
trump respects women! Its just the bigger the boobs the more he respects them!?
Respect by mansplaining
From the same party who brought us this.  :/
A little mansplaining can be a good thing.
Sheesh I hate blind partisanship. They both suck. Obama = Trump.
44>45
Lest we forget:
<<YES WE VOTED>>
Lots of respect for women I agree
OBAMBA is Discusting! I saw the video of this exact screen shot months ago! I have no Idea why there are so many Ignorant people! UGH! 
Looks like man-splaining to me.

I think this is called mansplaining.
Yes, because that's the look that tells you that. Your poor wife.
Mansplaining to four women.

The contrast is glaringly clearer. We ve had a main man in charge , and now we have a toddler in charge. What shd we expect of a man-child?
What is he mansplaining to them?
Cherry picking again?
Is he mansplaining?
I like the 'your a jackass' look they are giving him when he's mansplaining.
I wish his Mom could have seen her child in action. Now that's the man most moms would have their daughters marry. love the whole family!!
Obama is mansplaining which is sexist and those women are also racist because they are all white. No diversity = racism.
He is mansplaining to them...
He's lecturing them, like anyone else he comes in contact with, regardless of race, gender, english ability, interest in listening.....
Just reminding them of his half white privledge too
@michjswain, I love Souza's twitter now.  The irony.
He's lecturing a bunch of women. You understand this, right?

@VP doesn't want to be alone with women. @potus wants to be left alone with women so he can verbally/physically assault them. #truth
He paid them less than the men
And a picture of Obama mansplaining?
#MADA
Dignified
We don't really need a reminder of who he is, only who his family is
