Think you spelled Obama appointed leftist who protected you wrong #fastandfurious #contempt of Congress
Sally Yates: person of integrity/attorney with great legal skill. Has served this nation with distinction. Her judgment should be trusted.
Shut up !!!!
No. You're not the boss of me.

The difference is that the Muslim will shoot you and the Christian will protect you with that gun.
That's just not true since More Christians killed more Americans than Muslims
I see our education system has failed you.
You keep forgetting history
Your endorsement is enough to tell me she's dangerous. #SoreLosers
sure it is. Right along with delaying cabinet picks. Sore losers being obstructionists.
obstructionism, is that sorta like that 10 month delay of hearing for Merrick Garland?
delaying SCOTUS nomination process for almost 1 year is NOT the norm. 
so trying to delay another four is ok? Childish at the very least-obstructionist at the worst
childish? Coming from someone who uses pedantic names like "obummer" and "lunatic libs" is hilarious 
.@EricHolder Sure, gunrunning gangster. She could be as dangerous and corrupt as you.
We need Jeff Sessions confirmed as soon as possible then send this hack out. @POTUS @SpeakerRyan @PressSec 

@EricHolder
I know. How can Pres Trump run the govt without his cabinet? Ridiculous!
Do you know McDonnell's twitter handle?
..& now Trump has fired her -Sally Yates is obviously too smart/compassionate to be a part of Trump's Nazi WH @POTUS
And now she is fired.
Shocking - absolutely unbelievable.
I approve of his action. He can't have those that aren't going to support him around.
It scares me and worries me when someone educated in the law, gives an opinion based on the law of our land, and then is fired.
#amaturetrump I'm afraid this is only the beginning. Trump is running things like the Celebrity Apprentice.
that was a stupid comment, no other word STUPID
Stupid is not recognizing what an amateur Trump is.
An amateur politician, I never said he wasn't,,
you wouldn't know the first thing about integrity. Except how to not have any at all. Go away criminal!
http://Www.instantrimshot.com 
no she served under a crook and and a disingenuous president
With a Character reference from you I'd guess she should be disbarred...
@JohnJHarwood insubordination.... she deserved her fate and i'm happy he removed her from the swamp.
I respectfully disagree. @POTUS was w/in his rights to fire her, but as an acting AG, her obligation was to uphold the law.
she took and oath to but didn't after she approved the executive order. It seems very political to me.
Hmmm, I'm undersnding is that only select members of the DOJ knew of the EO b4 it was released, & she didn't know of it?
no she knew and approved than made her stance.
ahhh, that is new info to me. Do you have a source? This surprises me bc Yates is a member of @GOP.
no source it's been reported a million times. I'll fact check though
I've been fact checking so much over last 2 weeks. Hard to trust what we hear from both the media & the @WhiteHouse rn 
Agreed, but we can appreciate @EricHolder keeping it 
you liberal loony tunes always have throw racism in there when you get your ass handed 2you. Grow up
U MEAN LIKE HOW THE DESERTER BERGDAHL SERVED WITH DISTINCTION TOO?
hmmm,what office will she be running4- sorry so cynical these days @JimWebbUSA is a man of integrity..that's what it looks like.
p
she was grandstanding
You do realize she broke her oath, right?
DOJ lawyers swear an oath to the Constitution, not to any person or party.
Correct, An executive action has the same weight as a law passed by congress She failed to enforce the law of the land
No, the WH issued an EO that she said was illegal and it's for the courts to decide.
That's not an AGs job. Their job is uphold the laws of the land. At the time, it was a law. Please share the exact
No reason to use profanity. Please share the part of the Constitution that makes what he did illegal.
and I apologize that profanity became part of our discussion, it is unnecessary
. By this you mean she is an evil snake that has a legion of minions dwelling under rocks to do her dirty work. Right?
guess she learned from you it's ok to pick & choose which parts of the Constitution to uphold. Is that what the oath says?

like you, Mr  Contempt of Congress?  The memo was accurate.  Yates betrayed the DOJ and her Country,  F both of you.
But she will always have her principles.
Sally Yates is a hero.  Class act
SOME IDIOTS JUST HAVE TO BE IGNORED...
YOU WERE WONDERFUL AND SALLY HAS MORALS...
lol integrity... hers and your judgement shouldn't be trusted
How Dare you call thos woman with integrity. She a piece of TRASH JJUST LIKE YOU. NOT GOOD ENOUGH TO CARRY THIS TITLE..
Since Reagan ended Fairness Doctrine @FoxNews @seanhannity has created a generation of mislead #voters thinking Dems are Godless
Fox is not news, @FoxNews is a propaganda machine used 2 get #republicans elected, that's Fascism. Propaganda is not free speech
I agree but I also blame you @FCC & #Obama for letting @FoxNews use public airways 2 create #Trump & mislead #voters 4 @GOP gain
You are missed. We need another AG like you.
@spurnthebern 
Eric give it to us straight, isn't anyone going to do something about Bannon and Trump. END this CHARADE
Coming from you, sir, is not an endorsement. Ur the most corrupt AG in history.  Not to mention biggest race baiter too.  #Lib
problem: don't trust you --criminal contempt of Congress.
@CJCreggConcanon and a traitor to her now ex-boss. I would have fired her too-dereliction of duty
and his ilk get a degree then use it to radicalize our Constitution.
fast and furious! Who's  judgement we talking about! Obama's DOJ was a disgrace!
no!
Nope.If the order was legal , she has to follow it.

   Validate your 2nd Amendment Rights ...         Carry
Trump just gave another downgrading and attempt at minimizing her worth. She had the audacity to speak up without lies
Eric Holder's state Dept didn't prosecute Wall Street  or killer cops. I don't trust his judgement or Trump's.
@LEngelhorn Maybe she can join you now?
Jeff Sessions vs. Sally Yates -

so she helped you with Fast & Furious gun running then?
Courage Under Pressure. GRACE
coming from you.  Nah.
He should have fired her 30 seconds after he was sworn in! Along with all the Obama lawbreakers. His mistake.
she got the boot and it was fast and furious! You understand that. @JHaystrand @Right_This_Ship @RJGatorEsq @CNN @FoxNews @NPR
Keep dividing the country, just like you have done in the past.  All this is disgusting!
same kind of integrity you have?! NO THANKS!
@SallyQYates TELL SALLY 2 COME 2 CALIFORNIA 2 HELP US #CALEXIT! WE HAVE 6TH BIGGEST ECONOMY IN THE WORLD & WE DON'T NEED djt!
and we should trust your judgment stop, I can't breathe! 
That isn't saying a whole helluva lot coming from you sir!!
One skill lacking, She can't follow direction. Why not resign. Wanted to fight??
Trying hard to get my head around how, at a minimum, this does not echo Kim Davis's unwilling to marry gays. & she kept her job
Then lets move her toward the fight. We need fresh talent. America needs character over fear. Why not her???
Sally Yates cannot be trusted.
yeah just like you did #polticalHacks #Goodbye 
@Dan2582Ortiz all she needs on her resume is to say she stood up to Trump!  Ha!
A helluva lot more than yours, Mr Didn't Prosecute Any War Criminals or Banksters Back Working to Protect White Collar Criminals
@DrLaLisa #iwouldneverkeepmyjobactinglikethatwhyshouldshe
She just left DOJ lawyers under a microscope because she couldnt resist being a drama queen. Yea, real trustworthy judgment.
thank you and Sally Yates for your amazing service to this country, for upholding justice for all and equal rights.
Trusted by the radical alt-left.  The voters spoke and @POTUS is in charge.
We can do no better for a role model for our youth.
U both served w/distinction.I trust judgement of both of u.Can't protect ALL of us now,so CA will have2do.Sun Tzu?Take care.
you forgot "fired"
from AG who was held in contempt of congress.  Integrity - not.
Didn't trust yours so not sure I buy that so blindly
She, as you, refused to enforce existing laws. Not only dereliction of duty but criminal.
maybe so, maybe not. Neither your judgement nor your motives, however, should be trusted. #contemptofcongress
You will see how much dignity people have by their actions If protecting and upholding the law gets them fired they are patriots
and when @SallyQYates says, "with all due respect, HELL to the NO", i think that's good advice for the rest of us
#TheResistance
Pot calling the kettle black. Speaking of COWARDLY behavior, cookie takes cake. Holder biggest coward of all hiding behind race
.AG Holder. Absolutely.Thought your judgment could be trusted too, till you told BillMaher "#Comey's a good man!"
This lady wants to allow terrorist into our country.  We need to protect our kids and family.  Americans should come first.
More nonsense from EH. Just another Obama puppet with no brain.
Won't stand up in court especially with the video of Giuliani talking & how he cooked up a way to "make the Muslim ban legal."
Making the transition to comedian?
That woman has a seriously awesome future in this country!
now I know it was right to fire her. If you think she should be trusted then I know she is a snake like you
LOLOLOLOL
@eyesawthat @KellyannePolls @kayleighmcenany @tedcruz @GOP thrump knows nothing about integrity #crookeddonald
2 hearing if she'd uphold US Constitution she said yes
And she did
Trump's interference is breakdown of rule of law #NoBanNoWall
Your judgement was flawed by choosing democrate values instead of her commander in chief! 
I call that stupid.
@chuckschumer
1 Merrick Garland was never afforded the courtesy of a hearing
When @SenatorSessions questioned Yates at her confirmation ...
@jamieraegomes  she crossed the line, so get over it,
the left is now irrelevant
you mean like you should be trusted.  Right
@zeitgeistbabe Hope she runs for office. Washington very short on integrity!
the theme/goal with Trump and yes, Bannon is to remove minority groups from any leadership role and plug in "white nationalist"
@TheBaxterBean She is certainly not a "betrayer."
#America spoke loud Clear. #DOJ corrupt including yourself. Dems are lost. Ship has sunk. Leave the muck sink bottom in disgrace
@BarackObama @POTUS44 -would u care to ADD to this statement???? PLS DO!!!
actually the fact that she refused to uphold her oath of office is why she should never  be trusted.
Obama said a traitor to America! Thank God he's gone!
#SallyYates should fill the empty #SCOTUS seat  #SallyYatesIsAHero
Let's ask Brian Terry if Eric Holder's judgement should be trusted.
Nice rhetorical trick, dear, but *judgment* is not synonymous with *law*.Her 1 duty is 2 uphold law, not write it.

#HeroSallyYates
#HeroSallyYates
#HeroSallyYates
#HeroSallyYates…
You're lucky you're not in prison. @EricHolder
Éric Holder worst AG, Everywhere I worked I would have been Fired by refusing legal & constitutional orders, Yates wax fired.
l need you contact.
Sessions is in his pocket and America is in deep DODO I am proud she stood up to Trump
Wrong.
@preopticarea She was not doing her duty! She went against Republican orders. She would have carried out Clintons orders.
LOL....a political hack who put her biased poltical agenda before her oath of fulfilling her duty
coming from you that means nothing!
Thank you for speaking up. It helps to have reassurance from respected professionals.
well done I say - "Yates 4 Pres" the first 2show integrity & yes Don, its a woman who shamed U - no words no threats - integrity
Go directly to prison for your past wrongdoings. Too late for a pardon for Fast and Furious.
same type of distinction as #Bergdahl ,curious mind would like to know
Your days are numbered, Holder. Tic-toc, Tic-toc. Your sham of a career is over...
Coming from the criminal Holder LOL
THANK YOU!  Can you please tell us what we as a people need to do to LEGALLY stop this dictator?
But Eric.... We KNOW that we should NOT trust YOU, so what does that say about HER!?!?!?
.@EricHolder ...says the AG who was in contempt of Congress for hiding Operation Fast and Furious documents! Just go away.
Better to have her on the side of Justice fighting for the cause of a Free USA. #INTEGRITY
#maga supporters...You're blind fools.remember this,when ww3 breaks out,and Donnie boy is pushing it, you'll die too
A Man who made sure lawlessness was normal A man who supported destruction. A man who wants the constitution destroyed.
You mean like your judgment? Three words for you, Mr. Holder...Fast and Furious.
What on earth would you know about integrity?  @EricHolder
Yet she can not do her job. You're Fired!!!
Good Job!! Sally Yates keep up the good work. A wonderful stand
@MsKadyClark HereHere kudos MsYates you are a hero
Except she is a political hack like you who refused to enforce laws on the books.She doesn't get to write laws just follow them.
That woman has some educated balls #SallyYates - unlike @AGPamBondi - so he wasn't expectn to #Pay2Play w/that @realDonaldTrump
Then SALLE YATES should have RESIGNED with dignity and skill. You are NEVER above the LAW!
Why trust what you say when you proved to be a totally biased and untrustworthy public servant?
In the corporate world REFUSING 2do your job u would b on sidewalk w personal items b4 u finished sentence! And Left calls that "integrity"
Shouldnt you be working on helping CA leave the union? We can use the 22.8 billion used for refugees&illegals elesewhere in USA.Hurry up
While I don't know much about her, I believe your 3 assertions are likely correct. Regardless, how she handled this was bad.
I'm sure she is all those things..but she is not part of our agenda. So?!
please tell me us average citizen what we can do to right this wrong
says the man behind the #fastandfurious curtain and other #leftist political agenda closet schemes. #zerocredibilty
: You were use to breaking the law. That's why you stick up for lawbreakers. #fastandfurious #JamesRosen
Sally Yates very brazen resignation as acting AG was her version of a #SexTape it got her the attention she craves!
you liking her is a clear sign she IS NO GOOD FOR AMERICA
She's just as corrupt as you were Eric? how many innocent Mexicans citizens died because of Fast & Furious?
Yates is a hero for putting the US Constitution ahead of President Small-Hands and his horrible agenda.
}How do ppl who condescend to others view their own credibility?
} Sheesh... reading tweets by Republicans pointing fingers and claiming "obstruction." How do they have credibility?
She is as anti-Amer8can as u, Holder. A fascist now put of my government. Thank God.
Agreed!
too bad yours didn't.
@beverlyNOTMYPRE I agree but what about Comey how is this traitor still in office? A #RUSAcoup
Like yours, lmao.
U mean to tell me it is good judgment to refuse to obey ur boss? I'll bet there wld b a lot of people fired if they listened 2 u
Sally Yates just added her name to the history books. When Trump is impeached, she will be universally recognized as the hero she is.
So true!! Thank you Sally!
We'll #rememberSallyYates
No, the law should be trusted.  Law gives President the authority to turn back any immigrants he deems dangerous to the USA.
@ShellyPass There should be outrage that Trump said Yates "Betrayed America" which is overreaching and shows his instability
Says one of the most corrupt AG ever to work in WADC. Eric Holder, hater of police, law & order. Perfect fit for CA.
.Americans have rejected the progressive vision which distorts our Constitution&gnores our laws w/ our Trump vote
Ugh!! You are a joke! May God condemn you for your evil deeds!!!   #MAGA #45 #thankyoutrump #Liberals #SoreLosers #AmericaFirst
Sally Yates protecting the constitution against tyrant regime! God save this country!  We are better than this!
Big difference with keeping a political party safe and KEEPING AMERICA SAFE ! 
AMERICA FIRST 
Please get together with other leaders, politicians, attorneys and do something about this administration. This can not happen!
....so says THE most politicized AG in the history of America! Thank God USA is done with you
you have no clue of integrity
see this on Trump-Russia connections?
Coming from the leader of criminals! There is a prison cell with your name on it.
not enforcing the law is not a good quality for an AG, but you obviously did the same thing
she was insubordinate! She does not have USA safety first and foremost! Like obama Admin!
With your legacy of Fast & Furious and Mark Ridge pardon, you proved U have no integrity, Sir #GunRunningtoDrugCartels #Pay4Play
Ignore the nazis we will defeat them! #TheResistance
@cavegirljones Trump believes he's still on the Apprentice. Play by my rules, right or wrong or you're fired! #MuslimBan
Why would we except YOUR word on ANY person being acceptable in this government?
is a political #hack endorsing the actions of another political hack.  #DTS #MAGA3X
Eric the black panther coddler. Dropping charges AFTER they were convicted of voter intimidation.
bull shit
we are so glad your opinion doesn't count for shit anymore
Eric who? Oh. Gun runner Eric. Facilitator of putting guns into drug cartels hands, so they can kill dozens, if not more.
Well hell. If you're defending her then she really must be terrible.
