nothing this loser does adds up.
Rong he is the best
covfefe.
Covfefe literally means "fuck the planet"
HE won't be around long enough to see the consequences of his actions so he doesn't care
No he will 8 years my friand
I don't believe he is healthy enough to last the first term.
Trust me he is he will get the us wer it needs to be
Does 45 know how to do addition just asking.
Of course not, he's an idiot!
$20 trillion in debt?
@chriscmooney real reason: Europe didn't kiss his stinking ass.
President Trump is protecting Americans and I stand with him
His reasons can be summed up in one word...OBAMA.
This Bannon's agenda, 100‰. Anything to wipe out Obama's legacy.
I hope he will what is it to wipe he did not do anything
Comrade, your English needs work.
Ok you got the point ya
Its partisan politics in the US. The right have been trying to wipe out Obama from day one. Even voting against their own ideas to block him
No Obama was a bad president from day 1
56 percent I.e majority did not think so.
Just shows all of Obama's accomplishments; #45 just can't compete with Obama.
WP is a Lunatic Left fake news media. There's no good reason to be in that Paris "Balle"!
You mean 2and3 ain't 4 no more?!
Well it adds up if you count the money contributed by oil and gas companies to the Republican party
Trillions of dollars spent by us for a 100 year temp change within the margin of error-and the biggest polluters get to opt out. #Math
Trump and his Republicans are truely selfish and irresponsible.Thay are distroying this country.Shame on the Republican leaders in congress
Why should we comply?  China is exempt until 2030 and India gets subsidized.  Fossil fuels are 95% of energy.
535 new coal power plants will be built in China.  What a deal---for China
In other words you aren't any better at math than you are at reporting news, not surprising.
Trump is an idiot!
He is mentally ill.  It drives me nuts that the press acts like he's a normal person.
It's just part of him getting even with Obama...  Remember: White House Correspondents' Dinner..  trumpie didn't forget...
President Bannon announces @realDonaldTrump as WH communications director. Donnie has the ability to communicate my ideas said Bannon
#TrumpDisaster #VoteThemOut
The accord is not the story. It's that leaving further weakens trust in US which is what Putin wants. Trumps whole campaign directed by Put
Todler in a man's world
Wapo, I think I'll x you off my news feed bc your readers are morons.
Of course they don't add up to Liberal Propagandists.  The truth is the Paris Agreement is a U.S. job killer & raises U.S. energy prices 20%
This is just about payback. Payback because Trump was embarrassed by the president at the correspondents dinner.
Taxpayer money going to other countries- that doesn't add up!!
There's no thought process to follow. Nothing of substance goes into his mans decisions. Such a disgrace to our country.
He is brave in the face of ridicule,doing what he knows is right for the country. BO went @our laws to do this treaty + it was for money!!
The investigation.
#FAKENEWS
Trump got what he wanted. The discussion turned from his and his family treason with russia to climate.  Don't be fooled it's a distraction
Basis of Trump climate decision - SIMPLE, the LAUGHTER he references. Wrd. Ldrs. LAUGHED @ him while abroad. So, as a 3rd grader he responds
They add up perfectly to me.
He doesn't have any idea of what it is about. Only understands Obama signed it and therefore I must undo it, his only 
He doesn't know, doesn't care and doesn't want to understand.  His decisions r only based on his desire 2 undo all Obama did.
I don't think he's smart enough to understand it!
It's all about money and distracting from Russia story.
It's s personnel action against Obama's programs. Reverse all Obama. Isolationist are never successful
It was a bad deal costing to much USA money. Please, tell the true story.
No shit it's about racism and religion
I'm sure at some point he will blame the withdrawal on the agreement on HRC, "the emails", FBI and Fake News
Lies never add up
Trump gives Putin what Putin wants..... Putin wants a wedge driven between USA and our Allies. Putin wants an isolated USA.
Probably because the real reasons include undoing Obama's legacy and spiting liberals.
You people are idiots its the Russians its the Russians. We are citizens of the world, what the he'll is that. I'm an American and
Is this President secretly a Russian plant or am I just watching "The Americans" too much?
Let's be Real. Trump is a Vindictive Bigot. This isn't about Paris Agreement This is anything anti OBAMA. THIS REPUBLICAN is Ashamed of GOP.
Nothing @realDonaldTrump says makes sense. He is void of intellect. Add an even larger dose of immorality, and you've got urself a monster.
Analysis: When will the WaPo op/ed staff going to have their collective heads removed from their posteriors?
Stop trying to find other reasons then the fact that @realDonaldTrump's controlled by #Russia to explain this decision!Call a spade a spade!
@POTUS is payed by #Russia and #Saudi so it does make sense.They depend on the US as an oil client,their whole economy's obsolete otherwise
You 1st have to be able to do addition in a "non common core" way to understand #Trump reasoning.@TonyPhyrillas @POTUS
Geez, they're not meant to add up, only to state. And only to make his minions think he's fulfilling promises. Which, on the surface, he is.
Yes it does dismantle anything Obama name on pure discuss is heart felt reason
.
@POTUS 45 has "ONE" major mojo ... that's stealt & underthe radar; 

'To extinguish the legacy of @BarackObama from US history books.'
.
.
Coz according to @POTUS 45 ... 

@POTUS44 should have NEVER happened in white-America!

Recall the Obama birth certificate saga?!
.
Yes they do. He is just undoing the Obama presidency. No matter the cost
To you ,WP because there is no love for our Country by the media. Reda the ?AGREEMENT" if you can!
Trump habitually makes false statements, actually fat checked for 416 lies in 100 days, yet no formal statement of disapproval from congress
They never do and yet people still blindly follow him even if it hurts them, it just doesn't make any sense.
That's because his real reason is he believes climate change is a hoax!  He refuses to own up to his real beliefs.
Your reason for calling yourself the press just dont add up.
I'm wondering if this middle finger 2 @BarackObama was as impt as the 1 @realDonaldTrump sent 2 our allies & anyone who won't defer to him!
What do you expect from a man that invent fake facts all the time. He keeps lying and the cult followers gobbling it up. Very sad.
History will portray a vindictive, petty @realDonaldTrump attacking & FAILING to dismantle every @BarackObama policy while USA stopped him.
Nothing this moron does adds up. You know what does that up? Everything adds up that he's in Putin's pocket and probably his bed.
WP you couldn't add anything up if you wanted to because of such ignorance !
His reasoning is perfect!  Good to have a real CEO in the WH!
Watch the Post twist this!
Since when has any of his reasoning added up. He wanted to destroy the word & it looks like he's succeeding for GOP's.
Another drastic attempt to take the focus off of his Russian investigation and failing administration. Bigly sad!
Whatever! He doesn't need WaPo approval. When was last time you reported a true story anyway.
It's all about who's paying his bills.
Neither does your Fake News
Nothing he does or suggests, or puts in EO's makes any sense.
Trump don't add up.
#Liberal Tears are causing the Ocean to rise as we speak! 
Sure it does. Another Obama policy. They are systematically trying to erase the fact that a black man was ever POTUS.
No. Erasing the damage bo did with his illegal eo's.
I'm just glad there's only 3 years and 6 months left for this bull shit apprentice game
Just how it didn't add up when he fired Comey
You got that right. Some how withdrawal related to Russia. I'd be willing to bet. Trump you not fooling us.
Until this moment NOBODY has a clear idea what determines climate change. But we still believe that we can change it.
It adds up if we realize he is again trying to divert from #TrumpRussia
Nothing that trump does adds up
The only reason trump withdrew is to reverse what President Obama has accomplished.  He's INSANE.
@chriscmooney fake news
Obviously no math majors at WP who can add?
BECAUSE HE IS THE BIGGEST FOOL AMERICA HAS EVER SEEN!!!! LOCK HIS ORANGE AS*UP!  #impeachTrump
Neither does the reason he's President.
Fred Trump should have pulled out in time before making the disaster of reproducing this Lunatic cheeto !
Trump is a disgrace to our nation!
Because he couldn't make a profit from signing it.
Seriously, everything Trump does is aimed at undoing everything Obama did. Next is making campaign signs out of every tree Obama planted.
It's because he and is team don't know REAL FACTS! And what is with all this flowery #Trumplove everyday. "Trump is smart and blah, blah"
Does anything that fraud ever does add up?
Nothing Trump says or does adds up. He's not a real president. He's been cast as "the president" in a production directed by Putin.
He's actually one of the finest presidents of all time. He has courage against a corrupt system a + fights 4U even tho u don't deserve it.

@chriscmooney Wow shock! America is sleepwalking into oblivion. #WakeUpAmerica
That is because the wrong Trump is making the decisions. Ivanka clearly is the brains of the empire. Trump is the face. Trump is an idiot
Nothing that Trump does....adds up' except total devotion to Putin!
If this was done to spite Obama... talk about cutting ones nose..
Trump is just not very bright
When has anything he did add up?
The reason is the WP cannot add!
There's nothing to analyze when it comes to Trump's brain. It's full of shit
This is why we can't have nice things
Shocking
Trump math = bankrupt ideas
Only because it has Obama's name. Anything Obama,Trump wants to eliminate. Wants only Trump name on things. Plus he's a puppet to Bannon.
So wrong, u r
When did he ever make sense?
Ruled by insanity.
Trump's reason for leaving Paris Agreement is part of Putin's GAME PLAN to DISRUPT & DISMANTLE!
I'm beginning to think it's worse then that - is Trump a Russian plant?
I believe Trump wants so desperately to build in Russia that he has agreed to do whatever they want in order to gain his prize!
Fave faces are no fun fun faces will hurt someone
Of you think they don't. Anyone with a sliver of grey matter understands why we left this horrible agreement.
They don't add up??  Maybe the one's doing the adding come from the same place your "unnamed sources" come from...YOUR IMAGINATION!!!!!!!
Nothing this fucker does or says adds up!
Because he can't add.
. BECAUSE HE'S CRAZY AND A FRAUD AND A MORON And a HYPOCRITE
Nothing adds up with him he is stupid that's why Bannon is the president and him (Trump) his apprentice
To oppose hysteria is never wrong. The future is not knowable as the past is. #MassHysteria
O wapo more of your bs analysis
Trump logic...his opposition a ploy to satisfy campaign promise using faulty arguments,i.e. jobs & costs...real details irrelevant.
1.  Trump tapped in to racist hate for Obama.  His campaign was filled with destruction of anything Obama.  This was on the list.
2.   He needs to continue playing to his racists-haters.  2020 is always on his mind.
Such comments coming from somebody advocating abolishing a part of the Constitution. I disagree with bad policies therefore I'm "racist"?
Nothing says are does , doesn't add up!
Of course not he has money in oil specifically Dakota pipe line so why would he want renewable energy plus they are big donors and darkmoney
Everyone with a brain knows he pulled out of it because he wants to wreck Obama's legacy. He just can't stand the fact that Obama is better.
Shows what a dummy drumpf really is
I knew you flunked math
Well he has done better business deals than you WashPoo - so maybe you just don't get it!
Don't break your head. This is the reason 
Fucking with our children's future out of spite. He will be dead and gone to care what happens next.
Just waiting for the 20 foot sea level rise Al Gore predicted was supposed to happen by now....
What a Disgraceful exhibition of Trump Rose Garden Reality TV show! SAD, SAD POTUS
REAL NEWS: President Trump continues to be the most Clueless President of Allllll Timeeee.
I'll bet this idiot gets another $10 B from Oil and Coal CEOs!!
#TrumpCare, #TrumpBudget, #Trumponomics  Trump on #NATO, Trump on #parisclimateagreement, Trump anything doesn't add up!
it appears that Trump's cognitive abilities are notably declining. Malignant narcissism coupled with dementia is not presidential.
It was a cheap card trick to make his base feel like they are winning.   He'll continue to lose the ones with brains, but the rest will stay
His base enjoys seeing other people angry and unhappy- they don't understand it is they who will be hurt the most
The jerk CAN'T add!
It's simple covfefe - Saudis and Russians will reap yuge rewards - Don's interests there are bigly!
Well said....I think
Really? Who would have thought that? 
Nothing else he does, does, so?
For him to say he's ending it, but later he'll come up with something BETTER makes NO sense. Oh wait! He's obsessed with Obama.
because he is a puppet and he is also incompetent and an egomaniac and a SAD GROPER and unqualified and short-sighted. #MAGA
This Baffoon is the dumbest person ever to be president!
2+2=7 they add fine 
Surprised?  Talk to Native Americans about U. S. and agreements! It's just words - means nothing.
Shame his dad didn't do the same. Should have pulled it out on time.
He's destroying us. It's his MISSION and apparently someone's paying him to do so. @realDonaldTrump
All his steps move towards isolationism and fascism. It only appears aimless
Actually works towards paying our national debt off while making life better for the  and he cares about climate but it's a hoax anyway.
Of course not- acting out of ego, poor self-esteem, & lack is distorted & irrational. The need to win at all costs is counterproductive
Praise God, from whom all blessings flow;  Praise Him, all creatures here below; Praise Him above, ye heavenly host....(you add.)
Beccause you can't fu*king add 2+2 w/o a calulator. You're #WAPO, the leader in #FAKENEWS. Well, tied for 1st with @nytimes for #FAKENEWS.
The Emperors no clothes #realDonaldTrump has no thoughts, beyond Me & My Money. He hides the facts inside his tax & stone-walls the truth.
https://globalchange.mit.edu/publication/15806 … Simply does not add up. A smart move. Now spend billions here. Subsidize alt eng programs is US.
The truth about @realDonaldTrump is hidden in his taxes #realDonaldTrump is indebted to comrade Putin
Thank God for leaders like Jerry Brown who set example for others re climate change
Climate change hoax.
They will add up in his bank account and in the rich bank accounts
Nothing ever adds up with this crazy nut job!!
What about Cheeto Mussolini does?
When you hear real news you understand Trump's base. Trump is believable when U have no other news to compare it too. It's fake when you do
The term "train wreck" is soon to be co-opted by "Trump." His actions prior to today have been shameful, this is catastrophic.
If green energy is so important. Let's develop here and sell it. US is going to develop the superior product
 Sell to world
Go Trump!!
Maybe not to you communists, but to us YIPPEEE!!!!
Literally NOTHING he says adds up to more than a large pile of s__t
He deserves to be put in Carbonite
Obama let's make 3rd world richer and use American $ to do it. They then can improves ways to kill us.
Right. scale is tilted severely in the favor of China and India. Not the workers of USA now problem that USA has been Econom bigger longer
Did you really think he'd have any good reasons? C'mon, he didn't like that allies wouldn't bend to him. This is his way of "getting back".
Even Trump's math is bad
History will not be kind to Trump administration. Believe me
It's hard to give reasons for denial when you don't read the document.
the post is all over the place. You should Support our great president @realDonaldTrump today he acted as a Union Leader! You like unions.
no they don't. This is about destruction or as Bannon calls it deconstruction.
FAKE NEWS
HE TOLD YOU!! Stop the faux outrage!!!!
@gianforte NOT  a "mistake".  You're an unhinged LOSER.
