Same for you Bobby,  stay well. We love you more than words can tell.
As you did, Bob! Mexicali Blues forever!
Tom held his audience in the palm of his hand. So damn good. Wish I’d seen you guys play together.
Wonderful Cat!
Perfectly expressed. 
Love it.
The quote made me cry. It's so spot on.
Yes, he was.
Best eulogy I've heard about Tom, we'll put
@Lukas Nelson & POTR
Thank you for the nod to Tom at HSBG.  Also Thank you for a stupendous set!
Good good  and good  enough
I'm a child of the 60's, but I didn't learn the value of the Dead until 1999. I didn't know what I was missing in life. #betterlatethannever
@AriBlitz
Well said, Bobby. @tompetty and his music were soothing, healing, uplifting. Much like the @GratefulDead, TP&THB had the power to transform.
Memories.  Saw this same tour but in LA!  @L4LM
Yes. Mine was DC.
Perfectly said Bob!
@BobWeir beautifully said - he was no doubt magical
Thanks Bobby
A lot like Jerry
Strange enough, I actually met him @ GD show He's dressed like any normal Deadhead wearing gauze shorts his entourage was pulling him away.
Love
Hear hear
Last night talking bout last night
Well said Bob
#Runnindownadream
Already missed greatly 
His job was to shed light not to master!!
Words cannot describe the devastation I feel from his loss, only Jerry and John Lennon affected me as much
Yep I said the exact same thing to some friends today. Hearing his songs today depressed me, but only because it was a reminder he's gone.

#100MenOnMars
i'll never forget Y'all on December 4, 1988, What A Show!!!
Rich stadium all I really remember is being there 
All I really remember from last night is breakdown, cassady + pkg ticket by supernumerary
#bobweir #tompetty @ http://www.oddtoes.com 
I loved him last year with Mudcrutch. A very giving, sweet responsive group like Dead&Co. I am forever grateful to see both 6th row.
Exactly-thanks to our storytellers for keeping it real. Saw TP&HBs on 12/30/78, and you and the Blues Bros on 12/31. So many great stories!
Missed
Beautifully said - thanks Bob.
Yes
Eddie waited till he finished high school.
Fare thee well, TP. May the four winds blow you safely home. 
That was well said! Thank you
Well said.
Heartbroken to hear, will miss him
I just listened again to Tom Petty sing Friend of a Devil Live   & he made that song his own - what an amazing musician!
素晴らしい( ´ ▽ ` )ﾉ
I love story tellers.  They are an important part of every culture.  RIP Tom Petty.
Best tribute I've read well said.
My daughter upon hearing Last Dance with Mary Jane "can we go see him? Two days ago the answer was yes. 
A sad day
Well said Bobby. The world has lost a great entertainer. Rip @tompetty
It's time to move on, time to get going
What lies ahead, I have no way of knowing

Keep on moving brother, hopefully we’re all moving there
It's good to be king and have your own world
It helps to make friends, it's good to meet girls
A sweet little queen who can't run away
It'ss funny, but seeing him in concert, I thought he was who you might have become w/out the Dead, the lead guitarist frontman. Love u both.

Great words Bob!!! From one Icon to another #riptompetty
Soundtrack of our lives
When I was very little, I'd watch MTV on sat with my grandma. His videos were my fav. Especially "don't come around here". Amazing soul
Will always remember my first concert was seeing Petty at @Summerfest with @HeLikesHerKinda and @geoffculp in '02. What an amazing storyteller. #RIPTomPetty
Well said, Bobby!
<3 xx
So sad to lose another muscal legend. His music will live forever

<3  Well said, dude who looks exactly like me
Breakdown........ It's alright  it's alright it's.     Alright
Well done Bob!
@inherentslice
A rock musician's rock musician...
Such a tragic year for Rock this has been. Now, my favorite, fellow Florida native is gone. Sad beyond belief. #RIPTomPetty
Beautiful...
@merlonews
Well said.
A most fitting tribute.
Never gave a bad performance. A guaranteed good time.
Did you ever have the chance to play w/ him? If so, would you please share your experience?
Another piece of my heart in heaven. 
Well said!
From one raconteur to another...well stated.
It surely looks like rain
  
Gone to soon
You take care now Bob. We don't want to lose any more of you.
Wilburys forever!!!  and some wildflowers. ROCK ON Bob and thanks for your wonderful thoughts!
Thank you Bobby. Stay healthy because we love  you too!
He kept rock & rock pure. Didn't sell out. In interviews he seemed a guy everyone could enjoy being friends with.
I'll miss the man.
Be well Bob.
When #GratefulDead Legend,Says This..
It Speaks,Volumes.
#TomPetty Was #Dylan Of,Our Youth.
#Majestic Songwriter.
#Pristine Soul.
RIP.
So true. Well said.
That little girl you used to know
She don't come around no more.
She ain't there to watch the door
She don't want to die in no liquor store
We know for sure that his songs will play on forever. His legacy lives on reels of tape, 1s and 0s
Sound City, Man... :)
Wonderfully written, Bob. A great tribute to another legend...

You songwriters do more than tell stories, you write the soundtrack too, keep on keeping on
Did you ever play with Tom
What a beautiful tribute!
