Couldn't get matching uniforms back then? #sad
Back then they needed name tags to identify party. That was before dems evolved and grew tails 
That's a neat picture.
Sartorial splendor aside, pretty normal group.
Sir could you further expand on issues of the day,as well as  majority party, President that year? #Bexchlossruleshistory
Also nearly 100 years ago, 59% of Dems voted to give women the right to vote. (91% of GOP voted for it).  #CillizzaCNN on the #WSOH
Alex Jones reports Scalise will retire leaving another seat open to Democrats
Notice the marine second from the right?
Yes. He seems to be on the Republican's team. Is there more to the story?
I don't think so.
I really like the idea of dividing the teams up by East vs. West rather than Dems vs. GOP. We have enough unnecessary divisions.
That's what I was thinking too, Megan! Dems/Rs from West versus Dems/Rs from East. Great idea for next year, maybe? 
Why does the man on the left of Big Hat have such a small head?
I love vintage photos!
So sad we've come to deadly violence on a baseball field due to extremists. :(
True. Sad this deadly violence has already occurred though. Lest we forget Dem Gabby Giffords was shot and 6 others killed by an extremist.
Love this pic and the  hat is wonderful
Visitor from Mars who saw this photo & read the Declaration Of Independence asked: White men only? #AllWhliteSlaveOwnersMenWereCreatedEqual?
I want the top hat. 

I want it. 

I want it now.
NO MINORITIES BACK THEN.....BUT TODAY THERE WAS ONE
I want that "mad hatter" hat
Is that a young George Soros in the middle?

Oh wow! How did you get this picture, Michael? Do you have a time machine?
Love it.
I recognise some of those from last nights game.. #TermLimits
Some of them are probably still in Congress. 
#TermLimits
I'd really enjoy cleaning out your attic.
Did Jim Bunning ever play in the Congressional Baseball Game?
This republican will just wear a bullseye
That is a fantastic hat
What our politics is missing is top hats. For sure.
I wish people still dressed like that
If Congress made the same salary now as they did then, theyd probably get more done..
@DanaPerino
Not much more "American" than baseball...except for maybe Mass Shootings.
Is that a young Al Gore to the left of the gentleman in the top hat?
Frank Underwood second in the right
Love the fact that one guy will only identify himself with the @USMC !
Very cool photo!
They all had a gun!
Wow.  A great picture.  Thanks for posting.
What position did Orrin Hatch play in that game?
Al Gore is a time traveler, Al Gore is a time traveler!!!!
Cool photo! I love the Marine!
The game was invented by drunks for gamblers with time on their hands. T or F ?
Mitch Mc Connell in the middle?
Nice Mike.
You find the most interesting & relevant photos & commentary. Thank you.
Keep game going,the American Way, Have independent umpires,so the game will be played fairly.   Who will throw out 1st Pitch?
@BeschlossDC The Dem 2 our Left of Center is @algore 's doppelgänger. Is he Related, Photoshopped, or a Coincidence?  Enjoy u on @maddow
I didn't even know there was a congressional baseball game until today
Great photo, innit?
The Republicans somehow have gotten whiter (?)
Who got the party affiliation uniform tag deal? Who is the dude in the big hat? That's hilarious.  @UniWatch
hey sir...you know everyone...could someone post who the fundraiser supports this year..and how we could contribute?
Where is the @FiveThirtyEight analysis of who is going to win?
Mike, On Pocumtuck Ridge, that hat belongs to you!
Did liberals shoot conservatives so they could win that year, too?
#whitesonly
I love what you do
@AlexVMN alex:)
who won
A crying shame what happened today. The democrats and mainstream media are direct influence of this hate resistance ideology!
Who's the marine?
Did anyone get shot in that game because someone didn't like the president
Let's give the reasonable, respectful, calm politicians from both parties the megaphone and ignore the inciters! No more bloodshed!
@MonicaCrowley that's odd. Almost none of them have gunshot wounds. Oh that's right. The #Resistance hadn't formed yet
Who's the man in the top hat?
these guys don't look like money grubbing dirtbags who care more about fossil fuels than clean air or tax cuts for rich more than healthcare
Nudes--- There were visible clouds of soot that could be seen for hundreds of miles over every big city then.
It is awesome that this game has endured. I wish I could be at that game tomorrow night!
Take me out to the ball game...thank you sir!
Is that @NancyPelosi in the back?  I knew she was old but.... #MAGA
!00 yrs? I knew some of these guys were in Congress way too long.
Best tweet of the day
Thank you for this timely posting! 
Give me the good old days anytime so over the left bs
Back in the day when we used to wear cool hats. Not guns. Good times good times
Um....WWI, Suffrage, Influenza, Gas attacks, Jim Crow? I guess so.
@ry_dress
A fine tradition. #FlagDay
#PLAYBALL
my how times have changed!
They are so cute, thank you
as historian,  you deserve the top hat!
@VP Is that possibly Your great GrandFather in the Middle with The "HAT"??
A different era altogether!
Good find, they should bring back top hats.

