Only the most ignorant of American voters will believe this crap . . . at least I hope that's the case.
You are correct. The problem is that the "most ignorant voters" group includes millions.
Unfortunately so. 
So he assumes if you have brown skin you're illegal?
Fox and Breitbart, et al., also pushed this crap.  Repetition is a powerful persuader.
In states that do not require proof/verification of ID they can have fraudulent votes. It's happened in every election.
Sin ID no votas allá así de sencillo. No le veo el problema a que acá pueda ser igual. Eso si no me cabe en la cabeza jeje
Exacto! Por esa razón siempre hay fraude de votantes. No entiendo porque no todo mundo acepta que si ocurre.
Yo tampoco la verdad si me sorprendió cuando fui a votar, es por el bien de todos, republicans or democrats Así se evita fraude!
YES! Abe! 
Sounds like Evan McMuffin supports open borders. Making any money from illegals or "refugees" ? I support America.
America is from Canada to Brazil and Chile... You sure about what you defend?
Trump deeply involved in Russian active measures every day long with his co-dependent Fox TV.
Which is actually a story on the CA DMV! They are a bunch of #DumbFux for eating this up!
Didn't you get the memo? You all are suoposed to stop talking about Russia.
These guys look very Native AMERICAN to me. Are you sure THEY are the "illigals?"

1/4  I won't be surprised if Trump's election win is discovered to be a fraud.
Oh the irony...
A ridiculous "non issue" suddenly becomes a big issue
The signs are as credible as your assertion that Russia paid for the ad; except revelations of ACORN'S activities make the signs believable.
But really. Who falls for that bullocks save for those in trumpfanistan? Not enough of them is how we know altered tallies as well.
People seem to be so willing to believe something they can be outraged at, no matter how ridiculous.
Adding this for balance.
I appreciate your continued engagement, @Evan_McMullin. Please continue to stay involved in national politics.
I recall an extensive number of conservative media articles saying that democrats planned to have illegals vote. The right is so brainwashed
Oh the Facebook wars I had to wage with relatives over ads like these...
It does explain why Trump supporters behave the way they do.
Yeah only a gullible and naive liberal believes this professional liar.
Brown people voting...must be illegal...
How does this misinformation get stopped?  It has and continues to cause the U.S. big problems, i.e., dividing people - a Putin goal.
What utter horseshit
During election racists used fake AA profiles & were caught out
Lots of "Latino" accts w terrible Spanish, very pro T with racist pics
Reminder - Trump for weeks leading up to the election was telling his supporters the election was " rigged"
The reason probably was that he was rigging it himself. How else would he know?
All you're doing is proving the CIA is running this Russian hoax. Engineer  public demand for the predetermined outcome of a new cold war.
Most illegals won't even go to a DR when ill because they are afraid of getting caught&they would go thru all the verification to vote???
@gop these need to stop now, they arw poisoning people!
She Lost Because of That FBI Idiot Comey + Her Close Aide Huma Abedein With Sensitive And Classified E-Mails On Her Husband PC + Child Porn
I get your point but you should put this out so that the meme is small & your real message is large.
Obviously a tactically coordinated slander campaign from Trump, Russia, and Fox News ... now, what is anyone going to do about it!
RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA what an IDIOT
McMuffin strikes again, high calorie, low nutrition.
At least no language errors. Progress. Must have hired a native - but obviously no one related to @realDonaldTrump. None of them can spell.
Outrageous fake ad. Only fools would believe this bs.
Stuff like this makes my blood boil. Russia used hateful and ignorant propaganda to sway enough of our electorate to vote for Trump
The worst part is that people believed this nonsense.
Looks like an ad the GOP would run.

Guy is not voting; he's at CA DMV getting an ID.  But that would require critical thinking skills to fig that out and...
We are way past this, but you keep trying to make a name for yourself
Seriously?
Russian propagandists are also big on promoting secession & have been targeting Californians on social media (fb) since Nov 8 coup d'état
you're just pissed that a man you think is stupid beat not only you but all those experienced politicians
I always wondered about Acorn.
Propaganda. They are expert at it.
Help put Trump/Pence & family in WH. Putin made Trump/Pence & family an offer they could not refuse!
Thank you for finding & presenting these. We need to see the fraud they built & how they deceived people.
Does free speech include bald-faced lies? Isn't inciting division and fear the civic equivalent of shouting "Fire!" In a crowded theater?
where is the millions number coming from?  it is so outrageous to ever believe that!
IMO - you posting this ad as a full pic on twitter is the same mistake MSM did- giving trump millions in free advertising .
Man that is so reprehensible,  racist, ignorant.
Just gonna throw this in...  #TrumpRussia
This is funny. They point out how many illegals voted in 2008 and not 2016. If it were true then Trump shouldn't be president 
Trump is Putins puppet and his family. Trumpcrimefamily  RICO
Uh oh.  His skin is brown. Probably a terrorist, too, and no connection to aunts, uncles, siblings, any other family members already in U.S.
Russia is a better student of our history than most Americans... "divided we fall".
LOL who believes this is Russian? 
It is a Trump supporter and you are ignorant to put this on Russia
This in addition to the alleged 3 million "bussed" into districts to vote illegally, that's a lot of people that never got caught - A LOT
The only fake is YOU. Remember Obummer invited illegals to vote? Post is good. Hit the fake Russian narrative + racism at same time. Cudos
No need russians . Your gop and alt right do it very well
Your "evidence" this is a Russian ad is simply that it reads like something TRUMP would approve of?  Doesn't take much to impress your camp
What a bunch of bullshit, more lies from Trump.
This is indistinguishable from a normal GOP talking point.
https://twitter.com/AmirAminiMD/status/906468302930825217 …
The way they use the screen-shot from KTLA5, almost makes it look legitimate for that reason... is this where Trump gets his info...
More like this is who Trump pays big bucks to disseminate his hateful disinformation
Right, I've been saying... as the WH press corps & rest of us just get the runaround from SS/SHS... Trump team is more active on RW media...
Sinclair Media worse than Fox & is buying up all US airwaves.  We're about to end up with nothing but State propaganda TV for the dictator
I know... it makes me so sick I can barely let myself think about it... w/all the crap going on, that's among the most reprehensible...
Yes it is
And lets not downplay the racism of this "ad".
They use the same play book.  Do you think they discussed tactics?
That 'like if you agree' takes the cake 
what kind of an idiot believed something like that.  an
This is so obviously fraudulent!
What a lie!
#resist
@emlas @ushadrons @counterchekist @dark_wisdom_ @ninaandtito @JamesFourM look at this ad example.  I didn't notice this before.  /1
They had ppl a/b test them.  If they didn't know it before, they now knew what users hot button issues were.  Now can send 100s more /2
Of same for desired results.  They had some serious marketing/advertising and fb expertise on executing all this stuff /3
Can get results in almost real time and react accordingly.  Especially if had more follow up ads, etc.  gets more nefarious every day.
Holy crap.  Didn't notice before. They got ppl  to like or not like their fake adds.  Now they knew what other ads to show same ppl.
Yes, they were creating new actionable metadata and metrics to use in real time to decide next ad to show or just even move on.
Of you aren't a Native American then you Sir also are a descendant of a illegal immigrant also so should you also get the right to vote?
/trump/Russian Collusion
This is such fear mongering crap.
Exactly:one theme!!!!!1!
If he ever retweeted any of these Russian ad's would it be coordination?
Couldn't this just be the tea party wackos? They're still around.
Up to 62,827,833 Americans may have voted for a Russian collaborator.
Only an idiot would believe this crap!
It sound like Trump, alright.
And yet over and over people fell for this diatribe
Wow!!
we have to get rid of trump just to stop this invasion
People really believed this shit?
This is bullshit. WTF is wrong with some people? We can't even get citizens to vote in large numbers. Why TF would any1 believe this? Gawd!
No need for any actual proof, they just believe
This is scary!! Thank you for keeping us informed Mr McMullin.
Here are more examples from a now-defunct Russian propaganda site. https://twitter.com/OpWolverines/status/906290291996372992 …
Featuring KTLA, soon to be a Sinclair property
What makes u sure it's Russian? I see tons of Macedonian/fake stuff on FB btw but curious why you said it's Russian.
Researching middle-eastern FB accounts that have been hacked & turned into pro-Trump propaganda accounts. 
probably b/c FB just turned over the ads from RUSSIA to MUELLER!!!
Have seen these gems recently as in-app ads.
OMG and they believed this btw!
How come Russian government ads align themselves more with the American public than the US government ads do?  
Doesn't matter Republicans aren't about truth or facts just principles & ideology They'd get wet if umbrellas are against their beliefs #sad
Flat out lies.
If they're all as simple minded as that, Trump's voters are horrendously susceptible.
Up to 1 real president MAY have been voted in, in the 2016 election.  Sadly, that's not true, either.
I've heard intelligent people repeat this exact same thing. How do we fix it?
What a stellar example he sets for a country in need of unity.
Believe it's FAKE NEWS like this that DJT uses as actual info. These false stats are what he tweets & talks about - asserting they're real
And why are you re-airing Russian ads?  Getting a Ruskie kickback?    
My favorite part of this ad is how the "Secured Borders" logo has huge gaps in its borders. Is that where the wall is going to be?
And, of course, you have no proof it's a Russian ad any more than you have proof of any Russian collusion beyond Hillary's...
How many illegal alien votes were cast in 2016?
We've been had.
Create fake news, call it fake news, use the fake news. Its a win, win, win, .... until Mueller comes along.
STOP PUTTING THIS UP ON TWITTER!!!.

1. How were 400 tweets and memes created in advance of debates and press releases? Trump used preprepared sound bites using RU Intel.
https://twitter.com/kelly2277/status/906246373632290816 …
Seriously?

Stop tweeting this shit
Note also that these faces look Mexican. 
one day tech geek Lib 
friend spreads crazed tales he would have
scoffed at year before
especially since that photo is to get a drivers license not vote. and CA laws are pretty stringent to get one. Ad targets ignorant / idiots
Wow I didn't even notice. The propaganda game is strong. Sadly the stupid is strong with ignorants.
anyone from LA who's been in a fully packed DMV instantly gets a twitch. we're pretty allergic to that experience. (they've gotten better)
I bet! Nobody likes the DMV here either but at least they're not always packed. An advantage of living in Oklahoma I guess. 
I guess that makes up for tornadoes  .. kinda , still don't miss the heat though - Ft. Sill in summer is brutal!
No doubt. That said, it's been one of the coolest/wettest summers ever. Crazy for August when we're normally melting. Lol
Keep up the good work. Also, Kevin, I just realized where I recognize your name from. I read your book! Good stuff.
dude this type of meme crap is all over all my RW friends FB wall... this one is mild compared to others I've seen
Do you think it impossible that illegal aliens vote in U.S. elections ?
So the Kremlin wants to undermine US citizens faith in our election process. So does Trump with his talk of "rigged" elections. Go figure.
Years of defunding and discrediting public education, lack of media literacy, cynical use of divisive politics for short term political gain
Public Ed emphasis is on Rote Memorization. Needs to be on Logic. Statistics. History. China teaches 100s of Dynasties, we Must teach more.
I literally never seen even one of these "Russian ads" u keep posting.
I totally remember seeing this or similar adds on facebook last year, absolutely insane how many people bought into this bs.
Fake?

jeeze guys I can't "like" cause it isn't true. But it is Unacceptable! Russian bots just get bottier by the moment!
yep these are the ads that convince otherwise smart people to vote for the orange baboon
From Russia, with Love.
And just so people know, the right has been taking pictures off of paid image sites. Frankly, there's no proof that this person is illegal.
Great job on the effort to expose this, Evan.  Thanks!
note the effective word "MAY"  English is the language America First advocates support right? Who takes this as fact? Clearly #JustAnAd
Russia placed ads on both sides. They didn't favor Trump. They favored Polarity. Which you have fallen victim to.
notice how they *NEVER* depict a white illegal immigrant. I see more illegal Polish immigrants causing trouble in my area than anyone else.
If they mean there may have been 5.9 millions phony Russian votes in the system, that's plausible.
No just 80,000 split between MI , WC , OH, and PA
No those were Stein and Sanders fault.
My wife is a permanent resident and CAN NOT vote...this is for Trumptards that believe in the tooth fairy!
Plays on theme that Gov & people working on elections intentionally don't follow laws. I used to oversee elections & resent implications.
Note also it's effectively indistinguishable from domestic rightwing propaganda.
It was our Republicans that steered the ex-Soviets into Putin's kleptocratic oligarchy.
It's our Republicans who support a government structured like an autocracy.
It's our Republicans that support tax structures that create oligarchy.
And it's our Republicans that embrace propaganda to generate white grievance from the anxieties that their policies create.
This runs deep. Time for folks to wake the fuck up and admit they've been had.
Where can we find more Russian paid ads?
What is that guy supposed to be holding? Looks like he's at the DMV, not a polling place.
Ha ha, you're right!  It distinctly says "DMV" at the top of the form.
How do you know it’s Russian? Source?
It could just be conservative fake news. These memes are all over FB!
Im still finding russian fraud accounts on my Facebook feed.
@ and of course it's a brown guy in the picture.
Wow, just wow.  Will anyone ever have to pay a price for this other than the American people?
There are an actual crapload of these:
Russian Ads
Yup
Hey! Great! It really is a head-scratcher how brain-dead Americans can be. Russians know how stupid & got big $s exploiting it.
And our President touts this...
'up to' means 'fewer than'
'may have' means 'we don't know if they did or didn't'
Problem lies with "media" illiteracy. Far too many people refuse to vet info but end up believing propaganda as gospel. Freakin terrifying.
Right but this is also @TuckerCarlson's m.o. It's almost as if dark forces of pri*ks are united
I do not think everyone had a full grasp of the extent of the interference prior to the election. Plus, I never got these in FB.
This is the 'you scratch our backs, we help you win election' deal Russians made with Trump(s).
So important that Americans see these and they are labeled for what they are: lies & propaganda by a foreign power
The word "collusion" seems accurate, right now. US needs a new election, not an impeachment, since too many trumpies were involved in this.
Thank you. Please keep sharing these...so many are familiar from several friends' feeds last year. They NEED TO KNOW they were tools.
Donald Trump, David Duke and RT all have parallel messages.
Just unreal!  Russians were very much into this campaign for Trump.  Anyone with a brain would know that illegals would be afraid to vote.
Blaming immigrants & poor is the std textbook straw man for manipulating the ignorant & hopeless. Trump's so called "base."
That confirms my theory that up to 18 million guys are jacking off on the job (well, at least I know of one who is.....) #FacebookRussia
Hey Vladimir Putin, Did you check with Donald Trump before ok'ing this ad?
And @facebook...  Let's not leave the Kremlin's social media advisers out of the equation.
This only happens because Americans refuse to educate themselves & be vigilant in the information they consume. Its our own fault I’m afraid
"may have"
"it appears"
Agreed. But repeat & spread a lie often enough, & many people will believe it. I've seen this sort of crap, & it disgusts me.
Can you throw a big red FAKE over that image? These things are dangerous.
Where does this appear?
Chillingly close to Trump rhetoric!
The social systems in US are so strained that namely education leaves millions ignorant - perfect fuel for #fakenews.
Trump colluded w a foreign country who was lying to Americans to throw an election. 

Impeach already:
I noticed a change on RT in early 2015. From interesting 'life in Russia' stories to obvious anti-USA propaganda.
I've been watching RT daily since long before that -- no such change. Also, it's not "anti-USA" -- here or in Russia -- to critique US govt.
Disgusting! Clear example of parallel messaging.
wow. that explains a lot.
Fake election fraud?  nice try spook
Are Russians promoting Trump's ideas or is Trump repeating lies Russians are feeding him? In any case they are in bed together #usefulidiot
So this is one of those ads. I agree w/Alex Kaufman below. 30% of country will again believe this. Take it down.
I still see a lot of "like if you agree" ads on FB. Don't like them.
Same bullshit the Bernie fanatics were also sharing all over FB. We have an epidemic in this country of far Left and Far Right white trash.
This should be removed.
Freedom of speech baby! And I've sold over 100 of these bad boys. Even wore mine on a #Delta flight last week. Trumptards lost their shit.
I didn't call you dick so don't call me baby. MPO is it's inappropriate here.  So leave it - I don't have to look at it.
What is MPO? And "freedom of speech baby" is a colloquialism - it's a generic phrase. It's not calling you "baby." Fyi, I am a dick, it's ok
My Personal Opinion. I get it.
TY, I'm stealing that. Learn something new every day.
The undoc. Mexican voter is a myth. There are very few willing to put their future citizenship or risk jail/deport. for any politician.
Racists gonna racist
Agreed. It was a mistake to post this.
or white nationalist Mercer...
is Russia collusion an important story for you ?
He's a phony and fraud. Like a degree from Trump University.
