I wonder how the stupid bitches that voted for him feel about him now.
same way they did before
Is this real? I am sorry I have to ask but this is too ridiculous and disgusting to be real! 
Welcome to trump era,I guess all decent Americans have to put up with it.
It's funny they talk about the vagina costumes like it's bad but this is what they do. Critical thinking is not this woman's forte 
It's real. It was at one of his campaign rallies in Cincinnati. Revolting.
It's very interesting to hear people on the right talk about how disgusting the left is, isn't it? 
And they clapped for that?
Um... ladies... why are you clapping?
Get him out! Every day I feel more violated by him. The darkness and evil he represents, sickens me. I want us to live in the light again.
If this is true why are the women in the pic applauding? Oh right didn't notice the NBC fake news sign in the corner
Because they are stupid.
This is 2017 right???
Nasty man wants us back in the 50's at home.
PLEASE.everyone seems to be missing that the only thing all these bills he has signed is for one reason only....hurt OBAMA..WHO PROTECTED US
trump REALLY didn't like a black man being president. Hence, his attempts to undo everything Obama did.
Kate, with all due respect, "didn't like" is a huge understatement....as is being played out now by his vengeful vindictive attempts to hurt
Funny thing is there was no democratic opposition to this order. If this order is completely true. Could be half a story.
why are women clapping

The women in this picture are willing to screw over their entire gender because they hate the black president more.
Women against there own F...self interest Priceless...wow.
For what sane reason would #Trump sign such an order? Why are the women clapping? Dehumanizing women one step at a time!
DISTRACTION from #trumprussia #RussiaGOP 
@GOP @Cabinet @VP @POTUS @USAGSessions INVITED RUSSIAN SPIES N2 2016 ELECTION. TREASON.
1of the reasons Y I did not vote for him! 1st hes never had respect 4women &2nd hes so jealous of anything Obama he'll he will destroysad
Were there workplace protections? I didn't notice.
3)FAKE CONTINUE>> Acquisition Regulation to implement Executive Order 13673 concerning contractor compliance with labor laws. >>>>4

Me everything I see a woman who voted for Trump
Women pay attention.  Trump is after women's rights again.  Get Republicans out of office.
Nice props
Of course he does.  IMPEACH!
Because of course.
And look at the two women clapping...morons.
What an incredibly sad photograph.
Led by that nut Congress Woman from Tenn(in blue)
Virginia Foxx is the congresswoman from North Carolina's 5th district.
NC..the State where human rights go too die..or is that SC? Or both?
No idea, I'm in Alabama. What are these human rights you speak of?
If you haven't see what's going on in those 2 states then I can't help you.
I was not being serious. Humor alluding to my state's propensity to be behind the times on civil rights. I know what NC did, awful.
It's all good Ms Brandon:-) Hope you have a great day!
Trump is making his platform by undoing everything Obama has established. As if hes trying to erase his legacy. How does this help the ppl?
You can see the cringe of the women behind him
Why are the women in the room there? I'd be humiliated. Further if I were there I'd attempt to pluck his eyeballs out
Female #GOP :  your handiwork
He's a jackass
I'm not understanding. They said educated women voted for him? How is this intelligence?
@nytimes Bien sûr he did Th wee Deviant did this behind closed doors minus his usual pomp n fanfare He doesn't like women or paying 4 labor
Two stupid ones there other see right men
How do you explain this @IvankaTrump?

Neither of you really gives a shit about anyone...would have more respect 4 you if you'd just say it!
This is a direct assault on women's rights.Sad that a known predator has the power to continue his assault on women through his policies
Is that photo for real ? Women applauding their second class citizenship ??
Thanks a lot!  Here's another lousy act to harm our country.  Why are we going back to dark ages? Who does this benefit,the pussy grabbers?
ALL THE WOMEN IN PENNSYLVANIA, FLORIDA, MICHIGAN, WISCONSIN AND IOWA THAT VOTED FOR THE FEARLESS LEADER ! 

YOU MUST BE SO PROUD !
Really what is the catch?
so these women are clapping?
And look at those stepford wives standing around him applauding.  
Not an issue for her! She is enjoying all the amenities that he's reversing. A shame.
Other than being the EO and reversal Potus, how about trying governing? Start with real significant comprehensive legislation for ppl and 
So he's no longer protecting:
The sick
The planet
Wildlife
Women

Buy he is protecting:
The wealthy 1%

#TrumpRussia #TumpCare
but wait #IvankaTrump says she supports equality for women.
@realDonaldTrump is rolling back women's rights for equality Thought @IvankaTrump was 2 advocate for women for u since u r so misogynistic
Ivanka is bragging how she is fighting for women's rights in the work place. They don't even know what the hell the other is doing. Sick...
Disgusting!
Thanks a lot, you despicable toad. I don't know why any woman supports you.
Where is the "advisor" daughter who always "makes me do the right thing"? She's not doing her job!!
Daughter-in-chief has no sway over daddy-dictator.
What can you expect from a pu$$y grabber?
I don't think it's as simple as that dummies!
45 just encouraged unequal pay and pussy grabbing in the workplace, and rewarded such despicable behavior with a promise of fed contracts.
The women in this picture have no brains, self worth or compassion for their fellow females,, they deserve to be in the same room as him
Hey white women Trump voters: This Bud's for you!
Do they actually know what they are applauding?
This man is a menace #TRUMP
set WOMEN back 100 YRS.. how can these bitches clap
Why are these stupid women applauding?
Are there women applauding? Beats me. American people have to bear the brunt of every action just because two parties do not like each other
My standard reply  but this is repulsive
@IvankaTrump Another case of using your influence with @realDonaldTrump to help women? Equal the impact of your climate work #EqualPayDay
http://www.marketwatch.com/story/obama-regulatory-order-on-federal-contracts-misfires-2016-10-25 … why is this left out of the story?
Remember these folks on Election Day. Maybe @IvankaTrump will understand #complicit #womensrights @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @NancyPelosi
.@NBCNews ¤ These Womens' Rights? I would say TRUMP grabbed them away...
Yup. Lotta white men in that room.
would Ivanka clap for this too
Look at his tiny desk!
Disgusting!!!!
Looks like #PresidentBannon wouldn't let Donny use the big boy's desk today.
Why are those women applauding. Get their names.
And his daughter was just tweeting about...
So tired of hearing from so many ppl that it doesn't affect me or you so why get upset about it you're kidding right!
That desk though. TFW SNL had it right.
Don't worry ladies. @IvankaTrump is dedicated to advancing women's rights, once she figures out what  complicit means.  God, so nauseating
this is what peroxide does to your brain woman Stop Supporting this Evil Man.
@IvankaTrump what do you say to this???????
the sad part is he is not rolling it back a few years but more like 10 years before Obama got in office
Unbelievable!!!!
@IvankaTrump Does your agenda support this action?
Nailed it, @IvankaTrump !
McCain again talks this time use of chemical weapons on civilians in the middle east.What can he do but talk DJT only likes uncaptured vets
Why are those two women clapping??
So Trump can apply for Government contracts and be himself at the same time..
C9nservative women are not paid less. Ask senator warren. She pays female staffers 20 percent less. Maybe it's just a leftist thing
smh to the women that voted for him and the dumb ones in the pic clapping for this foolery.
Where's Ivanka in this picture?
Why are women clapping
Makes you wonder why those women beside him are cheering him on ..... oh wait, they got theirs, to hell with everybody else #TrumpSwamp 
the "i've made a huge mistake" face runs rampant with this one..
One more reason to totally dislike you. I am amazed at the women standing next to you.
Front and center, ladies. And don't forget to smile and clap if you ever want to see your families again.
not surprised at all.
Are they just there as props or for real
Who are the three woman applauding @realDonaldTramp signing away their rights? They should be do ashamed.
Why would we be surprised you would not want women to be protected?  "I just grab them by the pu**y."
This is just sickening.  The Republicans think women need to be treated as they are in the Middle East.  How sick is that?
HOW did so many women vote for this man?....Very sad
he probably doesn't know what he's signing.  There have been times that he just walks out and forgets to sign. 
Trump & his pervert buddies at @FoxNews are celebrating this because they can grab women even more with this bill signed.
A dirty dog! smh
look at the old geezers sickening
@GOP hates women, immigrants, poor, disabled......Shorter version: @GOP loves rich old white men. That's it.
Trump said, "I want all you women in this photo, but PLEEEEEEEASE don't read the EO. Just clap and act happy."
The woman in blue is clapping but her face tells you she knows. She knows...
2)FAKE CONTINUE>>>>>  and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) on August 25, 2016, relating to revising the Federal >3
1)  FAKE NEWS >>>> This joint resolution nullifies the rule finalized by the Department of Defense, the General Services Administration,>>>2
A**
Only need to report that @realDonaldTrump reverses everything from @BarackObama as president.
Mien Kampf trump respects women so much opening Escort Services China!Can add Whore Master 2 his resume!
These women will be applauding as they are led to the guillotine.
And those women in the picture and many others are applauding Trump for his destruction of America and hate of women.
But he said he loves women, didn't he?!? Smh
Today his wife.. ummm Ivanka was touting how much he will do for women.  She's just as sneaky as he is. Apple didn't fall very far #RESIST
So disappointing that Trumpy disrespects & loathes women. His mother must be sickened about this, as is the rest of the world. 
More concerned about these women clapping 4 Mien Kampf trump!Are they saddists enjoy inflicting pain onto self &others!
Before you wonder why two old white women are clapping, remember it was old white women that overwhelming voted Trump in.
Sweet! Now @realDonaldTrump and everyone else can grab em' by the pussy!
trump looks like when ET got sick
There you go "What do you have to lose? A: Everything
Suckered again. Enjoy the show trump supporters. You made the bed you get to lie in it now. I told u so.
Please tell me this picture was pulled from something else. What kind of idiot woman would clap for this???
.@NBCNews @jeffjarvis Trump is on a search and destroy mission to obliterate whatever Obama did in last 8 yrs. He's hoping it didn't happen.
@IvankaTrump Ivanka, where are you????
Let the grabbing begin @POTUS #Trumprussia @RussiaTrump
OMFG!!  I blame this on Pence & the Christian Taliban GOP.  I worry they'll take away our voting rights next. We aren't 2nd best.
Virginia Foxx and Marcia Blackburn applaud. They have a special place in hell reserved for them.
everything this man does hurts Mexicans, blacks, poor, old, women and Muslims. He's evil and yes I hate him.
What threat do successful women pose? Really?! What?
Wow so glad Ivanka is around to push forth feminist agendas. She's having a tremendous effect on her father 
#EqualPayDay is #trending
what do the ladies out there think of him now after voting for him then?
Yes, & where is the liberal, modern Daughter Ivanka on this?
@anamariecox and Ivanka says we"have to level the playing field "
Sounds like fake news to me. Did we fact check this
You just have to repeal ALL the good Obama did. He is the great leader you'll never be and you can't stand that. We love him and hate you
Clearly, Hillary would have been just as bad! Bernie or Bust! :D
And republican women applaud this?
Is this satire? ...I am so burned out that is all I can come up with. MAKE IT STOP PLEEEEEZZZZZ.
When these woman turn around a, kick me, note is taped to their backs.
@MariaTCardona Yes he did and ivanka tweeted some bull about caring about women's issues today . Really? She's a Con woman too!!!
What "specific" protections were rolled back if anyone could tell me. I've looked and looked and it doesn't seem women were targeted.
1In our PRE-TRUMP society this story would hit/dom papers/news/public as it would have shocked. "Sad" we are here. Hope is the TRUTH, hope..
2/Hope is: we remained shocked by social injustices, we don't normalize b/c exhausted, Hope the TRUTH/FACTS hits all, Hope decency returns..
The one in blue--isn't that Sessions in drag?
So The Handmaid's Tale is really non-fiction.  Got it.
I guess the new trend is wait for whatever -day it is and EO against that. Can't wait for Earth Day!
Why are those women applauding ?
This man is a dinosaur.
And can anyone "reason" why the women around him are applauding? He must not have told them what he was signing !
So what is his daughter always talking about I will be happy when it is proven trump stole Our votes kick the bum out
No one word from President Trump as to why he did this. This is one sided reporting like is done in North Korea and China or Russia
Better make peace with God cause if trump stays in office the end will be sooner than latter the signs are there
Talk about voting against your own interest...Congratulations to the supposedly educated women who voted for the .
@Sen_JoeManchin @SenCapito @RepAlexMooney @RepEvanJenkins @RepMcKinley Your @POTUS doesn't care about my equal pay
See, the thing is, history will not forget what Obama did & how Trump acted.There is a record and memory and realization between good & bad.
He is inextricably drawn to his own kind, evil.
Republican or Democrat don't give him anything positive  he's a communist trator  can't let him win he will drag you down with him suicide
@realDonaldTrump hates women. What does his daughter think about this? Oh yeah nothing. She's only interested in peddling plastic feminism.
Trump is just trying to take negative impact  his lies are having on anything he tryst to do  his health care bill would still be suicide
Because @realDonaldTrump is a liar and a misogynistic buffoon with zero moral compass.
