@Spyhuntress @NBCNews 
#AG
If Trump can fire him,  then I think it means that he works for him.   Just saying...
he has the right to fire her. Its his appointment to make. Smh at dummies
@Maskani254 @NBCNews the same crap we are seeing in Kenya. The judiciary and all people's institution are serving the executive
The President thinks he owns the country just like his businesses
She refused to uphold/defend law.  This liberal trait was destroying our country.  If she had class she would have resigned.
and we want our laws followed not maybe we will follow this one or maybe that oneSMH
only laws that are constitutional should be upheld. Trump saying it's legal isnt valid.
it's legal until the Supreme Court says it's not constitutional.
trump trump
and so I fire her!
SORE losers.
and the people elected the President
That is right. Dictatorship must end.

Touture will be next for all who defy the BEAST. 

WATER BOARDING AS PUNISHMENT.
NO!! She's YOUR attorney! NOT our Attorney!! Give US our Atty NOW!! OUR votes count! 
Lost by 3 million
3 million illegals! That's why you are all throwing fits now!! Don't want it investigated! Illegal=Dem votes!
Dont listen to your authoritarian leader blindly.Facts matter, not feelings. Study how fascism starts, u may b alarmed when you get informed
LOL I'm not the blind & brainwashed! You've been following liars & felons destroying US- 8 yrs & want more!
you are a communist. Get out of this country.
and the people elected Donald Trump. Give him a chance
We should have Sessions as AG now anyway. Yates was listening to democrats & not doing her job! She should be fired!
And the Democrats work for the people. Go back to work jackasses! Stop dogging it.  DJT is OUR ELECTED PRESIDENT!
@FoxNews These do nothing politicians are really upset because PREZ TRUMP is actually working for the people&getting it done
yea buddy that's worked out well for 8 yrs!!! When you can be bought off from Bill Clinton your not for the ppl
Yates' client is USA & USA's current policies. If she can't defend USA & its policies, she must resign or be unethical.
TERM LIMITS
Truth serum freaks out the freak on a string.
If Staff disagree with Mien kampf Trump!They will be gone!What happens with Dictators!
more evidence the Rs want to own the judiciary.
she, like other liberals think they can do as they please,  and that the rules don't apply to them!
...and YOU think Eric Holder was not Obamas AG? Please at least try and act like you are trying to be unbiased.
The Democrats continue to prove how in able they are to govern
My God is this goof serious. She says Trumps action is legal. He institutes the order. Then she's says she won't defend it - ur frd!
An Executive Order is the law until the courts say otherwise. This EO was vetted by Justice. She violated her oath.
Yates was NoBama's attorney #Don'tletthedoorhityourass
so now GRETA and the repubs are making the acting s.g. Wrong?!?!! Go back to fox!
When trump gave melania a citizenship he should do the same to the others
wrong
if she's my attorney then - Your Fired Again! @JHaystrand @mitchellvii @TEN_GOP @POTUS @GartrellLinda @Right_This_Ship @NPR
the AG is supposed to uphold the law whether or not she agrees or not. She refused therefore she sabotaged the job. Goodbye
YES
Leeky Lehay is  complete idiot. If one of his employees refused to enforce legislation passed by the Congress then he would fire him.
we're standing with Sally Yates
well trump don't know the difference from a statue from a statute, so what does he care about A.G. being peoples attorney
Tell that to Trump
#DJT using his reality show tagline to further devolve out #Democracy!
thank you
@MSNBC @NBCNews
Unfortunately he thinks we arr is puppets and he is the GREAT OZ
@SenatorLeahy Senator: THANK YOU for your exemplary principled leadership today. I'm grateful. #WomensMarch
@SenatorLeahy @NBCNews Confirm whole cabinet ASAP. You are embarrassing our country and your credibility is deminishing daily. 
@SenatorLeahy @NBCNews blah blah blah. Nice a Senator can stumble on his words and still be seriously considered.
As one of those people I DO NOT WANT SESSONS as AG As he is evil and as untrustworthy as Trump and the bunch there now.
stop playing at government...start allowing this land to act out its policies. Allow the cabinet
SHE SWORE TO UPHOLD THE CONSTITUTION AND SHE DID!  SHE DID HER JOB! NOT A BETRAYER  BUT A STRONG LEADER WITH GUTS! #notayeswoman!
The EO is law until such time a court rules otherwise.  Her job was to uphold law.  Can't just ignore laws anymore.
Thank you for being a patriot and a supporter of this nation, Senator Leahy.
@irishlion4 @NBCNews I want to thank you for giving us Attorney General Session it's pass time shut up and vote.
She was Obama's & the Democrats attorney!
@SenatorLeahy @NBCNews Thank you Senator! We the people have NO confidence in Sessions #StopSessions #StandUpToTrump
@SenatorLeahy @NBCNews OMG!!!-AWESOME
@SenatorLeahy @NBCNews  AG can't disagree with the president? Dictatorship in the making. Trump wants to hire a weakling to control.
sen Leahy is Vermont's asshole not America's
@DemsTalk @NBCNews#Correct, but serves at the behest of POTUS
re Sen Leahy spkg up for our atty gen, & constitution, and for US: Stay strong Old Guard, We are with you and we r "the people" too.
@SenatorLeahy @NBCNews Thank you for voting NO on Sessions
Seriously? Unless a democrat is in the White House? Poster boy for term limits.
senator Leahy when an attorney approves a document 's language, shouldn't he/she be responsible to uphold that document?
failure to support laws equal failure to do your job. Anyone who thinks she shouldn't be fired try telling your boss no
Yeah refuse to do your job tomorrow and see how many of you still have a job. #your fired
There is that little thing called "The Constitution which Yates ignored when she overstepped her authority @SenatorLeahy
Oh really ? I guess L Lynch didn't get that memo... what a farce... Find me one honest congress person PLEASE
will someone explain to pres press sec that AG WORKS for people  not pres if he break law .
@Spyhuntress @NBCNews 
We elected President Trump to make such appointments,  among other things.   So,  yes,  he is Trump's AG.
@Spyhuntress @NBCNews 
But the AG is appointed by the POTUS to be our country's chief law enforcement officer.
time for some new Senators he's part of the problem in Washington! #ChangeWashington
and Donald is the people's president!!!!
fake and he is her boss like it or not "You'er Fired"
THANK YOU SENATOR for standing up to Trumps insanity
@SenatorLeahy is a highly principled man.
get a clue you bozos. the AG is an appointed position, not an elected one. We need to fire a lot more useless fed. workers.
@SenatorLeahy @NBCNews your the kind of person we voted Trump for. 

#CareerPolitician #DrainTheSwamp
@SenatorLeahy @NBCNews 
@SenatorLeahy @NBCNews Stay on this. Miller, Bannon, and Trump are a danger to democracy.
TRUMP FIRES THOSE WHO ARE SMARTER THAN HE!  KEEPS THOSE WHO ARE AS CORRUPT!
@SenatorLeahy @NBCNews  She's FIRED. For swearing to God & Country, a sacred OATH. And then breaking the sacred OATH. FIRED @POTUS
The Repubs. can't keep their sorry asses in their seats long enough to get through the confirmation hearing. #rude
She should have defended our safety and not bent down to Dems.
#resistance
is that why the president is the one that assigns them?
Sallie is a person of integrity, Trump is not, she did the right think, Trump/Session/GOP R Racist, it's a fact. Look south.
@TFehartyToons @NBCNews The AG is the LAW's attorney. Not the POTUS attorney.
Trump believes the whole freakin US BELONGS to him. trump & your flying monkeys
@SenatorLeahy @NBCNews thank you
those who took the oath... "protect and defend the constitution of the United States..." don't fall for trumps lies
She works for the American people not the Democratic party. A DIGUSTING POLITICAL HACK.
@realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls @JoeNBC -Agree; what about Obama's AG's;who were censored & met with Bill Clinton secretly!
trump firing AGA clearly demonstrate you want to surround yourself with yes men. It's about you not the American people.
trump os only out for himself and not us the people
ABSOLUTELY!!!!
hypocrite!
ya right.  Wonder who paid her off.  Obama's wife.
Is Leahy an attorney? Is he honest or just another democrat demagogue.
the President wants Yes Men around him. He is always pissed off and tweets if someone has different view.
When will the Democrats stop tearing this country apart, stop lying to the public, and learn from their big election loss?
for as long as i became politically aware i have admired this man Senator Patrick Lahey! One of the noblest americans!
No. the AG is appointed by the @POTUS #fakenews
#LiberalLies

@SenatorLeahy @NBCNews thank you, Senator.
Forgive me Senator but you are an old blow hard! Shut up, and for goodness sake RETIRE.
@SenatorLeahy @NBCNews Yes and that is why we are all yelling for his confirmation. Don't turn this around the majority asked for him
How does Leahy justify the fact that Yates did not once object to any of Obama's orders some of which were deemed unconstit?
Leahy is the poster child for the reason we need term limits.  Can't remember how real life works.  Early Onset???
That they are
Wonderful and worthy of respect.  Thank you Senator for having the basic principles of common decency than many do not!
tight on, she should of not been fired.
If one of Sen Leahy's staff members was insubordinate Leahy would promptly fire that employee Pres Trump is Yates boss
She made a political decision, not a legal decision. Even Dershowitz called her out. @MSNBC @NBCNews
Wrong again he has complete say in her job she is appointed by him. Liar!!!!!
step 3 in Main Kampf. Want to know what's next, read this stupid book.
EXACTLY RIGHT. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Sen Leahy is absolutely right. Yates is people's attorney. And by people he means the people of the Democratic Party
Question? Has America become Fascism, Communist, Socialist or Dictatorship. When the People nor the Government has no voice
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Trump we aren't happy by just firing her,she must be court Marshall for putting our security at risk
@realDonaldTrump Trump firing this bitch is not enough, she disobeyed the president&created incitement against our security.
@realDonaldTrump Trump We are still not happy by just firing her.She on purposely wanted to create chaos in justice Dept.
The AG serves at the pleasure of the president. Full stop
Leahy should be poster boy for term limits, this guy dosent even have the will to speak
And now. She's fired. When are you liberals going to understand the people don't like you anymore.
not my attorney,Obamas attorney.
It remains to be determined how many Trump supporters on Tweeter are Nazis, KKK, supremacists, Russians or simple minded.
Fact. When irrational Trump supporters are at a loss they will shout as one idiotic mindless herd. Snowflake/FakeNews/MAGA,
Trump and Bannon are Nazis who are testing the system. Impeach Trump. Jail Bannon for treason.
Sessions won't tell Trump no especially now that Trump fired Yates without batting an eye! Intimidating!
The Attorney General failing to defend perfectly defensible law is abdication of duty. Period
Donald Trump is not the people's President. He listens to no one that is with the people.  The numbers show it in demonstrations. Dump Trump
she was the people's attorney. Now she's unemployed.
unlike this POS lynch
blah blah blah
She got fired cause she's a liberal retard ,That hates Americans and loves terrorist more than America .
Is there anyone left in this administration who is sane and thinking clearly ? The stability of the country is at stake.
mercy that don't even make since mercy
Wrong! people voted @POTUS , and he has the right to appoint and fire the Secretary, he is doing his job.
and it is her job not to oppose the Law! She is the one breaking the law!
News Flash:  Standing up 4 the constitution is not breaking the law..Oh sorry..Reps don't recognize the constitution
Wrong it's the Constitutional Attorney. Ugh lol
#howlonginoffice?
The people gave him the authority to fire her .
Bill Clinton fired 93 attorneys ...........not a beep from media
doanld sees the Federal gov. now as part of his holdings/real estate
she disrespected our president so if you defend that then you are a partisan fool no matter if you are dem or rep.
Member the #ChristmasDayBomber From #Somalia  Great Pick to INCLUDE That Country @realDonaldTrump #KeepOnKeepingOn #MAGA
She supported decisions made by Obama which were unanimously rejected by the Supreme Court. Should have been fired then.
which people she should be for the constitution and not emotionally connected to either?
It's Reality T.V. I wonder how Trump said the phrase "Your FIRED". You clowns put him there.
Like sitting on a tarmac being blackmailed by the husband of a Criminal? You're a JOKE! He's doing what WE hired him to do!
Trump is trying to change that, fascist state is coming fast
