Serving in the military is not a #RIGHT it is a #PRIVILEDGE. Many people are excluded from serving in the military due to medical reasons.
Only there are those who are already serving. Taking that away simply means Trump's saying to them they're not worthy despite being braver.
In the 90s they started coed training, in '03 I was RETRAINING, because they didn't learn it. In '05 I was carrying soldiers off because...
...lack of training. The military is no place for social experiments. Training is detrimental for battlefield survial. Distractions in....
Only it's not a social experiment. There are currently trans people serving.
Soldier of today's military are wimps compared to those 20 or 30 years ago. Complaining about things being to hard.
It's fine to spend god knows how much to keep the military-industrial complex going, but support fellow human beings? Nope, too expensive.
What keeps our enemies at bay? Our military, or a few individuals? 
There are those  waiting, for a momentary weakness, to attack.
Did any trumps serve?
No.
I thought so!
Well, there IS this:
He's not even a Trump.
Close enough. 
True. And Trump did do that sword dance thing and touched the orb.

I served in Iraq in 2006. For the first five months I was on a 12 man firebase out in the middle of nowhere in the desert.
What would HE know about serving in the Military?  He was too busy playing tennis & dancing the nights away with those painful bone spurs 
Sort of like Obama huh
Obama wasn't a 4 time draft dodger.......

Is that his ss#
No, that's his draft number.
Actually I think those are his measurements!  


Gonna screenshot this tweet so I can pin it to the top of my tweets... Brilliant and a must-see statement. Thank you!
Especially as it's completely unsubstantiated. Please, go completely off of feelings. That's mature.
@realDonaldTrump has never had2defend anybody or anything fact; he was2dumb and never fit enough to serve so he just grabs women priv parts!
moving
Dude, why so much retweeting. Thoughts of your own maybe?
#TrumpWritesHallmarkCards 
#TrumpScoutBadges 
#USArmyReserve 
#USArmy 
#VeteransResist 
#VeteransAgainstTrump
"OUR NATION IS BANKRUPT OVER THESE WARS"
"Israel has a powerful stranglehold on US Gov"
Fmr US Congressman Traficant
The US Military is simply carrying out the Israel #YinonPlan to destabilize Middle East using the pretext of fighting ISIS
#USArmy #Veterans
@realDonaldTrump Every soul laid 2 rest there, an American Hero. You Sir, are an American embarrassment.
My dad is buried there as well - WWII POW. He would be ashamed of US treating ANY vet like Trump is to ttans troops.
There are probably some pediphiles, zoophiles, paranoid schizophrenics and many other mental illnesses in there too.
That was all thoroughly looked at and weighed beforehand,I know many vets who DO have problem w Trump so that argument is moot btw.
Wonderful and I thank them for their service. Here's the biggest difference. Probably few if any changed their sex or demanded we pay for it
If the military pays for body dysmorphia surgeries re: trauma/illness, why not re: transgender individuals?  All have a mental effect.
They weren't serving before Obama let them in the last few months.Stop blaming everything on @POTUS.Where was all outrage when Obama was in!
Correct...Obama didn't allow Trannys or Mannys in until 2016.  Not a fking peep out all from you LGBT bleeding hearts for 7+ years. Why?
Because, you bigot, he fixed historical wrong. Trump just went backwards. And ppl *were* advocating during 44.
Can @POTUS spot the graves of the Jews, Muslims, Mexicans, Native Americans, Chinese, Japanese, & African Americans? They're there as well.
American Military has a history (women & African Americans) of only wanting minority soldiers when they are desperate for bodies.
Pretty sure they'll take everyone they can get, regardless.
Just look how @realDonaldTrump doesn't mind ending careers of America's military.
Dr. Paul R. McHugh,the former psychiatrist-in-chief for Johns Hopkins Hospital & its current Distinguished Service Professor of Psychiatry?
Thanks @hg0711  for RTing this powerful visual message.
He's using old language that has been used to keep out women,homosexuals, and anybody else that don't fit in societies mold.
Wow. Powerful way to prove your point. Well done and very sad. Trump doesn't understand loyalty which is the main component of armed forces.
It's not loyalty that he's worried about. It's the unstableness with hormone supplements and the cost of transgender accommodations.
I never meant he was scared of loyalty. I meant he has no sense of loyalty. He is loyal to the man in the mirror and no one else.
This is a five-time draft Dodger who didn't serve due to "heel spurs". Someone that gutless is what should make you sick.
He also didn't serve for educational reasons, please do not forget to mention those. Four education related and one with "heel spurs."
As soon as he finishes w/ LGBT & then limits women's rights he'll start cutting back military all in the name of giving more to the rich
You assume and you demonize.
Thank you...  Powerful Picture.
I was just there too
Didn't we have a Transgender @POTUS once as well as a Trans @FBI director. Or are we just vaccuming up Hoover now?
They are Everywhere, ALL,HUMANS, have the RIGHT, to be who they ARE!!! Love Everyone...
95M people not working, 45M people in poverty, 545K homeless...and what does the Pres want to attack,15k transgender patriotic soldiers? WTH
Still shouldn't be the Taxpayers responsibility to pay for their medical needs!  I promise you that!
Yes we ABSOLUTELY should be paying their medical expenses. They are putting their lives on the line for our country.
@POTUS is a bit ignorant!
Just a bit? You are way too kind.
OFMG! Please.
This is a wonderful tweet.
There r many gay  transgender pp n picture just as there many doctors, lawyers, engineers, carpenters, patriots. Why can't pp just be.
@realDonaldTrump answer the question, sir.
Please don't call him POTUS, he's #NotMyPotus.  He's #DouchebagInChief.
Excellent post. Once a person has voluntary got in line to take a bullet for someone else's hide, they deserve unconditional respect
I agree and no one willing to serve their country should be told they can't for any reason other than health.
And no heel spurs
Some answered the call, some didn't.
Can I borrow that meme please?
Sure
Along with black, white, red yellow, male, female, democratic, republican, Jewish, Christian, Muslim, catholic, evangelical we salute all
There's gay ones and black ones and *shudders* female ones there, too. Are they next? :(((

Amen patriots are not verified by gender. Trump is and has always been a hypocrite.
One thing's for sure and that's you'll never spot Trumps name there coz he is a devout coward and would not risk a dollar for his country.
@JacquelineHine1 @POTUS Absolutely, they're all Brave American Service Members, they gave their all, what has any Trump given?
Can you spot the troops with personality disorders or depression in the photo?  They're there I promise.
like he cares.... he only likes veterans who didn't get dead
Hmm - would you give them a gun !
Buddy this is America, we'll give ANYBODY a gun. 

(Also Yeah, anyone who passes test for active duty should be allowed)
I'm not sure with what that test is - but I would for sure be nervous if they had a bad day.
Did u read the article? Trans mental health is result of discrimination & non-acceptance. Also, they don't 'snap' and go on killing sprees.
I'm not qualified to comment on the intricacies of the problem - but it does highlight serious issues - hence my comment. A confused mind.
Yet, here you are doing just that.
And you won't find a Trump there...@realDonaldTrump
Trump's grand daddy fled Germany to avoid conscription. Draft Dodging is in the Trump genes.
Huh? Since transgendered we not allowed until recently, I cannot imagine any in the photo. Sorry.
Right, because people have never been forced to lie about who they are because so many other people are judgmental bigots and POSs.
Great post, well done!
thats' great & I appreciate the sacrifice they provided-as a vet myself from 72 & 73.  Still don't want 2 pay for a sex change with my tax $
I know, right?  Let's trim that .0001% of the military budget because of your fee fees.
If anyone served as a medic they know the costs of gender medications & surgeries corrections for soldiers having them now!
And it is all WAY less than the cost the military pays to treat guys with limp dicks.
Hey as long as America doesn't see us they don't care if we serve.  They just don't want to know e exist is that really that bad.....yes
I don't know how much more I can take from this Pres. Feels like my heart is breaking, literally.
I doubt that they are.

Way more likes than @realDonaldTrump who can't even eclipse @BarackObama with his tweet likes. Sad!

Powerful message. RIP to all these brave soldiers.
Powerful and completely subjective.
I know it may be complex to grasp, but the message is there. For those that can understand.
Yes. It touched my heart.
Well, you have one..Makes a big difference, some other people have no heart..SAD..
Definitely hundredth from the left!! Spotted!
No, are you holding the camera?
Yet no Trump ancestors among the grave markers.  Shameful.
#MAGA #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA
Hare to say it but if a veteran has the procedure done to change genders then the solider that served no longer exists. Therefore they...
That's just stupid. If they lose a leg, are they no longer the same person?

@USMC @USArmy @USNavy @usairforce @votevets
Amen, my friend. These actions by Trump and his admin are completely disrespectful to all those who have served and are currently serving.
Show me the proof.
Why is the LGBTQ community upset about not being able to fight imperialist wars protecting oil fields for war profiteers?
Because this is just another way to show them that they are second class citizens in the eyes of the country.
All of these arguments are ridiculous. If I go and die for $ will you then look at me as a real human. Doesn't make sense.
Trumpty should go to Arlington National Cemetery & just look (picture) and see the Sacrifice that so many have given for our Country!
No. He cannot walk on that hallowed ground, ever
You are right! He can drive thru and see the miles of white headstones. I have been & it makes you cry!
I pray he never goes. The sacrifices we have made are fading under him. Thank goodness my Dad cannot see it
We will get that feeling back! No, no one is ever beneath me or you. We are all equal, special & unique. We Will prevail! WE WILL ! 
I believe in this great country. That has saved so many and asked so little. I cannot sleep tonight. Because some great soldiers have
Been made less than. This opens them up to hate and discrimination. Seal team 6. Killed Osama bin Laden. One is a woman now
On my own heart, I owe my life to her. How she lives her life doesn't matter to me. That team is legendary. They have carried out orders
yet $45 cult will deny, they think being trans is a new fad. @57_aharrison @AmFem101 @mmpadellan @MDBlanchfield @tedlieu @SenKamalaHarris
The Bible is firm in saying "There is NOTHING new under the sun"

Sexual orientation is personal; get out of ppl's genitalia.

#RESISTANCE++
Cool. Keep your genitalia out of my wallet and we good, aight?
But his golf trips and multiple wars are fine.
Obama is gone. Quit worrying about his golf trips and multiple wars.
He would not know, I suspect he never had to visit a relative there.
I'm so proud of trans people. They were brave enough to make themselves happy but he is stopping them
What you won't see is cowards who opted out of military service because they had bone spurs! #ShameOnYou @realDonaldTrump
OUCH! Thats gonna leave a mark.
Outrageous
http://www.gofundme.com/broken-hearts-broken …
@WWE @WWEUniverse @jennettemccurdy @TheRealAlSnow @TheRock @Oprah @kirkfranklin @NatbyNature @TNADixie
I'll guarantee you 100%, they're not.
@quantick Lovely :)
Obama did not approve army trans until the end of his presidency.  So there is that.
Thank you for this tweet. It's very poignant. And important.
Omg so powerful. No words. Mad respect.
Real
Oh, that is powerful.
This,,,
Everyday, Trump finds new ways to dishonor America. It is he who should be deported.
Respect.
Thank U Ladies and Gentlemen for your service... This outrage will not stand.
Here as well... But they are here
Ditto
My brother in law, who is part of the LGBTQ+ community, is currently at boot camp and I fear for him right now.
Prove it.
Probably got some of them killed
Do the headstones have little Rosa Winkel in the corner?
What R the names of the Generals & experts 45 spoke 2 abt this? We deserve 2 hear from them as well. I bet he didn't speak to anyone. @Rosie
God help us. This mentally ill trump has so damaged our country. Congress you have the responsibility to stop him. Trump is not a king!
Whoa!  Very powerful. Thank you - and all of them.
@SpinDr @POTUS  I don't and have never seen one, nor do I want to. Least  never in my shower. Would never have made it in my day!
Thanks God. We need more people like you.
How very true, death does not discriminate, so life must be respected for all soldiers.
Yet again, @realDonaldTrump is showing his true nature... Ignorance, intolerance, hatred. What a pathetic human being...
While not a vet myself, I fully and completely support all of the vets that fight for the Constitution and Bill of Rights. All of them.
Thank you for your service.  You will not be forgotten.
#lestweforget
Yeah, Donald Trump definitely DID serve

.....his OWN interests, while tens of thousands of REAL Americans died in Vietnam!
45, you are one of the few mistakes I have made in my life. I should have exempted you from the Americans I fought for.
'Nuff said.
@POTUS surely transgenders were serving their country at the same as you did? You know when you were in the forces...serving the country...?
Wow, powerful message.
I'm crying :(
@RowanBlanchard @POTUS These poor soldiers who definitely deserved a life...they risked their lives for others thats respect 
I served when to be gay was a less than an honorable discharge. Sure fire way to get out, that and being pregnant.

I served in Iraq in 2006. For the first five months I was on a 12 man firebase out in the middle of nowhere in the desert.
Haunting visual.

RT RT RT RT!! @GeorgeTakei @TheEllenShow @AC360 @DebraMessing @RepAdamSchiff @draiochta14 @tedlieu @RevJJackson @NAACP
If we cannot point out exactly who the transgender tombstones are then we have no business using this picture.Dead troops are not propaganda
Powerful
Don't ask that! He will want to dig up the graves, check all bodies, and remove those offending few.
Can you send this from a diff account?  I think when you are blocked all RT'S frm you are blocked also. Want @POTUS to see this. Thanks.
I can't.It's imposseble
BOOM!!! He can't tell his right foot from his left foot
None died from bone spurs though.
@Rafaeslomejor
"Can you my spot..." What were you tryin to say...makes no sense...??
The Orange Pinko has no right to tread on these sacred grounds, and I imagine he doesn't care who rests there. Beautiful, but sad image.
Powerful.
Donald has no respect for anyone. I see that photo and ache for the families.
@VoteVets have always been an anti-Trump, liberal page that's followed by more coward liberals than ACTUAL vets. The military LOVES Trump!
How many are there because THEIR govt refused to foot the bill to TRANSGENDER THEM?
SUPPOSE WE did and they didnt like the fit?
? OBLIGATION
Wtf, your promise doesn't constitute any form of proof.....please.
No, I agree we shouldn't go backwards on policy. However why was everyone radio silent while this was Obamas policy for 7 years?
Why should the military pay for sex change operations? Fuck that shit.
Come on that's not fair, how is he supposed to know what that's a photo of? Plus none of those graves have beards and dresses simultaneously
All Heroes 
Honestly dont think anyone cares as long as they served the country that we live in lmao.
I  you VoteVets.
Everybody, retweet the above tweet from @votevets
http://livingflorabuildings.blogspot.com 
Awesome point! Thank you for sharing.
What he calls Transgender, I call human beings.
That may be debatable, but the significance is not.
If you're pushing for trans troops, you hardly rep the views of the AD mil, let alone operators. Admit youre a far left org, draped in flag.
Inappropriate tweet.

I see a lot of brave people who lost their lives for these stupid politicians who are only in office to fulfill their agendas.
Your tweet made the hair stand up on the back of my neck.  Very effective, thank you!
I am actually crying.. Sad..
Somehow I doubt there are too many there.
Were they taking their hormone shots at the time they fought?  That could be a problem in combat.
They were busy keeping their oath.
Irrelevant response.
Why? Cuz I won't address your whataboutism.
Point made.  I see no color or gender in that sad yet beautiful photo.  Those brave souls are true heroes unlike @POTUS
Name them. You promise so name them.
@jk_rowling @POTUS that's not the point! Seriously? Ur not bright if u thought that's a the point! Cost of sex change&not being

Don't point that thing at me I don't know where it's been. LoL
Don't stand so close! 
I only see roman soldiers
Yet you can spot the draft dodger in each of his pictures. 45 is sick.
@jenniferbeals @POTUS then let hollywood libs foot the bill
Costs up to $8M for transgender medical services. Costs $84M for ED meds. But keep being ignorant. It's working out well for you.

#TrumpCrimeFamily starring the Cheetoh, Complicity and the Wuss, and two grease balls, one named Fredo and the other one
I think some of the Brave Sailors that Trump spoke to on the Gerald Ford may have been transgender.
Potus?
Does Trump have groundskeepers pulling headstones of TG's and that is why you see all the spots where it appears a headstone is missing?
@realDonaldTrump I'm forwarding this because you probably only check your personal Twitter...
In that photo?  ZERO!
EVERYONE PLEASE RETWEET!!!!
Its such a sad day.. for this country, he is blowing away every thing we stand for!!
I'm sorry, happy days for this American! #MEGA
Just wow.

They've always been there.  Just like all the rest of us. We are human and we are here, watching. Shame
What happened to his promise to stand behind the LGBTQ community??
That's honestly the only reason that in pissed he went back on his word so we can't trust him on anything he says
He's doing this Transgender ban cuz he needs money for his #StupidWall which will NOT stop human trafficking into TX that come in 18wheelers
people go to war to protect their freedom. Trump, who has never served, just took away that freedom without a fight it seems.
Thank you for posting this...#GratefulHeart
As for the far flung enemy civilians, they're not counted.
Nope they are not, they dint get the hormones, nor the shchi logo testing and treatments and surgery. Didn't divert resources to themselves!
that picture brings home the discrimination of the evil WH. These souls in the pic, need us to resist this transgender discrimination
This is the absolute best thing I've seen so far calling Trump out. So sad, and he is so sadly disgraceful.
The one in the left looks kinda sus
Always trying to make good Americans feel guilty. That is how we got the America hating O in the white house. This insanity is being stopped
Spot on!
The one there had dignity and did not even disclosed their preferences, but now it's a trend, and to be a full transgender cost lots of $.
It's not a trend and everybody deserves to be able to live openly .
Rowlings is a douchbag
can you my spot ?
Amen
Trump dealt away the lives of a 6500 military transgender's 4 money 4 HIS wall!DT wants 2be known 2 have built the USA wall of China.LOSER!
Here lies a US soldier known only to God
Yes, but they did so as American servicemen & women. They didn't demand separate & special treatment.
Can you spot the soldiers demanding special treatment to be soldiers? I can. Trans...
no doubt, but how many #uspoli #USA #CDNPOLI #TOPOLI
You know transgender is an umbrella term. Is there a medical condition which would disqualify service?
Seeing trans per gender (transgender) as an umbrella is a preference that many hate, prefer to c grpng by phys sex. https://jennaware.com/coalition/ 
That kinda made it murkier.
My Husband Served. Navy. We are DISGUSTED he'd treat Military like this! He said, "I didnt serve OUR Country for him to do all this shit!

