Shame. If he had dropped out after he couldn't win, and really helped DEMOCRATS, like provide his email list, we wouldn't be in this mess.
@SenatorLeahy @BernieSanders He can sell one of his homes. Isn't socialism great Bernie? You seem to be doing extremely well.
everything was affordable till the Govt got involved.
sky is falling chicken bernie.
HELLL YES!! I'm feeling the BERN!!!
thousands are dieing now
please do not say die Bernie it could happen!!
do statistics show poor more likely to get sick costing ins Co too much ? Reduce cost by elimination 4 profit
#sick
Here we go again. Same old liberal tactics once again.
@SenatorLeahy @BernieSanders thousands will die with ACA you old fool. It was set up to force single payer which is just as bad!
@SenatorLeahy @BernieSanders Wow. And I thought only the right used "scare" tactics. Bernie can pay for their health bills.
Lying is deceitful behavior How can 2 wrongs make a right Our word used to mean something
yes they will Bernie and I hope that it is not the families of the Republicans that devised this bill.
unfortunately nothing new for USA.  Republicans hate Healthcare except for rich ppl. Thank God I'm Canadian!
The sky is falling,the sky is falling.....
All seem to think Obamacare or a replacement is essential. What did we do before 2010?
aahhh...Mr no it all sanders....whrs hilary. ..take the walK with her. ..#supportourpresident
more than died from ALL terrorist attacks
The real GOP Death Panel.
and if nothing is done it will fail and he knows that
funny just 4 years ago we had no healthcare plan and millions didn't die so what's up Bernie
it was before the Govt got into the Healthcare business
I think that's their plan. .. kill the poor people off...
Republican Death Courts for the sick and elderly. Americans can die to save money to pay for the Trump wall.
The new plan will give millions freedom to choose their own plans, tax credits and, hopefully, open market.
...blah blah blah...

how have they managed to stay  alive all this time..Grace?
Hyperbole much, crazy Bernie? #maga
Why don't you support everybody with your own money especially money from Hillary pay off?!
please stop covering this cracked pot, you both look ridiculous
Thinking of someone i saw in hosp today who will most certainly die without benefit of Medicaid expansion.
.@politico @BernieSanders The #USA is a #FakeDemocracy. The welfare of the 99% is totally irrelevant to the 1% who control the system.
They already did.
. More scare tactics from ding bat democrats
Oh Bernie! No one is going to die, you're overreacting as usual.
PEARLS OF WISDOM BY COL SANDERS.
well that will be cheaper
More #Politico #FakeNews and #DEMS Bald FACED LiES!  NOT one person will die .. but 20 million 20 something kids will NOT PAY #IRS Fines!
Thousand will die regardless if they have healthcare of not, it is called the circle of life.
go home bernie, you're drunk
good pic of bernie looks like he cant decide which of his three houses to stay in
really paint the GOP and your President, D.Trump,say kill millions hell say a billion. A lie is a lie, so go big!!!
And to think they can just let this DEM owned dung implode.
I agree, the @GOP said there would be death panels with the ACA....& they were right...just wrong about the plan.
taxpayers are paying for your damn coverage you hypocrite
I hope it doesn't happen.
No one is refused service in emergency rooms.  Grow up Bernie
GOP has proven over & over they're NOT pro-life. They're pro-birth, pro-wealth, pro-white & pro-Christian. Period.
come on you and CNN , only thousands will die, what about grandma,and the cliff,cancer patients,left outside to die
I will lose my coverage.
bye bye insulin
the people that can't pay for insurance ohhh welll. Get a job.
You got that right. Trump and Ryan have a chain of funeral parlors
Utter nonsense. Ppl will not be mandated/forced to buy this so some will go without as their choice.
people are forced to buy car insurance. You know why?
are you in that count
let's ask doctors to work for free ..that would take out so must cost ..
even though they have 6figure debt ...when they finish medical school..why don t you become a dr
sellout
False
#alrmist
 I heard a Republican Senator refer to it as GOP's Obamacare too. Trump doesn't want it called Trumpcare 
