The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!
And God willing Bernie, Barack Obama & Hillary Clinton will very soon learn the same TRUTH that NO ONE IS ABOVE THE LAW-enjoy your dacha!
How about your preferred presidential pick, Hillary? She's sure as hell above the law. Why isn't that a problem?
Wrong. It's NOT over because she keeps inserting herself into it. She's not flawed, she's an unindicted criminal.
Wrong
If Hillary were POTUS.... she would be above the law ,,,,, short memory or no memory left Bernie ...you natural born leader you #LESSBLUEIN2
#45 thought he was elected emperor
how about the Libs&governor's & officials given rights to people that are illegal? They swore an oath to the American citizen
Many elites in UK are above the law, need a constitution
we will see who wins this fight in the end. You seem to be in a loosing streak lately. #DNC #DNCChair
you are the reason us melinnials have hope.
And neither are immigrants.  McCarran-Walter Act, Senator.
although it seems Bob Ferguson is!
U.S. Code 1182 says he's well within the law.
And you need to learn the law. Congress wrote the code! Get a clue! #3Stooges
Supreme Court is NOT above the law cause of politics! POTUS was well within law, as other pres before him. Will be overturned
so why is Bob Ferguson above the law?
Suing (& winning) doesn't violate the law. The reg you cite applies to the US AG, not state AG. It's irrelevant.
@RBReich @MMFlint @womensmarch @SenSchumer  I feel so great Tonight safer then since Nov 8. Thank you Bob Fergeson & All
so embarrasing POTUS
The law gives the President the right to do what he did!! Idiot!!
#whatREALAGsdo
.@SenSanders Won't be the last time we hear it! Good on the 9th Circuit!
Tell that to Hellary Rotten Clinton
Sounds like someone can't handle the outcome and  is having a tantrum?!!
That might be surprising for Trump to hear. He really doesnt know anything.
@CloudContact except the clintons?
@realDonaldTrump  Bernie you still trying to get our Taxes higher so we can pay for other countries?
Bernie: Sell one of your homes BD help the vets in your state
1. He was never going to raise taxes on the middle and lower class. 2. Ironic, how about Trump sell one of his?
specifically the president.
are you always so stupid? I'm curious.
you seem to be the stupid. What the President did is not against the law baby.
yea what he said. I cant believe these hony dripper are still angry about MAGA
MAGA? Is that like when your husband beats you, but it's for your own good?
are you delusional or in drugs?
neither delusional, nor "in" drugs. It appears you're having difficulty grasping EVERYTHING here.
apparently illegals & terror are above the law in your world. You shouldn't put your sissy boots on yet. Halt will be reversed!
it's ppl like you that endanger innocent ppls lives. Should be ashamed of yourself.
your government has great powers and uses them already. It's not easy to get a visa to USA
tell that to the 14 dead ppl in San Bernandino.
Another important truth is that you would have won.
yeah it's easy to win when you promise everything will be free

DT pays no taxes. He's the one getting #freestuff that you & I pay for!
He thinks the Middle Class is High Class of earning 70-100k annually.
a Bernie regime. Because the regulations and loans run them into ground.
@elijahwood he is in criminal contempt - say it.
uh... you have to insult the judge IN COURT, not in a tweet. Say it.
Trump doesn't believe in laws.
none of the arrivals had fraudulent document
And Trump did commit Contempt of Court this morning BTW.
Bro, contempt of court has to happen... within the confines of the court.  And there was no threat
apparently Hillary Clinton is above the law. Why isn't she in federal prison?
lmao you are humorous
well now that solves all my questions I watched the Cspan live  I disagree perjury proven that's 1
what's she got to do with his actions right now?
apparently nothing ? I guess I read the opening post wrong about being above the law
like my kids. when 1 is caught doing wrong & believes the other's prior wrong somehow negates?
Doesn't it scare the ever living shhhh out of you and everyone that @realDonaldTrump doesn't know how 3 branches of govt work?
It Sure As Hell Bothers Me. His Whole Administration Is Dumber Than A Box Of Rocks!
When is Melania going to fulfil her First Lady responsibilities and start organizing the White House Easter Egg Roll? @Esssie31
Nixon found that out
yup he got caught and resigned, B Clinton caught and impeached and still wouldnt leave, Democrat senate hah
If we could just get that message across to Democrats as well, would be nice.
This guy!
Do you support the violence at @UCBerkeley Pretty straight forward question I asked you nearly ten times. No answer yet
we haven't been safe for the past 8 years.
We haven't been safe the entire time Obama was in office.  the problems now can be directly attributed to that LOSER.
I am forgiven.  Are you?
I find that impossible to believe based on your behavior.
You can never win an argument with a crazy person.
very good statement!! @realDonaldTrump thinks he's above everyone. He will never see anything but DJT.  Very Sad!!!
Please make sure he learns no one is above the law!!! You and Elizabeth Warren and those like you are our only hope!#RESIST
Trump hasn't grasped the fact that he's leading a government, not the owner of a company.
OMG!! @AGOWA prosecutes #Trump, yet ushers in banker attys in his Consumer Protection division. Bob's a bank tool
You should have been elected as President
please hold him to it, Bernie!!!
then why do you advocate for immigrants, both legal and illegal, to not have to obey the law?
Everything he has done has been within the law. You and everyone else's delusional dreams and feelings aren't the law though.
just for infro really smart people don't sign anything they don't read and understand. Really dump people do
Every time I see the Mrs D. Trump(First Lady) I see the picture of her in Prayboy.
@MissMelodyMaker 
The next step, Mr.Trump asks help to his friend Putin "the chemical".I think.
well that's debate for another day bcs Trump believes not in law
@realDonaldTrump And we learned that 12 times when Obama's EOs were found unconstitutional.  Not a peep from you then grandpa!!
@SenatorLeahy or Hillary but seems she is when will she be put up on charges.
so you want him to be a back stabbing liar like all politicians.  I will be happy when you just shut your non American voice
you & Pelosi need to crawl back under your rocks!
We are the people of, by and for our government and will never be ruled. #UnitedWeWillStand #ResistTrumpTyranny of our Nation!
@realDonaldTrump trump is the most ignorant president I can ever remember! How the f--- did he get elected? #ImpeachTrump
I made the suggestion that he read the constitution while on vacation, I doubt he'll listen.
Then why is obama not in jail and Clinton's for that matter ?? !!Trump is doing what Americans want. He is upholding our laws!!!
Just Hillary is above the law... you tell them BERNIE!!
read Article 2 in the Constitution
@ctdphillips Because according to @realDonaldTrump judges and the Judicial Branch aren't a part of the country.
@RochdaleHerald @realDonaldTrump "to live outside the law, you must be honest" Which @realDonaldTrump manifestly is not.
#MissionToMars #PlanetOrange Suggestion: Maybe we can convince him to join a Mars mission. He'll be way up above the law then.
Thank you, Bernie.
keep going Senator! I hope your written constitution has the strength to withstand this anarchic onslaught. I am sure if does.
lets change that "if" to "it"!
u say that the Clinton's are above the law
you tell him Bernie.I recommend this so called president undergo some training with you. Actually I recommend he just resigns.
but that's the thing. That moron just never learns.
Thank you The opinion of this so-called president is worth nothing; as is the person himself
@realDonaldTrump if only the dems had learned HRC was not above the law. Bernie is a butthead
Trump is an embarrassment
trump never broke the law this ridiculous it is not unconstitutional. This democratic
Judge needs to be arrested
what do we do, Bernie?  We are very terrified of @therealdonald_
That so-called president needs to read the constitution.
thank god
I'm from a little country in Central America name BELIZE; what does USA really wants
the problem is he should already know this...
apparently hillary clinton is
Better to say, "No one is above the law, especially the president."
@nicadispatch what about Hillary, still not in jail.
No sh^t! that includes Hillary Clinton!!!!
precisely
@glynco Bernie is immersed in his Communist concept that Politburo Judges decree and not interpret law.  Bernie senile.
No one should be above Law.  Unless one believes in dictatorship.
This shows that the law and order president ha sno respect for the law or those entrusted to keep it.
same way the Clintons learned?
so sad that this is our president.
@realDonaldTrump DonaldDuck here you go listen to a Statesman and you might learn something
lets hope he CAN learn .. after all, he's like a smart person!
What about the secretary of state? She (Hillary) must be above the law!
The law is clear read 8 US code 1182. Shit for brain liberal activists judges don't follow law they just obstruct.
He will have to be shown that fact. They feel very Putin-ish right now. Our fascist wannabes in the White House!
does that apply to Hillary
@SenatorLeahy Where was that statement during campaign re: HRC & Obama? How soon we forget as politicians! Clintons above law!
you mean the so-called president lol
We all know by now that he doesn't learn. He's emotionally sick. Time to get him out of there, & all the republicans who support
Yeah, then we should prosecute Hillary 4 emails & foundation.  Red diaper commies are all the same just now wear depens.
@Katcontinental @realDonaldTrump Hey Bernie, didn't you say you could work with Trump? Lost all respect with that comment.
TRUMP IS A DICTATOR AND A TREASONIST
.....Thank you Sir
. Thank you
thanks for continuing to speak out.
Even in law school I knew Fed Judges should have 20 year term limits they grow like you, old & stale as old bread lovingly made
Sander time for you to retire mr Wako
what about HRC&DNC she stole the PE from U& all of us U still have not spoke out against this, R U ever going to?
Yes so he does honored Senator
U know darn well why DJT called for this ban but U don't give a damn for America !
You should have told that to Obama
The so-called president believes in his so-called alternative truth world that he "runs" this country.So-call him out everyday!
the so called president has to follow rules to your not above the law
Except @HillaryClinton
Proud to say I have both served and joined you in a beer!
@realDonaldTrump ...& you're a so-called "president"...#despicable
what is a "So Called Judge"?  Either you are a judge or you are not. I am sick of the lies"Alternative Facts" !
Please by him School House Rocks, he might learn something
please tell me you and others have a plan to protect Americans and what we stand for? This guy has done tons of damage in 2 wks.
Bravo again Bernie for putting things in proper perspective.  All Americans ARE subject to U.S. law, even the president!
well the #dnc is above the law.  They rigged the election #fakenews
someone please make a cartoon for Trump illustrating branches of government
Thank you, Senator Sanders for exposing Trump for what he is; he's only a So-Called Whatever
#thankyou Senator. We need to reestablish the #checksandbalances sooner than later. #Constitution #government
too bad history shows us that tons of people are above the law. #realityvsrhetoric
it seems that you don't believe that. In your eyes ILLEGALS ARE! 
Thank goodness for checks and balances
@realDonaldTrump The God  & a thought that protects millions is certainly above law .
@realDonaldTrump Bernie the hypocrite. All hot air and no action.
seems like it is possible to be above the law.  America is in pieces over this issue. Law or Order?
Thank you!
Bernie - you should tell that to @BarackObama, seeing he very much did the same ban. But you wont. You arent man enough.
I don't think @realDonaldTrump is capable of learning.
@nicadispatch @realDonaldTrump dont worry when terror strikes... we know whose door we shall be knocking on...
trump just needs to learn to go around the law like Obama
coming from a socialist that wants to completely change our country
@realDonaldTrump but your wife was above the law when she ran a university into the ground.#POTUS
He can be critical of the decision. Wats da problem? I think the judge is a dumbass as well. Trump said it how it is.
The pantsuit is still walking around free so it appears she is above the law. #LockHerUP #ClintonFoundation
I knew this would happen. "Business" execs make unilateral decisions; chief execs do not. I HOPE IT'S DRIVING HIM NUTS.
The actions of a so-called President is about to get us all killed.
@jackaberlin Especially, the President; the American people are here to take you down!
hillary email much?
@jackaberlin Too bad he doesn't understand that or how the government works, or feelings, or spelling and quotation marks
Anyone standing up to Trump is a foreign experience he is not mentally/emotionally equipped to handle. It will only get worse.
The courts are our last best chance with a spineless GOP controlling both houses.
@realDonaldTrump bernie we know you bring good matters to the president and i supported u as a rep but let him do his thing. Shh
Thank your Mr. Sanders for standing up to that bully 
You should've talk tough to Hillary, maybe you'd be something
whatever...the opinion of a sellout old communist is totally worthless.
@Qbantruckr Well said Bernie!
he's "President Trump" and he has every right to protect us from any threat !
.@SenSanders Except for the candidate you supported, Hillary, of course.
Impeach DT. NOW!
I don't think that's a lesson he's willing to learn.
what's the difference between refugees and immigrants
He will learn the hard way and a shame you pulled out Bernie 
he's a petulant child a bully not fit for office
Thank goodness for judicial limits on the executive branch!
you are the best!
All of you politicians are above the law.  Stop the hypocrisy now.  You are no different than any Repulican. All full of lies.
H. Clinton made up her laws & Obama went around his. Where's the problem?
I pray you are right I have my doubts and fear the future
Pres. Trump please define a "so called judge".
Something tells me Hillary Clinton ought to learn that truth as well
Is it legal for a sitting president to host a fundraiser at a hotel that he owns?
Welcome to the big leagues Mr. So-called President. Now you can learn how our government really works.
Hell he should have learned about government before he was given the keys to the white house lol
well we know that. Unfortunately he does as he pleases.
