Obamacare is collapsing. If nothing changes, 28 million Americans will lack insurance by 2026 under Obamacare (according to CBO)
You don't understand that when insurance coverage is the goal, nobody is healthier, just poorer. Health insurance makes healthCARE cost more
By definition paying for someone's health insurance cost more than paying for someone's Health Care
You misunderstand. Insurance makes the care itself cost more. Different prices depending on coverage. Ask your local hospital.
That is why health ins. stocks worth $33 a share in 2008 are now worth $181 today. Insurance companies are getting rich at our expense.
That is how communism works. The connected get the gold, everyone else gets the shaft.
Yep. And I do not want it. Thanks.
Reporters need to start asking these pols how taking away health care for 50 million so they can cut taxes goes with their Christian beliefs
They will say this: God asks us to care for each other not the government.
You then reply: But I thought the country was founded on Christian values?
The feedback loop will cause an internal GOTO 10 error, GOP will need to be rebooted and debugged.
Not sure if it isn't too late - virus runs deep - may need to wipe Hard Drive totally and start over!
If switching to Linux wasn't such a pain in the ass...
Walker is the worst of the worst, he is not Governor, he is the lab manager for billionaires running experiments on the WI voters
Not sure they have contempt. I think they just disregard the intelligence of the American people as a whole not counting the GOP sheep.
Let them disregard, 2018 elections 27 months away.  That's why they are in a hurry.  Cause they want the tax cuts for a couple years anyway
Contempt. Obama said ACA only cost 900 bill, mandate not a tax, keep plan, all amer would be covered, avg savings 2500 all fraud and lies
@IndivisibleTeam @ResistanceParty
I also have contempt for about 63 million that got us into this #shitstorm
Scott Walker suffers from the preexisting condition of being smarter than rocks but dumber than trees.
No. CBO says they won't be forced to buy plans if they don't want too. Bit of a difference.
Tens of millions of Americans could stand up and stop this, but they just sit, so maybe it is their self-contempt that is the problem
Oh look, more lies from Gov. Walker! :(
Single payer healthcare, let's get with it! Is it really that difficult?
I don't know if it's contempt, but Republicans keep winning elections. I guess you really can fool some of the people all of the time.

POPULATION CONTROL FOLKS.......plain & simply. KILL  off half the population & BLAME it on them for being NOT RICH. I hope they BURN IN HELL
GOP has been playing this type of game w/voters 4 decades. They convince voters sky is green & grass is blue. It shows contempt 4 Americans
@kirtipatelmd A truly deplorable human being. Doing the bidding of the Koch brothers.
GOP crippled ACA by defunding
Then claim it's failing 
AHCA will Kill Americans 
GOP will make Millions
Why shouldn't they? They're never held accountable by electorate, aren't betrothed to facts, and perpetually in power. Why ever change?
well really there is no such thing as obamacare it is the ACA
Just when climate makes people sicker.
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR #GOPHATESUS #WANNABDICKTRAITOR #GOPPAIDOFF #GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP #SELLINGUSOUT #INEPTWH #COMPROMISEDPRESIDENT
The contempt they have for anyone struggling w/ healthcare issues is astonishing. After 7 years, dumping millions from insurance is the plan
No offense, but GOP played their base all the way to the WH. I feel like the GOP might be correct about the intelligence of its voters.
Their contempt is not so much against our intelligence but rather our belief that all men/women are equal. #ImpeachTrumpNow #ComplicitGOP
Not to mention that the @GOP COULD fix the ACA just fine...if they tried.
And to think they claim to be people of God.
They support the #7DeadlySinner
Obamacare went up because they refused to expand medicaid, &they are  not paying the amt's into the program to make it work #GOP caused this
This
Consider the source: @GovWalker is cut from the same corrupt chunk of "compassionate conservative" #WI cheese as @SpeakerRyan

Both stink!
They only care about destroying the legacy of the first black president. This is going to kill and bankrupt a lot of innocent people.
I'd say they have good reason to be contemptuous. After nothing but Republican obstructionism for the past 8 years, their voters turned out.
The human garbage DT/MP ticket won the WH, and rapacious GOP majorities were returned to Congress. What intelligence?
Also, it would work pretty well if the GOP had not done all they could to undermine it.
Looking at you, Rubio.
What about the insurer's pulling out?  There are states right now.
Unfortunately, many of 45's supporters are brainwashed.
If that were even true, it's because WI and other States have thrown up roadblocks/funding barriers to prevent ACA from working as designed.
How abt an HONEST convo to what/who is causing ACA to fail?

Let's get the whole, entire picture out. On the table. Truth unbarred.
Trump won didn't he? Pretty much vindicates the contempt. The average American voter is a complete idiot. Or at least 63M are
Love how they sabotage the system then say "See...it's not working".
Phony outrage.  #DrainTheSwamp
But in the case of their core voters, not unjustified.
What's weird is the sources of the problem (big pharma and insurance companies) are inexplicably ignored
His idiot voters agree with him that teachers and first responders are a bunch of moochers, robbing the state blind. They're complicit.
You have to remember that #BetsyDeVos is the Secretary of Education, so now learning math is optional. Just remember Jesus+Jesus = Jesus!
That's about 1 out of every 5 Americans who will be uninsured per the CBO under Trumpcaresless!
1 in 6, not 5.  Typo
It's because they have somehow managed to get away with it before.  Not this time. The people now know that the Republicans are in charge.
Rs are themselves wrecking O'Care when they could improve it without replacing it.
I think Walker believes the CBO when it helps him and thinks they're biased when he doesn't.
@Talon_Nouri
What a scam. And people will still vote against their best interest just because they call it "Obama"care
To be fair, their contempt for voters was abundantly clear to many prior to November. And yet.
Collapsing b/c they are forcing it to.
@GovWalker @SpeakerRyan DO NOT CARE if 22-50MM Americans lose healthcare- College dream 2 KILL Middle Class for 1% Tax Cuts @amjoyshow
Yes Gov Wanker 28 mil the same amt we have today bc states choose not to join the ACA and expand Medicaid
More likely 50 million due to this; May 23, 2017 - Trump Budget Based on $2 Trillion Math Error . David Wessel (@davidmwessel) May 23, 2017
Why would they fix what the 'black guy' did? He is BLACK! Geez!  
F*cktards.  They either think we R all stupid or THEY R just that stupid!!
Maybe GOP not just stupid but willfully ignorant
Medical coverage for Congress must exactly mirror the medical coverage average Americans can receive. No perks, no extras, unless for all.
The only reason it's "collapsing" is because admin is toying w getting subsidies out. Reassure ins companies, markets will stabilize.
that contempt has literally been their trump card.
Your Article on 5/1 was terrific; a rare piece of straight journalism. SinglePayer #MedicareForAll #Hillaryhadslaves #FreeJulianAssange
Ugh, Obama born in Kenya. How many people bought that BS?
You still think Obamacare is viable I see.
When is the march to the Capital in DC scheduled?
The @VP's tweets today were incredibly insulting. He agrees with @EricTrump that we aren't human. Soulless people. Absolutely soulless.
It's a shame the GOP has to lie.   It's the ONLY thing they are good at 
No. They are also excellent at hypocrisy and it's looking more and more like they are champs at election rigging.
50. Fucking. MILLION.
They don't "want" to. They're about $ & population control.
Voters brought us lawless Republican majorities in both houses of congress and Donald Trump? What is this "intelligence" you speak of?
It’s almost as if they’re banking on doing away with this pesky “voting“ business.
Trump and his corrupt henchmen are collapsing the ACA by intimidating the insurers.  You  should be prosecuted for robbing American people,
And well they should as they elected Trump and are standing by him.
Sort of like swapping Horsecare for Obamacare. Health care solution: *bang*
.@PGATOUR You're going 2 love @FAANews & @CLTAirport new shortcut routes over South CLT. Rather than fly out/around, jets now buzz Southpark
Contempt or understanding of their attention span and the loyalty of their base?
Tbf, Walker himself is one of the dumber people in public life.
Though this is kind of like being a 40 HR guy in the steroid era
Do you not have eyes that see? The Republican Party and all of your photos still support him by like 88%.
Their contempt is well deserved, IMHO. Especially old Fox news watching voters.
Afraid they know their base very well. Contempt for their intelligence is warranted.
You have to understand they're operating w/ a different set of goals in mind.They're not after care or health.They want more dependent ppl !
Well to be fair, Walker WAS a college dropout.
Hard for them to do anything else.  Ran on lowering premiums and deductibles.  Plus some guvs didn't expand Medicaid...ahem...
They are forcing failure. It wouldn't happen if they didn't cause the problems.
I still say let's try it and find out. Signed, an intelligent voter.
The victim collapsed when I strangled him to death. Why he committed suicide I will never know.
I think their contempt is justifiable.
that would you so happy, wouldn't it?
Need some kind of dog collar...you lie @GOP...you fry... Not real, but boy it might stop you from lying to us! One can dream...
They know some voters aren't that intelligent
But aren't they right about the electorate's intelligence? They vote against their own interests all the time
Old saying about masses incurably ignorant.
You mean their voters.
It's not "intelligence". It's (lack of) education, esp in critical thinking. More ed = less Republican elected.
When was a CBO estimate last shown tb accurate?
The modern GOP is nothing more than a propaganda arm of the ultra-wealthy. The party actively opposes regular folks. It's repulsive.
@AKimCampbell @GovWalker You mean if the GOP continues to deny subsidy funding! Walker is such a lying scumsucker from swamp
It shows me how much faith they have in the Fox propaganda machine.
The bots will repeat it until we are fighting for space with the truth
Scott Walker is the proprietor of the Koch Bros.' political colony known as Wisconsin.
kansas is home base?
Wisconsin seems to be the model. Elections stolen. Checks/balances have been systematically destroyed. Court system is a political arm.
Just a joke about where they're from and the "colonizing"?  But also Kansas has been their lab too.
Yeah, but even the Kansas legislature has had enough of the trickle down bullshit.
So they'll dress it up under far right anti-immigration banner of Kobach and try it again.
Haven't these voters earned their contempt. They can tell them anything, and they believe it. I can't blame the GOP for playing them.
Unfortunately it's largely paying off for them to assume that voters will be fooled.
Contempt? Or cynical realism?
Yes but the GOP bill isn't the law of the land.
Replace "contempt" with realistic estimate of the intelligence voters have as a result of cable news
Walker is a grade A asshat
The GOP believes that it has gerrymandered and voter suppressed its way to permanent power. They may be right.
I really worry about. Most of my state is GOP locked down. They sure don't act like people afraid of losing elections!!!
You see, he's not president anymore so if GOP wants to save it they can. Stop blaming BO and get ready to help Americans stay on their plans
Yep.  And if FL and TX would just expand Medicaid w/ a 90% fed match, that number would be cut in 1/2. But no!
In other words, Sargent is saying Obamacare will succeed if we just give it an open checkbook. Spend more and more. That is how D.C thinks.
The whole GOP brand relies on people voting against their best interests - until their 'base' abandons them, why should they change course?
They can all be insured if the prices are low enough and they make the decision to purchase it...
This make no sense Obama care collapse so there is no insurance 28 million uninsured GOP insurance plan 50 million?
If the "democratic" ACA dies, it will be by Republican intent. You will own the deaths of millions.
Scott Walker is a disgusting individual he could care less about people he didn't take the Medicare expansion for the state major degenerate
Hard to wonder why they should when enough keep showing up to vote for them and enough stay home entirely.
Just a thought, but haven't we already answered the intelligence question with the Nov election?
Duh! Republicans like him are purposely making it worse...and low info voters don't care till it hits the pocketbook
It's way worse in Walker's case b/c when he dropped out in 2015 he begged his peers to coalesce vs Trump. They should have.
@GovWalker They pretend the metric is universal health care, slamming the ACA, but then actively engage towards less health care.
Chat with 10 people who still support Trump.. #AskedAndAnswered 
They seem to have already filtered for the ones who don't know better and it makes me so angry.
I think you are way too bullish on the voters. Trump's election showed that old dude Socrates wasn't so off base about Democracy.
This is the part where willful dissemination of b.s. kills people.
True. OTOH these r the same voters who elected Trump POTUS, so yeah...
Hey, it's worked pretty well for them up to now. 3X for Walker.
My work doesn't offer coverage, without ACA I'm screwed, but then, that's what the GOP wants
U will get insurance in the market.
