So you like laws that Putin has signed into law of Russia?  You are against laws and policies written by Obama?
We are a democracy.  Public roads, bridges, schools, sidewalks, parks, etc.. you are against that?
America 2016 is the most civil rights we have ever had, unless proven otherwise.
ok now your thinking. I agree those are not good but insurance companies charge more premium for unhealthy people.
Which intern made that meme? Good stuff! Keep chasing ghosts! That's a good way to invalidate your legacy.
Russia hacked during our election. It does not matter?
That is untrue. That is why it's a ghost. No voting systems were hacked. The podesta emails were not hacked.
That's why no charges have been raised in court. It's because there is literally no proof. /1
But why do they keep saying it? Because that is the DNC's political strategy. To get people to think the /2
election is fundamentally invalid. And people just believe the narrative, rather than look into it. It is clear /3
That the evidence is not there. That nothing has substantiated the claims made on the left. But it is reported /4
A candidates email was hacked by a foreign power. Should investigate.  President should speak about it. Simple
one of the things I dislike about Bernie - joining the DEMS to talk about Russia
Russian hacking during election is not important?
someone hacked into DNC servers. DNC refuses access to FBI to investigate. I do not believe the DEMS
You would trust someone that insinuated a falsehood (intelligence agency) against you to look into your server?
The People need to know the truth. DNC is doing everything to prevent it and all their losses are becauseof doublestds
So you find nothing wrong with the FBI director insinuating 11 days before election?  This to me is very serious.
come on Team Bernie. You don't need to ride the Russian wagon. I doubt the average American gives a shit about Russia
Yes we do care. A lot. Trump asked Russia to hack his opponent & they did. We need to take our country back.
Why wouldn't Trump just get Americans to hack the Dems? He's a billionaire.
Or maybe evil genius puppet master Putin could have got Yankee nerds to carry out dastardly plot.
1)0ur best experts r in govt. It's an industry in RU. Hackers operate as small business as long as they only attack other
2)countries. They also partner w/Wikileaks, who provides release of stolen data. Wikileaks never drops info on authoritarian
3)countries, only democracies. Many in CiA believe Wikileaks is distribution arm for RU intel. I attended cyber seminar by
4) US experts and they pulled up deep web on auditorium screen of private hacker. You pick country, type of credit card u
@MigratingLlama. You mean Hil? Oh. She didnt make it
Make what
Prez
all UR doing with this Russia,Russia , Russia B.S. is push me feather to the right stop it! You sound like a establishment tool
Racist much?
racist ? WTF
pushed "feather" to the right? If you're retweeting Laura Ingraham, you're already there.
Sounds like you've found peace in your life through all the loving, healthy relationships you must have. So jealous!
What did you eat for breakfast? I had some Chex mix. It was just ok.
@Mariska  better friends then enemies with Russia
Your party is in precipitous decline.
What party?
He's an Independent, and the Independents are on the rise, so...
He caucuses with the @Dims
Didn't you already say that?  I'm feelin' some serious deja vous.
"Deja vu all over again." Immortal Yogi Berra

,"Has been a leader far more then our president has been."?  WTH does that even mean?  @Mariska #ClassicdoubleTalk
@realDonaldTrump was referring to Obama with that remark
Dems keep going back to the Russians because the press believes their BS.
DJT is dangerous to US. Get him out of office before he destroys Earth, democracy, allied relationships, the non-elite.
- when you owe a guy THAT much money, ya kinda gotta kiss his ass.  Only thing worse than a loan shark?  A Russian loan shark.
Prove anything you just stated, plz...
- try Googling it.  He's had loan after loan & deal after deal with Russian oligarchs.  Educate yourself.  Not my job.
There is no evidence? Thought so.. Pretty easy to manipulate u is it not? A few headlines and you are repeating nonsense like a bot
There is absolutely nothing wrong with these statements Bernie Sanders.

@SenSanders
We have a Fake President who does away with Tpp while signing his own personal Tpp with China & Kushner makes a400 mill RE deal
#Because he's a criminal who has ulterior motives 
So please work to unite all the Democrats in Congress to expose @POTUS for the lying, cheating, unAmerican crook he truly is!
Bernie, WHY are you joining the same Dems who tried to tie *you* to Putin w. this McCarthyist nonsense?! 
Because of evidence that something very strange is going on regarding this administration and Russia? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Right. Keep watching the MSM. Haven't seen a scintilla of actual evidence. Just vague speculation. Bye now!.
vague speculation ? You haven't been paying attention
Anybody who has actually been paying attention knows this is the biggest pile of BS since Iraqi WMD
You got a problem with getting along with Russia? Why you pushing the Russian story, Bernie? Lost all respect for you.
Russia is a powerful country, any sane person wouldn't insult them...
I believe he's going to emulate Putin. Please read my new post Elephant in the Room, I think you can use it on trump
#Espionage A independent #ThirdPartyInvestigation must be conducted please help to make this happen truth must come out
yeah it is time to investigate the former administration!
#BeenThereDoneThatFoundNothing
funny thing! Obama spied on a reporter and got caught!
#NotEvenCharged @realDonaldTrump will be charged and convicted of many many crimes when #TruthComesOut against him
see to believe after the last administration of criminals!
#Berniesanders #corrupt  #soreloser #trump is the #WINNER get over it
it's tough when the POTUS lost by 2.9 million votes and had Russian help and lies constantly.
#donaldtrump #won the election, end of story. #obama had him wiretapped most of the election. NOTHING FOUND
Why are you pushing for war with Russia Bernie?
@pussyrrriot we have a president who is a human anal wart
So you want Trump to escalate tentions with Russia? Like how Hillary wanted a Syrian no-fly zone? Tsk tsk Bernie...
please stop with this Russia madness. It only helps hillarys agenda for war with Russia
Please stop ....just please this is ridiculous it makes you look so shady , why don't U tweet about #Vault7 &CIA corruption
Senator Sanders love you but, seriously, this is getting ridiculous. Get back to real issues, stop this.
we're.done. You're on a sinking ship, Bernie. Did they threaten your life? You used to be more reasonable. This is bullshit.
kind of like how Barry hated Israel but was buddy buddy with our enemies. #twowaystreet
trump is a traitor to our USA , impeach him now & Arrest him as a traitor
like when Obama armed our enemies? Gave Iran nukes & sold uranium to Russia. If Trump had done that you'd join Schumer in tears
scary
Would you believe! Something is going on.
We should know what that is.
your weak Bernie
Stop doing the DNC job and fight for affordable healthcare, as you used to.
. As a Canadian looking in..I truly wish you had won Presidency. Trump is all about him with a side dish of hate/fear mongering.
@AdrianneCurry go away Mr Freebie
Putin likely orders murders, yet tRump ALSO claimed not to have talked to Putin or have a relationship! LIAR
@SenatorLeahy and WHY DO U INSIST ON COVERING UP MASSIVE OBAMA GENOCIDE OF CHILDREN & LGBT OF AMERICA & TAKE HIS BRIBES?
@SenatorLeahy WHY DO U ALL INSIST ON MASSIVE COVER UP OF A BRIBER WHO FUELED TERRORISM AGAINST AMERICAN ALLIES & NATL SEX ABUSE
@SenatorLeahy WHY DO YOU PERSISTENTLY HELP COVER UP OBAMA TPP WAS A CRIMINAL COVER UP OF HIS SEX ABUSE OF HIS RACIST BRAINWASH
@SenatorLeahy Didn't a country warned us about Boston Bombers while Obama pumped his fists TO CELEBRATE TERRORIST SCAPEGOATING?
liar Bernie. He was very friendly and presidential with all the world leaders he has met.
@pussyrrriot he criticizes not allies but slaves. Russia is not your slave. So that's it
which allies are you referring to fear monger? just spouting more nonsense I see. you want to demonize russia . we reject you
People currently are so blinded by their biased towards the party lines that they forget we are Americans first!
very scary stuff
Bernie Sanders never wanted to help Americans. That's why he rolls over for Donald John Trump. Because he Bernie is with Trump.
Bernie Sanders worked with crooked Billonaires, to lie and deceive millions of Americans.
@AUlady_ALL_IN NOT socialist yet burn....
You are a liar, Bernie Sanders.  You consistently put out false info, which is inciting more hate.  If you truly care, stop.
You defend terrorists and condemn our president. You're not right in the head.
Please don't vote for this bad replacement of the ACA.
and just gonna throw this out there Puttin is a badass Bernie 
bernie your a socialist/ who are you to say anything pal. you sold out your own base.
help us Mr. B. Sanders
blah blah blah propaganda
While you and other lefties prefer to start a war.
yeah ,just look and FOLLOW THE MONEY,,and it leads right to SOCHI,AND OTHER PRIME RUSSIAN REGIONS,,CAN U SAY OIL,TILLERSON
They do have a lot in common, afterall.
From Sanders disciple of Chairman Mao, Joe Stalin and Lenin
Sen. you're wasting time and energy. Go after his Mob ties, and get him out of the WH! Are you afraid to do it?
What incredible times we livin in! Commy Sanders wants the chaos of democracy insted of Communist order! Siberia can cure him.
Trump/Bannon not even trying to keep their ties 2 Russia secret. The limp-dick @SenateGOP @HouseGOP are enabling them.
@deanleh That's cuz T-RUMP is a mental case & a traitor, & in gen'l a crook. #notmypresident!
Sorry, #Bernie, but please stick to progressive platform people backed you for, and not drink the Dems McCarthyite Kool Aid.
Where did you go on your honeymoon?
@grandmamlewis they have so much in common! Beginning with lack of morals, greed, delusional thinking, both are pretentious,  
everything you are, Mr Sanders, they are the opposite!
Bernie, what the hell is that sign for . I heard all those things in context when they were said ...wow you really are lost.
traitor Trump
wtf
you were friends with the castros brother. Both criminals. Obama dealt with our enemies, freed terrorist sold uranium to Russia
Trump only said that Putin is a strong leader because he is. Not because he agrees with him or even likes him.
Why don't you stop all of the bullshit, Bernie, and try to work with Trump against our real adversaries?
OK trump LOVES putin 
So let's provoke Putin and increase the chance of thermonuclear war for no reason. Brilliant!
Where were you when Obama made his world apology tour.
waddaya know? There IS loyalty amongst thieves
Too be fair, his policies make it look like he's aiming to be a gross violator of human rights, too.
Smart
@POTUS @VP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr we have a delusional president! A very dangerous time for America he is alienating allies
@bohmish Yes his statements of praise, strengthen the likely hood that there was something going on during campaign
*Oct 20143 :|
@sdcurry when will this madness be over
,trump is a great danger to our Country. If someone does not stop him, I'm afraid what he will do to under a fit of rage.
Didn't @BarackObama talk abt #GoodTerroism when giving away money to #MuslimBrotherhood and Iran?
that yet another aspect of how the system of violence runs
you sold us, &yourself, out when you backed Clinton instead of calling her out for taking your voters names off the voting rolls
wake up Bernie, you call for political revolution, and when we rose up and beat the establishment w/ Trump", you turned on us!!!
focus on the policy substance issues having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing btw .! None of us want to go to ww3

and in the same breath he'll deny even knowing Putin. #realDonaldTrump is a two faced bitch!
And ASSERTS, publicly, that our former president has committed a federal crime against him, Brietbart-based "facts"
They both have the same dictatorial ideals
We a Senator that criticizes voters who voted for Trump, how come he only has nice things to say about whackos
@MMFlint @AynRandPaulRyan @FIRE_THE_FOOL This is unacceptable. It is time to protect our Democracy from Trump and his cohorts.
It won't help you to take out words of context in order to justify riots and "Engagement". People are much smarter than this.
BERNIE err both know TRUMP said he DOESN'T know Putin not sure they'd get along but hoes they will. That's better than WWIII
"Criticize our allies?"  Are you talking about Obama with Israel and Great Britain??
FFS I have had enough of Russian, I voted for you but now it just seems propaganda. Don't let those puppets put a leash on you.
Even people on Trump's own team think he's been blackmailed by Putin.
We defiantly need to do something about this ticking time bomb.  People are afraid to do anything!!!
he is a very sick man, our president....
@GOP #RussianRoulette #Russia #russiagate #Russia IMPEACH #Impeach45
you've been doing a good job of focusing on other things (living wage,medicare4all,taking Govt back from WallSt, Climate issues)
funny, you are suddenly cool with all NeoLiberal antics. I'm pretty sure TPP wouldn't just be used on butts if Clinton elected
also, he likely believes in aliens.. giving praise to Alex Jones, who thinks #lizardpeople run the world
.@SenSanders @SiobhanGeogheg1 #Trump sucks up more to former #KGB leader Putin than any other government official who wasn't chastised.
Thought you'd want to know that one of the quotes is dated October 20143. Just a heads up in case you'd like to fix it.
again trump is going off the information he is getting, and TRUMP WON. support voter rights support @POTUS
that's because he is in bed with Russia
to be honest, F%ck Trump aka President Agent Orange
Scary !!
ukraine access to the sea worth billions.  Ssme as Kuwait.
Donald Trump must make nice with his lenders, otherwise Putin or Dmitry may kill him! #TrumpRussia #KozyrRussia #RussianLoans
hmm Show us his taxes for the past 20 years. Where did all the money for his campaign come from?
Even worse than #Trumpty_Dumbty kissing Putins ass is his conspicuous contempt for Americas heroes, Generals & Intel.
Agreed!
you should give your followers their money back open your mouth with words stick your foot inside how best to describe you
kind of like a senator who gets screwed by the Democratic party and then bogs down to their McCarthyism sound familiar
His role model. :)
cherry picking old quotes this is getting pretty lame old man
Thank you Bernie. Thank you for remembering you work for your voters.
who did the Russian Ambassador sit with during the presidential address?
Please tell me that you made up the quote on the bottom. Otherwise sounds like desperate cry for help.
where did you honeymoon, again?
Vlad and Donny, BFFs!
He admires those that outsmart our country,including using our laws to get over,like himself.And the No one finds that's wrong ?
Bernie you know better then this Russian crap don't start sounding like an establishment Democrat it is so beneath you
Please supeon his tax returns!
Russia and Putin is not who I would brag about being stablemates with @realDonaldTrump
@ralphotto Russia isn't that bad. They only kill people that are against Putin. Trump would do the same if he could. All good.
so True
Putin is Trump's role model.
trump is looking to align himself w Putin to start  war w North Korea. Wouldn't doubt it for a second!War=BIG $$/power  for them
keep the pressure on for a independent investigation on ties to Russia!
. @SenSanders you're literally a communist.
WELL - finely an President in The White House - which BRAIN is functioning !!!
Keep up the good fight! We must protect ourselves from our current president. SAD!
What he is trying to do is to avoide A Russia China alliance, USA could not handle that it is better to have Russia seoerate from China

coming from a guy who couldn't even win his parties nomination! 2nd place is the 1st loser.
The S0ar Party!
That is because he has been doing business with them for years!David Cay Johnston book and Malcolm Nance book.If false trump sue
not to be too cute, what is incorrect about those quotes? how  Should the US deal with the second most powerful nation on earth?
Yes Trump is an embarrassment. I hope his voters and supporters are happy at what they have cursed us all with.
I had forgotten about that whole 60 Minutes interview claim, that he and Putin were "together" when, in fact, they weren't. LIAR
which allies has he criticized
paints quite a picture when you put it all together.
@CTO1ChipNagel isn't Putin, for all intents and purposes a dictator? Almost 20 years, including his other puppet Medvedev.
Trump has the entire United States in an uproar. From the White House to the streets. Not a good representative for our country.
: #POTUS #Trump does not support #terrorist #Muslims like you & #Democrats do. #AmericaFirst #MAGA #BernieSanders #BernieOrBust
congress won't take him down without more dems...will the DOJ?
@privace12 Because he is strIving to become an Authoritarian like Putin.
Trump is a very crazy person....
that's because #45 is suffering from paranoia. He's in denial, and he needs professional help. #MelaniaHelpUrHubby
Uh....  I feel like Trump could be pushed to escalate with Russia if the Democrats and others push this idea.
Trump called Castro a "killer" (1999 video) but praises Putin for same behavior
As a commie u must hate Freedom loving Putin b/c he is no longer THE KGB! RUSSIA IS OUR FRIEND. For now!
Have you ever "I keep my friends close and my enemies closer"?
doesn't take a degree in psychology to know he is a sick nut case who has much to hide n does not value honesty and truth.
That's it Bernie.. It's good to helpfully remind @realDonaldTrump of his previous thoughtful remarks, lest he forgets them ;)
