Wilders understands that culture and demographics are our destiny. We can't restore our civilization with somebody else's babies. https://twitter.com/v_of_europe/status/840724494113206272 …
he represents a district that's 96% white Christian w/38k incomes. He might be one of the few pols actually representing his constituents 
depending on your definition of representing, sounds right. One could argue many of those 96% disagree, & that it's bad repping
I doubt they do though. It's half rural and half small towns. Like, small
I'm sure a third agree, and another third would be uncomfortable but not complain. But governing also shouldn't include bigotry
Yeah but he's speaking generally and the bigotry is assigned to him with insinuations. What's happening in holland is unprecedented
disagree. His comments are plain as day. You don't tweet that if you don't mean it. He's a fucking piece of shit NAZI.
I'm not saying he isn't. I'm just saying people are taking that one tweet and saying it's mein kampf
I appreciate that you make distinctions. Truly. But there's no way he can make that statement & not be considered a wt sprmcst
No, shame on you, David Cilcilline. How many "refugees" have you housed? They don't want to assimilate and don't belong here
Karen, please tell me how babies are unable to assimilate into our "culture and demographics."
Easy, their parents raise them to adhere to principals of sharia law. See Orlando shooter; Somalis; Boston
y'all are cute when you ignore his clarification- he wants a "homogeneous looking" America
you can defend a white nationalist all you want, he's still a white nationalist
, not defending anyone. He can defend himself. But I gave you an answer that your brainwashed mind won't accept
You are acting like I don't have tons of context to put King's comments in. I do, and he didn't mean what you said.
will you act to censure him? Or let this slide?
So, you don't believe in free speech?
free speech means the government can't punish you for speaking against it. This is NOT  a free speech issue.
no? Who did you have in mind to censure him?
his fellow congressmen. Like the NBA fining Iguadala for his rant on Friday.
are fellow congressman part of the govt? And is censure a form of punishment? Punishment for what he tweeted? Are tweets speech?
censure happened today. This is NOT the government censoring a private citizen. It's fellow ... http://tmi.me/1fi04x 
It's politics. I don't believe govt should be in the business of punishing ideas, popular or not - congressman or not.
Blacks and Hispanics have their own Caucus... Being proud to be white European Americans is fine with me and most Whites.
No it isn't fine with most white Americans. Keep your hate to yourself and stop projecting.
@yashar I don' believe in this whitewashed term"white nationalist"Steve King is a neonazi.This statement is blatantly racist
You're a liar, but your lies will play well with your leftist constituency, which feeds on lies. @davidcicilline
@SteveKingIA I read/statement and didn't even think of race until I read the shame statement. Who's racist?
I read the same statement and immediately thought of race ie other ppl babies
You are any different than those foreign religious fanatics you rail against
No, it's an endorsement of preserving white culture. learn the difference. enough of your postmodern 'politics of diversity'
our founding fathers thought just like this do you know what posterity means ?
Thanks for doing the right thing - denouncing racism. There's no room for white supremacy in what makes America truly great.
A politician who avows an openly racist agenda is UNFIT TO SERVE IN CONGRESS, cannot represent only 'some' of their district, ignore others
Why don't you honor your Oath of Office and sove that #Resist where the sun don't shine? or leave the US permanently.
@SteveKingIA ... please don't ever call URself Christian again UR an embarrassment to all Christians.
Name one thing he said that isn't true.  Wilders/LePen will soon lead Europe back to greatness.  Our future is our children.
You are no different than the neocons that scapegoated the Islamic world when you scapegoat whites that hold on to tradition
Nationalism. Not White. If you don't like American culture why are you in Cong?
The truth hurts, doesn't it.
this doesn't mean third world anchor babies
45 has made white nationalism/supremacists feel supported! #ImpeachTrump b4 he destroys country please!!
@ShaunKing be credible and rebuke/disown your colleague to his white loving face
i can't believe corn can grow where this disgusting steve king governs. white corn only?
Your BS "whites" vs "repressed minorities" victim advocacy narrative is not any different than the wars resulting from 9/11
King should be censored and thrown out with the bath water.
What will you do about this shameful tweet? Will you work toward getting him censured?
You're the embarrassment. Nothing to do w race, liar. @davidcicilline
So what are you going to do about it? Have you told him what you think? Does he have any right to be in his job?
does Cicilline have a right to be in his job after he let illegals into the state that killed Americans?
GOP is taking away rights, destroying the environment and there will be many, many deaths/blood on your hands. Shame on you all.
Thank you. Please call for his resignation.
Whites wanting their own nation is racist, but totally ok for other races to want their own AND ours. YOU are the shameful 1
you are, of course, illiterate in English, correct?
@SenatorLeahy @SteveKingIA but Trump makes it so much easier for him now-do your best to curtail the damage
@SenatorLeahy thank u for speaking out..but where is @GOP leadership?  Mitch cant seem to take a stand..and Ryan..he's lost
Open borders for Israel, Davey?
And this tweet is an open endorsement of @SteveKingIA 
@Kristennn528  @SteveKingIA doesn't stand for Iowa. His racist, white nationalist doesn't represent America #unamerican
he loves the attention. It's really all he cares about. Poor, old, sick people (especially brown ones) are dirt 2him. Creep
you constantly side against Americans unlike @SteveKingIA who puts Americans first!
@AtticusinCanada Thank you for standing up to the ugly racists we have in office.  How do these horrors get elected? smh
cuuuck
That's factually innacurate and a shameful mischaracterization of his tweet.
you Tweet is an open endorsement of lying, stupidity and race baiting. Shameful.
@ItHasBegun2016 Thank you for speaking up.
DemocRats lie, just like MSM, w/such ease! Sickening2watch how they are willing2ruin the country 2keep gov power.Shameful! 

Yeah but Steve King wrote "The Shining" so there is that...
so only white people can embrace and propagate Western Culture ?  Are non white Americans unworthy?  Your tweet is racist
White Nationalism proposes national segregation. That's not the same as being skeptical of the benefits of mass immigration.
Didn't @TuckerCarlson make you look like a rented mule on his show a couple of weeks ago? #getquietandstayquiet
If he is a colleague you should talk to him  because you obviously don't understand the difference between culture and race.
An open endorsement of white nationalism would be an open endorsement of white nationalism. Grow up.
No it's not. It's commonsense.
You're either an idiot or a liar.  Possibly both.  THAT is shameful
No, it's not.
are you sure he's not just expressing economic anxiety?
.@davidcicilline Of course it's shameful, but please don't sanitize it by calling it "white nationalism." He's a racist.
Congress should w one voice demand Rep. Steve King resign. I know Republicans won't do this, but it is what should happen.
lol as you have #resist in your bio. Please.
& U R a danger 2 this country & her citizens. American culture & values R important 2 whites also. White guilt? Your problem
@SteveKingIA you all need to shame him and either remove him or disown him.
I am a conservative and currently a Republican. I'm so embarrassed about that faction of the Republican Party.
Thank you Sir.
Now if only some of your colleagues with (R) after their names would speak out against him.
if you actually believe that then you are too stupid and beyond help
slap the shit out of him. colleague-what matching sheets?
White Nationalism is good tho
no.. doesn't have to be white.. just not gay bashing, genital mutilating,  misogynistic ISIS  islamists .. #stopImmigration
so what are you going to do to ensure he doesn't have any role in crafting/directing policy through congress?
@WLD01 Ok David are we going to out progressive the Netherlands to get the moderate Muslims in Turkey to like us?
@SenatorCollins will you denounce this open racism or accept it as part of your party?
Every member of Congress should be denouncing him now!!!!!!
Apparently @SteveKingIA doesn't remember history... I do believe Native Americans were here first. Maybe King needs to move!
Thank you for speaking up.
call it what it is: white supremacy @BillMendocino
Sir,when U stand by &call SteveKingIA Ur friend&don't do something 2stop his hatespeach,Ur as quilts as his!
man you are in deep denial.
you don't pay attention to the world around you.
you clearly don't. Look at you defending Steve King. You're not a credible or reliable citizen.
Oh my god the HYPOCRISY David!  Will you disavow JOE F'ing BIDEN?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBTDcKkErPM&feature=youtu.be&t=21s …
Use Your Power
These frauds being critical of Steven Kings tweet are ignoring the Islamic riots in the Netherlands right now. @davidcicilline
Do something about it. Words are mot enough.
it's repugnant
David it's time we were like Japan / New Zealand / China and any other countries that protect their interests and heritage.
thank you for saying the words. @RepRickLarsen please go on the record against blatant racism in the house
@nayacutie This proves that xenophobia is behind actual or proposed  government policy.
@thenurse75 Everyone please consider donating to @KimWeaverIA She is running against @SteveKingIA and needs our help!
this is open endoresement of Eugenics ... more than white nationalism
thanks for speaking out, hope many more of your colleagues will stand up for American and against racism!
at least it's out in the open now
So what are the consequences for this type of behavior? #Shame
He deserves to be censured. I tweeted @SpeakerRyan with the request and hope you will press him to do so. Thank you!
What civilization does he want to restore? The antebellum south?  @davidcicilline
@carlhurdmba shameful thats all you can say ?  So you condone it and find it shameful.
and you never knew huh?  Never heard the remarks before? Liar
@carlhurdmba @SteveKingIA Thank you for speaking out against blatant racism. Reject #Trumpcare investigate #Russiagate
he needs to be censured
@Northquahog48 He's channeling "The 14 words." He's a virulent racist and I now look at Iowa much differently than I did.
@JimmyA_Shook1s @davidcicilline @Northquahog48
Steve King is like Al Campanis in 1987: trying to explain his racist-sounding comments by clarifying that he has deeply held racist beliefs.
Steve King is a Dick!
Vote Blue, save our Nation.Reverse GOP Laws,Investigate, and make Voting Auto register with no Gerrymandering and CU.
@minorcharacter This WH is what makes him comfortable making such an obvious unamerican comment.Ppl like him need 2b exposed
Call for formal denunciation. Do not let these words go unchecked or stand without official censure. The world is listening.
Yes...sadly he is in terms of content more or less right. But it would undeniably be nice to wish otherwise!
Well, this block was a long time coming. Have fun making white babies for the Reich. Take care. @davidcicilline
Thank you 
- Why isn't @speakerryan and other GOP leadership speaking out about King's horrible comment?  Shameful.
Thank you for saying this..how sad for your country.
Shocking!! Hold the line, Rep. Cicilline! #resist
Then censure him.
Thank you for saying so!
@Miss_Placed_ - Steve King is a Confederate flag waving racist - he's shown his true colors way before this incident
So is the Trump presidency, dude. Stop playing dumb.
Or perhaps he is just pointing out Muslims do not abort their children.  Why do you hate babies?
.@davidcicilline, Why are you & others NOT censuring him?? (Right, colleagues don't censure colleagues) Return to your playpen. @msunielsen
Good question.
Thank's David. If you see my rep @RepTomEmmer let him know I'm waiting on his statement too. He's been pretty quiet so far.

This is White Supremacy clear & simple. Whites colonized Native Americans, imported enslaved Africans, purchased Mexican territories /1
Its his culture! Savage.
@SteveKingIA #steveking
Do u support open borders, mass #refugees & mass #diversity for Israel, David? Or only for America?
there fore encourage him to resign
@jeanmarh20 Lead Congress to #CensureKing
Your colleague deserves to be censured. I've urged Cgrsmn Mike Thompson to move on that. I hope you consider this too.
Does the white race deserve to exist?
Being a nationalist sounds like an amazing thing. I encourage all American citizens to be nationalists!!
We all know who he is. What do you plan to do about it??!
What's wrong with Iowans ?
Oh, and while you're at it you'd better call out the ethnostate known as Israel.
The Naturalization Act of 1790 was an endorsement of White Nationalism. So start disavowing the Founders.
the only thing showing is your racism. He said nothing of white babies.
You are more offended by Steve King's tweet than you are over the thousands of women and gays killed in the name of Islam...
@thejossgroup It's cowardly David. Thanks for letting your constituents know.
.@davidcicilline I don't have a problem with White People.
Thank you for calling him out Sir. 
Now censure him.
odious.
What is wrong with these people? How do they keep getting elected?
how is this happening, honestly, have we not learned a thing?
Thank you @davidcicilline! Wish the @GOP would speak out as well.
@PrincessBravato @SteveKingIA is disgusting and should resign. He does not represent decent human beings.
what are you going to do about it?
obviously the congressman does not understand the difference between legal and illegal
It's no secret that the GOP would love to go back to pre-Civil War days. (with a preference for southern society).
@PrincessBravato 
where is the bloody Ethics Committee.  Words are cheap.
have any of your republican colleagues condemned his racist tweet yet?
@PrincessBravato Disgraceful!
@pcarenza > I believe you mean Protection of One's Sovereignty vs. White Nationalism.... .@SteveKingIA
What's wrong w/ nationalism?
@FifthHouseSun Steve King is disgusting,disgraceful,and un-American.  #Resist
@LoriJSchaffer I understand it now! Yes it is shameful.
.@davidcicilline @toddmargo you're wrong. It's white supremacy. Stop normalizing this behavior and enabling these cowards w this rhetoric
I would not claim him so fast.
Thank you for speaking up about white nationalist Steve King.There is no room for silence when racism vomits up that crap.
@coton_luver This is The Whole GOP it's not just white People they use them to line their pockets And lobbyists pockets
For all the condemnation this quote has gotten, does anyone think majority of his constituents disagree with the sentiment?
His whole feed is shameful.
Wait…where you been? He’s been doing this for years.
@lpbrown7 @SteveKingIA hey Xtians, aren't they all Gods Children? You people confuse the out of me
Why is it shameful to be proud of who you are, and why should I not be allowed to speak up on such matters ????
You have the right 2 speak but you don't have freedom from other's right to argue against you
#VeryFakeNews
@dcasapwarren he has been making the dog whistles and  statements for years. Why not censure him in the house
@chestnut_daniel HE SHOULD MOVE TO RUSSIA
Can congress censure him? @blackrepublican @SteveKingIA
Thanks you for speaking up and calling it what it is. We need more to follow suit.
US Congressman Steve King is a fascist. Can we start telling the truth before this engulfs us. #Fascisms
why are you afraid of fascism? It makes people happier
Throw some love (and 5 or 10 bucks) toward the opponent of Steve King, @KimWeaverIA!
Call him out on it David.
@ShaunKing Thank you for saying it out loud!
@ShaunKing If you're really ashamed, help @KimWeaverIA unseat him.
@SteveKingIA - Western "civilization". So much.
Show some balls in Congress instead of Twitter.
