so how come none of this has happened since u morons started predicting it to happen?
The fastest way to melt glaciers, fakevall evidence, alter data to fit your claim and lie
#oobio
you liberals only see a problem when it's being done by your chosen enemy. You don't hate when your fans groups do it
In Space  Scientific principles apply. Don't let Earth fool you.
I know it sounds crazy...but what impact could a mass shift of population from large pollution creating nations to less populace ones?
Mass shifts in population never happen peacefully. Millions would die.
Considering the effect Brexit & Trump have had on people looking at going elsewhere, this could be a rare opportunity.
Exactly 
@realDonaldTrump will be dead in 15 years & won't see the ramifications of his actions. He knows this so he doesn't care. What a legacy
Stop buying Chinese junks for 3 mos.  LOL
Aren't China and India the 2 biggest causes of global warming?
yes, and with tRump we will join them.
Per capita America is 1. We generate more pollution per person than the others. At least China/India are in #ParisAgreement trying to change
Facts and figures might be more persuasive, just sayin'.

LOL
What temp are we supposed to be? You've lost since according to predictions the coasts are already flooded
According 2 AlGore & original "GlobalWarming" scientists,NYC was supposed 2 B underwater since 2014 & arctic icegone.
ABC ran one special that had nothing to do with Gore. Stop believing everything Breitbart/Fox says.
I don't. I've been reading about earth's climate since I was a small boy. Wasn't till biggot involved that man was blamed.
or you know, more research was done and answers were found. Big money eyes is all about oil...
Do "bigeyes,  all about oil" include climate change profiteer Al Gore? Commonly known Al made bigfrom climate change issue.
"I don't understand it so they must just be lying to make money!"
Big Oil co pay conservatives big money  as climate change denials. Florida to NYCity coasts are under water. Melted iceberg both poles.
Maybe better to just say "coasts", so that folks don't think it's just the cities which are affected? Thanks for all you do to educate Neil!
loving how bring out the nay sayers that point and scream " he did it too!". Makes me appreciate what it means to be an adult.
what have you done to slow it in African nations or china where its 1000x worse than the USA? We can't take all the blame
Could you br referring to Singapore instead of China? Need proof. Please send link from credible websites
I have given you another view of the same Platonic coin!
China jumped in with the Paris Agreement on climate change and is transitioning to go green in the future
then open your eyes and educate yourself
you clearly haven't educated yourself on it. 
I thought yellowstone going off would be quicker myself, infact one volcano going off creates a lot more than man
That is false. Per National Geological societies of US and UK.
link?
https://volcanoes.usgs.gov/vhp/gas_climate.html …
That's not true. The fastest way would be to make MORE CO².
Not to mention to the release of Methan gases from the icecaps, that which cannot be reversed and is more harmful than CO2 #ParisAgreement
Pseudo-science, politically charged propaganda.
'Priests of the different religious sects, who dread the advance of science as witches do the approach of day-light.' Thomas Jefferson 1820
It is sad that nations of the world have to agree to something that should come naturally to all without a treaty or agreement.
He's not just magically make the world as we know it untenable, he's made this country into a banana republic with no influence.
Damn it Neil! We're human beings! I bet we could find a way to melt them faster if there was money in it!
luckily, most of Trump's properties are in coastal cities and will be the first to submerge.
He doesnt under the cascade effect b/c no one has explained it to him as compounded interest.
I'm sure Putin told him to so they can melt the Arctic and rape the resources like Trump aims to do in US #KLEPTOCRACY
You can't do anything Neil
Elect Trump... melt Glaciers
@SethMacFarlane Neil how do you explain the ebb and flow ow our planets ice pack for the life of the planet
If Governments listen to Scientists and do something about CO2 where else are they going to generate more money?
@SethMacFarlane Grrrrrrr. People have to remember we citizens have pwr to change world NOT govt. World needs citizens to step up!
Trumps its not so. He should know. He knows everything
please send to @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
@NetNewsBuzz I dunno, I bet giant blowtorches would be faster. Plus we can fuel them with endangered species bc why not
Hi Neil Wondering what ur views r on veganism? As u know land clearing, climate change linked from wo2go to meat production.
ps saw u 2 years ago in Melbourne.. awesome  
Ps if u haven't already watched 'forks over knives' 'cowspiracy' what ћ health 
I know a faster way, keep letting the liberal spew out hot air about Trump's win. If nothing else he'll show how messed up America is.
I'm defeated Neil. How can I look at this issue positively?
@illhueminati ANIMAL AGRICULTURE IS THE LARGEST CAUSE OF GLOBAL WARMING
It's not enough to just make light fun of the issue Mr. Tyson, we need to be active about it. Though, I admire your words.
unfit uneducated people! Piss&prints teachers! Cant comply with  & degree verification Yes u Need a gun©™®
When the intelligent man develops biotechnology, the primate uses his power to develop what will destroy humanity. Scial phenomon
And the fastest way to melt Ignorance is through education, and total empathy with all life forms and all things.
"Ignore scientists and do nothing to stem the rise of CO2" also the fastest way to bring on the 6th Great Extinction
@paladine Dr. Tyson what does this denier mean?
Ever think that's the idea to curb population? Shrinks usable land & makes war & famine an almost certainty.
Thank you and keep staying vocal! #notnormal
@SethMacFarlane is that how we saved the world on the retreat of the last ice age??
at least it would wipe out Trumps ass ets
unfortunately professor Tyson, some folks just can't or won't venture out of the cave of ignorance.
Oh please, there is NO scientific evidence to support this hyperbole!
how did you become my fave scientific type, quite simply women have survived.  Thanks for reminder Keep the faith.
it's ok, we can just build a wall to keep the bad agua out, right?...right???
you realise that trees need CO2 to survive right? Have done for millions of years!
Just announced: 2016 is the warmest year on record, 2015 is the 2nd warmest.
@Stopmessing_ love this lmfao just love this lol
@latimes & reduce the acidification of our oceans
.@USDOT Support %ofFUNDS forPersonalMagTransitR&D-cleaner,faster,safer transportation http://www.freewebs.com/prpmt1/  @nytimes @OccupyDemocrats @CNN 
Another way? Vote Republican.

x GOP x
in fact, we need more CO2, still too cold in NYC
there has to be a faster way! There just has to be! 
@OthalieGraham sounds like we're right on target. :-(
sadly
hoping we will see the end of this insanity SOON.
So, is Colorado Springs a good place to live now that the world's ending?
what about the scientist that don't agree with you about CO2?
Neil De Greasy Typhoid.
@pantygollum i thought it was elect trump and give him unbridled power.
Fraud. CO2 has nothing to do with glaciers melting. As a chemist you should be ashamed of yourself claiming such nonsense.
So glad to see my personal astrophysicist coming out with the truth
at the end of the day, it doesn't help to debate the if, how or why our planet is heating up. The numbers don't lie on that.
In the 1970s, scientists said all the glaciers would melt. Was it a lie or were they wrong. It did NOT happen.
and I thought the fastest way was to let Kim Jong Un fire off his nukes, but you make a good point too
Chinese is fleeing their country in record numbers due to pollution, maybe talk about how we can address that?
I'm confused. Has POTUS ignored all scientists?How do U know this?Did someone in your bubble tell you?Did Obama tell you?FACTS???
@SenatorLeahy to make this world safe again - from those who defrauded & manipulated Obama & WHICH Obama hinted acknowledgement
by getting Obama to believe that people love him enough that he can SIMPLY ADMIT TRUTHS BEHIND HIS LIES -- the ONLY
the ONLY WAY OBAMA's legacy can come out alive -- because his fraud is killing children every day & NEITHER
& NEITHER e his fraud is killing children every day & O NOR I CAN CHANGE TRUTH -- it's beyond him nor me
SAVE THE CHILDREN FROM TOM's fraud on O -- which O acknowledged --
- but O cannot hold on to save the children UNLESS he exposes the fraud O committed IN RELIANCE ON TOM's FRAUD
TOGETHER THEIR FRAUDS WRECKED HAVOC -- Children need & deserve to know that SO THEY CAN BE FREED BY TRUTH
ONLY TRUTH CAN SET THE CHILDREN FREE TO SAFETY -- NOT FEAR & NOT BELIEVING HE's LOVED ENOUGH LIKE TOM OR OBAMA
@SenatorLeahy why don't you join me
@SenatorLeahy I am for healthy air, healthy water, safe climate - free from toxic brainwashing cloaked in hip addictive delusions
Numerous religions & countless historic accounts agree the world flooded long before there was man to produce CO2. Next argument?
I LOVE YOU!
Thank you for all that you do for our county/world!
Welcome to South Bend! Can you get me on the guest list tonight? #brokeashell
In order to quell the melting and flooding wouldn't we have to reverse the earth's natural warming course we're currently on?
if the glaciers are going to melt so fast why did AL Gore buy a house 7 feet above current sea levels?
CO2 is not a control. Look back at previous cold ages when CO2 was sky high. Look quickly before @NOA and @NASA adjust the historical data.
@SenatorLeahy may want to relearn sir. Co2 is not the issue  at all. Water vaper is the problem
With higher water levels  .. maybe time to invest in boats or stilts
I would agree but a lot of what is happening is natural ,HUMAN INTERVENTION  is harming our planet
scientist are saying that for the money they get.  Everybody knows scientists are the top 1% #sarcasm
Yes, CO2 might become a serious problem. The numerate know the main solution so far is of questionable efficacy and expensive.
.@neiltyson not forget the destruction of ocean life with the drop in salinity.
If Trump wants to ignore science, art and education, ignore him. What is he without nuclear scientists? You have this power.
is to ensure the world dies with you.
DJT reminds me of my sociopathic uncle: "If I can't have it [all], no one can." Maybe the ultimate in narcissism ...
the scientist that think that the universe simulation, the ones brainwashed by politica correctness, suffering stockholm syndrome
Wish we hadn't ignored Noel Brown, otherwise we would still have those nations wiped off the earth in 2000 by global warming
Wish we hadn't ignored Paul Ehrlich, sad that the UK turned into small impoverished islands with millions hungry in 2000
Wish we hadn't ignored Al Gore's science team and Navy scientists, we might still have ice in the Arctic had we heeded the call
Co2. Carbon dioxide. The stuff you breath out. Just stop breathing. Liberals, gotta luv em. Lol
so we have a plan!
I see you twirling your mustache there.  Stop it!
Thank God the glaciers melted; otherwise most of North America would be under a sheet of ice.  Just think, no New York City...oh.
If it wasn't for global warming, we'd still be in an ice age.
But look at the construction boom.  Millions of new homes, 2 miles further inland.
It's gotta soak in. PLEASE!
Put greedy, self centered, vain, people in governmental positions!
Going back to watching early episodes of Family Guy to forget that today is really today.
...*sad face*
what took you so long to chime in?
The problem with co2 level is local and regional not global. Unfortunately the Arctic happens to be one of the regions lgly due to russia
Due to a lg accident in russia they returned to unclean burning of fossil fuels like coal and oil unchecked for years.They produced3x usaco2
Won't this help us when the next ice age comes?
amen
Haven't you heard scientists R lying about global warming Democrat agenda to try N beat Trump..lol
There is no conclusive evidence that climate change is due to human factors. Cyclic solar and astronomical factors more likely.
You planning on paying everyone's energy cost increases? Thought not. Easy to criticize,  harder to live it.
Exactly
@SenatorLeahy Wow that's heavy man!
Apparently u've not discharged a CO2 bottle.
"Being smart is what keeps some people from being intelligent."
--@neiltyson
The massive herds of dinos feed off of massive plants fed by a more CO2 than we currently have. We could feed the world
As a man of science you know, KNOW, the earth's land mass have shifted again and again-long before mankind.
I got my fig leaf  ready for Eden where are those nakes ...sssnakes
expand the atmosphere is what we will do Venus Airlines
@DesbraRon Perhaps we don't need a comet to wipe us out after all, given we are the crowning jewel of ???
Noel: making Wall Street money is more important don't you know?
Be doing most the coastal towns/cities in England a favour to be fair.
Let's just dump carbon black on the glaciers and be done with it.  Maybe we'll get serious about coastal flooding then.
so when the bad things happen they will pay attention? I wish twer so. Prolly blame gays and Pastafarians for it.
Trump is doing it right then!....oh....now sadness. :(
@dannykorcz as a green party member I dream of humans being in balance with the earth but as a human I know Greed & we're doomed
Here-here - well said my man! 
Until they can no longer eat, they will try to kill us all.
Would the inundation (look it up, @realDonaldTrump) of #MaraLago be worth it? Almost.
Govt=politics. Fastest way to destroy credibility: become dependent on politicians.Real threats or protecting one's rice bowl?
What about your admonition to "Question everything'?
@errollouis For Earth, this is the worst possible time for the worst possible US administration.
America is doing its part, its the rest of the world that needs to. we need not pay more for some others issues
Some folks are all about doing EVERYTHING as fast as they can. Even when it isn't good.
SecDef Mattis has your back and says global climate change is a threat to national security
This is terrifying that our country has a whole cabinet of science ignorance.
All life on earth flourishes from CO2. Wise up. The biggest culprit is H20. Let's ban water and tax it too.
Of course global warming is real but humans can do nothing to stop it as they are not the cause of it, it's called nature, really
Government dollars are corrupting science.
If only this were fact you would you seem intelligent. CO2 isn't doing anything to the planet.
@FunAtheistQueen Fastest way to solve it: nuclear energy. It's not the conservatives who are killing that.
Lets ignore the sun;s part of this.
Been hearing this crap for years.
no scientist in the world can explain if mans co2 is causing climate change. N when you finally answer that. At which rate?
@trintran Feels like the only way this issue will get resolved is if a costal city actually drowns. Which is saddening.
I'm holding my breath. Does that help?
too bad that retrogrades see this big problem as a socialist input, extinction with the flag "hate socialism" in the skull.
ok
speak truth. 

So true!
I've always wanted to live by the beach so bringing it closer to dallas might not be such a bad thing
The major Glaciers aren't going to melt, never have done , this is pseudoscience
Are you a scientist, Neil?  By all accounts, you've done little more than pander to the prevailing philosophies of your day.
: we deal with trifles, but we do nothing to overpopulation, pollution, things that will soon destroy the human race
Trees produce CO2, why not manage rainforests (lungs of the world ) better?
Stop Climate Poisoning!! Some people want those glaciers to melt for $$ business $$ reasons >:( !!
...sorry....I DO NOT AGREE with your CO2 premise.....michaeltrott77@yahoo.ca
It's OK, Putin pal Tillerson says it's just an "engineering" problem.  See: Elysium (2013).
CO2: It's the planetary death gas that plants breathe.
No Nation Will Beat Us 
We're the fastest!  
#WeAreNumberOne!
Oh, my shoes are getting wet...wait...what? But @foxnews...
what EXACTLY are you doing? Flying less? Driving less? Using less electricity? Pretty sure using Twitter increases CO2.
Neil you should try to get involved on a political level
"Scientific" data skewed to fit narrative. No credibility.
according to Al Gore, Florida should already be underwater 10 years ago. All of this is to undermine U.S. power
Dear science community, what causes ice ages & why do they end? Answer: "...umm, we don't know."
pretty sure the sun going supernova would melt them much faster... js
I didn't so choose Trump as an enemy, he made himself one. If you were smart, you'd renounce the lying fool.
