You're entitled to your opinion, not saying that it's right but you're entitled to it...
I didn't, just like a wet fart...
Oh, you're sorry alright...
What did I say wrong?
@BarackObama is and was a real president, not like the fraud that's in there now...
Yeah. He was all about words. No actions at all.
He talked a great game. Apparently some folks idea of Utopia is a smooth talking soul who doesn't do a thing.
The more you tweet, the more you display your ignorance.
The more you tell someone else about their ignorance, the more yours comes through...
Not really. A valid criticism can give insight for those afflicted.
Remark was directed at troll.
Believe me, I'm not a troll, and I will take the previous comment under advisement...
Thank you President Obama. We have fallen so low these days.
#Words
And as result, ISIS was born and Libya collapses on BHO and the drunk criminal's watch. Step aside adults are running the show
@Franderson2 @davidaxelrod YEP AND DANGEROUS 'DOGS' DON'T P_ SS RED LINES IN THE SAND. THEY BITE AND DON'T BARK!
And now to Saudi kings apparently.
#HILLARY WAS PAID $MILLIONS BY SAUDIS. #OBAMA LOVED THEM. SURELY DEMS DO.
I'm just pointing out the hypocrisy. What's your obsession with the past? Thought Trump said America 1st as he bows to King of 911 hijackers
DEMS R HYPOCRITICAL. WORLD IS SIDING WITH #TRUMP CAUSE OF RIDICULOUS MSM TREATMENT.
You heard a pansy give a speech, nothing else but empty words from a traitor
I heard Obama say a lot of things. Talks a big game but doesn't back it up. He damaged our country and the world. He was awful!
And that was the last time he stood up to extremism, which he considered a JV team.
https://twitter.com/NoahPollak/status/866348157306908673 …
Gee.... ISIS wasn't even on the radar 8 years ago.... It is the creation of your old boss, OBAMA and twice failed candidate HILLARY CLINTON
I remember a President apologizing 4 & criticizing the greatest country & strongest force 4 good & justice in the world 8 yrs ago in Cairo
Obama's speech in Cairo was an appeal to the reactionaries in the Islamic world not to the revolutionaries.
humble brag. We get it, you used to be important.
Obama sucked and he stills suck.. He was the Dems Pet and that's all.. used for his color to pass BS for a global agenda
Really ? You must have smoked that wacky tobacco with Odumba !
B. Hussein was very good at mouthing meaningless platitudes for the gullible
I just threw up in my mouth. #apologytour
You heard lies
And then he sent a plane load of money to Iran.
You also saw a president who 'led from behind' and broke the dam that unleashed slavery and terror back to places like Libya.
then gave money to the same nation whom King Salman blamed for spread of terror: Iran.
All talk no action….all he did was talk
@BarackObama apology tour showed them. Syria's Assad won Nobel Peace Prize, Libya & Egypt are liberal democracies & ISIS is singing kumbaya.
Who was that?
Yeah I watched the apology tour!
And then he droned a shitload of brown people.
Hahaha He didn't have a diplomatic bone in his body, just narcissism
Certainly didn't end well. 8 years of a disastrous policy of weakness and looking for forgiveness
WTF did Obama do?! Stop it
Oh please, Obama's MENA policies were terrible and his support for MBHians is shameful
@davidaxelrod this before or after Obama tuchaslicking the Saudi King? You sellout our people #shanda #TrumpinSaudi #tcot #TrumpIslamSpeech
and  Obama apologized for America. Today, a REAL President stood up for Christians, Jews, women and condemned Islamic extremism.
Never Forget
We all still really miss 44. Thank you for your service. #resist
ALL?  Hardly.  Many (most??) of us are thrilled that he's out of office.
Fair point. I was referring to myself and to Dems generally. So "all" is inaccurate
Thank you for that acknowledgment!  Have a good day.
That was his problem. " walk on water" Obama worried about everyone but the people in the US. He supported the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt
Apologizer in chief
Oh the Russian trolls and bots are out to play again......
In full force.
You have 8 years to draw from with Obama (Mostly Wins). Trump has given us 121 days of high drama. With not one solid win for the common man
I guess willful ignorance is a scholarly virtue for you's people. The great recession does not factor, so your numbers work for your illogic
I listened and heard a pompous, bloviating member of the faculty lounge pontificating.
Couldn't agree with you more- so done with the lectures
You clearly have a really BAD memory.... you should try taking Ginkgo Leaf
Umm, he was there. The video of the speech is widely available online. Pretending it didn't happen is not just disingenuous but ignorant
But it resulted in a worse world than was 8 years ago

As my dad would say

 I've talked till I'm blue in the face and I'm done
Then he pulled out of Iraq early toppled gaddafi, created a vacuum which created ISIS then had a Red Line that he cowardly didn't back up
Obama: I didn't draw the red line on Syria, world did..
Well set back and watch a REAL World Leader.....  IMHO
YOU ARE LYING...Bush 1 # 2, Reagan never were there with you, only a weak-kneed antfi Soros supporter who try to destroy America
Obama stood against law and order American jobs and Christians
# apparently you were dreaming because he did not do that he apologize your master is a coward, bully and a criminal and you know it spy spy
.After rolling over for the mullahs and allowing the gassing in Syria, only a self-interested fake takes Obama seriously on human rights.
But did nothing   Words don't mean shit
By his heritage in Indonesia, Obama was taught to lie. All talk. He sure didn't stick to that.
I miss that president so much.
44 is still my President

Democrats talked us to death in Vietnam while you're sitting in Paris drinking champagne and eating caviar

Thanks Nixon for getting us out
He didnt have the balls to put force behind those words. Did nothing about the Green Revolution, Crimea, or Assad. Abandoned Mesopotamia
And your boss was blasted by the right for the message he delivered in Cairo. I remember it well.
I remember Obama trying to install a Muslim terrorist affiliated government in Egypt. Those were the days!
You don't stand up to extremism by giving the extremist $4000.000.000!
Those were the good old days!!
The Muslim Brotherhood that Obozo helped bring to power in Egypt violated human rights and slaughtered innocent people.
You are awash in delusion or deceit. The dead Obama created across the Middle East can't be counted. The emboldened enemies were all of them
the executive order president-the king.. without XOs would have been left sitting on the throne without TP
How did the rest of the strategy(?) work out? .. in Syria, Libya, Europe, Russia, Chechnya....
Thank you! People pick and choose what they care to remember. This one might be bad, but the last one wasn't that great.
It's too bad that the finest Americans would never consider running for office. It's brutal. One has to not care about their family
This may be true, but millions felt there was no room for them under the establishment too. That's why he won. JMHO


Oh, that's rich. Trump is bowing to King of Saudi Arabia as we speak.
He is getting a medal, silly person.
What nonsense! He has his own money, unlike Hillary who made hers thru pay to play in her Foundation! Career politicians make $ on YOUR BACK
@maggiegosia And 8yrs later things are now worse and your side is trying to bring that here. Great job, all that talking is
Couldn't be worse than a Pres exposing classified secrets of spy embedded in ISIS which destroyed that operation.
Did you just wake up or something. You stopped watching reality TV and sports and took interest in politics......
when a man you despised got elected. Do I have that about right?
Have you always been so delusional?
Good luck with that happening in this administration.
Your amnesia kicks in
And threw America under the buss.
Dont rewrite history. Your boy was weak and ridiculed.  Not to mention beholden to Iran.
All talk, no do.  This is why Obama and his administration was the biggest waste of time for America.
Stop being silly.The Internet knows the truth, and you're lying! @HomeOfUncleSam @APLMom @Robeno @toddmr @SereDoc @ScotsFyre @flipsideloftus
Man -the the trump trolls and Russian bots are freaking out
Was invasion of Libya for human rights too? How are we doing now? There is no central government anymore!
That's why ISIS was born and created havoc in the middle east and beyond! Yeah, right! 
was that before or after the unicorn parade ?
Obama capitulated in hopes his "open hand" would not yield a "closed fist".  He expected to be rewarded for magnanimity but got nothing.
Well it didn't work. But still ... at least O represented freedom
And then the alarm clock went off...
Was that when he drew a red line?  Then did nothing.
@StacyOnTheRight David sorry to burst your bubble if Obama truly believed in human rights he would have never drone strike his own citizens
You fucking kidding!; Obama made a mess of the middle east; dissed our allies, screwed up Syria and paid homage to enemies Iran & Palestine
I missed that speech...you mean the one where Obama told everyone America sux and we deserve it? #youlost
How did that work out for you?
#ArabSpring
You also spelled @Ed_Miliband name wrong and charged a lot of money for losing an election. Thanks.
And then the JV team became the varsity. So your assessment of what you witnessed is verifiably incorrect.
And how did that work out?
Idiot
How do you stand up to extremism by never mentioning the word? #ObamaGate
Right, that was before sending billions of $ to enable the Iranians to continue sponsoring terrorism. Follow the $. We know Obama's intent.
And you all continued to sit as 500k Syrians were killed and as Obama dithering gave Russia a renewed foothold in ME region.
The same guy who gave billions to Iran, promised Russia flexibility and raised arms with Castro? That guy?
Obama: Lord of war (like Trump)
Nonsense
How did that speech work out??? How many terror attacks on American soil under @BarackObama
When has Trump stood up for human rights?
Then he and you withdrew troops from Iraq and watched as hundreds of thousands died in Syria and millions went homeless
But yeah, great on the human rights rhetoric thing
Just b4 Janus, goaded by his perfidious QueenofChaos bombed the fuk outa Libya for oil & gold, floodg EU w/refugees:
Are you talking about George W Bush?
Standing up to students is equivalent to standing up to world leaders?  Really?
And he talked but NEVER COULD WALK IT though could he? Failed
Except when president you supported openly supported Muslim brotherhood. May want to retract that tweet.
It was a good start, pity the follow through left so much to be desired. Good intentions were not enough.
The road to hell is paved with good intentions - Socialism in a nutshell.
Yes a complete fraud
But what did he do other than stand and give a speech?
And DID less than nothing. #WorstPresidentEver
No, you heard a pathological liar who couldnt care LESS about human rights...
so are more arabs free and living in peace than before the obama presidency. Thats the measuring stick genius. #reagan
That was a real President!
No you didn't.
He mentioned hijab but did NOT say a word about stonings, honor killings or targeting/killing of gays, etc. So don't get too carried away
....then threw a stick of dynamite at them and walked away
Has anyone sane made the case in one article how Obama’s foreign policy was successful by some objective measure? I’d like to read it.
Must have been Bush's last speech because the Obungle apology tour sure wasn't what you're saying.
By apologizing and tearing down America. That's not what a leader does. It's what an apologist does. Oh. How did that Arab Spring work out?
No president in the history of the USA brought more death and destruction to the middle east than Obama did.
Hahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahgahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!
This is a joke, right?
To bad he did not stand up for human rights in Chicago. Dependent abuse and murder became Obama's legacy.
Did he get 55 countries &King Salam 2sign and agree to end defunding all terrorist &Iran &fight them. No billions at night sneaky to Iran
And then, the Arab Spring happened. And Beghazi. And a line in the sand that meant nothing.
Do you have an answer for why that happened?
Feels like an eternity since Obama was leading us. I miss his integrity, compassion & intelligence. We're going backwards now 

#Impeach45
And made an apology...
Now I don't care who u r ...that's funny...good joke!
And then he did nothing about either one for 8 years...Bravo!!
did you learn anything today?  No apologies from US vs what you did.
Delusional? The text of the speech is online
Your memory fails you.
Yawn .... we get it you and your boy support Iran and the mullah's
He spoke and no action for 8 yrs. dumbest ever!
This president @realDonaldTrump complemented him on his shoes!
Nice try.
How did that work out? Cc: Syria, red line blah blah blah
Sort of...
Yet this one gets a warm reception… Makes one wonder whether they're really our friends at all
He vowed and kissed ass to whom?  How did that all work out in newly divided US? 2 bad he couldn't stand up 4 THIS country
Solid tweet!
Today we watched a President do the same, WITH the support of MEast nations. Historical time.
Obama was great at speeches, but you have to admit, relations with the Muslim world got much worse on his watch.
How did that red line work out. Traitor
David, this is Business as usual? We've been here Before? Right?,, Inspiring minds gotta Knoe
Funny, I heard him say I am one of you!  And he invited the Muslim Brotherhood.  We know who Obama supported.  AND it wasn't ISRAEL
I wonder how the tens of thousands of Syrians killed after Assad crossed the "red line" would feel Obama "stood up for human rights"
And don't forget that he Bow and Apologized.
Please. That president gave Iran billions to spend on murder and terror.
You wont hear that from worst ever
and witnessed him deliver cash to Iran
And how did that turn out?  More terror throughout Middle East and Africa!  The "jv" team expanded. 
Epic fail of leading from behind.
Obama was a pussy and a disgrace. History will show how bad of a leader he was. He led from behind, because he was a wimp. Never had a job.
You mean the Arab Spring speech that proceeded to open the gates of hell?
Obama fart-sniffer still sniffing Obama's farts.
Well... you're half right...
The half of your tweet before courageously...
Let us hear it again: President Obama at Cairo University. 
http://americanrhetoric.com/speeches/barackobama/barackobamacairouniversity.htm …
Sure tell of a liar: self-important diction. "Gilded hall" for D'oh-bama; "tacky gold" for Trump. #fraudalert #Dumbocrat
And then that President  did absolutely nothing about extremism and it has spread to 28 countries all over the world.
Sure ya did, David... Time to step back and let the real American lead. Ok? Go take a nap or something. #Irrelevant
Now tell us how Egypt fared after that speech to today Dave...
You and I seem to have one large fucking difference in how we define standing up FOR human rights. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/civilian-deaths-drone-strikes_us_561fafe2e4b028dd7ea6c4ff … Retire!!
And we sat at home and watched him pee away the strength and might of America overseas!
Yea.. how did that turn out for Egyptians?
You are Fake news  #yellowjournalism
I'm so scared what he'll say.
You must be deaf.
And then he spent his two term presidency not backing up his words with actions. #GoAway #StopTalking
And extremism grew under Obama, as did human trafficking.....
And how did that all work out?
President OBama stands for America and for all that is right. Trump and family are grifters. Empty shells
While he funded ISIS.  But you losers do you.
You're embarrassing yourself, Earl!
That's just how your brain happens to interpret nightmares.
Now your forever linked with the worst prez in history, congrats.
Exactly!!!!
And his actions were exactly the opposite. He supported extremists and our enemies
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
You sir are a story teller.
And then sat and watched him do just the opposite for 8 years. Waxing poetically doesn't change the facts.
And sold out our decades long allies across the Middle East.
and supported Iran..yea we rememeber.
Yeah he gave a speech then refused to follow it up with any actions. That's the story of Obama.  How can you not see this on reflection?
I was supportive then too but after 8 years of total lip service, I couldn't dare support another lip service candidate. Trump will #MAGA
Hahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahaha
And then you woke up, dreamer.
That man was a global citizen, not a social rapist for profits.
