2 hours after SCOTUS gutted Voting Rights Act, Texas implemented voter ID law where you can vote with gun permit but not student ID
A month after SCOTUS gutted Voting Rights Act, North Carolina passed country’s worst voter suppression law https://www.thenation.com/article/north-carolina-passes-countrys-worst-voter-suppression-law/?nc=1 …
2016 was 1st presidential election in 50 years without full protections of Voting Rights Act http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/welcome-to-the-first-presidential-election-since-voting-rights-act-gutted-20160623 …
There were 868 fewer polling places in 2016 in states that previously approved voting changes with feds https://www.thenation.com/article/there-are-868-fewer-places-to-vote-in-2016-because-the-supreme-court-gutted-the-voting-rights-act/ …
There were 26 presidential debates in 2016 but not a single question about gutting of Voting Rights Act
99 bills have been introduced in 31 states in 2017 to make it harder to vote https://www.brennancenter.org/analysis/voting-laws-roundup-2017 …
More states have enacted new voting restrictions in 2017 than in 2016 & 2015 combined https://www.brennancenter.org/analysis/voting-laws-roundup-2017 …
How to fix voting:

automatic + election day registration

restore Voting Rights Act

independent redistricting

overturn Citizens United
This nation is coming down to a people's Revolution get ready!!!!!
http://www.dps.texas.gov/DriverLicense/electionID.htm …
leave it to texASS to allow gun owner IDs but not student IDs but glad you're proud Kelly 
Student ID doesn't show address lady. And not valid ID
when using a student id card you can use a piece of mail or something with
I'm very proud.  And it's easy to vote here http://www.votetexas.gov/register-to-vote/need-id.html …  Read FAQ #3 & #4. You're just believing lies & propaganda.....
if they have a provision for disabilities they should have one for students 2
Being a student is not a disability.  It's not hard to get a state ID.  Get over it.
Good, we need to make it impossible for people to vote illegally. I stand with you,!  ID needs to be required to vote! Legal citizens only!
do you agree that these IDs need to be of no cost and easily accessible?
Of course. But not having g an ID is no excuse. Ppl have lots of time to get one, and most have had them.. vote in '18? Get ID now. Why wait
No cost.. no. They are very cheap already.
Why do you think they should be free?
why do you think they shouldn't? You think people should pay to vote? How economic of you
No. IDs cost $ to make, it's fair to pay your share.
And, voting is free.
Great, although depressing, thread. #resist

Sunday is 4th anniversary of Supreme Court decision gutting Voting Rights Act. Here’s what’s happened since then 
This is where @TheDemocrats @DNC @SenSchumer @TomPerez should spend money. Go after folk who didn't vote. Restore democracy & patriotism.
Agreed! Dems fix this mess. Or you won't win again.
Let's not forget, Roberts in defending this, said racism no longer exists. He lied.
The entire GOP is built on racism.
Don't forget sexism!
Great thread. Thanks @AriMelber! 

@realDonaldTrump, @GOPChairwoman-actions speak louder than words. No room for racism in @GOP- Fix this
"These Three Lawyers Are Quietly Purging Voter Rolls Across the Country"
http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/07/these-three-lawyers-are-quietly-purging-voter-rolls-across-the-country/ … #EndVoterSuppression #UnhackTheVote
If you don't have a drivers license or valid identification you shouldn't be able to vote. But then the dems. couldn't have dead people vote
This is the most important strategy for the Dems right now. Focus on census, re-districting, and getting out the vote. Forget the protests.
Oh, and the head of the US Census Bureau quit not that long ago...
And the ETHICS department head left. More fascism and Rump lovers can't see it and they don't care. They wave flags, sit in 1st pew of
Thank you for compilation.
Trump and his voter fraud commission are looking to wreak more havoc on voters rights.
If you hate external interference in our elections, you should be freaking crazy over this! Self-inflicted damage aimed at most vulnerable.
Voting rights should be the most protected right in any country. Health Care should be the second most protected right...protected by votes.
Don't forget FREEDOM of SPEECH and PRESS, it is the first amendment after all !
BS
@Scotus You had as much to do with our current enviroment as Putin.
OMG.  People can vote in Texas  http://www.votetexas.gov/register-to-vote/need-id.html …
If Crosscheck hasn't purged ithem from rolls, they haven't been gerrymandered out of district & didn't know. Only way GOP can win is cheat!
What happened was Trump was elected. Case closed. Democracy barely on life support.
Result not cause
.Both result and cause- the problem is snow-balling.
Thank you both for spreading the word about this
I'm with you all the way. Voting rights are what we need the most. Dr Z
Texas closed 410 of them  #morningjoe #morningjoe  #theview
What a bunch of shady bs ! along with that outdated electoral college bs ! every vote should be equal no matter where you live omg 
http://www.dps.texas.gov/DriverLicense/electionID.htm …
I have a question about the Shelby case. How can that decision, and risk assessment sentencing simultaneously exist?
It just seems odd to judge crimes based on actions of past criminals. But not judge a government on past actions of said government.
Especially when acknowledging these past criminals were biasly targeted by this past government.
Perhaps it's an apples to oranges comparison. It just all reads awkward. I also may be misunderstanding the ruling of the Shelby case
But it kind of reads like they're saying racism doesn't exist anymore, or at least not enough racism to require such preclearences.
Yes that's what it was (facetiously, falsely) asserting.
It doesn't have to be true and it doesn't have to make sense, but that's exactly what they're fobbing it off as. Pure BS.
a state id is minimal cost and is fairly easy to obtain. if a person wants to vote in a govt electon why is a govt id an issue?
state IDs cost more than the poll tax that was ruled unconstitutional.
If you want to participate in govt shouldn't you be all in? Filing your state or federal taxes to vote seems fair as well.
This is why the right leaning activist court is so freaking dangerous and a threat to democracy. Because conservatism dies in democracy
This may be a bigger factor in the 2016 election and may keep the House and Senate in Republican hands.
http://www.dps.texas.gov/DriverLicense/electionID.htm …
What are the restrictions?
Only certain kinds of I.D.s (e.g., a student I.D. not considered valid), Cross Check throws people off voter rolls, fewer DMVs w/fewer hrs.
Short hours and closing of DMVs make it hard for working poor w/no car to get in to get I.D. Fewer polling places in minority/Dem heavy area
This happened in MI: voting equip broke w/ already long lines. Provisional ballots offered usually not counted. People left to go to work.
Poor and POC more likely to be targeted and arrested, so many states refuse to allow many felons (who served sentence) to vote.
This is voter suppression. This is why the GOP target certain populations (Dems)  w/these laws. Jim Crowe rises from dead in current GOP!
One person one vote is the mechanism  that has the faith of the governed . It must be protected. Only way is with voter ID.
These laws weren't meant to solve a [non-existent] problem, but to gain an unfair advantage at the cost of targeted citizens' right to vote.
New Amsterdam through the Carolinas, spreading like an infection, leisins (idk) accross the land
You forgot Iowa...
I understand this is all horrible. 

But my real takeaway from this is "WTF Rhode Island!?"
Makes sense. Must go through background for CC permit check - citizenship is confirmed. Student ID do not require background check.
Thank you Paul! Every legal U.S. Citizen should be allowed to vote. It's a right that has to be protected. God Bless America
Crosscheck cheating gave us #FakePres
Any descriptions that use the terms "gutted" or "gutting" are never to be trusted.
let's just gut you, ok?
Nice. Please avoid congressional softball practices.
The US isn't and has never been a democracy
To be fair, Kansas shouldn't count. Yes, couple Dem governors, but Kansas is redder than fresh blood and has been all my long life.

Of those States, only 3 stayed Blue in 2016: New Hampshire, Rhode Island and, surprisingly, the Southern State of Virginia.
Is just incomprensible that could happen in any state ! But them they don't want inestable persons to take bad decisions, mountain of 
An overwhelming majority support voter ID laws. Even minorities.
See? The map didn't include Rhode Island, it HAD to be discriminatory. Hmmm. #TheResistance
But her emails!
And you assuming that black people can't get a state ID isn't racist at all.
Name one American who does not have a photo ID? Old need it for medicare. Poor for welfare. So?
Sweet!
My heart breaks for my country.
http://www.dps.texas.gov/DriverLicense/electionID.htm …
Theres only teason for not having an ID, you know and I know what it is.The left pushes for this bc they can only win elections fraudulently
How tedious. Don't you have a jug of koolaid to swig?
You insult for the same reason Voter ID proponents are labeled racist, so you can shut down a debate that you can't win.
No. It's because you guys keep shovelling the same junk over & over and never manage to provide a shred of proof.
Proof is what you gaive to the DMV to get an ID!
Somehow though there's never huge condemnation of the people caught voting twice for your guy. 
Comical.
I often wonder if the SCOTUS justices ever reflect on the results of their actions both on Voting Rights Act & Citizens United. Obama knew.
1 OF THE REASON WHY TRUMP WON    RIGGED
Those voter restrictions are called 'Voter Identification'. The US is the only country in the world which doesn't have them all over!!!
Enraging !
The GOP are playing for keeps and doing whatever it takes to be a permanent majority.
You know how Republicans are giving States the choice to opt out of Medicare expansion? How long did Texas wait to act on this decision?
What restriction is there on voting in Nebraska and when was it enacted?
This is disgusting, one @GOP trick after another
PLEASE SUE THEM
@ACLUofKY @ACLUofGA @ACLU_MS @ACLU_NC @ACLU_SC @RIACLU
This is disgusting, one @GOP trick after another
PLEASE SUE THEM
@ACLUNorthDakota @aclumichigan @ACLUofIL @acluohio @ACLUVA @aclutn
Sue them for what?  http://www.dps.texas.gov/DriverLicense/electionID.htm …
This vile institutional racism must be reversed. Along with gerrymandering & dark money, this is how we get extreme, unrepresentative gov't.
Its kind of racist of you to think black people cant get an id...or find their way tonthe DMV....shame on you.

Something else also happened.
http://www.dps.texas.gov/DriverLicense/electionID.htm …
@Unpersuaded112   Trust me the other purple states will be next!  They couldn't do all of them right away!  Too suspicious!!!
@IndivisibleGA11 I have a conceal and carry permit and I don't own a gun.
GOP Voter suppression by is huge. GOP should try to earn votes based on their ideas not by cheating via voter suppression.
@nkjemisin Never ever surprised AL is on a graph like this. Will purchase 5 legal IDs for others when I get home.
Supreme Court seems to be doing anything in their power to concentrate power in the hands of the few.
Good decision. Ensures voter integrity and makes sure people who are here LEGALLY and are citizens actually vote! #Pathetic
What historians may one day call the Roberts Reconstruction.
How do we stop this and change the law
http://www.dps.texas.gov/DriverLicense/electionID.htm …
And... Surprise!...the GOP won.
when allowed Dixie could not back to 1965 fast enough

Wish I could do an angry face on Twitter
I truly don't understand- IF YOUR A LEGAL ANERICAN WITH A VALID ID U GET TO VOTE- IF NOT SORRY GET A VALID ID! ANYTHING ELSE IS DISHONEST!
Deliberate voter suppression by HOP is why they will. Pay workers a living wage, or time off 2 vote, with pay & watch map change.
and in the years before this they have been adding voter ID laws all over the nation
blee you man, cuz you're on a roll 
Add Iowa to that for next time. Our newly all R legislature enacted photo ID, shortened early voting, and removed party line voting,
STOP IT THE DEMOCRATS HAVE WON WANDERED OFF THE PLANTATION. YOU WILL CONTINUE TO TAKE THEM LOSSES ALL OF THE NATION!!!!!! YEAH!
And 1...2...3...
There goes Democracy.
One more Trump @Scotus appointee
And it's done.
http://www.dps.texas.gov/DriverLicense/electionID.htm …
And none of those states were critical to the election.
Missouri used the 2016 election time to also pass our own new voter id laws as well smh
Virginia isn't Red. Just saying. I do support voting rights but that map is funky.
Why do they have to cheat to win? Oh right. Because they suck and don't care about people
Sadly VA, is included in madness the youth of the world is going to have to Undo the fuckery created by FEAR in the name of conservatism
http://www.dps.texas.gov/DriverLicense/electionID.htm …
  
Rewrite this factoring in the recent SCOTUS backhanding to NC which TX WI and GA are probably going to suffer from. #theresistance #resist
@Greg_Palast
http://www.dps.texas.gov/DriverLicense/electionID.htm …
there are 99 proposed laws in 31 states right now that want to suppress more voters...
So illegals not voting turns states red.  Shocking revelation
John Roberts is a right wing ideologue
Idio- something yeah
For those with endless to blame HRC, this might be an ingredient to mix into your stew.
Brutal gutting of Democracy by the GOP, and the wealthiest few
I get that you DEMOCRAT losers want your ILLEGAL SWING VOTES back. Not happening. If you can't prove you're a CITIZEN-FARK OFF or DEPORTED!
I keep seeing NH on this list, but when your voting laws say I slept on my buddy’s coach last night so I can vote today maybe change is good
We fought hard, but Kobach is our State Dick.
Loose voting laws elect democrats because it's nearly impossible 2 detect someone voting more than once.  A liberal loophole they exploit
Where's the DNC?   This needs to return to court.
http://www.dps.texas.gov/DriverLicense/electionID.htm …
So SCOTUS allowed THIS & the ending voter suppression tactics? WTF!
One very important change you missed.... Change voting day to the weekend for all elections
Thanks @JusticeRoberts - guess you gave GOP their dream,ability to SUPPRESS the VOTE is now LEGAL because of YOU-happy? We're NOT #VRAredux
He doesn't listen to you, to us. He hears who he wants to hear. He. Doesn't. Care. When Justice Kennedy retires on Monday, adios fairness
I know u're right,wish we could move to CanadaNever thought I'd ever b ashamed of my country, Dems ignored warning signs,WE HAVE TO #FIGHT
Didn't think we'd have 2 #FIGHT last century's battles ALL OVER AGAIN-Voting,labor,women's,LGBTQ rights ALL OVER, BO warned ,WHY IGNORED?
Yes it's been 6 months-get over it?But 2 C destruction wrought by GOP, truly shocking, the hate, ignorance, bigotry #Constitution where R U?
IMO election WAS COMPROMISED/STOLEN&we have no mechanism to fix it,WE MUST NOT FORGET when Dems get back in majority WE NEED 2 FIX IT #FIGHT
Sugar, most of us won't still be alive if the Dems ever manage to get back into a majority. Like you said, we have no mechanism.
So interesting,.  Looks like a Colonial map
Good. No more Democrat voter fraud
Good thread.
Name one thing of significance that you don't need an ID for. Why do you libs think voting should be the only thing you don't?
If they weren't threatened by your vote, they wouldn't work so hard to take it away.
The dirty South at it again
I dont get this in the US. In germany we get the letter to vote, go in with our passport. Checkmark what we vote for and put it in the slot.
Voting machines are stupid too, can be hacked. Paper vote cant because you just drop it in a damn box and count it. US is weird.
I'm guessing there are loopholes in the 14th & 15th Amendments.
Thanks for continuing this crucial work.
Lest anyone suffer the delusion the rule of law is anything but the application of capitalist force.

#JohnCrow is the new #JimCrow with John Roberts SCOTUS blazing the trail.
#RegisterToVoteAndVote
Who needs Russia screwing with our elections when the GOP have implemented a nationwide strategy to suppress votes. A failure by journalist
AND this voter suppression map doesn't shock me at all....
Rhode Island was a little weird, but I agree.
Certainly brings their state flag "Hope" into question.

Corporate money has silenced my voice and many others lets get dark money out of politics!
Good luck
In 2018, when we're back, if we don't do away with this and the EC, our democracy is literally doomed!
If you do away with the EC, you'll 'doom our democracy'. This argument was settled 240 years ago. Move on.
2 others, Ohio and Wisconsin, flipped to Red.
