This was a major day in our nation’s history and impacted the lives of many, including my own.
Almost two decades after this landmark ruling, I was part of only the second class to integrate the Berkeley public schools.
Had the court ruled differently, I and many others across the nation, would not be where we are today.
Sixty-three years later, it’s critical we reflect on Brown v. Board & work to close the educational disparities gap that still exists today.
Yet it was still another ten years before public schools in my home town started integrating
Schools are still segregated now- if we want to give kids a leg up in poor areas then why do we group them all together in failing schools?
And President Dickhead would love to roll that back. He already doesn't rent to people of color...
I'm so proud of this part of our nation's history. We have been great, awesome, beautiful. Takes vigilance to keep it up.
They are so cute!
Don't remind racist, Jim Crow Sessions.
And yet we have colleges setting up race specific dorms, progress!
schools were still segregated for @ least another 20 years thereafter. There were sports championships for all-Negro schools until late 60s
And look how pretty with smiling faces!
It was also a conservative SCOTUS. Remember the GOP passed almost all civil rights bills - opposed by your party.
How far the GOP has fallen in such a short time. From the party of Lincoln to the party of White Supremacy, Jess Sessions, and Neonazis.
INTERWEB TIP: Increase credibility by learning to spell.
Bwahahahajaja I didn't even see that!!  I'm leaving it.
I LOVE this photo!
And 60% are still segregated to THIS DAY!!!!
On this day in 2017, this guy virtue-signalled instead of writing his fucking book
you might want to tell Harvard University...them seem to have forgotten.
So why are blacks asking for segregation in universities?
Yet they remain segregated. Charter schools escalate the re-segregation of public schools as well as privatization. We must stop this!
So why was the @DNC at that time so opposed to desegregation?
Brown vs Board of Education.
It took some convincing but with that change this country was made better. I don't recognize this world.
And today @GOP just using #schoolchoice as a way around segregation laws.
Does anybody know if this photo won any awards. It sure should have. It Portrays what America should be.
God bless Earl Warren
Adorablepicture. Couldn't help but notice the little girl who's goofing and then the three with their arms crossed looking on disapproving 
Also on this day: "school choice" became a political issue.
@CarriWeatherwax Not to mention...STUPID!
So why do not support school choice that could actually make a difference.  Hmmmmm, guessing you did not suffer through inner city schools.
And that it must be ended "with all due speed" Whatever happened to that?
Thank you! Haven't seen this on any cable news channels tonight. So important!
Changed my whole life as I was in the 4th grade in an all Black school in Kansas when this ruling was made.
Didn't make much of a difference schools today are just as unequal as they were then.
UC-Santa Cruz must have forgotten about this...nice timing on the tweet...
I'm so fortunate that I never had to experienced segregated schools. I started school shortly after desegregation began and I'm grateful.
.. And now there's a headlong rush to embrace white privilege ... there's no pleasing Demorrhoids
And just days ago Harvard announced it plans on going back to the days of segregation with an all black graduation. #WeFailed
And today on colleges are providing all black dorms at the request of black students.
What happened to your first promise to be optimistic?
Why then 63 years later black students pushing for "blacks only" graduation ceremony at mixed-race Harvard? Segregation??
And now many want to segregate themselves.  We are moving backwards.
Do u support the black Harvard students request to have a "blacks only" graduation or UCSC black students building for blacks only?
An that waz when this nashun went inta the tarlet. Trump will put the darkies in thar own skools. MAGA! MAGA! Yeeeeee HAWWWWW!
And yet we now have colleges advocating for minority only safe and living spaces, etc 
@commiegirl1 Also on this day: the televised Watergate hearings began. CRAZY TIMING, HUH? ;)
Too bad Trumpites didn't get the memo
@kenyaw and yet we still have segregation of children with disabilities in schools. @ndss
Remember Mendez v Westminster as a precursor
There remain a lot of segregated schools in America that are failing our children!
Ms Harris you're absolutely right.  Why then are yo allowing Muslims to segregate our schools?
Thank you republicans for desegregation 
@BetsyDeVosED is working diligently to overturn this for the sake of children everywhere.
11 years later, schools in my county were actually ingegrated. My parents put me in private school. Mom still sat a not b/c of this ruling.
And in 1947 segregation in public schools ended in California!
There are people that aren't even 70 that were directly affected. This wasn't hundreds of years ago, this was within our lifetime.
That was then but now re-segregation seems to be happening everywhere.
This picture is so happy.  Thanks.
And also got that HBCU degree, which you shld seriously consider taking to the White House with you  http://TSanMisc.com 
Thanks for acknowledging this sis. Every now & then I/we need reminders of why we voted for you. We are happy to share in the struggle for
Social justice, but ultimately, we need representation. No matter how small the effort, we need you to represent people of Africa descent.
Lovely Photo
And Devos is doing everything she can to bring it back. Private vouchers = your child not 'selected' for attendance at our school. 
That ruling led to my Dad going to college, the first in his family, getting a PhD in Mathematics, becoming Chairman of the UMCP Math Dept.
It is a small seed, but planted can grow into a tree. 

First Memorial Day Concert for American HEROES AND HEROINES

MAY 27th WINDCREST TX
I was alive then, the age of the kids in this photo. This was within my lifetime. I do not want to see it change back again!
You keep kicking ass, Sen. Harris! 
Maybe this important reminder should have come from you @BetsyDeVos @usedgov
This pic looks a lot like my first grade class.  So thankful to grow with diversity.
Does DeVos know??
Listen to 1964 interview of key #brownvboard witness, psychologist Kenneth Clark, by Robert Penn http://Warren.goo.gl/nsQ3do 
Beautiful! Thanks for posting this.
Yet it took till 1964 to do anything about it.
@RichardBSpencer I hope this ruins ur day
I went to All Black Schools until I was in the 4th grade--We were independent -Civil Rts called Segregated they were coming in our cities
And yet Clarke is being named as the Nations #2 top cop. We are going backwards with Trump
Funny thing is tht some Mississippi county is still appealing it last I heard
