DOE Rick Perry at coal plant:"Here’s a little economics lesson: supply and demand. You put the supply out there and the demand will follow."
You really think he is deliberately lying? Or is he just stupid?
Anyone want to buy expired mayonnaise? I have a truck full.
I'd also like to bring back the Motorola Razr. Might be my best idea yet.
Oh!! I'll take 3!!!!
I knew it! Thanks for the inspiration, Mr. Perry! Also, how much for a case of the mayo? Asking for a friend.
The light green is 1.00, the more sought after blue/yellow is 2.50
What. A. Bargain. This is gonna be huge.
Act fast because once the botulism spreads the price is going up.
Shit. Noted. 
I find that very insulting...to lobotomized hamsters everywhere.
How stupid is this Texas a..hole Rick Perry. Does he know anything other than corruption?
Perry & Pals don't really know corruption, they just follow their gut instinct. #resist #GOP #Trump
Rick Perry got a D in economics. Wasn't too good at other learnin' neither.
I would love to weigh in on this, but where is Perry's name on the grades?
Just google 'Rick Perry college grades'. There are lots of links out there. It's not disputed.
LMAO did Perry go to college? "Build it and they will come" mentality.
Yes - Texas A&M. He was a Veterinary student but was encouraged to move to the easier Animal Husbandry

He got a D in a class called "Meat"
That makes me laugh out loud every time I read it.
A class called "Meat"
And he got a D!
Hollering .  These idiots rise to the top though.
You'd think - appoint the best and the brightest, right? Wrong! They want it to fail

Is this really the best we could do? I'm...doubtful
Hey, that reminds me of Steve "dance monkey-boy dance" Ballmer!
Big difference is that Steve Ballmer is running the Clippers, not our nukes...!
Well, that's true. I wouldn't trust him with either, personally, but then that's just me.

(Fortunately, I'm not really into sports...)
Every Democrat should take a class in tweeting from @tedlieu
Exactly! Ted has moxie! Show 'em how it's done!
Might
Actually, that is how capitalism and innovation work. If you laugh at the Perry comment, you likely never worked in business.
@taykuy
Shifting goal posts from still useful energy to obsolete technology.
Your economics is Keynesian BS, of course.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supply_creates_its_own_demand …
Reasonable and objective people to Trump Admin: "That's not how this works. That's not how any of this works!"
Rick Perry is laughable. If the supply is LOW the demand will be HIGH
Rick Perry has the cart pulling the horse.
Trump and Perry are equally ignorant about Economics and Business. President McDummy only hires the very best!! Ha ha
The inverse of the Steve Jobs School of Mgt. philosophy:

F players hire F- players
Must be part of that "College is bad" thinking. Republicans don't seem have done well there.
Hey, @SecretaryPerry, why not pour funds into a wax-cylinder factory? They were all the rage once too: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phonograph_cylinder … #MuellerTime
Demand would follow because coal power is cheap.
Lie? Nope! He's just this STUPID!
He constantly said ignorant things like this as Governor here in Texas.
I've got a ton of old Betacam tapes! Demand is sure to follow!
This is the man to keep Putin out of our nuclear power plants? Seriously?
Attn music business: FLOOD MARKET with 8-track tapes, watch profits magically return! :/ cc: @SecretaryPerry
Dear Rick,
What happens is the price collapses. And businesses close. Unless the gov't subsidizes them
But Republicans know all about that.
Wow Ted!!!! Thank you!!!!!
That only works for the McRib.
People already want the McRib. Not a good example.
But it only happens when pork futures drop below a certain price point, IIRC
@phbarratt That's why coal has gone belly up. Over supply & low utility. Better options available...
He is not lying, he is just stupid.
And where will they find coal when they've mined it all out
I don't want to give Perry anything here but he might be thinking of Say's Law.
But as a photographer I support putting lots of 35mm film out here, drive down the prices some!
To those who don't get Ted's deeper implications. 35mm=used by pros/hobbyists vs. Digital=everyone. Also 35mm developmnt cost+chem disposal.
And yes Rick Perry is right!  The market isn't coal. The market is energy. Meaning demand for energy increases as supply brings down cost.
Ted get to work. Obviously economics just isn't your thing. 
"film growth of 5% yoy globally" says Harman
http://time.com/4649188/film-photography-industry-comeback/ …
I really don't think he knows any better. Our government is being run by C & D students.
Actually, @JohnCleese made a great point: stupid people are too stupid to be able to understand how stupid they are.
Be cautious when calling others idiots @JoSin0629 Increased supply relative to demand does lower prices, but increased demand is not assured
When we stop participating in a viable commodity market and put our own citizens out of work it is nothing short of treason.
Respectfully, we should let the market decide these questions, not politicians.
... industries to further their liberal agenda
We agree that the market should decide. We may disagree about exactly how Supply effects Demand. I'll defer to the economists. 
Remeber Econ 101 when professor started everything with "all factors being equal..."   when are they equal, ever?  :) In capitalism we trust
I don't think he's lying...I think he really is that stupid. Blame the Texas A&M economics department.
He comes from west Texas. My father was friends with his mother. He is that stupid.
My mom worked with his mom.  My dad was very upset with him when he switched from Democrat to Republican.  We west Texans are not this dumb
Are you from Haskell?
Yep
Depends on product. If we put Trump on open market as available to any country looking for President, don't think there would be any takers.
Well, I dunno... a sizeable chunk of the UK would probably take him. #MGBGA (mug-bugga)
Then they r foolish as GOP. We elected a President & end up with toddler. Country holds its breath & claps when meeting goes well. Good Boy.
So you're saying there's no hope for my robot that follows Perry around & zaps him (with low voltage of course) when he says this crap? 
I'd prefer someone put an electrified dog collar on him (your choice: around neck or around nuts) & zap him every time he's stupid.
Electric fencing. Could work......until he starts dancing that is. 
While Perry is at it, isn't it time to make Betamax great again? Flood the market with cassettes! Demand will follow!
And 8 track tapes!
Is there any chance you'd consider running for president? We desperately need someone with intelligence and wit.
Perry just hears  stuff Like GW
@SecretaryPerry
It's so awful that he even said that.  So fucking awful.
Trump and Perry could surely have a runoff for Low IQ.
Not a lie Ted, Rick is just ignorant 
It's not lying if you just don't know a blessed thing about what you're talking about!
Why not say that to his face when you see him?
Trump's angry Base oughta have more common sense than to believe Perry's dumb lies. #RustBelt, it's survival of the fittest not angriest.
Coal workers aren't stupid. They are real people who need real jobs, in the MODERN world. I feel for them and their families.
How about old reel to reel players?

So intellectually bankrupt. But what do expect from a guy that can't remember the 3 agancies he wants to get rid of.
Beta tapes, cassettes, 79 rpm records, Altairs, Edsels, Corvettes, liver, diskettes, pantaloons, clipper ships, dial telephones, ....
He has it backwards. This kind of thinking led to the fall of communism, supply of goods with no demand, demand for goods without supply.
My grandpa dug coal. Black lung complications killed him. Every man in that generation would tell you if there is an alternative job...DO IT
Jesus Christ Rick Perry. Dumb as a box of dildos. What the hell is going on in this country!?!?
@MSNBC @FoxNews @CNN Rick Perry as dumb as a donut! Coal miners run like hell away from this incompetent admin.Shameful how they have used U
Every guy I knew who dropped out of Ohio State to work in the coal mines of SE OH and WVA is dead...'Nuff said.
He's an idiot and always will be. He probably thinks flooding the market with steam engine cars would make us buy them!!!
Congressman Lieu, what? If you dump a ton of coal on my
lawn, I'm dumping my gas furnace- forthwith!
That's too intelligent for Rick Perry to understand
45's cabinet racing 2c hw much damage & torture can b done n th shortest amt of time
Tex-ass!
Like Paul Ryan, Rick is stuck in 1952
If Rick Perry was right there would be no struggling artists
Good one!
Unless he's supplying urinal targets with Trumps face on them, that may have some demand! 
Maybe if Govt required us all to buy 33 mm film. 
That would be following Soviet model. 
GOP wouldn't have us do that, would they???
When Perry said that "the market will speak" - he didn't realize how correct he was. The market chose #DrillBabyDrill natural gas over #coal
He's too stupid to know he's lying. Wonder if he's in the market for a new typewriter, cassette player or VHS recorder?
How about some Blockbuster VHS videos???

I've been trying to GIVE AWAY a film enlarger for a darkroom for years. No demand. Don't burn coal in the house, either. Used to. 50 yrs ago
@huangmiller @taykuy Film still makes better images, but no decent developer labs.
Proves the old adage, teach a parrot supply and demand and you get an economist.
Do you mean I should invest in 8Track tape players?
Rick Perry's boiler fire flamed out. #idiot #MiltonFriedmanRollingInHisGrave
Make 10 thousand mops w/o need, Demand will come.
@taykuy There's this myth that Republicans know more about economics. Then there's the Trump and Perry reality.
It worked in "Field of Dreams!"
Ha! Awesome comparison
Trump and his administration makes me want to puke
He knows. He is just hoping they don't. Shitting!
I'm pretty sure that there's always going to be a demand for electricity.
Someone failed Econ
Such a great analogy :-)
Phone booths, we need to start making them fast. Build them and they will come. While you're at it we'll need some phone books too. #oldtech
dyslexia?
And Thrn die from blk lung with no ins due to GOP preexisting condition
No demand 4 coal. A dirty job = black lung disease. Give them options, i.e. Retraining.
Can we start having an intelligence test for these dumb f*cks to take before they can run for high office where they f*ck up our lives? WTF!
Communizzle will win
The Australian Federal Government is using the same rhetoric.
Trump hired any idiot that needed a job!
That only works with guns and pornography....
Bring buggy whip jobs back!
Rick Perry's eyeglasses clearly don't make him any smarter.
Dig dig dig. Watch the piles grow and grow. Nobody's buying.
Oh wait, how about North Korea? That's the ticket.
according to NPR he has the power to force the use of coal for energy and he will
@JohnFugelsang @BenyonMelissa http://www.wbur.org/hereandnow/2017/07/07/rick-perry-energy-order … This is absolutely a totalitarian move&right out of early Putin's playbook. It's on!
I'm hoping coal workers are smarter than Rick Perry.
Dang it! And, here I was about to convert my furnace from natural gas to coal.
Is it a lie if a fool believes what he is saying?
Good,  simple example
@GOP said he was presidential material. You have to take SAT's to get into college, but to be president of the USA dont need an IQ above 70.
That's a terrible economics lesson...
Is Rick Perry kidding?
Lmao! Its if there is a demand, supply will follow not the other way around. Lmao!
Oh, they might, if Kodak started putting those neat little Instamatics™ out there with the flash cube extender...
Rick Perry is another good example of <Just bc you're governor it doesn't mean you're smart just elected by bunch of other idiots >
Type slower Ted, you're confusing him.
If you build it they will come Okaaay
Right now the GOP is putting out a lot of BS.  Is demand following supply?
Australia's coal industry dived when the demand was no longer there from China. Plenty of supply available.
How do people like Rick Perry ever get an important job? I would be concerned giving him a job parking cars.
I recall a major real estate problem Texas in 1986 as a result of the "If we build it, they will come"' development mentality. Way overbuilt
Now, suddenly, the self-perceived inner logic of the GOP and WH admin economic thinking stands out clearly. But, still, crap!
New Coke learned that lesson a long time ago.
VHS tapes?  Typewriters? Stage coaches?
Let's start making cassette tapes and rotary phones too @tedlieu @ZinaNPetersen @taykuy
Does he think everyone is STUPID? I believe they can see through that.. at least I hope so since some did vote for Cheetoblimp...
A Trump genius don't you know!
#WhataMoron

Rick Perry is in way over his head and should resign, and the same goes for @realDonaldTrump. #CompleteIdiots.
Dum dum demand drives everything
Lol
I mean they said thebsane thing about vinyl records and look where we are now... Kodak could make a killing if they market it right
Just tell them the truth that Coal is no longer one of our fuel's. clean air clean energy.#25thAmendmentNow #impeachedTrump
Or how about 8-tracks? VHS videos? cassette tapes?
Great analogy!
Flood the market and prices go up!
Wasn't that the most illogical hogwash you've ever heard? 
You're assuming he knows that 35mm film is no longer the industry standard. #Ignorance & #denial runs rampant in this administration.
In all fairness, he may actually be that ignorant. In which case he wasn't lying, just insulting everyone in the room. Let's be charitable.
That is so funny. And demand will follow.  I wish I had the grass that man is smoking.
Sure Perry if you're selling pet rocks.  I want windmills, solar power & electric cars!
Its sad. Lessons should be learned about proper selection processes like a political SAT
@taykuy did he say 35mm film dumbazz no he said Coal try to keep up
Actually, capitalism can work that way...IF government then works to sabotage digital cam supply, just as the #GOP does with clean energy.
@SecretaryPerry you, like #tRump, are such an embarrassment.
What do you expect from someone who is dumber than a brick. Perry is perfect for Trump. He'll never be smarter than the boss!
VCRs! Let's increase production. @SecretaryPerry
@taykuy Where can I find some 35 MM film? Have Mr. Perry call me so we can talk. 
Supply and demand: more coal> lower price> increasingly competitive with alternatives> reduced conversion from coal> more demand? Got it?
Thats not how it works. The glasses have never made you smart.
"I have a brilliant idea, I'm bringing back beta max".."Why?".."Because people will buy it if I do"..."Why will they buy it".."Just because"

Kodak should try this...
While I see your point, I know a lot of people who would like to use 35mm film... myself included. ;-)
@SecretaryPerry must have learned economics in his 'Meats' course at A&M.
What about Betamax players? 
The irony that this view of capitalism is lifted from "Field of Dreams" is lost on R. Perry.
Everyone should see "From the Ashes". Coal Kills.
Help them get training in other professions money much better spent
Maybe the stupidest thing I've heard
Um, what? Ignorance is strength, etc etc
His next economic thesis is titled "This Little Piggie Goes to Market"
He's not lying,he literally has no clue what he's talking about.
#ImpeachTrump let's get this trending as our traitorous leader canoodles with our enemy Putin
He must have been watching that movie about a field in Iowa and dreaming about The Sultan
Rick Perry is about as good an economist as he is a dancer.
Who are these people???? Really???  Oh, are country is in so much trouble. Perry should go back to dancing.
Might not work with film but energy is entirely different! The demand is already there! He speaking of new markets Obama shut down abroad!!
And yet these people keep tricking other people to vote them into office.  What could that mean?
Good example! How about washing machines with wringers! Those worked great!
Let's see: horse & buggy, Blackberry, typewriters, pagers, milkboxes, men wearing powdered wigs, outhouses, leaders who drove us forward...
That's. It the way it works moron
Wait congressman Lieu. Are you saying I just dug up all of my old POGS for nothing??
I have a shit load of 8-track tapes. I'm sure they will sell like hot cakes now that I know to just put 'em out there!!!
What is this man's IQ? Wouldn't that alone disqualify him from the job?
Don't underestimate hipsters - they're pretty hardcore about their 35mm film. Shit is CATNIP to 'em! Just like vinyl & 8-track tapes. 
Exactly
Coal is NOT coming back. The earth has been tortured enough. Why can't the repubs tell the truth about anything.
Very intelligent words spoken by this guy......
Non sequitur - but I'd be all over that film. That said, Rick Perry is still an idiot.
How about you get out of the 1950's Ted. The Cold War ended a while ago.
Uh, not necessarily.
Rep. Lieu that's a great point, but I don't think Rick Perry is smart enough to know what 35 mm film is and why its absolute.
Awesome example
Just like find a need and fill it !
Coal Field of Dreams.
