Trump promised he wouldn’t cut Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. Then, he filled his administration with people who want to do that.
Trump promised he would stand up to Wall Street. Now it seems like half his administration comes from Goldman Sachs!
Trump promised “insurance for everybody.” Then the Republican health care plan tried to throw 24 million people off their health care.
Trump said pharma is “getting away with murder.” And now his pick to head the FDA is someone who received millions from drug companies.
His campaign was a sham. He used lies, fear, racism, misogyny, and bigotry to strike at the chords of his voters; sadly it worked.
Sadder still, it's still working. Haven't personally met a single "regretter" yet.
@RegrettingTrump has plenty on there. :)
I know, it makes it seem like there are a lot of them. But not one I've personally spoken to admits regrets. They're happy as pigs in slop.
Me neither. Worse, they seem to like that he's a liar and a criminal- like that makes him tough & macho & powerful & worthy of respect.
That is what I've found too.
I don't know how to counter that bc it signals a shift in our fundamental values & potentially our culture under Trump.
I think the shift has already taken place, The question is....Can we shift it back? I'm not so sure. The "evil" genie is out of the bottle!
I can't understand why you don't do anything in government.
he was actually a registered democrat at one point.
I can SEN, because before Trump had a falling out w/ #PresidentBannon , who do think was making choices to fit #deconstructionist agenda 
Because he lied.
Maybe next time the protesters who didn't vote will vote next time
You spelled crybabies wrong
Pahaha!  is coming! Just hope it doesn't take as long as the freaking winter on GOT!
Sadly,because he didn't mean a word he said.So many of us knew he wasn't to be trusted but enough believed him and now we are stuck with him
Because he's a pathological liar.
Because hes a fake, a con, a bullshitter, a liar, a charlatan, a phony, a snake oil salesman, a liar.
Bernie ... what does this tweet even mean?  It's simple. He's a liar.  You've said it yourself.
THIS IS WHY I wanted @SenSanders to be president... Not because of anti-capitalism, but because of his consistency and REAL morality
I want Sanders because of anti-capitalism
Even though he's not really anti-capitalist
#Hypocrite?
Bannon already told us: "If you look at these cabinet appointees, they were selected for a reason and that is the deconstruction."
Viejo zorro, President Trump knows his decisions, and we the people like our new president
I can't understand why someone believes socialism would work in the united states
If you give up your paycheck, and your wealth, and your healthcare, and every privilege you have, I will agree to vote for you
A wealth man singing the praises of Socialism, is not a socialist.
That's easy , he never was going 2 keep promises he made 2 the people, only 4 the 1%. He's a complete disgrace 2 America & what she stands 4
Because he only said those things to get elected?
THAT WOULD BE A [DEM].?????REALLY.??
Don't understand why you care..... Sell out!
@rbcarter 'Cause he hasn't a fucking clue what he's doing.
When bannon eliminates most the gov, &sends power back 2 states, his NWO will start 2 kick in. Dictatorship disguised as nationalism
Because he wants to dismantle & destroy the USA. Impeach & deport him to Russia!
Because he is limiting the pool of people to nominate to those who've not insulted him.  It's a small pool.  Plus, Trump's kind of an idiot.
It's not like the GoP undermines, discredits, and sabotages gov operations for decades via understaffing, cutting funds, and misinfo.
Bernie, he lied to get elected. He lies to stay elected. He'll lie to escape imprisonment. He'll lie on his deathbed.
He has the sense to listen to others unlike his predecessor.
any comments on happening in Syria, Bernie? Any attention to that?
Because he tries and want to control powerful people.
#45 needs scapegoats to detract fom his actions.
DJT was willing to say whatever it took to get elected. Now he blames President Obama for everything. The American people will suffer.
just trump thing
I can. For the decades I've watched @realDonaldTrump he's always been #FOS
Because Trump's a pathological liar, like you said.
A; Stupid is as stupid does.
because he is a LIAR
Hint~~~He is mentally unstable.
bc here's y! @AsIfUknow @Pyrokitteh @DMW_JD2014 @SoapboxLiberal
If that's so why all the objection from the left?
I mean you do know why. It's so he can shut those departments down and redistribute that money to his billionaire pals
He campaigned with or you campaigned with.
Trump never planned on honoring his promises but his base is too ignorant to realize that. His game is "DOMINATION" not honesty
similarly, folks don't understand how #CareerPoliticians devoted to public service end up in top 1% richest?
Because he's borderline schizophrenic?
I know this is a blind spot for you, Senator, but since Donny campaigned on white supremacy, his people ONLY need one qualification. #knob
sure you can
Good pander, Bern.
He just said whatever he thought his supporters wanted to hear. Really, he's so crazy who knows what he thinks from one day to the next
To quote #LouieCk, "because he's a lying sack of sh*t."
It's almost like he has no idea what he is doing.
That's for sure, he has no clue how to run a government!
Open your eyes, easy to see what he's up to..... it's all about lining his wallet.... He doesn't give a flying $%^k about the avg person!
Exactly
$$$
Bannons plan to implode the U,S.
It's all about money and making himself & his friends richer.
Because he doesn't know what he is doing or most likely he lied to get the vote.  I believe he lied because that's all he has been doing.
I can. He is not true to his word.
Bannon
Coz Trump is a sociopathic liar.
He plans to gut the departments he is putting them in charge of. it's just more of Trumps con job on American.

*supported him in own interest of course..., not to support his promises...
Because he does what most politicians do. Say what they need to say to get in office, then break off into their own agenda. Typical politics
Because he never intended to keep his promises.
@Jiillyy coming from the guy that backed Hillary.....and foreign donors and big business donors!! #shorttermmemoryoldman
Stop refusing to use the proper words..... GREED IS EVIL. GREED IS SELFISH AND SELF-CENTERED GREED WILL BE THE BANE OF OUR EXISTENCE
Bernard Sanders ... please let me explain. A comparative game is being played by these characters. Their end game is WW-ORDER
I despise 'Lil Rubio-Tea Party, but at least he got his one statement right! tRump is a 'CON-ARTIST'...
It's all about money, power, promoting his friends, and gaining favor. The shady business man is now the shady president.
Are you a demoncrap or a Democratic and if so you are to be resolving and siding with the majority ... So why are you so difficult..
It's called lying to get votes.
Because he lied, wholesale,  Sen Sanders
Welcome to the U.S. Gov, Bernie!
Because #Trump is a bold face liar
Because his a lying angry cheeto & said anything in order to win.
It's because he's an idiot and he knows that it's best to do the opposite of whatever he thinks is a GREAT idea x 
Because: 1) He is a serial liar, 2) Putin owns Trump & he must do his bidding  3) He has no plan, no skills, no focus
You took the L in the lead for a plane and a 2nd home, how do you not understand this? You LITERALLY DID it!
He completely contradicted himself so many times, how could he do anything that wouldn't both agree and disagree with his promises?
Simple.  He was campaigning to win.  His words are/were not statements of policy.

Your countries voters seemed to like him well enough :/
IDIOCY!?!
Seriously tho
Because he's a fraud and lied to get elected.  Not even a secret.  Wasn't even a secret during his campaign.  Low info voters made this.
@SenSanders  u know why this country is not run by the man its controlled by the banks, rich, you're part of that team right false flags etc
Because he wants to destroy any hint of progress tha thas been made -- he would put the Robber Barons to shame
I can Mr. Sanders..
He LIED. Simple as that....
Sorry, Bernie, but you did essentially the same thing when you campaigned for Cruella.
He campaigned on multiple lies so looks like all is going according to Satan's evil plan. #Deplorable
Of course you understand!
Of course you can.  It's his donors.  You said as much at the DeVos confirmation hearings.  People who want to tear it all down elected him.
he's a con artist.
U got it wrong that's exactly what he campaigned on "not what u heard" it's opposite-
Bc his campaign was one big fucking lie as everything he says is!!!
Because he is a farce. He has an agenda and he don't care who he nominates as long as his ego is fed so he can do as he may.
I cannot understand why people care what you have to say.
We desperately need extreme vetting of all who work in the White House!
Bernie, you never understud democracy, that's why your propaganda is full of hate and disrespect against americans.
I cannot understand why the national media continues to ignore the Susan Rice story and why the Obama Admin spied on the Pres Elect. scandal
Maybe so he can here an opposing send. Seems fair to me. Liberals never see that. Conspiracy theory every time
That's because he's DON THE CON-@POTUS is king of all LIARS-Americans are waking up and supporters are getting fed up with all the lies
because he spent his whole life conning and fooling people now he's doing it  to the American people. I feel sorry 4 his victims
Coz he's a moron?
He's a con man!
Simple answer: incompetence
Because he's a a liar and fraud
Because he's a narcissist and a liar?
Because they're Nazis, Sir. Nazis have no values.
Trump's crazy, so who knows from one day to the next
Trump made a calculated decision to campaign to win. Policies were tools to be used to win. He took political campaign lies to a new low.
The Country assumed @realDonaldTrump knew what he was talking about. He has no clue. Use YOUR influence for the Children of Syria.
Because he lied to get votes! Just like he keeps on lying.
Here's one idea, he has NO CLUE what he's doing & never wanted the job in the first place, just wanted to promote his brand. Simple really!
The answer is EASY:just like the salesman he is, he was LYING just to sell his product: "PRESIDENT TRUMP"! He NEVER meant what he promised!
Trump has thinner skin than Trojan Bareskin Condoms.... And that's thin. Ask my 3 month old... #TrumpleThinSkin
oh, because trump doesn't believe in anything. That's why.
ok now you asking good questions, probably the same reason you would have had the same people in your admin, its called a coup,
president flimflam
Because he is A pathological liar, unpatriotic, a treasonous pompous puppet to Bannon and money
That is simple, because he lied. That is what he does, the man has no moral compass.
I cannot understand why you're so surprised. Hillary tried to tell you but you were more concerned about speeches by a private citizen.
sounds like obama  hahaha
Keep fighting
He doesn't know what he's doing, YIPES!
While you would nominate Bernie clones.
Really?  You can't understand why he would do this?  He lied about the swamp.  He's repaying the R's for supporting him.  Simple.
What's really difficult to understand are the people who won't stop his insanity and destruction! They know but do nothing. Power grabbers.
Globalism....Sucked him in
Because He's a Big Fat Liar. ...No exaggeration! !!!!!!!!....#BFL
Money money money, money.
Its almost as if he lied..... DUN DUN DUN!!!
He is evil that's why. Only cares about money.
Republican and the false pres. are money mongers the will rape our government,the people ,the resources and the trade for more money greed
Oh it's quite simple - he just lies.
Because Trump is a total fraud who cares about nobody but himself
Lies? He's not very bright?
Reading these comments and wondering why you never warned us, Bernie. If only his voters knew BEFORE the election. *sigh*
I can. You should know by now that a Republican says one thing during a campaigne and something else after being elected - always.
Because he is a puppet. He doesn't even remember what he campaigned on
Actually its pretty simple....the left hand never knows what the right hand is doing
We have entered into a world called "oppositeland".
'Tis a puzzlement.
Because he's a lying sack of shit.
We will not have this happen they all can be fired they work for us not the other way around make them accountable!
He's a sociopath??
$$$, that's why.
because he is forced to by the shadow government
Because, unlike Dems that are intolerant of other views, he values hearing many perspectives so he can make a real informed decision.
Hmm, because he's a big fat liar?
Trump is doing what the people that voted for him want: Break the system. It's just breaking in a way that favors business, not the people.
Because this is what dementia and desperation looks like!
ERRATIONAL?
oh, i think you understand why.
Republicans are lucky Trump's "hands" are small... At least it's easier to bend over for him without a spine. Sad!
He wants total Control
45 is not nominating them....Bannon is
@RobKerkovich 
He is a diverse man.Looking at all point of views.Wanting other to do the same. Is how I see it  #agreements
Because he is a LYING SAC OF SHIT!!!!!
Because Trump lied to get votes.
If there are 2 candidates to chose from Trump will invariably choose the worse one
Because they paid to play!
Because he's a phony. I know you're too respectable to come out and say that but we all know that he is. He's just a con artist.
His base has been lied to for years by Faux News Network and to oppose everything Obama...Even Trump himself believed that .  Brainwashed
HEY SANDERS! In stead of tweets, try getting ur old self out of ur 3 homes&try to help on getting things done. Use urself for uniting!
Because he's a liar
Really Bernie?...you seem like a super smart guy. I think the reason is obvious...tearing shit down.
Hold him accountable!!
I believe it's called compromise
This is what i have been saying all along. Its like he is trying to destroy us.
Those people inspired Trump's campaign to stir up white hatred, bigotry, racism and entitlement in this country. It worked! Trump owed them.
What suprises me is how easy this long con was. His entire cult of personality is built on greed justifies..everything

he knew what to say to get elected.  Nothing new about that. Unfortunately.
