Jeff Sessions says he's "amazed" a judge "on an island in the Pacific" can block President Trump's immigration order http://cnn.it/2pIGxsJ  
Senator, what in the heck is going on there in D.C.?!! Palin and Nugent in The People's house making fun of Sec Clinton...
Ivanka selling her line while meeting w/ world leaders, understaffed state dept., people who are investigating trump quitting left & right
Chaffetz talking about leaving Congress early, reports that FBI and members of Congress have know about trump-Russia collusion for MONTHS...
Senator, is ANYTHING being done to stop this madness and preserve our democracy and our standing in the world?
And Senator, what is Congress doing about the tens of millions of $$$ taxpayers are paying trump properties for his weekly vacations?
That REALLY makes my blood boil! Spending all of our money & not caring! He has more responsibilities he needs to attend @ the WH!
Has he even spent the money that he's not taking to be president for salary
Yes, he spent he's annual salary in less than 1 week. Trump costs as PER MONTH what Obama cost us PER YEAR. Plus add'l costs to FL & NY.
Snowflakes Trump is President so get over it. Even if he was killed, 6 people in the chain would have to die before a Dem was president.
Its not looking good for them right now. This is like Watergate on steroids. They must have messed with somebody with a lot of $$$ !
"Get over it" said the republicans who for 8 years couldn't get over the fact that Obama was president...
No we did, we didn't riot or shut down free speech.  After Obama won I supported him until he went on a world wide apology tour.
A world wide apology tour was needed, the previous president had waged wars and invaded sovereign countries against the UN and NATO.
If Obama would not have pulled us out of Iraq, there would have been no ISIS, our presence would have stabilized the Middle East.
If Bush hadn't gone into Irak to begin with, that whole region would still be stable. It was your republican president who broke it.
Have you forgotten all of the human rights violations that Sadam Hussein, he gassed his own people, he tortured then invade Kuwait.
Thank you Senator Kaine, and the rightful VPOTUS 
Just a thought...Perhaps the tolerable left can meander over to Cali, ratify CalExit, & finally crown HRC & TK as the rightful king & queen.
I'm so incredibly sick & tired of the hysterics & hypocrisy from the left.  We endured 8 yrs of BO's destruction. Pls, just stop whining.
I would like for you to list, exactly, what was destroyed. If you can.
Are you serious? Do research on just a couple of the worst that will/have contributed... 1. Iran deal (will haunt us 4 yrs), 2. Healthcare.
Yeah and that healthcare for millions is a terrible thing. Shameful that conservatives think people don't deserve ins but will pay for wall!
Yeah...that healthcare? It is terrible. My husband & I lost ours (as did millions), and other ppl can't afford it. So yes.. shameful!
And more people cam afford it than can afford private insurance! Millions didn't lose healthcare did to the ACA...
Tim Kaine you sir are an ignoramus!
Lots of people feel the same way about sessions.

I'm amazed that a twit named Tim Kaine dares to speak about immigration after the problems his President and Party have caused this nation.
I just remembered who he reminds me of...
Callese pinche viejo enfadoso... Ilegal es ilegal.
Troll, trying to start hate against Mexico by using Spanish lol
You do understand Mexican Spanish is different from real Spanish from Spain, right you do know that
Why wouldn't it be? Even diff regionally in España. Mex Spanish is different from PR, all central & so. America too. So's Eng. Your point?

FYI it is a lighthouse.  The plaque that welcomes immigrants legally was placed on many years after.
Dammit senator you represent me so well. Don't stop the sass. #electionsmatter
You keep omitting the illegal aspect
Frankly I'm amazed you seem to not know that immigrants were screened on that island and some were sent back to where they came from.
And they had health screenings!
Yes. Health screening was one of the main reasons for being sent back. Protection of US citizens. Something that seems to be lacking today.
Lacking? Have you any idea how difficult it is already to obtain a US visa? Do you think we just walk in into your country? Do some research
I'm referring to the seeming unwillingness of some who don't appear to want to protect US citizens. More concerned about feelings
Nobody is complaining about protecting US citizens. But an unconstitutional ban based on religion is not protection.
Considering the ban doesn't affect the majority of the world's Muslim you can hardly call it a Muslim ban and yet you do.
35 people?  You're ready for the big time, Tim. @NWGreenApple @DrCosmicCharlie @RitchieJodi @RealRoseTaylor @RamBoPirate
I'm amazed you can tie your own shoes. 
Stop demagoguing. 
Policy is anti-ILLEGAL-immigration. To protect citizens.
and apparently doesn't know Hawaii's a state.
Frankly, I'm amazed a senator from bumblefuck can become our AG
As a person who is from Bumblefuck... So am I.
Between you and me, I love bumblefuck. Always enjoyed my drives through. Just couldn't pass up using that word in a tweet..
 this thread!
She was a millionaire too. Proved money doesn't give you class or intelligence. But at least granny was loveable
He was pretty cool. Good people don't make you do double takes, they make you smile
This is true
Its no wonder the Armada was headed to Australia when @POTUS ordered it to North Korea. This administration is the dumbest.
choices or abilities. They stand alone. PUT THAT MISTAKE ON TRUMP! THAT IS 100000% on Pentagon
DT spokesperson defended the "mistake" yelling,"Well it's getting there eventually", not "We were misinformed" #HideAndSeek #ALittleArmada
cuz u don't tell on ur men. That isn't the way u do it. But a general came on a admitted their mistake
Nothing to do with "telling on" anyone. You think no one can SEE. Show U.S. military presence, support allies, we didn't show up. #idiotic
look, I am just saying what this General onTV sd. He sd the Pentagon is who tells TRUMP where that ship wz. They made a mistake
Everyday Trump or one of his lackeys says or does something that makes me feel it is 1933 in Germany!
 you lost cheese cock
You're not that bright, are you?
More Americans would feel at home in Hawaii than Alabama.
I doubt it
It embarrasses me that you mis-Represented my former home state. You know, the state of Washington and Jefferson. A patriotic state.
I am amazed you ran for VP.  Clearly your statements don't make sense, just like the debate.
@CNNPolitics Kaine you're educated enough to know immigration restrictions at Ellis Island were MUCH HARSHER than Trump #StoptheBS
Stupid is, as stupid does. All Trump's appointments are stupid like him. Where is our nation headed with so many stupid people, at the helm.
oh my Tim you would have us be another France.  You have no clue
I'm amazed to find out that our constitution means nothing & Congress is impotent because these people & Trump are still in office. Remove!
The Constitution still means something -- to most of us. It means nothing to @GOP unless they're not getting their way. Then it's important.
It means a great deal. But this administration ignores it. What is freightening is that it has no power to stop our govt from being hijacked
The GOP the majority in all 3 houses is like the perfect storm for this coup to take place.
Hahaha. Okay, that was funny.

Everything about Trump amazes me
Outstanding
Anti ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION, you boob.
I’m surprised you have the balls to align yourself with a politician that is about to be exposed through @realDonaldTrump and the GOPs counter suit. #TickTock 
& all this while numerous state AG positions go unfilled. spoke w/ my parents (both lawyers); their take: a legal train wreck in slow motion
I'm not amazed you added to HRC's historic loss.
I'm Amazed that you were picked as a running mate! Desperate times Must indeed call for Desperate measures!
"Hillary & Democrats use minorities & won't be seen again till' 4 years later" -Donald John Trump @POTUS  Hillary proves Trump right! Look
We don't know that, it's all in Spanish!!
I'm Hispanic, but nevermind that. Go to @Hillary_esp .
Look at the tweet dates.
11/8 was the last time "she" ever tweeted  to Spanish folks.
It's more of an attack on the Judiciary; on the rule of law. Trump acts like a third world dictator, enriching himself, & compulsively lying
well said!!!
I am amazed at this massive Florida crowd that gathered to see you in closing days of your 2016 campaign:
Please tell your fellow Senators to take off the gloves and really fight for all of us who aren't zillionaires=99% of us. @OHDems
He is an old white man from the South trying to justify slavery. Not hard to figure out with southern relatives.  Last ugly stand.
Lmao. I've gotten so much joy out of reading through these replies. Keep it up folks, Trump in 2020 is getting more definitive by the minute
Hahah under FBI investigation
Cute anon account.
Hahaha poor snowflake your Presidon't is under FBI investigation
This racist needs to be forced out of office. Besides, he lied to congress under oath. The Senate can prosecute him.
Wrong

I am amazed a Senator can blatantly lie about the EO and not get called out for it.

Oh, wait.....you're a Democrat. Never mind...
Hmmm.... I'm amazed that you keep forgetting the "illegal" part of the immigrant equation....
I'm simply amaze - nay - weirded out that he is the president.
So are the majority of US citizens, alas.
Not me
You're in the vast minority.
Says the snotty New Yorker.
I'm amazed Sessions is still AG. Didn't  after committing perjury in the very recent past. I'm amazed nothing more has been said about it.
No you're just confused again.  See...Sessions ans the question as it was asked.  Don't blame him if ur idiot Dem senator can ask Q right
Jeff Sessions is a typical southern white racist. He's really showing his true color.
You seem really smart.
I am. I believe in science and imaginary god. Climate change is real and man made. Jeff Sessions is a racist. Even the cave man knows that.
I recant my original statement. You're an absolute genius!
I LOVE TIM KAINE OMGGGGG
You're seriously embarrassing yourself in public.   Poor decision making and low character is nothing to be proud of.  You chose corruption
Illegal immigration Tim.  Illegal.  Does that word mean anything to you?  Do you believe we are a nation of laws or do you pick and choose?
That statue was a gift to symbolize liberty & other than being visible by boat has nothing to do w immigration you bumpkin
Could we pls return Orcish jeffy to his sheet-ridden clan....even Satan doesn't want this clown
Have you ever read the qualification for those immigrants coming to America? Apparently not by your ignorant comment.
I'm amazed that you don't realize the reason for Ellis Island was to ensure all immigrants wanting to enter U.S. met standards for entry.
I'm certain you are amazed at many, many things Tim.  What is it you don't understand about ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS? And AG Sessions is correct.
....by the way.....just remember there was a process at Ellis Island to enter.......
He is not anti immigrant but anti criminal. We must keep the bad ones out, you know, the ones that Hillary supports taking over America.
Technically, his island is in the Long Island Sound, Senator.

That's gonna leave a mark! 
Immigrant wife! MAGA make everything in China. This is the most Anti American POTUS in our history! Impeach!
Amazed?  Horrified is more like it.
@timkaine Love it. Be my senator forever!
@timkaine : another liberal #SuperIdiot  The Democratic Party today: What a horrible ticket. Clinton( washed up) & Tim Kaine - washed up
Be ashamed of your snarky remark. We have too many now.
Haha gross! And perfect..
The US was bombed in Dec 7 1941. Not an island in the pacific but the USA @JeffSession
He's never been one of us! New Yorker's despise him.  He was a joke that we put up with.
It is very sad indeed!
I'm not too surprised that you don't know the difference between LEGAL immigration and ILLEGAL immigration!
I'm no longer amazed, but I am disgusted by our AG and @realDonaldTrump.
don't be an infant

the country that gave it to us is becoming a slaughterhouse because of immigrants
Remember the kid on the bridge in Deliverence, I think he's Attorney General now!
Oh yeah...yikes!
Why does the left continually equate immigration with enforcing the law? NO ONE is against immigration or legal immigrants-just law breakers
Perfectly said! @timkaine
@tomperriello @CNNPolitics Nothing he has done is anti-immigrant, but you k ow that do t you?
Nice!!!!! Proud of my senator!
He's from Queens. learn geography
Statue of Liberty is on Liberty Island not Ellis. Immigrants did not enter America through Liberty island.
Well said, Senator. Take that , @realDonaldTrump and keep your dog on a leash. You will not destroy America. #Trumprussia #ImpeachTrump
Obviously..The Republicans have perfected an IDIOT cloning machine!!!
I'm amazed you can't tell the difference between legal and illegal immigration. Oh wait, that's right. You're just bullshitting.
Yes, a statue which welcomes LEGAL #immigrants which are not interchangeable with #ILLEGALimmigrants
He was actually born in a small town outside of the Russian capital Moscow no I'm sorry I thought you were talking about Donald Trump
Yeah, well, there's a reason we (and She https://twitter.com/AltStatLiberty/status/834100489268629505?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&ref_url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cnn.com%2F2017%2F02%2F21%2Fus%2Fstatue-of-liberty-refugees-welcome-banner-trnd%2Findex.html … ) didn't vote for him.
We must heed the words of Lady Liberty:

#RefugeesWelcome 
Wow. As a Senator, I'd think you'd be concerned with proper vetting. Maybe that's why you aren't in WH?
What steps are being taken against Sessions for lying to Congress? He has no business being AG and head of DOJ-yet another nightmare
Great one!
Thank you! #Resist
You forgot the word "illegal". Funny, they always forget that word so conveniently. #MAGA
SO embarrassed  you're from Virginia.
#Jeff Sessions you do know there are 50 states right? And that one of them is that chain of islands named Hawaii!
Bravo!
LOL!  I thought the same thing.  Um... Manhattan is an island too!!
love you, @timkaine
@CNNPolitics you sir are the reason I would never vote for you . You see what's happening in France.
Shut up Kaine!  How's your money doing with Planned Parenthood?
Island in the pacific .AG . OMG
I am amazed that you do not realize that crossing the border without going through the proper channels is illegal jackass.
Thank you, Senator Kaine!!
Good line
Suck it up buttercup!   Obama famous words... elections have consequences
All immigrants before the illegals came in came here legally.  We have laws on the books that should be obeyed.
Let us not forget his two wives, the former Ivana Trump n the current, Melania Trump, who were both immigrants coming to this country.
Don't be surprised. He's insane.
I'm amazed your still that dumb
You are awesome.  So sorry you are not the VP, you would have been amazing.
#Trumprussia ?  What is going on?  Impeach this p.o.s.
I so agree!
Really, when you think about it, the @GOP in gov't really does not even merit minimum wage. They should be paying for the education.
Follow the laws or change them in CONGRESS. Not on Twitter -
You, like all liberals, ignore the law.  Legal immigrants are welcome.  illegal (criminal) immigrants are not.  Why is that so hard for you?
I love you!
Perfectly said
I'm amazed that even after your epic loss you still keep conflating "immigration" with "ILLEGAL immigration."
HAGood one Tim Kaine. 
I'm amazed a fricken racist from Alabama...ALABAMA is our AG...
Wow
Hefulfilling his promises! Just because the Dems don't! We need to take care of our black community and inner cities first. Not Dems pockets
Tim Kaine is a little funnier than Mike Huckabee. But not much.
You are beyond dumb.  I wake each day and thank God you and Hillary are not in charge.  What an effing nightmare that would be!!!
Ooo, burn!!
I am amazed that a tiny wizened racist elf is the attorney general of the US.
Many of us aren't, he is an ignorant fool. We knew it before Russia elected him.
Thank you - perfect!
He is a racist.  No surprise here.
Those Hawaiians are as uppity as the coloreds Didn't we bomb Hawaii in WWII Oh well all those slant eyed people look alike to me anyway
Repositioning Benghazi to 9/11-12 2017.

I'm petrified Hillary could've been president; lied to world w/video excuse; was impeached and ...
I'm amazed a President from an island in the Hudson River with a statue welcoming immigrants continues to push anti-immigration policies https://twitter.com/cnnpolitics/status/855194873196150784 …
Spot on, Sen. Kaine!
That's why Secretary Clinton & you routed #DontheCon in Manhattan, 86% to 10%. #LoveTrumpsHate #resist #NYC #Impeach45 #TrumpRussiaCollusion
It's a tiny island too
Checks and balances, Mr Sessions please look it up.
Drop the mic...
Sesssions is correct on the law. POTUS's power regarding immigration is settled case law. I
Senator Kaine his only loyalty is to money and Putin.
Senator, but are you surprised by a person who tried THREE times to jailed Dr King for fighting for equal rights!!
Bravo!
Because our government fails at vetting who comes in. #ParisAttack
No,Eddie. Our vetting system is extremely stringent.It is why we've had more home grown (including white) attacks,than foreign born.
@CNNPolitics he's from Queens that's on a Long Island in the Atlantic
I'm amazed people vote for idiots like you We don't want  problems of bad immigration policies that is ruining Europe I lived there 3 years
I love you, Senator Kaine!!
Next-level shade from #AmericasDad, @timkaine
You left out the word "illegal". He's anti illegal immigration.  And it's not immigration when you enter illegally; it's invasion.
Maybe the trump admin. plan on selling "that small island"...that'll go big with all our service men&women in remembrance of Pearl Harbor!
@mirandayaver It's boondoggling how this dopey Jesuit who LOST HIS CITIZENDSHIP VIA 13TH AMENDMENT swindled his State to elect him
Jeff Sessions should be disbarred & Banned from any activities related to the public trust.
I'm amazed a Keebler elf was allowed out of the tree to pursue a career in politics...thought cookies were in their blood...
You're a punchline these days son. Might want to step back.
Yes he has no set values. It is a whiplash presidency. It all depends who's filling the vacuum in his head. Nature abhors a vacuum
We'll take Loretta Lynch back, please.
Oh shut up. You lost, no one cares what you think other than zombies in NYC/LA
Well, the Hawaiians seem pretty upset. We better give a shit!!!

- Guy from a so-called "fly-over" state.
This entire administration is a mess and needs to go. Why is it taking so long?
Horse hockey little man!  ILLEGAL entry into my country is NOT immigration.  A US Senator should understand that, but you don't.
This tweet is BRILLIANT, @timkaine. Bravo, sir! 
You mean, push legal immigration policies, right? Sigh....
Hey Timmy: I'm from Va and I'm amazed you don't realize times are different now than they were during mass immigration of 1800s and 1900s
Senator, then you can imagine the indignation we New Yorkers feel!
He forgot the importance of Hawaii! It's not just an island.
He makes my temper flare
Tim -he isn't anti-immigrant -he is anti non white immigrant -there is a difference
It is anti illegal immigration along with security concerns. I am amazed you are amazed. Also, perplexed, confused and dumbfounded.
Jefferson Beauregard Sessions is also amazed that the world is round because it doesn't seem like it when you look outside y'all
I'm amazed an Atty. General from the 18th century can be allowed to speak for the U.S. Dept. of Justice in the 21st century.
#JeffSessions met 3 times, we know of, w Russians during the transition that he lied about, under oath. Perjury.  Lock him up.

This tweet is perfection.
Are you really?  He has always been a bigot and anti civil rights.
That island in the Pacific is the STATE of Hawaii. Honestly the incompetence of this administration is amazing.
... and is an island in the Pacific.
It's dementia , onset Alzheimer's . Family's know this this behaviour
#JeffSessions scares the crap out of me.
Senator, absolutely no compromising ACA for wall funding!  No way.
Trump & Sessions both a disgrace to America & what we stand for Senate owns allowing a liar & bigot to be confirmed
Good one Tim. I'm embarrassed he is from New York
Spot on, Senator!  Hey, I missed meeting you in Portland this week.  Teacher friend of mine met you!  Keep working for us!
sick  tim, SICK 
