This AG has been riding with Trump; he has been in the Senate too long knowing he failed with Senator Kennedy years ago.  Now he is the AG?
The Russians already did them. We were given those results.
Wiki leaks showed it to us to ruin HRC. Don't you remember?  It was all the scandal at the time. Check google!
Weren't you watching. Russia gave the hacked info to WikiLeaks!  The investigation is about this. And whether Trump worked with them. Timing
I did not feel that way and I don't know anyone who did. We knew WikiLeaks were endangering us especially when the Russians were  behind it.
Sessions at the Mayflower hotel April, 2016 with Kislyak. 

Credit @SethAbramson
Why are we paying for hearings that are staged and controlled by sessions being allowed to lie and not answer to 'protect president'
They are a little busy right now Mr. Leahy.....gonna have to get back to you on that Cold War Strategy .

You should pack up now.
Yes, he has to resign.  He is a damn liar!
I assure you Pat you know EXACTLY who I am, and how many men have fallen to my inquiries........

TIME FOR #COVFEFE
Here they are Senators:

Sessions and Kislyak together at the Mayflower in April 2016.
Session keeps omitting information esp. to senate. @jeffsessions must go!
Thank you Senator Leahy! #JeffSessions #SessionsMustResign
Maybe you should request an investigation into Seth Rich, Clinton owned DNC, Clinton Foundation and the Clinton owned media.
What about Mr. Pruitt's personal email server and Mr. Price's insider trading? it should all be dealt with. #swampcabinet #investigate
In case you don't know Congress is immune to insider trading. There is a law that protects them. Pelosi is the worst offender!
I think one of you should held the FBI
Keep pushing, Senators. Please help put a stop to this treasonous administration now.
What American values? Went out the door with Obama, Holder, and Hillary Clinton. How about a letter on Obama using NSA to spy on citizens?
Sessions needs to be ignobly tossed into one of his private prisons. Gen pop.
Please get that corrupt pos out of office.
Its abiut time @SenFranken! This should have been done much sooner! Sessions has been allowed to stay in his position of power and meddle!
*about*
Where is your letter to FBI demanding investigation of HRC while SOS and her dealings with Russian Uranium deal and kickbacks to CGI?
*yawn*
Do I need to come down to your office to have a talk with you about your finances?

It seems you can't read the fine print anymore.
4 Cameos, Lobbies From Entertainment Industries, Pedophile Protection Act, and almost forgot you hate Techno Music. Now FBI plays Cold War?
We already know Sessions is screwed
Thank you
Sessions MUST BE FIRED!  OUT @SenFeinstein @tedlieu @KamalaHarris @timkaine @RepCummings @RepBarbaraLee @RepAdamSchiff @SenSchumer
More of this. Quit playing politics and get the job done. We want you to get work done. Instead we get politics and obstructionism.
He needs to be fired and disbarred!
Thank you for providing the truth to the American people
Thank you, gentlemen. If false, he must stand down straight away.
If Sessions had a hand in firing Comey while under investigation is he now open to an obstruction of justice charge?
We demand answers that are factual. Sessions & Nunes MUST go!  Our democracy is at stake - and so are lives.  Do your damned jobs!
WHY was Sessions confirmed in the first place?!!!!  He lied under oath. He is an ATTORNEY. Then lies on sec clearance form?  Now this.
You're slime, Al Franken.
Yes! Thank you, Senator for holding him accountable. Keep it up. Proud that you're from my state.

Inquiry? I'm more than happy to just jump to the metaphorical crucifixion. We know what he is. He's DJT's Dick Cheney.
Can you write the same letter regarding Kushner's "omissions" as well?
The whole lot of them from Trump down need to be kicked out of the WH! What an embarrassment he is to run this country
Thank you. Please see it through. Consequences must be dealt with.
Thank you for towing the line of decency and accountability
The GOP own all 3 houses, they are willing to change laws to get what they want & no standards that all others administrations had to follow
Thank you!!! 
thank you, an AG that lies under oath, WTF?
@SenFranken   Franken is standing by Kathy and will attend her event. MN Repeal  and Replace Franken.
Standing up to the bullies! Way to go! Thank you senators. #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Must impeach him.
@AlabamaStateBar #disbarsessions
TY sessions has no place in DOJ
He is a brother of yours in the Senate and I know you take no comfort in his downfall. Thank you for putting our country first.
Thank you for doing your jobs to protect the country and the constitution.
And his failures to follow his recusal commitments, I hope. 
Should be disbarred.
Most of the people in America are behind you both. None of us know the real truth nor how to do your jobs. So Sirs, carry on, we trust you!
Thank you so much for you work in saving our democracy.  #SessionsMustResign
Thank you both!
Be sure to ask if they met elsewhere.
Thank you, Senators. Please persist in protecting the country.
Thank you!
Thank you Senators!
Thank you, Sen. Franken & Sen. Leahy. #SessionsLied   #SessionsMustResign
Thank you Senators. Since mr Sessions does not understand the meaning of recuse can be be removed from office?
Thank you Sir. We need an AG who has integrity and our Nation's best interest in mind. #SessionsMustResign
THANK YOU.  Sometimes it seems no one is protecting us
Thanks...but come on...a US Senator doesn't know how to use *regard* versus *regards*?~?  Killing me Smalls...
@FBI and quit trying to politicize the FBI because U hate Jeff Sessions, a man who cares more about law & order & the great FBI than U hacks
Sen. Leahy is on the short list of people I would never want to piss off. I hope this inquiry brings us answers. Sessions cannot be trusted.
@FBI And that the FBI was tracking over 1000 jihadist terrorists in the USA. Do you want a Manchester bombing here? Let the FBI do their job
@FBI @jeffsessions The FBI needs to stop TERRORISM, not go UR witch hunt. Comey testified over 300 muslim "refugees" had come into the USA.
Sessions must resign!
Thank you Senators
Don't suppose we'll see Sessions holding any secret tarmac meetings to discuss grandchildren 
Yea he just lies under oath about meeting Russian spys, what's the big deal?

Thank you, Senators, for your service and dedication to finding the truth!
These 2 senators only hide the truth. Where is HRC inquiry on her uranium deal and CGI illegal contributions? Talk to Haitians on stolen $$!
Thank you!
After the corrupt Obama years w/Holder & Lynch who committed REAL crimes, how dare you even suggest that Jeff Sessions resign. He is great.
Hey @jack @Support this tashacss is a foreign enemy government bot devaluing & destroying your life's work @Twitter. What's your response?
Pathetic witch hunt......stop this and do your jobs for the people in this country. TRUMP won, Sessions is the BEST Attorney Gen. in decades
Delusional
Disagree.  Comey testified that 300 muslim terror suspects came into the us as part of the refugee program. The FBI needs to focus on
