#Tucker: Why does America benefit from having tons of people from failing countries come here?  @FoxNews
Bill, past immigrants did as you sau; but not the current Muslims. They are invaders; with a holy book that tells them to destroy us
And Tucker Carlson is just that - an heir of old & tired elites. Prep school boy. St George's where the rich but not so smart kids go.
@TuckerCarlson oh and also .. they fight wars for you so you can have the freedom to stand up there and say whatever you want.
@TuckerCarlson Because they often work harder, complain less, require less, achieve more, behave better, have more integrity and decency.
@TuckerCarlson  forgets that #Republicans lose their faithful #Cuban vote with that language.
My mom's white &SICK of being told 2 go back 2her country (here LEGALLY 1960, speaks English w/accent & my folks paid nearly 40% taxes) SAD!
Hahahahaha. Not a single person in my family has been on welfare or dealt drugs but OK ...
Live in the communities where the immigrants, many illegals, from failed states live and get back to us. They are so romantic from McLean.
Does he want others to do his home work? WTF!
Not all people who come here are hard working or grateful. Don't conflate legal and illegal immigration, or refugees for that matter.
Fine, Conservative Man, you've earned a retweet
.@TuckerCarlson True historically. But, historically, manufacturing jobs kept increasing. Those days are gone with the wind. @JonahNRO
Well said
You mean like past examples like Ireland or Italy?
Your people come from one of those "failing countries," Carlson! Enough with the bigotry!
Bill get it right illegal Aliens your a snowflake !  How do you know what they contributed?  No have no clue what your talking about
people don't typically leave thriving, free countries. American represents a chance to do better.
@CathyYoung63 @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews Plz read my piece @NRO abt one muslim immigrant's story & Buckley.
Did you have a blood clot removed? You better not tell 2008 you that was cheering on Sarah Palin like she was Elijah.
LOL
oh please.go to any ER, any one of them, see how many ILLEGALS are there taking advantage of our system. Kristol, you're so out of touch.
I hope you're not talking bout so called angelic beloved immigrants in my family because they are worthless lazy leeches who keep breeding.
And here I never thought I would agree with anything that Bill kristol had to say, i must be losin my fuckin mind!
And if the 6th District of Massachusetts was wondering if he puts his Constituients over foreign illegal aliens. Got your answer: NOPE
You make the same inaccurate conclusion as libs--that those that r against illegal immigration r against all immigration. It's not true!
And MANY often do not contribute to America. @TuckerCarlson 's question is still not answered.
@BillKristol
That's because immigrants and their kids benefit from government transfers of wealth from the heirs of old & tired elites...
Good point
"The Tucker Factor"
How often Bill? There lies the rub.
so saith the heir of the elite
Right on point
Well said @BillKristol
Like Steve Jobs, whose parents were Syrian immigrants?
Like tour flabby ass?
Ask Tucker C. where his ancestors matriculated from and if they contributed anything to America despite him!
Right Bill, you can see the evidence of gratitude everywhere. Coupled with rising Welfare and low literacy - really lifting the Country up
Not if illegal,
Illegal is illegal period,,,,,nothing else to be said!!!!
Because Tucker can't figure out why BBC won't hire him.
"Tha idiotic children of the idle rich"
Bigot Tucker. Keep your message pithy
That, alone, makes @BillKristol an open border establishment advocate. I always knew it.
Not when they are on public dole.
@KeithNHumphreys conservatives should realize Mexicans are a primary reason why inflation has been kept in check for so long.
You mean the Heirs of old tired elites,(white Christians) who stormed Normandy, die in wars to protect Israel, while U & others do nothing!
"the heirs of old & tired elites"(white Christians) rarely do they,Kristol,etc openly utter their true feelings about Christians. Sickening!
You forgot to add "like Tucker Carlson." :D
@TuckerCarlson  Mother RAPED in front of kids,  RINOS & DemocRats Illegals "Dreamers"  #Americans1st  #MAGA
Again Fox News if on Trumps side no matter what. Hmmmm wonder how and how much trump is paying. It is obvious
Yes, I agree, but most have done so legally. I don't think "the people" are opposed to legal immigration. I know many great legal immigrants
FFS, Richard, Bill is one of the tired elites, and was a cheerleader for the worst foreign policy disaster this century.
Maybe so. But he's right on this.
My 6x g-pa was born here of parents fr: failing I think we benefited from his drafting of the Declaration of Independence & 3 POTUS stint.
Truth.
@GiskardIsMySavi @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews illegal immigrants people! don't legitimize breaking the law because you hate trump.
That describes u perfectly.
It appears we have to get vulgar in order for Liberals to understand the meaning of EQUALITY, and LEGALITY. COME HERE legally.
Bill Kristol...it is NOT about IMMIGRANTS. I am a new US citizen. It is,about A)-MeltingPot tilting one way, and COMING HERE LEGALLY.
Like yourself Bill
I wonder what we'd find if we investigated where Kristol's money comes from.
Why am I not surprised to find @Avik retweeting @BillKristol .
@TuckerCarlson you should listen to @BillKristol, since he has first hand knowledge of how an old tired elite thinks.
Fight the good fight James. Garrett made it home from his 2nd deployment safely. Rapid response drills to Europe (Germany)....
God bless him for his service and for making it home safe. Happy 4th Andy!
Same to you and yours sir.
America benefits from some of these immigrants. Not all. Not even a majority. So lets be highly selective about immigrants that are let in.
Thank you Bill !
KEEP ANCIENT LANDS YOUR STORIED POMP ffs the GOP is now run by and for Upper Class Twits of the Year.
Thank you for voicing a long-felt belief
Legal immigrants who want to assimilate-yes.  Illegals who do not assimilate- no!!!
Careful Bill... you are starting to sound human, dare I say progressive...
Tucker Carlson is, and has always been, a fool.
This isn't the 1886. In California too many come for Govt benefits. Finding no American culture or value to inspire them, they often isolate
Immigrant communities from Western Europe in 19-mid 20thC used to fan out to work. Now to often form monolith communities w/micro economies.
You left out "entitled".
Sir, I've lost it . . being a #NeverTrump person has affected ur thinking #retire
They have certainly paid more in taxes than the Trumps!
Once upon a time this was true.
Hey @TuckerCarlson !!! Where were your people from? Bowtiekistan?
Do us all a favor and GO BACK!
#FauxNews
#TuckerMyBowtieIsTooTightCarlson
Tucker needs his mouth taped.
Eveyr sinle one of them is like that in he Millions Bill Kristol? Why cant we send them to Israel then? Enrich them with this diversity?
Lol. What do they contribute, Bill? More names on the welfare rolls? More votes for Democrat politicians? Pass.
I can't believe that I agree with @BillKristol on something!
America for Americans. Magic dirt is a lie.
Your ancestors came from somewhere, why?
And because the now #separatedstatesofamerica was built by immigrants.
Leftists love immigrants because they vote big government. Preservation of property rights requires immigration restrictions.
Kristol, a leftist? That's some recalibration.
Thank you, sir
Dont you ever get tired of being wrong all the time?
Agreed.  Come here legally.
Good point Bill Kristol, and a stout rebuttal of his pinheaded statement. Well played.
Tucker's great (great) grandfather possibly French Canadian like my grandfather left Canada to escape religious,social & financial injustice
Was no where near what others suffered but my grandfather in the 1850's had issues practicing his faith and feeding his family.
Also Steve Jobs is the son of a syrian refugee. 
As a german have also emigrated relatives in Canada, after WWII.
In US as well.
#oneworld
Who knew this is what you had in mind with a "New American Century"?
Thank you for stating this truth.
I am one. First gen... and a US Army combat vet!
Wow rt'g u...a first.
Yeah, who needs people who want to work hard to make their lives better?
First of all these people are not immigrants there criminals
Ain't That America?
My parents came from Hungary during revolution 56 had a successful mc business for 46 yrs. Thanks to Pr. Eisenhower
Why not hard working in their own country? If they can do it here, they can do it there. It just takes hard work.
Because a lot of them have better work ethics than Americans do.
The ancestors of those tired elites stole the land from Native Americans. Later immigrants came here for refuge & opportunity.
I'd like to know a stat of how many children of immigrants have served in our Armed Forces, or have become 1st responders in the last 10 yrs
Tucker's employers are immigrants. Just an observation.
What he's really saying is why are we leeting in all these brown skinned people, you know.
its not about the good ones
Shame.  Shame.
Old and tired elites like you Bill. You really lack self awareness
Bill, once again, inserting himself where he is unwanted.
You mean like you?
Bill Kristol is an open borders globalist now? When did he become unhinged? Reasoning people know immigration only works when we cherry pick
And in CT they fill a lot of casino jobs ppl don't want. Foxwoods workforce includes many Asian, Haitian and Latino immigrants.
How about because millions of dollars of produce is literally rotting in the field because Americans won't take jobs picking it?
Because #America was built by #immigrants yes we need to have a better policy .. but #diversity is what the #USA is .
So much of the recent overheated discourse seems to be rooted in inconsistencies in scope. Is your reply truly focused on failing states?
@TuckerCarlson  ...u mean old, tired elites like u, Bill?
This country benefits from attracting those who want a better life.  They tend to be the most ambitious and bright the world has to offer.
I'd like to know just what it is #tuckercarlson  thinks he brings to the table. I'd say just some inflammatory bs I could do without
You are on a roll lately!
Illegal immigrants most often have a child who is eligible for welfare, etc. Illegals are guranteed education and drain state tax dollars.
The continued immigration of uneducated/unskilled workers is a drain on America not plus. We need standards for those who immigrate like AU.
Australia requires someone seeking permanent status to have a job offer, have specific skills, etc.
My ancestors stood in line and assimilated!
You pay for them
It is unfathomable that people like Carlson can parade as intellectual elites & utter such foolishness that denies our very history. Jackass
The bar for being an "intellectual elite" is set very low for @FoxNews en masse.
LEGAL immigrants @BillKristol !!!!
One wonders why such widespread industry and entrepreneurialism failed in their country of origin. 

Guess we'll never know.
Bam 
WTF have you ever done for this country except fuck it up, Kristol?
Please quantify "often".
Not anymore.
oh Tuck...
The ones that actually bother to learn the national language and assimilate?
What language and culture would that be? English? Italian? German? Russian? Irish?
Well considering all of our currency and Constitution is printed in English, I feel safe saying English is our national language
Touché!
As an heir of the old and tired elites yourself, the world could do without your non-stop neo-con wars and chaos.
Good lord you are out of touch.
Sellout. Let's just use chalk for the border, and give every illegal immigrant a nice check for a car and put em on the Federal dole.
Thank you @BillKristol for doing so much to rally white people to DJT's cause.  #MAGA!
"Hard-working & grateful immigrants" are not the problem. Why do you want your followers to confuse them w the lazy, ungrateful ones?
Ok.  Certain immigrants, yeah.  Illegals and the deluge of young male refugees, not so much.
Why put this question to a man who hasn't got a fucking clue what it's like out here? & he "responded" but didn't answer.
Maybe if your elite kids could get their first job they'd learn to be better...nah, let's give it to a 30 year old from Syria.
After that comma, you PERFECTLY described yourself!
Carlson is a hypocritical sycophant. He is the lowest of the low.
Thank you @BillKristol for speaking for yourself.
Look in the mirror, Bill. You're describing most present GOP members, the ones in the party now that left you behind. NOT #NeverTrump
You are not a fiscal conservative. Friedman etc understand that free movement of labor only works without the benefits of a welfare state.
Im particularly talking about free movement including illegals. Legal immigrants have financial & legal hurdles. The process self selects.
@TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
Bs.
Bs.
Bs.
 We are not buying the mythology anymore
Old and tired elites...
Subsidizing hordes of foreigners to come in and letting them vote is totally insane.
Said the old tired elitist @BillKristol  
I keep asking you to just be quiet and fade away...but you don't listen.  Maybe you should.
You'd certainly know "old & tired."  #irrelevant #HasBeen #MAGA
Kristol, you're literally the lazy, untalented heir of an elite father.
You should know about "old and tired elites."
That's funny, aren't you an "old and tired elite"?
Oh what a load of crap. We dont need any immigrants. I bet Bill Kristol lives in a 90% + white neighborhood. #DeportBillKristol
once again, their staggering lack of empathy shines thru.
@BillKristol I think you are starting to feel it. America is not about partisans. It's about patriots. It's about inclusion.
Peace brother!
Were there two more "failed" countries on the planet in the 1800s than Ireland and Italy?
He himself came from immigrants I don't understand the logic of this tucker fucker
#Tucket Why do so many people w less than HS diploma & 9th Grade reading comprehension watch your show?
For a conservative education for the liberal impaired ?
impaired? How so?
The way Liberals think ? C'mon man you know ? don't play me, like the way you think. #Tucker
How is it I think? Are you Svengali?
My question: Why does America benefit from having @TuckerCarlson from a failing #FakeNews show @FoxNews here?
Mr. Kristol,well said!!
And what will the descendants of those immigrants do? How do they vote Bill? Why are their Countries in the shape they are in? Grow up!
Brilliant!
How many food pantries for hungry people are there in the United States???
Tucker, maybe you should go back to the country your grandparents came from...Buttfuckistan!
Funny, that's what my Native American friend says.
Guess who is in the list? THE MOTHER OF YOUR PRESIDENT, SHE CAME WITH 50 BUCKS IN HER PUCKETT, READ HISTORY.
let's displace all if.Bill Kristols people in Israel. What would he and his people who control media say then?
Immigrants....they get the job done.   @Lin_Manuel
America is made up of immigrants from all over the world. If the founding fathers didn't had that policy, YOU weren't b here. Some as salves
What ass Carlson is.  I can't wait until he is an old poor man and no friends oh yeah and healthcare.
Are you kidding?
My grandpa bled on the beach in the first wave of Normandy so you can write something so ignorant.
You're welcome
Many served. Your president didn't.
Thank you
Best answer to his ignorant question that I've seen yet!
