Just when you thought... 
It's a club no one wants to join.  We are with you.  Sending hugs.
Stay strong you can win the fight my Mom is 94 and a 16 year survivor. I've done the DNA test and l'm good. Praying for you!
@OfficialJLD All true! There are millions of us with you, every step of the way. Get it gone, girl!
Be weak when you need to. It's not a battle, win/lose situation. Let friends and family help. Hoping for the best possible outcome for you
You got this.. I'll see you on the other side
Prayers
You said it best Andrea, and don't forget the millions of American's who are with u all.
Cancer survivor. Hang in there. Thoughts with everyone! We feel it like no one can!
@OfficialJLD, I just finished 9 months of chemo, surgery and radiation.  Beating cancer isn't easy, but you can do it. Hang in there.
My thoughts are with you and @OfficialJLD - my mom has been going through treatment for it as well.
May your strength humor friendship and love  pave a smooth path to triumph
We are warriors!!  We will welcome her to the survivor club!  Stay strong and #kickcancersass
Kudos and blessings to you, Julia
@OfficialJLD Way to bring it back to be about u Mitchell. Very supportive Try again but don't think of yourself this time!
Disagree. I've survived breast cancer, & ppl like @mitchellreports sharing their strength were a source of great hope in my own journey.
She's not making it about her. She's saying that there's plenty of ppl who've walked this path and survived. It's encouragement. It's hope.
The people you will meet on the journey are quite remarkable.
As well as a lot of men
Right @OfficialJLD and when they hit age 65 we pull their #Medicaid coverage. Because they're amazing. Fighters. @E_J_Piper
@RepTomPrice when in doubt in prison, just bend over little crooked Tommy.
I am a member of that club. Treatment isn't easy but it is doable!
Thinking of you and wishing you all the best for total and full recovery.
My sister is in the club with you.
Andrea good idea to use your high school yearbook photo to appeal to a younger demographic. Crafty!
Prayers for JLD, admiration for her strength of spirit & thanks for the comfort given to all who share the journey.

‘Dumb as a ROCK!’ Chuck Todd proves himself IGNORANT of the Constitution with dig at Moore https://twitchy.com/samj-3930/2017/09/28/dumb-as-a-rock-chuck-todd-proves-himself-ignorant-of-the-constitution-with-dig-at-moore/ … via @twitchyteam
Everybody is pulling for you. You will do great.
Had to make it political. Typical.
There are no words...
20,000 gun laws on the books.   How will 20,001 make a difference?  What is your plan for the people that ignore your new laws?   Prison?  Death?  Nothing?   Obama hates children. He was Y OUR president and he did nothing.
I'm with you Julia. We have hope. I'm a 16 year survivor! #universalhealthcare
Strong women supporting each other! Love!
These are the issues we should be fighting and protesting for.There is no reason Cancer cannot be beat. To many ppl are getting this illness
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=5672 
Bring politics in and you lose! What does this elitist millionaire know? Get well and cut the political comment!
With 2 sisters, 3 sisters in law, 2 daughters & 8 nieces, it's bound to touch our family at some point.  #staystrong
You got this @OfficialJLD 
Indeed!
God Bless!
I was the 1 in 8, 5 years ago, and I’m still here, thanks be to God!
Sending you strength!

Stay strong. Kick cancers ass!!!
Diagnosed at Planned Parenthood no doubt. Since they perform all those mammograms there right?
Spot on sister. Spot on. #potusdipshit
You can beat the shit out of it. Go @OfficialJLD
Good luck
Go to Cuba for your treatment
Universal healthcare--criminally overdue in this country.
Thoughts go out.
Well-said.
It's a shitty club but there are a lot of great women in it. Get good care and feel the love. 
If Doctors recommended genetic counseling for women at risk of brca it would mean  my friend would not be fighting for the 2nd time #brca1
So sad for you but we and you will survive. Ignore the occasional troll and feel the support.
MPIP did not suggest genetic counseling for brca. They new she had family history. Never asked her if she was Jewish?
1) My friend is fighting breast for second time. Doctors need to suggest genetic counseling for Women with family history who are Ashkenazi
I'm a club member too. No one fights alone!
 to Julia. So sorry to hear this. Prayers and thoughts (and hugs) go out to you.
Fact is your union plan is better than a government run plan
Prayers for you Julia
My prayers are with @OfficialJLD and her family   God is will healing you.
My mom, a 2 time breast cancer survivor, is the most amazing, strong, funny, beautiful woman I know.
My dAughter is also a member of this club
Love and positive thoughts @OfficialJLD     You got this.
You will beat this because we r all praying & fighting with you
she is right to acknowledge good insurance
Amen.
prayers for Julia and her family
As a survivor, I can tell you it is doable. We are here to support you. Keep the faith.
I here you same with me. My Union has some of the best going. God bless and stay strong. #SizterSurvivor
Back in 1998 when I had breast cancer - I had private insurance I paid for myself.  I wish we could return to that system!!
Hope you don't have #BCBS! I just had to fight 8 mo's & get advocate for them to pay my $390 mammography! After $850/mo ins cost! 5yr chart!
With you
Wow sad news, may God help her through this!
what makes you sexy & desirable is not breasts, it's brains - and don't forget as this plays out.  thanks for continuing to be sexy lady
@OfficialJLD   Stay strong and be brave!!! Cheering for you. #healthcare 
were with you @OfficialJLD
Prayers and love to you my dear 

Darn it.
My Mother Went Through it and Survived.
Hoping for  The Best.
You are inspiring @mitchellreports. You too @OfficialJLD! Sending you strength!
Been there.  HOPE YOU DO WELL!
