New: Doctors, hospitals and insurers release a joint statement condemning Graham-Cassidy. "The Senate should reject it," they say. 
That's just an 'opinion' from the educated elite/lizard people. All aboard!
We all know that Republicans would cut airline safety in the name of tax cuts
Haven't you heard? All you need is faith!
Yes, faith.  I'll take science and reasoning to go along with it.
I think not.
They would if Rush and Sean told them to.
The ACA was always a POS. It could not be made in to a chocolate cake either. If you bought insurance you would understand.
@RandPaul @SenMajLdr @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain vote against. Have hope for America.
Even Ted Cruz won't get on that plane.
Well, yeah. But then again I'm kinda reckless and stupid, and don't care how much damage I do. 

So, what's your point?
No, but there's plenty in the GOP willing to pilot it
These republicans of today would because they seem to think they know everything while proving the exact opposite
Yet most Republicans will vote for it. Disgusting! Party before people is the Republican motto.
They're not getting in the plane themselves.  They're loading peoples grandmothers, disabled cousins & chronically ill children in the plane
brilliant, sir.
Logic. It's a beautiful thing.
More like....the plane can fly, but there is no way to know where you are in the air, and it has no wheels for landing, would you get in?
No.But if you paid me enough money I would buy my next door neighbor a ticket to his or her dream vacation if I were a Republican Senator.
What if the plane is for other people?
What if the plane's not in the air?
Well considering they passed it the first time and most doctors were against it
Problem is that the whole intention is to crash the plane.
Wait U mean listen to SAME AMA lobbied for the Obamacare catastrophe? THAT AMA? No they've LOST ALL credibility! Slither back to stupidland
@senorrinhatch & @SenMikeLee why do you still support this bill?
Could argue it's like asking pilots and aerospace engineers how to price & sell tickets and design all system logistics.
I believe a number of Senators would board. And then demand to sit in first class because, after all, they're special.
Would the plane give rich people a tax cut?
But what if you're planning to have someone else fly it, then collect the insurance when it crashes. This isn't about health care.
It's about a gigantic tax cut for a bunch of powerful filthy rich oligarchs who plan to be America's new aristocracy.
The oligarchs own the GOP, lock, stock, and barrel.....ergo the GOP doesn't care about negative fallout for citizens. They want that MONEY!

If I were a Republican Senator and Mitch McConnell twisted my arm, chances are that I would.
Uh. Don't you mean "couldn't land safely"? A plane unable to fly isn't going anywhere and is safe but useless.
What is the AFAH's solution? They have to know the ACA is a disaster.Throwing more money into it won't fix it. Just delay the inevitable.
Believing there coulld be bipartisanship in Washington is akin to believing in the tooth fairy. The pro Obamacare folks don't want change..
@SenRonJohnson Would you sponsor and vote for it, put your name on it, even when you know it's going to hurt people?!? You know this is bad.
No, but I am sure most of today's GOP would board that plane as long as they get tax cuts and Obamacare repeal.
Not a prayer. Keep my feet firmly planted on the ground.
No but if Trump told the #MAGA crowd to hop on board they would.
...I may be on to something.
As long as you give me orange Kool-Aid first.
well thats the thing, THEY have the best healthcare in the world. Theyre designing this for US, the non-1%ers
If Harley made an airplane, would you fly in it? (bumper sticker I saw once)
Not if you were in touch with reality but...
It's like a bunch of High School graduate wannabes trying to complete a term paper for graduation. Republicans are LAME!
@JonVeloski
You're only talking about commercial not private charter flights, right? asking for a friend at HHS
I think it's called COMMON SENSE!
If so, can Tom Price charter that flight for y'all?
That's 50 Medicaid directors and every major medical organization. What will it take?
You would if your donors told you to. This scam health care bill is nothing more than a huge tax cut for the R’s donors. Koch brothers.
The GOPs wouldvif Koch brothers told them to .

You'd take a boat.
Rep Huizenga is willing to buy a ticket for the State of Michigan for that flight? We need Dr Robs common sense for the 2nd District.
apparently @RepJasonLewis would. Though, tbf, he's not had a good track record on this...
If your a dotard maybe
Only if you're actually hoping everyone will die #sinisterplot #notaboutpeople #representativesdontrepresent #yourefired #faileddemocracy
Did you promise your donors/keepers it would fly?
#Trumpkins would if the baggage handler was piloting it .. Drain da swamp yawl
because things are going so well as they are now
Politicians will never fix HC. BTW insurance cos shouldn't be at the table Coverage isn't care #DPC #realreform @RandPaul @AAPSonline
If that plane came with a $400,000,000 cheque from the Koch's, they'd force some POC to fly it
Remember, they're putting us on the plane. They have their own gold plated health insurance.
The reason doctors, hospitals, and insurers condemn the Graham-Cassidy bill is not the same reason the people condemn it. Less $ 4 them!
@RandPaul & @lisamurkowski
Perfect analogy!
I think the question is Would you give that plane to a stranger if someone promised to give you a couple of million dollars if you did?
trump would..lets build one...
@GOP is not interested in helping citizens only fattening donors" bank accounts for the next election #Russia2018
These clowns don't have to get in the plane they designed.  That's the difference
Ah, but they don't have to get in. They keep their gov't insurance. They don't care about the rest of the people in the plane.
The @GOP - yes, because the Koch’s gave them enough $$$$$
Healthcare experts or GOP?  Curious why won't GOP  listen to experts.  Hmmmm. . Koch brothers, anyone?
Congress all have their own parachute, not worried about the rest of us forced to fly on the plane.
Why #Republicans do you persist in this charade? To support #potus? Your loyalty means nothing. Do what is right for your people & country.
Definitely no!
What if your offered $400 million to get in and guaranteed you won't die, just the other passengers will die?
Hard to believe that GC and the R's are telling the American people to board this POS.  Must vote them all out.
@thomaskaplan more like forcing the pilots, passengers, engineers to get in, while Senators take the Acela.
When you have a private plane, you don't care!
Loss of respect for experts is problem.  Yet, access to expertise never easier.  Perhaps more accurate to say: selective respect remains.
No but I would put POTUS on it.
Don't forget to make sure Pence, McConnell & Ryan board, too!
Nope - they built the thing on the back lawn over night - has loose wings, hay bail for cockpit seat & the engine wont start-coughs & stops
The real issue is how to move healthcare from being 20% GDP to 6% GDP as in most other industrialized countries.

US is failing its people.
Trump, Graham, Cassidy, et al.-" Well, I wouldn't fly in it, but I'd make everyone else fly in it."
Hmm what do all of these groups have in common?? Hmmm... oh I know the loss of an uncapped system known as the ACA.
No.
TrumpCareGCBill
Tell us what the nurses say.
Well this nurse works in health care in Canada - due to a shortage of dr & nurses it might be slow but you won't go bankrupt paying for it!
If you're a Republican desperate for a legislative win, you just might hope to literally make it on a wing & a prayer, so I'd say yes!
The Republicans would if they had a chance to make trillions of dollars.  This is greed on a level that would make John Gotti envious.
No, and how crude a "design" simply taking your existing plane and gutting out its critical avionics and safety systems.
I think we’re using the word “designed” loosely here.
We should put Trump on the plane.
If your team got $400 million if approved and did not have to board plane but everyone else did, how would u vote?  48 @GOP fails so far
Isn’t that kinda what the Wright brothers did?
Seriously?!?!
Only if I could charter it & charge it to taxpayers.

OH, wait.
They're putting us on the plane, Republicans have their elite charters.
@senrobportman would you get in the plane that the GOP is trying to shove the rest of us in?
No, but if you're a Republican Senator, you'd obviously have no problem sending your constituents for a ride.
Which of YOU are gonna put millions of people on that plane? @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain @SenCapito @senrobportman
Doctors, hospitals and insurers...breeding grounds for liberals, to be sure.
If Trump was flying the plane, most of the house and senate GOP, MAGAS and deplorables would hop in.
If you're Mitch McConnell you strip out the seat belts, oxygen masks and life vests before others can board. Mitch has his own plane.
@thomaskaplan 
I know an idiot will buy anything. I'll sell it to him

I heard there are millions more idiots who are ready 2 Buy
If Trump told them how many, many people said it was safer than walking, Trumpkins would line up for days & their congresspeople would .
Get Out of Ego GOP'sShut that Terrible Bill Down
Then again, why bother? Trump says it's a great bill and includes all the things it doesn't include! 2/2
But they're writing new language this weekend! I'm sure they can deal w/all these issues before Rick/Bill testify at Monday's hearing. 1/2
Question: what would happen if the bill became law and states could not create new systems by deadline? Would funds disappear?
No, because I believe in science over faith.
Apparently Trump supporters would not only gladly pour on, they'd elect Joe Bob, the drunk in seat 45E, to fly the plane over Sully.
#GOP's actually taking $400MM of Koch bribe money to put all the rest of us on the plane while they stay safe on the ground.
Graham-Cassidy is a toilet paper airplane. It won't float, let alone fly.
Ah - but this won't harm the Rethugs! THEY don't have to get in the plane.
Mitch McConnell would as long as rich diners were gonna fly with him
The (appropriate) preposterous incredulity of this analogy fails as the target is wrongly presumed to be:
1. Rational
2. Insightful
3. Moral
Depends Did I pretend that the plane was going to be the best plane in the whole universe and scare people the working plane was bad 4 years
GOP would if it somehow damaged poor people and freed up some capital for tax cuts for the wealthy.
Yo! @SenTedCruz @JohnCornyn @LindseyGrahamSC    This!  
If i was the "idea guy" behind the plane, the guy with the "vision" then yes.
Absolutely not, but I am an engineer that supports DOD aircraft????
Seems like some have no problem with that death ride for the US healthcare system. And that's a problem only informed voters can fix.
If you're a Republican, the answer is "YES." They do not care about expert opinion. #IgnoranceIsDeadly #Anti-Intellectualism
This analogy is a huge swing and miss. Makes no sense
The difference is THEY rnt getting on the plane! THEY r putting US on the plane while THEY reap $ frm donors 4 their campaigns
Did I campaign on getting in the plane?
#maga morons would
I would listen to the mechanic
But the Senate's not getting on the plane. The plane is just for the poors, so it's okie doke.
No
Ah, but THEY are flying a private jet. This plane was made for you and me.
I guess it would depend on how rich my donors are and if they're going to shut off the tap if I don't.
Unsure. Depends on how my major campaign contributors feel.
@BittrScrptReadr Yes, not flying isn't bad. Flying and then not flying is much worse
What if the Koch brothers promised you $400M if you got on the plane that was 99% likely to explode?
ANSWER: Not just *no,* but *OH HELL NO!* 
Depends on whether I'd be willing to cut off my nose to spite my face.
nope, cuz i is smart  
The President and Senators don't have to get on the plane.  They have their own plane (healthcare) that doesn't suck. #FixObamacare
Let's put the GOP in that plane.
@realDonaldTrump @BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC ICYMI this is something you should read.

No, but .@gop would let us all board and take off.
Trump, his admin, GOP, Trump supporters, should all "get on that plane", seeing as they have complete "faith" in it.
http://www.esquire.com/news-politics/a12438782/cassidy-graham-bill-dangerous/ …
Bad comparison. The designers of this "plane" aren't going to be the passengers. Nor do they care about the resulting suffering.
Maybe, if getting in the plane anyway meant many many millions of dollars in donations coming my way
Only if you don’t care about your life.
Exactly! We will not be bullied into forfeiting our healthcare because Koch Bros. threaten to defund corrupt GOP Senators! #DemForce
No! We will not!
"HELL YES I WOULD!! as long as it is not piloted by a DC elitist but for a true patriot that will make the plane white again..!"
And what color is the sky on Friday?
If Trump told them to they would
Yes. If it was In regards to a political circle jerk.
Certainly not!
Abso-fucking-lutely not!!!
Okay, #GrahamCassidy  won't fly . HOW DO WE GET THE @SenateGOP  2 CARE ?
Congress doesn't have to get on the plane. That's part of the problem.

Perfect.
If urout the other end to pick up $$ and get on private plane. Legit healthcare plan is not @GOP goal. Satisfy their mega-donor masters.
The real question is would you knowingly certify the plane as airworthy and let others on it?
What if all the engineers, pilots, passengers, & safety experts told you the last airplane you flew in would fly but it didn't? #FullRepeal
The GOP would climb right in if the first black president sided with the engineers, pilots, and safety experts.
Amen! 
Never ever did anything like this get written about Obamacare! Know why? Because it was well intended and had a heart!

Fantastic example of this doomed heath care flight
Graham and Cassidy would be saying jump right on... then getting off and letting it blow up.
As an engineer, if an engineer tells me a system will fail I believe them.  Same here.
It's all based on spite
Unfortunately, congress isn’t “getting in the plane”. They’ll just strap US in, after which the Koch brothers pay them $300-400 Million.
ok but what if you'd been promising your family for seven years that you'd definitely fly in an unsafe plane at the first opportunity
Speaking of which, will Congress be on the same cruddy airplane? Or does G-C have an exemption built in like previous bills did?
Call your MoC. 
Need to kill this bill ONCE & FOR EVERMORE.
It is NOT DEAD until after next week. 
Please stand w/ most vulnerable among us!
GOP leaders would say "we promised the people during the campaign we would fly this plane" and would get in anyway
If you have a chartered jet and no one on the flight meant anything to you but you got paid if it took off, you'd certainly encourage others
Well....THEY might...decent human beings wouldn't.
If two somebody's hadn't done it......none of us would be flying now LOL Maybe the question is slightly flawed?  LOL
Nah, you would just take a private charter plane and charge taxpayers for it with the money you steal from healthcare. Right @SecPriceMD?
Like this kind?
Quick tweet senators here http://www.factpower.org/healthcare-tweetstorm3.html … then email/call using http://www.factpower.org/calltoactionhealthcare.html … #GrahamCassidyNO
TAKE A BOW SIR!
No but 1/4 of the country would if Fox told em to.
Scary and true.
If it was designed by the @GOP they would probably throw everyone on board, tell them to "Believe me!" and leave them all to die.
And then collect $400,000,000
You will if it's a private jet and your name is Tom Price!
Sorry, Andy. Probably not the answer you were looking for. #snarkypants
