that thing called LOVE is found here 
QUI FAIT QUOI ? ET OU VA-T'ON ? http://www.prophete-du-sacre-coeur.com/ 
Nice
I look up to u two
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/canbangladesh-turn-their-form-around.html …
Congratulations!


Vomit!!!
Bonjour, vous! :)
Quel beau couple !...
Je vous souhaite à tous une  très  belle  journée ...
Isabelle

Which one is the groom
moments shall never be loct #heavellronaldo
 @Rnaldogeda
Really
Congratulations to you both! Much respect and love to you and Barack !
Lord knows I love these two! Reminds me so much of me and my honeybunch of 48 Yrs!

Sea michelle obama  reciba ud  y familia mis respetos. Y  salud
Beautiful
congratulations!
Congratulations!!!
I love them.
So cute couple mam
Now they are a decent couple!
 Happy Forever After to the Obamas 
Wow this is amazing still going strong
Happy anniversary Mr & miss Obama, we missed your leadership
I am sure he never had to pay off a hooker either. Mr44 is a great man
@Yungdagger_dic if you ain't trying to be like this, don't put a ring on it
I have a very nice family and a very good wife
Happy Anniversary! We love and miss you both so much!
No we don't.
Your marriage is an inspiration. May you have many more happy anniversaries.
Happy 25th
Awwwwww, you two kids....Bless you both and be good to each other as you both deserve all the happiness this universe has to offer! And thank you for 8 of the best years ever!
Happy anniversary to two of the most normal, extraordinary people!
Responsible leader, home maker and an achiever. Happy many more years anniversary

You guys are my inspiration! Best wishes on the next 25!
I’m so glad you’re no longer in the WH for your sake, but damn I miss y’all.
how much do you him?
@lilbutterball14 @BarackObama ...
Wish I could find this type of love.
Michelle, would you please spare him to CLEAN UP THE MESS from the Orange Menace?????  He's killing us!  Oh, and happy anniversary! ;)


Happy anniversary!  May your lifes continue to be blessed with your love for each other, your wonderful daughters, your beautiful influence in this world.
Happy 25th! We miss you both.
we love him. and we love you. happy anniversary.  #pleasesaveus
Happy anniversary @BarackObama & @MichelleObama  #realleaders
Happy Anniversary to you both!
You two are still the most beautiful couple.  I miss you.
Happy anniversary to you both! Enjoy this great day!
Happy anniversary. Miss you !
We miss you and your family.
There Should Be A Picture Of Donald & Ivana Trump Next To This Picture, So Everyone Can See The Difference Between Beautiful & Ugly.
Thanks obama for everything, my country would like you and Michelle to visit anytime.... A proud Canadian
Happy wedding birthday to you both. Thank you so much for your services, we miss you very much since you left the White House. We absolutely do. We will honor your work and Legacy by standing up against such fundamental Darkness.
We cling to you, and look to you for stability. Your girls lucky to have u as parents. We're lucky as a nation 2
Yeah- a one year reprieve so far from total disaster after ObambaZinga
You're an ass............
You guys! The cutest.
I congratulate you)
Relationship goals.
God bless and many more!! 
Happy 25th Anniversary to the both of you wonderful outstanding people. I'm proud of you!
Happy anniversary You guys 
True class
We miss you  President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama.  Thank you for being leaders for good.
Thank you for 8 wonderful years.
To be honest, majority of Americans would like you to be our next president. We  you & Barack Obama.
Don, I wouldn't ask anyone to sacrifice themselves again for their country. They put in 8 Great years, let them enjoy themselves now. Others must pick up the torch for Freedom and America since Trump has dropped it in the mud.
I miss you both so much.

Would be great to have a President Michelle Obama medal, with your face looking at his! You'd smooch forever! 
Because that's what "real" couples do!
Love wins. Love all ways, wins. 
Also, thank you.
What a wonderful couple you are, Happy Anniversary to you both.
Happy 25th anniversary, Mr. and Mrs. Obama!! The chemistry, love and respect you share are among the many things I admire about you. May God continue to bless your beautiful union. 
Great photo. We love and miss you both.
Much love to the both of you. Happy Anniversary. 
Glad to have seen first hand how a president and his first lady interact! So proud of you both!
Come baaaaaack!!!
So beautiful  so charming @MichelleObama
 happy marriage anniversary, wish you happiness and success
Oh mom and dad....oops, I mean Mr. President and Flotus, Happy Anniversary to you both.
The US was lucky to have both you and Barack Obama.  Those who have sound values miss you dearly. Please help us turn the country away from it’s current wayward course and back toward progress and justice. May you both live long and happy lives.
History will hold the Obamas as one of the most beautiful couples.  Love, respect, and integrity in action.
Love,
The Koch Family

(no.  Not THOSE Kochs )
Gawd how I miss them!
Love and miss you two.
We love him! Congratulations!!!
Dam only 1 spouse are you from a parallel universe where paying off a porn Star not to talk is wrong. It’s like the 2 of you were a lifetime ago.
Congratulations nonetheless!
OMG those young kids!!!!
25 years is a long time of loving and it's wonderful to see! Congratulations to you both. This is what love stands for. Best of life to you both...and may many more years of love be yours!
Happy Anniversary, Barack & Michelle.  You deserve all the joy you have and much, much more.
Happy Silver Anniversary!
Love them both!
To 25 years more!
Happy anniversary Pres and First Lady Obama.
Awww Happy Anniversary!!!
#Thankyou for sharing 8 of those years with us - your impact was felt around the world and we miss you so. #HappyAnniversary

GREAT people! All the best to you both.
Happy Anniversary to the sweetest couple I know! 
Still one of the best men we know! We miss your poise & presence in the White House... both of you

Spoil him rotten Mrs @MichelleObama and have a pillow fight too while you're at it. Oh and G'Day from Sydney Australia
The difference between this extraordinary couple and the loathsome parasites who took their place, if I think about it too long, gives me abdominal discomfort.
Happy Anniversary!
#NAMBLA
It would be a dream to stand in front of both of you and shake your hands. 
Happy Anniversary
Sorry I missed your anniversary. Hope it was a great one, 25 is a big deal. We are catching up at 21.
Happy birthday!! 
You two are just awesome!  A beautiful couple and a great example for anyone to look up to. We miss you in OUR WH
We love him, too!  And we love you just as much! Happy anniversary to an amazing couple!
They are the very best!
THE CLASSIEST PEOPLE
Congrats! Glad there is are public figures we can still point to as examples for our children.
Like her too ?
The ONLY ones who EVER bring up Race are YOU the racists. Why do you do that. Race cards are worn out and expired = FAIL

That Miss Demeanor lady is crazy.

Like Ann Coulter crazy.
You like Marx ?
Wow such a wonderful loving couple always setting a finexample  for youngsters teens adults and seniors all over the world, I’m Canadian and admire them so very much they are what being American is all about
This is JUST the Tip of the Iceberg. It was a horrendous 8 yrs. Unfortunately your Trudeau is just as bad if not worse.
have you been in a coma for the last year?
Apparently you have, if you haven’t paid attention to the previous eight - and even before that. 
I wish I were in a coma now, with the orange menace ruining the country.

Still catatonic, but having Fantasies. Welcome to Reality.  PHool 
Late posting, but every time I see you two I feel American families has hope. Happy Anniversary!


Congratulations on your 25”
Are you going to run for Governor?
Ever celebrated couple..
Ni sawa
Thank you Michele for saying yes and changing American history.. we are forever grateful.
The  most wonderful person in world we love you Both thank you for service.
You guys look exactly the same! Much admiration & Thanks 2U both for ur service to our Country
@MichelleObama @BarackObama @bara
Happy anniversary......frm kenya
Happy Anniversary !
God bless! Wonderful couple

God bless
Are you sure you’ve been married that long? Letting your CIA cover story slip? https://youtu.be/ubNCrsXTiFE 
Happy anniversary
Muchas felicidades a ambos, hermosa mujer Michelle, tu esposo se sacó la lotería contigo!
That is inspiring!
H.MA.
Which one is the MAN ??
You, and all others like you who push this narrative, especially in this thread of tweets, are among the most despicable of people.
That doesn’t look like a happy face, Michelle.
BREAKING
BOMBSHELL ACCUSATIONS NAMING FORMER PRESIDENT @BARACKOBAMA IN AN ADULTERY & CRACK-COCAINE FOR SEX SCANDAL - MASSIVE…
So photo shopped. Wow.
https://goo.gl/images/o53K6H 
You are the best
Thanks
Thanks Married for 53 years Susan now in a Nursing home.I love her more than ever.Cuddles and having her close 

Why is Michelle so much more masculine than Obama?

Congratulations!

Congratulation
Mrs. Michelle Obama, you have changed very little, but being POTUS made Mr. Obama grey. The office seems to do that.
Now JamaZukiswa this is the wedding and anniversary we should be talking about and celebrating.
Never changed in 25 years........

C ant wait for MY "Obama"
Beautiful couple
Truly amazing couple.

The only 2 people, That held the WhiteHouse with Grace,Respect,Peace,And most of all Humanity.PLEASE COME BACK WE NEED TO FEEL THE SAFTY OF OUR LIFE ....AND A BIG THANK YOU FOR SERVING AS OUR GREASTEST PRESIDENT
No, you are the most extraordinary MAN I EVER SAW.
http://gofund.me/cheer-tournament-in-florida?pc=tw_cr_n … … via @gofundme
Oh @BarackObama & @MichelleObama , you both are the most beautiful couple! Happy anniversary  How I miss you protecting our democracy!
Happy anniversary !!
