wealthiest nation on earth? Net worth is assets minus liabilities with 20 trillion in debt our nation is worthless. People aren't thankfully
US gov has assets in excess of $100 trillion. That doesn't even include oil/gas/mineral, in ground, which is est at another $100 trillion
unfunded liabilities are also north of $100 trillion. True with federal land grabs I'm sure the natural resources on said land is abundant.
so? long horizon *annual* GDP will be $100+ trillion. And asset values, even at low inflation rates will rise, be like $500+ trillion 
stolen government assets from land grabs? Or individuals assets? Why does gov insist on debt to GDP being 100% plus maxed leverage forever?
GDP isn't assets. It's economic output. Government taxes it on individuals & businesses & taxpayers pay for government output. Not following
I never said it was. Said: GDP will be $100 trillion. AND *SEPARATE* from GDP, asset values will be $500 trillion.  Sorry if I wasn't clear.
whose assets individuals and institutions? Government has nothing it doesn't take from someone and a lot of debt and unfunded liabilities.
Nothing is a Right if it entails totalitarian control and confiscating the fruits of another's labor to "give" that "right" to others.
Is public education not a right? Public safety in the form of police and emergency services? Isn't that a right as well?
You pay a great deal for all those, they ain't free
You pay a great deal for health insurance, too. Would it be nice if healthcare was just a service provided to you through tax dollars, too?
No, don't seek 2 have every need supplied by Govmt. Choose 2B in control of my own healthcare. Have found most gov services 2b quite lacking
This idea that the gvmnt controls my healthcare - where does it come from? They don't. Certainly no more than an insurance provider would.
Wth all due respect, gvmt is NOT now controlling your healthcare. Thank God. Wouldn't U rather make ur decisions than have them made for U?
I live in Canada. I make all my own healthcare decisions, I promise you.
Someone has to pay for it. I thought rights were things like free speech not going to the doctor and forcing someone else to pay for it
The government, which has the right to issue dollars, will pay for it. Tax will be collected afterwards to keep inflation down.
A government that's $20 trillion in debt will just add more debt by having health care for everyone
1. Debt in dollars is not a problem for a government that issues dollars. 2. Healthcare spending improves GDP, which the government ...
can then claim back (partially) in taxes. 

The US government's debt is just a record of all the dollars IT has issued, nothing like ...
private debt we'd take on. https://youtu.be/90l0Z_tEsQk 
I will go for that as long as the doctor can treat rhe person and prescribe their meds with out the gov deciding what they should have
Insurance companies dictate that now
Who cares who you stick it to when there's. A need
The Clowns R coming for our Health Care Led by Lindsey Grahm Cassidy Heller call them and let them know HC IS A RIGHT NOT A BUSINESS#ACA
Right now  I want to SAVE/FIX the ACA, and flip the house in 2018,.The discussion starts now but let's keep our feet on the ground
@sherryazellers  I support it too but it's not gonna happen. Tweak ACA
I agree with you u all your life and pay your bills taxes and all the other then we get older we can't get better health care.
I'll support this extreme goal when YOU pass laws that
Grow The Economy,
Create -5% Unemployment,
Mandate English,
End Illegal Immigration

We have paid in our whole life to draw Medicare , can't see how they can pay for everyone who has paid nothing in
everyone pays a low premium as in medicare. high business and personal premiums go away.
So you want the government to own your medical needs. Smart nobody would wanna become doctors and hospital would overcrowd look at Venezuela
Weird how France and the rest Western Europe have better medical results without any doctors.
Weird how y'all just don't move to France and europe. Oh wait it's because Islamic migrants run the streets at night. Women are scared.
But are there doctors in France? Does France have a higher live expectancy, lower infant mortality and overall better health outcomes?
They get paid 40% less than doctors in America. You don't think it's the culture thing and not a "free Medicare" problem
It was always the plan for "O" Care to Fail...1st Step to Socialism->Health Care...#MedicareForAll #EnemiesWithin
I support #Medicare4All because I hate it when parents I work with infect me
Plus u can pay for it 4x's over!
thank you ...
Amen, amen, and amen!!!
Health Care & Senior Care providers must be banned from encumbering a patient's family home to cover cost of care. The Final Insult!
You bet, Bjorn -  a real obscenity.
Right
Sen. Patrick Leahy is just another bought & pd for lying democrat pig who DOES NOT SUPPORT #MedicareeForAll !!!
Huh? He serves with Bernie.
#Chapter1Article7

Thank you senator.
YES!!!!  EJ
We are 20 trillion in debt. We are not rich
Of course, Oprah! Give away more of my taxes. It ain't coming from you. Wake up! I'm probably more informed than you are but I'm not running
TY!
No, YOU WANT REELECTED!! RIDING BERNIE'S COATTAILS, EVERYONE OF YOU SKUNKS!! #TraitorsToAmerica #Sellouts #Liars #SwampRats #NotVotingRatsIn
Not just the wealthiest nation, how about the world and we assign our military to a new task #HealthCareForAll
Every western country provides national healthcare except usa. We are controlled by the pharma lobbyists.
Thank you for standing strong and speaking loud!
Gvernment had to protect ctizens not by building the military only should provide them with the healthcare like all civilized  countries
There is not enough money!  Get it!
better late than never
Make sure you are not just buying into a scam. Medicare for all sounds like settling for the easiest and most untested program to get it don
I agree but it MUST be practical.  Medicare/Medicaid DO NOT work.
Thanks Pat

You should never have gives your Superdelegate votes to HilLIARy

You have much repenting to do

#InBernieWeTrust
So your party finally shows it's the communist party
Glad you support it, thank you for taking a pay cut to fund Medicare for all 
Get these f-ing politicians out of our lives.Why do people trust these people.They have done nothing but bring ruin to all over & over. Wtf?
Would you vote to reduce all congressional salaries to $100,000.00 to help pay for health care for all?
Extremely unlikely!
You think taxpayers should pay for drugs & surgery to mask reality; indulging the sexually delusional?
your a socialist then.Better to move to Europe who has this and the people pay 65 percent in taxes.It's not free it's government controlled
You think people have a right to have others pay for their irresponsible behavior; unprotected sex, drug abuse, etc.?
The entire bill is just a scam, and I hope that it doesn't pass.
So you're saying that you're going to dictate that a doctor provide care eh? That sounds like true freedom. #GetThisMoronOutOfHere
If I won't give you my money for your "right", will you take it by force? Of course you will. Tyrant.
But but Obamacare...
Thank you  Senator.
Down with Communists!
Too bad you didn't support your colleague, Bernie Sanders,in primary. We might already have #Medicare for all. Well, better late than never.

By that logic, hunger isn't a business opportunity either, so restaurants should just hand out their food for nothing. That sound right?
For you Mike
Thank you!
Crappy medical care and underpaid doctors. We can do much better!
By the way it is not a right for health care but it is a privilege
20 trillion in debt so not the wealthiest nation.
We won't be the weakthiest nation on earth if Trump stays in office much longer. He'll run us into the ground.
Yep, closing in on Oct 1st.  He's been floating on and bragging on Obama's economy.  Maybe people wilk learn something this time.
Will the Senator use this healthcare?
I think many Elected Officials are already using a form of #MedicareForAll? And @SenSanders thinks everyone should have same right...
I support Sen Leahy you and all of government to be forced on to Obamacare like everyone else. No more catallac plans for gov only!!!
YEAHHHHH, Because we will just go trillions more in debt, give the people crappy medical care, like the vets get now.
most unhealthiest. We abuse our bodies more than others. Look up statistics. I work hard to be healthy. Shldnt pay 4 ppl suckin dwn bigmacs
Maybe you should support a balanced budget, $20T in national debt as of today
Being on disability and when you are taking med and social security takes plan B away with no insurance with blood disorder and crps  BIG NO
Dear Sen.  Great idea. Please tell me how are you going to pay for it??
Thanks
Thanks
Thank U
Then again, you're not very bright when it comes to Economics 101, are you?
When are you crackheads going to learn, WE have to pay for that and I already can't afford your healthcare.
So did Harry Truman! https://www.trumanlibrary.org/anniversaries/healthprogram.htm …
Awesome! Now, where do you stand on campaign finance reform, and, assuming you care, what's your plan to make it happen?
I thought how an actor makes millions for PRETENDING to be a cop.While REAL cops get paid zip for defending U.S.Hlywood elite preach at US 
The 1% want to keep all that wealth concentrated in their greedy fists.
@MrScottLads A disastrous idea.
USA is BROKE

Did U Miss that Memo @SenatorLeahy

Giving Away FREE STUFF 4 Votes only Works Until theres NO MORE to Give Away

WE'RE THERE
Why not do tax reform and allow families more money to keep and not tax them, yes, that will b done. And how about forgiving debt, forgave
I'm so glad to hear that we can redistribute your salary,the value of your home and any savings to pay for healthcare-TERM-LIMITS rid D.C.
Thank you!
We aren't the wealthiest Nation. If you call being 20 trillion in debt wealthy then you need to #TakeTheRedPill
Another socialist Democrat, with ur MONEY! !!  Will he still be an elitist, with better Healthcare? ???
Why don't you ask our Veterans about the shitty health care they receive.
https://mobile.twitter.com/YALiberty/status/904826540906745857/video/1 …
Yes, but we have an immediate crisis looming - have to kill the Graham-Cassidy bill. Call attention to this - could pass in September!!!!
It's a horrific bill, isn't it? Block grants will not work...
Thank you, Senator, for co-sponsoring Medicare for All!!
Says the politician with perks.
Fired
@realDonaldTrump

Poor ppl ALREADY get #MedicareForAll

Its a Ploy 2 Control EVERY ASPECT of ppls lives
& DEATHSexcept the 1%
Yes, I was born in a family of sheep, but as a Ram; unwilling to go along w/the 'Status Quo' & Butt Heads w/everyone w/an Ignorant POV.
Thank you senator...
DO YOUR JOB!...FIX OBAMACARE!
You liberals keep saying that we are the wealthiest nation. Based on what? Does China, Japan, Korea, Germany, have less debt than us?
Now would be a good time to cut all pensions and Health Care from all government employees make them pay for it themselves
Of course you won't have it. You'll have special health care cuz you're rich off of the taxpayer dime. Scum.
Noticed u didn't say "good healthcare" should be a right. But don't worry. Wouldn't have believed you anyway.
Stay strong. People are idiots.
Please tell that to @NancyPelosi
I will agree with you if you give up a few government perks to pay for my dental bill. I spent over $1000 on my teeth. Total tax deduction?
Because you're a politician and want to be elected for another term instead of addressing the real issues. #easyway
It is a real issue.
Have you read the bill yet? Because I want to!
So you can control all the little people
- says the man who has a congressional Helathcare and not Medicare
Your rights require that you take from others involuntarily, that's called collectivism.
In a free society your wealth should be determined by your choices, actions and abilities.
Can't have open borders AND free health care
Health care should be a right. Health insurance is a privilege.
So doctors are going to be forced to work for free? We're enslaving health care professionals?
Maybe learn the difference between health care and health insurance before you take to twitter to bloviate.
It wouldn't the wealthiest nation for long
Are you enjoying having the best health care money can buy?
And so would you if you weren't such a jackass.
You were nowhere to be found.
Where were you when everyone was screaming HE'S A GODDAMN SOCIALIST!?
Really? Then why don't you ever publically stand up for your VT. co senator Sanders?
Medicare is rampant with waste and fraud! https://twitter.com/cinderpugs/status/903424210218844160 …
I'm against it!!!!  Free markets are better.
Not in healthcare or certain services (e.g. water) where there is a natural monopoly.
Will you be participating or are you exempt and will have private insurance?
who pays for it...you fool
Hmm I thought that was put on the floor already? You did not vote yea? Refresh memory when McCain stab Az voters n back.
I don't know why I ever thought Senators and Congressmen were supposed 2 b somewhat intelligent. Guess just have 2 b sly & crafty.
I'll go with this when congress is covered by this.
Simple question to lack of intelligence liberals. How do you pay for it? Hopes and dreams will not cut it
Only rights ppl shld have are the RIGHTS they are willing to work for to have, no one has the RIGHT to expect others to provide for them.
Wealthiest? w0t? you know how much debt we have right now?
Dollar denominated debt is not a problem for the government that issues dollars.
Glad to hear it...now get your colleague @SenCortezMasto on board.
Will you put yourself on it? Or will the "cadillac option" remain for you elites?
Single Payer Healthcare is a moral imperative! 24 of 25 Democratic countries ALL Agree.
I believe middle eastern countries have that title. You'd think a senator would be smart
Rights can't be rights if they have to be taken forcefully with the threat of violence from someone else.  
You have no right to other people's work.
This sounds great! But can you explain to me how we pay for it? Do you have a plan Senator? Or are you pandering? #MedicareForAll
Didn't you know? Promising free shit gets votes!
You do math? We have 20Trillion in debt. This wealth is a no spending limit credit card from China. And no, taxes won't cover it all.
China doesn't print dollars, the US government does. It can never 'run out' of money for medical care.
That's the very cause of the inflation that's ever-so-steadily decreasing the dollar's buying power and making everything so expensive.
So you support the elimination of all the jobs that will occur by this program.
>Wealthiest nation on Earth
>Had the freest market on Earth until Socialists came in
>Now has $20 trillion debt
Oops forgot you can't greentext on Twitter...
Get the fictional government out of the compromised health care business
guns are a right in the US but that doesn't mean they're free
Corrupt Dems throw liberals shiny object that won't pass doing ZERO to END price gouging pharma&ins companies #publicoption
Then you pay for it
Figure out where the trillions of dollars it will cost to run, then support it. Until then it will remain a fantasy!
The US government issues its own currency. That's where the US dollars will come from.
Sounds like a great idea, give everyone the same shitty healthcare you give our #veterens

#MAGA 
Yeah but Trump fixed and reformed the VA.   Thank god for Trump fixing the VA!
Patrick - Will you stand in line with me to enroll?
That's a silly question Lori Kern. No he won't are you blind, he's head covering the showcase #democrats
Then why didn't you do something when Obama was President? Exactly! You and the Obama admin did nothing!!
Wealthiest or most in debt?
Yeah except we are not the wealthiest action on earth we are close to the biggest in debt nation on earth
A service can never be a right. Will you force providers to work or face prosecution for denying rights to others?
Are you just... not aware that this wouldn't be the first service-turned-right? Are you actually missing that data?
How will we pay for it? How about Congressional health care for all?
can any other normal person! We're already in debt to CHINA!  US of A filed bankruptcy in 2015! Tell the TRUTH for once!!
Or, is it because Medicare has ongoing funding problems & Congress is looking for some new way out of the problem?
Sen., there is no "should" for rights in the US. They either are or aren't. If you don't get that, you're violating your oath of office.
ARTICLE V:
 
You do not have the right to free health care. That would be nice, but from the looks of public housing,
ARTICLE V:
 
 , we're just not interested in public health care.
money years before u have it! When was the LAST TIME Congress had a BALANCED BUDGET? I can't pay my bills like that, neither
We topped 20 TRILLION in debt just yesterday! #MedicareForAll
I need a reality check & need to step outta the beltway more often if u think we're "the wealthiest nation on earth" U spend $
Did it ever occur we are so wealthy since we have a healthcare system you have to pay for?
With $20B in DEBT ($10B under Obama), we ARE NOT the richest country, nor should we pay for other people's problems!
Then propose a Constitutional amendment, or do you not know how our laws work?
I went to the University of Vermont. You've always been one of my favorite Senators. You are a good man. Thank you! 
#MedicareForAll
We're in debt and you talk so much crap
You don't care how much you have to steal from hard working Americans for votes.
Thank you.
Then explain how you plan to magically increase supply of care with this massive increase in demand...you can't. #fools
We are 20 trillion in debt, how does that make us wealthy?
Why not just mandate a nice house, car and great food for everyone?  Why stop at healthcare?
Why don't you forfeit your health care plan and have to use ours the same way we do! Your all a bunch of hypocrites.
who's going to pay for it?
Why talk about that, just throw out feel good phrases like "wealthiest nation on earth"
Then will owning a car and controlling the cost of it be a right? Maybe the right of owning a home? Where does it stop?
yes and have 32 Trillion added TO OUR US Debt....which is at 20 trillion because of OBAMA soo democrats wants US to have 52 TRILLION DEBT
As long as no one is exempt and poorest to top 1% er's has same insurance at any hospital/Doctors. Never will happen! Totally repeal&replace
Including Congress.
How about equal justice in #Vermont Courts! No heat and eating pet food for three #VT winters due to Corrupt Court http://corruptvermont.com 
You do not hold  the power to determine what is or isn't a right. #Tyrant
I shouldn’t have to make mortgage payments because housing should be a human right, in the wealthiest nation on Earth. 
RIGHT!! Unfortunately if we left that up to Gov we'd b living in tin shacks & slums like South of the Border
Yay more government control and higher taxes.  Screw you.
@SenSanders USA currently has health outcomes of a banana republic. Universal cover will make it better for all
Thank you!
Thank You!
You're a con man Senator Leahy....resign
