But it is how we do it in America to conservative groups. Look at Berkley.
Using Leaky Leahy as a moral compass probably isn't a good way to gain some credibility, Andrea.
This is Trumps country
Although it is rather reminiscent of a Trump campaign rally. Just sayin'
but Andrea, Hillary had emails
No...it is an act of war! American Citizens were attacked by Turkish Armed Forces!
It's just the beginning.
no, but your present government wants to fine them thousands of dollars to protest-not all beatings are physical. Get over yourselves.
apparently we do, didn't it happen here in America?
How about we not talk but go arrest the guys who attacked? Diplomatic immunity, my ass.
Has pRESIDENT Trump acknowledge this?
Appalling. This is who Trump welcomes into this country. Press charges.
Erdogan should be kicked on his bottom out of this country.
Do those bodyguards have diplomatic immunity? I hope not.
Yes we do.... or have you already forgotten many of Trump's campaign rallies?
Erdogan's thugs committed an act of terrorism on Americans exercising their constitutional rights! That's not okay!
Charge them!
It's not even the first time 
They did it last time to why not no repercussions!!
We should not let those thugs leave the embassy.
Would like very much to agree, Andrea, but there's not much we can preach to anyone else now w/o sounding hypocritical. Thx to prez &GOP
A glimpse of why Erdogan has been criticized for his tactics against opponents...
Watched the video, very unsettling...A glimpse of why half that country hates Erdogan!
disagree, they should've arrested.
You should, absolutely, but don't omit to mention the citizens of Charlottesville & their shameful display - not exactly progressive either!
Trump is taking notes.
Have you seen the anti rallies? Open your eyes
unbelievable. Turkish thugs. That Trump hosted. #AutocraticThugs.
#AMR no, we should ban all his current bodyguards from the country
It is now... part of being great again.
This is wht Happens when u hav a President that Doesn't hav Respect 4 his own Country. If he has No Respect 4us, Why should other countries
What a ridiculous underreaction.  Yes if we just say very very very strongly, then certainly someone will do something.  Simpletons.
Really, tell that to the Soros hired thugs
Some examples of late may prove to the contrary.
They should all put in jail and then send them back.
When we bring dictators & murderers into our country, they bring violence with them. Keep them out.
How about police arresting them for assault?
But the president sure wishes it was.
Where's Trumps Sec of State, where's Congress...are they all AWOL.  Whose running the stinking show?
They should be immediately expelled from the United States and never allowed to return.
Unless they are water protectors or Occupy...
Those involved should never be allowed to enter the US again.
Well, I say very strongly that impeachment paperwork needs to be started. Now will it happen? smh
you killed over 3000 civilians in iraq. This is your report. Please we are not fool.
And Prez meets with leader.......
Why isn't MSNBC talking about this on-air?  I don't see any of the major news outlets covering this...
So tough. Wet noodle tough
Really?  Unless you are a Conservative in Berkely, then you get beaten up.
What you should do is learn how to tell the news without you obvious liberal bias!
Better yet, what can we do? They are not known for listening.
We should arrest them.
@maggieNYT @SenatorLeahy "Say"???? Fucking prosecute the ones involued. Why weren't there enough DC Police there? 1st Time
Yet crickets from WH
@realDonaldTrump @WH @PressSec @VP We can't hear you. Speak up and gain at least a modicum of public approval @IvankaTrump @GOP
But, hey, maybe it is now...
Ban them from the United States. Put them on a no-fly list. Don't just say strong things, provide actions, @SenatorLeahy
Like we told North Korea very strongly to not test any more missiles?
I say things "very strongly" to my kids all the time but it doesn't matter. This should be punished in anyway it can.
We don't do that in America, YET
That's telling 'em! You must really mean business @SenatorLeahy.
Ha. They had suits on so the PTB ignored their violence. Funny.
Agreed, Sen Leahy. Saying very strongly, in gruff voice, this is not the way we do things in America will definitely stop the Turkish thugs
That's it? Demonstrators were beaten and kicked in the head while down and that's his comment?
oh yeah. Normally you guys show some photoshopped pictures of so called MDW and kill 1 million civilians.
Really?
Not yet, anyway
Oh dear me, oh my, let's say things very strongly- story of our country right now.
Words. We should find out who the perpetrators are and kick them out of the country. Make a real statement Senator.
Much more needs to be done than just say that Senator!!
we should say GTFO
Aren't we supposed to have "well regulated malitias" for this kind of foreign attack on US citizens?
Rexxon has new State Dept policy not based on humanitarian but on $ interests and Pres loves Erdogan/Turkey
Erdogan and Trump = birds of a feather
That's it?????
@maggieNYT @SenatorLeahy But it is how they do things in Turkey #WhenInRome
Authoritarians are emboldened everywhere now.  He is always honored to meet them.
Unfortunately, that's the way they do it in TRUMP's America.
...except at Trump rallies?
How about we say it with some handcuffs followed by lengthy jail sentences?
Ya think?
Oh wow,  say very strongly!  That will send a message.
They all need to be prosecuted or thrown out of the United States.  Trump and the White House need to condemn it immediately.
And yet not a peep from knuckleheads in WH. Someone, drag Spicey from the bushes!
Cough ... cough ... Rodney King?
When POTUS siddles up to despots, this is the result. More to come no doubt
Silence from the WH!
What a strongly worded statement.
As long as we say it *very strongly*
And for sure he'd say the same thing if it was his Dad getting kicked in the head when already beaten to the ground. Shameful. Jail them.
Those Turkish thugs should be kicked the hell out of the USA.
Yes, for sure that's not the way you do things IN America. Because you mostly prefer to kill people OUTSIDE of America, except Blacks
Everytime they come they beat up someone, yet they can still come the next time and put on their show on US soil..Noone does anything abt it
Yes! Everytime Erdogan visits, his bguards beat up ppl,journos.Yet no united response from US politicians,journos,police to protect freedoms
I don't know about that. Kinda looks like @realDonaldTrump body guards at his political rallies
Yu are so Democrats love human rights invading countries build up terrorists ISIS alQaida ypg since lancers are like the angels of the world
do you think they care? no,they don't.  r you going to blame this on @realDonaldTrump ?
Not yet.
in Trump's America maybe? #trumpignorance is dangerous !
Try them fairly and make them serve their sentence here. This behavior can not be allowed. No more visits with Turkish officials..
Actions - not mere words!
Are any of them demanding State do something, or just words?
Yes, in america we allow protestors to beat up police and riot!
We should be jailing Erdogan's thugs. What the hell is wrong w us that we even consider talking about instead of arresting these thugs.
Trump silent
Has @POTUS spoken out on the conduct of Erdogans thugs. I saw a couple of them kicking people who were on the ground.
#TheResistance
That's exactly what we have seen from the left with their riots.
Better yet...arrest the besters and charge with assault!
Any administration comment on this?
Well, not yet.  If Trump gets off Scott Free, on his latest blunder, then he will know "Nothing Matters" for sure. Sen/Con DO SOMETHING!
It is the way Trump urges his supporters to behave at his rallies.
Yes it is. That's where it happened.
Well then @SenatorLeahy stand strongly against it in Congress and sanctions against Turkey.
Exception: Bob Creamer sponsored events.
We could have used about a dozen of those fellas at Berkley a while back..Maybe wearing black hoodies and bandanas wouldn't be so cool.
That WAS done in America. It already happened. Now what?

#ESPIONAGE: Trump Can Be Impeached On Charges Of Espionage, Under 18 U.S. Code ยง 798 - Disclosure of classified information, ยง 794 & ยง793. 
Perhaps expelling the embassy staff responsible would be a good way to say that, @SenatorLeahy
@SenateFloor @SenateMajLdr @SenSchumer I know you are all exhausted trying to keep up with WH disasters, but put your foot down now about ^
It's not?
That person, occupying WH, should have also said that! He adores dictators.
SO SAY IT
We have no clue what we do in America!  We follow blindly those in power, turn blind eye to their poor behavior, put peeves in office
Yeah, cuz like that's sufficient...
"and the lie detector test detected, that's is a lie!"
well, except--in fact--isn't it?
Who should be saying that???
What? And make Erdogan angry... C'mon!
that is exactly how the "loving" left is handling things now #UNHINGEDDIMMS
Where was feeble-minded @SenatorLeahy on this issue when @realDonaldTrump supporters were getting violently attacked at political rallies?
I agree with this sentiment, but that is some weak verbiage.
I don't know what country he lives in but it happens here too
Should? Or WILL? DO IT!
