Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great.
Do you honestly think he knows what he's actually tweeting about?
Me neither so I made him a diagram
The funny thing is that "republicans" in other countries support Universal Healthcare. The American ones don't know what it is.
What the Dems don't seem to realize is that if they "opposed" UHC, the GOP would trip over their feet to make it a reality.
Universal healthcare should come along with repealing ACA, and middle class taxes should not rise. The top 10% could probably cover costs
There we go again with the stupid "tax the rich" bs. How would you feel if u made companies and jobs and only got 40 cents for every dollar?
How I would feel would depend on how much I earned. Today, if my taxes go up and someone gets insured, I'm fine with that. 20 years ago? No.
Exactly. Since you don't make as much you don't get taxed as much as someone making 7 figures. So why do they need to pay more?
Society benefits from having a healthy populace, and the middle class can't save enough to retire. Why do you care if rich people pay more?
No one has to pay more taxes. If we develop a free market for healthcare it will allow for competition which brings prices down.
Health care is part of the free market, and should continue to be. That doesn't preclude providing basic healthcare.
No it isn't. If you go in and ask a doctor how much an Xray costs, he probably can't tell you unless he talks to your insurance.
0 care 
 400 month x12 months =$ 4800 + $5000 deductible= $9800 year. Hernia surgery =$4000. Pay cash and pocket $5800.
WRONG. Obamacare destroyed healthcare. When you get a chance, talk to average patriots, not Nancy and Maxine. How much do lobbyists pay you?
No it didn't
Sadly, the price of healthcare has escalated: rates, deductibles, co-pays, services and pharm. Try having a pre-existing condition.
And now pre existing conditions will allow insurance companies to charge even more and screw over more people
Wrong. The government has given big pharm the license to charge astronomical $ for meds. Free market. If they all sell direct, game changer.
Government is a cesspool of waste. Conyers is the last person to advise on healthcare. Lovely on paper. Trumps plan is a great first step.
This is wasteful https://twitter.com/ZaidJilani/status/861052007968276480 … when private insurers deny coverage after you are already paying. THATS WASTE.
This girl has spinal muscular atrophy, she is five. Last month her insurer denied her treatment http://www.kwtx.com/content/news/Insurer-balks-again-at-paying-for-local-girls-expensive-treatment-420017853.html … 
I just don't understand why Trump is getting rid of Obamacare rather than just tweaking it to work better. #CCBCPoliticalScience
more like ... wealthcare, amrite? hey, i'm actually kinda proud of that one
Bernie: THE TOP PERCENT SHOULD PAY HIGER TAXES

Also Bernie: is apart of the top percent, owns 3 houses, and pays less than Trump in Taxes
No they choose not to be crushed under healthcare premiums  to cover your old ass!
You mean how with trumpcare the poor and the elderly are screwed over?
Medicare covers those over 65 and we have CHIP for children. The new plan allows people to decide for themselves. Not forced! Choice
And as for the poor he cut the medicaid expansion so they are also screwed.
Again healthcare is not a right. Coverage for poor, elderly and children is available.
Coverage is not available for the poor and healthcare is a right.
Under trumpcare 24 million people are going to lose insurance.
No. Most will choose to not pay for coverage they don't need. Quite listening to Pelosi. She needs new meds
What a fool.
Are those 24 million the illegals that you protect?  The answer is yes.

Bernie...in all seriousness.  What can we as citizens do at this point??   Guide us
Lol you libtards are something else
What a "Uge" liar #45 is.  Investigate, Impeach, and send the entire admin. Out 'that door!
Did you hear the socialist ideas never work? See all other socialist governments through out history for proof. FACT
In the midst of all the news today,let's not forget the battle still is on 4 our HC.Appears senate may do something right 4 a change&reject
the GOP has created the real death panels, without the panel - just death.  They seem to create all they accuse others of doing.
Bernie I believe you work for the Clintons
@realDonaldTrump Pres.Trump is a great president.Why can't you go home and shut up.Let him do his job.
@realDonaldTrumpYou are not even cute much less funny
@realDonaldTrump of course you do,you are a socialist. Who is suppose to pay for your free ins. for everyone? YOU!
#wigssnatched #getsome
4 more days to ayden party
How many of those were forced to buy insurance they didn't want and now have those shackles broken so they can decide for themselves?
OMG. Bernie Sanders met with White Helmets (aka ISIL) and praised them. 
https://www.facebook.com/saneprogressive/videos/1481155105268300/ …
Back up what you are saying #liar
Bernie get real!  You don't give a heck about Americans healthcare just continuing resistance for your political benefits!

IS Bernie senile?  Vermont tried Universal healthcare & FAILED!  Commies never give up?
@realDonaldTrump u are a fraud
We should not be country in which we have banks to big to fail and bankers too big to jail.
Not getting kicked off. The 24 million deadbeats are not being forced to buy it. Get it right.
Donald how will it be great if 24 million people will lose their health care.
Let 'me get a job and pay for it like the rest of us!

RT
#Liberals #Progressives #NeoLiberals #TYTsucks #Minnesota #Iowa #wisconsin 
#illinois #Shattdered #PrimaryDems #JusticeDemocratsSCAM
my brother in law lives in Canada:works there!
It's still "universal healthcare"  you just need to prostitute your children to pay for it.

Reminder: During the election Trump promised universal healthcare for all... 
I believe in Universal Health Care Trump what the heck he's doing
Maybe you should have really supported HRC. We wouldn't be in this mess.
Two weeks ago you said you were about to introduce a single-payer for all bill. Where is it? #SinglePayer
I am with Trump and against Bernie!!!!!
I believe in options. Come up with your own plan instead of knocking down someone else's with nothing in place or motion. #yourkillingusall
#thankstrump
You are not telling the truth.
When your hero starts talking like he is a meme.... My day's perfect:3
Bernie, stop delaying introducing the Single Payer Health Care bill!
@TheGoodGodAbove @realDonaldTrump You are a gift
He didn't specify who 'universal' covers. Some universes r smaller than others.
Tricare works great! Why can't the ACA mimic Tricare?
Impeach Trump the worst President in America's history.
Bernie, let your ass heal first.
He believes in Wealthcare, Sen. Sanders. Tell it like it is. #Wealthcare
Seems like Russia is trying to destabilize the world of democracy country by country.
What is the prescription for Big Pharma to stop killing 106,000 people each year? It's not cutting costs is it? We need Freedom of Choice!
ONE thing...1 single thing you won't put your name on. Sorry: It's TrumpCare brought to you by GREEDY GOP.
We need universal healthcare. We're talking about human beings. It shouldn't about business or money. It's our health. Cap the cost of drugs
People don't understand what it is read about how on trumps plan you only have to pay for your conditions and no one else's
Watch Mike Moore's Where to Invade next and you'll see it's not just health that Americans are being "screwed"
Maybe he meant he intended to return people to their origins in the universe by death and decomposition?
Bernie: "The 1% needs to pay more"

Also Bernie: Pays less taxes than Trump and owns 3 homes.
Trump: I am willing to say anything to make you believe I give a shit about you.
Let's implement Australia Care!
Pls Bernie. Get with the"powers that be" & figure out how to get him out of the White House(not the People's House any longer) & out of DC.
How about fix the #USDA and then we won't have as many health problems. Regardless of how much we pay, it's still fixed fraud!
Trump is clueless-he just said universal government run health care is better than private insurance run health care. If only he had a brain
Then why are you backing away from supporting Women's reproductive choices 100%? This IS a progressive issue.
"How many yachts do billionaires need?"

Owns three houses. 

Be ashamed. You sold out to the DNC. You used to stand for something.
Showing again how Trump says anything, and it means absolutely nothing.
BERNIE U SAVAGE OFMFMMC
Except Bernie you're forgetting a few key facts here
-ACA only "insured" 20 million
-14.5 Million were put on Medicaid
-Medicaid enrollees are grandfathered in, they don't lose coverage
-The remaining were all attributed to two things
absolutely the right path
What have we learned but this President is a pathological liar and can not ever be trusted!
Then let's get universal healthcare! Not some new made up thing. Let's get what works in other countries. @realDonaldTrump
Go Canada!!!!
Wow
Please forward this bill out please do your best to get universal healthcare
Stop it in the Senate.
But her emails!
most of them were force to get it and didn't have a choice or they would be fined for not having
Universal healthcare approach in America?
Being human is a pre-existing condition. Royalty has access to all the modern medical miracles. What's left for you? Cake. Eat it.
#ilovebernie
I'm no Trumpite, but jst because you disagree with a bill that forces people to get health insurance doesn't mean you can't sup't uni health
Trump is delusional, vindictive and unfit!!!
Everyone who has seen all the lies go vote against the Republican manslaughter team headed by trumpus liarus
Is that the 24million that we're forced to by care they didn't want or need?
Perhaps if congress had to buy healthcare on the exchanges instead of the Cadillac plan they have they'd feel a little different about it.
More broken promises

Not you Senator
@RArchie6  better Health Care IS NEEDED #  SYSTEM IS BROKEN#WE NEED 100% BETTER# Stop attacking BOTH ARE CHILDISH KID BEHAVIOR
The situation of the world right now is making me heavily consider moving to Australia right now.They don't seem to take sh*t from anyone.:)
Kool Aid is best served chilled Bernie. #AHCA
Convenient to leave out the context of new legislation, treatment and care.  As well as @POTUS full text regarding our current health care.
Anyone that believes party before our country is flat out stupid! And deserve every single bit of @realDonaldTrump care! Yes, I said that!
"Sometimes American journalists talk about how bad a country is because people are lining up for food. That's a good thing." -Bernie Sanders
Trump's statement is that of truly a stupid person. And this idiot represents us all, I'm embarrassed!
I don't think Trump knows what the meaning of great actually is?
Just look at what the Socialist have done to Venezuela , destroy it..But the Leader have lots of money and lots of Food. Socialism Kills
Sounds to me the Democrat Party Sows evil and lies, & deceit 2 Destroy America and its People 2 take us over with Socialism/communist Agenda
You OK there buddy?
We all know that Insurance companies are profit before people.
Trump: "Nobody knew healthcare could be so complicated"..... Umm I'm pretty sure EVERYONE knew that... except him, I guess.
Yep...Oh sorry, I thought you were quoting Obama...
Delirious.
Inconsistency is Trump' s daily activity.
A bare faced lie. This is no plan, just abandoming the poor to their fate.
Regardez ce que Mr Obama se fait payer juste pour un discours... Trump, l'aurait fait gratuitement parce que son pays passe avant lui...
Je pense qu'il va faire tout son possible pour que tout le monde soit heureux...
Quel Président offre son salaire à des oeuvres caritatives?
Mr @realDonaldTrump est un grand homme 
This administration is so twisted!! Every statement convoluted w/ lies to cover their sorry asses & blame Obama for all
Obamacare kicked 60 million people out of there existing health care who now are uninsured.
How do we fix it?
Trump is confused by his own policies - it would actually be very sad if his ignorance were bot@so dangerous.....

Column: My husband would've died if he had his medical emergency in the age of #Obamacare http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/may/6/my-husband-wouldve-died-obamacare/ …
@realDonaldTrump i suppose you also want free lawyers to defend your wife
#feelthebern 
Dem leadership: 1,000's will die, millions off ins
Also Dem Leadership: Cheering it passed
@realDonaldTrump if you really want to do better by us, push for universal healthcare, it's about time
Healthcare will be revealed as it is soon, and average joe's will be horrified.
One can assume that Trump doesn't have a clue what's in the health care bill
You have to be extremely dumb or unethical as you know the ACA is failing.  What about Iowa and all but 5 counties will not have an option??
I believe in a single payer system for USA.we can't control spiraling costs without a single payer system like the rest of the world
I believe in a mixed system, where individuals can chose private or public health care.
Hey Donald, Australia has universal healthcare!!
Bernie came from nothing so he says now  worked for govt all his life but owns 7 homes ... where are our taxes going
If Trump Care is so good it should be the new insurance for congress!
Bernie what don't u understand . I pay $700 a month have a $7000 deductible... I have insurance but I can't afford to use it @TuckerCarlson
That's was Then and this is now-wait 5 minutes and POTUS may choose another view.

Comrade Jane O'Meara Sanders, aka Mrs. Bernie Sanders, in FBI crosshairs? http://fb.me/20cGGiDGI 
Bernie. Give it up.
I just got HC to avoid the $1390 IRS penalty, if I'm kicked off does that penalty still apply?
Nothing Trump touches will ever be great again.
Trump has been for a universal market, not single payer. 

Bird brain
.The U.K. has had the National Health Service since 1948.

Isn't it about time the U.S. caught up with the civilised world?
The lie that gave us the disaster of obamacare.  People did and do have health care.  fixing that should be the issue, not insurance
Mannn you should've won
It's about opposing state interference. Pure Liberalism = Social Darwinism. It's why Socialism emerged in the first place.
Dear Bernie, this is the moment to maximize your input & have fruitful conversations with @potus. All you've been working for can come true!
@POTUS is simply a clueless dolt. #DelusionalDonald #PresidentCon
