Trump is excellent at trashing our credibility
Obama destroyed America. Credit rating dropped to nothing g
Obama started out in serious trouble inherited from Bush.  The current economy is a result of Obama
lol still blaming bush? BO did that for 8 yrs.
Obama created the economic conditions you see now, not Trumpkin. Get your head out of that huge orange ass long enough to see that!
BO did shit for economy in US get your head out of his ass
Kindly do us both a favor and either learn how to spell or stop tweeting nonsense like your fearful leader.
I know how to spell learn how to read
Dear @POTUS @realDonaldTrump a shared affinity for opulent, gaudy lifestyles & buildings with wealthy men is not a value...
it wasn't your money he spent like politicians do
He meant after February because it only has 28 days, & he wants to do it all in the same month.
Day 31 
Can u say Syria, Obama did nothing to help slaughter, worse President ever
jealous because Trump got a WARM welcome and Obama didn't
Everyone gets warm welcome by Saudis. No need to abandon human rights for that. Also your caps button is broken.
Explain to me how the terrorists are concerned about human rights
Explain us how we are in competition with terrorists on who disregards human rights more?
I appreciate the sideline view, but running from the war that Islam wages, is like running from a monkey throwing feces, explosive feces.
One word, Axe: Iran.
u hate the US??!
But this administration cares nothing for human rights!! They care nothing for humans only money
if trump didn't care he wouldn't have put travel ban in which psycho Libs degraded. Libs don't care
Trump has a bifurcated brain.
Obama had no brain
You should know. Benghazi.
thats Trumps intentions to weaken US anyway he can....oh wait he has already sold us out to the Russians.
omg the dem excuse y HRC lost. Get over it get ready for that bitch to go down
Something doesn't sound right. Of course, Trump doesn't know half the time what he is talking about.
pelosi, warren, schumer etc come to mind
You're a bad joke. Go back under your rock.
Trump could cure cancer tomorrow and you would start complaining about overpopulation & more Global Warming!
Obama sympathized with radical Islam.
BO is one of them
Per Senator McCain
McCain is crazy
@realDonaldTrump abandoned human rights before this but glaring in the setting he was in today! #StopTrump #SaveAmerica
trump wasn't president before that was your boy Obama the fake american
Doesn't one have to care about human rights to abandon them? King Trump doesn't care one iota and also has no respect for national agendas
You know nothing. He cares more about Americans then most did. Why the hell do you think he wanted the travel ban? Our security. Not Obama
Maybe you shldve said this instead of attacking HRC over the made up Clinton Foundation scandal.
HRC is worse the Charlie manson
We should only abandon human rights in the service of sham nuclear deals, eh Dave?
Do you self load on this bullshit or do they load it for you, there are no human rights,only individual rights. Islam is criminal
Obama allowed terrorist to flourish & gave them arms. He was part of the enemy
Obama Islamist empowered Islamic Supremacists & let Americans die. Wouldn't let our military kill Islamic murderers
exactly!
Interesting, I didn't see on the news that Trump bowed to the King of Saudi Arabia like Obama did.
trump didnt
You should talk. Look what Obama accomplished in Middle East during his 8 years. Nothing.
Obama accomplished a lot, look how big jerkoff let Isis get. He's a traitor
enough of the pussification of America
yes we need to fight,wake up pos
You are still a communist after all these years.  You hate the USA.
Christians weren't protected by the Obama administration, your tears now seem hollow.
HRC wasn't going to protect anyone but Muslims. She downed every religion but muslim
you a political expert? So POTUS should bring Muslim countries together to fight terrorism while insulting them on h. Rights?
We will see you in Hell Mr. axelrod. From Above.
Screw you, David.  You are part of the problem!
A dbag says what?
Obama destroyed this country and world with his BS red line in Syria. That's why this world is the way it is. Thank God for Trump
Oh my gosh you are making a fool of yourself. Laughing Out Loud
When you won't even try to keep your own people safe yet invade us with illegals/refugees for your own self interest.
Under your boy Barry we have never been weaker. He was a joke and you look like a clown defending him.
IRAN???????
Pam Geller eviscerated you dude
What a joke you are to say such a thing, when Obama did nothing for human rights anywhere. He also trampled on us!
You Obama #jackass
Geez dude you can't be serious. I know you're a shill but this is stretching even for a shill.
You had your chance and failed. Let's see how the other guy does it
Show me one example where appeasement works, one, anywhere. Yoy should know about weakness from working with Obama.
What human rights are being taken away by cracking down on terrorism? Are you crazy???
You didn't seem to mind when Obama and Hillary were doing it...
And yet your man went to Cairo and apologized to them about how we get them all wrong.  

Do you guys think before you tweet?
Please show me the video of Obama speaking out for the Arab Christians that were being slaughtered.
BO doesn't stand up for Christians. BO arms the enemy. BO is pro islam
U really show us u have never care last 8years Obama n Hillary get money from Saudi etc Bengazi Isis Iran 150bill+13 terrorist Sharia in usa
10,000 have been jailed in Cuba since Obama was there. Obama did nothing when the Iranian youth had there uprising.
I guess that allowing Assad to cross the red line was done with human rights on Obamas mind? #glasshouse
Hypocritical putz. You have hundreds of billions of dollars to terrorists. Glad your group is sidelined
Your guys wife wore a head scarf.  Hypocrite.
Here's how it's done, son.  
Terror does not respect human rights. One thing you don't understand is culture and idiosyncrasy from others not necessarily against HR.
The entire speech is about human rights for all saving lives good against evil get a grip man
#Trump's first visit 2 the #ME must pain u given his welcome by BOTH the #Saudis & #Israelis - while #Obama's #JCPOA empowered #terrorists
Very ignorant and naive response to Trump speech I know you have your party to support and supporters but I expected more from you David
What you liberals don't understand is that friendship is a better agent of change than lecturing people like you are somewhat superior.
You really missed the point of the Saudi visit and discussions. The entire trip is about Human Rights.
So not in power clear passage did you not listen!The whole trip is about human rights-Obama admin made us look and did in fact make us weak!
Ecclesiastes 3.
...as if you could pick your country of choice before birth...
Why not try to solve immediate issues? How many prez have ignored violations when necessary? All of them. Let's not be hypocrites.
Inhumanity necessary to fight out inhumanity.
Puhleez!! Your old boss #Obama never met anybody he didn't want to drone. #Hypocrite
No, we don't have to and should not.
We need to stick to our principles. Human rights are a big issue which we should cherish, protect & promote.
Never said anything about abandoning human rights. 
Your playbook is old...get some new stuff, or at least be original.
You're a subversive. An agitator. If Trump brought Palestinians & Jews together you'd complain about the cost of the trip. Like your parents
YOUR PRESIDENT Obama weakened U.S. in the eyes of the world!!
Obama weakened the US in the eyes of Americans too, just not psycho liberals
The artist was too nice, the ass should be more wallered out from all the liberal elites running in & out w/the slightest of ease.
autocrats don't care how others see us. Just power and greed
False premise. #FAIL
Ok let's get all the #MuslimTerrorists 2come 2 ur house&then u can ask them what they think of ur #HumanRights
P
Your guy gave the terrorists refuge..President Trump is calling them out...Obama was profoundly weak..just sayin
Obama was a plant to take down smerica& he's still trying #deep state
The short answer is NO ... Trump's approach is purely mercenary and hypocritical
"We" are not abandoning human rights-Trump the malignant narcissist does not care about them. Trump is not "We" or "Us" or USA
bull sh t
You might have asked yourself the same question when you were selling the region out to Iran
Apparently we do. Especially important if we have private businesses there and get a $100 million donated to private foundation.
Not now David one step at a time
Get real. Solve ur own problems. Very tired of lecturing by you, Obama and most of CNN hypocrites. Solve your your own US sins. Make me sick
Aren't human rights abuses just terrorism by those in power?
Terrorism is a violation of human rights.
Aren't you forgetting the past actions taken by previous administrations?  Remember what was said and done.
Oh David you make too much sense.  That's a real turn off to the low info. voter.
You guys fought terrorism by sending pallets of cash to the world's foremost supporter of terrorism, you incredible fools.
Intellectual dishonesty.  For 8 years I didn't hear you address this issue.  Send me statement/quote that you made about this in S.Arabia
Evevdently America is doing something right, hince the Serian reseption.
American status quo bomb civilians.
She lost ok,get over it already Nobody is interested in UR soundbites.
The US has turned a blind eye to Saudi Arabia atrocities in Yemen
You know what weakens the US in the eyes of the world? Attempting to appease terrorists by releasing prisoners and funneling $ to sponsors.
Oh, will you please SHUT UP!
Terrorists have no humanity - your logic is flawed.
To @realDonaldTrump YES.
Yes, please do lecture upon what "weakens the US" in worldview
The world already looked at the US as a joke when Obama was sucking the tit of Iran.
NO, you idiots on the left and Obama abandoned ALL human rights for 8 years in Saudi.BUT NOW ITS AN ISSUE. FUCK OFF U CUNT.
Who are you?
we do not ever need to abandon human rights. Theres more than 1 way to skin ISIL, let's try 'em.
No, we mustn't, but it's not an issue that's high on this administration's agenda.
We're abandoning human rights for commerce.  $$
Right. Because the rich and privileged Osama Bin Laden (among many other examples) was such a victim before he turned to extremism.
Should we let a redline be crossed when chemical weapons used.
First things first.
Didn't W Bush's admin learn subordinating all anti-terror efforts to tactic of harsh policing is not productive?
I would think you would need a better reason than that to trash the Constitution.
How many people did obama drone?

Did someone suggest that or is it better to tactfully discuss that in a private forum. Obamas path did nothing to help with the Middle East
-  you & David your boy @BarackObama had 8 years leading the fight & it was an abysmal failure based on any standard. give change a chance
- parent told me leave things better then when you got them.  Foreign & Domestic Policy both worse... country & world divided...
We must stay the course of #Humanrights we did not fight many wars to overcome and to have history repeat itself.
We need containment. That is the best policy for dealing with Islamic expansionism.
Please just shut up.
That was my main issue. He didn't have to say anything publicly- he gave countries a green light if they are with us.
What are you bitching about? We've ignored HR violations for decades.
Barack Obama did a pretty shit job of standing up for human rights and supporting democracy, instead favored the "stability" of autocrats
yep droning civilians and American citizens by Obama was NOT very principled
@davidaxelrod abandoning human right is an act of terrorism.
.@davidaxelrod You should have advised your old boss!
How he ignored gross HR violations to please Iran mullahs
Admit it he failed on ME FP
Saudi Arabia just gave 100 million to the ivanka fund!
Pipe down hatchet....nobody is buying your spin
Impressed you got this message across in 140 chars. Bravo!
Hey let's do it Obama's way. And of course his advisor @davidaxelrod 's way because you guys did such a great job. #Libtards #NoMessageDems
Can Trump Fire Special Prosecutor? Can a President fire anyone? HELP
You and the leftwing liberals had a change  - within your 8 years you've made this world more violent. so get off the stage now
Trump seems not to know what human rights are
At least he didn't go to bed with those suppressing human rights as ur boss did.
Idk he looked pretty chummy, bowed when he met him, &gave him $100 mil in weapons. Seems very similar to what Obama did which I also
He never said that Axelrod.
He said it in his speech in Saudi Arabia this weekend.
I didn't hear it...Did he actually say we have to abandon civil rights/individual freedoms?
Why do you always argue in extremes? Abandon human rights? who is doing that?Only a written Constitution can protect rights & u r against it
That's what Putin wants.
Do Jews have a right to live in the Jewish Qtr of Jerusalem or pray @ Western Wall without being considered International criminals?
During the US prez election, "we" abandoned human decency for a promise of jobs that will never come back to the forgotten white worker...
No we must get rid of Trump
trump will go after his 8 years
????? Seriously ???? Fighting terrorism = fighting for human rights to live
You're Obama's former side man. So I understand where your views stand. Try again sir.
Terrorist HAVE NO HUMAN RIGHTS!! KILL THEM ALL
Let me guess,  you're a devout Christian.
Nope Im atheist, I'm going to hell, but I'm taking alot of people with me before I go
No No No! The one aspect of Greatness that America truly does need to regain is the Moral High Ground. imho.
The short answer is, "Yes!" You're protection is much more extensive than the rest of us "collateral damage!"
In Trumps world rights don't matter money does! It all about the bottom line no matter what the cost.
He didn't say that at all. Don't lie
Poor David...still trying to defend Obama...lol
Poor Snowflake
Dude, Trump is president. The rest of the world is trying to figure out who the new leader of the free world is,  becuase it ain't us.
Angela Merkel apparently.
But he didnt screech  like a banshee during the  speech so he's  presidential  today 
Pffft.  Come on, Dave.  The speech and assembly were historic.  Oh wait, Comey & Russia, right?  Silly geese.  Go Cubs, my man!
That sound just heard was you hitting the nail directly on the head.
Who will be the next Obama for Nation / Dems ??
I'm just going to leave this right here...
It's not a human right to immigrate to a western country
Well said. Trump stands hypocritical in KSA of not only what should be US policy but his own campaign rhetoric.
8 years of Obama confusion did what?
Come on we have been turning a blind eye to human rights that our stance is laughable!
Obama wasn't much different

Obama started the 100bn arms sale in 2016 despite no major improvement in human rights
Same criticism should've applied Obama admin's support for Saudi Arabia, Sisi's Egypt, & Bahrain.
I liked Obama but he had a poor foreign policy, especially drone strikes.
Stop being so smart!
