For the love of God, enough about the Obamas! 
Who cares.
horror
Who cares. I don't know why this wld evn be a post .....
My husbands and my 36th Anniversary on Oct 3rd too!! Happy to share with u.
Happy Anniversary but glad you’re not celebrating in the White House.  Now you are making the criticized ‘wallstreet’ money.
Don’t forget the Trump’s day in January
Happy Anniversary! 
Get a grip!
Happy Anniversary you two! 
“@TODAYshow: Happy 25th anniversary, Barack and Michelle Obama! ”
Happy Anniversary
Who cares??
Happy Anniversary to the Great couple Always blessed
News flash....he's not the president anymore.
thank Goodness he is not President anymore and we have a President who care.
Who gives a damn??
Yawn....
Here's to 25 more
Happy 25th, Pres and Mrs Obama! We miss you.
Happy Anniversary . Please stay in our lives .
Who gives a fuck
Happy Anniversary
who in the hell care about them. I promise you that they are not miss in this country.
Only not missed by you and yours. MOST people in this country do miss them
When was this taken.Years ago?
Happy Anniversary

So adorable I'm jealous
Happy Anniversary and many more to come xo
Happy very happy life together, excellent day.
(Sigh)
Please save us !!!!
Let it go !  - Frozen
3 reasons Barack Obama is a better man than Donald Trump: (1) Barack has only had 1 wife; Trump had 3 (2) Barack hasn't molested his daughter; ask Ivanka how many time SHE was molested & (3) Barack doesn't grab women by the pussy; Trump brags ON TAPE that he does. I could go on.
eww
Happy anniversary 
Luckly lady

Sure do miss these two!!
i would say congrads but according to her this 70 year old woman doesnt have a voice because i dont do things her way

The obamas spent more money on personal trips than any other president.   Obama your king.

they need to come back here right now and let us love them!!!!
Was looking for a Camelot video and then stumbled on this and now I'm an emo mess
I just threw up in my mouth a little.
Why won't these people vanish already?
Happy Anniversary! What love, mutual respect, and class, looks like! 
Happy Anniversary
Really! Wish you would support our new President! I'd like to know what did Obama really did for me? Nothing
Yuck
Happy Anniversary
I love them so much
Happy Anniversary @BarackObama and @MichelleObama. We miss you.
Congratulations!
On!
Your!
25th!
WEDDING!
ANNIVERSARY!
Mr. & Mrs.
Barack! & Michelle!
Obama!
Sweeet! Way! Cool! 
Aaaaay!
Happy Anniversary to the Obama's!
Happy anniversary.
SOS
A real classy couple. Many, many more.
Happy anniversary to you two beautiful people! Love to Barack and Michelle. #marriagegoals #misstheobamas
Real love. Bless them.
Happy Anniversary, @MichelleObama and @BarackObama ! Have a wonderful day.
congrats
Feliz Aniversario!!! 
I miss them!
If you have nothing good to say about a tweet, just move on! Some of you are just nasty
Happy Anniversary! May you share many more!! 
Happy Anniversary! Miss you both in the WH!
Your Highness. Many many Happy returns of the day.
It's painful how much I miss them.
@LisaKayWilliam4 
Happy Anniversary to the first lady and and former President Barack Obama on your 25  years. Lisa Williams.
WE LOVE YOU AND, OH MY GOD, WE MISS YOU!!!
 hi Michelle & Barack
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY
O      k
Bye @TODAYshow
We are so happy that you are out of the white house - congrats
GOD IS GREAT.
