What?
What idiot would that kind of money to the leading sponsor of terror only to have them cause more terror? Nothing for the people of Iran fool. Sit back watch the way a true leader handels Iran
Looking good
What Iran Deal?
Are you gonna load a plane with pallets of cash for them too? Not sure they hate Israel enough for your tastes like your Ayatollah pal.
Quite the contrary. Your disgraceful, dishonest (in all ways) #IranDeal will haunt us all as much -- if not more -- than today's #NorthKorea
Which one, the public one or the private side deal?
Totally, giving them billions of unfettered cash was clearly a great idea. What a great plot line for a failed writer...
What deal? North Korea & Iran are co-developing nuclear arms & ballistic missiles unhindered for decennia already. But who cares?
How much cash did you get been? Secret payments, secret deals? Where's your secret bank account?
Oh Ben, just because you say these things to yourself in the mirror it doesn't make them true.
are you the echo chamber guy?
Really?  Why'd you have you lie about it when you were negotiating then?
It's only a matter of time Ben, before u will have to go before house & senate to testify. Will you plead the 5th & ruin your reputation?
Yes, better for crazy people to obtain nuclear arms with the help of America, than without.
@zschrieber you do realize Korea was given money too (Ie like the Iran deal) by Clinton and Bush (iirc) which did not stop them.
The Iran deal was far more comprehensive than just giving them money in return for ending a nuclear program.
how has it helped? They are still killing people via Hezbollah and Russia is building 2 nuclear plants there.
I still Agree with you completely!!!
good job Barney. Obamaites stacked the deck so Syrians get slaughtered even after your foul crew leave office.
A democrat negotiated a deal with the NoKo's decades B4 Obama gave Iran $billions to finance terrorism in the name of a nuke deal.
trump and clintons can all fuck urselves. Get rich i dont fcking care.Give me my basic health care etc i know at the end where im going!!
say what? you make another nuclear power and ur proud of it?
It is very clear that you have no understanding of the real world. Go somewhere and hide.
The Iranians have broken the so called agreement how many times now? The "Iran Deal" is a joke (to them).
Still writing fiction. Or is it fantasy?
: So what d'ya mean by that, Sir?  I know both them leaders are kinda whacked,  So d'ya think Ziran's leader is more stable?
You're right...hiding in your shell and ignoring the problem for the next guy to handle. Great idea.
What deal Ben? They didn't sign anything.
The Iran deal like Obama care is a scam. You don't appease your enemy and expect them to respect you. Peace through strength.
Your boss's pyrrhic FP "achievement" itch an assist of 500k dead Syrians and an overrun Europe. #LiberalLogic
What?!
Aren't we in this situation because W tore up Clinton's deal
I guess, that is why you are no good as a security adviser and out of that job. puffffff the magic dragon>>.
So we can end up in exactly the same situation with Iran in 10 years?!
is shows what will happen in 10 yrs with iran.  wasted days in college proven by @brhodes
And sometimes the truth is preferable to bold face lies...
Oh you mean like this?
It only gets shadier and shadier with Clintons as time goes on
So shady already it is like a moonless night. Complete darkness with the Clinton's.
Pretty much
Man...you take the whole Obama cock balls and all, even lick the taint don't ya.
Thanks Obama
You must be joking.
Carter/Clinton's NK deal is the same as O's Iran deal, w/ same results. You people are incapable of learning or are serial liars.
You mean The Worst Deal in History (tm)? So bad that even Trump's SecState had to admit Iran is complying with? These people are amateurs.
Wow that's a lame reasoning. Let's allow the Muslim terrorists to have it who attack us already instead of the isolationist communists. OKAY
The Iran deal that they have already breached? They are super trustworthy.
OMG. You are so absurd. Is there a way to block all of the dimwits that retweeted this idiocy?
But other deals in history with other countries didn't work therefore outrage grrr!!!
Amazing how actually fearing we may stand up to them makes them fall in line. Quit embarrassing yourself.
Drops the mic
In 2009 had you recognized the Iranian people as sovereign instead of their terrorist captors, many, many lives could have been saved.
Lastly, given you lied to get the miserable deal through congress, after the Ghouta gas attack, you are complicit in what inevitably follows
cc:@TheMikeHennessy
Or put another way- please cite a single instance of a totalitarian government honoring an arms accord. They fail100% of the time.
Everyday the situation in North Korea makes clear how a bad nuclear deal text was disastrous compared to a better deal text.
Every day the situation in Syria does the opposite. From someone in your admin:
Lol
The (Bill) Clinton brokered NK nuke deal was blown to pieces (by neglect) by W's team, no?
Isn't the Iran deal more for China's benefit, and about AfPak, than it is KSA or Israel?
Clinton signed a similar deal with N. Korea in 1994.  So what are you saying here? Iran wont be a problem until 2037?
, So they both have them?  What, two is better than one?  Can't sell that here.
Ben, that's utter nonsense. However, for the world's sake I sincerely pray you never have to eat those words.
Like how well the same such deals worked with North Korea? Are you real or do you have an idiotbot tweeting for you?
What? Giving Iran Billions of $$ in cash like a narco payoff and allowing them to continue with their nuclear program is a good deal??
Pretty sure Ben doesn't understand anything happening around him here
Lol joke of the day! Good one!
Ahh so just pushing back the crisis 10 years or 20 years makes sense?
Wrong.
What shred of evidence has Iran shown trust worthiness??
Iran deal mirrors deal made by @billclinton 2North Korea Both hav/will use $$$ we gave 2devlop nuclear &then we REALLY PAY w LIVES
"Iran Deal" missing teeth. Mullahs pleased with freedom of work-arounds & cash payouts. "Iran Memo" does 0 to stop Iran domination strategy
Yes, two nut jobs with nukes is better than one!  Thanks for putting more danger to the Jews and world since Hitler.
you're delusional - Obama's feckless and leading from behind foreign policy gave us this mess in Syria, PRK, and Iran.
Do you live under a couch?
bullshit
Iran deal was based off @billclinton deal with n korea...
Look @ n korea now... thank you @billclinton 
Iran will do same
What? Really? You can't be that stupid!
You and your boss lied and made a shitty deal that made the biggest terror sponsor in the world stronger. Go hide in some cave, liar.
Maybe you should change your name to Baghdad Bob.
Bull;$:&, keep lying to yourself, just shows how delusional you are about world affairs. Iran lies and took you & Obama for billions.
Double bang for you Cucks today Ben. Blame it on YouRube... #TrumpTrain whoooo whoooooo Hernandez made room for you!
nah being held ransom for 1.8 billion isn't worth it.
I wonder what Clintonites were touting 15-20 years ago to justify their NKorea deal as "preferable"
Wait, isn't the Iran Deal basically the (Clinton's) North Korea Deal just a few years later?
Why do we assume that Iran will be any better?
Holy crap you are seriously ill. 
Giving away $1B for nothing in return preferable? You are more ignorant than I initially thought.
You really believe that???
Right? Imagine how great everything would be if we'd only had a Dem president negotiate a nuke deal with North Korea.
Man you're such a POS
You mean the threat of nuclear war, made possible by not acting to stop their development, is preferable to insane nation not having nukes?
It was effective at removing billions of dollars that were cluttering our treasury. It won't deter Iran and Not NK. Now he'll expect $$$ too
You can't be that dense? Can you?
Still lying eh Ben? Do you believe yourself?
You haven't deleted this post yet? Just when I thought I had seen the worst tweets this afternoon...

Ben Rhodes: Hold my beer...
You just cannot believe that shit you're shoveling. Good grief but you are a liar sir. #NowSTFU
You're joking right?
You can't be that naive.
Have you forwarded your jumper size to the DOJ yet?  #ObamaGate will catch up eventually.
Take a history course on Clinton/North Korea. This only foreshadows the mistake that is the Iran "deal." @brhodes

There are no pills for this level of stupidity...
You are culpable. It's on you when Iran or NK does something stupid with their nuclear programs.  There will be no place to run then, Ben.
So you're saying we need to follow up with a few $ Billion in secret cash payments to put a "North Korea Deal" in place?
Ben you are really off the rails...Iran is far worse than North Korean...but maybe we just keep giving them billions to spit in our face.
Not everyone is as naive as Obama. Dictators lie. Go figure.
Sometimes you have to wonder if someone has to get nuked and millions die before we see things clearly.

LOL. The North Korea deal is still in place. North Korea is violating it, just as Syria violated their agreement, and Iran likewise
Uh, no.  Everything about the Iran deal is bad.
Gonna save this tweet for posterity when Iran becomes a nuclear state sponsor of terror in the region to your eternal shame & mortal failure
That sounds like a challenge.
Absolutely. The naysayers will have even more to chew on w NK, esp in 2yrs time.
seriously?
LOL
are you out of your mind?
WTF You think Iran deal has a pos. affect on world politics & security? It only speeds up process for Iran to obtain nukes & threaten world!
How did the bill clintons North Korea deal work out? Why do you think it will be any better with Iran? #shill #scaredhewillbeheldtoaccount
The situation in North Korea was created by Obama. For God sake Trump has been in office less than 3 months? Wtf. He didnt create problem
Ben, it's time you stop talking crap. It just shows people how far out in left field you are.
Just when you think you have found the Dumbest Person on Earth someone else shows up and beats them hands down...
That's the stupidest tweet I've read tonight.
You can't be that #Stupid Ben...but I digress.
Which deal is that? Is it the one where we sent 100's of millions of $$ to the largest Terrorist sponsored country Iran?
You're pointing to the Iran deal as a shining example of what, exactly?
Why, so Iran can give North Korea more nuclear technology and supplies? Thanks Benny and Obama!
There's something seriously wrong with you, Ben.
Are you saying Trump should secretly land a Plane in NK,loaded with cash like Obozo did?
..we'll now see the difference between strong-arm diplomacy ..and weakass bribery.
Are you insane you must be believing your own bullshit now. Well at least someone believes it right.
You mean the one Iran did not sign??
Just so stupid
Why did Bill Clinton’s deal with the Norks fail?
Trump will eventually clean up after your community organizer's Iran surrender after he handles Bill Clinton's failed NK "deal."
Just like the Clinton "deal" with North Korea. Hasn't that worked out well. 
so show us ur "educated" comparison. IRAN( paid off, still do as they pls) N.K.( starving, still do what they want) @MAGA3X
Cuz Iran isnt testing missles and still working on a bomb or so you could give away more billions to evil governments?
What a moronic statement from someone who was over his head in the White House and is desparate to cheerlead the failed Iran deal
This is just stupid. Clinton did a deal with NKOREA. Oh they nukes. Iran will have nukes in what 9 years. Idiotic.
This is the stupidest thing I've read all day. What a seriously ridiculous statement from an admin that was walked over for two terms.
It's a wonder you can dress yourself in the morning.
So we can deal with a wealthy, nuclear Iran in 10 yrs instead of a poor, non-nuclear Iran now? No thanks, Neville.
N. Korea was Bill Clinton's "Iran Deal"
You're going to jail.

Did you not screwup our foreign policy enough the first time?
