How the hell can McCain get a liberty meddle? Oh I know for marching in the streets of Kiev Ukraine supporting fanatical Nazis who killed 100 Ukrainian Police men & women to overthrow the democraticaly elected President & take power by force. Obama behind the Plot!l Unbelievable!
THE HELL YOU CALL US AS "NAZI"???
NAZIS of  Ukraine in power by way of a coup d'etat. FACT FACT FACT!



That is revolting and quite unnecessary.
I love you president Barack please come back
It would be President Obama, not president Barack....
Please come back
Маккей отлично работал на СССР, уничтожая самолёты ВВС США
N..m..m...my.. nhhhh
M
If only 'MAGA' meant your return to the White House v_v
You did alot more for this country than people give you credit for #SadFace
His Excellence , turn a glance to Angola, pls
Let’s help youth to fish.

Thankful for dignity across the aisle...
COME BACK!!!!!!!
http://couponpeoples.com/?cash=81449 

Thank you @BarackObama for being you! America and the World Misses you.
Man is this civility so badly needed.
We are proud of you and Thank You John!!
Caryn in Madison WI
Correction “I’m thankful that @SenJohnMcCain has repeatedly stabbed his party in the back throughout his entire career”
Thank God we got Trump in office now to straighten up all the messy things you've done over the last 8 years
Spoken like a true leader.
He is a great man!
You are still loved and respected around the globe 44, can't say that for your follower 
Can you help me pay my student loans off?
Omg!  Will u please come back?
A HERO FOR LIFE.! AND BE ON
BARACK WE LOVE YOU AND YOUR FAMILY
Just shut up
Pres. Obama I had enough of this experiment we call trump.The country is in danger & fear is setting in, please is there anything we can do?
hide and watch Donnie implode
just go away
America sincerely apologize for how you and your family were disrespected. #obama for life
 Mr. President (salute)
Miss you & your family everyday.
You're still my president, Mr Obama. I don't recognize that orange monstrosity as anything but a dangerous lying ass.
John McCain is a hero not only for America but for the Republican Party!  He's the only honest Republican left.
We miss you Barack.  Please don't leave the public eye!  We need you!
Every day that passes with the Trump Presidency, your legacy grows exponentially!  Thanks is for all you've done and continue to do!
Americas misses you, President Obama.
That’s North America AND South America, as in America’s Allies!
President Obama, We the people need your kindness intellect vision joy ability to lead us back from destruction
True hero congratulations @SenJohnMcCain
Yes me president we miss you
Congratulations, sir
Thank you PRESIDENT!!!
I'm grateful to @SenJohnMcCain for his lifetime of service to our country. Congratulations, John, on receiving this year's Liberty Medal.
Great guy
well said, we miss your class Mr president.
History is evaluated. What I am doing while I am alive. . .
It pains me and frightens me that Trump is getting away with destroying your magnificent legacy.  Can you please speak out urgently now?
President Obama and Senator McCain can together deliver a fatal blow to the frightening Presidency of Trump. Please don't wait!
Yes but America is grateful to you for showing us how a real President acts, thank you for your service.
If one child comes to my house dressed as Trump I will be out of Candy
We miss you Barack ..things will never be right with the Oompa Loompa in office...
Such a brave and courageous man. It's disgusting that the president in his own party attacks him while you praise him.
We miss your sanity and love.
We need to come together as a nation. Thanks for trying to direct the nation in the right direction.
You are loved and missed dearly.

@MetEireann ,what goes around, keeps goin"
We miss you so much Mr. Obama.  God help us all..
We miss/need you!!!
Please please come back
Girl power!
You are so missed. The world situation is very scary and there is a deranged lunatic at the helm.
We miss you President Obama
Mr. President I miss you and Michelle. You did so many great things. You kept US safe. What can we do to remove this unstable President?
Best President we have ever had. We missed you!!!!!You sure are grateful.
miss you more than ever
YOURE THE BEST PRESIDENT EVER COME BACK PLEASE
And there’s THIS...@BarackObama working while on vacation!
#HurricaneIrene
come back! *Simba voice* 
LMAOOOO TERRY I HATE U
LMFAO what? that's how I really feel! 
Lmao wyd??
relaxing in my bed. about to get up in a little bit go get food. phone session? 
Yes pleaseeeeee
I'm grateful we had a real President who saved us from the financial crisis and gave us affordable health care. Thank you Obama.
Wow, so someone with absolutely zero comprehension of basic mathematics can become an MD? That's frightening!
Do you think Asians are poor but not fool, like Americans they even do know how many state America have. CYMSH#
I've no idea what you're talking about. Please clarify your point. FYI: I don't stereotype people based on race, gender, sex preference, etc., I leave that to the Leftist Progressive Democrats. Everyone is an individual. Ergo, if you want to discuss an issue - save the groupthink
Ha ha ha,lol, rino all the way
Thanks for arming terrorist @SenJohnMcCain
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/upbeat-after-thrilling-victory-in-their.html …
Here’s looking at you, Barry
#sike as Obama walks out the room.
Good thing you said that cuz I'm playing through what you want and that me .
Please come back! We’ve got too many jobs, these taxes are so low, the military is actually doing their jobs, all the dreamerMs13 guys are leaving,
and the fbi...
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982904600339546113 … 5693
Did you like it ? 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/Eivx9L 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/Eivx9L  
Worldwide Free Shipping for a short time 
…
Liar, that tweet was just to spite our president
As a retired veteran, I appreciate John McCain and his service to our country. Thank you John.
@SenJohnMcCain is a thoroughly decent man and a credit to his country.
ONIKA TANYA MARAJ!!!!! This is MY BLESSING AND IM HERS!!!! Help me REACH OUT TWO HER!!! @nicky MINAJ
May God continue to bless you daddy obama

Yes thanks
Yes, this is your College Pal you appointed and then FLEW TO HI earlier to make sure he BANNED 1st Travel Ban ...
Miss you so much please help us!!!!
He's also grateful for George Soros, without Soros the American public wouldnt have voted for you
He is an American HeroThank you both for all you've done for America. I am truly scared for our nation today
Thank you for everything you’ve done,,,and, for not forgetting us during this dangerous time in the grips of the Trump cartel/goon squad.
Yeah, McCain was great when he was bombing all those villages in Nam
You can fool some of the people some of the time....
@SenJohnMcCain #maverick
God bless you President Obama for your good heart.
You should talk to his buddies at the Hanoi Hilton. He was and is a rat. Read you're history Sir
What is different
Thanks so much
Nic one
I agree. All he knows is right or wrong. I will always remember him leaving the hospital to vote against the rep. healthcare bill
Im sure you wouldnt say that if he was backing p. Trump!! Guess hes gone over to the evil side..corrupt swamp..
We miss you Mr. President, thank you for always having our backs. 
What?
Liberals like birds of a feather flock together. Finally a Non-Politician in office @POTUS showing the American people what a true & strong leader can get done, rather than campaigning in & out of office
Obama, you're still a fraud! I'm so glad we have REAL leader now, and not a weak community organizer like yourself who nearly destroyed us.
Yes indeed United States Miss You Barack Obama!!!!!!
Agradeço ao Senador @SenJohnMcCain por uma vida de serviço ao país. No Brasil, algum governante pode vir a público deixar uma msg parecida?
sir you are great
The WORLD NEEDS YOU!!!!
Your SO FUCKED! HAHAHAHAHA

hope u and McCain will go to jail r together!
I miss you and your family.#NotMyPresident
Exactly
Thank u President Obama! We love you!  Thank you Senator McCain. You are a GODLY leader. Read The book of Jude/Bible.
Bot
God bless you
Your still my president! I will NEVER accept that ass @realDonaldTrump. We seriously need you b4 he kills America!
An OBVIOUS LINK BETWEEN OBUMA & TRAITOR McCAIN!!
grande Presidente!
I am so proud of McCain. He is what a real, moral leader is all about! Country before party (or ego).
Then how come he's hurting this country and not helping this country you're wrong

Well, Well, Well, Barry Soetoro. Looks like you may be sharing a prison cell with the Clinton’s! Muslim Traitor! #MAGA  This is America!
http://www.agayindependent.com/blog/new-controversy-well-controversies …
Ba ba ba ba rack is back on his uh uh uh stttttt stuttering tour 
Thank you! You will always be the President of the USA! Also it's time you come out and move the nation. You have my respect Cornelio.
#obamagain
Thank you Obama! Miss you so much.
Dirtbag Barry Hussein.Divisive n treasonous in Iran illegal treaty n Real Russian Uranium scandal
#support_kirdistan mr barak obama
Jou ar serously a cool Guy Barack Obama
We al mis jou
I will miss you Obama. Do you come back with us
you are so right President Obama
the gloves has 2 COME off beating back this CRAZY RACIST LYING stuff coming out of the TRUMP WHITEHOUSE !!!
He represents a warrior indeed plus brain cancer he is amazing....
Hi desde Mexico...
Go lay by your dish!

I miss you Mr former President
We are grateful for both of you.
Look they gave him a medal that he didn't deserve. Also, Obama, You need to change your status to EX-President.
While you are glorifying your stooge McCAIN, I recall you doubling national debt 10 trillion dollars. Praised Mohammad and downplayed christ
You lied repeatedly about healthcare, blaming a REAL American president 4 your buddy Soros destabilization of culture. FUNDING BLM & ANTIFA!
Are you really a man?
Please take over the DNC so you can completely destroy the Democratic Party like you dam near did our country
A traitor one against the US and always has been were ready for his death were we can shit on his grave I'm 1st in line
True class and intelligence left the White House when you and your family left.  Thank you, Mr. President. #presidential
Love ya President Obama!! Miss you so much!!
Absolutely right.
ONIKA TANYA MARAJ!!!???? I'm looking for HER!!!!????? Help me FIND my QUEEN please!!!!
Pres B.O., do you know what a mensch is? Well, it is a person of integrity  & honor. This is U, your pic shld be in the Yiddish dfinatn book
He deserves it!
Mr Barack you gave him the atmosphere to do so sir, while your African counterparts will rather sniff life out of their lieutenants.
I miss you B
Miss you in the white house
DAD COME BACK THE NEW BABYSITTER IS SO WEIRD
Congratulations
Congratulation Sir with L
Thks for your reback
Yaaaa
One traitor to another.
Hmmmmmm..........
Barack Obama I miss you Come Back
Real
Thank you sir for your service
Je suis entièrement d'accord avec vos idées.
#GiveLegobuilderYTRank
McCain's a hero, & Trump's a zero! No love lost here for a draft dodger! I put on the uniform,  he stayed home because he had a bone spur!
You must have something to do with all the corruption that's going on to you talk a good game but every one of the Democrats are corrupt
POTUS Trump making your country great again after this guy taking it into the sewer. How the hell is this obummer not in jail yet ?
Salut je suis français voilà c est tout
@MathisDeneise
I miss you man
Than
Research my love #uranium one!Kathy you are one of the best actresses alive,plz don't become a liberal sheep!
We are so proud of you Senator McCaiin!  Thanks for your service to our country!
Listening to you speak yesterday was amazing. Can you please do more of it? We need your words to help get us through these next 3 years.
Sheriff Joe Arpaio knows and so does the world. Ur are a fraud
u sir need to be in jail
Fake medal to a fake guy from a fake pres: great work!
Very Nice OBAMA
!ifetime of corrupted service
You and Michelle are so classy. No one can hold a candle to you.
Thank you for your service sir!
