Who can? #25ththe45th
Let's shake your old memory up Andrea how about Truman or Roosevelt?
McCain is old and crusty.  He is a rino and should retire.  Maybe his brain tumor got in the way just like it did with repealing obamacare
Ronald Reagan"Today we did what we had to do. They counted on America to be passive.  They were wrong."
Amen
Mitchell, you are far too stupid to reproduce, let alone be a journalist
Thank goodness we have President Trump in office st this juncture then!
How about Harry Trruman in 1945 after US dropped A-bomb on Hiroshima?
No one is surprised by anything McCain says. A senile, corrupt fraud. Notice how you libs are his best friends now
We Libs always respect and love John McCain.
No secret there.
The respected senator wanted troops to deploy at least twice before collecting any benefits. Better chance of us getting KIA and not collect
That's how much they appreciate the military.
Bomb bomb bomb, bomb bomb Iran...sounds familiar
you're a joke Mitchell..times up for u dear. See Clinton statements
Now, now...I'm sure Rutherford B. Hayes said a nasty thing or two to someone, somewhere, about something. I think.
plenty of examples if you were a real reporter u could find them.
How about Bill Clinton in 93
He can't think at all
@mitchellreports Maybe this is why McCain lost his run?  The "plebeians" like me voted Trump in, 'member them?  You're pathetic and biased.
Consider the source
It's @realDonaldTrump version of "modern presidential". God help us all !
You're using @JohnMcCain as a source?  LOL
What about @POTUS44   https://youtu.be/Sqfu8nXXUkk  "We could destroy North Korea with our arsenals.." SMDH
CNN, MSNBC, New York Times, Washington Post, RINO John wet start McCain , same crap, DJT best POTUS ever
Funny when @SenJohnMcCain sang bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb Iran he seemed to think that was ok
Ronald Reagan did!!!!!!!!!!!  Did you all forget AND @SenJohnMcCain made fun of the NK leader and mocked him...REMEMBER
Yeah, this is ignorant. Reagan did use this kind of tough talk...
DJT is not a smart man. Obviously my assessment is overly kind and generous. Good grief GOP,  put country over party and IMPEACH him!
@senategop @housegop @ChuckGrassley America is panicked by POTUS insanity! STOP TRUMP
Stop lying democrats. All democrats are liars and criminals.  Investigate the dnc now!

Wow. Formal duplicity and stupidity.
Is this you, Chelsea?
Aren't you so glad you helped this happen due to your petty jealousy of @HillaryClinton?
McCain needs to go he has used up all his good graces now it's time to get out of politics and rest his brain
@MeghanMcCain you're great,but your father considers meddling in our election as an act of war, but threats with nukes aren't an act of war?
Kinda like CNN and the Russian lies!
Ck the files and tapes. Clinton,bush,obama all did the same. Idiots,hypocrites. All forget truth cause u dislike potus. FAKE news, MAGA
Please for 8 long yrs our president was a pussy.   All he did was give our country away.POTUS is doing what he needs to do to keep us safe
This is because the man simply is not up for the job...nowhere even close....and does not belong in the oval office.  Pls resign......
First, who cares what McCain thinks. Second, very proud to have a President with balls and speaks plainly. We need strength not weakness.
That's because he has a tumor on his brain
Typical liberals listening to fake news he has done nothing but help just look at the stock market more jobs more people off of food stamps
John McCain: losing a little more credibility daily.  Not much left.
There has been no other President like DJT!!  Washington was 1st of many great POTUS, Trump will MAGA after 24 yrs of free fall  by last 3.
Can't think of any other response that sounds confident
That's called Balls.  Either you have em or you don't. Too bad McCain lost his...
Who cares?
I guess McCain forgets about Kennedy facing down kreschev over the Cuba missile crisis, to bad.....
Media is way understated so as to protect us all from ANY offense. trump CLEARLY using massively inappropriately provocative language. RISKY
this from the guy who called kim jung ung Fat kid. I'm seriously doubting his Judgment.
....and?...
And who would campaign as a Republican, and keep stabbing them in the back on important issues?
Presidents Reagan and Eisenhower aren't being threatened by the NK Mad Man, what they may have done is totally irrelevant!
Just like your daddy he taught you to be a good little coward like him your dad is one of the reasons were in this mess he went along 30yrs
I voted for McCain but I have been totally let down by him. I have no more respect.
I do not respect your views any longer.  You sold out!!
@WenWillRun @SenJohnMcCain @realDonaldTrump Few rational humans would use that kind of rhetoric...
President Trump 2020!!
The man is not well...Clinton, Bush, Obama all used rhetorical language like Trump!  He is forgetful!
Funny, the war monger complaining about harsh words. This why there should be term limits for members of congress
Try looking up Harry Truman to the Japanese as we used "the bomb" on them!
Maybe that's why we've had so many consecutive years of foreign policy failure.  Need a change of tone #pussytalkisdone
That means President Trump is doing the right thing!! #MAGA
when was John McCain elevated to represent America? Did I miss an election? Those who do, get criticized. Those who don't, criticize. Cheap
Thought you were taking a SM/Twitter break @MeghanMcCain ;)
So you wanted Trump to kiss NK ass like Obama did, or maybe we could give them another $5 bil, and a reactor like Clinton did.
Its not up to you McCain now is it?
Of course they weren't former glorified game show hosts from reality tv.
Report 54000 killed in Korea War. 7800 still unaccounted for. Do the Trump voter want to go fight in Korea.?
That's because we have a toddler in the Whitehouse.
Ask him about Russia. Warmonger Mccain
Andrea you are one of the best reporters.  Hope to see you soon as an anchor/host of "The Andrea's Hour" national & international tidbits.
"Shock & Awe", anyone!
No President Has Ever Been So Stupid !
Someone tell McCain they're both rolling over in their graves that nothing is being done to stop this fool. That's where his party comes in.
What did your hero Bill Clinton say about nk's nuclear capabiliry?
How do you still have a job? No matter how Trump handles NK you would have complained. At least he is trying, Obama would have apologized!
The namby-pamby policy of the past supported by McCain has brought the US to the brink where NKO has nukes and missiles. Policy did not work
DT is terrifying
Well, he did use it, so, we need to get over it and be in the present moment.
says the wife of Alan Greenspan. "Fed Banker Mouthpiece" Change the station name to FBM & enjoy the metaphor. #EndtheFed
We've got the village idiot for president
Clinton, Bush, Obama gave them nukes! Why the hell aren't you reporting that? Not a time for Soros propaganda. WTF is wrong with you!
McCain may still be a little sore that he isn't President now.
Crazy people like Jong Un do NOT understand diplomacy ... he snubs his nose at it.  He doesn't care about his own people.
Constant bashing of OUR Pres. is giving Kim Jong Un life.  He is being propped up and given the impression nothing will ever happen
McCain is also suffering from Brain Cancer and probably shouldn't be commenting on anything to do with this at this time.
When will the GOP accept the enormity of their mistake and impeach before it is too god damn late!
So easy for McCain to speak up now even though it was glaringly obvious long ago that trump was unfit for the presidency.
Well he's not President ....
It is past time for the grown-ups to put the baby into his crib and stop this train wreck.
McCain can't remember where he last shit.
Absolute maniac and America does not feel safe!
trump right now is not considered 'human' so don't expect human behavior from him.
What else should he do, don't criticize and offer no alternative, you cant because there is none.
Drinking all of your supporters  tears.
The cowardly songbird just doesn't stop singing. McCain's health demands his resignation. 
Isn't McCain same guy who joked about bombing Iran by inserting "Bomb Iran" into the song "Barbara Ann" during his Pres campaign? Please.
More Republicans need to speak out against this maniacal unqualified narcissists, he needs to be replaced.
OMG, Rhetoric! Never seen a media more petty and vindictive..at a time we should all be coming together you continue to criticize and divide
Shmucks
of course he did did you expect him to say anything different?
Well they weren't modern day Presidential.
And again I say stop bitching and do something about it.
Like yours, my grandmother was a wise woman, see below 
And that's why NK don't listen to us!
Who cares what John McCain thinks he's a Rino pice of crap!  You both have been wrong on foreign policy for 30 years.  Go away already!
Yet...
No other president was mad.
Seriously Andrea? McCain who calls foreign leaders "Crazy Fat Kids". Hypocrite much?
too much barking from Trump, that's all.
Let's see, Trump is pro-America and McCain sold out US to Vietnamese... Everyone but liberals know who to trust.
I can't think of ANY respectable adult that would lie every damn day to the American ppl, or spk like a 5th grade bully, you chose him John
@POTUS remarks similar in tone to Kim Jong Un's own - only US is capable of nuclear annihilation, where N.Korea is the bee with 1 sting.
Curious what Mr. McCain will be saying when their's an ICBM heading our way with a nuclear warhead attached?
Abt time some1 gets tough on NK
Could be the tumor
Reagan took out Kadafi's house and Eisenhower invaded Korea. That's your preference? You endorse military action instead of tough words?
All those other Presidents are the reason were in this mess now, so excuse me if I dismiss McCain's opinion
It's like watching two kids on the playground
It is long past time for Sen McCain to retire. He is not now nor ever has been a military authority. Just a veteran with an opinion. Retire.
True, other presidents would have already taken them out
Old jealous cancerous man. Go away McCain.
Of course not.  THEY were actually SANE.
It was a clear message to NK, we will NOT put up with this anymore, THIS is not Obama WH, will NOT throw $$$ at problem.
Maybe Gen. Patton? Sometimes I think too bad Gen. MacArthur didn't get his way in WWII.
Finally we have a president that is strong, decisive and fighting for us.  Thank you @POTUS
He's disgusting talking tough sending threats without trying Diplomacy he evaded Service with his bone spur excuses shows he's Cowardly
Same guy that gave up his buddies in a pow camp...
Someone please help trump. He's insane.
@realDonaldTrump Not Mussolini, not Idi Amin
Never forget tRump has a bunker where he and his family, leaders of Congress and cabinet will be safe.
Oh please! Support our President & shut up!
The GOP needs to do more than counter-tweet, they need to get this crazy man out of the Oval Office fast and with fury like no one has seen
Left is blaming #POTUS for his "rhetoric" when-truth is this NK (aka China puppet)threat dates back 12+ yrs.Rather be lead by ostriches?
You mean McCain who when a prisoner did about 30 radio announcements for NVA, damning the US?
Instead of crying for impeachment all the time maybe ppl should work on dealing like we did for 8 years of total bullshit
People are scared for no reason NK needs sum1 to get up in that dudes face and bring him down a notch.  It's all good you'll see
he's not gonna put up with NK bullshit. We got enough fire power to blow them to oblivian. About time we got a president to stand up for US
But @SenJohnMcCain still DOESN’T DO A FUCKING THING ABOUT IT.
Didn't @SenJohnMcCain call him a crazy fat kid??????
McCain called him a Crazy Fat Kid
…https://amp-nationalreview-com.cdn.ampproject.org/c/amp.nationalreview.com/article/446526/clinton-russia-ties-bill-hillary-sold-out-us-interests-putin-regime …
And YOU Andrea Bitchell are a big part of why Dump is in the WH.  Your Clinton bashing--endless.  You are so jealous of Hillary. It's clear
McCain's a paid off idiot who appeases Leftist hate and apparently is cheering on NK with the fascist left.
who can take a President serious with so much hairspray on to laquer down a gymnasium floor
So? Reagan and Eisenhower wouldn't have let the situation get this far like Obama did. That was silly tweet.
You both should retire
Saying, "N. Korea will "face fire and fury like the world has never seen" to an hist. insane enemy will drive us closer to war & destruction
Can't you hear Steven Miller's voice and cadence's under those remarks? Obvious.
That's because neither of them acted like a  ten year old bully at the playground when they were president. Maturity and wisdom are needed.
Then he doesn't know history. Truman used almost exact line re: Japan. He should know that, except...he's McCain.
McCain reminds us how old he is.
So, what's your point? To point out that Pres Trump is even better than Eisenhower & Reagan? I do not disagree with u but all are great men.
UB when in @HillaryClinton @ScottPelley @FBIPhoenix O place Barry G freeway. RMN/IKE Cheatin K's did AZ BAD @davidduchovny 0 words. @Oprah
#ImpeachTrump
Andrea is right she cant think. Praise God for POTUS TRUMP
#ImpeachTrump
That's because as his supporters proudly say, as if it is a good thing , "He is not a typical politician/president"

No shit!

#resist
@POTUS message wasn't meant for you or your pal John McCain.
McCain is very sick, n top of being extremely bitter and resentful. He needs to let @POTUS do his job.
Then how about the Senator frm AZ wake up Weds morn & initiate #25thAmendmentNow ?
Thats because every president ever has had more sense. Trump is a dangerous fool. Playing with American lives.
That's because they weren't crazy, delusional pretenders like the #BogusPresident, who doesn't even know how a balloon works.
McCain always wants war. Just shut up  mccain. I no longer feel sorry for u.
And YET No one in the GOP does SH*T about it!!! More ACTION LESS TALK before we end up in WWIII!!! THIS IS BULLSH*T! Really, it's BS! 
People, we have a huge problem.
Carter, Clinton, the Bushes, and Obama need to have a Presidential intervention with DT.
Yeah, but he still supports him. Empty rhetoric
Other Presidents? How about other people? What sane/intelligent person uses the threat of Nuclear weapons in such a provocative manner?
I'm so glad that all the #winning finally. This presidency was getting really boring. #notmaga #notnormal
McCain ran the worst presidential campaign ever before HRC. He is very jealous of Trump. You are really low to give him any credit
ITS TIME TO SHUT TRUMP DOWN @SenJohnMcCain
Trump needs to go before he gets us all killed. There is no reason for another World War. If there is one, it will be horrific.
That's because Reagan was very intelligent.
@Mrs_MV3 @SenJohnMcCain @realDonaldTrump Please @GOP @SenateGOP IMPEACH B4 it's 2 late
I have not read comments. I can't figure out if he meant this to be a  good or bad. Now, I'll read the comments
Because he is an idiot.
duh-what can be done about it, the man unhinged(understatement)...CONGRESS HELP
None of them would. They were presidents.
Sen McCain thks for supporting ur Pres and help show the world we stand behind him, just the opposite  so typical  ur outspoken remarks crap
Protest time to show our fury over his dangerous rhetoric. #SeriousSupport
Is he trying to say Reagan and Eisenhower were as crazy as tRUmp?

We are so used to him throwing shade that we simply don't believe it. And that is a real problem.
Reagan and Ike were two bit leaders - everyone knows Trump is the greatest strategist since Alexander the Great.

