This nation stands not with tyrants – but today, @POTUS will make it clear that the U.S. stands w/ the courageous men and women of Cuba.
Closing the door on Cuba hurts families in both countries & damages our global standing. The American people want to #KeepCubaOpen!
Pence is the ultimate sycophant
This is SUCH bullshitsure it was one of Putin's ASKs
Yes, he does. #AntiGospel #AntiChristian #AntiLife
thanks Trump and Pence; no more monies to Cuba government
Puleeze ...
Dam straight.
Actually, as I remember, the President actually dances w/tyrants, at least in Saudi Arabia.
Thank you Barbara for having the guts to say it
What a bunch of baloney
Tank you, Congresswoman.  The VP has selective memories.
He stands among them as he is for himself not our country. His treasonous acts should be punished.
Hopefully punishment on its way 4entire shitshow++ryan,mcconnell,kush,bannon+ oranganus. Confiscate& add2 public lands, maraswamp,towers etc
UR ALIAR AND EVERYTHING U SAY IS BULL SH..
#Pence is known as a calm liar. Spot on characterization!
Pence is a liar, just like his boss. They claim to be Christian's but look at their history. If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck?
@msvictoria53 @VP Truth be told, you and @realDonaldTrump show a distinct preference for tyrants.
"You can judge a man by the company he keeps" : Aesop
Woo Hoo Rep. Barbara Lee!  (and anyone else who gets behind this!)
Hmm. Would you agree that the previous administration cozied up to the Iranians, & supported Erdogan, & worked with Castro, tyrants, all?
Did he just wake up from the longest nap ever???
#gobacktosleepVP
President Pence will completely destroy America just like he did Indiana!
Just admit you did it because it was one of @BarackObama policies! You don't care about human rights! That shows in your policies & cabinet!
The infant in the Oval will once again make it clear he stands with... himself.
 Excatly! Thank you!! You forgot Erdogan & KSA and others (hard to fit full list in 140 characters) Xi also wasn't elected by the people
BS! Norman Bates you know if Cuba gives #DummieDonnie money like Saudi and China did he'd reverse this the next day. Where's Mother btw?#POS
Point well taken #NoSensePence
And don't forget Ergodan! This incompetent, corrupt administration needs to STOP standing with ANY tyrants ! #CORRUPTION
Oh hush.
Why does he say those men and women from Cuba, they are no longer Cubans, they are Americans @VP
Congressman Barbara Lee I agree the administration is in a quagmire of ignorance
@
Erdogan doesn't qualify?
He's talking about the white Cubans sans Cruz or Little Marco...
Yasss Queen!!!
You missed Erdogan...
Less so than the previous admin. BHO would give tyrants taxpayer $ & draw imaginary red lines. The world's full of tyrants, even in Congress
No this nation does not, but the ever-loving, obsessed with power, admirer of all things tyrannical Potus does! Spare us the empty rhetoric
Have u spoken to any Cubans about your policies?
Bang on birds of a feather flock together
Barbara Lee speaks for me 
Thank you, ma'am. 
He was just having his maid sweep away those little facts.  You rock, @RepBarbaraLee !! 
Don't forget the Saudi Royal family.
Why don't you make it clear and stand up against racism? Indiana is very known for it so you are an ez target. Say something pro black! Canu
Thank you @RepBarbaraLee! We need to take back our government from #TeamTrumpRussia
"Stands not"? When did he become Shakespeare?
Does tht mean screw u
U should be ashamed.  Have some class & stop the personal attacks. U have ZERO evidence of ur claims. U don't deserve the office u hold.
As if we forgot you were just sword dancing with the Wahhabi leaders and king of the Saudis 
This is about Trump not getting a tower there.
Tell em barb
literally, standing with tyrants
Preach!
Not to mention Saudi Arabia.
You forgot the House of Saud.
Completely - not with the majority of Americans either. Trump & Pence rule against American interests.  For themselves, for Putin, for $$$
if your really representing your constituents then you would stop this nonsense,get to work on taxes,health care and the economy. words
Boom! (Mic drop)
Donny doll-hands has to reinvent this whole deal to better benefit his family. Lot's of profits there which should be his!!
Breathtaking! Drenched in hypocrisy.
Trump preached to the Cubans. Gave thanks to the Saudis with emphasis that bad behavior was no body's business. Cuba's history says no way!
Sword dancing with Saudis. This all about rolling back the black. 
It's easier to demolish than to build.
Two words. SAUDI ARABIA

Also, trump himself is a tyrant.
TYRANTS like THE CASTRO'S?
Even my middle schoolers recognize the constant hypocrisy.  It's getting tiresome.
Yes! Bitch slapped by Representative Lee!
Lordy, what the hell is wrong with you?! You're in Congress, not moms basement! 
@Tristanshouts @VP @POTUS also eragon turkey
Thank you, Representative Lee.
Obama is the one standing with tyrants. Americans saw him with Raul Castro going to a ball game, cozying up
With him.
That slick shit sgt White and mrs Harris be doing with my homeboy Big sister she can't have sex until she gets in good health
Someone didn't get the golf course deal they were hoping for.
Basically, one more vindictive thing done to undo what Pres Obama did that was long over due and brought us into 21st century.
Truth

They also boogie with them - that killing Shia sword dance with the Saudis  ?
Thank you Rep. Barbara Lee
It takes one to know one.
Yes, when we looked through the farmhouse window we couldn't tell the difference between the pigs and the people. SAD.
Does Castro qualify as a tyrant?
thank you @RepBarbaraLee for speaking the truth.I hear you
Don't forget Erdogan...
Please cosponsor #HR1227 with @TulsiGabbard Cannabinoids belong in the FOOD Chain. 3 most important water, food, shelter #Cannabis fits #2
What about Putin, Erdogan, el-sisi, Duterte, and the KKK fans you esteem?
President Snowflake loves Putin, being held in his big manly arms, spooning all night, and having hating Hillary sessions
Congresswoman Lee, please don't confuse this co-conspirator with facts.
Oh please
@Limeylizzie @VP @POTUS
Not only does Trump stand with tyrants, he admires them & wants to be one. He certainly acts like a tyrant ... or is that a toddler?
The more Cuban refugees we get, the more votes for Republicans. That's the only reason this is happening.
Not to mention Erdogan, the Saudis, ....
They cozy up regularly.  There's an allegiance & bromance between Trump & Putin like you've never witnessed publicly even with Melania.
@POTUS Not only stands with them, longs to be one & is angered that the office came with limits, like the Constitution
The unbelievable gall of these hypocrites is flat-out astonishing.
by the way, el-Sisi wouldn't be in power w/o US support, & Dems support tyrannical Saudi king, neoNazi Ukraine leader.
So the men and women of Cuba are courageous but the FBI is full of bad people and partisans? How do I leave Narnia?
Reverse everything anyone in this "administration" to find truth. They exist on lies and fabrication. #alternativefacts #ImpeachTrumpPence
Barbara Lee is a racist
TRUTH!
 Barbara Lee speaks for me! #TheFightin13th
45 called Kin Jung In a ,"smart Cookie"
Won't Cuba let him build a hotel for the Russians to launder money through? Rude
That's exactly it. Trump and fam violated law by going to Cuba and trying to do business. Now, he's getting revenge by cutting off $ to biz.
Floridian Cubans .... have themselves turned their backs on African Cubans...you know, the old colorism schism... 
Americans don't want tyrants in their White House @VP.
@mystcole @VP draggggg him!
Well said Rep Lee! Actions speak louder than words! #TheResistance
Did you catch the line about how communism never thrives? Hello, have you met China?
Thank you Rep Lee!! The hypocrisy of this WH knows no bounds.
Why hasn't Rep. Lee become a co-sponsor of @RepAlGreen 's impeachment resolution. Tweeting is easy. Walk the walk.
It's just sickening....
Exactly. This is Trump buying the Cuban American vote in Miami
He'll never get to use it.
Thank you for speaking the truth to them, Congresswoman.
I agree Rep Lee
