Federal appeals court upholds travel ban injunction, says exec. order "in context drips with religious intolerance"
The Fourth Circuit rejected arguments that judges shouldn't look to Trump's campaign statements about a Muslim ban https://www.buzzfeed.com/zoetillman/federal-appeals-court-upholds-the-nationwide-injunction?utm_term=.yomz6y71VR#.wqmQLw80Pj …
Big picture: Court voted 10-3 to uphold the nationwide travel ban injunction. From there it gets a bit complicated https://www.buzzfeed.com/zoetillman/federal-appeals-court-upholds-the-nationwide-injunction?utm_term=.efLokJAV71#.wakQmW3qpV …
Judge Wynn called the travel ban "invidious discrimination," drawing comparisons to Dred Scott and Korematsu https://www.buzzfeed.com/zoetillman/federal-appeals-court-upholds-the-nationwide-injunction?utm_term=.efLokJAV71#.wakQmW3qpV …
Judge Niemeyer, dissenting, said #SCOTUS "surely will shudder" at the consideration of Trump's campaign statements https://www.buzzfeed.com/zoetillman/federal-appeals-court-upholds-the-nationwide-injunction?utm_term=.onOqjkLzYD#.yomz6y71VR …
So what's next? DOJ could petition #SCOTUS. And we're still waiting on the 9th Circuit to issue its opinion
You mean the collective blood from all terror attacks on US soil by non-US residents? That'd be 0 mLs, bud.
Where the US intelligence agencies failed to find and stop the plot? If the US can't vet potential residents then how could it vet visitors?
Because clearly there's no threat, nor justification to limit it to a certain religion.
Do you think that the IRA are Muslims? Dylann Roof? The Sandy Hook shooter?
Well, next time @ArianaGrande concert gets bombed it'll be in the U.S.  Thank you 9th Circus and 4th Circuit.  #JudgesHateAmericanSafety
The secret to defeating terrorism is to not be terrorized.
That means living free, not evolving towards a police state.
So let's get rid of all law enforcement/police & military. Hey, let's get rid of the Rule of Law so we can "live free."
You are so right!!!!!!!!!!!
Indeed, but watch how we get everything but a substantive response. 
How many domestic incidents have happened this year that would have been thwarted via a Travel Ban?
How would you know? Do you know what incidents were thwarted? Do you know thru what countries suspected terrorists have traveled?
awful. This is against what we want. They have no right this is perfectly legal
Not only do they have the right, they have the duty. This is their job.
they have the duty to obstruct and endanger American lives due to politics? Potus has the authority to do this
They aren't doing either. If you are willing to let a president fear monger you out of rights, that's your problem, don't expect judges to
fear monger? Really sir? Study the world for a minute and get into reality.  You are living in your own little
world.
You keep being afraid, and I'll keep loving. And remember, those who would sacrifice liberty for safety deserve neither.
i believe you are taking that quote out of context of its original meaning.We are not sacrificing our liberties at all
Awesome!  Now we get to see President Snowflake throw another tantrum about how all the judges are all fake. We need a better President ASAP
Your logic is flawed. Isreal, one of the most guarded nations on earth, still has terrorist attacks. Terrorists like life, find a way.
In Israel they get killed biggly. They want it so Israel gives it, and GOOD!
Amazing after 22 children are murdered by Islamic terrorists. God have mercy on America
And how many kids did US forces kill that week?

Gosh I love the eloquence of judicial opinions.
this is completely legal, the judges are heavily bias and are interpreting the law how they see fit. They need to go.
Yeah they are biased toward upholding the constitution.
You do realize there have been 25 travel bans before right? This is covered by existing immigration laws, not the constitution.
When will you foolish liberals realize & understand that it's NOT A RELIGION BASED BAN? NOTHING in the EO mentions religion.  It's REGION.

What kind of idiot thinks the president just gets to do whatever they want, constitution be damned?
Finally, Trump gets blocked
A cigar to the gentleman in the tie!
Welcome to the new UK don't send prayers to Manchester use that time to pray it's not your family next time,but maybe that's what u deserve
The Manchester attack was committed by a British born person.
As were the attacks in France.  And the ones in the US recently. All by legal long-time residents.
And in many of these cases, long-time residents who are known to law enforcement as potential terrorists. So who is dropping the ball here?
Irrelevant.  It will go to the Supreme Court, which will side with Trump because what the EO "feels" like is irrelevant.  It's what it SAYS.
The first dissent is very persuasive
SCOTUS next baby! Figured that out?
I have seen numerous stories saying "largely" What's the small part that was not affirmed?
Oh well. Supreme Court will side with @realDonaldTrump and that will be that. DoJ has to address courts Legislating from the bench.
I doubt it. Conservative apt no guarantee. It's the constitution stupid
And the Constutution gives @POTUS authority..stupid. Judges are legislating from the bench. Disregarding Constitution for Political Ideology
yes but. It unlimited powers. How come Obama kept us safe & poor Trump can't?
Odummer didn't keep US safe. Orlando, Ohio, San Bernadino to name a few. All avoidable by blocking import of lunatics who spawn terror
Well America don't cry when another explosion hits!!!
oh give me a break. Most violence mass shootings here right wing nuts. Think Dylan roof or McVeigh.
Ok you can have a break, & make sure your child goes to concerts since you feel so safe!
I worry more about random violence by insecure men with gunsI talk from experience with my own family.
Have you been blind for the last few yrs. 9/11 . Or it doesn't affect you until your family member dies from terrorism!
yes nope not blind. Bush ignored intel. Nurtured relations w authoritarians.SA trump thinks is tremendous.
The revised ban deletes all statements about religion. So those judges are reading into what is not there. SOTUS will handle this.
Buzzfeed... pass
So will the. SC overturn several circuits?

Bet little Trump is upset!
Manchester
What about their contempt for Constitutional powers.
this is going to scotus. Liberal judges pissing on America and our potus. This is not good
Foreign people have no right to force themselves or their religious beliefs on American citizens by demanding entry into the United States.
What a fuckwad @realDonaldTrump is. LOSER!!
@FixTheCourt This decision is beyond me. We The People Voted for this. We must secure our Country or terrorists will grow here
"To the extent our review chills campaign promises to condemn and excl. entire religious groups, we think that is a welcome restraint."
Good to know the text of the law does't decide what a law is..
Instead only intent of author matters.

Because that's what they claim here.
Sure the law SAYS murder is illegal; but from his diary, I've done some reading...
Law of the land replaced by intents and emotions.
Hooray?
Damn that 9th Circuit!!!!
Please advise @Scotus to expect a call from Trump ... Oh! ... And to take notes.
No it's just being blown up intolerance.
Let's see how the Supremes sing.
'Drips' with religious intolerance? I'd say gushes.
Let's see what #Trump #bff #NeilGorsuch has to say about that. #GOP #SCOTUS #stolenseat
Irreparable Harm will be done to the American citizens if you let tyrants enter willy nilly!!!
so if we have a Manchester we should direct anyone grieving to the 4th right?

PLEASE, #ImpeachTrump I can't handle this anymore!  I am so tired of winning!
Now trump will want to get rid of the 4th circuit, too
The ban doesn't affect over a BILLION Muslims, but it "drips with religious intolerance". OK.
I love it! I love how they wrote "drips with religious intolerance, amnius and discrimination"
But see:
@jonlovett @jonfavs is C+ Santa Monica Fascist Stephen Miller now D+ Santa Monica Fascist Stephen Miller after this one?
Sad day..
Blood is going to be on these people's hands... smh
Amazing how the courts continue to use Trump's own words in their arguments rejecting his discriminatory actions. #NoMuslimBan
Awesome. That's three losses now? Or four?
So impeach the 4th circus.. why do these people not want us to be safe??? Bet they live in gated community..
Yahoo..... LOLOL
That is a wonderfully written paragraph.
Love the term "drips with religious intolerance, Animus and discrimination." Hopefully means courts won't fall for pretense as much anymore
awesome. #ManchesterBombing #thumbsdowntoterrorism
@realDonaldTrump you see this?
BRAVO
Too bad this didn't happen before trump 'just got back from the Middle East'.
Tell @Potus YOU support PROSECUTION of Gov & #Media @cnn @msnbc @fox @mmfa @BarackObama Violate the Law http://www.govexec.com/management/2017/02/when-does-leak-media-violate-law/135737/ … via @govexec
"in context drips with religious intolerance, animus, and discrimination." They didn't mince words.
No, they flowered them.
Wait. Didn't Louise Mensch call this 6 years ago? #OldNews
That only blocks the overall EO only, it does nothing to stop ICE from implementing individual policies without an EO.  It's toothless!
Lost again, Cheetoman!
So the establishment clause applies to non resident aliens applying for a visa outside of US territory.Gonna love to see SCOTUS grapple w/it
So much Trump #winning haha!
No point in having elections. Judges decide policy and the budget now. At least when a Republican is in office.
It's called checks and balances as written by really smart people a long time ago.  I learned this in public school.  WTF private school?
Boom

Hope you get "Manchestered"
Awe look everyone, snowflake .@JangoBear is threatening me because he wasted his vote on an ASSHOLE. I'm reporting him, but y'all can say hi
How did I threaten you jackwad? You want to suck up to 3rd world savages then YOU should be punished by them!
No. This is false. In the original constitution the executive branch are administrative assistants to the legislature.
And now there's this
HUGE @ACLU! 4th Circuit Largely #Affirms NATIONWIDE Injunction #BLOCKING RACIST @realDonaldTrump's MUSLIM Ban, I Mean 'Travel' Ban #JUSTICE!
What do you mean by "largely"? Was any part reversed? Please specify
"in context drips with religious intolerance."
What part was vacated/reversed?
Good.
