Nobody mentions the THOUSANDS OF JOBS THAT WILL BE CUT under Trumpcare if they take 720 Billion dollars out of the healthcare system
So now the left is saying healthcare is a govt jobs program.  My lord. The free market & capitalism have truly died in America.
No, that is not even close to what was said .... obviously many people who work in the healthcare field will lose jobs when hospitals close
Know what's worse than the GOP healthcare bill? 
Obamacare collapsing under the merits of its own weight.
ACA could be easily fixed, however Trump is so petty he is sabotaging it no matter how many Americans suffer.
Easily? Hilarious.  Why weren't these so called "easy fixes" implemented when ACA was passed?
Obamacare is a mess.  The whole system is a mess. The govt continues to distort the market making it harder and harder to fix it
obviously things need to be fixed, but Trump is trying to destroy it instead
It is another world when you have loved ones dependent a a form of Medicaid and wondering and planning how to adjust finances.
This is something that CANNOT BE TOLERATED.  All Republicans who care about people in even a small way...MUST VOTE NO.
...and those who vote "yes," MUST be replaced when their term is up! We had a healthcare foundation. They should have worked from there!
@teakinrj This is unconstitutional!
Hey #RedCaps, how many of those 4 million workers will be you?
Kaiser Family Foundation has a breakout of who uses Medicaid. Please share real facts with @KellyannePolls.
I pay my employer insurance premium and pay into Tefra, a form of Medicaid that covers therapies that my ASD son needs that my BCBS doesn't.
Can't Congress do ANYTHING meaningful anymore without drama??
I find it interesting that all the eagles  and American flag  accounts are ripping this up on Twitter, I remember when they liked Trump.
You know who WON'T lose employer-provided insurance? Congress. GOP built in exclusions so their bill won't affect them.
Fucken heart less..
What does the @GOP think will happen when 50 million people loose coverage. It will hurt the economy & many in health care will loose jobs.

What happens to congressional healthcare?
This guy has some nerve to look in the camera and LIE right to us with NO hesitation! Hes archaic!
Honestly, it does seem criminal that this could move forward. Partisanship aside - it just doesn't pass the 'is this legit' test.
It seems a lot of things they do is criminal.
Mich McConnell doesn't care if 22 million Americans lose health care. All he cares about is money.
America be damned Mitch is going to punish us one way or another, 4 electing that popular intelligent young black man to the highest office
Well it's a good thing I chose a stand alone one. Too unstable with an employer. Lose your job, lose your coverage. Too much tied to one job
Take coverage away from @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan Let them & their families try out #trumpcare 1st @GOP y know what 2 do #VoteNoBCRA
#Replace McConnell
I'll go for it if you and congress are included in loss Mitchie you southern fool.
BOOOO
Not only that but folks over 60 will be let go in FL the unemployment is 3 moths max at 200+ try to live on that
AFTER 7YRS. OF TALKING BOUT REPEAL OBAMACARE RINO HAVE NO CLUE OR ANSWER 
OF HOW TO GET RID OF IT ! TELL RINO'S
 " YOUR FIRED " !
4 million will have the option.
This is their plan all along. To get the Health Care plans that employees pay for themselves
already.its not 4 million ,more like 40 million
How about getting rid of your own insurances cause you guys are getting old!!
There you go! Hitting the middle working class!  THAT SHOULD NEVER EVER HAPPEN!!!!
Didn't I see somewhere that Mitch MConnell is affiliated to a drug cartel family by marriage?? Received money from them and may still?
LOL I see what you did there, @thehill ...nice scrub of 22,000,000 down to the mere 15% fortunate enough to have job benefits.
#fakenews
This is so crazy sick and twisted, why are the GOP so hell bent on destroying the American people is it their new world order for the rich?
Just plain stupid what else can you call it
Seniors are already enduring horrid primary care. U in Washington state ya will suffer greatly
Satan n his minions! Y deprive people of health care wen u give billions in tax breaks to rich folks. U r just evil! evil! @repmitchmcconnel

Ocare needs to go for companies  to start hiring again. Dems think they can have their cake and eat it to. Replace ocare!
Emphasize "EMPLOYER-PROVIDED" coverage will be lost. Do we feel safe yet?
That's what the bad republican party wants. Thsts why they support a loser like trump. They do not have the American people in their plans.
Anyway you slice it American citizen's lose out to the 400 wealthy people who get a 1Trillion Dollar tax cut. We die for a tax cut.
As long as THEY are ok, who cares?
@GOP are you sinking so low as to support a plan to kick working people off their health insurance?
This will, of course, just give them an incentive to quit their jobs and try to move to publicly funded programs like ssdi.
But not the GOP, we Americans would continue to pay for their families Cadillac coverage
There's goes the "just get a job" argument.
Currently I have to pay $950+ for a catastrophic plan for me and my family with a $10k+ deductible
Well Kellyanne Conway says you should go get a better job.
Opening the market up to those above the poverty prices many folks like me out of the market. 1/
2/ they expected to me to subsidize the aforementioned group. Since I can't afford that the exchanges are collapsing
while I don't agree with what she said and I fully understand the stupid game your trying 2 play this is way over UR head!
You can't fix the market via subsidies. That is the fatal flaw of Obamacare.
"Family values" and "pro life" party /s
@tedcruz @JohnCornyn What a *wonderful* bill y'all wrote! 22mill lose coverage, 4 mill lose employer coverage, etc Y'all must be so proud!
Look at his face.  Never have s smile.  Just pure evil
What brilliant policy wonks.
What did the CBO get right with Obamacare?
Republican only care about their milliners  friends
@SenateGOP  we need you to put country before party.. some of you just want a win at the cost of the american people that is wrong
But not Mitch McConnell.
2 of those 4 million better be @SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan 
#ProtectOurCare #Turdle #TrumpRussia #FollowTheMoney
That's ok. They're going to have to quit their jobs to care for parents getting kicked out of nursing homes anyway.
True that.
Make America Sick and Dying Again
but none of the politicians will lose theirs.
Notice the congress and the senate employer-provided healthcare is not in danger
The only hope is @smod4real to end it all.
IT IS TIME FOR TERM LIMITS FOR THESE GUYS THAT WANT TO TAKE AWAY MEDICARE AND MEDICAID! SUPPORT TERM LIMITS FOR CONGRESS.
I so agree. The Dems should get on board and push term limits, caps on campaign. That should be the Friggen message
The GOP message: F#*& the working class.
Terrible terrible terrible
1 is unacceptable. Especially considering the motive is more money for themselves.
And the GOP will just do cartwheels if the bill passes, they don't care how many people will die.
Every single person will die in America under GOP plan within 9 years.
'Family Values'?
AND employer sponsored insurance will assuredly become less valuable at the same time. #StopBlamingThePatient
Insurance should be for you not by any employer then lost if you leave
Someone should tell @KellyannePolls , because she seems to think that "just getting a job" solves all the problems. I guess not..
Sorry, but @KellyannePolls is a lost cause, and has been for quite some time...
I suppose. But if nothing else, maybe let her know for the purpose of correcting her, not necessarily convincing her?
Many have tried, nobody's succeeded... She's alternative facts all the way...
Agreed.
