common sense would tell you criminals don't follow the laws. What you are doing is legislatively taking away my rights
ENOUGH of your garbage about "commonsense gun violence prevention"! This is ISLAMIC TERRORISM pure and simple!
Since majority of shooters appear to be Democrats, pass a ban on Democrats owning firearms. They're too emotional, anyway.
not letting Muslim terrorists into this country would go a LONG WAY towards reducing "gun violence"...just sayin'
So exactly what "common sense" laws do you propose to stop terrorists? 9-11=box-cutters, Boston=pressure cookers
" #CommonSense #GunViolencePrevention" is an oxymoron.
You are a dishonest person that chokes on the truth...radical Islamic terrorism! @SenBlumenthal
promote hatred and bigotry and anger.disrespect people verbally then give them guns. Smart
I have no idea what you are trying to say. @redreader5346 @SenBlumenthal
as a liberal gun grabber, she isn't very bright.
You could start by not allowing more Muslim migration! You & those like you are the reason we now have this problem, thanks
If someone terrorizes you because of your freedoms, giving up ur freedoms in hopes they stop terrorizing you is really stupid
Please address Islamic Terrorism,  Orlando  is not an access to Guns issue.
HA, if anything hand the public over the military weapons that we pay for.. We're at war, because of your policies
my petition to ban the AR-15. https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/ban-ar-15-civilian-ownership …
ban STUPIDASS senators from speaking when they can't address the real problem #PC KILLED 50 ppl
so U 2 R blaming America..like America's head Muslim who bleated same yesterday
An insult to dead/wounded
By blaming gun laws you're making excuses for the terrorists, divert attention from them and encourage more violence. @SenBlumenthal
Common sense? If you spent as much time combatting TERRORISTS as you do guns, maybe this kind of thing wouldn't happen. @SenBlumenthal
Hey Dick, have you noticed that NOBODY agrees with you? The guy was a #Democrat with a background-checked, legal gun.
Wrong.  The public wants our idiot leader to say the words Islamic Terrorism and then do something about THAT!
Then why does Connecticut with its strict laws have 3 of top 10 deadliest cities under 200k population in the country?
Resign, douche
Common sense and "feelings" are not the same thing.  Y'all have been operating on feelings so long, you don't know the diff.
So, Islamic extremist with gun and bomb means... We stop guns and we'll be safe? Are you bomb-proof? Can you prove that?
no. morons are. Ppl with brains are telling you to cut the shit.
We must stop Fast &Furious. DHS losing high powered guns, wink wink. HRC selling arms, BHO impeached.
Way to jump on your issue. How about pointing out Domestic Terrorism? The people are not as blind as you think, pal.
train the U.S. Public, like you train random folks how to shoot in the Middle East. You hand them millions in weapons
Total rubbish! Gun laws strict in Paris/Brussell-they couldn't defend themselves. Terrorists use knives/boxcutters/gas/bombs
Did you notice that the terrorist claim  to a terrorist group that was fostered by the Presidunce ?
'Commonsense' . Nice buzz word to cover your desire to disarm Americans .
Americans are crying out to have their rights validated , not destroyed .
So prayers don't help... Rather hate bigotry anger does? Ugh your a dumbass.
Commonsense muslim control how can we let more into the country u PUTZ.
NO, Senator. You have not heard that .... you are pandering and IGNORING ISLAMIC TERRORISM. Shame on you.
We already have 'common sense' gun laws on the books but radical Islamic terrorists aren't concerned with laws. #Orlando
a terrorist attack is not gun violence or a public health crisis. Get your head out of the clouds.
How many would have LIVED  if even 2-3 had been ccw?As long as leftists pretend the method is the cause,advantage to bad guys
The public is beseeching you to act on commonsense Islamic Immigration prevention—but you won't heed that call. Nope.
Anything to distract from radical Islam and leftist policies right?

You're a disgusting POS.
You creating more victims by disarming legal citizens is a disgrace. Step down. The people must be able to defend themselves.
"Radical Islamic Terrorism".  That's what it is! Stop with the foolish gun control crap.
Senator, if only 1 of a hundred people had fought back...Open your eyes please. WE can, and must, defend ourselves.  @SenBlumenthal
dick wrong message... Don't be a Dick, you want to open the flood gates with these people
As someone in a position to affect change, what are you going to do about it?
You forget @SenBlumenthal ! You work for the people , not the other way around! Your resignation would be a step in right direction !
,what does that mean?
You sir are the problem. It's not guns. It's Islamic terrorism. Say it three times. Out loud. Maybe it will sink in.
I'll say it: I wish EVERY gay man at #Pulse had been licensed to conceal carry, was allowed to carry, and had been carrying.
Seriously, do you even know about the violence at #LoveField the other day? #RockControl is where it's at now!
Yeah, you can stop pretending Islamist savages are not the problem and stop blaming an inanimate object jackass! #Orlando @SenBlumenthal
Would SOMEONE in Connecticut please defeat this dangerous buffoon in his next election?
@SenBlumenthal
Please don't be this much of an idiot.
Disarming the public will lead to MORE slaughter, not less.
"public health crisis"???
Granted an Islamist spraying high-velocity metal into a crowd is unhealthy for the public, but...
... prove to me a gun can shoot by itself without human interaction
oh wait.. Since this is a "public health crisis" is Obamacare covering this?? Moron
out govt is inept and weak.. Arm yourself, be vigilant and be safe.
then start using the laws that are on the books
Take them away from thugs Dicky. Question: How? How r u going to keep illegal guns off the streets fool?
Thank you, Senator. Just wanna put that out there despite the other replies you're getting. Yes.
True. But maybe you can learn from other tweets, too. Always something to be learned.
#liberal #fascist
Maybe you and the rest of Congress should do something to stop the flow of radical Islamic terrorists into our country.
yes, you keep bringing bandaids & self-righteousness while terrorists keep wielding their ideology & actual weapons of war.
First you give up yours and then we can talk.
Delete your account
Let's see- gun-free zone? Check. Muslim with admitted ties to ISIS? Check. Tell me- what gun laws would have prevented this?
100%.  God must be throwing our prayers back at us, since this is a problem we can solve with #SensibleGunControl
When r U going 2 go after gang/drug gun violence?Black on Black violence? Immigration? Thanks 4 bringing his family to US.
Speaker at Orlando Mosque in April Said Gays Must Die http://bit.ly/1sASDSk 
So you now support profiling?
You do realize ,that 
any 
'gun control" could not stop someone like the Orlando shooter,
Can you (& fellow CT Democratic Sen.) not even say "Radical Islam"? This is result of what Obama calls the "JV team" of ISIS.
SO STOP LETTING RADICAL ISLAMIST MUSLIM TERRORIST INTO OUR COUNTRY!!! STOP IT NOW!! As an American citizen I DEMAND IT!
Agreed. Prayers & platitudes aren't enough. Arm yourselves folks. The gov't obviously can't protect you.
It isn't a gun problem you fool.  It's a Muslim problem.
as guns don't vote, but Muslims do, he and his ilk will always blame the gun instead of the person shooting it
hmmm, i wonder where we could find a ruling on firearms. perhaps in a PS to a little letter.
You misspelled Islamic Terrorism.
So an act of TERRORISM is now a public health crisis?  Did you say that after they flew the planes on 9/11?
Quit importing muslim Democrat terrorists & hiring them to work for you. @SenBlumenthal
No one is beseeching you to do anything.
Blumenthal is an ass.  Passing more laws to take guns away from law abiding citizens is not going to do anything.
.@SenBlumenthal #ShameOnYou
I would expect nothing less from somebody who lied about his military service.
.@SenBlumenthal By continuing to blame the method, and not the causes and conditions you are part of the problem, not the solution.
blood on the victims hasn't dried yet.  Please stop pissing on their misery to push your agenda
Club Pulse was in fact a Gun Free Zone. And since when do terrorists obey  the law
Dick: It wasn't a gun, it was a Moslem.
How about @TheDemocrat & @POTUS being accomplices in importing #ISLAMIC_MUSLIM_TERRORIST that are committing these acts.
u have the perfect name...DICK!
FIFY: The public is beseeching us to act on commonsense #IslamicViolencePrevention—we must heed that call. - @SenBlumenthal
You are a fool!  As one of your constituents, let me help you comprehend that ISLAMISTS are the issue here not guns.
How about going after the root of the issue, Radical Islamic Terrorism, instead of the symptom. Idiotic political response.
@Minizorg @SenBlumenthal #CominForYourGuns
Damn straight!
#IslamIsTheProblem
Oh, come on.  The guy was a security guard and I'm sure went through all kinds of background checks.
You silly fool! When are you going to deal with Islam? What does it take to get that simple fact into your thick skull?
Uh, Dick, probably a bad call to downplay prayers on Sunday when they're still counting the dead. You're a doink.
Ease up on the prayer shaming, Dick. If you must mention religious impulse, remember that Islamism caused this.
What background check could have prevented this?
@seanhannity OH MY GOD! What is WRONG with YOU? An attack on our citizens by the US BASED JV TEAM of ISIS is TERRORISM STUPID
Don't be fooled by the LIBERAL TALKING POINTS! it ALWAYS takes a good guy with a gun to defeat a bad guy w/gun!
Terrorist a member of your party. We need common sense Democrat control.
Ummm...he passed background checks. What else do you want???
#Orlando terrorist had FL Security Officer and Firearms licenses. Was background checked. It's all about Islam. 
Wrong - terrorist would use knives, cars, bombs, the problem is radial and militant terrorist.
Shut! Up!!!
Way to use a tragedy for political purposes and direct away from any mention of ISIS. Did an Imam write this for you?
this isn't a gun problem. It's a radical Islam problem. Did you forget 19 radical Islamists once killed 3000 w/o a single gun
@Minizorg @SenBlumenthal but remember, guns don't kill people, people use guns to kill people!!!!
they also use airplanes and pressure cookers as well as throw gay people off 10 story buildings
It is time to #BanIslam as a cult of violence and death ...
You're blaming our civil rights for ISIS terrorist attack?  Do I have that about right?
You fight harder against caffeine drinks then you do against guns. Give me another dumb sound bite.
The killer had a political motivation. It was terrorism. #WakeUp
without that weapon it would have been a temper tantrum
Americans were just brutally killed by ISIS. Democrat @SenBlumenthal wants to disarm Americans to make it even easier for them. #Orlando
Stop public corruption in Ayer Ma police department with Ayer Ma hospital and officers wife.No disclosure of head injury
Oh come on Dick, the bodies aren't cold & U'r playing politics! (as usual)
It's a shame you disqualified yourself as having "common sense" when you deemed ecigs as TOBACCO product.
