thanks for your vote against this bill
Thank you so much Sen Blumenthal. When I read all ingredients, I can plan safe meals for my food-related illness clients!
I am from CT, and I will remember your stance on this measure.
don't stop fighting for the consumer's RIGHT TO KNOW
Thank you for standing up for us!   #gmolabeling
Thank you for taking a stand for the citizens of America.
Thank you for doing the right thing to protect US consumers.
Thank you for standing up for our right to know
Thank you for standing up for your constituents and for the democratic process!
@ElaineEdelson Thank you for supporting our basic rights. We've a right to know what's in our food! Takes courage to stand up
Thank you for being one of the few members of our Senate to stand up for the people.
Thank you for standing up for us!
THANK YOU FOR YOUR VOTE
Thank you for not supporting the DARK Act. I am so ashamed of the turncoat Dems.
You have my respect and gratitude good sir!
Thanks for your hard work.
Thank you Senator Blumenthal!   From a NH resident who shops in Vermont!    Paul Dobbs, Ashuelot, NH
Thank you
thanks for your no vote Senator Blumenthal!
We appreciate your courage in representing the will of the people!
Thank you for standing your ground for the people
Thank you for fighting for standing up for the people.@SenBlumenthal
thank you for voting against the DARK Act!

Thank you for Standing up for the People!
Thank you for your critical support.
THANK YOU!
Thank you for your courage and strong stand on our behalf.  We, the citizens of CT, expect to know what we are ingesting.
Thank U for standing up for CLEAR GMO labeling and our CT labeling law.  We have the RIGHT TO KNOW what's in our food!
thank you for fighting for GMO food labeling despite the pressure on you to cave to Monsatan!
thanks for standing up for the people. You are an honest politician!
Bless you for your very good works and record.  I am grateful for your position.
Thank You for voting against this GMO ruse.
Thank you for supporting consumers, not big corporations who want to keep us in the dark about what our food contains.
I know you faced enormous pressure on this issue. Many thanks 4 your "no" vote on #TheDarkAct . #SayNoToGMO
Thanks for standing w/American People on this. If only the majority of Americans knew the truth about #Ugly_GMO_Senators
Keep up the great work!!  We need the right to know.@SenBlumenthal
Thank you for representing the Truth and a right to know.
Thank you for voting against the DARK Act
thanks for voting against the DARK Act
@OrganicConsumer thank you for at least trying to do your job of serving the people instead of corrosive biotech industry
You are one of the peoples Hero's, Thank you.
Thank you more than you know for speaking truth to power!
Thank You for your support on this important issue!  Americans want to know what's in their food !
A huge Thank You for standing up for the consumer. Keep up the fight!
Thanks so much for upholding the right of humans to know what's in our food!
Thanks for speaking out against anti-GMO legislation!!!
thank you, Senator Blumenthal, for doing the right thing!
thank you for standing up for good legislation not DARK
thankyou for protecting our right to know what's in our food
Thank you for standing with the people, not Monsanto and all its TROLLS
Thank you for your vote Senator Blumenthal. We need more politicians that care!
Thank you for representing the American people!
Thank you for fighting for us on this issue.
thank you for standing up for consumers, not corporate industry.
Thank you Sir, for doing the right thing!!
Thank you for voting with the American people. You are one of the democrats that I will follow and support.
thank you for voting against this fraud of a bill.
Thank you for standing with the people!
thank you for fighting for safe food!
You really need to stop getting science advice from anti-vax cranks.
way to stand up on this issue. We sure do have a stake in this legislation. #SayNoToGMO
thank you for fighting for your people! We love you! #GMOLabeling
please rich stop the stupidity and worry about threats like attacks of radical island and Isis right now just ban GMOs
huh funny nothing about gun control from GOP guess that means they were correct lying liberal have nothing
