foreign leaders it hurts the united states as a whole. You should be condemning the leaking of classified materials
MSM is not independen a truly independent press wouldn't  spew  the SAME PARTY LINE  as Antifa & Hollywood & Academia Elite dubious at best
Press lies exposed National Security Secrets they are the threat to America stop whining 
And leaking classified information to the public via the press should be scary to you and 534 members of Congress. #NationalSecurity
There are limits.
The press can't publish a "how-to" guide for building nuclear weapons complete with diagrams and schematics.
Press lost is 'independent' status when became an arm of the Democrat party.
It's become a situation where the moribund Democrat Party is just a crime org, owned by the MSM and their masters among the Apex People.
IMF bankers
S O R O S
Hey Senator ... stop lecturing bc I still remember all the lies you told about your Vietnam Service. Wish u were in this meme.
The threats of these leaks by this propaganda machine you call the press are NATIONAL SECURITY THREATS that CAUSE REAL HARM to our nation!
You get no respect or sympathy for the repeated LACK OF MORAL's and ETHIC's shown by the PRESS to our NATION. Get Real & Stop Whining
Actually they are only threatening to lies and #fakenews.  If you know what I mean.  [wink, wink]
I've got socks with more time in combat than you.
What did Obama setting the record for actually putting reporters in jail do to the press?
Your lies about Vietnam is MORE chilling. Your
a Senator that represents our country, that's even more chilling than the Vietnam LIES!
'Independent press'. I larfed
Talking donkeys like you are a threat to public discourse.
fact that media, the liberal echo chamber, doesn't even consider NATIONAL SECURITY OF USA, when they print classified info ok
The fact our POTUS doesn't consider national security before he tweets, lies and runs his mouth to foreign leaders isn't acceptable!!!
Brace yourself.
@Rampage95x2 The press is the Democratic Party. They set the narrative for you Senathors and your off and running, like now
The same "independent press" that takes it's marching orders from the DNC?  Oh, do tell Mr Vietnam! Shaddup
Resign
Lying News Press!!
Maybe you need to find your safe space for a while. Then come back when you have REAL NEWS to talk about. Enjoy your safe space.
should have the common sense to not publish something that is senstive information. When they publish transcripts btwn POTUS and other  2/3
I think when it comes to matters of national security there is a very fine line. The employees don't need to leak but the reporters 1/2
There IS no press. You don't fool us here in CT. You are your WTNH propagandists are WELL aware of that. #StolenValor not a "mistake btw.
Your and Maxine Waters >>> perfect together!
Read your tweets no one likes you much.
Make them think first something new. Bet you Wish, know your gonna wish you would have thought first. You'll have the time to think soon
Liar
So you are ok with independent press releasing what they know to be a risk to national security? You are complicit and a risk to security.
Is it similar to the oppressive regime you fought so valiantly against in Vietnam?
"Freedom of Press" only thing chilling is they're willing put our country at risk disclosing info for fame & glory! PROSECUTE THE PRESS!
Yes.  Thankfully we have a SCOTUS.  THEY will not allow this
Impeach.  DT does not uphold our Constitution nor does he do what he swore to do when he took office.
#StolenValor #Demothug #POS
#StolenValor
We The People of this USofA r wising up to the corrupt shenanigans performed by u Senator and the rest of the elite swamp dwellers tic toc..
So, your notion of 1stA rights INCLUDES Top Secret Leaking? You may resign now.
Specifically???
What's chilling is how a liar like you got elected.
You lack of intelligence is horrifying to America
Why do you waste air? Delete your account. #MAGA
You are a fraud, should have been tried and convicted of stolen valor. Serious disgrace to REAL Amer heroes who have fought for freedoms
Really General
Publish all they want..just name source. Whistleblowers pay the price to get the truth out. If they believe in the cause, let public decide
If a leak is criminal...how is publishing it not criminal? Freedom of the press means "I'll do the time to get the word out there".
I would agree if the press was actually independent. The watchers need to be watched.
What is chilling is how the press is a propaganda arm of the left in the US You seem to be fine with that
Fake story. No one threatened the press. Are you taught to lie by who? Parents maybe? Liberals just can't tell the truth to save there lives
Being an arm of the Democratic party no longer makes you an "independent press"
You and your party are real threats to the 2nd amendment
Tell us more about how you "misplace" words.
First amendment belongs to everyone, not only press! Supreme court, ruled that press colluding against Gov, isn't protected. Subversion
So the leaks that put our national security at risk are ok?
THE JEWISH PRESS IS NOT A  FREE PREE. THEY  ARE LYING JEWS. MISLEADING THIS NATION.
didnt obama have the press listed as co conspirators. has doj gone that far?are they wiretapping their families?get a clue. go to Vietnam

The truth about Media Matters and their ilk. They don't want America to succeed, they want POWER through censorship. https://mediaequalizer.com/jeff-reynolds/2017/08/silencing-all-opposition-voices-inside-the-media-matters-playbook …
People of @CTvisit, This is what u pay this #Bum 2 do?Call 4 him 2 resign.Again he embarrass's #Conn. with his #stories.#BlumenthalStories
Are you really suggesting MSM is independent press? Did you learn that in Vietnam?
"Independent?" Just like you the press & #MSM are PAID by globalists to sabotage #Trump. The whole world KNOWS that, dude!
So u don't want anything slowing your propaganda arm down? Makes sense, If your a demorat pol. Quickly let's make up more lies.
To the MSM:  Don't be putting our country in jeopardy over your incredibly stupid bias against my President Trump!
So many Breitbart & Russian trolls on this thread.
Hmm. Do you think it's because of the content or the source? Seems like a lot of mostly personal attacks, except they're nonsensical.
Also chilling are the GOP Senators who confirmed Sessions. They knew exactly who he was and they will be held accountable.
Just be quiet you LIAR!!!
Loretta Lynch Vows to Prosecute Those Who Use 'Anti-Muslim' Speech That 'Edges Toward Violence' So what was this and where were you?
where were you when Obama was wiretapping the AP
DOJ efforts are threat to leakers of classified information. Subpoena reporters and ID the leakers. Support @POTUS #MAGA
What 'Independent Press'?  When did progs fall in love with the Corp Lying Media?  Stunning to see the hypocrisy out in the open like this
and safety of the we the people is more important than media printing clasified info ,but hey you dont care you support hillary.
not what they said, try to listen for once,and stop lying about being a vietnam vet for once,they dont want the media they want the leakers
How are they independent if they donate overwhelmingly to one political party?
You wouldn't know what the First Amendment means if it slapped you in the face!! How the hell did you get elected? Vote this lying scum out!
Did Soro's pay you to tweet this bs? You will have to meet you maker one day, all of you will.
More "chilling" is when a reporter, namely, @SharylAttkisson is hacked from an IP traced to Obama's DOJ.  http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/oct/28/reporter-sharyl-attkisson-says-feds-hacked-compute/ … #Vault7
You mean the propaganda arm of the Democratic party bcuz #MSM is not the independent press anymore. BTW how was Vietnam? #SMDH 
Pleeeze. Pretend you at least care about America.
Your lies and hypocrisy are being called out..we are experiencing our 1st A. Ur a fraud
Knowingly disseminating classified information, especially endanger individuals, plans, country is a high crime. But you know this, Spinner.
Even brain dead liberals know there is no independent press.
And you're a corrupt Leftist destined for prison. #sedition
Why are U sucking up to MSM? They broke your deal. They were supposed to deliver U the Clinton White House? It was her turn. U should be mad
You didn't fight in Vietnam to come home to this. By the way my father served in Vietnam, Hack.  Will you resign if Turmp is found innocent?
Says the liar about his actual military service. Trump is 100% right! Hyprocrite.  #MAGA
If the "PRESS" breaks the law,  they WILL BE held accountable!
So was your lie about Vietnam Service just part of you exercising your first Amendment rights? Please answer yes or no.
I realize you dems don't always understand the meaning of "is". But calling out #FakeNews IS a First Amendment freedom, not a threat to it.
1/2 -- What "independent" press? CNN, New York Times, Washington Post, etc.? If they're so independent, why do they report the same stories
2/2 -- that are favorable to the Democrats? Why don't they report on the Awan brothers, DW Schultz, Loretta Lynch, et al &their shadiness?
#POS
He's full of !
There are too many of us who have seen through you ..
So, was it really rough in the Nam?
Thank you for serving our country!
No YOU and your self preservation only thing chilling to American freedoms. #weseerightthroughyou
They are not threatening anyone. Rosenstein said not after press but leakers. Duh!
Hey I thought you were vacationing in Vietnam ?

& you are either a Blumen fool or a vey bad man 
We wil love to see all of u have Obama care yourself n let 5 muslim males live with your family n daughters n also let some illegals or MS13
Dems+Libs=left wings Hitler Polpott Stalin Nkorea Castro Idi Amin all was Socialist n left Venezuela your Narnia is burning u quiet Now?
We love when all dems+libs go all in for Hillary u did not care about all crimes n corruption From Obama n congress spy unmask Russia hoax
Vietnam veteran ? what a joke u have been all your life Dems+Libs liers cheaters corrupt need illegals n blacks to get Votes Pocahontas WOW
Progressive Fascists are THE number one enemy of the First and Second Amendments
You are trying to remove a duly elected President and overturn an election. That's chilling.
Draft Dodgers don't get killed in Unconstitutional Wars.
You are scary! Not following the law! If you break it then you should be charged. It's time the Establishment DEMS/RINOs/MSM be accountable!
No threats have been issued to an independent press because no such thing exists. Same concept as "ethical Democrat Senator from CT."
This sdmin is fascist at its core
Its not journalism when you print lies and make up stories to further your fairytale agenda .News is suppose to be unbiased!! Liar
bullshit. The press has a moral /ethical obligation 2 report truth-not lies and spins to support / protect political elite

Go visit Vietnam. At least you can say you went there then.
Even if that were true (which it is not) now you know how millions of Americans feel when you and the anti-gun groups attack our 2A rights
You mean like when Obama spied on James Rosen and Sheryl Atkisson?
Waaaaaaasa !! #DrainTheDeepState #DrainTheWashingtonSwamp #DrainTheSewer #MAGA #AmericaFirst #trump2020
All that is needed is the truth !!!!!!
#StolenValor #SewerSenator
Delusions of persecution fuelled by a paranoid guilty conscience.
Remember when Blumenthal complained about Obama wiretapping journalists; neither do I.
Nah, just chilling to the dem propaganda machine.
Its not an attack, it is pointing out your hypocrisy.Trying to take down a duly elected predident is seditious. That is what u are doing
Your the one thats chilling! You lied to the great state of Conn. & all americans. You stole valor of veterans that fought for our country.!
Dim SLANDER & SEDITION for TREASONOUS purposes is NEVER PROTECTED by th 1st Amend.
But sooner or later th penalty for Felonies will be paid
Please save us from crooked trump.
Don't know what you read or what you watched but it's not what I watched drama queen
1st amendment gave you the freedom to lie about your service in Nam. All Pres.Trump is asking is for HONESTY,Oh thats right U dont know word
Coming from a guy who supports a party that would shut down anyone's freedom of speech if it isn't politically correct to their narrative!
Your attacks on OUR #POTUS border on the pathological.  What are you hiding?
When the questions were provided to @HillaryClinton BEFORE the #debate, was that the "independent" press, #America deserves better, sir.
Only if the press plan to lie outrageously as they have repeatedly been caught doing.
Those same "1st Amendment freedoms" u were fighting for back in 'Nam huh?
Liberal threats 2 impeach our @POTUS just cause their horrible candidate lost are chilling to our Republics future. #StolenValor
That's like calling Pravda and Tass independent press. Disgustingly dishonest tweet
The press' unrelenting abatement of anything Hillary or Obama might have done wrong proves they don't care about 1st amendment and only $$$
He was not making a threat he is going to follow the law and enforce it. You leak classified information your going to do the time
Lying Press is the chilling threats to our Free Republic
Ironic how the truth triggers the leftist corrupt media.
You said DOJ threats are chilling? What's so bad is you condoning slander, defamation, and lying! The press goes without accountability!!!
Do something about it instead of tweeting your thoughts
You are not the right one to complain about any encroachment on any of our Constitutional rights.
The bias liberal press is a Threat to our Democracy and your so blind to see that the American people have had it up to here with there B.S.
What's chilling is the fact that dishonorable unprincipled ppl like you can become a Senator. Oh wait, you're a Democrat elected by Dems
You are so annoying
The DOJ has a right to investigate leakers who pose a National Security risk, and the agencies that collude with them.
C'mon...haven't you LIED & played DRAMA QUEEN ENOUGH? The LEAKS are a TRUE THREAT to OUR COUNTRY! I'd think you'd be WORRIED about THAT!
YOU are an EXTREMELY, LOW LIFE, cowardly, LIAR w/o ANY honor or credibility. You MEAN like Odummy militarized HIS cabinet against reporters?
You, Mr Blumenthal, are a disgrace to this nation, and an insult to those of my brothers & sisters in uniform. You're a political hack.
That would be true if they were the press
(((Senator))) defends colluding media in its bid to oust democratically elected @POTUS what a disgraced liar you are.
And you didn't misspeak, you flat-out LIED!
Me and my entire family will be doing our best to see that you are never re-elected in CT again!
If the same was happening to Barack or Hillary, you'd be screaming bloody-murder!
Did Brian Williams and Hillary Clinton dodge sniper fire with you?
since when did you care about the constitution ??? did you vote for Gorsuch ?
When "independent" press has proven over & over collusion with a political party then it's time for DOJ to step UP
Says the #StolenValor Senator!
Aren't you the guy who lied about being in Vietnam?
You're a threat liar!
