Bannon may have been banished, but the buck stops at President Trump’s desk in the Oval Office.
It is time to remove all the Republicans out of office including our president
Like you should have never been in public office after lying to the American people
Democrats have been the home of the kkk, Jim Crow laws, Kansas-Neb Act, blm, antifa, black panthers & dem congress denied women to vote
stop the lies he is a not anti semitic far from it.Democrats have a habit of lying when they have nothing else to say.The people see this
Last night our sitting president endorsed in his speech a faction that tried to secede from our nation. He should never have been in the WH.
Look in the mirror. You are a purveyor of hate.
Bannon .white house  lost but what a gain for democracy
And you should not be in the Senate. Do nothing but oppose Trump
.@SenBlumenthal Agreed! Congress must work on getting him fired.
You, sir, are a bigot.
@SteveBannen @BreitbartNews   Hey Steve any comments or dirt on Tricky Dicky here??????
And I thought that was all the Democratic Party
Real story.
Disgraced EX Marine...LIED about service. Disgraced the men and women who fought in Vietnam. #SewerSenator comments on honorable serviceman!
Obama should over never been in white house .muslim UnAmerican POS FROM THE VERY START .CLINTON SOLD THIS COUNTRY DOWN the river need .
Americans deserve better, than to see a anti-semetic, racist working in the Whitehouse. Good riddance and now let's get the furrier out.
The blame goes to Trump for bringing in extremists like Bannon (Miller, Gorka, too) into the White House. Their agenda is anti-democratic.
 You're a racist too.. your as white as they come! According to the leftist that's the qualification right.. SMH
Go hug it out with De  blasio.  Your both mentally challenged liberal Trump haters.
Taxpayers demand Maria Chappelle & Maxine Waters be removed from office. No room in congress for degenerates.  Can['t call 4 assassination!
No U wanted 2 C Hillary in WH.  Her chief of staff, Huma Abedin was just indicted under the Espionage Act.  Can Hillary B far behind?
You're corrupt and a complete disaster. Your liberalism is a mental disorder! Shameful
TRAITORS don't belong in the WH i.e. Obama/his admin, maccain, Ryan, graham, McConnell, flake. They are more dangerous than a terrorist
So much hate going on ! Never heard so much venom spewing prior to the last racist leader, he should die already.
Where's the proof for your ranting?
And that orange blob shouldn't be there too!
@APPROVEMAN
It's just optics that #PresidentBannon resigned. Btw you should've called him out by name long time ago. But, keep up, impeach T.
Democrats are the real racist & misogynistic  idiots!! Own up to the Democratic history
You shouldn't have been in the senate in the first place you liar. Have you been to Vietnam yet? Trump is great.
Are you talking about Steve Bannon or yourself?
In reality Trump should never have been in WH either.#Putin/Russia
Neither should Stephen Miller nor the Gorkas
Don't believe anything you say.
Thank you Senator Demagogue
Nor should have @realDonaldTrump. The amount of trouble, chaos & civil unrest this megalomaniac has caused is near catastrophic.
@MelissaJPeltier lying Conning Snake Oil Selling wins over gullible unemployed.Dutch say Idle hand mischievous,Jobs Jobs Jobs
And having highest security clearance.
Ad hominem attacks are unacceptable! Especially when you lying! Unconscionable and unacceptable
Why do you hate America
Why is it you can only lie.  You effers are the problem,  you need to be tarred and feathered
Wow lot of hate do you have any proof when you slander people or that doesn't really matter to you
You should never have been in the senate. Your a lier
Yes, and a president who condones Neo-Nazis is a traitor.
Miller and the Gorkas - and also Kellyanne who was brought in by the Mercers with Bannon - shouldn't be in there either! All should be gone!
HALLELUJAH!
Ever
Never and neither should trump
How about another Boston tea party on both coasts onlyinstead of tea we dump the alt right in the water they need to clean up their minds
Neither should @realDonaldTrump
Ditto for @realDonaldTrump
Sounds like a dark humour Hallmark line of cards.
It's good to know that you're amazing and would have made all the right choices and done all the right things.
Others are still there
You are. Racist etc, for calling someone one, by the way how was Vietnam?
Neither should tRump
and that goes 4 #Trump 2! #ImpeachTrumPenceNow
I agree! Don't know how we got to this place in our country. Appreciate your sharing your opinion
You should've just cut to the chase & said @realDonaldTrump..should never have been in the WH in the 1st place. #ImpeachTrump #ComplicitGOp
The same goes for a lot of people still there
That inauguration speech still gives me shivers!!
Neither should you be a senator for lying about your service as a Marine ... Loser
#hatestartsinwashington With politicians like you ,Pelosi and others the hate will not get better in this country!!!
Tbf that could be said of Sessions as well! How that  Lyin' Racist Evil Elf was ever confirmed, & remains AG is nauseating, 2 say the least!
And you should no longer be a political party considering you formed and created the KKK! You need to be taken down like the monuments! 
Never heard you criticize Rev.Al
Same can be said of @realDonaldTrump @POTUS and his entire disgusting gang of thugs
And what about your thoughts on the MO senator?
Sounds to me like you are speaking of @realDonaldTrump
Same as Trump. Snake oil salesmen.
Thank you for your service in Vietnam, sir.
True, but he will do more damage on the outside. This is just part of the plan.
Bannon was never meant to be permanent but surely you know that. If I were you I'd worry more that DT just moved his queen, the rook is next
Aww look. Blumie is reminding ppl of Killarys buzzwords. How obedient.
#SteveBannon again w/ @BreitbartNews,has stated"he is going to war for trump."He threatens us in that statement.Bannon is a #traitor!
Tell Donnie #ImpeachTrumpAndPence
There u go w the name calling & race card. Can't u come up with something different, like the truth?
We seem to be saying that a lot lately. 
#fakesenator
The war hero speeks again. POS
Oh shut up stop dividing this country with your lies!
Hear, hear
Absolutely.
Yeah, they have the president for that
We still have one or more in there. Definitely one with a ridiculous ego and the inability to tell the truth.
Thank you for stating what NEEDS to be obvious. And thru all this, THE DEAFENING silence of CON-gress....
Neither should Trump
Neither should @realDonaldTrump
very true..either should trump
If this administration isn't proof enough for us that the Constitution must be amended so it can't happen again, we don't deserve a country
Agreed! But you have these 4: Cohn, Mnuchin, Chao and Kelly standing bside him supporting his racism/bigtory and NONE to walked off!
Then the same needs to be said of Mr. Trump. He never should have been allowed. It's way past time for the @SenateGOP to get him out!


Trump shouldn't be In the WH neither
should have never been in politics. Just like you. Your a liar an opportunist and a no good grandstander. Did Bannon serve with you in Nam?
The little man behind the big desk shouldn't be there. President is a racist, nazi sympathizer.

Now we need to eradicate Miller and Gorka. Right away!!
You could be among the biggest race baiting liars in the Democrat caucus and that is saying something! Have you ever even met Bannon? NO!
@realDonaldTrump A purveyor of Anti-Semitic, Racist, Xenophobic&Misogynistic ideologies should never have been in the WH in the first place
Neither should Trump
Exactly. Steve Miller needs to go next.
oh give me a break, obama was put in the white house because of the color of his skin
DemocRats have fucked over America long enough.
And Trump shouldn't be in the WH anymore. What will YOU do about it?
Which brings us to Gorka why in the hell is he there disgusting absolutely disgusting

Thanks Captain Obvious. :)
Neither should Trump.  Unfortunately, shit happens.  Time for senate to impeach.
now.. he has a ton of extreme inside information. he's not going to sit on it for long.. 
Donald Trump who is obviously extremely racist should've never been the President of the United States!
Respectfully sir, then I'd like to know how the hell he was ever allowed to be there! #FireGorka #FireMiller
Neither should trump.
Shouldnt you be busting hookers and serial killers on craigslist?
you should never be in sen. Mr Stolen Valor I was in Vietnam liar Disloyal fuk
Or trump
http://www.pinknews.co.uk/2017/08/18/the-man-who-co-wrote-art-of-the-deal-says-donald-trump-is-about-to-resign/ …
The man who co-wrote Art of the Deal says Donald Trump is about to resign
And had top security clearance - God knows how he'll twist what he's learned.
Oh come on Senator Blumenthal don't hold back! LOL
he was and he is not gone, nor the bottle of racism he opened
That is so true- there is a few more that need to go.
When will it be official?
http://Mr.B.As  a genius in a cave I am well aware that the cave drawings Say the Generalship of the US Military is now in charge.
Duh
Boom!
Glad someone said it!
And you should be where you are.??
At least we are all relieved that you will never be there
You should not be there either, funny how that will work out
That applies to #45
Actually none of them should be.
And his buddy trump
How can you spew such lies?  How are you any better.  What kind of Senator are you?
That description fits @realDonaldTrump perfectly, too.
Neither shld Donald trump
What a sad state we have become
Trump should not be on the white house.
Agree with you senator Blumenthal, but Bannon, Stephen Miller, Gorka ...are symptoms, Trump is the DISEASE!
What about anti-Semitic and massive tax dodger Al Sharpton Dick? The guy was at every correspondence dinner the past 8 years. Out them all.
Richie, Richie is it true that William Jefferson Clinton gave the eulogy at Sen Robert Byrd's funeral? WHAT SAY YOU RICHIE? JUST POLITICS?
And neither should Gorka or Miller.
Thank you for these words of wisdom, but most of us knew this since day 1.
@SenBlumenthal I would watch what I say about folks  if I where you!

@StevenMWolfe3 @realDonaldTrump are you sure your not talking about the Democratic party.
Same for rump
Neither should Trump.
But he was...he's seen swamp from within & now he's going "Deep State" on the outside!  What a marvelous strategy from the Chief Strategist.
lol. You probably never even heard him speak. Good job with your buzzwords though. When is your seat up?
Please tell the truth! Now that he is a private citizen I hope he files a deformation suit! Senator you have an obligation to be honest!
Donald Trump, Miller, and Gorka have no business being there either... there is NO ROOM for any of their rhetoric & hate in this nation.
And why not Daisy? We The People put him there..., and did so, w/o any help from Russia.  @realDonaldTrump @POTUS has ever right! #MAGA
@owenbernard Nor should DJT. All illegitimate.
Should be looking in the mirror might be able to convince yourself. Hillary had KKK support took money you okay with that hypocrite
Precisely. On the National Security team no less.
Thank you Trump
I am sure all that is still in there.
all this blather from a liar and cheat-truth is a stranger to this ass
Stop it. Just take care of Ct. for crying out loud!!!
Good thing DOJ will be keeping an eye out for leaked classified information. How many being assigned to Bannon?
Gorka and Miller also NEED TO GO!
IYHO.  Many disagree.
Call me paranoid, but now they have someone on the outside and Miller/Gorka on the inside.
And you senator, will hopefully be removed from the position that you use only for your own political advancement by the voters!
Wow - sounds like you are finally giving the President a big thumbs up . Good for you 
Neither should trump!!!
No he should not have, however don't think for one minute, this is not a thought out plan, watch the theatrics come.
Neither should miller & gorka #DoSomethingGOP #ImpeachTrump
I think someone like that fits right in at the White House
You think???  That discription fits the ENTIRE GOP and the ENTIRE Trump Administration!  Get to work and take out the trash!
Miller, Gorka...
That's slander. Bannon is a great guy.
It that regard, sessions shouldn't be at the DOJ.
So should Donald Trump
You are sick. No he is not and in my opinion he should sue you for defamation of Character. Character, something no Liberal will ever have.
He may have exited but he will still be in donnie's ear. #25thAmendment #FakePresident
Trump never should have, either.
Aree you going to start proceedings to expell this Senator, if not you have no stance for being a Senator yourself! #lawlessNadal
We didn't elect you to be a reporter - what are you doing for CT?
