@MoveOn is it true that some members of gop are being offered bribes incl keeping ACA for no vote?
Yes! Alaskans will get to keep their Obamacare if @lisamurkowski votes yes. The rest of the country will suffer.
I've also read Montana was offered same as Alaska.
Maine and Arizona too targeting Sens McCain and Collins.
Maybe they should just offer all states to keep the ACA for a yes vote and then we can move on.
Anthem Blue Cross plans 2 Raise Premimums 35% next year...SU(R)P(R)ISE SU(R)P(R)ISE...
The hc ins companies said with the uncertainty of the subsidies they're raising premiums. This is all due to dt!
In ACA now, GOP fought and removed capped premium protections for ppl based on income. It would have kept them from raising premiums.
.#RepealNoReplace #MedicaidPaysForThat #OptOutAmericaItsCheaper #IfICantClaimYouOnMyTaxesImNotPaying
I've called and left messages at every number for my rep.  Ive had my family do the same. what more is needed? Before Monday secret meeting!
Thankyou for such thorough work!  Anyone wishing for more they could do, can also use this tool to mobilise others:
That tool can also link people up with in-person actions nearby. Also find&follow your nearby Indivisible groups.Again, thanks SO much. 
I did that a few days ago. Proud of it.
Why? Are the senators going to read all the email they receive prior to the hearing?
I hope everyone who just got their bill for #ObamaCare calls #You abt #GrahamCassidyBill. #BlueCrossBlueShield just announced 30% increaseSC
Yes he is and he is banking on a NAU.
#GrahamCassidy hearing Monday in Senate Finance
http://committeemaps.org/index.html?committee=SSFI …
email:  gchcomments@finance.senate.gov
To give you some ideas, this is what I sent. 
Monday hearing in Senate Finance.

NOT DEAD.

Call, fight (with words).

#GrahamCassidy 
MAKE CALLS
https://www.paul.senate.gov/connect/office-locations …
https://www.murkowski.senate.gov/contact/office-locations ……
Done. Thanks for making it an easy but essential task.
I would definitely email but am unsure what to say. Senator, what would u recommend?
To give you some ideas, this is what I sent.
I just wrote a short paragraph, from my heart. Sweet and simple. I begged, and I'm not too proud to admit that.
We are all begging, and that's not how government should work.
It really pissed me off to have to do it. I am so frustrated and angry.
And worried.
Yeah, very worried. He has stirred up 2 hornets nests this week. Both have nuclear weapons, hate the US, and the Orange buffoon.
Argh, I can't even think on that too much. I live awfully close to some of those bombs.
Done. Here's the text:
Excellent!
Done, share , share
done, sent mine
Calked out "block grants" Congress has used block grants before and they always break their word. Easy to cut in future
I will. And I am calling all the senators again also. Everyone should. This isn't a done deal. #GrahamCassidy Please call your senators.
Do they really read emails?
Yep.Calling or going to office is best in general,but when a committee is accepting comments on a certain issue like this,good2do that too 
I called them and told them to repeal obamacare
Just sent my letter. #SavetheACA

Exactly. Thank you!
Thanks for the encouragement!
Great work! Thank you!
I am going to keep sending the letter I just wrote all day today. Spam that inbox. If they block me I will use another!
Thanx for your hard work! Or to spread the power to many more people,u can also use or share this great tool: http://trumpcareten.org . 
Done!  Thanks for all you are doing!
NOOOOO!!!!!! Just repeal obamacare, STOP all the FED input on HC.
I did it! 
What should we say to them?  Don't kill American citizens?
People have posted their letter on here to share some ideas.  Please send an email - I did and it only takes a couple of minutes.
If unsure of what to say when you need to make calls or write etc, a great app or tool is @make5calls.Also tells u when issues come up!
I sent my email and im posting it everywhere
Thanks so much for taking the time to speak out! 
Mr Senator, my premium is going up another 27% in 2018, Obamacare has been a total failure for self employed people like me
Self employed & my premiums are high. I'm in a state that didn't expand Medicaid. When I lived in a state that did, premiums were low.
#DONE #RESIST
@texyellowdogdem I will call. This bill is by far the worst. States will kill it one by one. The financial burden to much
Thank you. Sen Blumenthal for representing my deepest concerns.
Done! I hope my comments are read in testimony. Lifetime cap at age 30. Grad student in health policy at U of MN.
Sent 6 emails! Call @marcorubio & @SenBillNelson daily. #PreExisting w #BehcetsDisease. #ACA only way 2 get #healthcare.
Just got my 11 RX
Done
Done!'
We know you have our backs.
I am very concerned about the Graham-Cassidy health care bill.  This bill is for less than 1/3 of the country.  It will devastate the rest.
Done.
Done!!
Your progressive liberal socialist party doesn't work for Americans! Obamacare is a loser and you know it!!! What have you done to fix it?
Message sent. Thank you, Senator Blumenthal.
Done.
Just sent mine.
And maybe decide to not vote for these ppl next time? You cut their salary check annually April 15. You have the power to fire them. Vote!
Thanks I sent it!
No vote please!  Do what's right!
Done!  Spreading the word to all my contacts, too.
I used your letter as a template. I sure hope they hear us.
Done 
Done!
just sent my email
When your house has a structural probkem, u don't tear it down and build a new one, u repair it. Same with ACA, repair it, don't demolish it
Done.
Treasury prints Trillions to save the Global Economy..Trillions backed by Faith in a better tomorrow & yes vote 1/6 of economy threat idiots

.Done. Please send email by Monday #Resistance. Push hard against repeal and #CassidyGraham bill.
Like your life depends on it.
#SaveACA
My life DOES depend on it! #PreExisting w #BehcetsDisease. Just picked up my bag of 11 RX for the MONTH this week! #ACA is my #healthcare!
Mine depends on it too.
Stop the bill
My email to Senate Finance Committee
Done.
Get this maniac, dt, out of office&out of our faces. I turn off TV when his face comes on. Eyes glazed over, hair color orange again. UGH 
I did it! Took me less than 5 minutes. Thank you for the link to the email. I hope it helps!
Done
sent my letter
Kill the Graham effort, the country has enough to absorb with TRUMP.
Here's any IMPORTANT job for us to do. Now.
Done
i sent mine
Thank you so much!
Done
@IndivisiblesNC
want to expand Medicare join the ACA like the other states. Don't cry about and take from those States that did. Your new plan is not valid
Done
Just emailed them! Thank you. I hope they read and listen to why we want to keep the ACA & what we’d like to see in improvements.
I sent mine yesterday!
Thx! Sent
Done!
I sent my email.
Huge thanks to all of you standing up for your fellow citizens. 
DONE! Thank you for the email address. We all have to keep fighting this monstrosity of a bill. #ProtectOurCare #SaveACA
i emailed
Just sent this to Senate Finance Committee. Thank you for providing their email -- and for everything you do for us.
Thank you!
Done.
Thank you! 
/3 as proposed in Graham-Cassidy will break our backs.Waste no more time on this.Simply say,and vote, NO. Millions of lives depend on this.
@IndivisibleTeam help us out on this
/2 It strips healthcare from 32 million  Americans, who are the backbone of America. But, the crushing medical costs /3
/1 My email, just sent: Honorable Committee, This bill is morally corrupt and WRONG. /2
done - thanks - and also I'm calling/faxing @tedcruz @johncornyn daily - wish they would listen to reason #nograhamcassidy #savemedicaid
Done and RT'd
Done
Done! Thank you for providing this information!
.@stratford_fight
Just emailed!
Done.  Email sent.
Email sent...thank you for supplying the contact info A.E.Bachrach Ph.d. Fellow and Diplomate, American Board of Forensic Examiners. .
McCain 202-224-2235
Murkowski 202-224-6665
Collins 202-224-2523
Portman 202-224-3353
Capito 202-224-6472
Alexander 202-224-4944
Done!
Will do!
Done. Thanks Senator.
Done
Done, sir & THANK YOU for standing for all Americans!
I have emailed.
@SenateFinance What is the GOP thinking? ACA needs to be fixed. This health care plan is only to allow for tax cuts to the rich.
I sent an email. I hope they listen. I hate the GOP and how they are trying to destroy people's lives.
Here is what I emailed:

Please do not kill us.
Thanks.
Just sent my email. Keep up the good fight @SenBlumenthal @RonWyden @SenJeffMerkley
Just sent my email!
Done!!
Thanks for sharing the address. My email:
Fantastic letter. Thank you!
Thank you. It only took a few minutes.
Done!
RT Neither the @USGAO nor the @SenateFinance  has released any figures on #GrahamCassidy . Wonder why?
My letter to the committee...
Thanks for your hard work!
I've called all 50 GOP senators. 400 million $ BRIBE from Koch Bros is criminal. Political bribery MUST be outlawed!
Wow, impressive! Thanks Maureen #Resistance
AND done! Thank you @SenBlumenthal
Will do!
Sent!
Vote no Senator, by President's own study your state loses 51% of healthcare $$
@HoneyDemForce Call e-mail visit offices Facebook Tweet your Senators & then; do it again
Sent email. Called my Senators. Let's stop this disaster people!
You prevent sickness or taxpayers will pay more in the future. REPUBLICANS please learn to read before it's too late
Done,thank you.
I've asked repeatedly for this bill to be posted online. So far nothing. I don't support anything blindly. LET US READ THE BILL!!!
Done
Sent my comments! #grahamcassidy #saveaca
Sent. Asked them to do the right thing. People before politics. Be real leaders, do good instead of following bad leadership.
Done.
Done
Thanks! NOW is the time for an email storm! Start tapping those keys folks! Cellphones out! GO GO GO!!!
Done.
Sent mine yesterday!
I sent my email!! Please send yours!!
Will do, any will be in DC Monday
Just sent in my comments!
Tell Bernie back off until ACA secured! He's putting wrench in gears! Graham is loving Bernie w/ rhetoric of M4A! CNN twnhall is a MISTAKE!
TY, TY, TY Senator Blumenthal! You helped me get heard. All Dems in DE (great), but barriers to contacting Rs in other states. Now I can.
Done, thank you!
You're on the wrong side of this one blumenthal but hey, you served in Vietnam . Oh right, you had a memory lapse
Where is the money going to come from to keep paying for Obamacare ? CT is already suffering from leadership failure.
Stop the insanity!
Done. Comments sent to: GCHcomments@Finance.Senate.gov
Done!
Said. The Graham/Cassidy Bill shortchanges those that need healthcare the most in the richest nation in the world. Do not approve this bill!
Here's my email protesting the passing of Graham Cassidy.
Excellent. Thank you for using your voice!
I'm not sure "hearing" is an appropriate description
I have emailed the Senate Finance Committee -- I told them that I am OUTRAGED with the behavior and criminality of McConnell and his buddies
Sent. 
I might be a Bard, but do you know how hard it is to quickly assemble a good email asking we keep our health insurance for everyone?
Thanks! Emailed my comments opposing this bill.
Sent! Thank you, Senator.
Done! 
Done!
Thank you, from the bottom of my heart, for helping me find a way to be heard.
Send a statement for the hearing, we did!!
Done.
Done!
Y'all need to get Paul Ryan out of speaker. Sure he is a leaker. Nothing will go through until he is gone. Send him packing to wk w obama

STOP BERNIE!!!!! HE IS NOT THE RIGHT ONE TO DEBAT. HE IS NOT A DEMOCRAT!!!!!
done
DO NOT LET @SenSanders  DO DEBATE ON MONDAY!!  He is ruining it for the ACA!!
Been away for a few weeks out of country - clearly not much has changed with our senator imposter


Done!
It is shameful and they know it.
Done
Done.  C'mon people, send those emails!
Done!!
Shut down Bernie Sanders debate on healthcare until after sept. 30. Let GOP hang themselves first.  Be smart! Please !!!
Sent my email this morning.
Thank you for stepping up to protect CHIP and the ACA!#GrahamCassidy#protect childrenshealth
Done!
Done..Thank you Senator Blumenthal for setting up w easy link. Please every1 take 2-3 min. to email finance committee. #GrahamCassidy
@RSNightwatch
Done! Thank you for sharing the email address. I hope they will take our communications into consideration. We are pleading for our lives.
Done!
Email sent!
THANK YOU for letting us know Precisely how to help more by giving the committee's email address re: defeating Graham-Cassidy.
Can you believe it? Trump blocked this cancer stricken woman on twitter. https://www.facebook.com/TheDemocraticCoalition/posts/697999613736750 …
Please read!  Trump is creating chaos/diversion. Using NKorea, Kim Trump incites nuclear war to divert us from Mueller's probe. Stop Trump.
Worst possible policy. Millions will lose coverage, thousands will die....while Trump's staff callously take private jets everywhere.#remove
Email sent and I retweeted this - thank you!
Done!  Sent email did my husband did too
Done
I sent my comments. Please all of you send yours.
dick, nothing but hatred, lies stolen valor, do something to earn your taxpayer funded salary.
I love Graham crackers.
Yeah we want it to pass they'll hear from us
