.@SenBlumenthal warns that If US pulls out of Paris Agreement other countries may also loosen their commitments 
America first
Also you tell Merkel she wants to go it alone. Please close our 21 US military bases over there. Her economy would fail.
I hope they close all of their factories here in the US and put all of your MAGA shit out of work. Tit for tat asshole.
Now you snowflakes are crying about a smaller military footprint? Make up your delusional minds.
Oh no, I hope the Germans close the car factories in your states and leave you high and dry for jobs.
Just a reminder. BMW and Volkswagon are not federal government agencies. They are private business.
B.s.
Do you think that other countries view withdrawing from negotiated complicated international agreements lightly? Interesting.
They can blame the prior administrations for that deal. They'll be more careful what they agree to going forward.
They can try but governments don't think that way. Other govts will be unwilling to make agreements while Trump in White House
Anything is possible.
He continually undermines all good works, both here and around the globe. How long must we put up with this?
Our credibility was undermined minute DT became president! We showed world just how stupid America is! No action GOP continues STUPIDITY!
our credibility was shot under puke stain Obama get real
Really? Please provide examples of where in the free world, Obama lost credibility in his 8 yrs. cite sources would be  if you can.
Thanks, I figured as much. Rhetoric doesn't do well against facts. 
Your talking about credibility? That's the ultimate in hypocrisy
Coal jobs are the future
The coal industry is declining in rapid numbers.check your facts
No way?!?!?
Aetna about leave the state and you are more concerned with climate & the rights of illegal aliens.Wonder why our state is almost BANCRUPT
Partisan politics from a bloviator with no credibility.
Egypt, IRAN, Netherlands, Switzerland among 50 countries have not signed on
You gonna criticize them?
America first
This was an illegal treaty Obama did not pass through the Senate.All aspects hurt US while support dictators & polluting countries. Pull out
Good. China should be playing by the same rules as is. Why do they get years before they have to start reducing emissions?
Trump will only do what is worst for America. It's tragic. Will we survive?
Our credibility was lost the day you took office Richard.
excuse me Sen, but how do we get your @GOP counterparts to move on getting this man out of office?
You don't LoL
Jobs, jobs, jobs! Wait, what?
It's time to call for Special Prosector re: Blumy&Malloy for malfeasance financing and lets get a look at the income taxes.
Quit whining about hillarys loss. Do the work of conn.  Now Aetna leaving. While you and the dems cry. Conn being destroyed
Really Richard every day it's something else you are trying to be a super hero what about CT please retire Richard
@NewDay its just jobs for your rich con artist friends
#IAlwaysHaveAnOpinion #SchumerWannabe

I join my voice to yours for the sake of our children and our planet. Ugly American Trump diminishes our standing in the world!
the USA is going back to the pre 1930's Republican agenda.
More uninformed nonsense from our self promoting, irrelevant Senator....#outoftouchDick
Where was your voice 2 months ago when Polluting @EPAScottPruitt started dismantling ALL antipollution laws? Nowhere.  
You got a follow sir.
Trump's sole drive is to tear down everything even remotely connected to Obama. The drive for revenge takes precedence over the common good.
But donny and the Koch boys make money, they won't care about us or what we think, neither do most people you work with.
@NewDay all lefty loon lies!
That's the Putin Master Plan!
OMG can no one stop this #Sad #CNN
Paris agreement will never solve the poor tech issue of climate, only superior tech can while it creates a new industrial revolution
Our credibility is already undermined, this just seals the deal.
our credibility is already in the crapper. signing back on might give it a little boost back.
what about saving 400k US jobs and retaining over $2trillion in US wealth bothers you(sic) Senator?
Maybe the fact that neither of those things will happen?
maybe they will, he sure would not know...all he does is puke talking points
We've had no credibility since Trump was elected.
The US has long abdicated on international #ClimateAction. Maybe the world can solve this better without our interference. #ParisWithoutUS
Thank you, @SenBlumenthal Trump is unfit to serve and must be removed from office before the entire planet suffers more.
@NewDay wheres your statement on the vile #kathygriffin act? CRICKETS fr you, had it been a right wing comedian w #Obama ...
It is supposed to undermine the USA, all of @potus 's cruel policies are meant to cripple USA for Putin.
Most of the USA feels like the Senator's daughter in the pit waiting for the @FBI to rescue us from @potus. Where is Agent Starling?!!! 


Loss of credibility and jobs?  Well then, Trump and GOP are sure to do it.
#GlobalWarming Where are #Trump 's Generals whose military has warned about the dire consequences of Global warming?
blah blah blah
Did you not see Trump's visit to ME and Europe? USA no longer has ANY credibility. That ship has sailed! #Trumprussia #ImpeachTrump
Why is this treasonous lunatic, his family, and a Russian cabinet still making decisions for us? I thought treason was a federal offense???
What???
Are u f'n kidding me??

Need to come up with better bullshit than that Richard!
Like how Clinton and co helped create Skolkovo(Russian Silicon Valley)?
Hey Dick! When are you going to tell some truth? #StolenValor

http://www.climate.conscious.com.au/docs/new/4a_AppendixEmpiricalData.pdf …
YOU have undermined ALL Credibility of the United States Senate~!

Hopefully the terrorist will hear this and will stop killing innocent people. We all know climate change is more dangerous than them.
How can Trump make devastating change singlehandedly??
You drive around in a V12 car, you couldn't care less about the environment. #notmysenator
Our credibility is SHIT.
Rabid partisan rhetoric - CT voters deserve more than a progressive mouthpiece; real problems need solving
this barrage of crazy chaos has got to Stop!  i can't believe that "we the people" Chose this. does not compute.
