Mr. President: There's still time to show America keeps its word. Keep #DACA and the DREAMers.
To preserve American values and promises, l pledge to fight for the DREAM Act - a bipartisan act of simple humanity and common sense.
Eliminating #DACA would be the height of hypocrisy and inhumanity. Deliberately cruel and demagogic.
I thank that they should get send back cause we are talking care of them .they taking all the money and sending it back home
What ?  Where do you get this information from .
Do you support them and halfway pay them
If all of them go home then the American can go to work
That's not true . There are jobs . We're just not trained to get hired for them . The fifteen billion could pay for education and training.
And get welfare and food stamps and American live here and can't get $10 worth a food stamps
We do help . That's why Im proud to be American .
TRMP SAYS WHAT IS BEST AT THE MOMENTS IT CAUSE 4 IT.NOT ON THE FUTURE, NOT EVEN TOMORROW, JUST ABOUT THE ISSUE AT HAND B4 HIM. HE'S INCLDED.
He has no heart to heed. What's up w/ @repgoodlatte? #notsogoodlatte has something to hide?
Not that we didn't know good and well that @realDonaldTrump was LYING when he said he "loved" them! That monster has never experienced love.
if he requires them to become naturalized is unacceptable? Taxpayers keep paying and their kids can't go to college bc it's unaffordable
Legal immigration only. You should wake up
Balls in your court..let's see if Congress can do one thing right. Get it passed as a "legal" law, not an Obama blunder
If only there was a group of people who could do something.
He wants it both ways.  Knows congress will fix it but he can tell those who have no heart he killed it.  Despicable
Sure. Preserve what the court says is illegal. Do you know how to read?
There is no heart there. He is an empty shell.
DirtyDonald has no heart, nor does his base.
Pathetic...why is everyone so opposed to naturalization requirements. As taxpayers paid for them perhaps at least 1 law could be enforced
What heart? 
They get stuff that the Government give them but we can't get it that is why we as blacks are mad
The people that you should care about are citizens and legal immigrants.  Not illegals.
They were brought here as children  . Would you go back if you knew you were going to be put into a Mexican jail.
They have had time to start the legal process.
If there is 1 Veteran living on the street then U and all your followers should be ashamed!
Bingo!
but his heart is as dark as a Nazis. DACA is Obama so must be killed.
What an absolutely pathetic statement.  Obviously you could care less about immigration laws. Head to Canada see how easy it is to get in
He can heed both (you seem to have missed that possibility), but if they conflict, his duty is to his base. Basic democracy, please confirm.
He's the President, so his duty is to the best interests of the country as a whole, even if that conflicts with his base.
You are right.
Heart?
You're so precious, Ryan. Do you know how many people that he's "helped" that he'll have deported asap? Bless your heart.
Blumenthal ...America, despite its many imperfections, has survived and prospered mainly because of its legal system
Did you just use "heart" and "Trump" in the same sentence? Bahahahaha!!!!
His lips were moving so u know he's lying!!!!!
When are you going to learn that Trump has no heart! He will say anything none of it is felt!
If considered to be "illegal", send them back to where they came from.
So quick to blame Trump.,.. How about doing your job instead and correct Immigration Laws???????
This is him heeding his heart. Tells you how dead inside he is.
Good job Trump!!!!  Love it!!!!!
The law is not made with the heart, and all these kids are breaking the law regardless of how old they were when they got here.
@realDonaldTrump There's no heart, Senator, just a wannabe dictator.  Mueller has to hurry up and throw this guy out.  Deport him.
I PRAY THAT WE AS A NATION, REPUBLICAN OR DEMOCRATS, SHOULD TAKE HOLD OF WHAT TRUMP IS TOSSING TO WE THE PEOPLE. WE R SCRAP 2 TRUMP, CRUMBS
SIR,AMERICA AS A (WHOLE),SHOULD B ASHAMED OF ITSELF. Y CAN'T AMERICA C THAT TRUMP ONLY WANT WHAT IS BENEFICIAL TO (HIMSELF).CAN U C THAT.
Bye bye
Shouldn't you be working on a budget before Connecticut  goes belly up!
I hope that the Senate leads the way in making #DACA legislation.
I hope you and the rest of the congress will preserve DACA for the sake of hundreds of thousands of kids looking for the American dream.
Do you really believe the rhetoric you spew? #DACA is failed policy for America. Learn your facts! #fakesenator
The only thing in Trump's heart is more Trump.
Your comment is disheartening senator as you wish to turn your back on immigration laws and rights of US citizens you favor illegalities
They may be terrific kids...why do you not heed to the constitution and require naturalization.
His base like his testosterone is shrinking I know his brain is also shrinking All that McCky D's & those transfats which kill your cells 
You ought to know by now Trump is nothing but a Liar , mouth opens lies fall out.
FIX ..... THE..... LAW!!
Trump says whatever he thinks will serve his interest in any given moment. I'm appealing to Congress to save these young people.
You're sure it's spelled "heed", not "head"?
As he ran away from the camera. Senator Blumenthal you really didn't believe him .
So why don't they all get their green cards by now?
That's a good question . Who can we ask to find the answer..
That presumes he has a heart. I have yet to see one. #empathy
DACA was an unconstitutional Presidential overreach. It needs to be eliminated and put back in congress to determine the law, as intended.
We know this . We want the dreamers to remain in America until DACA become the law .
Do we any scientific evidence of a heart?
Pretty sure it is #FakeNews

Do you really believe he has a heart? I don't.
His heart? This can't be a real tweet.
He has no heart
Opposing this statement on two points: One, it assumes he has a heart. Two, It assumes he isn't lying through his teeth with every word.
At least he listens to his constituents. Unlike you
almost 1 trillion spent on daca illegals! 800,000-1,000,000 daca! free money, food, housing, health, phones =dems VOTES!
As an Eagle Scout, you know how important it is to be involved. God forbid they do have to go back where they came from, they can transfer.
If they take the path to citizenship and become naturalized to the country they know and allegedly  this would be a moot point
Are any of these kids involved in Scouting?

Then you pay for them.
Hoping Congress can reverse this draconian order. It is a heart-breaking disgrace.

@realDonaldTrump has a ??
The size of DJT heart! He said he would take care of dreamers; just didn't say it would be humane, kind, caring, decent, Christian,...
You have six months to fund the wall and stop the beach of future illegals. Will you do that??
Senator please don't vote to fund that wall . It won't keep anyone out and we could use the 15 billion for other very important issues .
He doesn't have a heart.
What heart? Have u not been paying attention? There is no evidence if empathy. People with heart can demonstrate empathy.20 yrs ago HRH E W
His base voted him into office, and soon ur ass out...
You're asking the impossible Senator @realDonaldTrump does not have a heart.
He doesn't mean what he says. He has no heart. God bless the immigrants!
God bless LEGAL immigrants and require ILLEGALS to become naturalized
@realDonaldTrump only has a mechanical heart that pumps blood. His heart is void of emotions including love, caring, empathy.
Every day I wonder more and more if he even has a heart. 
No disrespect but do you really think or believe he meant that when he said they were " terrific" and " we love them" ?
I do not believe at this point that @realDonaldTrump has either a heart or a soul.
What has 45 ever done that would make you think he has any heart for anyone???
What will you do, Senator, to prevent deportation of #DACA??
His 'kiss of death' clue........

He has a black hole where everyone else has a heart
Trump doesn't _have_ a heart. You know that.
Rules are rules Dick

I don't think the White House cares what we think . They only care about their 35%.

America is a country of laws. Should be enforced equally for everyone.
I disagree . If the law is heartless we have a right to speak out ...
Okay, speak out not demand over illegal acts
Coward
Love AMERICAN kids more! You are a UNITED STATES Senator @SenBlumenthal, not a UN delegate!
Then make it law senator!
We suspect "Talk is indeed cheap" with the adolescent leaning WH occupant.
What are they doing to become citizens?
Trump is a liar with no hearth. Our only hope is Congress passing a veto-proof Act to save DACA. Impeachment next to prevent nuclear war.
Daca was put in place unconstitutionally to begin with. It's okay to dream in a country but become a citizen not freeload and leave
Who would believe anything 45 says?
Why didn't you take care of this when your party was in charge or when your president was in office? Asking for a friend
To begin with they are not kids they are grown adults so stop your lies & they commit crimes I have my spouse as a proof of that you traitor
Ball is in your court Senator. Write a damn law if it's that important to you. You have 6 months, clock is ticking.
Words are empty&useless without effective plan&action implementation. Without the latter, it's just adding insult to injury!!!
Dems normalize lawbreaking
Great comment sir, but it's time he/we stop caring about the racist lot called Trump's base.
It is NOT racism when one wishes for the laws of the land be enforced for the benefit current & future of its citizens.
Honestly? Heed his heart? He hasn't got one, which he's proven again and again. Stop being a fool.
So what you are saying laws are irrelevant, they don't need to become naturalized and next time anyone does wrong just say have a heart?
They were children when they came here & know nowhere else. This was promised them. They must be law-abiding. I don't mind having a .
Neither do most Americans however become a citizen to the country that afforded you this opportunity
I'm sure they would if they could. They pay $500 regularly to be able to stay. We disagree on this.
This is yet to be validated for all illegals in this program additionally why the opposition to becoming a citizen of the US?
Nice echo chamber.
Hey! Here is the Viet Nam hero!!!! Why did you not fix this through legislation? Your President violated the law....you fix it...
Senator it is your job to change the law not the president and his pen.  Go for it you'll find the base supports you.
Get. Him. Out. Of. Office. Before he starts a nuclear war. PLEASE.
And what about AMERICAN KIDS! What's up with U helping poor people get job & a better life! AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST!
If DACA is so great to you why have you not done anything in Congress to save it? Just happy to be there collecting $ while doing nothing?
He has no heart. That should be abundantly clear to you by now.
Rule not by emotion, but by law.
DACA is just another scam for voter fraud, that's why you are freaking out..haha
If he only had a heart. Or a brain.

If he had a heart that might work.
You believe what he says?  Once a liar, always a liar.  Can't believe one word out of DT's mouth
Parents/Families should have done their homework & gone about it the (proper & legal way, initially); now leaving USA to figure it all out!
be reminded the senator u respond to comes from a state when the disabled are arrested for protesting and illegal fugitives lobbied 4
Why didn't you make it a law?
Good question ...
He has no heart. But you keep on dreaming there, Senator.
Time to accept *45 is void of decency and hell bent on reversing all work done by Pres. Obama a black man. Appeals for decency will not work
How ridiculous of a statement. Who cares what color obama is nothing to do with anything at all. If u come 2 the US & stay become a citizen
He has no heart.
He doesn't have one. A heart that is
#Trump wants to keep his promise to his Base #DACA
BUT he's not keeping his promise to get U.S. OUTofMiddle East @ Potus Lying to his base
he has just undone the good grom his harvey visit!
We all knew that was a lie.....nothing this man does is from the heart.  He has none.  So sad....@POTUS
whoa Whoa WHOA! Who said anything about Donald Trump having a heart? His publicist may have one but not the Mango Mussolini! #DeportMelania
Oh, @SenBlumenthal I think we all know he has no heart to heed

My point exactly. Our senator who used to uphold the law forgot all when he left CT to play in DC. Now it's all about  not laws
What heart?
If you think he has a heart you're too naive to be a Senator
What heart?
what heart? That man doesn't have one.
The only thing in his heart is money. There is nothing true there to heed.
Love them in Mexico!  Let them dreams out how to come to the United States LEGALLY!! No more freebies to these people!
He doesn't have a heart. And the 6 mo lag is because he wants to announce during sweeps. Thinks this is a reality show. It isn't. He's #nuts
Is he waiting the six months to find out about his impeachment .
Why dont you introduce legislation and make DACA law? You can't rely on Trump to do the honorable thing come on Senator you know better.
Uphold the Constitution senator
All of his life he has enjoyed living a privileged life, & as a president he's out of touch with reality. He's vile & loves hurting others.
Do YOUR job. Pass the DREAM ACT and rename it the Alonzo Guillen Act.
#impeachtrump @Sen Blumenthal Surely you don't believe words coming from DT's mouth.Do what you can to free US from irrational crazed trump
Yes congress should stand up . I don't understand why they won't stand up to him . Are they so afraid of him or his base. Please .
Are you Native American
#RESIGN
Democrat controlled cities are a war zone. U don't give a shit about this
Senator Blumenthal not Congressman Blumenthal .
My bad. Thanks for the tip .
If only he has heart.
No  to heed.
Wait you said "his heart". That's where you lost the whole statement. The guys a sociopath.
He has no - he's a soulless tin man
DACA. Is illegal Stupid!
If dreamers must pay for the sins of their parents, then Trump should as well. #daca #maga
What heart?!? @realDonaldTrump has a piece of rotten in his chest cavity!
He has no heart
They should go back to the country they come from and come back legally
All lives matter okay
Trump has no heart no soul
Trump has perverted sense of having a heart. He's a liar. We all need to accept it
Lol, rrriiigghhhtt as if #FAILING @realDonaldtRUMP's heart isn't just a fat $  #GetReal #FUCK45 #FUCKNAZIS
And murder .
Please pester the Congress and leaders like @SpeakerRyan to save #DACA. We are at full employment with our Dreamers. Keep it that way! 
Make the so called dreamers become naturalized citizens
He has no heart
You & your colleagues are assuming @realdonaldtrump has a heart?
Yeah, he does.  If you werent so busy hating him you'd find that out.  Where's your heart?
Sorry Senator but you must be kidding; cruelty domination and oppression are his heart. That bit was just that
Dreamers will never vote for you. Neither will the Deplorables if you don't support the Trump agenda.
DACA is fine but if they want to be citizens of the US they should take the immigration oath of Allegiance by their 18th birthday
What Heart
It's cute that you think he has a heart.
Please, he has NO HEART. He spews lies like breathing, he say the flavor of the day, his words are meaningless, has never proved truthful
All he's interested in is playing to his racist base and erasing Obama's legacy
He has no heart
I've can still love them in Mexico!
Has no heart. Blackened by his lack of empathy.
The guy doesn't have a heart like the rest of us.  His seems to serve a biological function only.
Heart ?
You are presupposing that he has a heart.
Like us, he doesn't believe the words that come out of his mouth. We keep calling the strikes but this player is still at bat! Just wrong!
How can one heed their heart if they don't have one? He has something inside that keeps him going ... but is it truly an heart?
