Gonna talk to folks in the private insurance industry about how they are gonna pay their bills & feed their families after this passes?
They've been milking the public for years. I wouldn't worry about them
Not everyone at Anthem can get a job at Yale
Do you have a Townhall scheduled?
Who's going to pay for it??
How about we don't lower the top 1% peoples income tax level?
Can't wait to go to one of your healthcare seminars and let you know how the muddleclass actually feel about your free healthcare plan
Dick, please explain to us all how it will be funded
How do think this will be funded! Taxes and the government will own you
Oh no, not in this life.
Medicare controls how your doctor treats you. They don't allow any out of the typical mainstream treatments. Controlled by the CDC and FDA.
GE Aetna provided great insurance to their employees. What happened ? U drive the out. Your the problem
And now Alexion
Talk about Your Vietnam service too! Challenge your constituents on that! Bet you are afraid to!!
How will you pay for it?  CT cannot keep up with bills now
Take a math class.
It's the only way they will meet the promise of their president. The promise of better coverage at a lower cost and more people covered.
Hell no. Why would Americans trust people as incompitant as you and your leftists DNC with our health care.
Blumenthal knows that those who suffer will not get good treatment from Medicare controled doctors.
Don't let them fool you Medicare for all means doctors that tell you to go home and take two aspirins.
Vote Blumenthal out of office. No socialism
Please post dates times and places or where I can find this information
Let's put every senior and veteran on the same health plan you are on and you go on crappy medicare. This would  make things change fast!!!
Talking about what?  Abortion, tax and spend, illegal immigration, debt, welfare, voter fraud or tax reform or handouts.
Don't talk to my senator like that! You live in NH save your bs for your congressional men and women!
Medicare for All will require federal taxes to double. Will Cost $3.2T annually. Current Fed spending $3.8trillion. You want to double taxes
I am telling you we don't want anymore gov't influence on our healthcare.
Typical Blumenthal give away more and more and more.  How about you figure out a way to get a single business to headquarter in CT
Lobotomy needed for all Dimms. #MAGA!
Senator Blumenthal you sold out. Such a disappointment
I dread the day of Medicare for all. That'll be the day when I will have no choice of my care. 5 minute appointments, long waiting lines.
What about the bribes politicians get from the insurance industry? Wasting your time Mr Vietnam
I would love to help in this fight & ask my congress members to support, but I live in DC so I have no voting congressional members #51stDC
Bloomie be sure to tell us how you propose to pay for it,the easy part of being a politician is spending the money.hard part is how u get ot
Socialism is fascist. If the govt controls healthcare. Your opening the door for mass corruption
What r u out of your mind.. We don't need the government running health care!!! Period!
Senator, u know nothing about Ct's health except for your own gain. I am a victim of your system, docs take the money and falsify the record
You and Obama increased debt by$10 http://trillion.Now  you and Bernie want to completely bankrupt us. Next time u r sick try going to UK
Going for a Walk Richie? Do you need bread crumbs to find your way back.  JUST THINKING!
Do you have a link to the bill?  Have you actually read #medicareforall ? Or are you towing the party line?
Let's put every senior and veteran on the same health plan you are on and you go on crappy medicare. This would  make things change fast!!!
you need to talk to @ChrisMurphyCT
I didnt know these guys all lived in Connecticut?
Only ones in your back pocket
You going to actually listen, or pull "I have to be somewhere" and run away like you did to me?
Thank you for standing with Rand today. #IStandWithRand
Great idea, except that we can't afford it. Congress should spend its time on improvements to Obamacare.
Translation: you're gonna take photos with women and minorities to pander for votes. While accomplishing nothing as usual.
So what happened to your last great idea, Obamacare.  Finally give up on that sham. BTW who will pay for this plan?
Be awesome if you could discuss your vietnam war experience with your constituents also... @SenBlumenthal
First, I challenge you to be honest & talk about who pays for those who cannot afford it?
What makes You think this time Wil work. Same Actors only older. Time Limits
Thank you! I will help to spread the idea too.

You must be a Dreamer
Democrats don't know why TRUMP PRESIDENT legally and I'm confident SPANKING THEIR ASS ALL 8 YEARS
Why hasn't @ChrisMurphyCT signed on to this yet?
Chris has his own plan
I don't think it is a good idea.
Tell us where the money is coming from please
From Your pocket.  My friend
Democrats can do anything TRUMP still PRESIDENT so  WTF in Hartford refusing healthcare
Rep. do not want Medicare for all.
NO #MedicareForAll
