Isn't the AGUS the PEOPLE's atty?  Thought WH counsel = pres' Atty.  So, next AGUS = DT's rubber stamp?  @ChrisMurphyCT
Unite @SenateDems #withholdconsent on Sessions, who would be rubber stamp
Bigger Q: Why Conngressional staffers working secretly for Exec? Lgslative brnch now rprts 2 Exec?
thought 3 = branches of govt. No more checks & balances? R leaders not consulted. What abt Dem??
defending Constitution now=betrayal?  Disagreeing w/ POTUS=betrayal? Secret #cabal now in cntrl?
@Jerry_Jordan It's not about the Dems or Reps now.It's all about respecting the American values.#MuslimBan #Unconstitutional
not a muslim  ban used Obama;s list & halted areas of known ISIS infestation until proper vetting, duh
And enlighten everyone exactly what law? You know facts
Sally Yates' decision was more political than rational or grounded in the Constitution. The EO will likely stand. Be honest.
she was wrong on  the law put her own beliefs above the law  if you believe in this also you should be fired as she was
Even if the EO is unlawful or unconstitutional, Yates' actions were highly unprofessional and self-serving. #yatesisnomartyr
@HouseGOP @SenateDems @jasoninthehouse Unless they stand up to Trump they are complicit & accountable. We will never forget.
what do you think now Dick?
SO WRONG, DOJ legal had already approved the order and found it to be constitutional; therefore SHE chose not to uphold it
You can't have a stable country where partisan politics transcends rule of law.  She was fired for good reason.
she didn't do her job, all politics, "you're fired"!!!
She's a stool of #obama the grand #idiot and #failure
he's a man know he's beta but a man
ru kidding,  what about holder and lynch, ignored constitution
let me tell we the majority are getting damage tired of this crap
she broke the law and that is grit and grace! Your version of the rule of law! Time for you and Durbin to resign! SICK REALLY
Ask for your tuition back Senator. Whatever you learned about the law is worthless. True grit is putting up with Leftist Obam
This is not the rule of law and you know better.
Wrong - she was insubordinate and pandered to the politics of those who disagree with enforcement of our immigration laws!
IF she REALLY cared she would have resigned.
I applaud her. She took an oath to the Constitution, not the President. Upholding that oath is the right thing to do.
no she didnt uphold her oath thats why she got fired , duh
We need to follow our President.  It is time to stop and go over the process.
I disagree, she should have resigned if she was unwilling to do her job!
her actions were disgraceful. I'm glad she was fired. #Realchange
While not knowing current laws, or precedents by previous presidents. She offered not ONE legal argument, just feelings.
If an AG can't, in good conscience, defend an EO or law, AG should resign. Did you pass the MPRE?
No vote on trumps supreme court nominee, justice Ted Cruz said we're doing fine with eight justices no vote!
We're all awake now Thanks to our wonderful loving PATRIOTIC POTUS. We know ur reason $ not patriotism we dont drink kool-aid
this was a disgrace.
I meant it is a disgrace that the administration fired her.
...Thank God someone can stand for what's right and say NO
and look at what happened... she's fired!  He is out of control
#WithholdConsent  #NoJusticeNoBills
no sir. She proved what we all know for 8 years. Obama admin and u and rest of dems trampled over constitution 4 politics
You wouldn't know the Law if it jumped up and bit you in the ass.
Do not confirm Sessions, drag it out forever...
The rule of law would require her to resign, not try to sabotage the government's position.
Let's ensure a Woman Supreme Court Justice walks the rescission to @realDonaldTrump & smile as she drops the mic #girlpower
The only one following the law is The President you dolt.
You dems in the senate can take your time confirming Sessions
Sally Yates will not be Acting AG, so get used to Trump's immigration order...#AmericaFirst
tweet missing "not".  @SenBlumenthal
vote no!!
Yates living proof of corrupt/politicized DOJ under Obama in lockstep w/ his agenda. Sad you support dividing . ISIS 
glad he included the nations that 9/11 terrorist were from! Oh wait he didn't b/c he does business in those countries!
Add @SenBlumenthal to the list of obstructionists when it comes to enforcing US law.
glad he included the nations that 9/11 terrorist were from! Oh wait he didn't b/c he does business in those countries!
Yes because going against an executive order from the president is rule of law. Right.
compromised  government  official  promoting  insubordination!  Tragic!  #SelloutSally
guess you approved of Old Loretta's meeting with Bill on the tarmac as well. #WhatAHack
glad he included the nations that 9/11 terrorist were from! Oh wait he didn't b/c he does business in those countries!
she is hanging her hat on her moral issue. It's quite legal
had what it takes to insure America is Great
#firesallyyates
@cubfan0217 thank god
Rule of law??? Really??  "Your people" may be gullible enough to believe that, but #WeThePeople DO NOT.
@Seglad he included the nations that 9/11 terrorist were from! Oh wait he didn't b/c he does business in those countries!
You are a do nothing senator you have been useless
All through your whole career your always investigating 
& Do Nothing
Trumps not a democrat or Republican problem..He's an American Problem...Time to work..
The Fight has just begun..Our actions from her on out will determine Who we are and what we will be..
