#DACA recipients have spent their whole lives here. They work hard & give back. Deportation would be cruel, callous & counterproductive.
Please refresh my memory just what was the promise?Sometimes our memory fools us like it did you .When you forgot you were NEVER IN VIETNAM
Dude, get over it. Seriously. It's been years.
Ignore it... This is how people with no thoughts of their own make themselves feel relevent on Twitter.
No he lied about service in Vietnam  4 political gain .That is disgusting .
You mean the way you betray Connecticut everyday with your ultra left policies? We in CT can't stand you and are embarrassed by you!
It's weird how he keeps getting elected then, isn't it?
No, it's not weird. Connecticut is a welfare/entitlement state & most of his votes are from our inner cities. Dems pay homeless $10 to vote
Ok so you are wrong on the "who voted for him" front. See the county voting results for 2016. And I'd need a source on the "paid to vote"
Uhm...our inner cities determine who wins our elections. They had ads in papers paying pple to vote. I'm done with you.
there's a lot of hate out there. It comes from the top.
You & ALL DEMOCRATS have betrayed all Americans!
With all due respect, please explain how you have come to this decision.
Becuz she's just a Russian troll.
You wish@
Trump is the best president we've had since Reagan!
Yes he will. Has pledged himself to ending ALL Obama legislation.
Seriously, I'm surprised he hasn't tracked down all the pardoned turkeys and had them served for lunch at Mar-a-Lago yet.
so, I'm not allowed to dream because I'm an American?  My kids aren't dreamers?Do you rep Americans or foreign nationals??
Talking about TRUTH u r a F in proven liar !!!!!
ONE MUST ASK THEMSELVES, Y IS TRUMP TRYING TO ENCLOSE THE NATION WITH A WALL.THINK HE'S FOLLOWING ARPIAO.A CONCENTRATION CAMP,THE ( USA).
You also face a moment of truth.  What about your service in Vietnam ?
Make a legal way for Dreamers.  Make it attainable, legal and possible.
Betray the Dreamers or betray his fellow country men?....no brainer..he is for the legal people of this country. U need to start hearing us!
The American public rejected you and elected Trump truth hurts
A promise made by one terrible president, not congress. Sorry. Cya
Send the dreamers packing!
Obama made a illegal promise.
I HATE TO SAY, IT WILL B SHOCKING TO C THAT HE STANDS BY HIS WORD'S. ON THE OTHER HAND, IF THE RESULTS BENEFIT HIM,OTHERS DON'T MATTER.
How can a developed country like the USA spawn lots of uneducated morons? Why do these morons think tax dollars are supporting the Dreamers
DACA, encourages illegal immigration, screw that. Hope, President Trump dissolve this program.

Trump keep a promise? Surely you jest.
We must obey the law. They should not be called "Undocumented ". They should be called "Illegals"
They're not dreamers their illegals
He was given no choice
@POTUS @GOP @DNC @seanhannity As illegal Aliens mean so much to Democrats & they hate President Trump, I think he  should cancel DACA!
@SheriffClarke Democrats let illegals stay, current mess is theirs. Not to mention Americans footing the bill & being put out of tech jobs!
@SenateGOP  @SenateDems Mr. Trump, do not give Democrats their request to save DACA without something in return! They have abused system!
And Connecticut still needs a budget.
Why is this so hard to understand, the law is the law. It's to bad we are the only country with laws like this??? Ya right
More than 97 % are in school, 5 % started their own business, 65 % have purchased a vehicle, and 16 % have purchased their first home.
Not bad when you can acquire so much being eligale. What a system we have for them
Become legal citizens...stop breaking the law DICK!!!
Did you swear an oath to the US constitution or to a global government? We promised nothing other than the rule of law-that makes us special
Be can't betray them because he never gave them anything.  Obama shoulda went through congress but he was weak.
"Betray?" Obama made a pact with illegal aliens.
Dreamers betrayed us! Why didn't they apply for permanent resident status? Why didn't they follow the law? They had plenty of time.
Obama's "promise" was unconstitutional. If you want to fix this here's a clue- change the law!
You and Obama made that promise, not America
He will.
America didn't make a promise, that joke Obama did
Promise made by who? The Pawn Obama? The Patsy Obama?
Of course he will, @realDonaldTrump betrays everyone
What,  we will take care of the dreamer but we can't even take care of our own.  #SupportVets
No, America must FIRST keep its promises to our children.  We have so many needy children that have no way of getting ahead in life!There #1
Nice! During this catastrophic event in Texas! No wonder undocumented folks are afraid to seek help! What a Pr**k!! 
Like u betray CT. So worried about Trump yet ur state has no Budget STILL. Schools, Parks, lacking $$$ due to the DEMs.
Obama's promise?
Maybe you should put this effort into helping actual Americans Dick.I thought aiding and abetting a criminal is against the law.
I agree. He is on the.highway to hell to reverse everything Obama has did for us
Don't you have any work to do!!!Obama care tax reform etc! ! Your massage Resistance  wow losser!! How's Vietnam
Your constituents are dreaming of the day you keep your promises to them. When will you work for the people of CT instead of your party?
He sucks.  Another rich elite progressive that doesn't care about the American people, forget about the state of CT. He is also a liar.
It's reprehensible and tragic but I think he will break this promise.
This is your job. The legislature. The administration is being sued to end DACA based on the law that you failed to change. This is on you.
I bet he grandfathers the kids that are here, but he's going to shut it down. Why should hard working tax payers pick the tab up???
That promise was from obama in the form of an executive order not America
Anyone that is a #StolenValor should not being judging others!! Hide your head in shame!
Ofcourse he will
If you like your dr you can keep your dr ...
you sold out daca when you allowed the fbi to wage a war of lies against clinton for 30 years.
When did America promise a home to llegals Richie? Do you believe in following the laws of the United States? Hypocrite!!!!
Yes tomorrow is Friday. Trump lacks understanding and what this great country is all about!
America didn't promise them jack shit Dumbo, Obama did, Without say from Congress. Facts matter Richie...
Trump is not America and never will be. The only promise he will keep is to his pitiful family.
You have zero regard for the law. I get it, they weren't responsible for being brought here illegally.... tough shit.
Why?
No America needs to have the self respect to enforce its LAW. Aren't you a lawmaker? Why don't you respect ur work & ask ur work b enforced
#Dickmustgo
Like you betrayed the real vets!
Obama made the Promise NOT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!  YOUR WORRIED ABOUT LOSING VOTES! RIGHT!
Current immigration law was a promise to citizens, those who immigrated legally and voters which the gov has been breaking for yrs now.
Perhaps DACAkids should stay,but Prez Obama's exec order didn't clarify how immigration law should be enforced, actually changed the law.
Pass new laws if needed but immigration should be LEGAL. Special privileges to illegal aliens not fair to those following law to come.
If the gov refuses to enforce own immigration laws (as has for 25ish yrs), why should ordinary people follow any law they don't like.
I beg your pardon, I never promised DACA a rose garden. That was Obama's promise. One of those "If you like your doctor ..." promises. #MAGA
As far as you know.
Blame for DACA kids predicament is not that of current prez or US people but of parents who broke law&former governments which allowed it.
Posts such as this seem to want to guilt&shame blame Trump& those who support him regarding immigration FOR FOLLOWING THE LAW as written.
Who gives a shit about the Dreamers oy Vey
America never made a promise to #dreamers. Obama issued an unconstitutional n illegal executive order. Nice spin Blumenthal.
He (@realDonaldTrump) does not care anyone. All he cares is how to undo everything @BarackObama did as president. Sad moment for the country
The sad moment for this country was when we re-elected obama i liked the man disliked his policies
Betrays good that US stands for; empowers hateful hypocritical immoral cowards. Doesn't hurt Obama, it hurts all Americans.
What about the American citizen?
@LindaNykolyn Real Americans don't break promises
Mr. Grinch
@realDonaldTrump doesn't care about DACA. It's about undoing another Obama policy. #NMP Failing
Are you the lawmaker or @realDonaldTrump ? It seems like you are in the position to do something, he is just following the laws as written
Like you betrayed members of the military #stolenvalor
Not on my dimelong as we R $19trillion in debt & it cost $450 month for my SS Medicare #StopDNC and California native language is Spanish
Um you realize it's the GOP that wants to slash Medicare, right?
What kind of crack are you smoking?
Promise to them? What about Promises made to LEGAL American's?  What a joke, let's not pretend like politicians EVER keep any promises #MAGA
#DefendDACA
Yes, we should and must. Congress must act!
they were promised a road to legalization if they obeyed the laws and were productive...now we will break that promise? this is not American
Trump's main mission is to overturn ANYTHING Obama did. He doesn't care about promises to dreamers. The man's cold as ice.
Well lucky you then, dearie! 
You betrayed voters by telling them you were a Vietnam veteran. What a disgrace. As a legit Vietnam Vet, you should resign now.
Betrayal is from an unconstitutional exec order and false hope from the president past not present
What is your plan to save DACA?
Of course he is going to betray them.  He gets off on hurting the people with the least amount of power
Richard ask Durbin & Ryandreamer legislation
Tomorrow is Friday, and the answer is YES.  #Sad #ImpeachNow

The senator knows nothing about telling the truth. He has no moral character
America owes illegal aliens nothing.
Trump did not create DACA it was the Democrats and Obama let him move in with you guys and you adopt them and pay for for then
This seems like one for our Judicial system asap! Please Senator do whatever necessary to stop this hateful act!
@realDonaldTrump is following the laws as written , you should blame @SenBlumenthal, if he cared; he would put a bill out for a vote.
Kidding?!? tRump would betray ANYONE. Even the flaxen princess Ivanka. He is a #totaltool
Hey what about Russia.
It not Russia any more. The fake news and dimms have trouble keeping that story alive. The dimms are now pushing racism and Nazi.
Really quite funny you talking about betrayal isn't that what you did to the voters when you claimed service in Vietnam. Democrats = Liars
or will he betray the voters?
Liars about their non service in 'Nam should keep their mouths shut about O's promises he cannot keep .@steph93065 @LindaSuhler @Lrihendry
Ok lets talk about ptomises like OUR BILL OF RIGHTS & the Constitution? What about that?
I ready know about our nation's secret government snd how it answers to no one. Makes me sick. I feel sorry for Trump.
Trump is not going to protect dreamers. We need a plan B
Blumenthal for President!
Blumenthal for prison that's more like it
We are all dreamers; most of us legal, law abiding dreamers.
Betray criminals?   You are really a clown Senator
you mean will he be loyal to america and stop this abomination
Nineteen Trillion Dollars in debt. We need a plan to fix America.  How does DACA balance the budget. Sry if I sound mean but reality check.
Come legal or don't come at all, I hope he does something to end anchor babies!
That was not my promise nor is it president Trumps
Of course he will break his promise, he has done that numerous times in just the past 7 months alone, no supprise here sorry.
Obama made the illegal promise not Americans. The lawful thing to do is deportation
I support legal immigrants not illegals
Serious question: Why should Americans pay for other countries citizens, in mass, to attend schools here? Our schools need help first #DACA
NO they are here unlawfully. Obama knowing allow MS 13 to expand throughout our nation. We are a country of laws enforce them. END DACA
#LittleDonnieDirtbag is a feckless thug
He'll definitely do it. They're not white.
Of course he will betray them.  He is a racist.
what promise did congress make the dreamers ??
It is UNBELIEVABLE that he is considering this during a natural disaster that can also impact a portion of these people. #Impeach45 #resist
He still has work. You didn't complain 1 year ago when Obama stayed in WH working while Baton Rouge flooded.
Obama was actually on a 2 week Golfing vacation that he refused to interrupt!
He can't tell the truth or care.
Trump is trying to keep what's lefy of his base.. I bet he'll do away with it!
Let me know which laws I can ignore without repercussions
Absolutely&will have Joe with him to make the announcement. He's a bigot if you didn't get that during his campaign (Mx rapist&judge2nmAfew)
Why not? He's betrayed everyone.  We are dreaming if we think he will not touch children who have known no other country than the US.
It is beyond sickening for Trump & the GOP to even CONSIDER deporting young people to countries where they have NO connection.  Immoral.
He doesnt care either way, unfortunately, trump just sits back and enjoys the disgusted reactions from all of us. Very sad but true. 25thNOW
We must at all Cost !
.Trump? Keeping a promise? Sorry, Senator. LMAFO.
So, its up to you:  Fix It !  #RATGIT
Of course he will ! YOU ALL NEED TO ACT TO PROTECT DREAMERS STAT!!
He'd betray anyone.
Wouldn't worry about POTUS. You should focus your distrust on someone that lies about their military service,like Blumenthal
800,000 Democrat voters about to get deported. Byeeeeeee!
Racist much?
