I heard #comey admit to a felony! Leaking! Not to mention he either perjured himself in May at the last hearing or he did today!
.@realDonaldTrump I wish we could #draintheswamp in CT and get rid of these criminal political hacks that hate America! #ImpeachBlumenthal
When your boss says "I hope you finish that project" they don't *really* want you to finish it? FFS, arguing semantics to fit yr narrative.
How abt you go troll Drumpf. He speaks to you.
We need #TrumpTestimony #SessionTestimoney ...please push issue. Just fairness for US after #ComeyTestimony
Without proof lol. Mind reading isn't! And hope isn't a order ! Boom you liberals look foolish yet again!
OMG were you even listening
No collusion, no Trump investigation into Trump, Loretta Lynch did obstruct justice. Comey admits to leaking,.......was YOU?
Leaking private notes as a private citizen about a corrupt president hum curiouser and curiouser. No proof YET
When you record private conversion and especially with the Presdent and then leak without appoveral !  Lol I don't wanna be you.
He did not "record" them he documented what happened because what happened was ILLEGAL LET IT GO I AM DONE
Lol hahaha, It doesn't matter anyway now. The whole purpose of Comey firing was to get Comey to conform no investigation into Trump.
Sounds like complete B.S a disgruntled employee who Trump fired and is a Clinton/democrat shill and you wonder why he perjured himself! Sad
Why is it okay for OBAMA to interfere with Israel's elections?
I hope there will be some consequences.... they seem to be very rare nowadays.
I hope everyone accepts it as truth.
Why are you so selective in relating truths?  I know why!  You have no integrity. Trump only  "hoped" the Flynn investigation would end,
giving him the same treatment as she received.
Yeah he fired him to actually get the investigation finished instead of slow rolling it like he always does for partisan points#liberallying
Do you think it unimportant to get all the details of our worst enemy violating our country's voting process? Sounds unAmerican to me!
Who said that?  Comey said under oath nobody obstructed his investigation. Trump was upset he was dragging it out comey knew trumpdidnowrong
He didn't say that...isn't that just what you heard senator? Isn't this misrecollection on your part...like your Viet Nam service?!
What's sad isn't what Blumenthal says it's that our fellow citizens of Connecticut believe what he's saying.
And that exactly why my state-CT is such a mess...top to bottom.
My state too..hopefully I'll make it out alive
Change it to following fact and evidence not the @DNC and deep state agenda. He was nothing more than a deep staye puppet
#ComeyHearing indicated your beloved #NYTimes story claiming Russian/Trump collusion story was false! And @RealDonaldTrump not investigated!
Must be tough for Dick to get involved in cases where ??s of honesty and integrity are issues, since he is a complete liar!  Stolen Valor
"Richie", those who make false valor statements should get out of politics! You know who I am talking about? Rather than act against Trump
Democrats need to stop wasting millions of dollars of our money! Democrats are the ones who ran a corrupt criminal politician named Hillary
Comey is a liar! He is one of the leakers! He needs to be prosecuted along with Hillary, Lynch.
My recollection of the election was that Comey turned it in Trumps favour when he announced he was investigating Clinton again.
Comey is like a messenger service...all over the place
He was fired because of the Russian! Why?  Was he the one working with them??
I think Comey and the likes of him..like his cohorts from Obama are all doing a lot more then we thought...collusion has taken a new meaning
No obstruction, no collusion. Comey one of the leakers! What a waste of taxpayer money!
That's not what he said! Why are you lying? Disgraceful
Define shattering
Incidentally his own words
Stop fighting our president and start working with him!
You got a whole lot of nothing!!!
He also said the Russians did do it
Don't tell us what a bombshell is, you never been to war. #StolenValor
Come testified he was a criminal leaker to media and Hilary and Attorney General Lynch conspired to obstruct justice.Two big "bombshells"
Trump said that too!
We all cherry pick our truths. How about Comey leaking stuff. That's my cherry picking.
Recuse ur self senator. When it comes to honesty u lack credibility.... how was the war in Vietnam
Speculation, Comey was fired b/c he was no longer fit for the job also Comey and Obama guilty of obstruction of justice
Flat out LIE!  @POTUS fired him because he was NOT DOING A GOOD JOB!

#MAGA
@POTUS didn't  Abuse his power,@AGLynch telling #Comey to not call Clinton abuses an investigation.Stop twisting the truth u snowflake liars
Really..this coming from such a honest & truthful person as yourself???  Didn"t you tell Americans you were a veteran?  
The President also told told the.public amd the media what he discussed wkth comey the next i refer u to sen rubios questioning were u there
Lying about your Vietnam record is also chilling!  How can you in good conscience get in front of a camera and accuse others of lying?
So now what?
Guess this is definition of "truth" 4 mindless Lefties like U--an embittered ex-employee's supposition, with NO facts to support conclusion!
Liar he said the investigation will go on
Care to Comment on that #LorettaLynch Detai?
Strange how Comey won't speculate about things with which he was actually involve, but he's sure why @POTUS fired him.  #BS
All this a 'political' #DemDid'ntWin, non-criminal, twisted waste of taxpayer $, wordsfrom a 'slighted' fired Fed employee.
This is not shattering news- we've known it all along. What are you and the rest of congress going to do now?
It's not news at all. Comey said Trump wasn't under investigation!  He said president "hoped"  not ordered or implied under more ?'s

Perfect for "Chuck the Shmuck"!

Seems to think his ONLY job as US Senator is to spend all his time and effort trying to undermine President
His opinion.
well if a fired employee says it it must be true? Ask Comey if he can prove intent as he seems to base everything on intent
really?  is  that  all  you  heard  lying  demsenator
Yea running an investigation on an admitted fraudulent document seems like a problem
Your comment is half of the story, based on a man's feelings on the matter. So I think #ShatteringFeeling is much more appropriate.
Coming from a guy that leaked documents for his own benefit
More to the benefit of America and the world in whole.
What are your thoughts on his loretta lynch comments?
Thank you for being there
AGREED!  Comey never leaked to the media that Trump was not being investigated. He hung that clip over him.
You need to explain to @JohnCornyn that even if a crook fails to commit a crime, his attempt to do it is still a crime.
And Comey leaked information to change the investigation
That's the best you could come up with? 
NEWS FLASH: Trump tweeted that s month ago!
You lied about serving in Vietnam- but what ? That's ok? You're garbage
the only person i heard that changed the direction of an investigation was loretta lynch . you twisted lying sorry excuse for a senator.
Wait. So comey said trump did nothing wrong & that lynch told him not to go after clinton and you spin that to fit your narrative. Sad! Vile
But also quoted the President as saying if there were people involved he wanted to know about it.  Guess that doesn't fit your narrative.
We should always take take terminated employees at their word
This isn't any employee...Open your eyes!
Your feelings were that you served in Vietnam and the public views were that you did not only facts can prove a point not feelings
Because now we have a better investigator who both Comey and Congress respect is ethical. You know what Comey is NOT the institution of FBI.
Is John McCain OK? That was troubling.
You have someone write that catch phrase for you?  "Shattering truth"?  Really? Doesn't sound like you.  But, oh well..
Trump must be impeached.
He said he guessed that is why based on what trump said.
A claim is not a "shattering truth", to be fair.
After what Comey admitted to, Former AG Lynch needs to go to jail.
he said he feels, but yesterday a Senator said feelings don't matter
WELL LET'S GET SOME TISSUE OUT, BECAUSE I'M OVERCOME WITH POOR COMEY GETTING FIRED. WHERE'S HIS NOTES WITH OBAMA ?
Well yeah, Trump already said that.
In other words potus wanted someone competent in charge of the investigation
no in otherwords potus wanted someone who would lick his ass in charge of the investigation
Almost as bad as l lynch calling Clinton investigation a "matter"
And yet a rather obvious conclusion to draw...
But quite important for it to be named as it is.
BS. Carry on
