Putting at risk American lives - President Trump should be supporting #ACA, not sabotaging it.
Let's be clear: the President is using his office to weaken a law that helps millions get & keep #healthcare coverage. That is disgraceful.
What was wrong with healthcare before #aca?? Nothing! If you were sick with no insurance you went to the hospital!!! They hell with the bill
You're the only disgrace I see!!! #RepealAndReplace
ACA was flawed from the get go! REPEAL!
No matter who/what affects it, this hot potato is yours...
Are you the guy that lied about his Military service record?
It was broken before January 20. Dems own it.
REFORM the system her is a good question on ACA from 2012, can you answer  it?
I couldn't afford insurance before Trump thanks to the ACA #RepealObamacare
Haha! You wish he owned it.
The ACA sabotaged my health care.
.@SenBlumenthal It was broken on Day One. Dems will always own Obamacare, and 140% rate increases.
Wow are you really so delusional you don't realize that Obamacare was a smoking burned out hulk before Trump was even elected?
@SenBlumenthal ...you voted it in, you owned it then...you own it now...and you and the Democrats will own it in the future.
It was designed to fail intentionally by the democrats.
#TheMostObamafulLieOfTheYear
Richard knows the ACA is a disaster & $$ grabbing machine. Stop being a ass hat & do what's best for American ppl not democrats in congress!
Who gives a rip. I am 64 and I dont care why should you ?   Oh thats right you fight every change even if it is a good one.
It's been doomed from the start. Socialism has never worked and won't work here.
You should be embarrased to support the ACA. I bet you don't personally know 1 person it's benefited but I know many it's hurt! #SwampThing
How do you sabotage something that is a piece of  that you lied about from day 1?
God forbid that Medicaid (National Healthcare) recipients must work! What kind of gravy train IS THIS?  And you Mr Fake Serviceman suck!

It's already broken with 5000+ deductibles. Many put off going to doctor because of this.
@my times He's going to take away your  health exemptions as a member of the small business that is Congress. Vietnam liar.
Oh right God forbid we ask an able-bodied individual to work if they are getting social services. That would just be tragic LOL.
https://twitter.com/twistedinga/status/889232718713806848 …

#Obamacare #ObamacareForCongress #RepealObamacare #FullRepeal #MakeDCListen #MAGA #ccot #tcot #pjnet #TeaParty #GOP
Thanks to Jonathan Gruber for revealing Obamacare deception, it hinges on "stupid voters"!  http://wapo.st/1sZ5xmp?tid=ss_tw-amp …
I live in CT.....WILL NEVER VOTE FOR YOU.....you are an embarrassment to this state.
Just so you know Dick, your view on ACÁ does not apply to America! You broke it but you sure as hell don't own it.  Grown ups will fix it!
When will Dems apologize to citizens for this disastrous healthcare plan.
It's NOT Trumps plan that's failing. . Hey Dems, u passed a horrible healthcare bill. . All the failure is YOURS.
Oh, please. Why must Republicans fix the flaming pile of crap that is the ACA?
Congress need to be on the same BlamoCare plan as citizens. No subsidies. Congress should feel the same financial pain as citizens.
All the destruction related to BlamoCare belongs to the Dems. They sold it with lies, they passed it.
No.  . Dems passed it, Dems own it. . Nice try.
To late already broken and so tired of your ilk financially raping our family to pay for others!
Fear mongering doesn't fix things.  ACA has to be bailed out and you want one payer like communism.  Sen. Blumenthal is a communist now.
ACA is sabotaging itself as a tax payer burden.  Another bailout for elites like Sen Blumenthal who are more connected with Europe than us.
Obamacare was rammed through by the Dems. You broke it - you own it. It only survived this long bcz Obama gutted much of it thru exec orders
Why would it "implode" and why does it need more money? You all told us it was great
It was broke the day you started it, designed to fail forcing everyone to public option (single payer)
Your hypocrisy is breathtaking. No, you own it no matter what happens. Only your lemming base believes the Dimms anymore. MAGA! 2018.
NOPE, the Dems OWNS it... Trump is trying to REPEAL it and REPLACE it. Once voted NO, it STILL belongs to the Dems!
Not a chance fucktards.  Democrats own the ACA debacle, root and branch, 110%.

Enjoy the disaster, and, we told you so!
Um, it's already broken and Trump had nothing to do with it. Dems own it. Period.
#HAHAHAHAHA its was designed to be BROKEN you #Fraud #LIAR #Coward #LyingLiberals
hey #Fraud.. its owned by you the #Democrats ..YOU LIED!!! #LyingLiberals #LiberalTerrorists #SethRich #DNC #MAGA
It's already broken & the Democrats own it !
Let's be clear.  I'm an American taxpayer and I know who owns this steaming TURD, and it's not the GOP.  More like me than you think.
No one is breaking it, Rich. Its falling apart just as you planned.
ACA was broken when it was enacted. Obama, his henchmen and you own it. You all deserve to be in prison.
already broken and beyond repair. and its all on you already.
You are a total fraud
Breaks it? The ACA that cost $2500 MORE a year instead of $2500 less? That one? You sir are a liar and you do it on purpose. Why?
Good morning Vietnam! You are a proven liar. #stolenvalor
ACA was broken before Trump took office. By Feb 2016 1/2 of exchanges were bankrupt. Is your bad memory side-effect of your Vietnam service?
The ACA is crap and you know it Rich. I cant wait till Trump strips ur subsides and u have to start paying what we have to for shitty ins.
Why is congress exempt from ACA if it's so good?
Don't blame Trump for it, find Obama & ask him why did he lie to people?
BS - Dems own it lock, stock, & barrel. You can't offload this abomination, the voters know & remember
People of Connecticut, haven't you had enough? Slip the Nutmeg Curtain.
It's already broken
Obamacare has been a lie and a disaster since day one
Maybe you should look in the mirror so you can see the smoke rising from your head.
And you and your staff shouldn't be exempt if it's such a great law
It's was broke as soon as it was signed you and your party own it.
This was broken from the beginning genius. If it weren't the subsidies you receive you would hate too. You are either a liar or a fool!
Hey, we are having a Viet Nam veterans get together this weekend. Oh wait, you lied about your service, so never mind.
Hello , it's already broken u r late to the party !
Sorry, it was broken from the outset.
You created it. Democrats owns it. No bullshit blaming others for your failures
You let it implode through inaction and resistance, you Dems will own it and will have to apply for unemployment in a few years.
@POTUS Trump isn't sabotaging anything, the disaster Obama Care that @TheDemocrats forced on Americans is collapsing on it's own!!
"LIAR"
What a load, did you need a truck to cart it in? Dims own ACA. You all lied. Repeatedly. Playing games won't change that
Still waiting for you & Dems to apologize for your Obamacare lies. Keep your Dr, your Plan, & Save $2500! Now you want a Bailout? #Repeal
Your party did it. You need to own it and take responsibility. Wait, democrats dont know the meaning of responsibility. #bothpartiessuck
How do you break something that's already broken?  Asking for a friend.
How very dense,the AHCA is broke already,soaring premiums and you&your deep pocket colleagues are to blame!That sir is the fact! @POTUS @GOP

How abt working to fix it for the people, other than just throwing more money at it like all Gov't useless programs?
You can't make stuff up. You own it and it stinks
OUTREACH?

Like there is a person in the country who has not heard of Obamacare?
You oppose able bodied individuals working to receive government benefits?

You support the forced purchase of goods/services?
Um, it was born broken.

Was it decisions made by trump that have led to it's current problems?

And we're fine with that. Just as long as it's dead
It's all your Dick!
So, since it is already broken, and it obviously is, then you own it?
You own it.. Now and always.
Omg I can't believe that u were actually voted into office!! #termlimits
Obamacare is owned by the democrats. Anything else is an improvement
It is already broken
U passed that wreck of a bill! R u threatening the President? No you asses own it! Don't blame someone else for ur stupidity!
Dems own it. We the people are not stupid. We know how ACA came into being. ACA is in decline and Dems are trying hard to pin it on GOP.
You are a Liar
It was broken on day 1. You ppl r too blind- are you not reading FACTS of its continuous failure all on its own? It's garbage;throw it out.
Do the  @DNC folks really think the American people will fall for that line at this point! 
The law does not require POTUS to bail insurance execs out! We pray Trump doesn't do it! Obamacare is junk law, forced to buy but can't use!
You can lie on Twitter but people across the country whose premiums have skyrocketed and insurance companies have left. You are disgraceful
Words of wisdom the great liar @SenBlumenthal who never served in Vietnam but said he did for votes.
You own it.  Dems created this mess.
#Deplorables WINNING
How can he break and already broken system?
It was broke before he took office.. you refuse to accept
U own it lock stock and barrel. It's crap
You HAVE NO SOLUTIONS but to keep giving handouts which is rediculous make people be responsible and work in TIRED of paying the way
What's wrong with making people WORK that can fucking work senator im tired of dead beats drawing food stamps and Medicaid when they canwork
Nice try shifting blame, Obamacare is already broken. Thanks to Democrats for passing a disaster law!!!!!
It's already broken sir. Only ppl it works for is those who don't want to work! Middle class done with paying more than they should.
What a joke.  Obamacare has been dying all on its own.  Nice try
It's not only broken, it never worked and "you" own it.
Oh no you don't you AO. YOU are responsible for this traitorous DISASTER & we're going to make sure YOU & every Dem owns it
Laughable you are. You guys own it all.
Hey, why don't you give up all the exemptions and subsidies Obama illegally awarded you & your staff members, then tell us how good ACA is?
ACA is broke you hate America you Natzi bully
LIE! ACA started FAILING around '14 when carriers started DROPPING out. To MANY MANDATES/NO PROFIT/NOW MONOPOLY/MESS! THANKS for NOTHING
The Democrats shoved this piece of crap down our throats! Unwanted! You eat it!
You TOTAL LOOSER
No you own it Pal. Your party inflicted that nightmare on us and you refuse to remove it.
Hey Rich, do/did you use the ACA? If NO, YOU CAN NOT COMMENT ON IT. If yes, what percentage of your take home was it? IT DOES NOT WORK.
The ACA is broke already @BarackObama was told its illegal to fund it yet he did it anyway If @POTUS cuts off the funding its over
YOU own this piece of trash! 
YOUR party passed this bill closed doors. 

YOU lied about serving in the military and YOUR LYING NOW.
The ACA is failing exactly as it was designed to fail. All insurers announced they were pulling out of my county early last year.
HE NEEDS TO PUT YOU AND THE REST OF YOU UP THERE ON IT. WAS IT NOT GOOD ENOUGH FOR YOU? YOU SHOULD HAVE SAME THING AS US. AND NO U OWN IT
Let's be clear:  YOU made it.  YOU own it.
You're ridiculous. It was broken from the beginning. The website didn't even work. #DoYourJob
You are a fool.. ACA is worst thing in American history

RESTORING AMERICA'S ECONOMY Is One Of Trump's Greatest Priorities. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs! #AmericanDream #AmericaFirst 

…
The law is failing as is.  Costing 150-200 million Americans more for more expensive coverage that they can't afford.  Why Trump won.....
You have a problem with imposing work requirements for able body, working age people?
You took away my Dr and tripled by premiums. Your law ruined healthcare. Why? To Transform us into a socialist state. You're evil.
With the US Courts ruling, Obama and Trump are violating the Constitution by continuing to fund the Insurance Subsidies.
It's not the governments place to supply insurance coverage to Americans. Obama passed it w NO rep on board. REPEAL! There's medicaid
It would solve EVERYTHING-keep your doc-keep your insurance-and IF you want gov care, ok!
You're the DEVIL  such a LIAR
It's already dead. Despite being funded year after year and Insurance Companies Subsidized the premiums and deductibles are unsustainable.
The D's wrote a bad law, put responsibilities that have no business being in the hands of the government. He doesn't have to own a thing.
Break It, Break It.  It has broke all of us out here.  Obamacare only works if you don't.  The rest of us are suffering.
Very well stated! Thank you!
Only a Dem could get away with lying about his military service. You guys made it to fail anyway you tool. You want single payer at any cost
are you the one who has STOLEN VALOR? if so, SHUT UP!
@POTUS hasn't done anything to it, yet. It's failures are all wholly owned by YOUR team.
YOU played with fire & BURNED AMERICANS when YOU passed this RIDICULOUS MONSTROSITY!
Maybe a healthcare plan that relied on having an obama acolyte in office eternally was a bad idea idk
Its broken! U wouldn't know u hv a premium plan paid by taxpayers we get Walmart aisle 7.
Not really, Dick. It was in big trouble before November. As you damn well know.
YOU OWN IT! YOU VOTED FOR IT! When if fails - IT and the DEBT which it incurred is on your hands! Typical corrupt D.C. Swamp leach.
Pssst it is broke already
It didn't need to be sabotaged. Insurers have been pulling out for years now and premiums have gone up since it was rolled out.
It's already broken you hack.
No no pal YOU & YOUR ILK RAMMED IT DOWN THE COUNTRY'S THROAT YOU OWN IT 100%.How dare you try to pass this dem created disaster on @POTUS
I know you think that you broke America so now you own it, but no, it doesn't work that way.
Arent you the ONE who lied about being in VIETNAM ?
It was designed to fail you passed it it's all yours
News Flash Richie! ITS BEEN BROKEN! If it's so great I want your a$$ on senate floor begging @potus to take congress off bogus sm business
Dude the ACA was a huge Bowel Movement to begin with . @NancyPelosi got the Bill passed into law like a Bowel Movement at Midnight.
If people DIE why haven't you lifted a finger? DIE or LIE? 3 of my 4 kids are one of these! Can't use-why can you?
ACA designed to fail and you know it.  Democrats own it.  Disgraceful.
ACA is not good for me. Way too expensive and unuseful
