Will you inquire abt Dem/Obama/Clinton/Lynch conspiracy with Russia & Ukraine? Don't forget Obama sent msg to Putin to wait for his 2nd term
What is Blumenthal thinking, trying 2 give our tax money 2 Ukrainians?  In case he didn't know, Ukraine is full of Russians.  We don't owe
Yes hopefully you will no longer be in office when they conclude and you can pontificate from the sidelines
You really should sanction your own Democratic Liberal Party. You're yelling fire when it is your party who threw the match. You'll find out
The House has stalled sanctions..bc of oil drilling....
Vote these obstructionist out in 2018. They put party before country.  Russian myth could destroy any relations w/Russia & they don't care!
The question is, will anything be done.  It just doesn't seem so.
So far the media has covered it up JoAnna. But hopefully now something will be done. We can pray right?
Blumenthal's family owns the Empire State Bldg, his family wealth kept him from war zones.  He ran in 2010 on his Viet Nam warn service?
Deflecting!
Do we want to help Ukraine to cover up DNC and Ukraine alleged collusion?
Difficult to enact when the POTUS condoned the meddling.
I know can you believe @BarackObama went for this? This was "really" in our best interests?
Shall I fetch a tin foil hat for you?
I think one made from lead suit would work better given that uranium is involved. Don't you?
too bad for Losers #Democrats - there is no there there
Why is Blumenthal trying to give our tax dollars to wounded Ukrainian soldiers instead of wounded American soldiers?  Not with my tax money!
These Globalists under Obama, tried 2 dismantle our military, open borders & invite mass immigration. Destroy our history kill nat'l pride.
So many Russian connections, but they all belong to Dems.  John Podesta is on the board of small energy co.  Russians invested 35M?
Blumenthal lied about his military service 2 get in office. Does anybody believe he would not lie again 2 save his future & party? Vote out
This is a swamp dweller & globalist.  He uses Russian myth 2 stir trouble between Russia & U.S.  Country should fail so his party wins?
6 useless Russian investigations & no proof.  We can't sanction Russia because U hate Pres Trump.  It is dangerous 2 make war over jealousy.
Please look into this right away and please add sanctions against all parties for meddling. Please!
Can you get 45 to do this!?  I mean he is owned by Putin.  I'm just keeping it real.  Thank you for all that you do, Senator Blumenthal!
I think you'll have more success with @billclinton. You could ask him for help from his BFFs in Moscow.
And in the meantime a group of traitors is allowed to tear this country down and suppress voting rights. Nice.
I know aren't these people here terrible for what they did to the US?
Seven months and counting still no proof just talk. Keep hoping.
Dream on! @POTUS will never allow it.
How can he just give away Syria? To guess who? The Russians!
Blumenthal is seeking 500M tax dollars to give to wounded Ukrainian solders?    Ukraine is another name for Russian, Y is it okay 4 him?
WE ARE A NATION, NOT RUSSIANS.
This hatred 4 Pres Trump is not Dems vs Rep, it's nationalism vs globalism. Will sell out our country 2 one world government, no sovereignty
SS Hillary, sold 20% of our uranium to Russia.  Followed by a 145M donation to Clinton Foundation & 500K to Bill 4 Russian speaking fee?
Blumenthal is trying to pass a bill to pay 500M American tax $ to Ukrainian military vets?  This is closer to Russia than Don Jr will ever B
Obama had info about Russia 8 months before election, took no action.  If Hillary had won, no need 4 phony Russian myth, r sanctions. Lies!
You proposed $500 million for injured Ukrainian soldiers?  Makes sense after you lied about your own service
Not only did us lie about ur service but u want 500 mil for wounded Ukrainian soldiers? What about r vets? Typical dem.

Unreal#RespectUSVETS
DNC might want to donate a little for Seth rich investigation He was a employee Right Blumenthal might have pulled the trigger RespectUSVETS
500 million for Ukraine? How many millions waisted on Trump collusion? DNC should donate the 500 million. And pay for Trump investigation.
cause no one has found squat! Taxpayers spending upward of 100 million! N dems say they care about us working folks! Bull!
hey fake marine, hope the more time it takes, shirt comes out on truth! Your furher bama set up from start!
Russian propaganda: @AinsleyEarhardt calls proposal to help wounded Ukrainians a "slap in the face to our military."
Slap in the Face? Dem Senator Wants $500M for Wounded Ukrainian Soldiers http://bit.ly/2vjkTeg 
Liar
It is so much more than meddling...what a trivial word.
Is Ukraine gonna leak info is that why you want to give them $500 million? You make $175,000 a year, & our military comes first not others.
The Democratic Party must start now to find the right person to run for President. No more putting non citizens before US citizens needs.
@CoryBooker @SpeakerRyan @mike_pence  Kushner's security clearance must be suspended while this is investigated!
out thehomelessVETSall over SanDiego beaches,highways and they are discarded astrash.They r alloverthe country&look what youdid to CT?
Senator  Blumenthal has priorities messed up he wants 500 mil. For Ukraine soldiers wounded how about  our US servicemen and women wounded
Until you investigate the criminal democrats you are just spinning your wheels
Stop obstructing the investigation
Somebody should sanction you for being a liar.
Must make it very costly for Russia. Only interest putin has is money.
power. Putin wants power.
This POS believes the taxpayers money is his to throw around to other countries. Wake up call. Enjoy what's left of your time in senate.
What about your deal with Ukraine that helped interfere with our election! That's exactly why you're pushing 500million 4 Ukraine isn't it!
Your party is disturbing
You are a un-American hack! Keep up the good work, Working Americans see right through your party. Enjoy the many loses to come
ENOUGH ALREADY W/RUSSIAN THIS & RUSSIAN THAT! In meantime, you all in DC are doing nothing else. Wish I could operate like that in my job!
What about Vietnam collusion. Should we investigate?
GOP is starving out Election Assistance Commission? Add that to his phoney fraud commission spells voter suppression
You're not even looking into Russian collusion until Obama and Hillary are investigated. The REAL collusion!
#DumpTrump and Dump the nepotism. ..
@POTUS is trying to water them down & @SpeakerRyan is not bringing the bipartisan Senate bill to flr for vote WHY?
For those who do the research, the evidence simply does not support this. It looks like cover for actual Ukraine collusion. Comments, Sen.?
Takes time and you will be out of office by then
How about using your few remaining brain cells on issues that actually matter and have an effect on everybody. Stop wasting our time!
Meanwhile, every attorney in the country should be insisting Jeff Sessions  be disbarred.
We need to kick lying politicians like you out of office #StolenValor
$500 million of US taxpayers money  for FOREIGN soldiers. Time for you to be investigated and voted out. Back to CT which you helped bnkrpt
So are there any lawyers in DC, or nah?
@god
Thank you Senator. This is far beyond "meddling" don't you think?
Sore loser
