How far into the private life of Donald J Trump businessman is this faux investing going to investigate?  4th Amendment?
trump is a draft dodging coward that will destroy everything that our constitution stands for especially the first amendment
Oh, okay! When do you appoint the spec counsel for the dnc primary rigging? Benghazi gun running? Fast and furious....
You know nothing about integrity - LIAR!
Integrity?  Since when do any of you on this witch hunt have integrity?
So what do you expect to find in criminal wrong doing? Never in history has this been done, would you have done this to Clinton?
It's all about you. because you refuse to put #hillaryInPrison
Oh but it is about you, when you support enemies to the Constitution and those who have harmed the USA, hmm, wait, that would be you Sir,
@SenBlumenthal  It sure seems like u want it to be about u because u start talking every time it's not about u
Integrity huh?? You shouldn't be talking at all.
No, sir. the issue is directly @ how you deceptively misrepresented your  military service.
.@SenBlumenthal Meanwhile, DNC "hack" was an inside job, not the Russians. Why do we even have an SC?  http://lawnewz.com/high-profile/bombshell-nsa-experts-say-dnc-hack-was-actually-a-leak-and-inside-job/amp/ …
Integrity?  For the left, maybe!  Many on the special counsel are ones that donated to HRC and Obama.  How is that fair?
You have no integrity Richard Blumenthal is a 'phony Vietnam con artist
You are nothing but a liar and a phony
Of course it is about http://you.Love  too see your tax returns...wealthy white guilt not helping.#Gov.Malloy
Blumenthal NEITHER of you have a scintilla of integrity
Robert Mueller HAS NO INTEGRITY.  The rules for the special prosecutor specifically PROHIBIT his close association with James Comey. Corrupt
Above the Law! Of you mean like running assault weapons to Mexican Drug Cartels! Never questioned. Hmm crooked as the hind leg of a jackal.
So you say... On every TV news show you can find!
Absolutely how much more do we have to endure with this dangerous government?
DEM's have a serious conflict on their Judiciary Commitee. Deputy GC Herwig worked for AG Lynch, now investigates her?#Recusal
at less Trump's not a fake , but you are
Can't wait for a Special Counsel the Repubs asking for to check into the Clintons, Lynch and all Dumocrats crooks.Great show.
If you had half a brain you'd know the SC should have recused himself (Rosenstein also) for being great pals/mentor to Comey
what would you know about integrity.
Integrity? And where did you learn about integrity- Vietnam?
It's about Democrat treason against our President!!! God's curse is on George Soros and his puppets in Washington!!!
The special counsel is a walking conflict of interest. Mueller is investigating Trump after being passed up for FBI Director. Were not blind
So why didn't you ask for special counsel on Hillary? Why aren't you asking for investigation into Obama's DOJ and FBI?
#Russia fake news.  Per FBI Seth Rich uploaded Wikileaks emails to Dropbox.  He was DNC leaker.  Guccifer2 DNC acct.  No case/no Russia.
You have 2b kidding. It is insulting to EVERY American 2b lectured by A LIAR on integrity. You made the CHOICE to surrender yours. Shut it.
You know less about integrity than a pig knows about Sunday.
The issue is very much about you. The Liberals you have covered, concealed and obfuscated numerous times to keep them from being charged.
What would you know about integrity ?
our president isn't bullying anybody, mayors in renegade cities breaking laws and putting our lives at risk. They bully us
no one is above the law? How bout Hiliary Clinton, Loretta Lynch, Bill Clinton, James Comey? Why they treated as such?
BTW, Potus is not a bully. Bullies back down when confronted. Potus is a street fighter. You hit back, he bites. Welcome to Queens.
Let me know when you find it.
Hey Jane Fonda's twin. STHU about integrity. You know ZERO about it.
If Mueller had any integrity, he would do as AG Sessions did and recuse himself for conflict of interest
FOOLISH PERSON
let's talk about your lies during Vietnam
I stand with you, @SenBlumenthal .
It's definitely about you. You are supporting criminals who skipped the line and got in front of all the  decent, law abiding immigrants.
A democrat speaking of integrity = priceless.

I know you're talking about the Clintons!
You are a good man...
Good thing you have spell check because there is no way you know how to spell integrity.
This is a RIGGED special Council & we all know it.. Mueller is a conflict!
CONGRESS - evoke Article 25 and fire this dangerous fool
Thank you for your service in Vietnam!
I live in CT, and I'm proud to have you as my Senator, sir. We remember what a great AG you were. #ResistTrump
it's more about u and the Democrats!your place at the trough!The more u whine the less credibility!US mess in others elections all the time!
You made the issue about you. I wouldn't trust you if your tongue came notarized
goose/gander-IF A DEM ever wins the w.h.-we the people WILL DEMAND AN INVESTIGATION-we will respond the same way dems have after Pres.Trumps
You have no integrity.
At one time i believed in u,but yrs and yrs of watching u and asskissingpuke murphy destroy businesses and the residents of CT u make me sic
Special Counsel is not listed as a branch of Govt in the Constitution 
Works in the Executive Branch
Works for Trump/Boss
You're fired!
Well, it seems your lack of credibility is clouding the issue!
Trump is worried.  Keep after him. Your on to something.  His taunts just make him look pathetic. Trump is a disgrace & the world knows it.
Dominick the donkey please stop dumping manure on deplorables. God has exposed you as fake news, fake justice, and fake republican.
Of course, Dont buy into the Liar and Bully in Chief who is TERRIFIED of Mueller.
You damn right it not about you. Your time has come, your time has gone. You choose the date. Be careful not to bring it on earlier boet.
YOU ARE THE DISRESPECTFUL BULLY! PRESIDENT TRUMP IS TRUTHFUL AND CORRECT!
Correct. It's ALWAYS about @realDonaldTrump protecting his ego.
Nobody above the Law in the United States, criminal will be sort out and prosecuted.
No, apparently it's about an ideological agenda that justifies anything.
None of you have ANY integrity.  You're a bunch of lying sacks of excrement who are trying to overthrow our POTUS.
It is about YOU and all the other lying corrupt Swamp Dwellers in Washington. Your cushy crooked career is coming to an end next election.
The problem is credibility, of which you have none.
Integrity, you formed a special investigation to find a crime... then you formed a grand jury to get subpoenas.  You're the 1 w NO integrity
Who is "Who?" Don't make sense
What integrity ?
You mean lack of integrity
Integrity... interesting ...that's a joke coming from you ...
INTEGRITY! WHO ARE YOU TO TALK ABOUT INTEGRITY!
you pushed for it, and you knew he had nothing to do w/collusion..you were already told that..hypocrite.
Integrity??  You don't have any!
It's about YOU and defamation of our men and women in our service you coward. Don't blame President Trump for calling you out clown.
You are dishonored for lying http://www.nytimes.com/2010/05/18/nyregion/18blumenthal.html?ref=nyregion&pagewanted=all …
Thank you for doing what is necessary to protect our citizens and our Democracy from interference in an ongoing & necessary investigation.
Your doing a great job. I am happy to have you as our Senator. You are shaking Trump up and he knows it. Stand tall. Can do! Go CT.
And tell us what you know about integrity!  #MAGA
Muller has no integrity, too many conflicts of interest regarding his long term friendship w/ Comey, and his own scandals
U lied.
Yes we do not trust your integrity to do your job correctly. You are a liar. What would stop you from lying now??
#Treason# UraniumOne Richard where's your support for Special Counsel for Hillary signing off on giving 20% of USA  Uranium to Putin
Today is purple heart day did you have one of them too?
It's about you!! You lied! You have NO CREDIBILITY!
Liar.  Your reign as AG in CT left the state judicially corrupt.  As a socialist, why are you taking $$ from HFunds, Law firms and big biz.
"Bone Spurs" Trump has NO ROOM TO TALK!
"Integrity"? When HALF of his staff are known Hillary supporters and grand jury is located in area where OVER 98% voted for Clinton?
Have you ever made a mistake on your life or had a false memory? Your the liar if you said "No." Your President has told more Whoppers
you have no shame showing your face in public. I question the intelligence of the CT voters that put you in office. Lying
No, when a Senator misrepresented him/her to the country it's about them Right Pocahontas @SenWarren ??
This is how Dems Lose by looking #weak, punch back, U served in the Military #TraitorTrump didn't
The issue IS about you. If you lack the integrity to admit you didn't serve, can we, the people you serve, have faith in anything you say?
Keep being strong! Show the President that there are people who will not be bullied. You speak for many of us.
INTEGRITY?!?!?! JUST STOP TALKING!! YOU'RE A CUCK!!!
Of which he is badly compromised.
.
Why are you continuing to waste federal funds?  I know its hard to believe dems lost after all the underhanded behavior. You nominated her.
no,it is about you. you liar. how do you talk about integrity after lying about ur fake service when men as i served. liar.
You are a true #patriot. It's about defending this nation's founding principles which are under attack by a mentally impaired #FakePresident
You of all people have no right to speak on integrity since you have none #Stolenvalor
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2012/09/13/house-passes-legislation-making-lying-about-military-service-crime.html …

No, your integrity is in question 
@POTUS 
#StolenValor
Exactly... logic and reason!
Millions of real heroes have been injured or were killed defending our country.  You are a usurper-in-chief.  A lying coward.
mr. senator you are trying to make lemonate ..
fake you and your media
Hillary is one of the most scandalous people in American history and you guys nominated her for president what were you thinking
says the man who stole valor.
People are wound up about the Special Counsel's powers. Probably because, an investigation started with investments and ended with a dress.
Do you know anyone that voted for trump because russia influenced their vote?  Me either.  I like trump but most voted to keep hillary out
A crook like you has no moral right to oppinions.
#Stolenvalor
Oh really? Integrity? A grand jury in DC which VOTED %98 DEM. MULLER HIRES OBAMA& HRC DONERS INCLUDING HRCS LAWYER.WE R NOT BLIND&STUPID
No, Richard this is about you and your lies about Vietnam, tell us the truth. It's an insult to our men and women who severed.
you look very foolish to all of us who know your many stories
Shame on you for not supporting our President of the USA. No integrity Look at yourself; claiming The Vietnam Story; "phony."

Bull shit. It's all about you and desperate attempts for reelection.
Richie.. if u live in glass houses... u should have not been the person pulling Trumpe card. McCain yes... u not so much. U lied about honor
