Fellow Americans are facing dire need and danger. Response so far shamefully inadequate.
I'll be visiting FEMA Headquarters in DC tomorrow with colleagues to demand more and better disaster relief.
Long road to recovery ahead must unite us. President Trump is dividing Americans by demeaning and denigrating Puerto Rico.
Sandy Hook trolls target me every single day they don’t know I’m on Twitter yet.
People say their trolled lie.
This is what it looks like
Then maybe you should roll up your sleeves and go help
Puerto Rico please tell everyone why U should b treated like an actual contrubiting member of US ? #NoPRbailOut TX & FLA come 1st #GetInLine
For one Puerto Rico. Is from USA! That's why!
Puerto Rico is part of America,otherwise ,give them their independence!
Yet another lie for political gain from the serial liar who even lied about serving in Vietnam (for political gain). #StolenValor
Please specify the double standard. How he donated to Houston from his own pocket while nobody else did ?
What are you doing?
Not when you are on strike
Please stop misrepresenting the facts. 78 mayors and governor in PR but you repeat lies of 1 mayor who halts distribution of aid.
Sen. Blumenthal, fight for justice & equality in disaster relief for Puerto Rico. 
This must thrill u to no end. Ask the mayor where she got her t-shirt!

I guess he does not feel the same fire and fury as he does for the NFL. I have not heard from my folks for 12 days now.
Can't believe a word u utter
Lies, tell us again how you served in Vietnam Dickie Boy
Sir, you are one of the few people that can end this nonsense. Stop tweeting your outrage and seek consensus for impeachment. Do more, sir.
local government in PR is inept and corrupt.  they are the problem that is messing everything up
Which is basically why we can't afford to have a bigot and racist in the White House! 
Really?  Politicians like you are the problem ...why don’t you grab a chainsaw and go clear some of the roads in PR you blow hard
Something needs to be done about trump you all need to stop him asap before he kills millions
Because helping people in the mainland and helping people on a devastated island many miles away are so logistically similar, right?
Not a double standard. It's an island 1500 miles away. Totally different logistics. Why, why do you politicize at every step. Please RESIGN!
dick go help then, you got plenty of practice in Vietnam
dickie, have you given money from your taxpayer funded salary? stolen valor
And what about the VIs?!?
They deserve statehood. Talk about double standard.
Come on Dick the aid has been outstanding given the circumstances. Get off your
high horse. 10k containers in PR.  60% of gas stations open
Why don't you focus on the disaster in your back yard
PR couldn't unload cargo b/c 97yr law &bill sealed containers on ships. Choa,head of infrastructure, refused to unseal law
DT ordered death,take that in.Mayor in PR begged for aid, &DT accused her of doing nothing or not enough & lacked leadership
Never crossed DT's mind that Hurricane Harvey &Maria left the Island ravaged in destruction.DT sent a memo out to congress
banning them from going to PR to help. That would shame him.Both the memo &sealed Jones Act prevented aid, but together
were death orders. DT believed PR was not his responsibility b/c it wasn't part of US. Q him: When did he realize PR
was a US territory? When did he realize PR citizens were US citizens? If ordering death was not enough to hurt he made sure
that PR citizens fleeing onhad to sign promissory notes &give up their Passports when they're US citizens headed to
mainland! The real reason for not doing anything may be tied to a 33MM debt when he defaulted on a golf course in PR
Yes, thank you!  SO nice to know that SOMEONE is doing something!  It's just looking more & more like Trump truly IS racist.
You need an attitude adjustment.
Get your a$$ down there and clear some roads Blumenthal.  Bitching about does nothing to help them.
Glad someone hasnt forgotten them  thank yoy senator blumenthal AND it is VERY UNACCEPTABLE they too are HUMANS
they do not pay federal income taxes:  they were on the verge of financial ruin before hurricanes:  we have 700b dollar deficits
they do not pay federal income taxes:  they were on the verge of financial ruin before hurricanes:  we have 700b dollar deficits
Got an idea! Get a row boat fill it with commodities and start rowing! See how long it takes to get there!
Bloomie pull your head out from where the sun  don't shine ,the only one having a problem seem to be  the  liberal progressive mayor  why???
The GOP does not mind causing harm to others.
Only a terribly evil person preys on the weak and helpless. What help they are given was begrudgingly given with taunts and insults.
your American liberal progressive socialist experiment in PR failed, so now all dems Must lie to cover it up! Old playbook!
Another race baiting left wing divider. FEMA is doing the job & stop with the progressive bullshit. The San Juan mayor was a liar nutjob
America opposed to the referendum in Kurdistan lost the largest ally by the people of Kurdistan
You lie
Blumenthal=partisan=unable to accept lawful election results=ideology over good of country=glorified state AG not senatorial material
Troublemaker for no good reason!
When massive roads are not FIXED and takes time too clear the whole island I would say they are doing a great job. Sick you would say this
DT didn't know PR was part of the US. He used the Jones Act to keep ships w/ supplies leaving ports & ships that were in 1/3
According to who? You? Fake news? Mayor of San Juan? Must be you don't understand it's an island? Look at a map! Maybe pictures will help!
Couldn't agree more
When is it time for A VOTE OF NO CONFIDENCE?
And so does our soldiers who died and served in Vietnam you lied to us all about your service their shame on you

Senator, when will Congress pass PR/USVI aid? when will Congress repeal the Jones Act? can at least Congress do its job if Trump won't?
Trump's lies make it even worse!
Where are you on statehood? Full democratic representation?
You are not telling the truth.  It is reprehensible that you do this
Double standard? More like outright racism.
#Puerto Rico is getting plenty of aid. As usual Blumenthal,you’re just running ur mouth  to demonize our #Prez’. I hate #liars
I miss the Obamas. They were so amazing and good at governing the majority of citizens. I am so lost. This is not the country I knew..
As do those in the Virgin Islands who are being totally ignored
Should be Congress' first order of business
Don't know a con artist when you see one? Doesn't make you too bright.
THOUSANDS Of Containers ROTTING At San Juan Port After STRIKING Union Drivers Allegedly REFUSE To... http://ow.ly/HZ0W100Oh9G  @3lectric5heep
As a Senator please do nothing but tweet from the comfort of your Connecticut mansion. Really ?
Go watch football 
They can’t vote, which is the f-ing simple reason why #Trump does not care.
They have been getting help they just don’t pass it out don’t you know what’s going on????
Tell it to their elected leaders that are trying to play politics.
Non sense
What do #Harvey #Irma2017  survivors think? Do they think this is right?
No this is horrible Puerto Rican's will be welcomed here in Florida.  They need food,water and medicine and no excuses about logistics!
Stealing @HillaryClinton islands are under management of government services systems in budgets! Haiti  is France  Hispaniola reading
Dialect is in the naming of rights nothing says Ireland  @PresidentIRL his bread  is Italian i eat French loaf©®™
republic of Dominican ... at DNA find frauds in budgets @NBL adding women that play baseball  without steroids! Just periods at tampon ©™®
Focus pain hit ball out of park! Run  same is technical skill! Fast vs slow! Is at weight! Understand physics. ©™® Momentum
Real girls not frauds. ™®©
Knock it off. Vote Blumenthal out

No double standard.
We need to (Congress needs to) take actions to remove him from office! He is unfit to lead this Country. He continues to fight w/ N korea

Help to make this happen, Senator. The lives of American citizens are counting on you.
What was your plan for PR?
Dick with a plan?  You mean other than to fine his next photo op?  Never happens
Talk talk talk...that is all yo do...no action
4Q bumenthall
It's why he doesn't want members of Congress on the ground in #PuertoRico to view conditions. He cannot call them fake news. #TrumpsKatrina
Completely agreed with this! No question asked!
How about all that Russia stuff?
Read this morn mayor is holding back deliveries . Political games. Despicable.
Double standard for vets is acceptable? Vietnam vets w physical wounds vs POST9/11 w PTSD? You voted against Vietnam vets for Caregiver care
But hey narrative
YOU ARE A BOLD FACED LIAR! OBAMMER IS THE RACIST AND POS WHO ATTEMPTED TO DO THAT. TRUMP IS A TRUE AMERICAN PRESIDENT! GOD BLESS THE US OF A
Talk to the democrat loving teamsters truck Union who’s blocking supplies getting to citizens .
We sure do...
You lie like a cheep rug.
Tom Price. Another example of how Trump has brought the swamp to Washington.
Tom Price. Another example
I believe this about as much as I believe in ur war record
HAVE YOU BEEN THERE TO HELP?????
Dick only goes where the cameras are
We ARE ALL ONE  and can someone please in GOP START HOLDING THAT MAN ACCOUNTABLE #ENOUGHBSTRUMP
If the press steps up the GOP will follow. But the press is terrified to ask substantial questions.
Three storms handled extremely well.   Democrats struggle to create a controversy.   We know already it won't stick.  #MAGA
Extremely well when an entire intensive care unit died because generators died because of lack of diesel fuel!
I'll do some research.  You blame @fema?
Then get off your ass and go help, more Democratic lies, relief in Puerto Rico is going very well, when you nowhere to land planes or......
Are you on the ground or on a big boat in the big ocean? I don't think so? #GodblessPR
LIAR!! DEN HACK!!!
While we're on propaganda, don't you realize Congress could instantly muzzle all of, by reversing 2013 repeal? http://www.rt.com/document/100000000000001000130121/amp/130121-smith-mundt-domestic-propaganda-121 …
Puerto Rico doesn't have electoral votes. Texas and Florida have many. This explains @realDonaldTrump response to this disaster
Yep but what Trump doesn't realize is once the Puerto Rican's come here to Florida they can vote and many will vote Democrat.
BULLSHIT
The only double standard is the party line bile you and your Hippocratic BS you spew on a daily basis. Shame on you, election day is coming
Absolutely Sir, let's GET TO TO THEM!!  
Where is the hell is the president? Enjoy your weekend of golf while people are starving, no water ! You’ll find out when you’re in prison!

77 out of 78 mayors are praising POTUS, FEMA, and America for their prompt help. Try to keep up and drop the politics. No one is buying.
No really they aren’t
MASSIVE #Maria damage predicted IN ADVANCE, but #DotardDon DELAYED help for DAYS to Americansin #PuertoRico
Double standard for disaster relief is unacceptable. Our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico deserve more and better aid.

 Call senators and reps and tell them we want them to help Puerto Rico. 202-224-3121
Jones waiver for much longer than 10 days too.
Calling tomorrow morning.
Thank you! 
GRASIAS.
Question-when is your next primary?
Senator, enough

While Congress keeps dithering, trump keeps ramping up more active measures, propaganda:
Hmm. PR inhabitants deserve to receive the help & supplies provided to them. Local government officials &  union truckers blocking delivery
POTUS's compassion failure toward #PuertoRicoCrisis & #USVIRecovery is just who he is. GOP silence is deafening. 󾓦
What was your plan prior to the hurricane hitting PR?
Stop lying. They have received ample aid, and more is on its way.
How? You're a political leader, give specifics. Enough with the blanket statements intended to virtue signal and win political points.
Please use the 25th amendment.
#DemocratsLie
