Give your tin foil hat a rest. Focus on healthcare taxes debt military readiness. Try doing your job!
I want to watch him squirm and lie under oath, more evidence against him.
His word means nothing #Trump
Rumor has it he lies. Oath no oath. Doesn't really matter. Some folks are not capable of the truth. I'm afraid he is one of them.
don't forget STOLEN VALOR LIES. I would welcome Blumenthals testimony
 Fair's fair.
Thank you for standing up for the 99% Get Potus on the stand!
How about Lynch's? Seems she was an obstructionist. Let's get it all out there. Scared?
She never said to stop investigating she said to call it a matter there is a difference there she never said do not investigate
But do you really trust he'd be honest?  I mean, you have to respect the oath to care about being honest under oath.
He will lie under oath with a straight face! The man is a moron and a liar with no morals.
this idoit thinks if u get fired , u be happy ! not mad and want to get even . did u notice comey face , cry baby
His lawyer would never allow this - another lie that he would testify. 
Love the way you want to get to the truth! Remember when you wanted to do this with Obama and Clinton? Neither do I #doublestandard
It is time for you to focus on fixing healthcare and enacting a budget.
@lonepatrick @snickerfritz04 trump would crack & have a code orange moment
All the higher ups at the FBI & Mueller all know DonTheCon is lying. It's just making the ones investigating him even angrier. BAD 4 TRUMP!
Maxine Waters is giving Trump a beat down on his lies and offer to go under oath. Sessions is a disaster with three Russian encounters?
You might wanna use a better person than Waters
You'll need to have a lie detector, too.
Why? Comey was fired because he was not doing his job and is a leaker!
America would welcome - in public, under oath, and subject to questions the time you spent in Vietnam.
Thank you for coming to Black Rock day Senator!!! You were the highlight of the parade.. keep up the good work!!!
Unless he is on a polygraph nobody will believe a thing he says
You would know the truth because you are a partisan hypocrite! Further it's unacceptable that you are wasting my taxpayer money
Is that like your vietnam service testimony
Your constituents would welcome your efforts to actually govern and stop playing partisan politics!
I'm sure an oath won't get in the way of his lies but at least you can get him for lying under oath!
Can we hook him up to a lie detector?
He would just lie.
Worry about Ct and stop the witch hunt it's getting embarrassing now. Fight for Ct not against the President please
I voted for you forever, never vote for you ever again
You have no credibility and your judgement is questionable. The Russian Ruse and Fake Narrative is over. Comey's testimony said it all
Lawyer @MarcKasowitz filing complaint w #DOJ like @billmaher suit to appease #Trump. @TherealJoepesci was a better lawyer in "MyCousinVinny"
As would the American public. If this man has been honorable, then he owes it to his supporters to come forward. If he's not, he owes us all
I would welcome your Resignation- better sooner than later. We don't need Obstructionist in the Senate.
Begin by asking him who won the popular vote in the last election and take it from there.
After you Richey
Trump is dangerous because he creates his own reality. He is delusional, he believes his lies are truth. He is a danger to us all.
Easy way of determining veracity is to compel testimony of Coats and Rogers on conversations they had with Trump.

Kinda lie like I was in Vietnam
Yes waste more tax payer $ asshat
you will never see it unless he is subpoenaed. He is a bag of wind
We all know he is doing what he does best, lie.
I welcome Trump's testimony also...Coming from you though, it seems disingenuous...#RealVietnamVets
COATS & ROGERS  WERE CONTACTED BY TRUMP!!! PROVES COMEY TELLING TRUTH!!!
He can testify that in fact he does lie bigly!
Dick,  there you go again. How about bringing jobs back to ct.  what did you do for the state today?  No response I am sure
I would like to heat your testimony under oath about your experience in Vietnam.
GET TO WORK!!!
It'll never happen.  He's incompetent.
As would I but just because I want to see the perjury charges added to his list.
Under oath means nothing to a habitual or maybe pathological liar!!
45 is s pathological liar. He can't tell what truth is. #Trumprussia #DontheCon
He already said he'd do it. Schedule it before he forgets!
he can lie through his teeth senator. don't much care on his testimony. it will be worthless
@realDonaldTrump if he's 100%willing to go under oath w Mueller, he should give testimony under oath in front of Congress open session.
We will all be watching!
@POTUS he would just lie
You people are seriously HILARIOUS.   Thank you!!
Sure, bring on another lie-fest from tRump! Might be fun to watch him flounder when confronted.
What's Trump's explanation for why he invited Comey alone to dinner, then several calls, 9 contacts initiated by Trump? Was he COURTING him?
Being under oath, won't stop him from lying. He thinks he is untouchable, because he is the president.
Let's prove him wrong
How does someone leak that which does not exist? Shouldn't Trump be calling it lying not leaking? He said he never said it. "Didn't happen"
It's called leaking a lie, duh
how about loretta lynch, eric holder and susan rice, richie vietnam war hero
#hysteria #witchhunt #where'sthe evidence #8moreyears
Hes going tofreaking lie!!!!
me too!!  Please go get us some truth.
But he won't tell the truth- it's like he can't even distinguish between fact and fiction.
Don't care how skilled an attorney or prosecutor he will give you a migraine within 15 minutes from the start of questioning
Will interpreters be there for the gibberish that comes out of his mouth #impeachtrump
Ask him to testify under oath! Remember it is a "100% yes!"
Pretty sure he'd lie. But I'd like to see him face some real questions and not softball ones just to flatter him

But he would just perjure himself as he so obviously doesn't care about the rule  if law, so what would be the point?
I could never trust trump. How many times has he lied under oath in his past life?
how would one know whether donald is telling the truth? How many opposite statements has he made since inauguration?
He lies so often, no matter what he says under oath it will contradict previous statements...
So will we!!!
Not that it will ever happen but All Americans deserve to watch as it happens.its only fair.
This way there is no "Fake News" nonsense
Bring your rubber boots to wade thru the bullshit
He's gonna lie anyway.
I would like to hear it, but a NO President should ever appear to give testimony at a congressional committee. It's Constitutionally absurd.
Why bother. He's a liar. Been lying under his presidential oath of office since Jan 20th 12:01pm
American citizens would like to question you about $20T debt, bankrupt Social Security ponzi scheme, collapsing health care, open borders...
Yes sir! Calling his bluff is crucial.
He claimed he would release his taxes, we all know how that went 
@All100Senators that's not what he said though
"In a very short period of time"
Trump threatened "tapes." Comey called bluff.
He won't tell the truth, even if he is under oath. It'd be fun to watch and truth-check though.
trial by senate...get control of congress next year and you will get a chance
get a life.  fix Connecticut.
