Essential food, water, and medicine failing to reach people in Puerto Rico - the Governor now acknowledging critical issues.
Delivery disconnect seems seriously widespread - as I heard in #Hartford today from families who have just arrived from Puerto Rico.
In third week of humanitarian crisis, essential supply shortages continue to put American lives at risk. Unacceptable and unconscionable.
My constituents are right to ask: Why aren't loved ones in Puerto Rico getting the supplies they need? How long must they wait?
If essentials delivery is failing, investigation should be federal, not just local, by FEMA Inspector General & DOJ prosecutors if needed.
We need better coordination – and robust long-term plan – to ensure Puerto Rico gets back on its feet and can rebuild stronger than before.
@ricardorossello Sen, maybe he should not have gone on tv saying that he was getting everything that he needed it in the first place.
Assimilation,it's going to take a discussion!Puerto Ricans voted NO to statehood on their status in 1967,1991,1993,and1998.
Drain the swamp!
Senator, you make this sound like a failing of the US as a whole - not a local failure (and I am sure that was your intent to flame things)
What we need is monitors in towns who will ensure that aid is being distributed to those in need.
And that was after the Governor kissed Trumps Ass.. Congress better step up.
The PR Gov failed their people. They could've used some of the billions they borrowed from the US to modernize the island.
It is “Blindsiding” Senator, you missed to see,thousands  hard working servicewomen and men there.
Where is the military, national guard? Why aren't they delivering supplies
It wasn't President Trump's fault that Puerto Rico was a poorly run socialist hellhole pre-hurricane - and it isn't his fault now either.
They are not helping themselves, Senator!
Senator, the necessary food and water are not reaching the people.  A donated bottle of water was sold for 1.75 with donation sticker on it.
But @realDonaldTrump said he had done brilliantly well there - this must be false news!  [Sarcasm, for anyone in any doubt.}
Look at the man in charge he's failing all Americans
We politicize everything. So what if someone dies? Amirite?
If Trump asked if his passport was up to date before trip to Puerto Rico, tells one he doesn't see PR as part of U.S.
#FunctionalIlliterate
@SenBlumenthal :who's tampering/playing games with food intended 4  people of Puerto Rico?It's not "we" but l political crooks there.Gosh!
Independence??

I am hearing that Mayors are being ask to fill out forms for need in internet, when three is no power. How ridiculous!
;(
That’s exactly what the mayor of San Juan has been saying all along when everyone is trying to dismiss her!
Well she's a she and a Puerto Rican. If it was a white dude they'd be hooked up.
I’m a proud Puerto Rican american citizen from New Jersey and have a voice for those who don’t!
Umm except for the fact that she was standing in front of a ton of supplies that were already sent to help.
Do they pay taxes?!
f'ck them my money isn't being wasted on those freeloaders
Everyday, I read  horror stories over my messenger app. Family going 2-3 days without food,  working full time and having to choose who eats
@realDonaldTrump was busy golfing and attacking NFL on Twitter while Puerto Rico struggles to recover. He is unfit to be president!
WE HAVE TO HELP THEM!!!  GET ELON MUSK AND GOOGLE OVER THERE ASAP!!!
@ricardorossello Many ppl are still without a decent meal & water. The many ppl are not receiving The aid. We need to send monitors to PR.
They're not Americans
Get those supplies out of the govt hands and have the military do it!! Corruption is a widespread cancer in PR!!!Just look at past incidents
Is there anyone in Congress with a conscience these are American citizens being left to suffer and die
You know that this stuff takes time, why don't you ever talk about the progress being made? Well Dickie Boy, Mr Vietnam Vet
FEMA is a national embarrassment.  FEMA chief is arrogant & incompetent - should be fired. #FauxFEMA
There is no excuse for this!! The country cannot have this behavior going on!! It is MURDER!! Just like in Flint! Murder by government!!
All has been done but P R can’t complete the job
Here you go @grandma_toall  #MAGA
Governor should speak up. Sucking up to Trump brough cheap paper towels to his people.

It's almost like the potentially ruinous problems in CT don't exist. easier to heap criticism on some one else than address Ct constituents
@DrDinD @CBSNews What happened to his beaming adoration of the Sumprem Leader? Must be getting some backlash from his ppl.
Also the government of Puerto Rico will run out of money by October 31 according to local Treasury Secretary making a world of uncertainty
so have u asked WHY, w/all the military sent there - that some of the LOCAL govt there is so f%$&!ed up - that they failed their people?
dickie, just shut up? what have YOU contributed? give up your taxpayer funded salary
Well sir, you were just down there, and apparently helped solve nothing. Hummm
#RepealTheJonesAct
That’s why Trump removed the stats from the FEMA website.  I used to think it was more on Trump and now it’s moron Trump.
Well then why did he play the strokeing game? It got him zilch. Now what? It looks like a shitshow.
Ugh. *stroking
Hey @SenBlumenthal 
THIS GOVERNOR IS THE NEWEST MEMBER OF TRUMP CRONIES.
WAKE UP!
THIS WAS DONE SO TRUMP CAN MAKE $ INFRANSTRUCTRE
Solar
Corruption by local government officials should be prosecuted.
As a US citizen living the aftermath of Maria, I'm very frustrated and disappointed with ALL! 
Hey Rich got any more pics of your time in Vietnam?
Didn’t think so FRAUD.
Oh, got your “problem” figured out 
You are failing your fellow state residents.
@PumaSF @CBSNews I don't know how even 1 member of Congress can live wth not removing Trump. How many innocents have to die?
Lier
A Marshall type plan
Bloomie didn't a whole gaggle of politicians just go there?was that really necessary to make that observation?this isn't rocket science
Everyone needs to remember this disaster is not just a city it's  a large island devasted
Be the #VoicesForPuertoRico because #TrumpfailedPuertoRico 
@realDonaldTrump played 18 today with @LindseyGrahamSC, that's how much they care
Exactly
Now Richard,it is not from a lack of Federal aid sent but th lack of distribution by locals... stop trying to score cheap shots on disaster
@AANP_NEWS fully aware of dysfunctional relationshipsIud is priority @AmerMedicalAssn drug dependence therapy is required for addicts©®™
@ESPNAssignDesk @Disney fire toothless! Unfit on the air! Wont pass Piss&prints at alcohol levels screen after dinner! Set standards ©™®
Fix @NFL all the same! Eat & drink ur normal set real levels in science @POTUS44 legal is legal ! Find base line in mornings! @POTUS 
Stomping around on tv look bloated with alcohol @PutinRF_Eng missing a tooth too it just fell out  @DocYilk we know these kind all the
This is totally unacceptable! Please hold this administration accountable! These lives are in need of supplies like water meds etc. Help PR!
Brock should be fired & held accountable for his inappropriate response to Mayor Cruz's legit. requests & indicted for any related deaths.
@realDonaldTrump what an embarrassment that the president of the United States cannot take care of his own people.
Any word on when you and @GovMalloyOffice are going to rescue CT?
Not "we". President is failing Puerto Rico. He owns this.
Drop the last 3 words from this tweet and you have acknowledged #TheVictimsParty motto you are armchair quarterbacks No Kneeling please!
This Governor should have taken the opportunity to speak up when trump waltzed in to PR, he didn't do it ...
And exactly what are you doing to help?
It's disgraceful! They need help! @GovernorBaker plz help!
i trust your on p.r. helping every day to make things right.surely you're not sitting in an air conditioned office just complaining.
Some don't have clean running #water after 3 weeks. How is that possible?
No energy,  no motor work = no water
no continual investment in infrastructure by PR govt, inability to bounce back fr disasters - corruption/incompetence locally have an impact

Puerto Rican governor better be careful or FEMA head will "Filter him out".
Exactly.
