He will back the law not his friends in the party.
CUT THE BULLSHIT DICKIE. SESSIONS AND GORSUCH WILL BE APPROVED. HE WILL NOT HAVE THE ISSUE U HAD WITH UR MILITARY BS MEMBER?
you know the answer, why pose the question and even give the illusion Sessions has one shred of decency. Don't normalize.
Not likely
Yates was paid to do her job. She failed in the process and deserved to be fired.
She did her job by defending the Constitution, something the president treads on daily.
you think so? How so?
You know the answer to that, alas!
Sure
no white supremacists, it's a small thing to ask of our government. No radical religious terrorist if it's not too much.
thank you for voting NO
You bet he will. Cory Booker threw him under the bus!
no, he has no spine or ethics. Morally bankrupt
Even ASKING that question is alarming.  STRONG ACTIONS NOW are required!!!
Sally Yates was a political hack. You know this. Don't tell us she was virtuous. The Constitutionality of the EO will stand.

@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @NancyPelosi. D's Protesters,Constituents appreciate your hard work, listening ears. Great job!
He'll follow the law & constitution unlike your former kings previously employed Acting AG.  Elections have consequences-BHO
Doubtful.
How can you even ask this question of a man who has made institutional racism + voter suppression his life's work?
simple answer is NO.
TRAITOR
ya get back to me on that
Simple answer: Nope. 

#NoVoteToApprove
These people are fascists in the plainest historical terms.  We desperately need you to RESIST.  Our lives may depend on it.
of course no!
vote yes on sessions. Yates was wrong. Remember ct is made up if more than just Dems
remember the united states is made up for more than just donald dump.Impeachment will be coming!
hilarious. You Dems are grasping at straws. You are the reason for Trump and will be the reason for 8 years.
No-I don't grasp at straws.Las Vegas is betting that he will be impeached within 6 months. lol Trump will break a law
no, he will NOT
I believe #Sessions  will be a huge step backwards in the fight for criminal justice reform.
But you dildo Dimmycrats will still let him take office w/o so much as a whimper.  You think this is your path to the WH?
No. No, he will not.
afraid he may be more loyal to the president than to the law.
no on Sessions and No on Garusch! Obama chose Merrick lawfully! Republicans blocked.  That is WRONG! Ledyard CT.
Why no comment on Gorsuch yet? Why calls to your D.C. phone go only to voicemail? Why are you not doing your job?
Never!
Why don't you spend some of your Campaign money feeding the AMERICAN HOMELESS, & HOMELESS VETERANS, HOMELESS CHILDREN, WOMEN
Sally Yates was a disgrace! You have your employees VETTED! Yet you don't want immigrants VETTED! Hypocrite! HYPOCRITES!
Who R U kidding?
Pandering to your constituents.
U can't block Gorsuch, U can whine & complain,
Nuclear option up your a*s !
All progressives are watching. We expect Dems to represent us & block far-right extremist nominees from our supreme count.
sad but you probably will vote for him. You have voted wrong on other nominees. Really disappointed
no
REALLY?! YATES broke EXISTING LAW! Sanctuary cities are illegal they house illegals. You liberals are in for a long 8 yrs!!!
keep up your work fighting for what's right! Thank youuuu!!
Democratic expect you to treat Trump SCOTUS pick the same way Republican treated Obama. Dems are watching every move you make
God is watching you very closely.  I think you should mellow down.
No. apparently none of you will be.
No, he won't. Don't vote for a #TrumpPuppet The law may be all we have left in the end. Sessions will sell out that law
Do not cave. No Supreme Court justice confirmations until Merrick Garland is seated. If Repubs want to play dirty, so be it.
You know get & well there's nothing you can do. Your spite is un-american
Sally  Yates who went against EO that was vetted by DOJ please. She broke her oath
listen to what the people are telling you...
Fuck no. And no Democrats should vote in favor of Gorsuch either. He's a rightwing idealogue. Say goodbye to Roe v. Wade.
This better have been rhetorical.
No. Stand strong and block him. Protect our constitution!
she did not know the law. #Sessions does.
No, not possible. Sally was fired for doing the exact thing she said she would do in her confirmation.
Partisan= "strong and independent"?
Her behavior is a disservice to the people- you are wrong to exalt her behavior
Are you kidding me? Trouble with SC nominee?? Glad I'm not from CT anymore.
fly in the ointment despite what his mother would say
Yes!
???? Refusing to go to work???
you are a worm
what say you on Gorsuch? I say no - that should have been obamas appointment not trumps. #dontgiveaninch
Yes he will - he had to shame u into standing up for the 220 NU employees who had lost their jobs to H1B visa workers
why did Obama get his cabinet in ez and Trump can't? Rep, Dem, Ind respect the Oval Office
:
 NO DeVos!!!!!!!!
Do not budge on any appointments. We are all watching.
Never met the Man, Can only hope you did
I figure it's kinda like the constitution, you were either in or out. Vote from your Heart. & Good Luck.
If you don't want to unite with Democrats to stop Republican's unlawful take-over of this country, maybe you should retire?
.... Okay, time to primary you. Watching u on Chris Matthews show. U r planning to vote on Trump pick for the Supreme Court.
not he won't.
Keep up your great work. Our country is counting on you and your integrity.
depends on your definition of justice, bruh.
sALLY SUPPORTED ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltJqVvtEqoM …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZXVetgTH34 …
Shame! Yates was wrong. Stop stalling. Clean up Dem party, win the presidential election if you want to pick AG. No crooks!
Please use the Quorum and don't show up for Vote on Session's! Stop this Nominee before we end up in a Communist Country!
Please do not vote for Pruitt, either.  Clearly he will be dismantling the EPA.
Senator Sessions will be far better. He will enforce the law.
Thank you, Senator, for denying Sessions your vote.  End the Trump Amateur Hour and impeach!
How will we know, if you will not show up to fulfill your range of responsibilities including judicial nominations?
No.
NO!! Vote NO to all of them!!!They are ALL dangerous to our democracy. STOP this train wreck. This is horrible @chrismurphyCT
he will be better. She was stuck on Obama time for a fresh look #ConfirmSessions
No #Sessions will be a Trump stooge. Thank you.  Please also enact legislation to #BanBannon - no politics in court or NSC
Where were you when Clinton said Sen Byrd & Margaret Sanger(real racists) were her idols. So tired of the lies & drama.
He won't. So don't confirm him!
vote Sessions,Price, Devos, Perry thank you
Stop the BS Obama rhetoric. Makes you look petty.
he's just another Trump puppet
you allowed Obama to be above the law you cowards, session will pass America will vote you out. New blood in Democratic Party
@true_pundit @jimmy_dore @SenatorSessions @PrisonPlanet Blumenthal, call a hearing, the Russians hacked your mic stand~!
Your speech this AM was masterful. Clearly laid out your reasons. Please keep fighting.
- not even close!
you're kidding, right? You scared @Sandy_Hook_Hoax gets revealed in 2017? Did you meet mafiosa involved in hoax yet? Hmmm?
No. I am thankful for senators such as you.
No. Because a Senate grounded in reality and motivated by American values would never appoint #Sessions.
no.
Follow the law. Nobody is above the law. Your opinion is not law. You sound bias. God no, do not start over!
you're a blatant liar!
Thanks for your strong support of the American people and the Constitution, in your remarks at the #Sessionshearing. #voteNO
I must have missed that part
No he will not. Thank you for voting no Senator Blumenthal.
Nope...just a rubber stamp!
Was Holder & Lynch strong and independent? Esp Lynch meeting w/Pers Clinton. Two of the worst AG'S ever. U r a hypocrite
Again Holder & Lynch were NEVER independent.
Glad I don't live in CT any more.
THANK YOU for standing against the bigot @jeffsessions
you want AG like Lynch? Secret meeting on AZ tarmac w/husband of person under investigation? That kind of AG?
STOP GRANDSTANDING. U R MAKING IT WORSE FOR DEMS & UR CONSTITS. WE WILL REMEMBER AT ELEC TIME. @SenatorSessions
You need to find a better Presidential Candidate so that you're not grinding your teeth every time Prez Trump signs somethin
#fakehero fake Vietnam veteran. Served stateside voters too ignorant to check ratfaced scumbag
Why don't you stand up for the USA? 
I watch CSPAN. Session's serves the USA. 
You; not so much. 
#ConfirmSessions
No, nothing like @SallyQYates - and that's exactly what we need
Sadly I cannot believe he will.
proof dems dont want known, what trump did is already law 8 U.S. Code § 1182 - Inadmissible aliens
U R WAY OFF BASE & R SPEWING UNTRUTHS TO CONSTITS & AMER PPL. YATES VIOLATED HR OATH. STOP SPREADING PROPAGANDA. U R WRONG!
As a constituent, please vote No!
hell no!
Please stand in the face of justice and the Constitution!  
@SenBlumenthal
not a chance, taken a lesson from the GOP, #obstruct
what about #devos!
please vote no
No
Unlikely given the expectation that loyalty TRUMPS the law!
No on Sessions!-he helped write the unconstitutional bill #unfittoserve
Please you need to do more than TWEET. Can we mobilize stop work actions; block the halls of Congress.....let's mobilize
Keep it up. Be our political Rockstar from the Constitution state. #resisttrumptuesday
plz  no Jeff sessions could not be a judge bc of racism will not be fair to handled states of our country
no he will not! Vote NO! On Sessions and DeVos!!!!
just vote anything
Nope.
#NoSessions
vote no to #Sessions - and make your fellow committee members stand responsible for their votes
No, he won't. Please vote no! And delay the process as long as you can.  #StopSessions
Doubt it which is why he must not be confirmed. Unless a more u qualified candidate awaits in the wings.. shudder
Definitely not. As your constituent I'm asking you to please vote no on Sessions.
you know the answer, vote no on Sessions
definitely not! I wish the house and senate would deny his confirmation
NO, please vote against him!
Sessions will step on civil rights of many Americans. please #StopSessions. we are #counting on #YOU. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost/wp/2017/01/10/read-the-letter-coretta-scott-king-wrote-opposing-sessionss-1986-federal-nomination/?utm_term=.fed69d9778bf …
No!
#JustSayNo to Jeff Sessions nomination.

Liberals, Give up Already Sessions Will Be Our Next AG
Absolutely not...We are resolute in our resistance to this abomination and hijacking of core American values.
Who cares, skippy? The Repubs control the House, Senate and POTUS. You need to sit the next 8 years OUT. You’re superfluous
And what divisive tendencies motivates you to be so anti-inclusive...I can only surmise!
As a party you can’t even admit you lost because you had a lying, crooked candidate with no message. You’ll keep losing.
There you go deflecting the question I asked...We know it runs deeper than just someone lying...
God no. He is decades behind the general train of thought in this country. 
I ask you to #withholdconsent on ANY further Cab noms but especially Sessions. Especially Sessions.
nope!
Oh Hell no he won't.
Where does Senator Sessions stand on the EO? Re-open the hearing to find out.  America deserves to know before the vote!
sen judiciary should postpone #sessions until White House settles down w/acting AG & you're sure of constitutional integrity
Not likely.
I hope you're up to this vote after ABSTAINING on Pompeo, an islamophobe who has in the past repeatedly defended torture.
nope
Vote NO ! hope you are ready for the fight to come. tobacco ind was easy compared to this mess unfolding.
absolutely not... how many times do Dems have to be hit over head before they get it... no votes to confirm any trump picks!
No matter what Trump says Acting Attorney General Sally Yates is leaving the White House loud and proud!
Really what were her legal reasons.  She didn't have any. All flash no substance.
Please vote no. Please.
Vote No! From CT - stay strong and convince others.
No has ties to Carter Page/ALfa bank who is also being investigated. Sessions should recuse himself. Not impartial now
No. Please vote no on Sessions.
no, and please vote No.
Please take a stronger leadership role.  We in CT need to hear your voice loud & clear in Washington!  STAND OUT- BE SYRONG
You must vote NO
Just vote
time to withhold consent
Please help save us from this autocratic narcissist. Keep the checks and balances. It has never been more important.
I think not.
Voting for a raise for yourselves while obstruction of the safety of the country continues shameful
All of Trump's noms should have & should be rejected by all Dems! Fight Fire w Fire! #indivisible #Sessions #theresistance
sounds very "progressive".
We are urging you to vote NO!
lmao, you're kidding right
no he'll follow the Constitution
We, the majority of Americans, hope not.
Absolutely not, he's another bigot, do not confirm that hateful old man.
Highly unlikely
NO, Vote No
