I opposed Sessions, but he shouldn't be forced to resign for following ethical rules - especially if he'll be replaced by a Trump lackey.
Ultimately, this is about the rule of law, not Sessions. Protecting Mueller probe's independence & integrity is the top priority.
Renewed threat of political interference in Mueller investigation from Pres. Trump again raises the specter of obstruction of justice.
Attempts by Trump to limit Mueller investigation, which now includes relevant financial dealings, are inappropriate & possibly illegal.
Trump is fully able to order the firings of Witch Hunter Mueller under the Constitution! You may want to read it Senator
Agreed. Its been that way since Holder took the oath.
Can we, as Americans, do anything to stop this madness? We all deserve better!
Our voices count. Maybe the senator can direct us as to who to call, write, e-mail. Where there are protests we can join.
Indivisible.is for rally and protest list. Also have a guide of things to do. Call, email, write you congressmen. Campaign for candidates
Thank you Nancy! 
got it
Welcome.
They're going to get one with a larger tongue to lick their asses if #Sessions resigns.
Yes
If the attorney general were allowed to do his job, there would not be a special prosecutor running a rouge investigation supported by dems
Sessions needs to MAKE trump fire him & not be bullied into quitting. Sessions is bad for peop & this country, but he has to hang on.
Retweet if you agree
#MakeMuellerNotFireableByTrump
DO Something!!!!! All 100,Senator's should refuse salary. How about PD on a commission like structure where productivity determind's income.
The job of everyone is to protect the president.
LOL
too late....
Also, definitely not a Russian asset.
Thank you Senator!
Authoritarian State? Kleptocracy? Oligarchy? 
Congress must take action. Pres powers must be limited or taken away. Emergency Measures!
Agreed. As much as I despise Sessions & hate all of his policies, he shouldn't quit over the 1 thing he's doing rt- standing up the law.
Indeed, Sessions is being criticized for following ethical protocol.
If he'd been following ethical protocol he wouldn't have met with #Russian & then lied under oath about it.
Oh, no doubt. My comment was regarding his so-called recusal.
What were the previous two AG's?
You mean like he was under oboma - H U M- M-
& the Senator should be a doer not a nasayer instruction. Lead or get out of the way.
If AG is appointed by president and confirmed only by senators in his own party, that should be a tip-off that he'll be a lapdog.
OK, Sessions is horrible. Trump wants him out so he can put someone in to fire Mueller. Mueller is closing in on Trump.
Says the guy who liked Eric Holder. Also, didn't you lie about your military service?
Who's a good boy?
He is. And you should solve problems not be an endless party pleasing puff mat for hate.
Boom! “@SenBlumenthal: The Attorney General of the United States should be a watchdog, not a presidential lapdog.”
We got stuck with a toy fleabag.
Too late, the leprechaun had been lapdog since day one. He's been openly disgraced, the puppy is loyal, still panting around for leftovers
And congressmen and senators should do what they were elected to do! Not obstruct and do nothing!!!!
He also shouldn't be a Keebler Elf, but, what're you gonna do?
Any watchdog worth a damn would have already went after criminals like Hillary, Obama and Lynch...a good watchdog isn't afraid of liberals!
Don't really care. Sessions is worse than Trump. Has done more damage to the nation thus far.  Both need to go.
https://twitter.com/mippy56/status/888381444590096388 … @realDonaldTrump @RepAdamSchiff @SenSchumer @womensmarch #TrumpRussia @maddow @twitwar2017 @VisitLeeZeldin #TW
Recommended that every group PRE-DESIGNATE a central gathering point NOW so all protesters know EXACTLY where to go Share this far and wide. 
Says the man who says anything to get what he wants! #fakesenator
Great analogy, but Trump want submission! Perhaps he should run for office in Russia, Poland or Hungry!
Best tweet of the day, Senator!
Sessions is disgusting and Trump is a proto-fascist. The @GOP is no longer a political party that believes in our republic.
Apparently the  thinks that everyone working in govt works for HIM!
Let me search your twitter and comment history on tv.   Looking for where you said that about Lynch.  Hmmm no luck so far.
"After promising to be a law and order POTUS he now opposes:

His own Attorney General
His own Dept of Justice
His own Intel Community"
Amen go Richy get Eric and Lynch!
@SenBlumenthal been to Vietnam lately?
CALL FOR REMOVAL.
So wait,Obama had 2 lapdogs AG's the last 8yrs both in Loretta Lynch & Eric Holder. They both did a great amount of damage to this country.
You know we're in deep sh*t when considering Sessions staying in office is the ethical choice .What alternate universe have I fallen into ?
That goes for Congress as well.
But Session IS a Trump lackey. First Senator to endorse, reason he became acceptable to GOP base. Plus, he's a racist. Sessions should go.
Woof
That dirty cross-burner never had one shred of legitimacy to begin with. Congress must move to impeach ASAP. This is intolerable.
The president of the US shouldnt be a whinning baby!
@redhed67 And neither should he Roll Over for A Belly Rub either.
Trump will fire him & out up a loyalist AG to fire Meuller. I have no faith GOP won't block new AG. You need to learn-GOP is the enemy
So that what lynch and holder were .guess they were Obamas ass lickers
Creep
If you're dumb as rocks your title is irrelevant
Y had no prob and lynch being thst for king obama . Go away hack embarrassing ppl elect u
Thank you
He's what he has been his entire life, an ignorant racist!!!
Too late.
Particularly one that been pushed off the lap.
@rosemhook half the country disagrees.
Sessions will be fired. Or Trump will resign. Not sure what is going to happen first. I'm guessing Trump will take everyone down.

Most of us who have been listening & watching this circus can't believe how these so called leaders put up with him. Lost their integrity.
#ITMFA
Senator, You're hitting back like you're in a pillow fight with an administration that is firing missiles.
Well put!
Got That Right!
Actually, the Attorney General should be a human, and not any kind of dog. While there is no law against canine AGs, it's a bad idea, Rich.
That was Putin plan !! Have the trump administration full of corrupts incompetent to do as he please !! Don't let putin/trump get away w it!
In that case you have to get rid of the Sessions......
If there was another AG he could fire Mueller. Sessions can't because of the recusal.
If Mueller were to be fired...I have heard he will be re instated quick smart..?
I certainly hope so. It would look dreadful. Would Congress act? I have no faith in them. The business investigation is scaring him.
About time.....let him shake rattle and roll....all the way..away .away....

Boom!
he is a watch dog but we have democrats that are promoting violence and hate against this country.Your a fraud for lying about being a vet
Oh...he's watching alright!

He can't if he is a racist deviant
Thank you for the thoughtful insight and analysis. 
The current AG is like a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel: nothing at the bottom of the well.
Understatement on Sessions!  Cannot wait until Trump falls and others go down one right after the other.  NY AG has cases too = no pardons!
I think Jeff is more....the shaky cocker spaniel peeing in the corner....
Should this, should that. Meanwhile the entire federal government is being dismantled by the Koch & Friends billionaires.
Honestly, even this is a better slogan for the dems in 2018
He is a watchdog just for our Russian Neighbor.
Yeah cause Obamas AG's were always out of line with the admin- and u were so vocal, too.
That was sessions taking a crap on the wh lawn. I knew it
but he pledged loyalty to Trump! Who should be impeached just for asking.
not "should" "Must Be" a watchdog!
Wondering if the State of CT had a budget? Maybe less tweeting sir and get back to work..
I wish there were just ONE liberal media outlet to balance out the conservative MSM.
They'd be playing questions about Janet Reno on a loop!
The Attorney General should also not be a Bigot.
@JonJusth WOOF WOOF.
Sessions reputation (really anyone who has supported trump) is destroyed, history will have no respect for his service
Yes
#FireproofMueller sir we are terrified about Syria CIA ops gone, turkey gives out our position and 45 threatening investigation!
Got that right.
Too late
@realDonaldTrump hasn't filled positions bc he's running out of idiots that will agree to be his lapdog
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP Rot in hell!
and you shouldn't be a Soros Lapdog
Great quote!
Sen. what do you mean by that?
ts narcissistic thuggish mind he's king. t said it was unfair implied he wanted 2use another word. No divesting self dealing trump.
Oh gee Richard, I guess you are criticizing Holder & Lynch?
Agree! Being a lap dog is your job for Pelosi.
Anyone who cannot admit that the GOP is is enabling an attempt at Fascism is in denial
Where were you with the last one??????
Trump sounded like he was annoyed that Sessions wasn't in the mix protecting Trump against all attacks.
Doing the 'right' thing here because he's been the focus of a Senate investigation does not mean he isn't a Trump lackey. Quite the opposite
You tell 'em, Senator!
Thats deep...
my Senator shouldn't say he fought in Vietnam when he didn't
Also should not be a racist etc. but here we are, back in the 50s.
A lesson from your time in Vietnam?
Agreed
You were the democrats lapdog your entire career "serving" CT.
Sessions is happy as a Pig in Sh*t bringing us back to 1920s!  He's not going anywhere unless he's outright fired. #RICO #TrumpGOPRussia
they can't XD there trying to throw a chill on legalization. inconvenience will be passed on to the customer.. he is helping RICO trump
they can grab a ton of money from trumps family for criminal activity.
sessions is threatened and he has come to far to just quit or be fired. trump is pissed off. sessions is insuring survival for himself.
this will help RICO come back in to popularity, then they can use it on banks, Russians, 1%ers. so yes it is very bad.
So glad Beauregard has our backs
Yep.  Criticism was intended to intimidate, not get him to resign.
Jealous much, Mr. Burns?
BOOM TWEET OF THE DAY!!!!!!
@billclinton 

The entire @WhiteHouse is compromised.
We can't operate like this.
Or this
This too
https://www.forbes.com/forbes/welcome/?toURL=https://www.forbes.com/sites/danalexander/2017/06/06/how-donald-trump-shifted-kids-cancer-charity-money-into-his-business/&refURL=https://www.google.com/&referrer=https://www.google.com/ …
This
This too
This

So we know you were the biggest lapdog. What's your point. People in glass houses, you know the drill. Honorable, a word ruined in DC
I agree, but isn't being a watchdog your job as well. In lack of Executive leadership, we need yours.
you'd think
But with Sessions that's what you get A lapdog he just got caught up in the Russian scandal... but on any day of the wk his loyalty is 2 DT
He's just a good ole' boy with his nose in Trump's rear part !!!
Sessions as Attorney General is as big a joke as the Trumpster as the president !
OMG.... ! This is a nightmare for the U.S.A...... !


You mean like Loretta Lynch?
Or a liar. Sessions lied under oath.
He was hired to warm that lap don't like him don't trust him
You need to respect the vote and enough obstructing this president! Russia didn't lose election! Hillary did. You are a fraud, senator!
And it's not just the AG the whole cabinet is lapdogs.

sessions has disgraced himself and he knows it. sad little man isn't he.
He has always been a lapdog and a bigot.
Anyone who followed anything trump ever did for the last 20 years knew that all he wants are lackeys and lapdogs as subordinates.
Sessions is Trump's bigoted lapdog...do not think it could get much worse.

@mhmhart And that "lapdog" should NOT have theAuthority to violate theConstitution w/THIS NON-SENSE
Too late!
Change the job title to "Generally Attorney
sometimes....generally "
Amen to that!
"Should be?" So there's latitude in the job description?
And the President of the United States shouldn't be installed by Russia, but it doesn't seem we're able to fix any of this mess.
He should be the watchdog you were for our state in CT!!!!
You pathetic, lying hypocrite. I don't remember any outrage from you when Obama's justice department did his bidding or ignored their oath.
AG is there to oversee, not OVERLOOK as 45 seems to want.....
What were you saying again?
This is the only dog I'd like to see in Sessions' position
What's the word for female doggie?
Just for giggles what kind of dog do y'all think that confederate hound would be? I picture some snarly old grey coon dawg.
Senator.  It's past time to put in an independent commission to protect Muellers work. We are losing our country.
Not Dear, GOP,
It's past time to put in an INDEPENDENT COMMISSION  to protect MUELLER'S work. We are losing our country.
@connie_rodeconn 

"Sessions as Drumpf lap dog" is a meme waiting to be created....
I'm the dog here, Sessions!
Indeed. And after Trump feeling so good about new FBI nom, seems he should not be confirmed. Seems Trump feels too safe with Wray.
Seems absurd Dems would have confirmed anyone Trump nominated. Unanimously? WHY?
Which is why I think bipartisan supported @GrantWoods would be an ideal candidate if the unthinkable happens.
Dick Blumenthal was one of my favorite AG's.  Proud to serve with him for 8 years.
Arf, arf.......my pooch says "yes"!
Agreed. Please vote to impeach the joke of a president we have @realDonaldTrump do.  Please bring some honor back to the United States...
You mean like Holder and Lynch?
Yeah well we seen your watchdog she watched and ran interference for Obama, Hillary, Rice, Lerner,and anyone Obama owed...
We know that would b different if u libs were in the wh
Senator we realize all who work for POTUS are his lackeys including the AG. Shameless to cause of justice.
Let's not pretend Sessions is not corrupted
 It's a big joke, unfortunately it's not funny
Just another trump cronie
Thank you for your service, sir!
Bazinga! #resist
And with this Administration we require a Saint Bernard!
Did you think that about the last two AGs dopey?
Yes and he should bite him in the butt
Just like Eric Holder and Lorreta Lynch. Smh you sir are an embarrassment.
He's #neither
And the AG should also incarcerate for 20yrs + $1mil fine those who peacefully boycott Israel's brutal #Occupation?
will you ever concentrate on the mess you and the #Democrats created in CT?
like lynch and holder
You believe a perjurer can be a true watchdog? This man should be disbarred, not still working as AG.
The swamp  is never tired of  msear  campaign
Tell that to @realDonaldTrump
alot "should be"
If only the Founders had added someone who made sure what "Should Be" is..
Oh they did but gop complicit, dems indifferent.
Please note this worthwhile advice @jeffsessions, it's worth heeding.
@DOJ
Now explain Eric Holder & Loretta Lynch's record
Lol. They are no longer in office.
And not once did their lockstep support for the President (or the would be President) trouble Senator Blumenthal
Exactly!
Unfortunately he lacks the courage & integrity  to be the former & lacks the charm & hair to be the latter-A shame & disgrace full-stop
Wait, I remember you as attorney general of Connecticut.  You were a lapdog if the gov was a Dem.  Why didn't you follow your own advice?
In this corrupt administration?
We'll said Senator. Since the beginning of this debaucle you've been fighting the good fight and have been honest with us. Thanks
