The United States should not break the promise it made to Carolina, who works hard, plays by the rules, and gives back.
We must keep our word to Alejandra, brought here at age 1 and now a Wesleyan graduate. Ending #DACA would be an unforgivable betrayal.
We are the greatest country on Earth & great countries keep their word. Must pass DREAM Act to do right by Carolina, Alejandra, & many more.
Just a matter of time before these people turn on you too. Send them back!
"Shut down ICE!" Dreamers confront Nancy Pelosi about immigration, negotiations with Trump over DACA. WATCH LIVE: http://nbcbay.com/CpfQn5L  
BRIAN COOK I agree wish more people would speak up Sen Blumenthal is NOT earning his pay support CT we can't afford any more takers
We use to be the greatest nation in the world, but since the Liar-in-Chief took office our standing has become an embarrassment.
It was http://Illegal.You  are an attorney, right

how about the children that were born here you know the ones that you were voted in to take care of first what about their dreams
America did not make the promise Obungle did and did it illegally
So we can pick and choose which laws to follow .. ????
Did  you also  hear  from millions  of  american children who  are homeless and hungry?
It was Obama's unconstitutional executive order.  Let's be honest. You lied about being a vet already. You can break your addiction to lying
America made no promises! Obumer did! Not congress! your whining dreamers can go apply for GREEN CARDS like everyone else who wants to stay
Here are your 'Dreamers' Senator:
Obama made the promise without congressional support so get off your jazz and act
America didn't make that promise. One man did Barrack Husein Obama. It is unconstitutional and not a law passed by duly elected reps!
Holy hell w/these comments. Some of u are so uninformed it's frightening. Buncha angry white ppl who feel so threatened over nothing. Smdh.
Senator.... Our Dreamers should give political leadership a goal of further streamlining the path to leadership based on their contribution.
Wording mistake. "Path to citizenship."
At no point is America obligated to make any promises to anybody. Especially illegal dreamers
Oboma was wrong they. Need to leave till the become citizens
Blum and Murphy have let down DACA with a decade of inaction. All of sudden you are outraged! Let's revisit Dream Act @CTGOP @ChrisMurphyCT
If you told the truth there would be no chaos.  Do your job and fix it or is that too much for you?  Always blaming others.
I expected America to keep its  promises to ME not illegal aliens
It wasn't Americas promise it was Obamas. And he had no right to make it.
Shouldn't promise them something to begin with my kids have dreams to and the funding shouldn't go to illegals
What about the promise to Americans.America is dying thanks to you and Democratic Elitists with their security people and wealth.Sad,sick.
"AMERICA" made NO PROMISE to them - their PARENTS committed an ILLEGAL ACT and #OBAMA created this mess by an unenforceable E.O. #EndDACAnow
These same dreamers?
So Legislator, you knew Exec Order was temporary so how is CONGRESS fixing it? Results, not deflection of your responsibility. Get 2 work.
Wasn't Monday 9/11? You chose to be with illegals rather than honor fallen Americans.
Illegal orders, even EO's, have no standing.

It is as if they never existed in the first place.

So no "Promise" could have been made.
Why are you fixated on DACA? Sorry their parents snuck in. Oops bad decision. Are we gonna do the same for every kid w stupid parents?
America didn't promise anything Obama used his unconstitutional pen.
Thank you for your efforts to protect DACA.
You mean lip service, why hasn't he & fellow Senators taken legislative action 2 backup his pandering tweet. More results-less tweets
Yeah, god forbid we enforce our immigration laws.
Your words means nothing to real Americans. Senator Stolen valor
Do the promises you made to Americans who trusted you to follow the law count?
What in the Executive Order was America's promise?
only corrupt Democrats promised illegals! You never ask us, the American Taxpayers! 1 trillion cost on all illegals freestuff
We trusted them not to break our laws and come here ILLEGALLY!
They came as children.
Then the 36 year old Dreamer has broken our laws long enough!
It was never suppose to be a permanent program. Some are in their 30's. Get their act together and become a citizen or leave
Dick every day you are in office you commit egregious crimes towards America by supporting illegals. what is wrong with you? stolen valor
We need to uphold our laws. If you don't like them get off your lazy ass and work to change them
It was an illegal promise made by the incompitant Obama
Thank you, Senator Blumenthal!
Obama was the one who made the promises not America
@SenBlumenthal ! It's also WRONG that many Dreamer's protested, Against the Govt in recent gatherings ! "Women's March", "BLM" and "Antifa"!

Ill be there watching YOU  & your B.S.
Strange, nothing has changed for them except that the temporary program now has an end date.  Where's the "promise"  #LIAR
Were they as confused as you about your fictitious tour in Vietnam?
Senator, we have 3 branches of Gov. RIGHT? So we need to fix this. Like gestapos, US Gov/DOJ has DREAMERS infos. We need 2 protect them NOW.
SAVE OUR DREAMERS. We are not the only ones that get to realize our dreams. Everyone should get to realize their dreams.
We are in debt to all of the Dreamers as we invited them to follow their dreams in America. They were invited to realize their dreams here.
America never made a promise to them!
Obama and congress are to blame for dreamers nightmares!
Have a few come live with you Richie
My guess is you have never kept your promises. Also a lier.
Umm. So they demand more after given FREE education, FREE medical care, and access 1st to scholarships and jobs! Hardely grateful. We "owe"?
Who said they got anything free? They are in the same pool as all students for scholarships, etc. You need to read up on what DACA even is.
Yes Lisa, Free, as in on the backs of generations of citizens who gave their blood sweat and tears for the USA! Zero contributions from daca
Really what about the promise to veterans?
Cut it out with the heartfelt stories.. why is it one is either good or evil.. what abou our stories, the promises made to us
Om gosh!   They didn't play by the rules or laws of our land!  They're not stupid!
Yip yip look at me after all this time it took president Trump for me to have a opinion nothing but hot air
It wasn't a promise.  But who cares? Amnesty for all!
Give me a break! They should be thankful they got anything at all. Please. They are not entitled stop acting like they are.
I'm reading the laws on immigration, I don't see any promises.Constitution, nope. Bill of rights , nope. I see an unconstitutional exec ord
Ditto... this guy's definitely got Puppet Master skills
Didn't listen to their parents! 1tax household! Not authorized to invaded another's ! @Disney kids had no rights to gift property©™®theft
Uncertainty breeds panic and anxiety. The real kind.
They are terrified.
