Despite efforts to hide, we've learned of mtgs w/ Russian foreign agent, bank &real estate oligarchs, & effort to setup Moscow backchannel.
Kushner clearance should be revoked ASAP - his history of deception and attempts to hide communication w/ Kremlin need investigating.
There is simply no way, knowing what we know, that Kushner can be trusted with our country's secrets.
Thats a scary thought Senator!
@DemSenators have enriched themselves at  d expense of the poor. They live in million dollar mansion. Russia does not provide job  or food

You dems are  fraud, liars, manipulators,opportunists, bullies, racist,corrupt,and when caught in ur lies, resort  to name calling..
No more than having you serving in Wash as our transplanted AG - when will you make jump to Senator?
Now you're just insulting with nothing intelligent to say.
Huma Aberdin's parents R both members of the Muslim Brotherhood.  How did this woman get clearance?  Hillary sent classified on her server 2
DEMS obstruct. Nothing gained. Time for old men to leave.
There's good reason to obstruct GOP/45 corruption Remember GOP "party of No" is a big part of this
All talk, nI plan!
What??? Take time to read the various plans before you judge what isn't there. You are clearly into "no." Are you two?
Why did you lie about your serving in Vietnam.
I agree!
Each day the obstructionist approach to governing (lack thereof) hurts millions.
DO SOMETHING OR LEAVE!!!!
Every day he is doing doing doing. So maybe clean your lenses. 45 hasn't done anything but UNDO, which is lame anyway. All bluster no action
Leave trumps family alone you stolen valor thief you have no credibility I can't imagine how anyone even votes for your ridiculous nonsense
Hillary put our security at risk by using a non secure server for classified info.  Where was your objection to her?  Shared w/Huma's Weiner
This whole administration puts are nation ad risk! Everything that come's out of the White House is nothing but a LIE!
Trumps too!
Fake you
Wow, this coming from a serial liar.
Each day you put out states financial security at risk. Your policies fail everyone
Each day, Donald Trump puts our nation at risk.

That's if he has not already passed on all the info
No fan of Kushner but Clinton's lost emails do what for national security?
Each day you are a senator puts CT at risk! #fakesenator
We are looking to all of you to save this country from the installed Putin regime.
Explain how that statement holds any truth??!
He won't get to keep it in jail right? #guilty
Blessed day my friend!
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaa
What provisions are in place for a situation such as this. Maybe you should start by getting rid of Sessions.
Can you all just leave that dam man long
But you never said a word about HRC, you have no credibility
The fraud I see here is lying  and deceptive demsenators,who failed  for 8yrs & all US  got was drug epidemic,unemployment,& homelessness
Russia is  a  deception and a cover up by demsenators for their failure. What  have  they  done to improve the lives of their constituencies
We can take his away if u take away Hillary Rodham Clinton's.Come on Sen.stop being "okiedoked/bamboozeled" by your failed liberal agenda.
So did Hillary Clinton's but you all weren't concerned about that
Every day that more comes out & the Rs don't take the action they should makes them complicit & shows how corrupt they have made their party
all of them to the top
Right, I miss the old days 44 gave billions to  and watched  w Castro.  #MAGA
I was in the Army with a top secret security clearance and I would have went to jail for doing  what Jared did.
Funny how you never said that about Hillary.  Why must you lie here?
Senator I find your comments repulsive
Your friend @ChrisMurphyCT is in debt and that is a very large concern. Security vetting starts with fiscal strength questions, he has zero
understood  but his brave efforts in the Gulf War should account for something
Every day of a #trump "presidency" puts our nation at risk.
The same can be said about your presence in the Senate, "Senator".
Two words... Reality Winner.
WHY HAVEN'T THEY TAKEN HIS SECURITY CLEARANCE AWAY? CAN'T THE DEMS OR REPUB VOTE TO REVOKE IT HE IS A THREAT TO USA ????????????????????????
Every time you speak you put the nation at risk DICK! What have you accomplished for Ct since being elected ?
so do you and chris murphy, mr. Vietnam war hero
Each day Trump is Prez puts our country in peril.
@zwash300
Does he have a private unsecured server?
Each day , Senator Blumenthal grandstands and ignores the state of Connecticut as it keeps declining economically .
Why aren't Democrats holding press conferences on this every single day?  One rep on cable news isn't enough.  Need all 50.
50 reps wow very interesting dumb but interesting
Each day Senator Blumenthal wastes his time and ours chasing political dreams and ghosts. Please start rep'ing us and not the DNC.
You put American citizens at risk by voting against Kate's law. #notmysenator
As usual, taking on the biggest issues facing the country head on.
Some do say that....
you are right people don't change their forms that many times. Our president has too much power. There is something wrong
What can we do? There are many, many of us who will help if given a little direction. Help us help you. He has to go ASAP!
Each day @realDonaldTrump, his admin, and the GOP puts our nation @ risk.
It's like having Chauncey Gardner as POTUS!
Except mean spirited
