rip them up? Why? Just amend them. End of story.
Please no more pontificate!!! Four judges who did not address the law. It's not over
that's a good lesson from you. Vietnam really?
you know, I hope, that you are an embarrassment to all Hebrews.  You are a liar & spiteful liberal.
Unfortunately, we are dealing with a president who can't stand to lose, therefore, it isn't over. #HearOurVoice
Never happen, the 9th circuit will be overturned as usual!
super majority off all Americans want the President to keep us safe; keep illegals and terrorists out. You own next attack.
how much longer until #ImpeachTrump can be done?  Before he destroys this country even more??
Brace yourself, the idiot is on a vendetta against you, I'm sure you expected it, he's so predictable...
surprised it took this long honestly
He doesn't know who he's dealing with with Blumenthal, he was our Atty General for years before Senator, he takes no prisoners..
I know! He was a great AG and been very happy with him in Senate. Don't mess with our guy!
Damn right!!!!! Our blue state rocks !!!!!
hes just getting started
what are you doing about the 2.6 trillion dollars taken from SS? you don't care? You should Help US citizens not terrorists
@VFW The decision by the 3 loopy liberal 9th Circuit justices, who think they serve in the Congress, needs to be ripped up!
the exc order only unconstitutional to those, like you and 9th who twist it to your pleasure. #Unconstitutionaldems
I hope you can show FINALLY where it violates the constitution. #PlenaryPower
obama did 1000 EO! Lib dems n judges were silent! You should consider retirement. 8 more years
of Trump! #ted nutaitis
Any intelligent person would. However...
such a proud constituent! Thank you Senator. We are with you!
wow, how things change?
Why would heed a bold faced lier?
Wrong, where did you get your law degree?
.@SenBlumenthal You can hope in one hand and defecate in the other. See which one fills up first.
lower your expectations and you can make both come true.
#MuslimBan 

Problem, Trump DOESN'T REMEMBER HIS CIVICS CLASS
He's used to doing WHAT EVER HE WANTS, 
even if it's illegal !
do you have PTSD from your "service?"  Do u wake up in a cold sweat from visions of incoming teddy bears missing the toy bin
actually they are constitutional.  You know it as well you big damned liar.
Need a law to prevent people who lied about fighting in Vietnam to hold office.
you will be held accountable for any harm to Americans your actions contribute to.
just like you heeded the call of duty in Vietnam?
How is it that we let these lying creeps represent us in US senate? We need to impeach this treasonous liar
I hope everyone in ct realizes you are a fraud
Can you tell this to @tedcruz  please??? Thanks!!!
well Trump will never show humility he's an maniacal ego maniac. So sorry he focused on you. Always terrible to see..terrible
congrats, you are siding with a confirmed liar.
please start impeachment proceedings immediately, basis is using his position for personal gain for the trump family, $$$
Yes, lets begin impeachment of this lyin ass senator who was elected to represent Ct citizens not his agenda
the court just ripped up the constitution
CT ST employee unions don't heed the call of our eminent economic collapse so..... no.
yes and when the news doesn't cover a rape & murder from an illegal and it hits close to home what will you say then? Smh
@SenBlumenth we just caught one in Queens this week. It doesn't matter if illegal or not he committed a heinous crime. He was legal
he with the support of real Americans will crush all enemies both foreign & domestic, starting with modern Democratic Party
who the hell are you?? Youre about politics as usual. U will never be re-elected!!
From the ninth circus?What a kangaroo court that is.Ninth's ruling will be overturned by #SCOTUS as 19 of last 20 have been.
@whitehouserogue - Senator care to go on record that you will vote in favor of #Impeachment?
what are you smoking?
@lisareneepruitt If he had an iota of tactical sense, he would.  But he is Trump.  Bwahahaha!
Also  Titan Atlas Manufacturing owned by his son.
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/31/business/charleston-sc-titan-atlas-manufacturing.html?action=click&contentCollection=Energy%20%26%20Environment%20&module=RelatedCoverage&region=Marginalia&pgtype=article …
D B Pace Acquisition LLC Can you look into it? It's ONE of Trump's many companies. Being sued for over $4.5million [NYTimes]
You guys  just  licence muslim  to kill  people.I am sure the  family  of those killed by  muslims are grateful to you
thank you for standing up for what's right.
@grandmamlewis thank you Senator!
Don't pat yourself too hard on the back there Dick. Im sure this comment will come back to haunt you. #stolenvalor
you don't really hold hope for him to change, do you? We know who he is, and he will never work for anybody but djt.
guess again liar!!!!
Have you seen his tweet? Doubt he will ever be reasonable. Just lashes out at everyone. Sad.
how abt you just do it as a free thinker?
back from your trip to Vietnam?
Not going to happen, the child doesn't take no very well, wouldn't surprise me for him to stage a attack to prove his point
Doubtful, unlike you, he has all the understanding of our system as a peacock does.
NOPE NEVER!!!
