Lives would have been saved in Las Vegas if no bump stock was sold to the mass murderer - who had an automatic weapon b/c of this device.
The NRA’s proposal for bump stock regulation means more delay, when immediate action is absolutely necessary.
Well you should advised Obama on that. It was his administration that legalized bump stocks.
Now it's up to the Trump administration to make them illegal but they won't because the NRA gives too much money to their campaigns.
Of course -and so should assault  weapons. NRA is offering up bump stocks to avoid a discussion about reinstating the ban on assault weapons
Absolutely.No one here needs a WMD assault rifle like that.And the founding fathers could not have imagined this senario when they wrote 2A
WMD  - wow that is a stretch of terminology - does that make a drunk bus driver a WMD?
Yes.However, drunk bus driver goes to jail. Mass murderers usually die by Cop or kill themselves. False equivilent.
Wow - a bus is a weapon of mass destruction - better invade every country now and all our own states - you love sensationalism
No. But you do! Projection much? Eye of beholder. Guess you are okay with it.Most living beings arent.Bye bye

@JacobAWohl NRA makes mass murder possible via $. Solution-Replace NRA with an assoctn whose policies reflect desires of maj of gun owners
Lol you've lost your mind.  Very Telling
Yes, thank you bot man.
Spoken like a fake soldier
Hey Dick, Are they using "Common Core Math" logic to calculate my Tweet Activity because my "Impressions" and "Engagements" counts seem F.U!
semi-automatic and automatics should be confined to ranges or banned altogether.  Then, bump stocks mean nothing.  NRA = deception and evil.
another know nothing personall bolt actions can be made full auto. Non mechanical people are stupid
Shut up lier
The NRA built an empire based on amendment that was written so we could shoot wild turkeys for thanksgiving dinner.
LMAO Michael time to read the constitution not your own narrative
Bump stocks are just the 'flavor' of today. There are many *kits* and *gadgets* that will do the same thing. They must all be banned...
Lol you going to ban fingers and belt loops.  Spoken like someone that doesnt even know how they work.
There is a federal agency that oversees this technology - let them do their job and don't seem outraged if you don't like it after the fact
No wonder I don't trust most anti-2nd Amendment types like you. Try to meet you in the middle and you just won't budge, U dig in + name call
Shut up lier you have no standing in America you lied about your service or lack there of .
Why didn't you do anything about bump stock before this tragedy oh wait you always wait for bad things to happen then u start the bandwagon
Explain to me HOW that would have solved ANYTHING?
I find it odd that my Tweet Activity shows more "Engagements" than "Impressions". Is that possible? Must be "Common Core Math" they use!
How would have that saved lives? ...
The NRA BUI
Does anybody know where the NRA gets all that money. Gun manufacturers!  Just ask the FBI!
Hell no ban murder of babies instead
No Obama agreeing to allow something that'll turn semis into full autos is dangerous and deceptive. Now their here and we have to work it..
Cain and Able Richard Blumenthal...Cain and Able
Although I don't see the reason for a bump stock. Cain didn't use one to kill Able. You can't stop killers that are set on killing
What is a false flag, Richard? Is it a government op designed to scare the public into surrendering personal freedom to the State?
Yes they should be, Senator! Completely banned.
What about belt loops ??
Sure. People will just build there own.  Ban mental people instead.
Richard your boy Murphy used tragedy to raise campaign funds shocker?
I agree 10,000 % they shld b banned rght now today and not wait another sec no one dnt need anything like tht NO ONE EVER
How long have you been in DC and never once raised bump stocks as a concern...you should ask Obama why his admin gave the green light?
Never heard you say one word about bump sticks until recently... why?

Do you disavow #HarveyWeinstein, publicly?
Blummie you are deceptive and dangerous
Total dodge! Long fight ahead
Knee jerk reaction dick as always
Don't you have the sense to welcome the NRA support rather than to attack like usual?  http://connecticutcomments.blogspot.com/2017/10/sometimes-you-just-cant-win.html …
Typical @SenBlumenthal gets as giddy as a school girl during these events to raise money and pass his agenda disliked by many.
https://twitter.com/VicBergerIV/status/916272597935017986 …
Bump stocks can be legal if assault rifles are made illegal.
#stolenvalor
You can bump fire with a pair of jeans and a belt loop.. Ban belt loops! You people don't know what the hell you're talking about
Why didn’t you do something during the approval of bump stocks during the Obamacare admin?
You probably didn't even know what a bump stock was before this happened.. thank God for Google....
Why did the Obama administration make them legal?
How is it deceptive? Hate against NRA is misplaced.
I'll help you, it was the only right that was followed by "SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED".
Yes, we know you won't be satisfied short of a REPEAL of the 2nd Amendment.. No, we don't give a scrap what you think.


ALL assault weapons should be banned.
Can you stop for one second being a leftist puppet mouthpiece and actually take stock that they are actually willing to help on this.
Here's another story about your donor.
they were allowed by the last administration, twice.
& the ridiculous notion that they require silencers for hunting. What? cause having a gun is not enough of an advantage against their prey?
RICHARD The congress must react on #PuertoRico you must ask for some super emergency response from congress, this is alarming how ugly this is going to become if not...
All that will is increase automatic reconfig on semiauto and much more dangerous.
Who deregulated bump stocks? Obama administration. Where were you then? Your nauseating!
how many crimes have those been utilized in?
One with 58 dead is enough.
now do automobile fatalities, ill wait.
Bump stock is a deadly toy, a car is a tool. We a lot to make cars safer.
and yet people abuse them and kill innocents. Are u responsible for their misuse? I agree bumpstock is trash
When President Trump describes the Las Vegas shooter he sounds like he’s describing himself sick and Do arranged!
DeRange
Active Measures Alert!! shoooBOT
Where do you get this stuff? FOX, Alex Jones?You need 2 verifyAnyone but a Trump voter would believe this.TROLL.....
So should abortions but those are actually involve killing living humans and not molded plastic parts so....
Murder should be banned completely -right now.
Check the internet.  A strong rubber band can do the same thing. Gonna ban them? Stop wasting time. You can't legislate behavoir.
Ban them.  Some will be stopped and even one is enough.
Ban thugs for starters
I disagree.  That device proves brutal BUT NOT BEING PERMITTED TO BRING ANY weapon into a place of public accommodation would have been best
Best for what?
Why? It will do nothing.
What about Gat Triggers?
You are right. Take care of it. Get it done. That's your job.
We dont want WMD in R schools concerts,any public venue or Private.No one needs these Rifles.2A  never imagined this.No one wants your guns
Keep your guns. NIX WMD
NRA hoping to make bump stocks
central issue thinking will be enough
of a concision!
NOT NEARLY ENOUGH!
It's time for common sense GUN LAWS!
You guys continue to prove our point. You say do “anything” for more gun laws. When the nra does something, it’s not good enough. SMH.
Bot
On what grounds asshole?  A week ago you didn't know what one was?
Plain and simple.  @SenBlumenthal looks to create political lines.  He offers nothing serious or substantial.
You know its a ploy..
@1stAmendmentJ the Obama phone and the Obama bump stock we're the only two good things he did.
Verify your your source please.
Superior large Brain.
More like Russian bot.

Those with a legacy of perpetual lies about miitary service in order to be elected to the US Senate should be banned completely - right now.
Let’s not check the facts before we act, we might change our minds.
Obama approved bump stocks. They were authorized under his term 
#ThanksObama
tax reform must include removing all tax exemptions from NRA, disgusting how NRA is cowed down to
THROW SOME CRUMBS AND PROTECT THE LOAF..
No they shouldn’t
Seriously! You need to get off your high horse. The @NRA had 0 to do with this madman. Worry about helping @DanMalloyCT get CT out of debt!
Great, agree, now go do it.
Why does the NRA dictate what Congress should already know to do. Who's ruining this country? NRA!?
It ain't CONGRESS!
The House.
the stolen valor politician speaks. pleeeease just shut up. give me anyone else but you speaking on issues.
Why do you think it is ok to raise $ from a tragedy?
It’s a crumb to distract us, means nothing
Who is "us" ?
Why does it have a flavor of the NRA gets a day in what Congress should have power over. Blood money?
Say
They support Gop with Campaign money.
I agree completely
Government is dangerous and deceptive; until they give up their weapons, the People have every right to equal arms to protect from Gov't #2A
How about "any device that allows a gun to shoot more bullets per second then it was designed for".
Move to #IMPEACH Trump.
for what and no there's no colusion with russians
