So u know mueller is breaking law and u condone it . I'm gonna contact bar association see if I can make ethics complaint as as an American
What state is Mueller registered with the Bar? That would be a great start to send a Ethics complaint to against his law license.
Prob District of Columbia
Yeah, dream on.  And stop watching Fox.
LOL!! Agree 100%. Maybe he's watching Trump TV.
or is a Russian BOT
Yes Dick Blumenthal was a federal prosecutor but not since 1981.  Have to fact check everything this man says much like Brian Williams.
Sessions, Miller & Bannon have no business working in the public trust. Their little White Power Conspiracy is what is threatening lives.
Wow Blumenthal you're being absolutely obliterated in the court of public opinion.  Hah!  Karma. It's a thing.  Stop defending the deepstate
You also know what it is like to have no accountability for your actions.... especially as a federal prosecutor.
It is important for press to put out top secret information to assist criminal felons.
...You mean freedom to lie? The press is corrupt - everyone knows it.... and you were found to be a liar many months ago.... 
As former federal prosecutor, turn yourself in, demand charges be filed against yourself for stolen honor
#LyingRichard 
#CrookedBlumenthal
Amen to that!

& its people like you who want to END a free press in America- long live Info Wars Drudge & Breitbart- Your 'bullying' will be futile!
did you lie as a prosecutor???
Your Russia, Russia crying is just as pathetic as the others of your sinking cry baby party! Where's the evidence and when will this end!
Thanks for respecting our Constitution Sir.
Lmao..
As a former federal prosecutor..I've learned to lie about everything including serving in a war I loss 4 family members in...
Why don't you do something about voter fraud in CT. We know it is happening. Or would that implicate you in getting elected because of fraud
Hmmmm..  But the President isn't free to call you out on your lies about serving in Vietnam? #DemDBLstandard
How about insulting the memories of 58,200 who didn't come back from Vietnam.  Or the 1600 still unaccounted for? Where is their justice?
Are you a Russian BOT?
So much for mainstream media #FakeNews
5 deferments
Claims to have deployed to Vietnam multiple times
#stolenvalour
You mean the press that is owned and controlled by Rich Liberals that espouse ONLY THEIR political views rather than balanced news ??
Excellent point
interesting that YOU were a fed prosecutor, with all the lies you told about your service in VietNam.
"Press freedom?" Do you mean the freedom of US #MSM to operate as @HillaryClinton PR machine?
Then you of all people know that Hillary broke the law and should be prosecuted.  And, former DNC chairwoman should be also!!!
Incorrect. Constitution suspended since 911 from COG continuity. Laws seem only 2 apply to non-anarcho-elite plebes

https://webbrain.com/brainpage/brain/2E468BC6-2D8A-9E60-A281-E96CA47AD83E#-155 …
HOW ABOUT #PRESS #INTEGRITY!!!!!  CRAWL BACK UNDER THE ROCK YOU CRAWLED OUT FROM- Youre the last person who should be talking about truth
Dear Senator Blumenthal - Please keep it up! I like the way you are scaring @realdonaldtrump the HUGE crazy orange baffoon!  #resist
As a former "crooked" "dirty" prosecutor.
Yes but in the past three or four years the press has engaged in criminal activity
Any crime is fair game in President Trump investigation? How about STOLEN VALOR SENATOR? There should be a crime against that..wait there is
Are you a Russian BOT?
You were a federal prosecutor? Did you lie on your application form about your military services? Support @POTUS #MAGA
is that why the cia pays cnn?
You should be disbarred for lying about your fake military service
.

#wethepeople #DEMAND #investigations

 #pay2play #bengazi #obamawiretaps #sethrich

 #uraniumdeal 

#gangof8 

.
How important is telling the truth about military service Senator?
Ur a HOAX OF A JOKE
"Press freedom" in lib land means 0 push back. News for you, Acosta, & co. New sheriff. Free speech is a 2 way proposition. Get used to it.
Is it legal toleak or published classified information that damages security of US and do we have a shield law?
Did you lie then as prosecutor or just as a senator  sacks of shit should keep their bags closed lest they release their stench
we love our president !!!
Stolen valor...pathetic

what do u think about a polygraph test for all journalist & media outlets before going public w/knowingly false stories?
Too bad you don't know importance of telling the truth-
Thats why Trump doesn't want a free press!
It can take years to gain the trust of others and in a moment you can lose it all
And you lost it
Prosecutor or not
you've committed stolen valor.

Term Limits!!!!
As a former non-Vietnam vet, do you know how important it is to resign when you liked about being a Vietnam vet?
MSM doesn't serve public or legal sys in fair/objective way! Current MSM hijacked FreePress! We want fact-based, honest+NonPartisan news!
Lol at bots that "like" their own tweets.
LOL, you are a . Bum!
Our rights come w/ responsibilities. Using freedom of press to push an agenda via #FakeNews is abuse of power. Can't yell "Fire" in theater.
Is that your excuse for lying about your  military service. PRESS FREEDOM MY ASS. Jim
Why? Because you know it takes the news media to try these cases in the public because YOU were to incompetent to do in a court room?
Recuse.
Press Freedom, they can report anything now, still not our keeper & could care less what they print, we are not bound by law to trust them
Like identifying those that have committed Stolen Valor, Dick?
Then why aren't you pushing a Hillary Clinton investigation if you're so concerned? #Liar
Sir, what are your thoughts on Trump TV? POTUS' relentless attacks on free press pave the way for propaganda channel
Do you know what telling the truth is? You supported criminal Clinton who used St Dept to get millions paid to her Foundation.  Why is that?
Press freedom is one thing but when they leak classified material that's different.
Sure it does, IF you have a press that reports without the spin.  We don't have that anymore, thanks to the Democrats.
is that the same as "a former veitnam vet"?
What is being called "journalism" today used to be known as "yellow journalism."
Press freedom? How so?

You know how it is to lie through your smile to get elected. How was Vietnam?
Yet you looked the other way in the tarmac@meeting and the Lynch-Comey obstruction.
As a former Vietnam vet...er I mean a prosecutor, is that what I meant?????
That is hard to believe - suspect you were a fed prosecutor who ignored due process
That's why tRump wants to do away with it.
We don't elect the press... seemingly the press is not held accountable for anything they do. That's too much power in the hands of Business
Oh right the freedom to report anything anytime no veracity needed. Sorta like how you represented yourself..  IE STOLEN VALOR..DISGRACED.
MEMORY LANE :~PATHETIC~“I served during the Vietnam era,” he said. “I remember the taunts, the insults, sometimes even physical abuse.
As a former prosecutor do you should know about Perjury like when you lied about serving in Vietnam. Its an insult to those who did serve
Tell us again about your Vietnam heroism
Freedom of conscience is sine qua non in a democracy. Maryland's founder Lord Baltimore ordered colonists respect religious freedom

Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a  phony Vietnam con artist!
The orange blob is insane!  We stand with you.
You also know how to manipulate the press to spread fake news of your "bravery." "Responsible Criminal Justice." Laughable.
Do you know how important press responsibility is?
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a  phony Vietnam con artist!
As a current LIER, you said you were spit on when returning from Vietnam!?  NEVER LEFT THE USA
as former pros u should know better than 2 lie about ur service, or no service, in vietnam! u disgraceful little man who should know better!
Are you on Obamacare or the CT health plan? Given your loud support for ACA hope former;Wouldn't want you to be viewed as being hypocritical
Your opinion and responses are imperative for that reason!
If Mueller was honest and ethical he would have already resigned because of serious material conflicts!!! You are the ultimate in hypocrisy

How about your fraudulent service scandal?
Freedom of the press means freedom to report the truth, not #FakeNews, classified info, or undermining a Prez due to your own politics.
You know stolen valor is a crime you committed
Great post and God Bless you as well.
please prosecute yourself for stolen valor then.
You are another reason why we need to repeal the 17th amendment
guess you don't mind when there is illegal activity  when a party, congress members, and the press colluded with each other
Bring down another party and sitting officials. So much for free press #fakenewswantsstandards amazed that you were elected office.
Press freedom leaking classified information, that makes sense as a former federal prosecutor, really Blumenthal?
How about how serious leaking to put our entire country at risk!
Then please protect it.  It only gets worse from here.

You're a liar or Hillary would be in jail.
Funny how you call out @ChuckGrassley for statements from newspapers, but all your facts on @realDonaldTrump are from newspapers. Hypocrite
If your asssitant felt like it could she just leak your wise thoughts about your last elementary school or nursing home visit? Get a job.
You want us to have the same Insurance as that poor Baby Charlie GARD because You could care less about the people! You have Cadilac INS!
Really then why do they not tell the truth about Obama, Hillery, Rice or Nancy W!! They won't tell the truth and neither will YOU!!!
Of course you guy's would lose with out them. Wait sorry you guy's lost anyway!!!
How about irresponsible press freedom for irresponsible partisan prosecution?
Until the press is on your case.
There's just something not American when our AG threatens the Free Press
You do realize that Jared Kushner has a billion dollar deal with Soros. I bought a Malibu beach house and a Ferrari with my Soros protest $
Really/ lmao. Do we  really  press in this country. But we have  fake news media that is pushing dems bad agenda
Stop sensationalizing and lying.  US press isn't free...it's bought, owned, and controlled by traitors who hate our America
Remember these professional expert results
Not when said free press threatens the sanctity of our national safety
And as a former Vietnam Veteran..oh wait you lied about that.
He has no shame, he's a scumbag like Kerry.
Keep reminding them of the 1st amendment! I'm worried irresponsible justice may be in their game plan.
Why hasn't Sessions been brought before judiciary for lying yet?
Thanks for having their back. Enough with the DofJ trampling the Constitution already
Thank you for the work you're doing. Important and gives hope.
Was that before or after you came back from Vietnam?
