We must provide the kind of relief that will allow all in hurricanes’ wake not only to endure and survive, but eventually thrive.
Neither Puerto Rico nor the Virgin Islands should be required to match or provide a share of money needed for recovery efforts.
Puerto Rico’s debt troubles are no secret, but they cannot impede efforts to help our fellow Americans recover and rebuild.
I will continue pressing for solutions to Puerto Rico’s financial challenges – a result of unfair tax and healthcare laws.
Our job now is to address both immediate recovery needs and long-term financial peril that continues to put Puerto Rico’s economy at risk.
Every single American in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands deserves a robust, immediate response. Let’s get to work.
Thank you sentaor!!
How long will it take? They are dying.
What if? Puerto Rico Defaults on Debt/ TPTB Geo-Engineer Storms & Floods/ People Displaced/ Banks Buy Land Cheap / Build & No Fed Taxes.
They need water, though, not back support. Can you get something done?
not the ones who still follow Trump!  He’s still blaming them and feuding with football players, no time for dark skinned Spanish speakers
Fellow citizens?
We need Bipartisan support to repeal the Jones Act. Do it now !!  #PuertoRicoRelief
When? If it is not now, then is too late.
I'm worried with what the mayor of San Juan said "deaths could be in the hundreds." Please they're Americans 2. This hurts to watch unfold.
And it's shameful for America
Little late senator president already took care of it
I have trouble sleeping at night thinking that we let down our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico in the Virgin Islands, shame on us!
They can't read this.
But till then please help them. It's urgent.
Congress should have the working mans back.
Looks like they are, Sir
I do pray we help them
HURRY UP!  Then we need to take a closer look at there bankruptcy status.
It's inexcusable Puerto Rico's requested aid has not arrived & they are expected to wait another 1-2 weeks! People will die. Why the delay?
We urge you to help expedite the naval hospital docked in Virginia to Puerto Rico! Hundreds will die on the US's watch.
It's docked in Virginia? WTF! What a waste. Washington lost their minds and their hearts.This is insane!This Admin has blood on their hands.
If it was vup to ur party the scum would starve the island all for money
As it should be when is trump going to Puerto Rico?  Soon I hope.
As long as they don't bend over they will be ok.
To my #fakesenator please resign and go away,! You've never had anyone's back but your own!
Your a liar you lied abt Vietnam shame on u
Hope they have a Snake Bite kit too.............
Puerto Rico is in dire need of humanitarian aid now!!
Senator please help get the US Comfort Navel hospital to Puerto Rico sooner than 9 days. Many kids and the elderly will die by the hundreds. Thank you.
No, according to the past few days, they're in their own until @realDonaldTrump puts his twitter down and takes action.
Hope so, God having yours, not looking good!
Actually, millions are alone. Right. Now. Words mean nothing, Senator.
Go back to sleep RB with your proposed health care we would no money to help anybody except irresponsible smokers, eaters and drinkers!
Yes! Puerto Rico needs air drops like Berlin type air drops ordered by President Truman!
Will you be going to help?
WHEN?????
Wall St. has big investments in Puerto Rico. Are they & Trump waiting like buzzards to scoff up real estate as soon as people leave or die?
Please get DHS to waive the Jones Act for Puerto Rico right now as Sen McCain requested. Give the island a fighting chance to get supplies!
Why can helicopters drop in supplies?  Like bags of food rations?  Water?  This is a crisis!!
SOON I hope! This is a  humanitarian disaster happening in the midst of a natural disaster. You need to HURRY before more lives are lost!
Thank you, Senator. The situation here in #PuertoRico is dire. The island needs help NOW! #PuertoRicoRelief #PuertoRicoSeLevanta
WHEN???  There is no time for BS - please help get emergency aid shipped NOW
Get the USNS Comfort there ASAP!  Because Trump isn’t going to.
Yes please!!!
Hurry
Get it done, Senator. Please.
https://youtu.be/lvfg8tn74j8 
If only that were true
They'd better
When?
When? They are in Dire Need Right Now for Help.
When?  Like when their lives go out!
You don't care about anyone liar
That would be a great idea !
Thank you Senator we need as many help as possible. Situation is getting out of control despite the PR government efforts! #LivesInDangers

This is insane. Senator, can we do anything to pressure DHS to reverse this decision?
But not if you need us to waive regulations in order to ship supplies!
Trump's already on it. https://twitter.com/polNewsInfinity/status/912784151786524674 …
As you should Puerto Rico is a state of America.
Surley, U joke!  Congress dosen't have anything!
Soon please
"Will"...
Hurry, Congress.
They need it now!
When?
Can you guys get a move on it please
Well get cracken with your plan stop tweeting and get moving
Please hurry! 
If not @mcuban is already helping...
Send ships with supplies. Dock them there.
God knows the freakin president doesn't.
I hope i can believe you.
Please do not let this be an empty promise. My people are scared and in danger. #PuertoRicansAreAmericans
Thank you Senator!! The need us! They are fellow citizens & we owe them the same support & relief we give to states on the mainland

"I know that leaders aren't supposed to cry...But we are having a humanitarian crisis here," San Juan mayor tells @DavidBegnaud 
When?
Bless you, sir!
Thank you sir.
They need food, water & HELP now, Senator.
EVENTUALLY..........
When will that start?
WHEN??
Hurry, children will die in the hospital-it only has a day or so more of fuel for generator. #SOSPuertoRico
When? You guys weren't in session today? Not in session tomorrow? I'm not trying to be difficult, but this is just words.
Trump tweeted about the NFL for 5 straight days that is precious time lost while our fellow Americans were pleading for someone to help them
What's wrong with you people he has done plenty through all of these crisis! Should he ave a magic wand ?
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats PLEASE help PR NOW even if 45 does little. YOU have power. Use it. Citizens are dying.
Yes! Expedite the naval hospital, military personnel, helicopters and commercial airlines now. This is a Humanitarian crisis that requires humanitarian aid NOW! Use your power to save lives please.
#TheResistance  must also have #PuertoRicoRelief 's back . Let's join @SenBlumenthal  & keep bringing attention 2 this crisis .
Prove it.
by the way, thanks for your service in Vietnam!
people will be dying in the streets before Congress can get their act together.
You are aware it's an island, in a large ocean, right?
Thank you Blumebthel
So I'm guessing that Texas, Florida & the carribean are completely rebuilt?  All residents are back in their homes??
WHEN??? SHOULD IF LISTENED TO BERNIE LAST YEAR
When? Why such a delay?
You imply FEMA and the military are not there and helping. #shameful
Get some Chinooks in the air, they need fuel for generators ASAP, send in some Hueys do something for them Sir, screw the CIC he's lost
Prove it!

When?
Hopefully we can get help fast to Puerto Rico our so called President Trump should not put debt over people they are United States citizens
Where were the #Dems when Wall St was bankrupting Puerto Rico for profit? That's the real cause of this humanitarian crisis.
Awesome! @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems

Yes immediately & yes long term full recovery. Thanks
Looking forward to seeing you on the Island seeing all your hands on getting in there a helping do the dirty dangerous work rebuilding
This guy doesn't have his own back.Think he'd push 4 Safety Railings at stations?Blumenthal Train to PR on way
Work quickly @SenBlumenthal, Please. 
Go get em!
You do realize that’s an island, don’t you? And those boys are still not standing for the anthem.
Pretty sure that Hawaii is an island in middle of big ocean, too, but donald would've had hurricane aid to them a week ago. #PuertoRico
Hurry up!
POTUS just said PR is a big island surrounded by a big ocean, a big ocean. Really? Get ships there to help these people!
He's fucking retarded
When? When do you think? Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz is crying during an interview she's so worried by what she's seen & by the lack of help.
Go take a trip on your yacht...registered in RI to avoid CT taxes...our POTUS has it covered
Wow...your mastery of the English language is showing 
Yes it is, and just think, I'm not even pissed yet!!
Well aren't you special 
Of course I am, now troll alone and find you someone else to play with
Seems to me you were doing the trolling
Wrong again
Why doesn't Congress have America's back and #ImpeachTrump ??
