Sessions & Rosenstein must answer for their abject failure to safeguard FBI from Trump's bullying and intimidation.
cowardly of both not to confront Trump, leaving Comey to the wolves. Comey left honorably -can't say that will be the case for those two!
The only bullies in this situation are the democrats and fake news continuously pursuing and implying the so called colluding   Theory
If a preponderance of evidence shows Trump & Co. broke laws w/ Russia, will you still have blind allegiance to the man and not our county?
Denise, it's is a counter intelligence investigation. Trump is NOT under investigation. No collusion. Read Comey testimony!
That was in March. Sooooooo much more info has come out AND since he disrespected NATO, those nations are give our Spc Prosecutor intel.
No Denise, you are incredibly wrong! Comey left on May 8th. Trump NOT under investigation and never has been.
U keep defending DJT yet what is MORE IMPORTANT than Trump is WHAT RUSSIA DID TO OUR ELECTION. What say you about THAT?
I agree that is very important.
I haven't defended him, I've asked you where you got all the info you posted.
We would go I don't think you can cook but you definitely do not belong in Congress
I want @realDonaldTrump under oath too  and subpoena those fucking tapes 
Oaths don't matter to him.
This is true he did take the "oath" of office not that that matters 
Are y'all going to subpoena "tapes" Trump referred to?
There are no tapes, if there were & backed rump up he'd release them. As usual he's a liar. I never believed there were tapes.
yep either way he lied.. inferred "tapes" &weren't any or there are tapes and he lied about substance of convo and tapes would prove it
You sure there are no tapes? It's well known that Trump taped all conversations before POTUS. If so, tape may prove more Comey misstatements
Sure.. he would've released them .if he had and they "vindicated" him  thus he either doesn't have, erased them or they prove Comey right
DOJ today issued a statement showing Comey not 100% truthful!
Ur worship of ur Golden Idol ain't gonna work in the end....he's a crook, bully and all around p.o.s
I'm no Trump fanatic. I resent Dems stopping Washington based on a lie that Trump was under investigation. You'd hate any GOP POTUS.
Hahaha...from a confirmed liar...continuing lying until this day.
Abortion is murder. The practice of homosexuality is a sin. Repent and turn to God for forgiveness for supporting these evils.
You should not be so quick to judge didn't the senator lie about his military career ?
It's time for you to start acting like a senator because the only thing Americans care about is healthcare taxes. You lie about everything
Waste more time and money Richard. Nothing will come out of this
why don't you help people of CT. Why can't you find something that will help economy of CT ? Do U have ideas ?
You remind me of Bozo the clown!!! You should publicly apologize to Trump now that you know he was never subject to investigation by Comey
You and the rest of .@TheDemocrats aren't good enough to shine.@jeffsessions shoes.
Your comments are ludicrous!!! Wake up
Indeed. And Sessions needs a career change.

5. Not *one* reporter connected Kushner's Chinese debts or the $17+ billion Kushner, Schwarzman, Trump took from China to them killing TPP 
@SenBlumenthal why don't we investigate Stolen Valor a real criminal act not lies from a disgruntled ex-employee
the thing I don't understand is you and I and  Americans know he's a #hugly #bigly #LiarInChief do you think under oath will change the liar
They'll get together to get their story straight for the next hearing
Senator, I think you're great. Very sound, honest and clear. Thanks for your service. Shalom. 
SENATOR, SUBPOENA ROGERS AND COATS!!! PUBLIC HAS A RIGHT TO KNOW!!! TESTIFY IN OPEN SESSION!!!
AG Sessions Already LIED about Russian contacts on both his Security Clearance & in his Senate confirmation hearing. He's Guilty of Perjury!
Oh, Hell yeah
& Can We get a list of ever country the Trump transition team requested a #backchannel for, since its so common
Exaggerate much, Sen Stolen Valor?
We R all seasoned prosecutors; we just know Mueller has deposition subpoenas ready to go. Only question, will they duck service. Probably.
What's the point? He's lied under oath before. What's different. Lock Them Up! DJT & AG
so make it happen Dick....   this is disgusting what we all are going through..
Hilarious coming from a  senator who lied about his Vietnam service. U can't make this stuff up.  What low life hypocrites!
America has the right to know the truth. We demand it.
Could you get them to bring "ANY EVIDENCE OF RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE" @jeffsessions Not Intel Testimony. EVIDENCE. PLEASE @wolfblitzer #cnn
You really need to subpoena AG Lynch to question her regarding her obstruction of justice brought to light by Comey testimony #ComeyHearing
They'll just lie.
Time for you to resign for lying about Vietnam.
Well they have to be asked to appear....
Coats, McCabe & Rogers need to come clean, too. Keep up the fight. We need serious action before we can't fix us anymore.
U admitted on CNN using their reports as evidence and part of your decision making! That can b made from what u said! C how moronic u think
Yes!

It's time for them to resign and be charged with complicity with the Russians
Apparently Trump says he's 100% willing to testify under oath that Comey lied about being asked for loyalty & dropping Flynn investigation.
Let's bring 45 on down - he said he is willing!
What would it take to force Trump to testify under oath? Anything short of an impeachment trial?
Been saying this for weeks. I sent info to so many Sen , and Rep. Nothing ever happens.
Get lost!! do ur job for the people and stop your obstruction
Here's the problem. They will pull a Rogers/Coates.
I agree. Thank you Senator Blumenthal.
Sessions lied under oath during confirmation hearing .Would any American citizen believe Congress will hold him accountable for his words?
Thank you for your hard work.
How long till the American public demand an end to this witch hunt against their president by the deep state! Time & money wasted  fake news
And resign
It's time for you to retire, go back to your filthy rich family, and leave CT and the US alone.
Could not agree more. Something extremely shady lies beneath their many layers of deceit.
That's if they will tell the truth!  Lies have become the norm of this WH!
And please include AG Lynch for interfering with a criminal investigation for political purposes !
Please get it done.  Our national security continues to be at risk.
Where was your outrage when the obummer admin was abusing their powers...you dems are all hypocrites!
Agree. So who's going to make that happen? @senjudiciary

Just don't let McCain question them. 
You should have a deputy ready with handcuffs when they are in contempt of Congress and refuse to tell the truth based on their "feelings"
And 2B prepared 2testify No more of this BS refusing 2testify If they can't testify under oath they should be
Ag Sessions has lied under oath before. He will lie again.
For what exactly?
We have already seen Sessions lie under oath.  What makes you think he won't continue to do that again and again?
Follow the bouncing ball leftists. Yesterday, NOTHING was found - so move on to this. Pathetic!
Coming from a known liar.  You people are ridiculous.
Time for you @SenBlumenthal to do the work of the people and lower the national debt.
Sessions not so good with oaths either what with the old Russia thang. Still, he is new to government bless him.
What's the point if the Senate will accept, "Gee, I don't feel like answering" and has already let Sessions slide for perjury?
Its time for you to get back to work and let Robert Mueller conduct the investigation.
Why, so they can talk about how they can't talk about it?
Or in a court.
Trump should appear under oath as well
Transparency has a camouflaged definition with this administration.
You're an embarrassment to USA & CT #hypocriteliberal @FoxNews @CTGOP @The_RGA @Heritage
Why have a special prosecutor if you continue to push for a faux Senate trial to avoid the legislative agenda. Sounds politically motivated
They can be under oath and just refuse to answer questions. We saw the effect the oath had Wednesday. Senates options seem limited.
It's time for the president to appear under oath and address the issues of his campaign (or his "satalites")
Absolutely!
Sessions may well lie again. He certainly did when questioned for AG. Fear of perjury evidently doesn't scare him.
Yes!
Except @jeffsessions has already shown that he's willing to lie under oath, right?
How about Loretta Lynch

Absolutely!
Let's get back to the business of healthcare and tax reform. Small business is suffering!!!
Because Sessions would never perjure himself under oath.
Dick.  How about you and your friend jimmy bring jobs back to ct?  Get off the twitter and TV and get to work.
YES!
Trumplicans in Congress are turning a blind eye to perjury, conspiracy, coercion & lies in this WH! Time to put country first!
After Comey, it appears that @AGLynch was unknowingly on deck.
You should do the same and defend your stolen valor claims, lowlife
Didn't Sessions already lie under oath??
Could you just get to work already. Enough with the Russian narrative. It died yesterday.
Long overdue  #resist
Why because the answers you got from Comey killed your whole investigation? More fishing
It's time for you Dems to get back to work on behalf of the American people. Enough of your nonsense! #MAGA
Time for you to do your job and fix your state . Stop grandstanding !
Tuesday for the elf.
better yet, how about hillary, holder, obama, and lynch to name a few
Do you really think those two give a hoot about putting their hands on a Bible?
why?  Why don't you get to work.  This is really wasteful
I believe #Democrats are attempting to waste as much money and time as possible, before producing real results for their constituents
Do it, I'm always down to watch the Dems narrative fail, over and over and over again.
@freewimin @senjudiciary under penalty of something truly unpleasant

I bet you dont want them to find out more about sethrich
comey was & is a problem as well as past justice department.  Start calling them in &uwont seem so hypocritical
knock all this off!!!!! what the hell are you doing to our democracy! are u afraid to work
The spectacle of the AG taking the 5th would be "must see TV!"
Isn't Sessions coming Tuesday?
Rosenstein won't answer any questions
Hoping he is lined up next. I actually expect Sessions to be "busy" and cancel.
Yes sir, he does. Get him sir.
We all know how seriously Sessions takes telling the truth under oath...
Since Sessions has stated publicly that those that perjure themselves should be prosecuted to the full extent of the law--hell to the yeah!!
Hey, maybe you should get Loretta Lynch in too. That would be pretty interesting!
Please give it up... get to work
Go get 'em.
Time to Impeach LIARTRUMP his action have caused harm to America democracy freedom and American security
It's time for Session to resign. He LIED to the Senate and on his FBI clearance form
That doesn't mean they'll tell the truth.
if you really want truth then add Loretta Lynch and Susan Rice to that list
Dude, I want this Admin to go down as bad as you (prolly worse). But, we both know that ain't happenin' w/out immunity. 'Ware the US v North
and then refuse to answer any questions-like rest of gang
Where is your outrage at the collusion of AG Lynch with the HRC campaign. Call for a special council for this illegality
Sessions has lied under oath before. What makes you think this time would be different? #ComeyDay
he learned it from hillary
When?
We know how well that worked the first time
As Captain Picard would say, "Make it so." #Sessions #Rosenstein
As should u
Sessions was under oath already and he lied. If there are no consequences what would stop him lying again?
Yes it's time we get to the bottom of Lynch pressuring Comey to downplay Clinton "INVESTIGATION
What makes you think they will answer the questions? They would probably work around the questions like the pair the other day.
It's called get the facts before you convict.  The treatment of the @POTUS by you and our other senator is disgraceful. #8moreyears
Hey. You're a senator. Make it happen. Tomorrow.

And also make the Wall Of Four, #Coats #Rogers #Rosenstein and #McCabe, actually answer.
Add Coats and Rogers to the list.
Coats and Rogers as well.
Yes!
Why? You people are beating this to death and there is NOTHING THERE! Stop it already! Comey leaked his own shit & was a slave to Lynch!
Shouldn't lying while under oath during your confirmation hearings to become the Attorney General of the United States be disqualifying?
You'd think. This whole admin blows.
Thank you Senator, give them all HELL make our Country safe again! Imprison TRUMP FAMILY n Any #GOP or billionaires INVOLVED!
OBAMA IS NO LONGER PRES. THANK GOD! STAY WITH THE FUTURE
As long as trump is in our White House we have no future, no allies, no honesty!
You remain a sock puppet, a hack, a classic unbearable politician...listening for no other purpose but to disagree. No style, nothing. Ugh.
So that they can decline to answer questions and not even face contempt charges?
Keep n mind- top brass setting table. Comey on record now. Jared on Tues. Sessions 6/17. All exits being cut off. Trump will b last testimny
And actually answer some questions!!
Sessions and kushner June 13 10am oh boy two weasels let's see them under oath !! And LIE
It's over. No collusion, no obstruction. Stop wasting taxpayer money. Americans hate you. Go back to lying about your military record.
Absolutely and as soon as possible !
You suck, why don't u fix your state which is very near bankruptcy because of liberal policies that you endorse.
I wish I had your equanimity...Trump response to Comey is typical but unnerving.
They are all a bunch of liars. Don't know why it's so shocking to me.
Yes, thank you for pushing this.
  oh.....you're serious?
Under oath doesn't matter to Sessions he committed perjury before congress already! Doing it again wouldn't bother him.
Keep fanning the flames of bs lady.Sessions did not perjure himself w/Franken.
Oath means nothing to Jeff Sessions. He will lie again.
Thank you and please.....persist.
@TheKoolcat01 @senjudiciary Doesn't seem Rosenstein will answer your questions He doesn't talk about conversations w/pres
What about the AG's pesky little perjury habit??
Sessions has no problem avoiding the truth while under oath. Question is, when will he be fired for doing so? How many times does it take?
Sessions has dirt on this administration. Mueller will need to rid us of sessions. Session flips is my bet.
Yes indeed
Didn't go so well for Comey today eh. Now running with bullying? How so? Lynch did more to bully Comey. R U concerned with that? Partisan
Uh, Sessions is scheduled to meet, in public, on Tuesday at 10:00AM. Not sure which Senate Committee. Info was just on @maddow
I agree!  Keep up the fight to preserve our nations and its laws!
Thank you Senator!
Yes @tedlieu @KamalaHarris @RepAlGreen @JoyAnnReid @angela_rye @davidaxelrod @tribelaw @RepAdamSchiff @SenWarren @alfranken @kylegriffin1

Let's roll.
maybe this time they will provide FACTS not  'FEELS' 'we need these Russian Agents/Justice Obstructionists out of office or big protests
yes!
No, Richard. It's time for you to stop wasting everyone's time so @realDonaldTrump can do even more of what we elected him to do.
fake russsia acct ^^
^^stupid bi1ch account
a thousand times YES
Yes it Is!
Thank you.
how about former AG Lynch and Rice a roni
We already know Sessions will lie under oath. The oath is meaningless to him.
How is Jeff Sessions able to maintain his security clearance?
Or Sessions will chicken out like he did on two previous occasions.

Yes sir it is asap. Thank you Sir.
