There is 340 million Americans! 95% don't want single payer! I'm in healthcare and it will destroy the system. Bernie failed his state!
False. Source is also at the bottom before you claim "source?" and "Fake News!"
Also, if you're in healthcare your education scares the crap out of me.
It works best for entitled people like yourself that are to lazy to get a job! It will destroy the healthcare system and the quality of care
I work 2 jobs actually  It doesn't benefit "you" because it would disrupt your career, and to that I say:
Buddy you don't even know what work looks likego take some more selfies. BTW taking selfies and protesting aren't jobs!
Actually I'm a supervisor for both my retail job AND office job at my university on top of my classes so I think I have a good idea 
So tell me how and who would pay for single payer healthcare?Because if your working 2 jobs your checks would now he half of what they r now
These Four Countries Prove That Decriminalization Works Better Than Prohibition | TheInfluence http://bit.ly/2shR7Zi 
Please show me where in The Constitution it says healthcare is a right
Portugal decriminalised drugs 14 years ago – and now hardly anyone dies from overdosing | The Independent
Thought we needed to keep the ACA because "replacement" would be evil, the end of mankind.  Now, that's changed?  We need to replace it?
You get free healthcare from CT for you and your wife - don't lecture us who are paying extremely high premiums with HUGH deductibles
But wasn't that already supposed to happen under the ACA? Pretty sure Dems said that was one of the reasons we needed to keep it.
Your party knows nothing about 'Change'. Change is what you've left the tax payer. May as well have just staid a province of Great Britain.
In many ways America's addiction to FOXNews is worse than the opioid crisis; America's addiction to FOXNews thwarts opioid recovery.
People seem More concerned with helping those that choose to Abuse themselves and hurt others! Discrimination is denying REASONABLE needs
New taxes required for Medicare for All is $3.2 trillion. Current federal spending is $3.8 trillion. Taxes will double. You are in favor?
I just said no to drugs.  Nancy Reagan had a better plan that worked.
Rich,  you told us obumercare was Care for ALL and covered everything! LYARS LYARS! You Government shits get out of healthcare insurance!
say no to single payer insurance.It will never pass move on
No, this will not happen.  Your attempt at enslaving the entire population is dead in its tracks.  Shills.
Every congress person uses Obamacare.  They have to buy insurance off the market. Senators decide US policy not state policy, blame gop.
The GOP in the state House you dummy. You know the ones who control the state budget and have refused to cooperate.
… do you fundamentally not understand the structure of US Govt. State house reps vote on state budget. State senators vote on federal budget
Socialist ? Just as I thought, why not move?

Sigh, I don't want to pay for their addiction treatment! You pay for it! Personal freedom of choice! #fakesenator
Hopefully we are still a free society and people need to take responsibility for their own behavior! Socialism has proven not to work.
Just like the outstanding service the VA provide's! Why @SenJohnMcCain and yourself  do you not have VA healthcare?
#MedicareForAll is dead. Can't have national healthcare in an open borders welfare state.
I hope you can pass it.
democrats are pre ordaining Bernie 3 yrs before the convention:) Bernie's wife bankrupt an institution of higher learning:)

No!  Venezuela
Don't let them fool you government control of your health will be a major disaster. You'll discover government doctors are controlled
And the pharmaceutical and insurance lobbies will join hands with us and sing the national anthem? They own most congressmn
People are having hip replacements in Belgium because the waiting lines are too long in England. They're paying out of pocket
Once the government controls decisions made about your health you will have no control. There will be long waiting lines and no choice
If you think the insurance companies won't pay for your Lyme disease treatment, just wait until the government has control over your health.
Senator Blumenthal knows true corruption. He's seen it in the Lyme Wars. And he now is supporting the government to control your treatment.
Senator Blumenthal I am totally disappointed in you you of all people wanting single-payer healthcare. You a Lyme advocate
Get Chris Murphy to support it.  There is no excuse for his lack of support.
That's okay.  They have the freedom to choose addiction and the freedom to find a way out. Not my obligation.
You need to go back to Vietnam where you have never been remember that
Thank you Senator Blumenthal for cosponsoring #Medicare4All
Bluminthal and Sanders - Figures: Viet Nam war hero and a Socialist. Shut up & sit down! 
Fake New, Fake War Hero, real lier and hyprocrite
NO we do not want socialized medicine EVER
You do realize republicans control everything & they won't go for this. Not until Dem's have control so right now save ACA
Medicare for all won't work , for Christ sake does anyone have a fucking brain.

And how will it be paid for??
I didn't make them take the drugs; I should not have to pay to get them clean. Get the money from healthcare providers that got them hooked
Somebody wake Bernie up
Can you send the public a link to the bill? It doesn't seem like anyone in Congress has admitted to actually reading it.
treatment??? It's called JUST SAY NO
Re #Medicare4All -If you have ins you are a lucky why change? If u don't you're at the mercy of politics or greedy ins/drug companies-HELP!
There wouldn't be an addition problem if u didn't support open borders allowing the drugs in. And Ct's healthcare system already is a fraud.
Hanoi Richard
Great pair - a socialest and a fake Viet Nam Vet. I'm sure alot of great ideas will xome from them!
Millions of Americans can't seek treatment for addiction because drugs are illegal.
Ha!! More empty promises.
Unless someone is tied up and force fed drugs until they become an addict, then that is a lifestyle choice that taxpayers shouldn't pay for.
Let pass the law.
Whatever Healthcare Congress get
The people get the same
@SenToomey must hate you.
Why can Americans get the same healthcare same as Congress
Me and Teddy Cruz are addicted to internet porn. Huh? Whats that Ted? Whats internet corn? Your addicted to internet corn? Seriously sick.
Addicts Waste of taxpayers money!  Less idiotic on welfare, food stamps, free health, Phone N free drugs To Get Off Drugs!
Oh BS. You've already said we can't repeal because of all the people using Medicaid for treatment. Make up your mind.
Good I can get hooked and someone will pay for it. Build the Wall and stop giving medication like Jelly beans
Thank you from the American people!!!
Hey Math Whiz - tell me how much this is going to cost and how much it will raise my taxes - better yet - what pgms r u willing to cut?
not unless you have a parallel plan to make sure they take RESPONSIBILITY for their addictions - my taxpayer dollars are not there for that
Sounds fair!
No they did want treatments! Wanted to b addicts! Suboxone™  @FDArecalls when was that approved nicotine patch ©™®arrest EU failures
Debate Fact addicts addictions practices are killing large numbers of a population! This not Africa @elonmusk not licensed ®™©Arrest 
this needs to be phased in...so millions of people in insurance jobs don't lose their jobs...come on!! think through this
Senator, you never responded to my letters about tiger direct ripping me off in 2005 #dissapointed
