Medicare for all..what could possibly go wrong with that.. except politicians screwing Americans over and over again. Worst idea ever
What part of Obamacare is gov controlled health care? There isn't even a gov insurance in the market available for all.
...basically you will just pay for a better health insurance, once that covers you, and all, in full. Will be cheaper and better, just that
Incompetent gov handles 911 pretty well, even in the times when a real incompetent is on the office
LET'S

WIN

THIS
Senator has joined the ranks of Chavez,Castro,Mao,Lenin Putin,Marx,Che,all brought ultimate tyranny to their people by giving them rights.
That's simply not true. France, UK and a huge number of countries have universal health care and I hope you know they are democracies
Yes they have democracy but they don't have individual freedom and unalienable natural rights.
Where do you get that from? There is not democracy without individual freedom and unalienable natural rights.
I'll start with hate speech laws and that their rights come from government.
Well, in America you can't drink on the street, or have a bar selling alcohol after 2am. Every country has its own laws, still a democracy
My point is that a democracy with out a limited government is tyranny. Pure democracy is 2 wolves and 1 sheep voting on what's for dinner.
I dont get people who don't want to help others.
I don't get people who think that a government that takes what it wants by force is helping anyone.
You feel that strongly about my comment you really spend the energy to leave me a comment  lol. Whatever go ahead argue idc.
Single payer is not helping. It is a horrible idea.

Healthcare- Our race to beat Single Payer Insurance
I was in a single payer system once. It was the army.  I am just saying system like that would help lot of people.
First, thank you for your service!

Second, the Army system is taxpayer subsidized, struggling to handle 130,000. Multiply that by 25,000.
Its a model that can be looked at. We can at least try. You never make a shot you don't take. Do we care about Americans or not?
I care about my kids more than anything. Taking a shot at single payer ISN'T harmless. It risks peoples financial futures.
Only if the entire country is using it senate congress also
Thank you
Fool
Thank you. 
Call Congress House and Senate  Dems & Repubs  ALL
Tell them #MedicareForAll is what you want
Yep.  while you are calling congress remind them that Nov 2018 is just around the corner.  
Yet another "Democrat" I mean Communist.
YESSSSSSSSSS
While your at it why not make the same thing happen for college education #educationisaright
Thank you....thank you....thank you
What's the next thing our tax $ will have to pay for?... Annual vacations?  Already so; Automobiles? Oops.. what doesn't it buy? #UwantVotes
Because vacations are the same thing as making sure people don't die because they can't afford their cancer treatment
So Obamacare was a lie?
Socialized medicine doesn't work! Further your progressive liberal socialist party doesn't work for Americans
Bernie wants 2 cancel all employer/personal health policies.
@SenSander65s we waited till we got 65.they sho
Nooooooooooooooo
Some people choose to not take care of their health.  That is not a luxury or a right! I have known both types of human beings!!
thank you Senator Blumenthal. now can you talk to Chris Murphy about it?
The middle class is going broke with Obamacare. Any couple making over $70K gets absolutely screwed. Go back to pre Obamacare!
The only "right" you have is freedom.  Freedom is really hard and truly difficult but the only answer.
yes wonderful prayers to make it right for all the people in americaamerica has always been greatcaring &good intentions..
Liar liar liar
Thank you. Really appreciate this, but please encourage your colleagues to do the right thing and support this too. Americans need it.
Single payer is . Obamacare was designed to fail. Sheeple

Healthcare- Our race to beat Single Payer Insurance
Your party already screwed up everything with Obamacare! You think we're going to trust you with single payer?
What does our health survival have to do with parties?
Who wrote the Obamacare law? Democrats. A political party.
This is very exciting.
I am from Ct and I strongly support single payer, inclusion of Community Health Workers as providers to end disparities.
How much extra do you currently pay for someone else's healthcare? Or do you just expect the wealthy to pay the bill?
We have a health care system that no one, not even the rich, can afford. I don't want to make insurers and pharmaceutical companies richer.
Marking apple samsung or Twitter richer lol! Dunno happy they provide jobs and money back to the economy!
You are pretty good at making big judgments with little information.
And so are you, tons of assumptions and are willing to destroy hundreds of thousands of jobs based on them
Actually, he's the senator for your state. Not your town.
That's Bull----! Yore only for it because you're wealthy and can afford great healthcare! We DON,T want single payer
Why don' we want single payer? Why do only wealthy people get to be healthy?
I guess u do since u & others would make sure u still have better care than the peons. #Americans are not stupid. 
Yaaaaaasssssss
Our taxes will go up. It will increase the debt and deficit. Waiting time for medical care will increase. What's so good about that
That's only true if it's selective surgery. Dying shouldn't be the option.
No necessarily. Friend in Canada had to wait three months for an MRI...
Yea I'm sure you have a "friend". Here's a US senator and a Canadian doctor discussing this trope:
Single is BS. Socialized medicine is HATED in foreign countries.
FIX ACA... Do YOU want for yourself, an HMO? FIX ACA....Bernie is a leach.
Nice! Always thought you were sensible Rich. It's actually fiscally responsible AND helps people!
Bernie is leading all of you Senators down his fairytale garden path. We'll lose in 2018. SMH.
I'm a Democrat for 30 yrs. This is a unicorn bill, w. no details on how to pay for it. Work realistically so something can get done.
DO YOUR JOB!...FIX OBAMACARE!
You spoke very well during the announcement. Thank you very much for supporting this cause.

Happy to head this! Ohio is getting some serious love from @ninaturner and Our Revolution! https://twitter.com/OurRevolution/status/907369277866561537 …
Thank you for your support 
Awesome!!!!! It's about time!
You must think Americans are rich at $10000 a person per year. Resign both of you
What will it cost?
Thank you Senator!!!
How R U planning 2 pay 4 this? Or R Dems going the GOP route--promises but no details. How do you cover costs of those who've paid in $0.
Medicare is a high-risk pool for elderly & disabled.  Insurers hungry for business & happy consumers.  Cheap way for govt to fund care. DUH!
Corrupt Dems throw liberals shiny object that won't pass doing ZERO to END price gouging pharma&ins companies #publicoption
You're losing us
What exactly are you supporting?Do you have all the details of the bill?The how,what,&how much?If so, please share with the American people.
Thank you for your support.
Typical Dem Dunce. Destroy medicine and lives, but they can buy votes.

Read a book.
I'll believe you when it actually has a chance to pass and you vote for it then. #DemExitNow #DemExitForever @GreenPartyUS #singlepayer
thank you for supporting the PEOPLE 
EXCELLENT.
Thanks, Senator!!
#PeopleFirst
Looks like Senator Blumenthal got the heads up. The progressives are coming...
Thank you @SenBlumenthal and @SenSanders
Stay the course Senator. Pelosi is out of touch. Now is the time for Dems to go big or go home.
Thank you
Thank you, Senator Blumenthal. #MedicareForAll
Check out this awesome summary of single payer using Jellybeans by @WillFisher4Cong https://www.facebook.com/willfisherforcongress/videos/1236281136476701/ …
I'm definitely not voting for you !
Government can't run Medicare and social security (both bankrupt).  Why the hell would we trust you with all of healthcare?
If wecould remove the corruption in healthcare we would honestly be able to assess the possibility of single payer healthcare. Not possible
I'm not surprised, you are in favor of something that won't work! Again! good move. The left sprints toward the edge!
Btw how does it get funded/paid for
YES! Thank you for representing what Americans want!!!
Well the only way to look at this is : they run the VA how did that work out.
Thank you, Senator Blumenthal.  Everyone in, no one left out.
Better late than never, Senator Richard Blumenthal! Welcome aboard! Out of control pharmaceuticals and medical expenses will destroy us!
Then why are you and the rest of the small business senate taking subsidies 4 health care. You and ur lot are corrupt swamp creatures.
Thank you for supporting single payer... really thrilled at your decision to do so
Yeah...
As long as they cover the needs of the ppl. What good is a hosp card if no one accepts it? Don't blame the patient.
Thank you Senator!
Thanks for your support senator; no more healthcare related bankruptcy.
add yr voice on People's Referendum #MedicareForAll http://bit.ly/SSmith4Health 
Laughable
Bandwagon time after Hillary machine disgrace! You still serve capitalism profits over people!
And they know we know that they know we know
that they could of just supported Bern!
#bernieorbust'ed 
#DemExit'ed
#DraftBernie on principle
Its a service.
I am so proud of this tweet. I'm getting back some of that hope I lost in Philadelphia in July 25-28th. Come on 󾓦!!!
Then dr payments medicaid Medicare need increase many very sick ppl NV get 0 care no dr's will take say payments 2 low
Abandon ship anyone?  We're still VERY glad for your support of #MedicareForAll !!
A right? You mean an entitlement.
But healthcare is a service & providers have a right to be fairly paid. Only free market capitalism works.
Great! @clairecmc when are you gonna get on board?
Led by that's goddamn right
Given that Hillary proposed this in 1993. Another thing conman Bernie sanders stole. He has nothing 2 offer. Just lies.
Sanders voted against it.
I wish someone would tell me who is going to pay for this. There is no such thing as a free anything because it has to be paid for.
We all pay for it anyways. Healthcare needs to be covered, like defense.
Please explain how you will even get this concept to the floor in my lifetime
Thank you, stick with Senator Sanders
If this moves forward, it will end up passing as individual payer. Seniors will not be able to afford it.
OMG... a right??? Some how I missed that in the "Bill of Rights" What a communist country you want. How's that working in Venezuela
1 job: win 2018 mid-terms. SP nonsense will alienate all GOP voters who have shown their commitment to fighting to fix ACA. Awesome 
Yass.
corrupt dems pushing for something that won't pass while doing NOTHING to stop price gouging insurance and pharma. You work for corp welfare
How are you going to pay for this?  I'm not rich.  Can you guarantee my taxes don't go up.
JFC, Sanders as savior?
How is this supposed to work?
Ins industry just dissolved overnight?
Want HC for all but fuck, don't be idiots!
@BernieSanders will cost remaining Democrats their seats with #SinglePayer.
Don't follow down the rabbit hole.
Universal health insurance is a good idea. variations of single payer offer smart options. 
Calling insurance a "right" seems a stretch.
No thanks to so much govt control. Esp when you took a Cadillac state plan vs ocare
Hahaha you are a phony
Thank you, senator.
Thank you!
Then get on with being a nation of healthy people.Healthy minds too!
HOW WILL WE PAY FOR THIS?...Give us some examples of it's success
Millions of Americans can't afford lazy, politically expedient talk and promises that do nothing to really help people get/keep health care.

Politically expedient to say, but not going to pass anytime soon. So, what will you do to fix the current situation?

OMG!  Another one.   I am sickened.  Sanders gave us trump!  Hillary won the WH and all you all do it promote Sanders.  What bullshit!
You are so right! If the #Dems suck up to @SenSanders , I, the base, will abandon them. And I won't care. Sanders is a #Traitor .
They already have.  They have been for months now.  Nothing we say and they just double down and prop him up more!
The VA is truly a model of what all our healthcare will soon be.
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU. Btw I love you for keeping us informed on TV when I've seen you on.
Thank you Senator!!!
We should have the same healthcare as you. Or do you think that you are better than us?
Thank you!!
How about NO.
Nice. I hope you're not just posturing.
Thank-you Senator Blumenthal.  Keep fighting for us!
Thank you, and this is why I'm proud to support Sen Blumenthal.  #MedicareForAll
Dont use Bernie sanders name in my presence.We better run on jobs and infrastructure and DACA
That is good to see.
Thank you, much appreciated
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Senator!
#MedicareForAll
It is not a right. Do not want single payer like Canada and England have. Wait too long & ppl die just like VA. No to govt control
Thank you!!
Yes,  I agree

Would have preferred @SenBlumenthal to have been the leader of #MedicareForAll rather than have him be a @SenSanders sycophant.
thank you!!
IT'S. A. SERVICE. Medicare is shitty insurance that doctors hate. Plus it will cost trillions that we will have to print.
Thank you senator. Let's bring back the left to create the  most educated and healthiest middle class. We can do it.  
Thank you!!!
Please rattle the cages in NH won't you?
@SenatorShaheen and @SenatorHassan haven't received the Memo!
@HiMyNameIsSeton really?a right,I got nothing but love for the @dpshow ,but you young man...im smfh!
Start a grassroots movement to get Blumenthal out of office now before its to late!!!
Thank you from a constituent, Senator! Great to know you have our backs in CT!
http://www.dickblumenthalsucks.IT 
Incapable of an original idea. P.O.S.
GET FINANCIALS INTO THE BILL, DO NOT LET THE INSURANCE LOBBY GET AMMO TO KILL THE BILL IN THE COURT OF PUBLIC OPINION.
If @GOP spent last 7yrs workin2fix ACAinstead of repeal they mightve averted https://t.co/2BISmBCraIevery action there's opposite reaction
Can u say #StolenValor?
The #SinglePayer Business model shows businesse's fair better financially compared to a year-end tax cut. Translation "Economic Investment"
Thank you!
Bad enough #CT is broke, U now want 2 take the country down that hole. @CTGOP replace these liberal politicians w/qualified conservatives!
It is a nice un-American message. It appeals to the masses. Yet, taxation is theft.
Thank you.

Ok now what about Alexion moving out of CT after all our financial supporters.  Work on this Senator bad deal
Single payer is so much cheaper than the system we have… Read up people
Stop socialized medicine! Don't destroy our medical system. It's failed everywhere.
Proud to announce my support for all politicians getting the same health care plans and options the rest of us do
#EqualPay #Healthcare
Thank you! My heart is on fire!
I'm only only on board w it as long as all gov workers and politicians are mandated to have the same plan. 
#allequal
#holdthemaccountable
How about getting our 20 trillion dollar debt under control first. Or maybe getting behind tax reform so more people can work.
Thank you @SenBlumenthal, I hope your fellow senator @ChrisMurphyCT will join you soon!
I have the right to your services for FREE
Thank you
Make sure it includes benefits for vision, dental, hearing aids, mental health support, the ability to negotiation drug prices.
Thank you. Get your colleagues on board!
Musicians thank you for your leadership on this issue, Senator.
You don't speak for "musicians".
@SenSchumer please join your fellow NY senator @SenGillibrand and support #MedicareForAll
Swamp socialism....congress gonna b on it too ??
Why?

Talk to me when you give up your ELITIST health care plan & insider trading benefits. Become a politician & leave office as a millionaire
If we don't have the $, is it still a "right"?

Thank you! Please ensure that the concept (free healthcare) does not get watered down in the legislative process.
As your constituent, I want to be very clear. I am against a single payer system.
Thank you :-) Now let's get all the Senators behind it to fund Medicare!
Will all people pay the same rate? Or will i be penalized with higher premiums because I chose to pursue a higher salary position?
Thank you!! And we support you Senator!
At a minimum it would be nice to lower Medicare age to 55.
Political suicide
You are always on the side of decency and humanity Thank You
All of these people that support this idea are completely delusional. What they don't realize is with this they will get no help ever
The government will determine what is good for you and what is not good for you you will get the help they want to give u not to help u need
This would help the small businesses to self employed! It would relieve so much of ridiculous costs!
Thank you!
Commodities and services cannot be rights  because they are subject to scarcity. And, you can't sue the government when they fail to provide
Thank you senator.
Make it happen for CT. Born here 51 yrs ago & need a reason to stay. Putting off 2 surgeries right now.
Go, Bloomie!
THANK YOU for supporting SINGLE PAYER. Now CONTINUE to SUPPORT IT, DON'T BACK DOWN, TALK TO THE OTHER DEMS NOW!
Yes! Thank you!! #MedicareForAll Will save lives of all kinds here in America, to put it plainly. #Medicare4All
This is a shame. But at least it's in public discourse. Maybe one day? We must win elections. Sweep elections for a generation. 
Unite
