Special prosecutor should include AG Sessions' apparent failure to truthfully disclose contacts w/ Russians in his investigation.
Be sure to get rid of AG Sessions quickly... he's about to lower the boom on Hillary, Rice and that notorious spy Obama.
If he can get 'er done, sure would be a nice trifecta!  I'd also so much love to see Eric Holder & Valerie Jarrett added to the list!
Why isn't Sessions being suspended or put on leave from duty during this investigation? He has access to classified info.
If there was any truth to this, something could be done,   sorry fake news by Blumy.
Oh, your absolutely right, there is nothing to this. If your Russian.....
250 year old nation selling themselves to China. Blumy gets the check. 112M net worth.
So EVERYONE, even citizen journalists not associated with MSM, have reported all of this are ALL lying but you know everything?
Must request Sessions' campaign $$ records back to 2004 & see if he got $ from Jared Kushner's family. Father was in Alabama prison. FISHY
Investigation? We got the facts! Fire him!
FBI already cleared AG for this very thing. Keep wishing. AG SHOULD investigate Clinton Foundation, F&F, Benghazi, surveillance and Obama
i call for an investigation of anti-American officials such as you who want to stop America from ever being great again at all costs!
Blah, Blah, Blah, Blah, Blah, Join The View already!
You've got issues Blumenthal
Is twitter where one officially calls for an investigation?
Sessions also needs to resign ASAP
I Call for your replacement!!!
They were all copying each others forms that's why all of them the same one's wrong!
Democrats grasping at straws! No evidence! You are wasting time and money! Hey Blumenthal fix Ct. that  you DEMOCRATS have destroyed
Someone dummer than Blumy posting. Probably 4M marketing group.
Yes! More investigations! Russians are laughing at the US as is the rest of the world.
It is taking too long to do this essential prosecution
He needs a very long jail sentence....this is much more serious than dealing drugs....suborning the Democracy of the United States...
I call for an investigation into Hillary, Clinton foundation. Rice unmasking and
Obama illegal surveillance. Where were you on these?
Richard please get Trump out before he destroys us. I know you and Chris can get the pressure started!
So do a lot of us!  Why is it not happening?
I call for your resignation
Nobody in CT LIKES STOLEN VALOR. HE gets elected by party lever. Not one of these monkeys will return.
#fake news from fake Vietnam vet
Yes, please. Do it! Don't just "Twitter do it", actually do it.

Also, thanks for your unyielding effort in this investigation.
Blumy is a pussy lying draft dodger. Stolen Valor.
Thank you sir and please do so with regards to Jared Kushner too, who also failed to disclose russian meetings on his paperwork as well!
Good. Keep it going my Senator! Thank you

Partisan character assassination alert.
Yes 'WE' all do.. Next move?
you lied about being in Nam, now your the truth police ?
Every time his name surfaces,  I think of the hearings with he and Senator Kennedy at the hearing many years ago.
Let's go! 
We call on your resignation for falsely claiming you went to Vietnam! Sound good?
I call for an investigation into the whereabouts of four ball sack. Did they go up inside you Dick
There is so much going on with this admin we can't afford to lose sight of Sessions who lied. Not mislead lied to Congress.
Then DO IT! And have some teeth behind you as a consequence.
We insist! Thank you.
OMG. Enough with investigations. Do your legislative job.
Thanks for investigating the reckless donation from foreign governments to the Clinton Foundation. Oh wait I forgot you're a political hack.
Thank you!!!!
Sept 7- DNI Clapper publicly blames Russia for hacking 

Sept 8- Sessions private undisclosed meeting w Kislyak

https://thinkprogress.org/amp/p/86388c6a56c5 …
So we now know: 1) Sessions lied under oath to Congress about private meetings w Kislyak. 2) Sessions left those meetings off his SF-86
We also now know Sessions, recused from any Russia investigations, was actively pursuing Comey's firing. 

http://www.npr.org/2017/05/12/528003690/recused-and-accused-critics-say-sessions-should-have-stayed-out-of-comey-firing …
What did Sessions and Kislyak discuss at their Sept 8 meeting? Why did Sessions consider hiding the meeting worthy of perjury?
Sessions, Trump's foreign policy guy, met Kislyak 3 times (Mayflower Hotel, RNC, and in Sessions office at the Capitol).
Are you getting any Republican support? How can Sessions possibly qualify to be the AG? And, what is he hiding??
Damn Dick, your calling for more investigations? Keep this up and you can pull that card all the way to retirement without doing anything. 
Yes!
I call for an investigation on DWS.
I call for an investigation on the Seth Rich murder.
Dick, why didn't you go after Hillary? afraid of your own past?
As a citizen of the state of virginia 6th district i second that call.
Based on your military background, you should be able to track down "mistruths"..
Anything to keep media stalled on DNC investigation... #SethRich
He needs to resign. He is dangerous.
Hey Richie, while you're at it, investigate the Obama administration spying on US CITIZENS. Let's go!
#outoftouchDick.  All you do is tweet about nonsense. Worse Trump.  Go to work  for CT people!  Enough of your drivel!
How many investigations is this now? How much tax $ spent on these? Still not on shred of evidence found. #notmysenator
Get a life Dickey
call out obvious- pattern of many "forgetting" to report contacts with RUSSIANS ESP glaring given PUBLIC concern on Russian interference
We the People Second that 
I call for AG Sessions to open a Stolen Valor case for @SenBlumenthal lying about serving in Vietnam & earning a Senate salary w/ this lie.
Yes. Claiming that FBI told him to omit the contact with Russian(s), is not an excuse, even if you believe it.
What about kushner & all the rest who failed to report Russian contacts
Apply the law and regulations equally.
That's a Felony sir
