#DACA was illegal to begin with. Thank Obama for this mess.
No Jermain thank Obama for saving 800,000 souls who only know America as their home. Get a soul dude .
Thanks Obama for saving the souls of the animals that murdered Joshua? You are evil.
You can't just single out one Mexican What about all the Americans that kill people Charleston ring bell 
You stand with these criminals while the rest of us stand with the American victims. Your beliefs raped this poor woman. Way to go June
My ancestors came here illegally and yours may have been slaves here. We can have laws and compassion at the same time.
Isn't that what Trump is doing, enforcing the law and being compassionate about it?
No
You know alot about ducking the truth, Mr. Viet Nam
Sessions lied UNDER OATH TWICE to congress. The penalty was ZERO. So of course Don Jr. is going to lie, now that he knows there's no penalty
Is this true,  American citizens can lie under oath and not receive any penalties?
Yes, if their party is in control of govt, they don't prosecute/ force resignation. If dems controlled the senate, Sessions would be OUT
Go back to Vietnam
He is following the Law, why are you not doing your duty as a Senator of Connecticut.  Do something or you will #notbeasenatorforlong
Love it.
The wrong started when former pres. Obama signed the exec order.
another one who has not read the immigration law that Obama had broken.Your a bunch of law breakers that we don't need.supporting illegals
Right for his racist agenda
Governmental procedure 101 executive branch cannot make legislation, that is up to the legislation branch of government..congress.
That is Justi an idiot opinion that you have posted there
You know nothing about the law sad very sad
it is illegal
I think the @TheDemocrats @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems must declare every E.O. signed by @realDonaldTrump #illegal.
As were Obummers EO's
Hi Jeffrey, did you read the whole post on which your replying. They said the #DACA EO was illegal. So I reacted then Trum EO's are 1)
illegal too. So your reaction sound very strange here. 2)
Hey Richard, why didnt you say it was wrong, when obama past it. Americans first bud. Or did you forget your duty to the american people
John you have a distorted view of right and wrong. Open your mind dude.
Lmfao
Not to mention he lied to Congress.  This administration is a disgrace.
Yes a disgrace and they are without vision or compassion or moral conscience. God save America. Impeach Trump.
June, you seem like a sincere person. Please listen to why this decision was made.
Don't criticize Obama congress then would not act . Repubs would not help so he did DACA the right thing at the time .
your corrupted infiltrates in the judicial system will not save daca illegals:)

If Obama said its not legal for him to do  why is it wrong for Trump to agree! and then take steps to allow Congress a turn?
What will congress do?
I will laugh and think of you when it is passed into law by congress in 6 months. SenBlumenthal
No one is sending them anywhere - POTUS is simply asking congress to do heir job and legislate Barack's executive action was overreach
All these Trump officials act with such ignorance and irresponsibility
Sessions just lost his last friend in congress. Set up by Trump. He is dead man walking.
Pass a bill or a law for a change and be quiet.  If you had gone to Nam you would have drove everyone nuts with complaining & no fighting
Wrong to duck your duty as a senator & pass the blame to Trump while enacting fear mongering to public. You're shameful, do your job/retire
Woa! Does this guy even HAVE a law degree!? Shall we slowly, carefully explain this statue to him?
Every one talks about this disgrace but no one does anything. How much longer?
Can't wait for the midterms
Jews make the laws and hate the White race.
funny how you take an oath to uphold constitution than ignore it when it's convenient.
'Shameless" denotes he lost shame; that bigot never had any sense of shame or guilt. Why cant we deport him to hell?
Try reading our Constitution,
I guess when Obama said it was illegal u forgot? Must be ur Vietnam duty that effects ur memory???
Ah did u forget Obama himself said it was unconstitutional and illegal but he was doing it anyway???  Or u have Democrat selective memory??
Senator your wrong! Further your progressive liberal socialist party doesn't work for Americans!
"Law"?  What "Law" are you referring to?  DACA is not a law, it is an executive action.  Congress must reclaim legislative authority.
Was it a law?
He's not the only one, GOP talking points everywhere, even MSNBC saying unconstitutional  ACLU says not so
You need to take the lead in drafting law to keep dreamers. PLEASE do something. #SaveDACA

ITS NOT A LAW!!!!!
Says the stolen valor ass
Do you eve know what the law is?
You mistakenly assume he's interested in justice
AG Sessions, fighting to keep America for Americans. You, fighting to give it to non Americans who invaded our country.
Not to mention he's lied under oath a couple of times at the very least and is little big RACIST, FASCIST, ANTI SEMITE.
Sessions was bigot 3 in the Trump admin (Trump, Bannon, Sessions, Gorka, Miller)
The reason why this went threw because its some good ole boys in the Senate and congress
He has destroyed this country he is the Antichrist and y'all following him into a new hell made just for him
Shame on all y'all saying Obama was wrong who is really wrong this has been affect since 2012 this is 17 why wasn't it cancelled 5yrs ago
Atleast Obama was helping but all 45 knows is lies and destruction he is a pussy without the hair he made sessions spread his hate
Bull CRAP!! Just like YOU LIED about your service in VIETNAM! Sessions is following the Law!! YOU SHOULD TRY IT TOO!
Exactly. Some AG huh? This AND lying to the Senate.
Wrong to be allowed to sue a woman who laughed at him when HE lied under oath.
Backass halfwards statement. 
I support the Dems but you grandstand against #Trump & then do nothing. Deportations are on you for not stopping this clown
Just a minion doing his master's bidding and continuing his history of lying about the most  serious of topics. With impunity. #shameful
Daca is an unconstitutional executive order.  The courts do not have authority over this.  Grow the hell up.
Or Blumenthal!
I.e., Sessions must defend policy of his predecessors, to please Democrats.  The way DeBlasio defended Stop and Frisk?
Hmm was this your opinion when DOJ failed to defend DOMA?
If Sessions had his way, he would deport everyone who's not white and Christian out of the U.S. BELIEVE ME!
And maybe all men over 5'3". They make him feel inadequate.
illegal immigrants are not illegal? #DeleteyourAccount
Atty Gen Secession is a wimpy, slimy, evil man
What sessions did today made him look 2 inches tall.

Do your job, Senator! Maybe fewer vacations & a full work week like the rest of us?
why do you place illegals above US citizens?

How is DACA any different than DAPA that was struck down by the courts? Sessions cited this in his address today...were you listening?
Sessions continues to skirt the laws. How can he not be removed as highest attorney in land?
It's unconstitutional. By definition, #DACA is illegal. 
#RichardBlumenthal
Most Americans would feel better if the AG was handpicked from the ISIS lawyers in Raqqa.
Sessions and justice haven't met each other...yet. #ImpeachTrump #RussiaGate
Obama himself knew this was true. What reality do you matriculated in?
Sessions lied to Congress!  AG not above the law. #SessionsResign
how EXACTLY is stopping an executive order which Obama said himself was illegal being wrong on the law? U people lie so much
You are a liar. Obama had congress in 2009, why no DACA action then?
Shameful you don't do your job. You're the legislator,  pass a law. Or is that too much to expect?  Certainly harder than just obstructing.
How does a memo from a prior AG create an unchangable mandate for future AG's? Answer: it doesn't, go legislate if you want a law.
DACA passed five years ago. No court challenges at all since 2012?
Clearly shows Congress doesn't act until backs against a wall. Current DACA encourages young people to continue to cross border illegally.

#DACA was US promise in exchange for consideration. Recipients detrimentally relied on promise. US breaching. Sue now. #Resist #ImpeachTrump
Why don't you spend more time representing AMERICANS, NOT ILLEGAL ALIENS!
And wrong for trump to have him speak.
Sorry blumey, it is illegal. Ask Obama's lawyer. You r putting a spin to it.
Not illegal
Then how come in 2010 and 2012 Obama could not get it passed in senate and house. Also onama own lawyer said it was illegal.
Spoken like a Cooley Law School grad
Congress please help these Youngsters or Sara Huckleberry is going to send them home
DACA is illegal.  Check the Constitution .
DECA is legal . See you in court
Coming from a anti American liar of his military service
Your whole tweet is wrong. How many people did you fool to get elected?
Congress @Sara Huckleberry is about to fire you if you don't do your work
Sally Yates, who refused to defend the Muslim ban, is fired; Sessions, who refused to defend DACA, deports Dreamers.
DTrump @ you have broken many laws @give the young people a chance to fix their papers
Your problem is you don't understand the law. This is an option for current DACAs to extend and/or apply for citizenship. Fix legislatively
Mr Mueller please speed up your report
Congress Republicans and Democrats @Impeach_D_Trump
Where does t say anywhere the courts are the only arbitrator?
DTrump how clean are you give these young people a chance
BTW, unlike you @SenBlumenthal I served my country and didn't have to lie about it, you disgraceful liar! Protect American citizens first!
ending Obama's unconstitutional  DACA order restores congress' authority on immigration under Article 1 Sec 8. #RuleOfLaw
You are a lawless Democrat just like Obama the clown!
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON IN THIS COUNTRY
Hey #StolenValor , Jonathon @JonathanTurley is a bit smarter than you.
AG Sessions is exactly right, DACA is unconstitutional, your role is to legislate on behalf of American citizens, not illegal aliens!
Sessions ,DTrump what are you doing to the young people give them a chance 
Is that what we call illegals now" the young people " no wonder people are pissed! Why don't we call  issis puppies and now I'm in the game!
He lied to Congress and you did nothing
Obama made DACA up. The President DOES NOT have that power. It is illegal you nitwit.
You are wrong Sen Blumenthal.  How about you folks in Congress do your job instead of criticizing those who are actually doing theirs.
Don't get mad at AG Sessions for enforcing our immigration laws. Get mad at your parents for breaking them.
Did you say the same thing about Sally Yates?
@NROwen
Actually it was your job all along. Do you job Senator if you want DACA. POTUS had no other choice and you know it.
Judges have already agreed with him.  Obama himself said it was illegal, until Congress aka you didn't do it, then it became magically legal
@maggieNYT The difference between an Obama executive order and a Trump executive order: Obama checked with lawyers first.
He does what he's told. Obviously beholden to @realDonaldTrump just as the majority of @GOP is. Will continue until they take a stand.
Wasn't Sally Yates cheered for doing the same thing with regards to the travel ban??
It's not a law now, THAT'S THE PROBLEM...and u are a senator? ugh!
Overstaying a visa is not a crime.  It is a civil violation only.  Sessions is a liar and a racist.
DACA  is not overstaying a Visa
Tell that to Jeff Sessions who conflated it with criminal activity.
Would you expect anything else from a man who perjured himself in his congressional hearing?
How many times has Sessions had his a** handed to him by the courts already? He just put his & the Trump administration's racism on display.
So you mean to tell me it's legal to be in this country illegally and if anyone should know about law it's you sen
Your wrong SENATOR.The law is clear that this voter grab by Obama is illegal.
He LIED to Congress. How the hell is he still AG anyway?
He is not wrong! Even Obama said it was illegal!
Yeah, not true
It is true! it was posted several times on TV today! your politifact is not legitimate
Link to the clip? I gave you my source, where is yours?
You support these law breakers!  Start supporting those who follow the law! CT is turning into a third world sh1thole and you don't care!
This is how the dems secure their votes by illegals and dead people. Lol
He's a racist!
Hello, you had 4 years since DACA was enacted to do something. The truth is @jeffsessions is doing his job. Congress legislates not POTUS
Please focus on the state of #Connecticut like you're paid to do. It really needs help.
DACA isn't a law dummy. It's an Executive Order that side steps the law. Pass immigration reform, stop crying, and making excuses.
Can u tell us what FCR or USC DACA is titled? Last I saw, it was an executive order and .... *ahem* ... one man doesn't make law
Thx doj for not wasting taxpayers  $ on a unconstitutional act by Obama!  And it's not back ground checks by dhs for illegals!
Why did congress not take action before now? Wait till the end and then point the finger? Is that what you stand for!Take action today! Vote
They did take bipartisan action, but John Boehner and House Republicans eventually blocked it.


Senator:  As an attorney, you make me laugh in disgust.  #idiotdems
Yea & your an idiot that doesn't follow the law!  If you did, you would have done something about it a long time ago!
Yeah and you are so perfect to support the jackass!
Your like all democrats. U don't care about Americans.  U r losing and American don't care about your lies anymore.
Wrong that he lies to congres and there are no consequences. Wrong that he met with Russians and still gets confirmed.
Sessions lied about economic impact of DACA - the squirt will say anything to get back in trump's good graces.
What would you expect from a racist Disgusting deplorable !! The whole administration is full of crooks , lier , hypocrites VOTE THEM OUT !!
He has every right in the world to decide what is what is legal. And it was always a matter of an executive order. Not law undone at will
Acting brand new? Trump and most if not all in his administration are old white males that literally want to take America back, wayyy back
Sessions was too racist to be a judge in the 80s
What you worthless Congress/Senators did was allow Obama to violate America's Constitution by allowing DACA in the first place.
Stop whining.  Get to work and do your job.  Fund wall.  Stop future breach. Address remaining problem.  Shame on you !!!
Wall won't happen
It will now. Trump has already campaigned on ending #daca. He has nothing to lose. Congress does.
Your party is losing lots of voters.
Holdings corporation! Unlawful at startup! Grants forbidden by Laws. Funded terrorism & traffic treason within USA ! Arrest all guilty ®™©
Quiet blumenthal. Dont you have work to do? Oh wait..... you don't care.
