Russia ruse!!! Fake Narratives!!! It's about you not wasting taxpayer money. Opposition and resistance is unacceptable!
OBAMA'S ORGANIZING , democrats and communist media FOR ACTION TRYING TO TAKE DOWN TRUMPS CABINET ..
why don't you just get over it. Your party is dying and you are part of the problem
After providing false informationSo full of 
His information was NOT false. He met with Russian ambassador "outside campaign" as a Senator. You are misleading, lying.
you probably need to sit this discussion out dude!..You told a TX whopper a few yrs ago and rightly got nailed for it
As usual another one drinking the lib. koolaid, #LockHerUp #Benghazi #HillaryLied #DemsLies #PelosiLie >YouwilllovethisHCLaw!
work for us ..Real Americans ..get it together
FALSE info??? Hahaha! Let's talk @HillaryClinton selling uranium to Russia twit ? I think we should investigate her rather!
do you understand that The People just want you to stop dividing the country. Learn from history, it doesn't work!
Facts not Fiction!!! Why are you wasting my taxpayer money? Russian ruse and Fake Narratives is not governing! Do you job!!!
Sounds familiar didn't you do exactly the same thing.
UM NO WHAT'S MISLEADING IS WHEN YOU SAID YOU FOUGHT IN A WAR YOU NEVER DID! WHAT A TOTAL EMBARRASSMENT!
your off base. He was asked about the campaign and Russia. Did you forget he was a senator?
what generally happens to people who lie to congress while under oath?
nothing if you look at Clinton, holder, and lynch
it is estimated that the GOP spent over 30 million dollars in taxpayer money trying to discredit HRC w/0 conviction.
but of course in the end it worked, - with a little help from the Russians.
you talking abt the investigation Lynch pled the fifth and met with Bill on the tarmac the day before the decision?
right, the one Comey re-opened just prior the election, (most likely changing the outcome), and the 7 Benghazi Ixs
reopened because over 600k emails were discovered that were not turned over. Yep we're talking about the same one.
emails were discovered on Weiners confiscated laptop. Confirmed duplicates by the FBI. Comey misled the public.
U sir are a lying discrace! U must face prison time for ur conniving ways . honorable Jeff sessions lock him up!
you have no case but a case is building against the police state
I remember you accused republicans of threats to Jew orgs, now we know it was one of you. How can we believe you anytime?
Sessions met with Kislyak while US was investigating Russia for hacking. Then lied under oath. He should resign.
Would you care to explain you lies about military service? Stolen valor?
-Just do your work in Connecticut.. Hartford is bankrupt and we have a 1.7 billion dollar  deficit.. worry about yourselves
we the voters wonder what else you lied about other than serving in Vietnam
@DanaWinters93 what a joke coming from Blumenthal
He provided no false information & u know it Really? You should know better What goes around comes around I'd be careful Sir
You know better Senator - disappointed in your hyper partisanship
you have 0 credibility !
@kjoerwin I wonder if he has overseas accounts or shell companies. Paul Ryan and McConnell need to be investigated too.
Sessions has to resign.  Please go there!
not just Sessions, but Trump's whole cesspool of an administration, they all are working for Putin
maybe your sanity ?
Clinton, Holder, Lynch set precedent on how to lie to Congress under oath. Also, you lied about your military service.
@ThomasJ17762016 Senator-the whole bunch of them are corrupt. They are laundering $ and changing laws. How much longer?
everyone knows @HillaryClinton should be in JAIL!!  @Harlan
he must resign or be prosecuted for lying to all the senators.
He needs to resign. Ask @GOP  @jasoninthehouse  how many investigations would be immediately launched if this was HRC AG!
U could say the same about yourself. We  R wondering what else you have mislead us on.
fake news
Waiting for you to add your voice to calls for #Sessions resignation.
we are sick of the witch hunt by your desperate party!Stop it and start working for the people in America! You lied-he didn't
@whitehouserogue He said he fought for civil rights on 4 cases, he didn't. That's 1....
Clearly Trump Admin WANTS 2 Run R Country like PUTIN runs his! Sit by & watch or GET AGGRESSIVE? #ImpeachTrump
typical comment by a sheep...
specifics matter sir - acting as a Senator for the Arms Committee- he was asked about Campaign - but hey lets discuss this
Thank you for your efforts, Senator. The Attorney General should be accountable to the laws they are tasked to protect.
ask him about his Vietnam service..
Not the first fire the relentless Dems started with #Sessions - really makes you wonder why the Dems are so scared of him
Blows my mind how laypersons such as myself can SEE rt thru this! So NOW What? LOCK THEM UP! You guys need 2 b more agressive
Better ask @clairecmc on her meeting with the Russians:
#LockhimUp
that should be you and your lying about the military,  blum you need to resign now
