Dems celebrate Bannon’s removal from the White House: “Good riddance!” http://hill.cm/aoj8s7j  
Like the truth coming out??? Nervous Tricky Dick????
Candidate’s Words on Vietnam Service Differ From History https://www.nytimes.com/2010/05/18/nyregion/18blumenthal.html?mwrsm=Twitter …   You're what's called a liar.  Also called stolen valor.
Maria Nicole Chappelle-Nadal is inciting violence.
Perhaps U can explain Y U R suing Pres Trump under Emoument Act for his property interests, when U have interests in Empire State Bldg?
What are u going to do about Maria Nicole Chappelle-N after what she said about the President?Let's see how honest and truthful the Dems r?
Hurry up USA - he is the biggest crook in history 
She should be fired, simple as that and investigated by the Secret Service and or the FBI for what she said.
Start backing the President.  This healthcare sucks for us working people.
Mr.Bannon is loser, NOT Good!
You serve with him in Vietnam?
Stop this anti-Trump

now work to change 
 corruption together, regain houses with great policy,not derision,ridicule and deceit
Time we boot you and your family

45 & co. remain a threat to democracy. 
We agree that there's no cause yet for celebration.
But at least, we're seeing things more clearly.
It is the left who are a threat to American Democracy
Yup, Bannon and Trump WH are a siege. It ain't over until it's over. Stay vigilant.
You are the enemy Why are you at war with America and her people.  We need to bury you effers
@TrumpTrain45Pac @BreitbartNews  please help me and follow the so called leader @SenBlumenthal  .. The self proclaimed Vietnam Vet!! Enjoy!
watch out now he can go after the lying and corrupt media and democrats it will be fun to watch.there is more corruption that keeps coming
...and the cucks continue.
But we've heard very little from the Democratic party about it. Just doesn't pass the smell test.
@BreitbartNews @thehill Perhaps @POTUS plans to replace him with your super racist @AIPAC? (interchange the word "racial" with "financial")
Waging a war on leftist twitter bullying.  So I creeped his site, lol.  Fee free to do the same.
Rush Lmpdic's site and he's saying we are all twitter bullies and the counter protesters at Charlottesville were paid by George S.
Hopefully you will vote for TAX REFORM...Will Schumer let you? Hope so/Party first! Party on! Just like POTUS you have a job to do so do it!
Ad hominem attacks are not very nice! As a matter of fact your progressive liberal socialist ideology has nothing to offer America
They also feared Roosevelt; Congress fought his agenda relentlessly; he ran his first term w/o VP. Your job in all this is to PASS AGENDA!!!
Ah the liar speaks again
Why have you not denounced these

You are proving yourself to be either on the same level of the political hunting us or being sold out
How can you get up in the morning knowing you prevented a totally person from enjoying the most joyous time out of the years
You ARE one of the worst politicians on the same level as Trump
You're SHAMEFUL!
YOU prevented a TOTALLY disabled person from having a peaceful Christmas
My family will NEVER forget or forgive you
Don't believe anything Blumenthal says. He is a liar & a phony; Ct. do yourselves a favor. Vote him out
Who Do u think replacement will b? How influence DJT? He doesn't read well, has low attn span, is impulsive, very needy for praise???
Sen. Blumenthal - I will hold my cheers.  YOU could follow - and then we truly have a disaster!
This is what CT pays you to do? #hatestartsinwashington
Anything the Senate can do to prevent trump from going to Phoenix? I fear there could be so much trouble between different groups.
Considering the Dems created the KKK the Dem party should be torn down as well as the monuments! Fair is fair! Any comment Mr. Richard KKK?
Yes, very turbulent #WH and dangerous.  Don't make it about Dems or Repubs, Focus on healing.  Maybe now time to fix healthcare bipartisan
Bannon is a Naval Academy graduate who served his country with honor not embellishing his service like ur “Stolen Valor” for a few votes.
He's also an alcoholic dead beat dad. What's your point.?
Well senator where is your call to arrest a person openly eants trump dead?   Oh violence only ok when dem is doing it
Extremists groups are emboldened by Trump! Isn't it the duty of the President to protect all Americans! Violation of major proportion!
Connecticut, you remember that state? $5.4 billion budget deficit, businesses & residents leaving, high taxes
You have this pathological need to attack POTUS at every sliver of opportunity. Sick. Going to do you in. Big cheers await your departure.
#fakesenator
Liar. He resigned. And you should be very worried. Prepare for a hellofa chess match. We do not forgive,  we do not forget,  we are watching
Spend some of your time pushing for lower taxes in Conn, creating jobs, bringing in business to create jobs.
Sen Blumenthal, why don't you spend more time fixing Conn and the rising taxes there, businesses leaving, getting some jobs for CT residents
Bannon booted was a plan, so he could attack and fight back at the main stream media. He's going to be battling forces against Pres Trump
Yep. Not a good sign
Let the games begin. Bannon is unleashed.
Well, we know the replacement won't be you so that's good news.
Could be you, Blummey. That would be disastrous.
it would be a better day if they gave the boot to you
Why are people calling Bannon a racist?
Same reasons why they call every white a racist. Trying to distract n reap havoc to get our president out of office. They're desperate
Bannon shall return!  Now on the outside & armed with all he learned during the past 8 months, will destroy the democrat party.  Buckle up!
In the meantime, as we all focus on this, trump is threatening Obamacare insurance companies to get out / no more govt subsidies.
So true, this scares me more than him being inside the Whitehouse.  Now no one can stop Bannon.
More chaos will now ensue. Watch!
Nobody said anything about complacency. #resist #FireMiller #FireGorka
TRUMP must GO!  #UNFIT
Yep..bannon`s on the warpath..now like the presidents media "assassin" again.
I agree!
Trump will NEVER BE DEFEATED
Banner will be at Breitbart hammering the President's enemies.
Keep it up and there will be even fewer democrats on 2019.   #seekingapurpose #noideas
This is getting way out of control.
It should be mandatory that all "running for president" candidates have to pass psychological testing.
Well Trump is Bannon, or worse. So this is not a win.
Let's build him a statue...in some swamp somewhere.
Wise words
Until Donnie is out the madness will continue.
YOUR repeated failure to denounce @Blklivesmatter @antifaintl shows you fully support hatred, violence, communism, and anarchy.  RESIGN NOW!
Says he Vietnam lier. You disgust me.
Says Paul the Bot #BlockAndReport
He and Mercer will now target an attack from outside. Unleash worse upon us.
BOOM

"Bannon may partner with the Mercers..."

…
It's a step but is it better or worse? You still have S. Miller, Gorka and other alt right extremists.  They may be worse than Bannon!
#FireGorka
Every day is worse until the head cockroach in the WH is removed.
Gee, you finally tweeted something that makes sense. Was that a mistake?
Sebastian Gorka, Steve Miller and how many more racists and traitors need to go
I don’t know why we should cheers when somthing like this happens.
Need to #FireGorka next!!!
Please fire Trump.
When you finish firing everybody: FIRE YOURSELVES
Who will replace him? David Duke?
It can be worse, it can be better… considering nothing substantive has changed, @realDonaldTrump will be at the whims of public sentiment.
No he's not
