Good luck with that. He committed perjury. He cares nothing for the Constitution, the rule of law, the USA.
We can't loose the free press. We need to make people more aware that they have started to jail journalists.
Sessions is not the answer. Public should be made aware of how important the free press is to democracy. Defend the 1st. Amendment.
I'm sorry @SenBlumenthal do you really think Sessions is going to help any citizen in this country? I mean really? He doesn't give a damn!
i agree because with sessions, it falls on deaf ears.
@burkel_randy @NewsTimes  I can tell you tight now that Sessions The Lamprey will do jack shite about this Richard.
good luck with that
Really. What's that confederate going to do ?
@SenBlumenthal  have you answered for false claims on serving the U.S and claiming to be a veteran? How many deferments Was it?5? From 65-70
Blumenthal when are you gonna worry about Connecticut a state you Murphy and Malloy has and continues to destroy
Today’s Comey memos make your past concerns URGENT! #FreeSpeech #Trump #Journalists
Good lord boy..you need to stop whining.
If the press and media and journalists are lying and telling fake stories and they result in ugly protests they should be held accountable
Nah, he should resign for perjury & for lying about his recusal.  He's never going to do anything useful in this position
just remember.... That goes both ways. Like it or not.... @infowars IS a legitimate news organization.
yeah right has never been news source performance art is what he admitted
U must be utilizing ur "selective hearing".  Listen 2 the whole of th shows, not jst the parts tht play into ur talking points
Why dont you demand @FBI @CIA @NSAGov find out who is leaking Intel to reporters!! #Hypocrite
Hate to say it but AG Sessions is worthless he wants everyone jailed. He needs to step down! Get someone progressive in!
Crybabies think they can say whatever lies they want, hold dems accountable at the ballot box!
Hmm I guess, free press only counts when they share your opinion?
Isn't publishing classifies info a felony?  And weren't you a lawyer?
Get rid of Sessions for lying to Congress
AGAIN Session's isn't your friend eithier.
I didn't hear Trump saying that while he was getting free press coverage during his campaign! He is a guilty idiot
*LOL just BURST out laughing! 1st amend and journalist will bury Trump/administration in the truth. Thankfully.
@POTUS We no longer have a free press. We have an all-Democrat press that resist jobs, fixing O'Care, tax cuts 4 middle class & safe borders
He's just as corrupt as President Trump!
I'm afraid that Sessions is the one that came up with the notion to begin with. I hope laws get written to protect our WH after this!
Oh u mean your free lies and fake news?
Is this possibly y our party lost the presidential election? Come on Dems. If crimes were committed, and they were, what's the hold up??????
Y are u calling in him for anything? Didn't he commit perjury in front of the senate? What more do you guys need to take action?
Come on, Harvard study show negative press is over 80% for Trump.
@AmazingSOP1 @NewsTimes Sessions is not only small in stature but small in mind
http://TSanMisc.com 
Better call someone else, Dick.
This kind of thing doesn't happen in this country, wtf. Impeachment is the only option now.
More phantom reports by the New York Times. Maybe Russia did it eh Sarge.
You Are Going To Have To Call Another AG Sir, Sessions Will Probably Be Linked In Investigation Soon.  They Are ALL Crooks Sir!
That's a bit worrisome given his history...
says the senator that lies...interesting!
Senator, don't be like DT! Think B4 U tweet! Calling on Sessions 2 protect free press is = 2 calling on Pruitt 2 teach environmental studies
Our poor politicians, being held accountable for the things they say. Those bastard journalists always complaining when politicians lie...
@bannerite @NewsTimes O dear. Sessions isn't good on justice.
Wow, where did that come from? Do you Libtards actually believe what you say? If reporters r disruptive, cuff them
LOL - Sessions will NEVER think of doing something against @POTUS #Trump
False Information again when will he stop
No way will Sessions ever do this.  His lips are permanently attached to Donald's ass.
he only comes up for air to say drugs are bad mkay. More people in jail mkay
Seriously, we need to remove this robot.

Thats where fake news comes from, you.
Do u believe Sessions will protect the press? Get real he is Trump's AG
Snort.  Good luck.
You're full of it! Trump has no plans to move forward w/that. You're a narcissist just wanting to see your name in the media. Vietnam
Senator, believe that's what, in Alabama, they call shoutin' down a well. #SessionsMustGo
Good luck with that!
I doubt it...hell agree with trump 100%...100% of the time!
but you want to go after any conservative press.
Please Richard just retire !!!!
#outoftouchDick  please pay attention to REAL problems facing people in Ct.  Population of Hartford dropped 30% from peak! No Jobs!
You show him "TIGER"!
This one complex. FDA employees & regulatory compliance standards of oversight practices. @FCC give them that lie dector test visa©®™
What is wrong with you?  Distributing false allegations with the intention of causing hostility harms my safety.
He will protect the white, nationalist, racist journalists.  Just- (ice) sayin'
I'm afraid your call will fall on deaf ears. I mean, Sessions?? He would be happy to oblige the idiot in chief.
yeah about that = #obama was a great hunter of journalists there Blmy = what did you have to say about those bad old days?
You call on who, again? Shelve your hopes that Sessions is anything other than your enemy.
I am afraid you are asking the wrong person for help on this.
No sir we cannot and #TheResistance will stand by their side   I certainly will
We can't stand by while Dick refuses to uphold immigration laws and interprets the constitution
Good luck with that.  
FYI - Alan Dershowitz appears to be auditioning for job to defend Trump. 
"Lawyer's UP!"  Get the popcorn!
Jeff Sessions isn't fit to shine your shoes, Mr. Blumenthal! I wish to see you in his seat. You would make an outstanding Attorney General!
Thank You!
Pssst Richard.....I know you have to do the 'formal call' on the AG. But lets be real, it's Sessions. Not exactly a champion of freedoms. 
How about you start with the schools that riot when a conservative is invited to speak? #notmysenator
Jeff Sessions should be forced to resign. He's a danger to us all
You're preaching to the wrong choir.
Nice mouth you have there “white trash Bubba”, do you french kiss your niece with that?
