I had a friend who escaped Vienna before Hitler arrived and I am glad she did not live to see this madman rise to power.
I can't judge you but God will! All of you non-Bible based, devil acting Christians! Now be gone Satan!
Be gone please
Dems are the only ones calling this a Muslim ban - its NOT! Trumps imposing Obama's action. Knock it off!
stop lying to people, if it were a religious test, citizens of largest Muslim countries like India would be banned
for you information India is not Muslim country.
Indonesia is largest Muslim pop, neither India or Indonesia are banned, #notamuslimban
only where there is mess.... do you think Indonesia can't be used as a route?? Wake up
when congress decides Indonesia is a problem, they will add them to the list of 7, u can go back to sleep now
I don't sleep in the daylight. I keep my eyes open.
good for you...over and out - --
stop with the lies that's what's wrong with the Democratic party right now that's not what it is and you know it
#liberalfascism
With all respect - your dad would be glad America is protected. Stop lying. The EO is not based on religion, hate or fear.
keep fighting against Trump
Will @SenBlumenthal stop sending $3B+ per year to 'hate & fearful' Israel turning away refugees? #MuslimBan Phony
@RiseUpAbove Plus, the nascent Fourth Reich in America!
Sir do something. Believe what you are seeing! It is going to get worse. My grandfather survived WWII told me America is safe
don't wake like they did in Germany! Believe them they are telling you who they are! PLEASE do something
immigrating to the USA is a PRIVILEGE! NOT A RIGHT! Stop making it sound so horrible! It's a temporary ban!
Well, he won't have been able to have fled the Nazis, if we hadn't banned them. They would have entered together.
This is not the American way to govern! This more the Führer's way!
actually it's based on location.
do you really think so????
yes, and if you actually took some time to think critically instead of swallowing what Vox/HuffPo tell you then you'd agree w/ me
I actually went through what you are mentioning!!! I have seen a land poisoned by terror,
lies. He lied about Vietnam now he lies about Trump. Your father ought to be ashamed.
History repeats itself if we aren't careful #cpol120
Where is your proof? So why didn't you get upset with Obama or carter when they did it?
@CTDems for dad, true Americans, yourself and the victims, do something muscular to pushback against the threat to our values
YOU ARE A REAL KNOTHEAD!! GET USED TO IT SENATOR - A NEW SHERIFF IN TOWN - CHANGES ARE ALREADY HAPPENING!!
say no to Sessions admin. Needs to see the power of the Sen. or he'll walk all over you
Thank you on behalf of those of us who want prejudice and fear and ignorance uprooted.
So block Trump’s nominations until it’s lifted.
@NoGOPNo We Were Warned This Day Would Come. RNC Allowed A PUTIN Puppet AN ALT RIGHT FREAK Non Religious Sexual Predator
I am proud to have you represent CT. Please keep speaking up against this horrible ban. It has no place here. #NoBanNoWall
Does your daddy know you are a liar? There is no ban on Muslims.  The dishonesty of your party is nothing to be proud of.
Please tell us what u r going to do about this crisis. we are approaching constitutional crisis. Dems?
Yes, OK, now what r u going to do?? Start with Bannon? Has he even been vetted? Voter fraud? Time to yell!
thank you for saying this. Please speak up whenever you can #CTConstituent
That's crap! We have to get smart about terrorists coming into this country. There is no religious test!
The 7 countries targeted just happened to be Islamic countries, but that's where much of the terrorist come from.
Since Obama has opened the flood gates and allowed everyone to come in, he has now created a problem.
People got used to free passage, and are now complaining because we put the brakes on. Too bad!
If Donald Trump can do this to them, he can do it to us. Please do something.
thank you for speaking out against the Muslim ban.
@ikerepublican All our fathers who fought in WWII.
please!!!!! @SenBlumenthal rally with others is the Capitol and stop Trump. This is not America, he is out of control.
bring them all in LEGALLY!! Your tweet is embarrassing!! Way to perpetuate the divide.
My father my grandfather my uncle all SERVED THIS COUNTRY
WOULD BE ASHAMED AND SAD HOW YOU DON"T HOLD UP LAWS OF THIS GREAT COUNTRY
RESIGN
MY GRANDFAHER WAS @ P.H. MY FATHER WOULD TELL YOUR FATHER U WASN'T COMMING HOME FROM VIETAM
IN FORCE OUR LAWS OR RESIGN4DEROLECTION OF DUTY
So don't try that guilt shit on us.  DO YOUR JOB OR RESIGN and WE can find someone WHO WILL
RESIGN 
YOUR NOT KEEPING ME SAFE
AMERICAN SENATOR  WOULD RATHER PROTECT NON-CITIZEN AND PEOPLE OF OUR CITIES STATES AND COUNTRY
Derolection of DUTY
grounds for dismissal
Lies! If you're referring to Muslims many countries have no restrictions.  Only refers to ISIS hotbed countries. You knowthat
did he come here legally? Or did he slither across our #OpenBorders
Will you start showing up at nominee votes now?
I'm a CT voter we need you to stand up asap. GOP relentless stand ag "Benghazi" etc. you must do the same. voters watching!
Muslims in USA are scared too. Can someone feel that fear???
don't stop fighting!
thank you for compassion
Removing Jt. Chiefs of Staff from Natl Sec Council seems against Nat. Sec Act - time for action. Dems must stand up.
what are all democratic senators doing together to block this tyrant?
msg to you & rest of the Sen Ds .  It STOPS NOW. No more Yes votes or you’re all out. Resist 100% or get theF out of the way.
@mohammedhersi choices have consequenses
Thank you for standing on the right side of history!
Thank you.
Lesson of Nazis was not enough opposition to its escalating actions until too late.
Ban is un-American and scary.
looks like history trying to repeat itself
ya an I 'm ashamed your a senator in  my  state
I appreciate your words. I hope you will do all you can to fight the #RefugeeBan, particularly for Syrians.
@Honey17011 so would my dad
@Honey17011 excuse me but please DO something. Don't just tweet!
Do something about it please
Very sad Trump is destroying the reputation America has  built up  over the years within weeks of his presidency
@Honey17011 So sad.
my grandmother escaped Nazi Germany and she would turn in her grave to see what's happened to this country:( sad day here
what is being done about out crazy Pres? Where are the angry calls from moderate republicans and dems?
How do we stop this? Doesn't anyone have a plan? This can't continue!
What will you do to stop it? Fight the Nazis in Congress and the WH.
all the terrible things we learned about WW2 & ? the Germans let it happen will be USA in future if not stopped now
did we ban German Nazis in WWII?
I am scared too, of Mr. Trump, his cabinet, his Executive Orders. What country will my grandchildren have left in 4 years.
Please do what you can to undermine the Trump death march for our country.  Counting on you in Old Greenwich.
The do something, #resist stop helping this man. You do realize millions of citizens are terrified right now
Senator, what are you doing about this #madman who became #president and is turning the USA into a black hole?
Where was your voice of opposition in 2015
please are you kidding
protect me,I'm  your constituent! !###!!!
@POTUS  chose salary over morality. Arrest him now!
@SenateDems think how sad & ashamed he would be that Americans mistreat the WWII Veterans that saved him
My dad fought the Nazis and would be horrified at this and the Russian election hacking.
Who did you vow to protect and defend with your oath of office?
@SenateDems How would your Father view America in a 15+year War & being attacked by Terrorists who infiltrate & corrupt kids?
what can we as citizens do to help?
How Will you help your constituents who are affected by this Muslim ban?
What are you others in Congress going to do about it?! The POTUS is unhinged-these egregious orders must be nullified!!
Retweeted your tweet.  D
was your dad sad when you went to Vietnam?
so why is it bad now but not worthy of protest and outrage when President Carter did it back in the late 70s w/ Iran Hostage?
Well sorry, but the president is trying to keep us Americans safe. I'm sorry there are bad people out there. But it needs to happen.
@SenateDems #ThenDoSomething
@SenateDems so what are you and your fellow democrats going to DO about It? #theworldiswatching
THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT....
many sad people today around the world
#they are not only sad they are scared too..
Your father immigrated legally, I presume? Sanctuary cities encourage illegal immigration and harm Americans!!

if you want open borders with more ISIS supporters move to Germany.We are trying to preserve a country & protect Americans
How are you going to help #resist ?
Here's Judge Richard Posner v Mike Pence re Syrian Refugees
Then do something about it. I swear, the only one of you who have any balls are the women in the Senate.
Gee Blumenthal, we don't hear your outrage when Jews get persecuted today.
@SenateDems his Hitler ways MUST be stopped. He will be a cause of a war. With America as the main target. What can we do?
@SenateDems are u just stupid or ill informed, extreme vetting I.e., Boston,San Bernardino,SC. 99.9%of muslims good .1% bad!!
Really...... the one's that come over here hate us and want to kill us. There are some real idiots that think Trump is bad.
So what do we do to stop this abomination?
.@SenBlumenthal He might surprise you, and be in favor of a common sense answer to the threats posed by Islamic extremists.
@SenateDems respect !
.@SenBlumenthal, how to fight? Need legal challenges & GOP support. Unless GOP joins, they're complicit in this reign of terror.
Fight it! That's why I voted for you.
this is not about Jewish people
Foooooor weeeee need another nightclub, shot up right this minute. Need another Pulse club NOW!
it is a sad day. How will you be our voice?
WHY IS CONGRESS ALLOWING THIS? NO ONE IS STANDING UP TO THIS DEMENTED EXCUSE OF A PRESIDENT. HE'S MENTALLY ILL!
@SenateDems So he would be sad who gives a f.
well maybe you SHOULD DO SOMETHING!!!!
@SenateDems Do something already!!!!
@bannerite 2/2 by recreating his own brand of Hitler in the U.S.A.
@bannerite Senator I'm begging you from Ansonia please investigate asap DJT and Russia! This man is dangerous to US & world!
@bannerite 1/2 He is peeing on the memory of all the brave American service men & women who gave their lives2 defeat Hitler!
maybe we will change our minds about the ban when you get the Muslims to quit killing Christians in the world
I am so Glad Your Father Escaped Nazi Germany as also My Aunt+ Her Mother as Well. Now We Have You,  a Great American Leader!
Thank You Senator Blumenthal for Being There for All Our Great American People. Note: ThankYou for being of Sound Mind, too!
It is not the refugee that we do not want, it is the terrorist that we want to keep out.
@EpicSoleil Senator, please read executive order.  Not a religious or hate ban.

@SenateDems My family too. So Sad, as Trump would say.
@SenateDems speak up. We r the new teaparty party. Get loud. Get real
@SenateDems ACTION statement forthcoming?
Now, what will you do about this?  How will you make this right?  Who do you represent?  We're watching.
@SenateDems Thank You senator for speaking out.  We are not hearing enough from our elected officials.
Poor on the moral outrage.
This requires drastic action on the part of Democrats. You should all already be assembled in Washington to meet and demand time on TV.
and leak that report. Who cares if it's illegal? They are pissing on your constitution
@SenateDems make your dad proud and take refugees into your home
#1 that is not true. this is about USA security. #2 U R the guy who LIED about his military service.NO trust U!!
Really?!
#ByeBye @humoritarian  #Back2Germany @Angela_Merkel 
We never seem to learn from History. "Sad". @POTUS @VP @nytimes
My ? To you Sen. Is why the nomination of Gen Mattis passed thru.He & pence stood there while XO was signed.They're complicit in this matter
Fight for us, Senator! Impeachment now!
Think embarrassed=better word.Embarrassed by our prez, not ashamed.I did not vote for him.Not rspnsible 4 him/his bhvior.
counting on Congress 4 that!  




I am sick over this. How is this America? Lest we forget, we are all refugees.
Right - so what are we doing? What can you do? How long is this madness going to continue. Please help save our country!
they can leak the Intel report.
Just called your office. (I know...it's Saturday.) Please fight this with all you've got.
http://shame.on.you .
Please let the CT voters what actions you will take in response to this.
I feel the same about my dad. WWII Vet, First generation American.
Using Holocaust Day and your dad's memory for political purposes is shameful.
You are the shameful one, xterabarca!
Enjoy the times Rick...they r a changin!
@xterabarca1 @RickFrederick53 @SenBlumenthal
what can we do to help refugees in limbo?
how many more constitutional violations are needed before we can Impeach? The longer it takes, the more damage is being done.
@SenMurphyOffice please do something about DJT. Russia ties, emolient clause, his taxes, sexual assaults.....
NOW
This is about our safety, POTUS is helping eradication of Christianity in the area. My father was a survivor of Auschwitz.
yh. But Dems want to work with them

you did it 40 years ago so why can't we? Awesome reasoning, Nancy.
liberal logic Lotus
Please let us #CTConstiuents know what steps you and congress will be taking in response.
