As Special Counsel probe expands, Wray must ensure Mueller has the resources & support to pursue investigation wherever it leads.
The FBI Director’s mandate also includes resisting and repelling attempts to undermine civil rights - regardless of their source.
Hopeful that Wray will join law enforcement leaders and condemn Trump’s appalling praise for excessive force last week in NY.
More than ever, FBI needs a leader of integrity & strength who will stand up to threats of interference. Wray fits the bill.
If you voted for him I suspect he has issues.
Doesn't he have ties to Russia?   I dunno.
Yes he represented a Russian company in his law firm. Russian ties, Lying to public, loyalty to TrumpPutin are required.
What would you know about integrity?
Who will hold him accountable if he is yet another sycophant, a political power covering BLOTUS lies, treason, financial corruption?
2/ ..his oath of fealty to @realDonaldTrump . We are watching closely, and listening hard for any misstep on Mr. Wray's part. #resist
Didn't Obama go to UK to try to persuade voters not to leave EU?Is that not meddling in election,?
Even thought he was Gov Christie’s attorney and defended the “Bridgegate” Fiasco.

Very Disturbing
1/Sir, my hasty independent poll shows that a majority of clear thinking Americans are exceedingly skeptical that Chris Wray has not given..
Is the Russian investigation going to include the clintons and there uranium deal and Loretta Lynch
I am hoping he will do the right thing and not stop any #TrumpRussia investigations. I have doubts but time will tell.
I have my doubts.
Lol... "Russia investigation" 
Hopefully he will uphold truth and honesty and the law.  Not what YOU view as integrity!
That was all jokes.  You didn't get that
Thank you for your service in Vietnam!
How profound!
Maybe they can investigate your statements about your service during Viet Nam War
"F.B.I. person really reports directly to the president of the United States...And I think we’re going to have a great new F.B.I. director"
I hope you are right, Senator. Remember Jeff Sessions also pledged to uphold the law,while perjurying himself
Hope so.
#Russiagate
I hope Chris Wray has the guts to put Hillary behind bars where she belongs!
I trust no one now.  Our country is being ruined.
You're a fool if you based your vote on the Russia investigation.
Your word means alot on this.
Well said.
Russia investigation...."nothing burger"
Hmmm...we shall see. I trust you, not so sure about him.
I hope you're right. I don't trust anything POTUS touches
I hope for all of our sake that he does.
3/3
And u show ur stupidity mentioning "INTEGRITY"??? Have you stood in front of an audience and explained your lying? Serving in VietNam?
2/3
And wass absolutey giddy that you can provide him his instruction set when he gets in the office.
1/3
BlowMe, I will bet you 1,000 of your dead dim voters, that Dir Wray was sitting on pins and needles, waiting for your approval.
The Russia investigation is a sham.  The Emperor has no clothes!
You've got Russia on the brain. And unfortunately it seems, little else. Even your target audience must be getting sick of it.
I think u were correct to confirm. Let's hope we're both not wrong
You shouldn't have. Don't trust anyone trump nominates
I hope you are right. Our futures are in your hands.
Belief is an act of faith. I hope you have something more down to earth to rely on. Did he consider the trumps a crime family?
NOT sure about this Senator.  However  you are in the muck and mire so I wish you well.
I think you made the wrong decision.
I hope he will be loyal to the Constitution and not to Trump. @fbi
I hope you're right!
So, you voted for him because he suits your political desires?
How can *any* Trump appointee be expected to uphold any sort of integrity whatsoever?!? I'm afraid you're being naive, sir.
The guy has way too many ties to Russia. The whole thing stinks. I'm hoping regime change comes soon and the whole troupe is ousted.
Whatever!  You better get moving with Trumps nominees cause you guys are obstructing every step of the way .. we are watching !!
And if he cannot, please commit to a Congressional appointment of Mueller to continue.
I hope you are right. Am skeptical of a former consigliere to lying blowhard Chris Christie and Rosneft representation by his firm.
@ulysses23 GREAT!but what about this illegit president?
Lets hope your right
Trust but verify

Glad to hear that because I believe you to be a man of integrity....something that Herr Trump lacks. He is integrity-averse.

Sen. Blumenthal: I was hesitant about this nominee, however I trust your judgment. Thanks for posting!
Bullsh!t
I really hope Wray will up hold the law . Nervous because Trump recommended   him.
Thank you...
I want to believe what you say you believe. Trump has made it clear that he expects loyalty. Wants loyalty to him, not country. So no.
I'm concerned about anyone getting confirmed in the DOJ while the Russia investigation is going on.  Every pick is suspect right now.
You could be wrong.  
Doesn't Wray has Russian ties? 
I have concerns about him. Did he take a loyalty oath?
I certainly hope you made the right decision. I don't trust ANYONE who trump puts into his Cabinet!

#TheResistance
Hope you're right.  Trusted you on healthcare & this is just as important to me.
I hope you are right Senator.  I just don't have a good feeling about him. Keep a close eye on him and that slimey orange guy in the WH.
Well  can  the blind  lead the blind.  Evil begat  evil.   Friends  of the same  feathers  flocks  together
