We are watching this administration set in motion a process to systematically undermine crucial #TitleIX student protections.
.@BetsyDeVosED must put victims first - by weighing stories, advice, and experiences of assault survivors and advocates.
Any approach that does not heed voices of those who lived this issue firsthand is an insult to survivors, students, educators, & parents.
Dick you are politicizing this. Title 9 in its current form is an overreach. The police should deal with crimes not schools.
You realize title 9 is a blank check to infringe on rights
Horrifying.
My girl is in college, I worry every day about entitled morons who think it's okay to prey on young women.
This tweet is yet another example of the left's stunning insensivity and indifference towards rights enshrined in the Constitution. #TitleIX
So you don't want law enforcement to go after criminals you want bureaucrats at colleges to do that and no due process
If campuses are such hotbeds of sexual violence, why haven't you closed them down, Sgt Toys for Tots?
military has problems too...it is in the culture and needs to be addressed not ignored
Only one path open, then: sexual segregation.
well, I support looking into actual data and studies to come up with solutions rather than "gut" reactions
Part of the plan to make #handmaidstale a reality? If we do #ImpeachTrump, Pence would escalate Christian extremism.
DeVos is an embarrassment to women everywhere.
*is part of a movement to support all women*.... *Says women is an embarrassment because she has different ideas than yours*
Also, being drunk is not a justification for rape. I think that's the reasoning behind this move.
Maybe this combo? Betsy DeVos Hired Candice Jackson, Who Once Called Trump's Sexual Assault Accusers "Fake Victims"
I think women absolutely deserve protections and should be heard but men have rights too. Title 9 in its current form is flawed.
Any and all advancements made in the past 20 years are being wiped out under the Trump administration.
You are such a jerk. You know that schools have abused their powers in kangaroo courts. Sexual abuse AND institutional abuse must end.
We love you, @BetsyDeVosED Terminate #TitleIX abuse now!
Quit mindlessly tweeting anti-Trump diatribes and go back to Vietnam. Oh, wait; u were never in Vietnam; that was a lie. So is your tweet.
Really? Do you know how college students are being denied due process? Do you believe in due process?
DeVos like Trump is so unqualified for the duty she has been given. He is a human wrecking ball, she is so bad for education of our children
DeVos is abominable. She's the Phyllis Schlafly of 2017.
Thank you, Senator.
No it's not, liar!
@brendatracy24 not just campus.
Breaking: Basic bitch  U.S. Senator announces he's against due process.
Title IX is illegal draconian and it alone is worth voting for Trump to kill Title IX.
What abt. Planned Parenthood's Trump "stunning insensitivity and indifference to assaults" on unborn children and your support for abortion?
DeVos, Trump et al not insensitive or indifferent at all: they're just sensitive to perpetrators. They're not at all neutral.
No Dick, why is government making the rules for colleges to follow? Are you saying that an Ivy league cannot make harassment rules?
Due Process needs to be instituted at the colleges, not big gov overreach.
And Betsy DeVos is a disgrace to this country. Rich, clueless, and out of touch.
Anything Obama did must be repealed by the Trump administration. His legacy will be the great unraveling of our society.
really  think thats the criminal and victim and local law enforcement's problem, move on to something more constructive. taxes?
Best president,  pres.trump best vote ever made hes doing things right lol
No, it's actually erasing President Obama from everything that has his name in it.
@BetsyDeVosED So you think rape is ok? And boys/men who rape shouldn't face consequences? Have you been brainwashed? Are you dumb? Evil? Yes
Go back to Vietnam
Not helpful or necessary. Stick to Frightfart 'news'.
Nightmare!
Parents (who pay tuition in many cases) are very tuned into this issue. Many are pressuring campus admin to do better. This is opposite
Do you really believe the crap that spews from your mouth? False narrative
@joelgoldstein75 most sexual assault allegations on campuses are #fakenews
What @theDemocrats have done under MISUSE of Title IX is beyond despicable. Big money-maker that totally turned independent women inside out
Indifference? It sounds to me like they're pretty firmly on the pro-rape side.
Senator please bring her in for a discussion. This woman is disgraceful!
Senator I would appreciate please tell me how was you Vietnam tour. Please don't talk nothing else it is nonsense just FAKE NEWS like CNN.


Insensitivity to everything except $$$$$$$
DeVos is a complete fool. Totally out of touch with everything relating to education.
what's Ivanka's job again
You'd better spend your time investigating the harm by the teachers and the unions.
Devos sucks guys, but this policy is too burden shifting and most pundits don't even know what the policy says @AttorneyHerman Unamerican
Insesitive like pretending to be something you are not? You mean all those Fire fights were a lie ?
Sexual/economic/political assault were the key tenets TrumperUniversity was founded on. Devos just following suit
They are rich people trying to run country where middleclass foot the bill. Very sad that the rich people just want more. Greed!
Trump himself has assaulted women.
It will restore due process for young men who have been summarily vilified for the crime of being men.
She doesn't have a clue about Title IX--giving girls &transgender access to sports. She's maligning safety re rape & giving
green light to rapists,completely gas lighting that it's entirely okay to rape anywhere.Rapists know admin won't lock them up
I dare you & your colleagues to corner her& ask pointed Q's about Title IX. She's completely clueless, esp re raped women
More demagoguery from Blumenthal the Vietnam vet that never was.
Make Rape Great Again?  Every day is another punch to the gut of humanity and decency. :(
Nice try to twist it jug head.
You exaggerate to the max because you hate President Trump. I think it best if you stop with your hate of him
Asking for a girls number isn't sexual assault and shouldn't be labeled as such just because of feelings. That's the BS that's going away.
rape is ok with trump administration obviously---there are both sides right?
You're yet to say something productive this whole 2017. Bad for governance.

Go suck a egg you are not trying to help
Because they all support a known sexual assaulter
Taking us back to days colleges want women to stay silent about sexual assault.
Your statement is ignorant
99.9% it's assaults on women, but who cares in trump world
...Trump admin's stunning insensitivity and indifference to _________ (fill in the blank)

Rep of the misogyny & religious patriarchy espoused by @realDonaldTrump @POTUS & @BetsyDeVosED. Anecdotes from Promise Keepers not real data
Seems obvious: everything Trump has tangled with legally is being dismissed by EO.
RETRIBUTION.
Well, at least they're makings lots of money for themselves.
#FakeVietNamVet YOU ARE SO PATHETIC! Maybe this will help you feel better:
What about all the rape victims of the Dreamers?
SO WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT IT?!
She's just fulfilling direct orders from The Mercers...
Apparently women and girls are the next target
Rapists support rapists.
No - indifference would be leaving the law as-is and not enforcing it. That isn't what they're doing. They're ideologically opposed to it.
Blame the Victim, what a sell-out
Don't you ever have anything positive to say? Be constructive not obstructive

It's another GOP assault on WOMEN. You can't even say it, can you Blumenthal? There's no way Betsy did this alone.  #Misogyny Shame on you.
#TevfikARIF TRUMP SOHO BAYROCK - CHARGED IN TURKEY W/TRAFFICKING UNDERAGE EAST EUROPEAN MODELS 4 SEX #TheSAVORONA https://theblacksea.eu/index.php?idT=88&idC=88&idRec=1274&recType=story …
Oh go back to Vietnam you nutjob
He took the meeting to get Intelligence from a hostile foreign nation if Clinton was fit for office
That is Russian Intelligence
collusion
Our pussy grabbing president is insensitive to campus sexual assault? Color me shocked!
This man runs on ignorance and emotion, and his state elects him to represent them. You get what you deserve. Senator Blumenthal - laughable
@pentagon sex psyops bot @politics for #scandal market
And the sad part is that this has become the norm! Are we becoming desensitized to all the corruption that this administration is doing?
What can be done?
Wow Sen. People actually voted for you inconseaveable
But Ivanka......
