The GOP ensure the mentally ill have access to guns, but not mandated healthcare. This tells you all you need to know.
this line of attack is wrong because it's a half truth. And (Dewey) the means effect the end.
It's true -seniors & minimum wage workers will be out of luck -can't afford access & wait for tax credits
It was the "mentally ill" portion that was bogus.
Explanation of your claim? Vague response - The mental health coverage is awful.
Just cause a person needs financial help doesn't make them mentally ill.
That provision applied to welfare recipients who couldn't manage their own affairs, not ALL recipients.
bravo.  Call these jerks in office out.
"is worse than even the cynics expected"
Nope! You help elect this buffoon. It's time for you to take some personal perspective
@SpeakerRyan trying to fast track his #Ryancare before to many eyes give earnest scrutiny to secure peoples needs
#Uneducated #Unfit #Unhinged #Unqualified #ITMFA #ThreatLevelOrange
Help the rich and screw the poor. That's what they were thinking.
I think you missed the point. Having forecast death spirals for years, GOP is now in a position to create them and blame Obama.
even you wrote a piece about how the NYT fucked us this election. Yet you still fail to see your role in said failure.
Trump/Repubs relying on them being too sick or dead to get back to the voting booth. Millions saw a conman, they didn't
@Rosie @nytimes the rust belters who voted for Trump are gonna finally see the light
This is what happens when you bitch about a prob for 7yrs then think you can solve it in a cpl months.
. DUH. WHAT MAKES YOU THINK. THEY WERE " THINKING" ???
nobody wants health insurance, we want healthcare like every other country in the western world.
I guess the real truth is, if you don't have the doe re mi then you should just d-i-e
Please take Obama's name off this travesty.
Keep underestimating POTUS;so far he has run circles around progressives & their supporters in media #8moreyears
@Rosie #trumpcare
@Rosie @nytimes The problem with Trump-Ryan Care is trying 2 fix it while people die. PS MAKE TRUMP & RYAN own it!
@Rosie Bigly Badly #SAD
Rosie I believe you're missing the point, their agenda is erasing one of Obama's greatest achievement. Hateful children!
If Ryan's plan is so great, why not require all congressman to use it instead of their existing health ins. plan.
@DALESULLIVAN @paulkrugman better,!make the entitled senate & house pay for their own insurance They don't have to worry!
The Republicans have a single mandate: Destruction of everything that doesn't serve the 1%.
agreed
...True: Trumpcare in a nutshell...and that is why Ryan wants to ram it through so fast
Paul is sad that Obama's sad legacy is being erased. 

Completely.
This AHCA plan is 8 years of continuous HARD work by the Crooked GOP republicans, and this is what they came up with ?
republicans never wanted health care but after talking down Obamacare have to come up with minimal alternative
Mr Krugman after reading this article I think I fell a little in  with you. Thx u how very, very well said
@SenBlumenthal Why not wait until the Democratic process runs its course!!! Something that Obama and the Democratic's abused
Seems like Trumpies trying put ACA into a death spiral to trick people into getting rid in a few years. Unless Dems save them
The cynics is so awful that  will lead to death spiral of soaring premiums and collapse coverage.
Paul Ryan has a secret sex affliction: It's a turn-on for him 2 be publicly shamed and humiliated. Quite the record, PR!

I am a big fan of calling it Trumpcare...
Does or pain you to know that this bill will pass and there is nothing you or your progressive liberal sycophants can do?
@bulldoghill Must read if you want to understand what Rs are trying to do with healthcare.
god I wish Paul was on hand every time Lyin Ryan or another apologist liar tries2 explain Trumpcare so as to tear them 2 pieces
we must not call it Trumpcare, because if (when) Trump is impeached, Repubs can distance themselves from it. GOPCare?
The bill is even more about decimating Medicaid then repealing ACA. Awful.
could be as bad as the affordable care law it was one of the biggest cons we have ever been sold by a political figure
@sebastienunes check it out! He's my macro book author!
Please don't call that abomination Obamacare 2.0 or 0.5.  Call it Trumpcare, and make him take ownership!
Trumpcare: comforting the comfortable and afflicting the afflicted. Spot on as always.
#lieanddeny the mantra of Trump,Ryan,McConnell, Ryan the pretty boy posing as a wonk, other two hopeless bullies,
Republicans don't think and neither do they're supporters. No healthcare is a good thing according to Republicans
One would have to be a complete fool to trust Trump's GOP to do anything beneficial for the avg American,  God help the poor.
Or is this just a cowardly way to repeal w/out replacing ACA?  Young won't stay in & older low-inc can't. ACA will collapse.
Healthcareless! The Republicans are sick! #ScamAlert
i think this program is intentionally designed to fail... and if you think about for a minute it becomes pretty obvious
This isn't surprising Paul!  They are not doing this to make the ACA better.  This is it undo something Obama did.
0.5? Why give them so much credit?
The torches and pitchforks will be there by the millions if they even try to pass this crap.
There are these nagging things called facts. Many elected Republicans feel too comfortable eschewing them. No CBO???
Trumpcare another bill to help affluent at the expense of the general public
#TrumpCare is stillborn! Long live TrumpCare!
DJT said it would be much much better than Obamacare.  Much much better.
TrumpCare is what it will be called and the GOP will be held accountable for the health plan that's been 7 years in the making.
bad is polite. Nasty and ugly is closer
with republicans, you always consider they're incapable of thinking - no cognitive funciton tempered with sadistic immorality
problem with Trump is that spoiled brats like him were never exposed to economic realities of middle class and poor.
Thinking of themselves and their wealthy constituents.
TrumpCare is just another Trump con. He deceived  working pple who R showing up in town halls angry at Trump/Republicans
Is there a Schoolhouse Rock version of "Kill Bill"?
Ryan just wants2let Tom,Dick, Harry insurance companies rob u +give u bad health coverage.Single payer medicare is right path
#TRyancare ...from TRussia with love.
"process by which" is one of my barometers for "this discussion will be worthwhile" so you had me in the first paragraph 
p. Ryan claims there will b more competition in health care but  insurance compsmies don't belong in basic health care.
as an affluent young person who would benefit from this bill at the moment, I couldn't agree with you more.
Obamacare, minus the care.
the point is let it fail and say see Obamacare does not eork
#trumpcare #trumpcare #trumpcare
I hate it when I agree with one of your op-ed pieces.  You had me nodding yes by the 2nd paragraph. Darn you Krugman!
back to feudalism!
#Trumpnocare
thanks for putting these things in a way us non-economists can understand; clear, succinct and not too dumbed down. appreciated
Has anyone checked to see just how much an ACA repeal will save Trump for his personal benefit?
thank u, Sir. The immorality of P.Ryan with this phony Trump Care health care bill he wants is shameful
More like - Misunderstanding the whole concept of insurance!
Obama care just killed our healthcare system for 20 million people and screwed the other 330 million that's liberalism
This overview is the clearest I've read. Trumpcare is an arbitrary inverse of fair coverage, counterintuitive. Geesh!
They weren't.
Trumpcare outrageous! "short, less-complicated" =less coverage more cost. Greed-Over-People will hit most of us. Shame
this must be thought of as a tax cut bill with the attack on health insurance programs as a vehicle for achieving the cuts.
but it still doesn't punish poor Americans enough for some on the far right
thinking what always thinking-re-election. This time around may have evn made crazy base mad bc affects pockets.
"What's the point ",indeed!
Sheer hatred has taken over their brains.
They changed Affordable with American and made sure it was no longer Affordable to be American.
Thinking? when depriving others of something they never worry about themselves, and sound pious into the bargain? Thinking?
This is another useless attempt to destroy what good is left 4 the ppl. Resist the  "father" of lies! FREE  MEDICARE 4 CHILDREN
i hope the Rep leadership realizes the only thing their base dislikes about Obamacare is that it was named after a black muslim
I'm confused. Somebody said Republicans think? They haven't done that since before Reagan.
Thinking fools like you will keep calling it Obamacare, so when it fails they can blame DEMS #SwampCare #Trumpcare #GOPcare
I feel like .05 would be more accurate.
That their kids will never be sick, their wives will never get pregnant and their mothers will never get old!
and no republican will ever be poor.
Stop calling it Obamacare 0.5. Trump wants to blame DEMS if it fails. #SwampCare #Trumpcare #GOPcare  Media is gullible fooled.
Do they ever think?
Past 8yr's all WE have heard is how the Republicans can fix it and how bad it is. @paulkrugman @nytimes So what's the problem now? #resist
Rep. Joe Kennedy III shuts down Paul Ryan's claims about the GOP healthcare bill:
Rs aren't thinking, the're devoid of brain power.They'll tax the sun & ice cream 2pay4 Trumpcare. Stupid  GOP Rs Healthcare
Single-payer - and it's ready-made off the shelf.
How on earth do you have 8 years notice to hand in your college paper and on the big day you still can't even find your notes.
I wondered out loud about that 2. In 8 yrs all hate and no work. It is mind blowing.
but his sleeves are rolled up while he talks about it, so....
it's worse than the radioactive pigs in Japan
Fantastic piece!
Not sure what your meaning is, are you supporting #Trumpcare as it currently stands?
I think he's calling the collective bluff on all self-proclaimed Christians in Congress.
