if we tax everyone in the country at 100%, will we be able to afford #MedicareForAll? Nope? OK, how the hell are we gonna pay for it again?
How does Canada manage it?
they have absolutely terrible health care. Dad is Canadian. Plenty of horror stories.
Hah, ok dude. Amazing evidence you provided there
i don't have time to provide evidence ATM. Suffice to say the care is below an acceptable standard.
Cool, then don't chime in if you aren't willing to debate with facts and just want to offer meaningless anecdotal BS. Later
it's not meaningless and anecdotal when it has impacted my family. Doesn't matter if you don't see it.
I see what big data tells me. Not what your dad whines about.
Everyone already has a right to health care. You just want the rest of us to pay for it. Pay for your own chit.
Only a straight up communist would think single payer is a good idea. You, sir, are an enemy to freedom!
No, it's about your socialist free, free, free mantra for power and profit. HC is not a right.
Yes access it, not expect anyone else to pay for it.
Medicare works bc it is a secondary payer! You have primary insurance then Medicare kicks in. Ugh ppl are do stupid
Who is going to force doctors and nurses to provide said health care?
Does that include House and Senate members or do you want different HC than everyone else.  Like usual.
Why? We worked our whole lives and paid for our own why are your voters so lazy they can't take care of themselves.
No No No No No No No No Government healthcare No No No No No Government Healthcare
They should pay for it themselves too
If we had sensible COSTS insurance wouldn't be a problem.  The Affordable "Care" Act did nothing to address the cost of healthcare services.
Why isn't gvt putting out incentives for more people to BE doctors!?! More availability=better care.
It's liberals' political strategy to give everything free to those who don't work and tax  and more tax to those who work.
Everyone does have access to healthcare. They just don't have jobs to pay for it. Your job: make it affordable & help create American jobs
As long as they pay for it..not me! I'll pay for my healtcare and your pay for yours.
AND how do we pay for this you idiot....
Liars have no credibility, especially regarding "Stolen Valor".
they can, show me any place that there is no access to health care. you might not have insurance, but thats a different on is not the other
Dont you think you Democrats have done enough to fuck up this Country, never mind my State of CT!
They can. They are called hospitals. It's a big white building with patients, but that's not important right now.
How's that working in England?? 6-9 weeks wait to see a dr and dr's can't afford to live. Seems legit
every American has access to health care now dipshit..what Americans don't need is more stupid government regulation or tax.,
Medicare is not free. We pay for Medicare & need a supplement ins to cover medical bills. Can't make it on just Medicare. Fixed income. HARD
Medicare is the secondary supplement not primary
It is not
Who's paying for this #healthcare? Dr's  don't work for free, hospitals aren't cheap. Medicine costs out the wazoo..!?!?!?
Wrong. So wrong.
You r fake, just playing to your voting base...pathetic!
the working ppl don't have 2 pay 4 health ins 4 those that don't,this is not a socialist country,ppl need 2buy plans of their choice gov out
Unfortunately the taxpayer has to pay health care for those who don't or won't work. I'm good with paying for the poor but Not illegals.
Unfortunately some are poor because they got used to government money.
Yes!
20T in debt, can't pay for our crumbling infrastructure, people over taxed, no jobs, and Democrats want us to pay more taxes for Govt run HC
Imagine the DMV being in charge of your health care. The government can't handle this task.
Imagine the IRS being in charge of your health care. The government can't handle this task.
Imagine Richard Blumenthal being in charge of your health care. The government can't handle this task.
Russian troll.
Every American who does not work, needs to get a job that provides insurance like most Americans, get off govt. dole!!
Yes, because as a Medicare patient I know how "great" Medicare is.
Fix the OWCP you put your federal workers through first. Then lets see what you can do for the GP!
43% of those on welfare are single parents. Deadbeat dad's should be forced to pay for the healthcare of their children.
Who pays for it? Are Drs. Public servant? Asking for a friend!!!
So do my kids become Charlie Gard? Rest his soul. Supercharge our economy, create good paying jobs, open up the free market, leave me alone
What you really mean is a 2-Tiered System..Where Taxpayers pay twice...
#MedicareForAll
Tell us 1st who is paying??? #MedicareForAll
What we want is government to stay out of healthcare, schools & our lives! #RepealAndReplace #SchoolChoice #BuildTheWall #BanSharia #NoDACA
As long as congress lives with the same health care system as WETHEPEOPLE without exemptions, exceptions & subsidies. RU willing to do that?
If I have to help pay for EVERYONES healthcare, do I have say so in their eating/living/drug habits? No.......think I'll pass. Reduce costs
It's seems you meant health insurance, we already have health care accessibility to all
The man who lied about his service in 'Nam like a Hypocrite I would expect you to Know about Single payer we have now? The VA, and it SUCKS
#maga
#infowars

See North Korea "Universal" care they are starving and 6 inches shorter than South Koreans

@FoxNews
.@realDonaldTrump
I did,  until you passed ACA.
Well no one in my county or surrounding ones has access to individual plan at any cost. See Trump is destroying ACA while Dems look at 2020.
Nothing is FREE! We have ACCESS! We just need OUR IDIOTIC GOVERNMENT to GET OUT of OUR CARE! YOU take care of poor& Let the FREE MKT WORK!
Are you paying for it loser? Health care is not a right. You socialist always want to give money away from us taxpayers
what about what @SenatorMenendez did with medicare?? crooks
no #Medicare4All
Ken Burns has another one of his masterpieces coming on PBS. It's about the Vietnam War. You know, the one you were there for.
Are you trying to bankrupt this Great Nation. America needs AFFORDABLE health care that individual Americans pay for. WAKE UP
Excellent free pizza for all too.. $ grows on trees & medical care providers + pharma companies work for free too.. isn't socialism grand?
Repeal the ACA and go back to how it was. If you want to get your hands dirty look into the hospitals for over charging
They had it, until Obama wrecked the whole damn system. poor= medicaid, old= medicare, people w/ JOBS= H. ins. GFYS.
Progressive income tax rates are not fair. Just because you make more money you should not have to pay extra for the same item. Socialism
Gov. from cradle to grave, Democrats believe this, but can't tell you who's going to pay for it!
Hospitals must comply with EMTALA Emergency Medical Treatment & Labor Act.R u familiar with this federal law? It was enacted n 1986.
Canadians&Europeans who can afford it come here for surgery!Doctors don't want to be paid a salary!We've quality care now!Single payer NoNo!
I'd rather hear about your tour of Vietnam or when you captained swim team you filthy liar
Omg swamp
Are U out of your mind Socialized medicine would cost $2 Trillion to begin.Everyone would pay taxes!We don't want to wait 6 mon for surgery!
this means your a socialist wanting this type of healthcare.Europe has it and now there healthcare has gone down the drain
Marxist plank is to get govt health control so you can bleed the govt dry. Communists always said they`d destroy America without a shot.
Why don't focus on financial DISASTER that is the stat of Connecticut? Soon no one will be able to afford to live here! CT Gov is a disgrace
They do is called #Obamacare what am I missing here?
So senator, if this happens U R going 2 C tons of people making sure all of Congress partipates N HC U vote on 4 us. No more sp set asides!
Lastly, look who's working in the White House. JEALOUS? LOL
I think you should worry about educating young people how to live healthy productive lives instead of worrying about Medicare for all
I've been working my entire life paying into Medicare, now u want to give away my hard earned money
#MedicareForAll 
#SlickDick lying again
Go to the emergency room like everybody else does with no insurance.
You excluded yourself from Obamacare, will you do the same for this POS legislation? 
#MedicareForAll 
#SlickDick lying again
Look at the @DNC who brought us the failure of Obamacare now tell the American people we need #Medicare4All 
#SlickDick lying again.
Obummer is pissing himself over these words Senator. #MedicareForAll is more Gov intrusions.DemocRATS have lost touch Thank GOD 4 Trump
Wrong! Medicare is for disabled & retired Americans. Don't change system that was designed to help the people who put that money in!
That was the same argument made for Obamacare
Or how about this:  Congress and bureaucrats have to PAY for their own care out of their pocket like the rest of us.
Our CARE costs more than the next 10 developed countries combined. Healthcare lobby is bigger than the military industrial & oil lobby comb.
Stand up to the giant healthcare lobbyists influence and address the COST of CARE.  Hospital bills are ridiculous and not based on cost.
How about you Senators give us YOUR Cadillac plans & let's call it a day? 
You want to know what Medicare for all looks like? See the VA.
You mean kind of like the VA?
Nothing is free people, nothing. Someone always pays for it. Seniors pay for Medicare via Social Security retirement.
parasite
No one got denied hospital care before Obamacare u have the right to buy all the healthcare u want u don't have the right to force treatment
A quick #Google search shows #Healthcare IS IN FACT AVAILABLE TO ALL in ALL 50 STATES & PUERTO RICO & GUAM. Just have to PAY for it! #MAGA
No.  What it is about is theft of the American people by fools.  It is the actual health care system that needs to be fixed.
Your choice where to b airlifted with your supporters, Venezuela or Cuba! Free free free!
If scamming American ppl doesn't work Democrats will continue with their anti white black supremacist agenda.Since their KKK didn't work our
That's complete BS. You can get  ever you want. I work for insurance like everyone else should do. But you Dems want to give all for votes
No vacations for until Great America Agenda is passed including repeal ocare
What Medicare For All is about is the government getting control over peoples' medical care. When Big Brother says "No," there is no appeal.
.It looks like Democrats are up to their old scams. "You can keep your doctor,  you can keep your plan" You have a right...Look free candy
Access is not the same as insurance, but I'm sure you knew that. #nicetry
.Post the costs here. American people dare you. Dems are trying to bankrupt USA to destablize our nation. #devils
Idiot
Hey #SenBlumenthal
USA Has $20T Debt
$100Bs Texas Florida Relief
Bankrupt SocialSecurity
#Dems Want Free #healthcare? Go 2 #EU 4 Socialism
That's right Americans not immigrants. Unless they are in the process of becoming citizens!
What no tweet about Russia today?
More likely, #MedicareForAll is a way to save a gov't-run system fraught with funding problems. No thank you.
Absolutely; all of Europe, Canada, Australia have universal healthcare. It's unconscionable that it's been made a selling commodity in USA!
Thank you !
CT voter here. I used to respect you Mr. Blumenthal but you became a far left freak.
Free healthcare, is that what you are talking about? Nothing in life is FREE!
What's next? 
Free Food & shelter for all?
Free Transportation for all?
Free heat & purified water for all?
Where does it stop?
When they turn us into batteries.
Great but who is paying for everything.
Thank you!!
u are a liar. seems u would have learned by now. we have affordable access to healthcare & we dont want socialized health care.
I think its time lazy ass Americans get off their asses & get their own,Im tired of govt telling me what to do with MY $,do it urselves,I do
Keep your hands off my healthcare and out of my pocket.
Govt got us into this mess, made it worse with Obamacare and now wants to take control over healthcare 100%? You can't run the post office!

Socialized medicine sucks
Don't VA my healthcare.
Amen
Amen Mr. RICHARD FINE JOB.
The Dems want the U.S to give healthcare to illegals and millions of muslims, the dems motto, Americans last.
Ditto! Vote Ct!!
How about personal responsibility , I know what a hard concept that is for socialist to grasp
My family could not afford this joke insurance called Obamacare or excuse me affordable care act! So we went without insurance! It's a joke!
NO thank you..We are adults we can buy, manage and make our own choices.. Just stay out of my PHI & off my Doctor. Say no to #MedicareForAll
Take your crap socialism and shove it. Stop pushing for goverment control and Americans being controlled.
This would result in less quality of care & less access! Socialized medicine #Fails people!
then you find them work, instead of resisting, and then I might agree. I am not paying for people who can work, but refuse jobs.
Regulating the insurance companies instead of regulating the people. Tell the insurance companies this is what you're going to pay
LIAR It's about how much control the government can have over people's personal lives. Here's an idea why don't you try
How about free Cable too $200 to 400 for controlled television.  Come on . Give everyone a car allowance too
Kick em Out & then Lovk Them Up! Nuff Sed, jh
Oops! "LOCK" Them up.
When is your term up. You are a joke
Every American deserves a Jury trial in their defense or in the prosecution of criminals as defined by Federal Law. http://brinv.com 
Idiot.
No it isn't. It is about the gang of criminals who have taken over the Capitol getting control over all of our lives. #MAFIA
Easy for you to say. Guaranteed u & ur political bros won't wait 9 months for needed, but not urgent, surgery & will get best care available
Will it be free for illegals? How about DACA recipients?
No it's not. Like #Obamacare, #MedicareForAll is about Govt controlling 1/6 of the economy. Govt is inept & has no business in Healthcare.
Healthcare is not a right/it is earned by working for it
Entitlements are dangerous for our country
WE THE PEOPLE need to be self sufficient
Amen
You have the right to get it, you don't have the right to raise taxes to make us pay for others coverage, no #MedicareForAll in the USA!!
Shouldn't every American have access to shelter? #ShelterForAll?  #FoodForAll?  #HeatForAll?  I vote #JobsForAll
The only Americans that are entitled to Medicare are the ones that paid for it. Who are you to give away what others paid for?
Maybe he wants to come work for me; do my job every day along with his so that I can just sit back and chill and collect all the benefits
Problem is, he's never had a real job. He's made a career of leaching off of everyone else.
Who will be pay for #MedicareForAll?Totally unrealistic,  health care is a for profit product, will all health care be non profit in Utopia?
@SenBlumenthal will be donating his salary & profits to pay for #Medicare4All ! Otherwise, I am not paying one cent to support this!
Medicare for all is about government control not better health care
This is a joke. A 40 trillion a year joke. Where is the funding coming from ?
When you have the same health care that we non politicians have you will speak w/ credibility. Until then, 
The only people I have ever seen turned away for care are veterans at the VA. Explain that!!!!
Show me where that is mentioned in the Constitution.
Medicare is rampant with waste and fraud, ignored for decades! https://twitter.com/cinderpugs/status/903424210218844160 …
Every american! So canadiens, mexicans and all people from Alaska to Chile
Medicare is rampant with waste and fraud! But you know that, why you want it! https://twitter.com/cinderpugs/status/903424210218844160 …
Healthcare is NOT a right! Use your brain a bit. WHY ARENT U ON OBAMACARE? HYPOCRITE
Dems want everyone to have the same pathetic healthcare they gave vets until Trump saved them while they'll exempt themselves. No thanks.
Have VA Healthcare. I want private marketplace insurance.
And I'm sure you'll sell your $1.4M Pagani and 75 ft yacht to subsidize the cost for everyone. After all you're for the people!
It's not a right it's a privilege! Why can't you get that through your head?
Every American should be required to maintain a healthy weight, not smoke, not use drugs, not drink, and exercise - part of the plan?
How will it be paid for??????
Every person in the US has access to the best health care on the planet. Did you really not know that? You're only playing dumb--I hope.
Go ask Manchin if he's working for his daughter or the people. The answer won't surprise us.
No!
Wrong word, it's not every American should have access, access is the republiklan word to get around giving HC. It's a right, period
Every American does have access...so work on better access & bring costs down, not on a single payor mess!
No it's about more power for the government my son has Medicaid and gov.  Run healthcare sucks
As long as u participate in whatever insurance u folks decide..and pay ur fair share then I am good.cause if it is ok 4 u then it is ok 4 me
Will you be on it Senator? The American people already subsidize 70% of your health care premiums! Will you denounce that for an example?
Every American should be able to believe their senators claimed military record! You fraud! Shame on you.
I want to know if your family uses Medicare...Will wait patiently for your answer...
They do. We don't want Medicare.
Our tax dollars pay for medical, food stamps & housing for those who eat better, drive luxury cars & live in hi class homes & never work. 1
Medicare pays 70%less, how many hospitals will we close?
Like prisonersFood Shelter HealthCare all free as long as money just happens & you control #FascistDems We aren't idiots.We don't trust YOU
Middle class would have to pay 60% in payroll taxes to pay for this tripe. Not enough payers for the majority mooches.
Repub Dem need 2 work together healthcare,the wall,tax reform we are all a paycheck away from being homeless
Let's do this if you and Bern and the rest of the Dems want to shell out for the cost. Ah...your own money. Not OURS! #earnit
Fucking A right 
Mystified @sengraham2016 keeps beating dead horse "giving ppl a choice" only real if rich Rest of dvlopd countries wk fine #SinglePayerNow
AHAHAHAHA! Oh, mercy! That chart's upside down! So funny that anyone would believe it. HC stinks in Sweden, UK, Canada...need I go on?
Who writes this stuff for you? Is it your head lackey? He should be fired. Will never pass and you are just grandstanding? Vietnam lier!!!
Yes. Didn't California try this? Ya they found out how much it was. Annnnddd it's gone. This is a great way to lose another election.
Raping of America. Hiding trillions in unsecured liabilities. #NoConfidence #medicare
