In an interview with the NYT, President Trump expresses anger at Sessions and Comey, and warns Mueller http://nyti.ms/2tgFrD1 
#RobertMueller 
Decorated Veteran.
Marine.
All around bad ass.
Mueller was rejected by Trump for the FBI job, next day named Counsel and he is not trying to dig unfound dirt? Mueller broke federal law,
If you were not a egoidiot you would know Mueller DID want the job or HE would not have asked the President to consider him. What grade r u?
Ok..I'll entertain myself with you for a sec.
Please post a link that says Mueller reached out to Trump and not other way around.
Ask CNN, they had an news item. Google it.
So..now I'm done with you...but attacking a patriot, Marine, veteran like Mueller is fool's work. Desparate, scared, fool's work.
Your friends are involved. That makes you no better than the crooks. Comey did that with Hillary because threats from Hughes.
@sonnyf1968 @PradierJ @Rcastro97669157 @WilDonnelly @WickedestWitch1 @Rcastro97669157 @KaraAiello @timmoore1973 @FishFunSun @TheJusticeDept
I think he should be firedonce he started hiring Clinton clones, man Trump fired and he is big buddies with Comey, and many others opinions
Be careful, if it isn't already too late.  You are setting yourself up.
Den leaders just keeping that pot stirred. Libs are just a jumping on his Blumenthals words lol
That settles it; you @FishFunSun are just another Trump troll. No intent to discuss, just another "us versus you" type. Pathetic. Bye.
I misread you, I thought you enjoyed the debates. Perhaps you should block me if you don't want to hear my point of view.
But there's no point of view... Trump firing Mueller would be a major crisis at the WH, Congress etc... Period
As I said he can't fire him, rosenstein can, and if he feels what he is doing, how he is doing it, and who he is hiring, he can be fired
Warned Mueller not to delve into his family finances and refused to provide tax returns. Hmmm!
Mueller has the authority to retrieve his tax returns but if DT finds out, he might try to fire him.
Mueller does not have the authority to get Trump's tax return. Mueller has brojen federal law and Trump should fire him for cause.
 One thing Trump might have done well is he's made stupid funny again.
I did more in the military than the overrated marine.
Hoping a Marine reads your tweet! A real soldier would never make such a comment. I absolutely have no respect 4 U.
Why would anyone care what you thought
How can all of you believe anything that Blumenthal says after his years of lies about his military record?!?!
B
Reality TV on a whole new level.
With a twist of soap opera thrown in for nauseous effect 
And the GOP will do nothing.
Exactly. I wonder how much $$ Russia has paid to @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan to cover this mess up.
MORE THEN WE CAN IMAGINE
@SenatorCollins Please be strong  in your battle toget healthcare for all of us. Maybe it is time that Trump is replaced.
There was a crooked man that lived n a crooked house that had a crooked son n a daughter
Does't fall with them
Hush, Vlad
@nytimes I am highly concerned for the future under DJT. Seriously highly concerned. @RepLanceNJ7
FoxNews, Pat Buchanan and all of you pious souls at the Christian Broadcast Network, Heed the words of John Calvin.
He also allows wicked heretics like John Calvin to spread their filth:
He is a national embarrassment.
SAY IT AGAIN.
EXACTLY...THE WHOLE REPUBLICAN PARTY IS NOT TO BE TRUSTED.
Thank you @SenBlumenthal for being among Dems who are vocally calling out Trump obstruction of justice,way to be among those leading charge!
Agreed! @realDonaldTrump obstructs justice EVERY DAY! Thank you for not ignoring the death of democracy!!!
and violates the oath of office every day along with the @GOP. GET THEM OUT!!!
There is zero evidence of criminality against Trump and his kids. Trump can pardon himself & anyone else anywhere anytime.
Talk about a total lack of integrity!
Please do not ever forget that we are sooo grateful for your support, and unwavering efforts to hold this criminal admin accountable!!!
Really? Get behind the US citizens or get out of office.  This has gone far enough and we have had it with the traitors in Congress.
If Mueller is ever fired, what can be done? Doesn't seem like GOP really cares.
Yes! Blumenthal is an EMBARRASSMENT! Intergalactic EMBARRASSMENT!
With a crooked spouse the crooks was lining their pockets with everything they could
But time is drawing near for the crooks to fall lets pray our country
WHEN WILL CONGRESSIONAL REPUBLICANS START TAKING RESPONSIBILITY 4 TRUMPS DAILY CRIMES&CONSTITUTION SHREDDING?!THEYRE LETTING DEMOCRACY DIE!
Dems want the investigation to drag on to fleece the taxpayers into a payday for them!
Please learn how to spell liar, liar. #typicalDeplorable
No doubt , an embarrassment to us, for the whole world to laugh at. He is destroying our leadership and credibility.
Like this Viet Nam battle star that lied since he was not there , this senator is a known liar. He has no proof of anything other than lies.
But the GOP will have no care to busy cashing the dark money checks
Like Sanders and his 3 houses worth ovee s $million each. Like Hillary and her Billions from Russia and arab countries.
@nytimes A deep sea fishing event in an empty ocean #Dems have nothing but hype.Its hysteria in a dying CROOKED party #MAGA
Maybe the FBI would want to look into my situation since I would like your secret service crap out of me somebody forgot their equipment
Exactly & why ask about pardons if innocent.
Bluster,blast,swear,fire,poor me....trump u deserve all criticism coming ur way!
Tell it to you brothers at the vfw.   Oh wait never mind.
There is no,never has been a crime. You tools have been searching for over 6 months. Cut the bs and get some legislation passed
That's exactly what I thought. If you fire him because of an investigation it's obstruction of justice. Point blank!
I hope he gets put behind bars
@realDonaldTrump is an immoral liar and traitor.  Together with @GOP they're destroying American.  Disgraceful #GOPLiesMatter
@CNNTonight @maddow @chrislhayes @MSNBC @JoeNBC Drumpf is the only person who can say "F*#k the Police", and have 50 white men (GOP) follow!
You democrats can't accept that fact that President Trump won because you are so damn corrupt
Nothing more than a left wing witch hunt how dare he hires an attorney from the Clinton foundation others who r Clinton donors.
You are a pathetic liberal loonie bin who has the nerve to lie about serving in the military.  The group mueller is putting together is
He's running scared. What on earth did he think was going to happen?
Yes but the spineless @GOP in DC won't care or do anything about it.
And he CONTINUES TO GET AWAY WITH All OF IT!!!!
@co_rapunzel4 @BeltwayPanda @pannlewis44 #FBI #Veterans Don't Be Distracted! HOW to Remain Focused & FIGHT Back http://linkis.com/huffingtonpost.com/J1Tog …
He's been willing to interfere w/investigations all along... nothing's stopped him... fired Sally Yates, Preet B, J Comey... what else...
Nope. It's putting an end to the endless DC establishment's charade. Time to focus on the American people you ninnie!!!
Threatening and trying to intimate....
How do we protect our democracy?
agreed.  when will trump supporters realize they have been used by trump, for his narcissistic feed. trump is the pied piper

Rump is a bucket mouth and a fool
@GOP step up! Do your job! Hold this meglomaniac, narrsasistic, wannabe dictator accountable! Protect our democracy! Country over party!
We need to lock up him and his entire family and gang of thieves!
Will SOMEONE please indict this creep @realDonaldTrump  before he destroys everything? His followers need to be shaken awake.
And so what? WHO WILL DO ANYTHING ABOUT THIS? We officially have NO LAWS at this time. Wipe away the disbelief and SEE THE RUSSIAN/GOP COUP
I believe that when the dust settles, this will make Watergate look like a school boys prank.
typical mafia trump behavior, he knows he may lose everything he conned along. would be better if he resigns, while hacking vote proves true
The truth is that Putin & his spooks helped Trump get into the Oval.,IN GODS NAME.,HE IS CORRUPTED! #TrumpRussia is not a witch hunt.,
I think I saw bigfoot too!

When will Paul Ryan do his job? Clearly this man our president is not fit for this office
Time to *demand* totally independent special investigation, 1 #Trump can't obstruct, fire as he can Mueller coz he's acting guilty as hell!
That's my take on it as well...trying 2stop investigation appears like Obstruction. And, DT seeking pardons...sounds like guilt!
Trump needs to be impeached. He's destroying  our Democracy.  He only cares about himself. The Republicans are aiding and abetting him.
I hope they investigate Grand Pappy Trump too. lock 'em all up!
But who will charge him!?!
Agree on all. Bet T fires Mueller. Statements about boundaries not to be crossed r his creating reasons for termination. Gross insecurity.
FOUR lied on security forms ... ONE plotted to kidnap .. NONE arrested.

How many cases of obstruction does it take to bring this man down? When will action be taken? @SenBlumenthal
Come on let's get the impeachment ball rolling here he is not going quietly
I wish you had as much zeal against known law breakers such as Hillary as you do trying to find a crime?
Now It looks Like Trump wants to fire Mueller and Try to Pardon Himself, Family&Others. This is Horribly Upsetting& I think We're in ...
A Real Constitutional Crisis. GOP needs to Work with Democrats and Do Something Legal about Trump This has gone on too long.
Fun times in the USA...2017 Edition POTUS 45 sud-heading
Or a good legal strategy. If you can't win on the facts, undermine the investigators and prosecutors
You are so right. Maybe all Congressman should ask: Is Trump fit for the job? VP Pence could bring us together to address our challenges.
Remember the good old days when Trump "wanted to get to the bottom of the Russia thing?"
So why don't we make a citizens arrest and cart him off to jail?

I agree,just proves TrupRussia!
You have no credibility and very poor judgement! Obstruction of justice is ludicrous
sad part the people have seen the dems do nothing at all since trump got in office.
If Sessions is fired, does Executive Privilege still cover his discussions with @realDonaldTrump ?  What if Sessions resigns?
The only thing more damaging to Trump than his Tweets is his interviews.
Out of curiosity, if he would fire Mueller, can we charge him with diminished  mental capacity?
With @POTUS flip flops serving mostly chaos, hard not to imagine him as a Democrat infiltrator to destroy GOP by revealing their natures.
It's been obstruction of justice since Comey but the republicans are stopping any justice there is no democracy in America only treason
can all u fellas w the blue ticks pls do something other than stand about commenting tx #Trumprussia
@PatriotDoright @nytimes That's fitting...he fired Don Jr this week 2
Then he best hold the House if he does. He cannot unilaterally disband it.
#MakeMuellerNotFireableByTrump
Anyone-regardless of political stripe, & with a modicum of intelligence - should be appalled & worried at the danger to democracy Trump is.
@AltCyberCommand @nytimes Yet again...#treasonousGOP does nothing..#whatWillItTake
So what you're saying is we should all be able to take the NY Bar by the time this thing wraps up.
Unless Mueller takes Hillary down 4every reason #Comey articulated, But @realDonaldTrump gets taken down.Thats not going to go over well.
so why wasn't an amendment put in place, If a President is under Criminal investigation, he has no power to fire investigator
Makes a lot of sense to protect the American people from a Rogue President
Yeah and None of us should be Going Through All of This now or ever!  GOP Could have saved The American People from All The Suffering Trump
I agree
We have a criminal gang running this country with agent orange as The Godfather.
And your friend McConnell stealing supreme justice seat goes unpunished elected Republicans are enemies to health and welfare of USA
You lied about your service. You're pathetic.

#StolenValor
Hes doing it 2 himself. When it happens he will only have himself, his empty head, his mouth, & his uncontrollable twitter fingers to blame!
When TRUMP threatened Mr Mueller,Trump basically said:"Don't look in the car trunk for any bad stuff".So of course Mueller opened the trunk!
They might take him for analysis, but once he starts talking, i think they would drop his ass back on earth. Bad for us !
If he would talk like this to the NYT, knowing he's on the record, how does he talk to Putin in private?
@CNN: Areva Martin is so wrong! Race did not condem OJ. He is a serious offender. His narcissistic personality demonstrated even TODAY .
Mueller should resign and disband socialist liberal lawyers he has hired
Git yer game face on...if you can go after big tobacco surely you can go after big ego.
A criminal case for a criminal!!!
He's a criminal.
You're full of u know what.U let Obama use the irs to go after conservatives Hillary's violation/classified info.Pathetic.@realDonaldTrump

Will the real Alec Baldwin please stand up?
On today's episode of America Sold Out, the role of the president will be played by a reality show EP/bankrupt hotelier named Donald Trump.
Well I guess #midgetfingers @realDonaldTrump hasn't learned this isn't business lawsuits he can make go away.
Are the exact reasons for Term Limits.,  you and your friends clearly prove your only goal is to destroy Trump Presidency with NO proof .
Mueller is threatening the Constitution with an unconstitutional General Warrant and must be fired.
Answer up Vietnam hero, how is doing something he can legally do Obstruction? It's not so quit lying. You and fellow political terrorists..
The hinges are coming off the door!! Slowly but surely!
It's obvious that #trump has been allowed to live above the law his entire life & assumed being Pres. wld make that more true, not less. 
I CAN'T TAKE ANYMORE. I want to see justice served. He has gotten away with being a crook his entire life.
Any reasonable non hyper partisan is no longer taking you seriously - CT and country deserve better in a senator
Like Trump needs one more charge added to the list of criminal charges. Go ahead #Trump add #ObstructionofJustice
Too bad Republicans are too spineless / complicit to do anything about it...
Lying about serving in Nam exemplifies YOUR character. Prove your accusations or shut up already. Your costing the party more votes
It's going to take more than obstruction charges to get GOP to abandon their firewall for Trump.
Trump is always threatening & demanding. Very ill mentally
Boooom!!!
Real crime  before our eyes like the Obama Clinton administration there's real crime how about that Richard .
Trump has always been too conceited, and too stupid, to realize that everything he says and does is another piece of obstruction evidence.
Trump could not have been more clear about his intentions. He's going after Mueller & won't hesitate to fire Sessions if need be. #Shitstorm
Well---that's a big stretch to make that conclusion.  But we must #RepealObamacare and citizens will have to obtain their insurance or die!
Time for Senators to go back to work & stop playing prosecutor. Mueller does not need your assistance or encouragement. Lets work shall we?
I don't understand why the republicans have not warned Dump ! Seems like they're all involved
Hope so.
But not before the eyes of the blinded 40% (now only 30%).   They are still waiting to see AMERICA MADE GREAT AGAIN.  Obstruction?  Justice?
Wouldn't it be great if we could just throw him in jail until the investigation is over.Then we can throw away the key
Please, can we do it?
@AmanMama @nytimes Trumps obsession with the Steele Dossier, says that there are more clues contained within.
Exactly, #trump has been breaking the law in front of our eyes as if we were all deaf, dumb and blind like the #GOP
Trump is stupid and thinks he'll never be held to account because he's gotten away with crime all his life. Hoping for a big surprise 
Trump is Anathema.....
Also not helpful @realDonaldTrump told the world he expected the AG to make his "Russia Thing" disappear. Shows clear intent to obstruct.
@rulajebreal @nytimes 1A
And don't let that ignorant draft dodging clown in the White House bother you at all. You're the hero! Get well soon!
Can you bring criminal charges against a sitting President?
Thank you for your voice  thank you for diminishing our fears. From a grandma in Florida. very concerned
LyinDonnie & fan club will say he didn't mean it as a threat. It was about adoptions
@TheBaxterBean Absolutely it is.
Will JudComm, protect Mueller from being fired ? What happens if Rosenstein refuses to do Trumps bidding or does ? We need answers Sir .TY
What will you do about it?
He thinks he is above the law! He needs to be put in his place! Hopefully prison!!
Time for articles of impeachment
It seems like a GOOD lawyer would have put a muzzle on @realDonaldTrump by now.
Why couldn't you be our President?  2020?  #JustSaying
You obviously don't know the law on obstruction. Go back to what you know best, STEALING VALOR.  USN (Ret)
You need to do whatever is legally possible to bring that criminal to justice and remove him from power. Our nation is being held hostage.
Reminds me of this....
@RepGoodlatte What's your opinion, Bob?  Do you have an opinion? Or will you and fellow GOP just continue watching the meltdown?
Trump is a dictator. He does what dictators do: bully people in trying to get things done their way.
Curious: if he fires him, can you all bring forward more calls for impeachment before we end up a full on autocracy ?
Like to refer to it as Trump Mobocracy & Family!! How many rights of pressseesss, damn can't say pres@#=÷$ anymore, has he crossed the line?
He's mad at everyone because he doesn't believe he should be held accountable for anything.
Its clear that @realDonaldTrump doesn't understand what the AG does. It is not to protect the Pres. From criminal charges but to protect us.
You can't make this stuff up.
No you can't. We should all be thankful that ALL of their big mouths are gonna be their downfall
Yes indeed. He can tweet his way in, I pray he tweets his way out of our country. Flee to Russia. Go to China. Just get out.
