Here's the full interview with @SenBlumenthal
Impeach Trump give Hillary Clinton the Presidency by default only fair thing to do.
POP GOES the WETDREAM!!!
and et dream is Trump doing a good job.  LMAO
Wazzup? Feelin the Bern, ehh....
In your case wrong end lobotomy.  LMAO   I an so funny.  Maybe I should do standup.

You have a Obama Bum?
What a croc. Jr is private citizen, no laws were broken. More hype by the left. Let the Russia thing go already. People want health care!
So what about the Russian Ambassador? They all lied under oath and denied every speaking to him?
Nobody lied under oath. And nothing illegal has been done. Most of America want the dems to get off the witch hunt and do their jobs.
Can the election results be overturned due to criminal activity by @realDonaldTrump and @HillaryClinton be named winner? #unchartedterritory
Even if it could (IT CAN'T), then we'd have to kick out Hilldawg 'cuz she really HAS done criminal things (even Jim Comey said so!)
What "criminal things" has she done? When did James Comey say HRC had done "criminal things"?
Jim laid out the list in the 5 July 2016 news conf; then "chickened out" re: prosecuting.  Trey Gowdy said there would be mass carnage 1/2
So in other words your your completely generating your own narrative of events that's in fact were proven untrue! Good to know! #FakeNews
I see you limit yr info intake to CNN & MSNBC & similar ilk!  So Sad!!
If you care about America, stay with truth. #FightForUS
Did you hack into the Clinton campaign emails for this?  Come on now,  election is over, you can be honest now!
I don't think jr. understands how much trouble he's in, He's not very bright. Pbly thinks its another lawsuit he'll have to settle.
You're not very bright if you think he's going to jail.
It must be  hard to be so convinced you were right about trump only to be so wrong, to miss the obvious clues, How humiliating for you.
Kushner stands a very good chance of going to prison, up to 5 years for making a felonious false statement on security forms.
CT is going bankrupt and this jackass is on tv.  Everywhere but where he should be.  CT will remember when voting
not like he deleted 30k  state department emails, bleach bit hard drives, then destroyed them with a hammer
oh comin from the guy who is taking a huge state funded pension from connecticut while the state goes bankrupt #Fakenews
Stuff it you dumb troll.
ah yes the radical angry left come burn my house down u manic
I wonder if talk like that & your unsupportable "treason" comment is why we Democrats seem to be losing elections all the time everywhere?
Richard I could go on with the crimes commited  by Democrat leaders. If your are reputable, then you will demand investgation & prosecution?
Who tamper with Dem primaries & commited Detroit voter fraud & elsewhere. Who did unmasking & compromised US national security thru emails?
Dems sold uranium to Russia. Allowed N. Korea & Iran nuclear &  missle advancement. Tamper with Isreal elections! Who are criminals?
My Uncle died in Vietnam. This little boy "pretended" he was He's a disgrace to the USA and all #Veterans
MSNBC and the other smarmy channel, CNN always welcome your kind with open arms. All liars making up shit to hate on Trump. You are losers!
MSNBC and CNN is where all you lefty lying morons like to appear. They buy into your fake stories. What's next, when this one fizzles?
Whoever is keeping you in office MUST realize you are a lying blowhard with no moral compass. No wonder your side lost big!
Jared Kushner faces 5 years in prison Exposed on @TheLastWord
No.  No it's not.  Not even close.
Outlaw ALL opposition research NOW #forthechildren

Not necessarily: A big misunderstanding but nothing more if the guys in the mtg didn't connect Magnitsky Act repeal to a quid-pro-quo.
Didn't you LIE about serving in Vietnam. You have less than ZERO credibility
They will take the code violation 1030 and work around it till is 0... I can only hope they pay for selling out our democracy
NO ITS NOT.  Focus on getting bills passed to help CT people
Focus on healthcare bill for crying out loud.
No One Cares about RUSSIA-we care about
Please start focusing on working for people not for time
sick of pettiness
The media and some other were acting as though they had what they learned recently. What is the difference? Let investigators do so!
Blumenthal is  an extremely dangerous anti American traitor. His treasonous statement should be investigated.
What about lying about serving in Vietnam Blumenthal - there's evidence of that you leftist hack.
#TermLimits
the only bombshell is you. You are so off base. Hearing some dirt on Hilary is not a crime. We are not at war with Russia. Stop politicizing
Trump Jr. was NOT in government. Neither was the attorney he met with. LOL
If it was an act of war as you suggest, and Obummer knew it happened, why didn't he do anything????
You r a fool. And think, 'we the people' r fools. You just told CNN that "Russia's hacking was an act of war'.YOUR WORDS. If so...........
After meeting with his handler & Putin, expect Traitor-In-Chief, .@GOP & Russians to actively pursue shutting down of Mueller investigation.
Who in the hell elected that dummy?
#FakeNews #UsedtoWatchMorningJoe
#FakeNews #UsedtoWatchMorningJoe
Every member of Congress is a Constitutional lecturer now.  I love this.
Get em Richard
Go to jail, go directly to jail, do not pass go. Oh you have a get out of jail free card. # Donald senior will bail meet out.
How many more meetings and emails maybe thousands of emails. What r you hiding from FBI, collusion with a foreign govt. is jail time. # DTjr
Actually, it is NOT (unless we are in a declared state of war with the country in question!)
What was in those emails that was so damaging to the DNC? And how does Trump Jr. Meeting with a Russian lawyer equate hacking?
This may explain things
Then what was Hillary's?
if Trump was colluding why would Jr meet with low level official??? Dick time for you to go to pasture
IF THIS WAS A DEMOCRAT DOING THESE THINGS He would be in jail.
Hillary Clinton did with the Ukraine! Golden shower dossier! This whole witch hunt is a joke and damaging the country!
Trump Jr came clean on a meeting. You lied for years about your military service. Meanwhile -Aetna a and GE driven out by people like you.
An other lying Trump! Its in their genes.
#TrumpJR:
"No Hunting" means
- can't bring a hunting party
- can't aim and fire! 
If you didn't bring meat home, you still broke the law!
#TrumpJR: 
If you didn't bring meat home, you still broke the law!
#RussiaGate
Dum da dum dum  dummmmmmm J. Friday 714
Why don't you concentrate on your job. You are not a criminal investigator.  You are a legislator. Fix the ACA.
"Would you like a side of crow with that nothing burger?"
Stupid comment
There was plenty of evidence against OJ too
Senator Blumenthal is a lyin rat,  says he performed special missions in Vietnam. Liar never went to Vietnam low down trash.

If DTJ was colluding with Russian by trying to learn about HRC colluding with Russian than will the investigators be colluding with Russia?
Every time they have another one of these disclosures Trump team lawyers loses ground that there was no intent.
It's a nothing burger
More bombshell evidence that is talked about endlessly by dems, and this network, but never appears. You guys should pay NYT for stories
no it isn't -- give it a break, girls
Sorry but to clarify; criminal intent of what crime, exactly? Even if this is wholly true-still not illegal
No, as Van Jones would say, it's a #NothingBurger
May be it is and may be it isn't. I think it's wishful thinking by some Trump opponents.
NYT just gave you guys another Russian story, this will also blow up.. just like the rest.. msnbc just reads on air NYT and WAPO stories
Please! Stop it  You lost  Accept it

They are criminals who intend to do things. Works for me.
So is your very existence Hardnutz. #IHATECHRIS
Lol you guys just wont quit with this shit 
Hahahahahahahahaha
Maybe you should watch real hardball. How about Aaron judge?
He lied about his service in Vietnam. He's lying again now.
Then do something about it instead of just taking about it.
Lulz.
If only you could bring this kind of zealousness to the HC crises. As usual, not working on what matter to the citizenry, only your party.
Good to see so many anti american leftists come out of the woodwork lately using words they hate like patriotism, love, country, rights, law
Yeah, and your a Vietnam vet.
Another embarrassing thing for media to have to sweep under the rug later. Lol
@SenBlumenthal name the crime that was committed? Did #DNC pay Steele for op research on Trump? Why did Podesta take money from Russians?
What conspiracy and what crime has been committed
@SenBlumenthal is deceitful SOB. Bombshell like Trump investigation when he wasn't?
Really? Bullshit. If you're going to charge Don Jr, you better get ready to charge everyone from Clinton camp who colluded with Ukraine
What fools! Talking about a meeting they didn't attend & about communications they have not seen because it makes them feel good.
Do something about it!!!
Your hysterics are showing.
Why is this an issue however when the Democrats talk to the Russians it is ok? Why are the Democrats exempt?  This is crazy!
Dicky boy stop enough with the conspiracy shit, focus on the bigger picture!!
Prison will be good for jr. may build character.
Lol, for talking about adoption?for not saying the meeting was called about oppo's first? The Potus will win this too! How does crow taste?
Joel, bless your heart. Turn off Fox & get a clue.
Why thank you, appreciate that. Don't watch Fox but I'll tune in. Btw, be careful, dead end coming up fast.
Jr just released the emails. There is no good explanation for this.
Right, cause the left usually destroys them. That's why it seems so foreign. Jr is saying "nothing here and nothing to hide." Next Windmill
The emails are incriminating, which you would know if you read them. Research before wasting more of my time.
we'll see. Holding as much water as collusion and obstruction.  Yeah, that's why he released them. His lawyer said release them unlike HRC's
Joel are you that dumb?  He released them because NYT told him they were going to release them.   Get a clue
Oh absolute bombshell!!!  Let's see what becomes of it....0 as per
People who flout the law so openly and with such disregard for the consequences of their actions belong in JAIL.

bye bye baby trump
He didn't break any laws.
What about the Hatch act? Failing to report meetings on security forms also a serious federal crime.
Doesn't apply.
We shall see.
Please throw the ENTIRE book of law at the trump criminal family already.
So says the coward who lied about serving in Vietnam.
He lies again to help himself politically.
More fake news
Senator Blumenthal is working on the investigation firsthand. He knows how much more there is.
Evidence like this?
Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump backfire http://politi.co/2iird1a  
Jr is a pvt citizen. What has been filed due to his action seems minor, n is not considered treason. BUT it is only 1 thing - more is coming
what do you plan to do about this Senator?
What a shame that Trump may have sacrificed his son's reputation for the sake of 'winning at all costs'.
The Trump House of Cards is Crumbling as it falls....WHO hits the ground first...
Come on this nonsense has to stop there is nothing there. HRC had many more suspect "supporters" and crickets.  Time to govern
No it is not. #FakeNews is still phishing and all news stations need headlines. He got the motives of an old friend trying to utilize him.
The clinton campaign PAID fusion GPS for the phony russian dossier on trump.
This guy Blumenthal is a real piece of work! What a complete phony.

#YoureSoStupidYouVotedForTrump
Why are Holder and Obama running loose Fast and Furious
Can't wait until this entire administration of thugs is gone.
to get Hillary's e-mails.
Finally, something that proves complicity and criminal intent what many of us suspected.  From the time Trump invited Russia to hack us
Hard to believe this is what we continually get from our 
senior Senator; truly an embarrassment for CT; can only hope ourvoters say enough
The Truth will set us free from the DT regime by the way Pops Trump knew what Jr was up to the kids can't make a move without Pops approval
More useful than yo Obama phone....
Reptards.... That's a good one.... Suggest breath mints.... Heavy stench of Koolaid wafting from your direction.
MSNBC= Most Stupid Nothing-Burger Commentators

Dem politicians once again showing how WORTHLESS their Harvard diplomas R with STUPIDITY.
This was not a spontaneous act this was a premeditated action with intent to work with Russia to determine outcome of US election
You mean like the spontaneous ACTS OF Clinton abusing raping and sodomizing women?
You people keep pushing that,when the claim was retracted & admitted to be made up. Just stop,if you can't defend the Trump's honestly.
When will action be Taken? Why does Kushner still have his security clearance? That is unacceptable!
Lol
Treat SenStolenValor with a grade A Large grain of salt - truth and honor are words unknown to him

hahaha
Are you sure your human?
#MAGA
Then lets see swift actions taken...and Trump needs to be out of the office

Oh... Bombshell evidence....bombshell... gotcha... ok great .  Thanks Senator.  FYI CT is going bankrupt in case you want to work on that
#YoureSoStupidYouVotedForTrump
Thank you for this, sir.
No.....
@hardball True
Cnn and the debate questions, dnc and fixing against Bernie, Hillary and Russia, lynch and billy on the tarmac, podesta and voter fraud, etc
This isn't criminal right?
demsenators, keep folling their  followers.  For 8yrs  they failed. They  see Russia as a  wy  out.  Wake up  and  grow  up liberals
"Bombshell" Come on Senator @HardballChris is going to get that thrill up his leg again and that could be trouble for you
#DonaldTrumpJr
Just LOCK HIM UP please!!!
Lol
keep throwing shit up against the wall and see if it sticks, hopefully it won't back fire on your ass, fool.

He is an idiot.
Instead that democrats start working for their people .
Democomunist. Party are doing nothing
Another bombshell that will go no where. Keep banging the drum and doing nothing for the State o Connecticut.
#YoureSoStupidYouVotedForTrump
Can you focus on the debt or the lack of a budget in CT focus please on what you were hired to do
Blumethal is good candidate to initiate a law suit because he has sued everyone on earth for every reason imaginable!!
Jr. is right on the edge of treason
the question is, was don jr on the grassy knoll?
How about a GOOSE EGG!!
Slam dunk Is say
BlowThemAll, plenty of evidence against you for STOLEN Valor
Yes and I was around when Donald Trump recieved 5 defferments because of a sore foot. Your point
No but he spent time whining about parting being his Vietnam as he might catch the clap
@bartlet4amer @majere13p @BrianPaulStuart @hopeful42017 The Cops theme song keeps playing in my head.
QUIT eating Pizza!
I really wish this Senator from CT would focus on important work, which does not include Russiagate in any of its forms.
Spare me

Oh boy oh boy now we got em is Hillary president now pant pant #watchoutforthatrake
No it isn't.
A message for @SenBlumenthal .....
Lock him up
Nothing burger
I'd love to see what kind of shitstorm is going down in the west wing tonight.
None. It's 100% legal to do what they did.
But why? Why did W.H. officials release this info? I think that's important to question.
They didn't Jr who can't stop bragging about how much Money they make from Russia did
Said by a former state Attorney General who would know.
Yes.
They'll buy "justice" with ill-gotten funds.
Disgusted.
Fast and Furious, Benghazi,IRS,NSA,ACA, URANIUM ONE, PIZZAGATE,#SethRichCoverUp , Tarmac Tango.....Go back to sleep.
Ask him about his tour in Vietnam. Oh that's he's a liar.
Like they did to Comey?
Or Hillary for gross violations of security punishable by prison?
Pathetic! Try Clinton/Lynch/Rice/Brennan/Powers/ Comey /Podesta you want the truth !!  Afraid to find out ???
I bet you think youre a good Christian lady too.. one who voted for this guy
Yawn, fnn
what a dope, conspiracy n crim attemp at what
Thank you for your "service," dick.
Richard,  your Bombshells have all turned out to be duds. This one is no different. Be good little Democrat and go work on Healthcare.
Big nothing burger!
#HouseOfLies; Lies without Reservations; Lies upon Lies; Lies without Conscience; Lies even there's no reason to lie #SadVerySad

Impeach Trump for Lying, illegal campaign, and collusion with Russians.  Hillary Clinton wins the election by default only fair thing to do.
Jr. Is not the President so who cares if he stay there for a year it none our business
BS.  THE DEMS NEED TO END WITH THESE ATTACKS
Yep!!
meeting was stupid ignorant, egotistical incompetent but collusion takes brain power what happened is just proof they r Putin Patsies
The so called journos just let these loons say anything bad about Trump admin and don't even question based in facts. #NothingBurger
The #Stupidity like this reflects is why Dems lost 1042 seats under progressive loons. MSM is starting to lose also due to this liberal bias
Senator you're surely masturbating to this Russian meddling.  Its horeshit.  Leave it alone. Focus on America!! STUPID
Please STOP POISONING AMERICA. Clintons and DNC have committed so many crimes you so conveniently try to hide with this STUPID Russia BS.
Tell your ILK VOTERS are watching and will vote more #Democrats out next cycle. You are paid to serve America not destroy our @POTUS
'Consciousness of guilt' watch my VIDEO Trump denies Russia ties and 'loans' NINE times in 60 Sec at 1/11 Presser
This is a least heaving breath of a corrupt system they tried to impose on he rest of us. What arrogance for the prevaricator he is.
asking @SenateDems @SenateGOP @HouseForeign @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats to defend USA from all enemies domestic (Trump) and Foreign (Putin)
Where is our rule of law?  Can campaigns contact China, Iran, N Korea for foreign assistance during our national elections?  This is treason
Actually, this is Treason.....
Nice try but none of that is treason. Colluding with an adversary to hack our election that's treason. Trump was Putin office.
Neither was Nixon team to subvert the Paris Peace Talks or Reagan team effort to urge Iran to hold hostage til after the 80 election, huh?
Or B. Clinton allowing sale of missle technology to China, or Barry+Eric selling weapons to Mex.drug cartels, or abed by 8 for Benghazi...
