You'll see hon, when it's all said & done, it's gonna be nothing except the DemoCRAPS hate trump & want him out.
Lol no he's not. I'll bet you a cup of coffee I'm right.
My wife likes Indar tea. You ever heard of that?
Obama had a private line - Hillary had one to Iran too.  So they had secrets?  Let's investigate!
Obama & Hillary had back channels along with Dems. Did you critcize them?

Oh really you know that for a fact?
You do know I am a voter and will not vote for you because of your anti Trump rhetoric. You should shut up...you represent ALL of CT.
Stop chasing phantom stories. Get to work on solving real issues that affect the voters. Ok Sarge.
Yes he does owe an explanation aside from the fact he should not be in that role - what ever that is
ALL U.S. Senators put a stop to this MADNESS immediately! What more do we need? Russia is NOT an ally to U.S. on ANY level. ESPIONAGE act!
I really hope others Senators embrace your Lead Senator Blumenthal. Allegiance to party should be thrown out the window, & only for truth.
U owe America an apology for stolen valor!!! Vietnam.(.Not) That's fact unlike the assumptions u make
as a Democrat to a Democrat instead of you following the party, take the lead an work across the aisle to accomplish something
Name one of you politicians that doesn't have secrets.  I'll wait
Kushner needs to be arrested and prosecuted for lying on his security clearance form. #TrumpRussia #russiagate
Hope you are never placed on a jury.  Conviction without facts?
Like you explained your lying about your military service, hypocrite POS
Well Richard if you must investigate Kushner, then you might really want to do the same for your girl Hillary, and Obama. One more retire
#Kushners request for Russian Communication lines means he HAS SOMETHING TO CONCEAL from @FBI @CIA @NSA @DHSgov @ODNIgov and it's illegal
Rachel Maddox already did stories on their money trail,very illegal
Blumy ZERO jobs created. Drops Malloy Conspiracy for Sen. Nomination. Refuses to show Income Taxes. State job $112M?
Kerry tried to do the same, but even the Russians knew he was a puke. Why don't you investigate HIM?
If I were you, I would be more concerned about Hillary and Bills foundation than Kushner's conversation with Russia.
Dick, put your hand back inside your pants & get busy. That's the only thing your good at. Pelosi Zombie who is losing power
Only someone who needs illegal alien votes & does not have policies for Americans keeps bashing
Dick, what are you doing about Obama Admin unmasking people against their rights
When will you do your job and quit spouting fake news? Get back to work
"...treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors..." All in contention at this point.
Then what was Obama hiding since he did the same thing?
You mean like Obama? With Russia? And Iran? Sometimes Dick, you sound senile. Are you well? Used your Obamacare for a well checkup?
Sort of like Obama's secret line to Iran?
#TrumpTrain
Hey senator i have anonymous source that says dem lawmakers are colluding with isis leaders to take down the US from  within. Any comment?
Please Richard your boy oboma your girl Clinton did the same and worst so give it a break just retire for peet sakes
Meanwhile take away his security clearance
At minimum, his security clearance needs to be revoked right now.
It's amazing the level of hypocrisy from Dick & the Dems. They have no shame. The age of social media and YouTube has exposed the Left.
You owe the voters of CT something other than constant attacks on @POTUS and staff - what are you accomplishing other than this?
You mean like Lois Lerner
Today's press conference should scare every American.  Was that Baghdad Bob at the podium? It is getting scary for our kids.
Show me the facts you have no facts false information
hey hypocrite, bama sent team to radical ialamic terrorist, iran during turnover, where were loony dems n fake news?
No, only people w/secrets set up a private server, delete it and smash it with hammers.
You mean like you intel guys communications with the media and their sources with the leaks
Like obama had with Iran and you said nothing
Why isn't anyone asking his Security Clearance be taken away until he's proven that he's not involved @CNN @ChrisMurphyCT @Rosie
News flash Dick! That's his job!!! He's supposed set up communication between our countries! Prove he knowingly tried to deceive.
Obama and Hillary do what's your problem? How did Russia get our uranium and how did Iran get our millions?

Please tell me your explanation again when you lied to us?
So....IF Obama admin has a secret line, we should know about it. Will you check into that for Connecticut?
we're waiting.......
please tell me how you propose they were colluding during the election, smoke signals? Explain Kenney's backline....
Weren't they colluding throughout the entire election? Why would they need to set up a private line?
#JaredKushner did not suggest secret back channel communication with other countries, why Russia?  #Suspicious #russiagate
Along with obama and Iran in 2008?
ok - so, if they/he were ALREADY COLLUDING (see your prior tweets) WTH would he need a back channel - WHICH BTW is used by DC regularly....
Are you telling us now that the President doesn't have secrets?  Of course all presidents have secrets.  Everyone knows that.  #Moron
Added a few notes for those who do not know the people in that picture.
Wow aren't you just something.  Pretty lame.
Lame is to support the most corrupt and bigoted WH ever.
Agreed. Or Kushner's boss owes the explanation.
You agree with Blumenthal?  Are you kidding?  There's nothing wrong with a back channel.  Kennedy, Reagan, Bush and Obama all had them.
He lied on his security clearance in addition to asking the Russians for a secret line to the Russians ( intel ) & you want him 2 explain.
Obama had backchannel to Iran. Remember the pallets of cash he secretly sent there in the middle of the night? Secrets?
Blumenthal is just a partisan hack and not too bright. Assume the worse...it doesnt anount to $150 billion or hundreds of millions to CGI.
You need to tell why you lied about serving in Vietnam!

And he's said that he's willing to talk. About back channeling. Didn't CANDIDATE Obama back channel Iran?  Call a duck a duck dumba$$
Trump is hiding his agenda otherwise he would release his taxes to the public....
Tzar Jared wanted dark channel out reach of IC 2 talk directly to Kremlin. Anything 2 do with new info re Russians had compro info on Trump
Under oath.
Comrad Trump sounds better than President Trump.  Just wish he was leader of Russia..
Follow the money!
Hey Richie, are Dem's planning on "Unmasking Susan Rice "? Just asking, hypocrite's!
constant Russia hysteria is obfuscating real news abt policy affecting our lives. Let the investigation continue & focus on issues please.

I wonder when they're going to be calling each other comrade.
Listens to Infowars, Hannity, Limbaugh, reads Breitbart and believes it. Lock stock and barrel.

Hes not going to address this.  Nobody eill hold him accountable hor anything. Mr teflon
