you can only really do it one heart at a time. And convict the guilty.
Group hugs, Friday's off, little fairies singing, free healthcare, free college, free ice cream ...just love love love #nohateact
You forgot snowflakes and libtards
Many are made up Senator. The hate crime that needs to stop comes from the democrat party.
@jameskthompson1 - Only hate crimes that Sessions will pursue will be those against cops...
TRUMP BRINGS EVIL TO EVERY CORNER OF OUR COUNTRY
yes! It is disgusting that @realDonaldTrump is more engaged in trips to Maralago than the hate crimes that happen every week.
Thank you Senator Kaine for standing up for ALL Virginians & Americans. Bravo!
@funnyygirl0901 and thank you for representing truth, morals and grace sir
@funnyygirl0901 can you show @SpeakerRyan how to be a Catholic Christian? And the negative rise of Radical Christianity. Love
@mikeofmuth First thing Tim, we need to rid this country of the hateful people in the WH.
you can do some of that by supporting the temporary ban. Your actions don't reflect your words. God talks about the double minded
Of course we can't BUT trump and his admin sure can! When he won't speak out it is a quiet OK to let it happen.
Agreed. Nice to hear you speak out on this. As your constituent, please do it more!
I voted Trump. My friends voted Trump we are multicultural
multi kkk maybe.
ewwww the KKK
not like me. my sincere apology bi polar bad that day. Respect to you. Peace.
From a military family.  My neice stattion in a muslim country now . Wife x miltary So sorry. Peace
are you arguing with me about something
why would I, don't know you.peace
You could cut in half these hate crimes if you quit singling out minorities and taking sides. #MAGA
What about your hate towards Trump and anyone who supports him?!! #NoHateAct
#pizzagate hate is real
Thank you for continuing to speak up, Senator Kaine!
What about all the hate crimes against @POTUS supporters? You fail to mention that
don't forget the uptick in threats & crimes against Trump supporters & conservative Christians by the alt-left
Gee, thanks for the reminder
we need to Impeach Trump and his cabinet to restore equality in our GREAT NATION
really impeach for what?
he has lyed about everything and insult your fellow military if that's not a reason i can't help you
Hilary Clinton looked u & every American in the eye & lied over & over
yep!!! She's disgusting
@SenBlumenthal says clintons #2
@SenBlumenthal hey Timmy, does that mean the state capital building also, wow, what a hypocrite you are, talk to your son.
Thank you Sen. Kaine
And no one can figure out why these crimes are increasing? Obviously it's because Trump is a racist who never comments on this.
so why not start with RADICAL MUSLIM TERRORISTS?? Timmy?? Hussein Obama left this legacy, U can't blame it on Donald Trump!!
What about crimes on Christians! Oh right not potential voters for you
Sir, while we've been distracted by Prez, Putin has moved into Egypt & Libya. What is the US doing?
@SenBlumenthal  Democrats are the cause of most of them. Working for the party not the country.
You are only out to divide us so you can empower yourself. typical #superdelegate you have 1 job rep.Va. try it so-called senator
you need to tell your progressives that, they're the ones who perpetuate hatred and violence
We need to get the symbol of hate out of White House #LiarInChief #MuslimBan #MakeAmericaSmartAgain
@deejay90192 Maybe STOP voting for Trumps Cabinet nominees 
There is no such thing as a "Hate Crime" Gov has no authority to tell anyone they HAVE to like someone or something.
Sometimes you have to send the son to the slaughter instead of doing it yourself. I want to see you Tim out there with your son.
I love Tim Kaine!
If you want to battle hate crimes, start w/ the Dem Party. Sending supporters to cause upset, rioting, assaults, property damage
50 state gun carry reciprocity wouldn't be a bad idea either let people be safe
What "up tick" ? You mean the increased attacks against Jews, the most threatened group in America?
No,the disabled is being beat the hell of up. Walmart I defended myself from person trying to throw me out my scooter
Thank you, Senator! 
Unfortunately @POTUS is too busy protecting us from a nonexistent threat.
Ok, you are the Senator, do you have legislation to introduce?   Do something other than complain!
@SenBlumenthal weird thing is it's the Left that is generally behind a vast majority of your concerns.
what about the riots and assaults coming from the left? #nohatemyass you're a pathetic hypocrite!!!
go away
@SenBlumenthal no kidding thanks
muslooooooms are killing Christains and Timmy boy is silent. Shhhhh.
@SenBlumenthal get your son straight on that ASAP!
45 doesn't really care.
@SenBlumenthal where is the justice department?
that's a part of the trumpworld we are living in now.  He did this
Terrorism starts at home.
no coincidence. trump's thugly american friends. he hs given approval 4 hate crimes. what a can of worms. #uptick
your allowed one free binky and all the safe places you can find! Feel better?
Did you KnowCARE?These are"Latino Americans" Killed by White Racist POLICE &ICE Police who NEVER GOT JUSTICE or OUTRAGE #NoHateAct
thugs to me!
Why dose our Gov. Justice Dept, FBI Not keep Data or Punish Racist who Do "Anti-Latino Hate CRIMES"?Like for Blacks,Jews,Gays.? RT
hate has been around since the beginning, there have been much better, much more intellectually savvy people than you who tried
The fake LGBTQMSLNC groups, these people need mental disorder help plain and simple.
no kidding!  Are you serious?  Of course!  You are so good at stating the obvious.
tell that to your colleague Rep. Steve King
LOVE STEVE KING! My guy, he rocks!

criminal Latinas need to be jailed for illegal entry. Go back from whence you came and keep 3rd world there.
Since @POTUS isn't leading on this, who will? Communities are coming together, but it isn't enough.
well are you going to do something or tweet. What's your plan
Does that include Russian immigrant children too?
It's a shame you don't denounce threats to our @POTUS and violence on his supporters.
@Rosie Had my life threatened twice in my lifetime & admire your support for Act. Doubt POTUS & GOP will support any LGBTQ action.
idiot
no shit. To make a post like this you must concentrate on blinking and breathing
Very hard to do with those two in office.
we should not ignore the constant killings and assaults against Black Americans.
We need to combat Bannon, TurdRump, Kushner ($400 million) and Putin!
baha! You want free binkys girls?
Seen the Worldwide stats on Christian GENOCIDE by Muslims yet, Timmy? Use our money for an education and get on board!
But @gop with their "think like us, believe like us, or literally go to hell" attitude give people permission to hate, honestly
@realDonaldTrump As long as we have a president who spreads hate this is a daunting task.Good people are trying too keep the peace
So true.  The lid has to be constantly battened down.   The hate out there can't ever be allowed to roam freely.
Apparently a chunk of "Americans" seem to believe Home grown terrorists aren't an issue and refuse to care. It's absolutely deplorable 
Yep !!
wow this is your first anti Muslim tweet ever
Speaking of hate crimes
He's a pathetic hypocrite!!! It's only wrong unless you're a loser liberal!!! Then you can burn city's down! Smh!!
