Thank you @SenBlumenthal for posing excellent q's and comments today at the hearing today. Painfully obvious we need a special prosecutor.
Beating up Comey for NOT CONCEALING evidence. You're a real winner Feinstein.
FYI:If Comey had concealed the investigation of the Weiner Laptop most of America would have never trusted the FBI&Justice Dept again.
Good point, except nobody is suggesting the FBI conceal anything 1)get search warrant 2)investigate 3) announce findings per normal protocol
The Democrat Senators were willing to withhold Comey's reopening the Server investigation from the voters until after the election.
Ur entire point relies on a nonexistent scenario of concealing info until "after election". Investigation was opened & completed b4 election
Chaos that ensued post comey ltr entirely avoidable. ur point would b 100% valid if investigation went past 11/8. It didn't. Just a fact.
Thank you Senator Blumenthal for asking directly about the need for an independent investigation. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #followthemoney
I couldn't agree more! Been waiting for someone to say this, so thank you Senator!
Culminate in any wrong doing .
99.99% of rambling today was nonsense. HRC got a free pass on her whitewashed emails & Russia also tried to get Republican emails-but failed
Might have proved intent ,,the whole thing stinks cause corrupt lynch didn't get warrant .For trumo you keep mentioning ties which might not
You should share the real evidence on Russia not your wet dreams about Russia and Trump and on Hillary Clinton she is the one with ties Russ
Susan Rice opened up Pandora's Box unless she is criminally prosecuted Democrats will be spied on and unmasked thanks to her
Video is forever Dianne, the President DID NOT encourage anyone to hack Clinton's emails You need to review that comment.
#Liar
Sen.Feinstein , I think you wanted Dir. Comey to keep quiet on Oct 28th  ,so Sec Clinton could have become President. Dirty politics
There is no Russia story Idiots, Hillary had more collusion with Russia than anyone else, We are not stupid!
There should be recourse and it should happen now. This is unprecedented. You have to do something. Election should be null and void.
the amount of secrecy is alarming. Do the American people not have right to know what their government is doing/covering up?
NOTHING to say about #Comey's appearance before your #SenateJudiciary Committee? #TrumpRussia @FBI #Russiagate #Trump #Flynn #Page #Stone
Such a slow thinking seemingly dementia ridden woman.What is she doing in such an important position?Resign!This hurts America.
One Clinton signed a form to safe guard she didn't gave unvetted access , he also state if she didn't destroy the three months of emails
Great questions today for FBI Chief Comey, esp about use of background checks for gun owners. Sanity much needed, thank you @SenBlumenthal
Lock them all up
#Russiagate want to see this on Fox
Ask Comey why he hid Trump investigation from American voters. 
ASK.
HIM.

EXPOSED: Dianne Feinstein held fundraiser with healthcare lobby firm days after slamming Sanders' single-payer bill http://www.ibtimes.com/political-capital/dianne-feinstein-takes-money-health-care-lobby-rejects-single-payer-insurance …
New deputy ag doesn't have a relationship to trump or sessions
Why do they cover up crimes by Anthony Weiner the Clinton foundation and anything relating to The criminals in the democrat party?
Thank you for asking the correct questions. #IndependentInvestigation #TrumpRussia. I really do appreciate it.
This is where politics brings out the worst of our public "servants."  These hearings are where you excel in this regard, Mr. "Senator."
Thank you Sen Feinstein. ;) Finally. He has to recuse himself and be added to the list to be investigated.
Ask Comey why he didn't keep the reopening of the Clinton investigation CLASSIFIED?
Got it, Feinstein? FLAWED candidate. You keep ignoring that. F L A W E D. I, for one, was NEVER going to vote for the GRIFTER.
Your questions @SenFeinstein is a perfect example of why term limits should exist. PLEASE RETIRE!!!
I wish you would have asked Comey: Were you concerned that had you not gone public about Clinton, others in the FBI would have leaked info?
Why aren't u concerned HILLARY'S  CLASSIFIED EMAILS WERE SENT TO PEDOPHILES WIENERS COMPUTER?
And if their was any evidence Connecting Trump to Russia It would have been put out by Obama before he left there wasn't any
Comey frames decision as speak NOW or conceal, premised entirely on inability to conclude investigation b4 election. Wrong premise. Why?How?
You missed most important point: 

If @HillaryClinton had not hid private server to begin with .... Your entire rantings not necessary
Sorry Ms Feinstein but that info before the election had no influence on the election this is the SECOND time Hillary has lost an Election
Trump was elected to drain the swamp of crony corruption like concealing investigations of a laptop w/a Pres candidate's classified material
Please thank Mr. Comey for his outstanding work involving Forrest Ranger Clinton during the election. Balanced the Scales of Justice. 
I'm an independent-voted 5x both ways in my lifetime. I didn't vote for HRC not bc of Comey or Podesta's emails. She was a flawed candidate
Who cares if you voted 5x both ways flip flopper
There would be no hearing if Hillary did not destroy 30.000 emails.
If Podesta didn't use "Password" there would be no Wikileaks issues.
There wd be no outrage from you of Comey's announcement of the Weiner laptop investigation if it involved th Republican candidate.#Hypocrite
Comey admitted he told the  media about the new Investigation on Hillary before he obtained the search warrant. Then he says he follows law
Hillary lost the election because of Hillary...period!!!
This hearing and theses Senators are the reason we need term limits.
Concerned that you don't see classified material on Weiner's laptop a problem. Suggests party before country for you.
Really held up on the past there. Nice to see Director Comey shut you down.
What happened to being objective senator? What about the immunity given and the destroyed laptops and emails?Your liberal mindset is obvious
They asked Comey if he found more info would he come back to the committee and let them know. He said yes. He did as asked before election.
@SenFeinstein Get over it already! Hillary lost because the people didn't want her! Move on! Quit beating a dead horse.
@SenFeinstein KKKillary is nothing but a corrupt lying commie anti-American thank God she is NOT pres! classified on comp
GO TO JAIL ALL OF YOU
Stop whining about Hillary she lost should be jailed Anthony Weinberg even had her classified emails If this was Trump he would be arrested
I see you and your staff sitting behind you are still crying you loss the election
Hillary was a corrupt witch , your party corrupt and made the decision she would be the candidate years earlier . Fix your party
Why ain't you retired? You and Nancy Pelosi are pain in the ass, always looking for way to bring trump administration down.
The committee & @HillaryClinton are playing a BLAME GAME & can't accept the FACT #HRC lost cuz she's a LIAR #hiLIARy @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Abedin stated the server was set up because they didn't want outside eyes , she purposely smashed devices,and she signed form
You are blowing it. Stop crucifying Comey for doing his job. Abedin effed up. Russia--ask about FLYNN!!
Thank you @SenFeinstein for asking Comey the question I have been wanting to know the answer to.
If he felt it necessary to let be known about emails.. why didn't he feel it important to tell about trump campaign investigation?
Because we wanted Trump to win.
You get me sick, Clinton didn't meet with oig , who was Clinton to skip that interview, huma Abedin told oig
It wouldn't have mattered @realDonaldTrump won by a landslide. It wasn't even close. #getoverit because we have....
For Gods sake quit blaming someone else for a dirt bag like Hillary. You know it, if you don't know that STEP THE HELL DOWN
YOU ALONG WITH THE CLINTONS & HER COUP MUST GO TO PRISON!  I understand the Clintons are involved in PIZZAGATE too
You are so ignorant Feinstein we didn't want her with or without the stupid emails your head is as thick as hers! 
YOU NEED TO GO TO PRISON!  Clinton is a criminal, a proven liar. Why the hell are you protecting this bitch
Senator Feinstein, the election is OVER, & #HRC LOST. Please quit wasting the taxpayer's time with nonsensical questions trying to help HRC.
When will you and your party move forward??? You're holding America back instead of working to unite us!!! GET OVER IT!!!
@SenFeinstein Grassley "Clinton destroyd emails" Trump w/holding docs on Flynn (&has history of destroying docs in civ.suits)
Another useless hearing with you being non productive as ususk
@Lehigh389 and WHY do we trust Comey? He is clearly not impartial.
@SenFeinstein just told Comey his "October Surprise" impacted our election while @FBI chose to remain SILENT re: #TrumpRussia investigation!
Why isn't Hillary being investigated? She is the one who belongs in jail! Dems are so corrupt and we are over it!  @GOP @DNC @WhiteHouse
She was and is dirty , Clinton, would be prasacuted if she was an average Joe. You used to be fair Dianne Hillary is dirty.
Listing to it right now. THANK YOU for putting it straight and so plainly clear that the FBI purposely harmed Hillary & protected Trump!
I'm watching it too. How did you come to this conclusion? I think you're just making up BS! 
Um, cuz I listened to her stating facts & I used logic & common sense with my big brain. Maybe u should try it
Shame on you. Still protecting Hillary. Wake up.
What a waste of time.  No wonder nothing gets done.  #termlimits
@SenFeinstein why no mention of intent? Clinton use of server=a mistake but w/o intentn to undermine US v. Russia-Flynn, etc
The #americanpeople thank you !
@SenFeinstein More opportunity fo you to grand stand, go and do some real work
Wouldn't that be nice for a change.
Forgets Hillary precipitated the email controversary by maintaining an illegal server with classified info. It wa HER actions. #termlimits
Missing the point a bit...there would be no Comey letter if Hillary had not broken law with private server in the first place
Missing the point a bit...Publicly discussing Hillary case but not Trump case? How is that okay?
Isn't this a huge opportunity for democrat/socialists to prove that they are  the enemies of the American people and the constitution?
That son of a bitch abused his position to try to sway the election - screw him
As much information about the Russian investigation as possible should be shared with the American people, as soon as possible.
Comey will say, "unfortunately I cannot say as it would jeopardize national security." Nothing new here move along.
@SenFeinstein  Thank you for the link!
