YOU ARE VIOLATING THE EMOLUMENTS CLAUSE!! They r going to prove it & remove you !  #TRUMP2020
@POTUS @GOP @DNC @seanhannity Blumenthal is a disgrace, he lied about being a Vietnam veteran (Unthinkable!) and is lying about Trump!
Only saw Vietnam on the map
@realDonaldTrump What a shame that a smooth talking lier like Blumenthal gets voted in & then critiques honest speaking President Trump!
U r so pathetic..
Fake news, fake war record, fake charges, fake senator.
Don't think you'd be the first he'd share his strategy with. Although with your extensive military experience........
No, he and we don't trust Demokkkrats to keep their mouth shut. They would only brag about how the voted yes to X# of troops and where.
You are a complete fool...pack your desk your done!
Regrettably you are not representing the people of CT! So sad
When you are not spreading Russian propaganda you undermine national http://security.How  about helping CT before everyone leaves.
You're a military expert since serving in Vietnam. Trump listened to military generals and experts but you know best. You're such a jerk


Let the people see the testimony over the Dosier!  Push to get Steele to testify!
Yea, we have drug in half the population of the world and still have no evidence against POTUS TRUMP.
Thanks, Dick.  Thank you for your service in WWI, WWII, Korea, and Vietnam!
Ur the one that's confused, there's NO diplomacy when the military is involved. When you and Obama kept us in the battle, u gave up rights.
When you get the military involved, your saying diplomatically we lost and can do no more. Then the military sees it to an end solution.
You should know this since your a politician and have been in the military. Maybe you just wore the uniform and are that great a politician

So you lie & get caught [Vietnam]..called out on it by our Prez because of your obstructionism so your response is to sue him
And We Should Believe You?????
#fakesenator
Agreed, but what do you expect from an imbecile who knows nothing about history or strategy.
well my response, he had a terrible almost 8 months, especially since Charlottesville , so he comes out with war speech, won't save him
DemoKKKrats know Russia crap with no evidenceso they stirred this up so everyone would forget about it.Lasttime u heard anythingaboutrussia

You for got to include that you are a grandstanding Blowhard that is a massive mistake on the part of your parents. Resign already
Can't wait till 2018 and we'll get rid of 20 more DemoKKKrats
He never saw Vietnam except on a map.
I trust Trump's plans over any ideas any democrats have.. My cousin is proudly fighting for President Trump but not for any Democrats
But you were for Obamas Lybia,Turkey,Syrian polivies?
I printed this and lined my bird cage with it
STOLEN VALOR. NEVER FORGET IT
Hey wait Richie,Hillary was the one who wanted your crummy advice all the time.We don't wish to hear it. You should be planning your defense
http://www.richardblumenthalsucks.com 
Liar loser,
stolen valor,
Coming a November to remember,
Whore CT Dems are out the door.
Worthless. Stop wasting our time with your endless criticism
You LIAR LIAR phony Vietnam Veteran have no standing to comment
As a person who completely lied about his Military Service, you should not be commenting on this at all.
Your comments are ludicrous! Your Opposition and Resistance is unacceptable! The military will now win!!! Wake up
Someone has to lead us to a vote of no confidence in mr Trump and a congressional censure.
If it was that easy Obama would have been out after 10 days
Who gives a shit what you think
No thanks.  I watched it myself. It was quite clear and sensible.  Your analysis is clearly biased by your "resist" at all cost mentality
DJT specializes in vague. No idea what was in HC bill or this either. Gutted @StateDept as Putin wanted, an investigatn by itself.  1/
2/ Congress should demand its Constitutionl right 2 wage war if DT wants to  involvmt esp aftr #MAGA America1st campaign. #stopendlesswar
You're an Imposter Senator! Our president plans on killing terrorists not nation building like Obama!
Is dem's plan just resist and divide us? What have you done for CT lately - the mass exodus is not fake unlike you and the news you spread!
I agree with OUR PRESIDENT. You don't air your military strategies to the world. That has been one of the problems fighting this war.
Those are talking points, not a statement. And if you listened instead of attacking, he does have a multi pronged approach. Stop hating.
you are not trustworthy on military topics
Something You missed come on outta the closet & 'Proclaim' your a  member of 'AltLeft' & 'FacistAntifa' Y'all will be styling till 2018
Is that like measuring statements regarding your heroic Vietnam military service? You have no right to comment in any way.  #stolenvalor
Let's see. Democrats Obama care, north Korea, iran nuke deal, open border. All failed
Oh forgot 8 years in Afghanistan
Quagmire.
Tell us the story Blumy how u fought in the Vietnam war and watched men die.U stole brave mens valor. Hell is where u are heading. #disgrace
Trump did this because he didn't like the climate report coming out. 
NOAA will be next.
he not just screwing America. he's screwing the world
What about Russia? Still waiting on that evidence you promised.
Please speak out to this madness! It keeps TRUMP in check! What's the alternative? NAZIS? ALT-RIGHT?
Coming from this phony lying war hero this should be funny. #fakeSoldiet
this was next on my feed, and it scares me more than Nazis or Afghanistan. Please help us get back science + sanity
http://gizmodo.com/the-republican-in-charge-of-the-house-science-committee-1797213086 …
Now this. Please follow the fossil fuels. Oil tanker rams Navy ship and DOE ships more fuels.. Rick Perry's baby: 
http://www.energytransfer.com/ 
Blah, blah, blaaaaahhh, and more blither
There are lot of issues with this .
I saw it and as an ex paralegal, not impressed.
Thoughtful response. It's like he wants to play cowboys and Indians
Afghanistan sits on a Trillion Dollars of minerals and Trumps wants it!  This should be considered a global criminal act!
Rules don't apply I guess
Trump loves war cuz it expands the power of Presidency and it rewards his big financial backers with wartime contracts.
Trump deferring 2Generals 2run r nation.These Generals will have big $ jobs after their term w/war contractors.They r creating unlimited war
the democrats stategy let isis take over iraq. what is your plan since you are criticizing it. another iraq?
We’ve been maintaining occupation 15yrs in Iraq &Afghanistan,War doesn’t get U peace! No $ 4 healthcare but lots of $ for war & occupation!
This is typical of the say nothing, achieve nothing, idiotic crap that has come out of congress for 50+ years #TermLimits U should b Ashamed
GeorgeBush went 2war w/Iraq 4 daddy, now John Kelly wants war w/Afganistan 4 his son death, stop using r nation 2 fight these personal wars!
I sure don't care what you have to say.
And today no one is talking about his racism or treason.   Mission accomplished
16 years and so many lives lost, time to slowly put a end to this war
Impeach!!!
Hey Senator, been to any Vietnam Vets Reunions lately? Oh that's right, you LIED about that.
Hey dickey boy. You are a dimm and not smart enough to make a statement. Your party caused this. Shut up the adults are in charge now.
@USPS u ready to fall in love again with i @RussiaConnects failure of pharmaceutical industry generics mailed i fraud @FDA_Drug_Info arrest©
There r 39 Nato countries that will know Trumps war plans, so why is he keeping American's in the dark... cuz that's what dictators do!
Typical globalist response. That plan has been tried already Dick. It hasn't been working.
Afghanistan's GDP is $2B, their annual median income is $700,& 70% of country is illiterate. The people are already living in the Stone Age!
Afghanistan is not a war it's an occupation & occupations don't end well. Countries don't like to be occupied it stirs up insurgents!
