Exclusive: Russian ambassador told Moscow that Jared Kushner wanted secret communications channel with the Kremlin http://wapo.st/2rHWqAt 
Please stop tweeting about Russia hysteria and focus on policy. People are so tired of the endless tirade with no evidence. Please.
Um you know there's actual evidence right? That's what they are gathering in the many investigations & why grand juries have been convened?
This is not true. If it were you know it would be all over the news.
It is. Pay attention. Get off the couch. Read a book.
I've made my point. Thanks for the discussion. I'm glad for different perspectives and wish you well in the future. 
Congrats on your degrees. I too fall in that category, think critically and read. Most don't.
Thank you. I'm genuinely just asking questions and requesting the level of alarming hysteria cease. I've asked GOP leaders as well.
Congress should be alarmed. We should all me alarmed when the stakes are this high. Tweeting is the new telephone game, true but Democracy
Please help us rid our country of this mess?  This is so terribly disturbing.
Many in Connecticut agree. We be happy for Dick to voluntarily resign and stop bringing shame on our state.
Many more of us elected @SenBlumenthal thank you senator for your #patriotism.
Yep the same ignorant people who keep electing the politicians who have bankrupted our State. We are all so thankful for what you have done.
Connecticut is one of the most prosperous & progressive states with a wonderful way of life. You can't ruin it, try as you may. Why not move
I stay here to honor my parents by taking care of them during their last days, so they won't be a burden on the taxpayers of our state.
It would be better if you would stop blaming the government for your problems and started contributing in a positive way. Best of luck !
You and colleagues have power to end this traitorous farce of an administration. God speed, sir.
Democrats need some Republicans to remember which country they serve
No we don't
@washingtonpost is this all speculation or is there actual proof other than ((cough, cough)) anonymous  sources?
Trump has very bad secrets-money laundering- even worse.  The Russians know all.
Obviously, Pence must have known, too.  Seems the whole administration is a bunch of bumbling amateurs driven by Russian corruption.
@washingtonpost you forgot not true
To hide President Trump's real Agenda!
Keep asking these questions. DEEPLY and persistently.Why, indeed? And THANK YOU for the careful attention pay to other matters at hand.
Yes keep wasting time and tax payers money
Unprecedented? No. "Inside Obama’s secret outreach to Russia, including a Kissinger offensive" by @joshrogin @bv
Waaaa.. I'm still so upset Hillary lost. Get me my bottle and pacifier.
When will the Russia BS end? Next it will be Ivanka talking to Russia using her PF flyers secret encoder ring.
Smells like collusion.
They're traitorous crooks. The GOP won't do anything though. Hmmmm wonder why
Where is the crime. Hillary & Obama had back channels!
Funny Obama did the same or do you forget that so fast when he was recorded saying after the election when he finish fooling Americans
Who said, "Tell Vladimir I'll have more flexibility after the election." Then Putin invaded Ukraine and Obama did NOTHING. That's collusion,
Guilty.    Impeach.   Replace and. Remove.
@washingtonpost Wrong again Sarge. Keep that phantom story alive though.
Please obama after his relent ion was over heard on like mic trying to sell America down than drain where's the outrage fuckin traitor
But it was ok for Obama to have one! Liberal hypocrite
#treason #impeach #donthecon
#impeachtrump
So that you and Murphy would not whine about what was said!
Wake up, now Russia is playing you
Why would a Presidential Candidate visit with foreign governments before they where even elected Dick?
Last time i vote for you time sucker
Appears Jared's vendetta isn't only against Chris Christie for convicting & sending his father to prison. Loyalty to FAMILY not country?
I think because Jared didn't want any US officials listening to the conversation with Russians "This is Espionage"#ImpeachTrump
And we can trust the Russians now?  Double Standard.
So was the spying on American citizens by the Obama administration, the misuse of the IRS!!
If true, the calls were made AFTER the election as part of Kushner's job.  You do know that US needs to speak with other countries?
What back door channel did Hillary use to sell Russia American Uranium? #hypocrite
Money.
There is that largest in #Russian history #Rosneft oil deal w/19% share & secret partners signed just a few days later.  #SteeleDossier
So don't u think it might be time to pull all of staff clearances till we figure out what the hell is going on ?!
Extremely concerned this is a #coupdetat by Russians&Trump. The only solution is to remove #Trump #KremlinKlan out of WH. Revoke clearances.
Why did the Democratic Obama administration spy on U.S. Citizens?
@washingtonpost Unacceptable.
Why don't u stop worrying about Trump and work on fixing Ct. So tired of this Trump Russia BS. U got your independent counsel. Fix Ct damnit
Stop pretend this is unfathomable;overt 2-way compromised ties with Russia. @SenateDems @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats @thinkprogress
If they did this @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP @SenateDems then there's a much larger operation that's still on going Wake up and act
Follow the money and subpoena Trump's taxes! Kushner wanted secret communications to discuss sanctions on Russia or bay rock debt!


Unprecedented? Didn't Obama have a secret back channel to Iran re: nuclear deal and hostage/money exchange, etc.?
The Omani Back Channel:


Absolutely! This is a grave matter of National security and should be taken v seriously! #JaredIsSOBusted #KushnerRussia #KremlinKushner
Why did lie lie about your service in Vietnam. You have no credibility and are part of what wrong with CT.
There is evidence your DNC rigged it so Hillary won the nomination.
Do you have evidence that Russians voted in the last ejection. More illegal aliens voted but don't want to tell people the truth
Not only Fynn compromised, the entire White House. Treason, bribery, high crimes & misdemeanors. Pick one.
It's also impossible because there's no way you would have ever known about it if it were real.
Who is the common adversary of Trump/Russian alignment?
Everyone who likes democracy?
Jared Kushner and Russian ambassador had a need for covert communications?  For what purpose?
That's what we are asking? Over turning sanctions? $$ Laundering activities?
Exchanging blintz recipes?
It's called Greed
Will he lose his security clearance?
#canweimpeachhimnow
@JJohnson2u @washingtonpost @gregpmiller They needed it so Trump can talk to Putin when he wanted.
Or was Trump in the meeting too? Certainly his ego and belief he's above the law put him in direct contact at some point!?
WITH ALL DUE RESPECT SENATOR, WHAT IS UNFATHOMABLE AND UNPRECEDENTED, YOUR POMPOUS HYPOCRISY AND JUDGEMENTAL ATTITUDE! WHO DIED MADE U GOD?

Con men
I'm sure they were just exchanging recipes. Looking for pen pals. You know, normal stuff.
So is your obsession with all things DJT.  Election over.  You and Dems lost big. #8moreyearS
Follow the 
There needs to be independent supervision of 45's team. We cannot continue to allow them to operate freely. The security of the US is @ risk
Keep going... follow the money!!!
Perfectly stated.
Is wasserman Shultz out of office yet?  Trying to intimidate law enforcement?
The Russians know a mark when they see one.
@bannerite Yeah, why @realDonaldTrump @donaldjtrumpjr @IvankaTrump @jaredkushner ?
Let us not forget, on Jan 11th, the back channel established in Seychelles between Prince & Putin at Trumps request

https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/world/national-security/blackwater-founder-held-secret-seychelles-meeting-to-establish-trump-putin-back-channel/2017/04/03/95908a08-1648-11e7-ada0-1489b735b3a3_story.html …
Why would the administration have to set up a war room if there is nothing wrong going on.
Rhetorical Q Right Senator?
@washingtonpost
WH may be under House Arrest for the first time, Security clearance #Kushner Should be suspended, Immediately! #FBI #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Take away security clearance NOW
So that Trump could talk to his friend directly.
What, no more photo ops for the day?
i live in Ct when you went to  DC i knew we were in good hands .This is your time Mr Blumenthal .Thank you sir
You like those big emotional words that don't mean anything.
Because they are treasonous bastards. No other reason. Now make & prove the case please before they start a diversionary war.
@washingtonpost all lies n fake news, loony board room shirt!!! Hypocrites all of you!Hey Blum lie again about yr war service
#Impeach45
lol remember back on January 1st when our biggest worry was repeal of Obamacare. The good old days.
Good question to ask!  Only reason I come up with is collusion. Or maybe they share recipes with #putin. #maga #resist
No, it's stories about their grandchildren lol
Whats the possibility that any member of the WH or GOP R NOT foreign agents at this point?This is getting old fast. Why R they still there?
(Rire)
Seems like the Electoral College elected a communist for US president! One for the history books.
Fascist kleptocrat
The Russians are having a real good laugh about how gullable you are
Your lies, serving in Vietnam,  are unfathomable.
@washingtonpost @gregpmiller 
and dare I say, treasonous?
It's also a treasonous act, purposeful or ignorant, that deserves to be prosecuted as such. Revoke his security clearance ASAP! #RussiaGate
Three little words - Follow the Money!
It's just disgraceful.  Please, Senator, get these people out of our White House!
@tx_blue_dot @washingtonpost @gregpmiller Jesus, this is the worst one yet. He and Ivanka cannot be aloud in the WH.
Привет, товарищ.

I much prefer you focusing on this nonsense instead of your normal nonsense.
Looks like kushner intended to leave out the Russian part for his clearance. What a trader!
Well, maybe if you're a mole for Russia...
How dare you say that about a Vietnam vet!... Oh, wait.. Nevermind.
Not to mention treasonous.
I don't know.  Why are the rest of you so damned Crooked?
