Trump absolves Arpaio of all federal legal culpability - a disgraceful and immoral attack on the courts and the Constitution.
Congress must hold the President accountable - and protect the rule of law.
Trump's political pardon of Arpaio condones years of illegal racial profiling and mocks honorable, hardworking law enforcers.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill_Clinton_pardon_controversy …
On August 11, 1999, Clinton commuted the sentences of 16 members of FALN, which is a Puerto Rican paramilitary org.
R u serious?? Where was the contempt when #Obama pardoned Manning & let 5 gitmo detainees out to kill more #Americans? ILLEGALS not welcome!
So, are you pressuring House members to impeach?
Precious the House can't impeach. That's the law.
I'm now totally ashamed of my Nation. And my Congress.

Don't force The People to take up arms to enforce the oath Congress has abdicated.
Are you suggesting war on America?
No sir it's the privilege of office just like Barry releasing known terrorists. It was a misdemeanor get over your divisiveness, get to work
Obama Beghazi cover up. Clinton emails. Clinton corruption. IRS scandal. GITMO pardons. just tip of iceberg!
So, with respect, Sir, what are you going to do about it? We are afraid that we're losing our democracy. Please, more action, fewer words.
Sugar we live in a republic.
Totally agree. It's unbelievable the silent accomplices of the GOP party!!!
What about Obama's pardon of Manning? Why was that ok
“What About” “What About” “What About” “What About” just be honest. You support Arpaio and his actions and agree with his pardon.
Not necessarily,  but the fact you don't want to apply the same criticisms to Obama speaks volumes.
Idk how you handle being in politics dealing with elements like Trump.  It's tiring/weighs on you, drags your heart down.  I feel for you.
Try looking at the good that he has accomplished so far for hard working citizens. Oh wait. Your more concerned with non-citizens.
And that would be what? Hope you don't work any overtime, bc you soon won't be getting paid for it.
But this didn't bother you at all did it?
Mr Claxton.Mr Obama was an attorney. He was also a senator. He knew rule of law& excersized it accordingly. Once again false equivelience.
How was DACA lawful?
institute a work program and international trade programs that no one could agree on & so this is where we are.Cannot kick these people out
Where was your outrage of all the criminals of Guatemala Bay? That are now free to attack and terrorize us!
Don't remember you saying anything when Obama commuted the sentences of a terrorist and drug lord.
You are so out of touch
You are one to talk
Richard, when you guys get back to Washington, you've got to focus solely on getting Trump OUT. No other business!
Trump was elected by a fair election. We can't help that the Dems put up a lousy candidate. Your comment disrespect democracy.
That doesn't even make sense. #putinbot
Not a troll just passionate about the United States democracy and Constitution. I will call people out.
Oooo. Sorry. Separation of powers and the absolutism of pardons means your opinion doesn't count.
Blumenthal is a liar!! You need to step down. You have been a disappointment to us all!!
Obama let terrorists go free. Did you forget that?
@PrincessBravato what can the American voters do can we circulate a petition signed by all registered voters
What is the alternative for the people when the executive is destroying our nation & congress do nothing? Is this a real democracy?
No honey it is a republic. #solved
Oh yeah I'd much rather have a drug dealer on the street than a lawman.
Try doing the job he did I would want him in a foxhole before you oh I forgot you would be in Canada before fighting for your country
Good luck with that. Bone spurs, remember? He bought his way out. So, you're alone in that foxhole you never saw.
Do something about it.  I'm so sick of hearing our leaders complain but yet his ass is still in office. #Resistance #Resist
#impeachtrump #trumprussia everyone please tweet directly on 45 real account show him we don't accept racism-ever!
All will happen is an ignore.
If @congress ignores him stripping all rights from trans now proving he is a racist and evil, democracy done
His red neck deplorables are joyful so buffoon Donny is happy (queen) for a day!
Where was your outrage when obama let release of the prisoners of gitmo?
Really? @SenBlumenthal POTUS pardons a 85 year old patriot.
Where are you on the criminal acts of obummer he released convicted terrorists Joe was only following federal laws for which people approved
I know what you people are doing you are trying to bring trump down but it won't work
Instead for talking about trump just get with him
Send them all home
I wish you and some of your peers were less polite when it comes to 45 ramifications, so feel free to call on my "not so polite" service!
Agree. Asking my reps to take action @SenFeinstein @KamalaHarris
It's pretty sad when you get arrested for complying with the law
Contempt for the rule of law ! The same rule of law that's led us into being the incarceration capital of the world ?
Arpaio was just doing his job. Trump is right! 
Please, senators, do something about the madman in the White House.
It's beginning to look like Trump's mental illness drives him to words and deeds which will most offend decent people. That's his motivation
Ex Sheriff Arpaio is a horrid little man that enjoyed his Reign of Terror in Arizona. Look at his history
Sheriff JOE was just following the law. It was obama and his idiots who should be arrested for breaking the law, just like all democrats.
Friend: juan why do u have a political twitter                               Me: why not ;)
Congress,probably scared of more tantrums and tweets.
Coming from a lying Charlie Sierra who said he was  a Combat Veteran in Vietnam?
USMCR Flag Officer who should be stripped of all benefits!
Obama's release of known terrorist from gitmo shows last of patriotism but we all know he was was never a real american to start with
Why don't you work on trying to fix the problems in this country. What have you done to help fix the problems facing working people of USA!!
BS Blummey.. That liberal Judge in AZ is a political hack. Nothing more nothing less. The big middle finger to that judge..
@POTUS @GOP @DNC This from a man that lied about Veterans and opposes democracy by blocking the people's vote! Hypocrisy! @SenateDems
@seanhannity @SheriffClarke This from a Democratic Party that runs most cities keeping people of color down! More hypocrisy! @SenateGOP
The new face of the Democratic Party! @SenJohnMcCain @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods @LindseyGrahamSC @TheTrumpTrain
Predict that if Republicans do not get behind President Trump, he will run as independent & win! Democrats will also lose with obstruction!
Democrats lied & tried to derail legal elections and collude to steal election from American people. First with Bernie, then with Trump!
Stop tweeting and hold a Damn press Conf, #DemsInCongessTweets are a coward's way of 'doin something' 
But Obama's pardon of Traitor Manning is okay with you.  You are a lying hypocrite. Can't wait til you are gone...oh yeah to Vietnam?
I have never seen a Democrat that really cares about the rule of law. Only if it fits their narrative.
You are on a roll tonight!
Had a little time on my hands. Liberals/socialist make it easy
Yes they do! Everyday I get more pissed off at liberals and how they act:(
I have heard that, but not sure that is true.
I am so ashamed of this president!
Action would be better. Words are just words. They need to ACT
#endtRUMPTYRANNY
EVERYTHING ABOUT TRUMP & CO. HAS BEEN CONTEMPTIBLE AND EXTREMELY SADISTIC.
Dangerous times.
Re Tweet often
It's really funny no one heard from u when then President Obama pardon all the drug dealers .
What about all the drug Lord's Obama let out! And the monster of quantonomo
FREE GREAT COMPLETE HEALTHCARE DRUGS OPTICAL DENTAL FOR ALL ALWAYS WE CHOOSE PHYSICIANS SPECIALISTS.
America agrees. We're anxiously waiting for Congress to ACT!
$15 PER HOUR NATIONWIDE FREE COLLEGES UNIVERSITIES GRADUATE MEDICAL LAW REGISTRATIONS BOOKS ALWAYS
Oh my aren't you something..the guy is 86.  Want to hang him?
WHY DID YOU ILLEGITIMATE THIEVE STEAL HER PRESIDENCY. STOP ICE ALL DEPORTATIONS LEGALIZE EVERYONE FREE.
CONGRESS TRAITORS THIEVES CORRUPT TAXING US UNFAIRLY UNCESSARILY STEALING OUR$$$ GIVE NOTHING BACK ALL BELONG IN PRISON.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats 
You ALL need to shout out against this. Every single man & woman who does not approve
Did you really expect a normal President? Off the rails as usual!
Nothing matters more than tax cuts, destruction of Medicare & SS, destruction of environment. Rs love Trump, he distracts from evil agenda
That silence says it all!
the world has gone mad! no one is really 'WOKE'. #congressracists
I'm surprised you can tweet while eating so much caviar.
Ever feel like kicking our government officials in the balls just to remind them that they have balls and need to use them?
each and everyone will find out that there is a Hell for Nazis too
And many Americans agree with you!
#IMPEACH2017!
Who did he pardon?  His mirror image I guess. He'll commit any sin to get his hate base smiling.  
http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_59a1787de4b06d67e337ea8a/amp?ncid=tweetlnkushpmg00000016&section=politics …
More FAKE OUTRAGE from the Left who were SILENT as obama pardoned Almost 2000 CRIMINALS/TERRORISTS! Go home Ricky boy!

Why don't you worry about working for the American people and actually doing something other than crying all the time
Do something quit complaining and do something
Friend: juan why do u have a political twitter                               Me: why not ;)
Congress should act as though Trump lied about a b.j. and they would jump to reverse this disgusting pardon of a criminal.
Oh, you are a law and order man are ya? So you are going to investigate Hillary next week and her open pay to play schemes?
Cmon, Richie, you've been around long enough to see many Pres. pardons, is this really the most egregious? Lose the hard-on for Trump!
In what world does the GOP think that this pardon is going to end well?
It also lets other witnesses know they keep their mouth shut and he will pardon. Impeach this fool - he is not worthy of the office he holds
And then the GOP always says, why do people say we are racist? Because the GOP consistently endangers the lives of POC because they are POC.
@Cherryh59  unacceptable, yet quickly becoming the new standard of the exec branch:  Down + Dirty.
Impersonating a Vietnam vet is just plain sick; so which is worse?
We can't expect ppl to have respect for law&order until we teach respect to those we have entrusted to enforce those laws-Hunter S. Thompson
#impeach
Thank you!  Getting used to the GOP silence on what DT does as they continue to put Power over Country.
How about you worry about passing a budget and good paying jobs
Are we at all surprised at Trumps behavior? We seen this coming. His supporters loved the idea of jobs. How you feel about those jobs now ?
The conservative side will hide and tremble.
Surprised by the #trump #arpaioracism?Don't bethewere sick when @SenateGOP
@GOPdismissed 
#grabthembythepussy
#IMPEACHtrump
Mr. Blumenthal. You're on list of senators committed to impeach? Where is that list so we can better support this. Leadership needed please!
DO Something!!!
So what are YOU going to do about it?
So...? WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO? Just tweet about it like the feckless dope you are
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP Silence is unacceptable. Censure him NOW.
Oscar Lopez, & Chelsea Manning, does that compare????
Yes ! I am so happy to have you and Senator Murphy representing us. Lead the charge!
Enough of the hand wringing! Something needs done!
He is tearing the country apart day by day, act by act, crime by crime.
Well Blummers who lied about being in combat in the Middle East, just watch it be accepted
Oh, go to bed
Sir..might you be able to w as few as 15 seats in both senate/house..be able to bring trump to court over pardon..not being in good faith
You're in Congress. DO SOMETHING.
We count on you guys to FIX this.
The hell it does
Pardons are legal happen all the time. Literally within scope of his powers.
And Congress does NOTHING but express how unacceptable @realDonaldTrump 's behavior has been...meaningless words at this point
Wake up Congress @realDonaldTrump is destroying our America while you do nothing about it. He doesn't belong to be in the WH. Open your eyes
Got that right. At what point can America expect congressmen to start actually working for the good of America? Absolute cowards/powerpigs
Clintons Rich pardon?
hi ya Dick. Show me your tweet where you condemned Obama for pardoning terrorist murderers and military traitors.
No Bush's fault from '08-'16. So you're right it's Obama's fault!
WHAT BS THE ILLEGALS DON'T HAVE TO KEEP OUR LAWS BUT THEY CAN USE OUR JUDGES TO GET AWAY WITH IT SO DIRTY I LIVE IN ARIZONA
So you were absolutely appalled when President Clinton pardoned Marc Rich and Roger Clinton??
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twenty-fifth_Amendment_to_the_United_States_Constitution …
#impeach45now
Do you have any idea how repulsive you are how partisan do you have one single new thought in your head that might help America
Reminded of this (Prisoners are Jehovah's Witnesses..I think)
You work with the most virulent racists on the fucking planet, pal.
Trump will say or do anything for attention! He's  not happy without chaos or crises!
The US has lost it's Constitution.
GOP has their heads up their asses, to afraid to stand up for , for Americans, our constitution and democracy, GOP is a complete failure
.@GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems 
ARE YOU GOING TO DO SOMETHING NOW??
https://twitter.com/Mamaleh_Trump/status/901501732341022725 …
It's unacceptable to lie about your time in the Military. Hypocrite

Silent because Trump is doing the right thing. Arpaio did a lot to protect his citizens and keep the area safer.
Knowing this conviction of the sheriff was left wing move by your counterparts simply shames people like you for stupid political moves
It's hard to imagine people so wrapped up in themselves, their egos get in the way of common sense. Your problem, not Trumps.
Yes it is for all to see  the immorality of pardoning Arpaio speaks loudly & clearly 2Trumps ethics & values. Yet many in Congress R mute
Obama pardoned crack dealer that ended up back in jail I guess you good with that you hypocrite!!!!!
What else would you expect from DJT. Is anyone surprised by this?
Show that same fake outrage when blk ppl r being killed by police
#ImpeachTrump I mean, how many things does he have to do before you file the articles of impeachment?
Doooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo something.
And yet he continues to create more messes none of you are doing anything about.
Your planet, Senator? https://www.justice.gov/pardon/clemency-statistics …
You showed a gross contempt for the truth when you lied about your service in Vietnam
Do Something about it. #Impeach45Now
Please Senator, #RevokePardonPower! This looks like a test run, even worse pardons could be around the corner!
But silence is what we will get, because Republicans are deplorable for unleashing this massive Orange rodent upon us and doing nothing.
Manning is a patriot to me
He's an idiot who deserved what he got.
GOP controlled Congress yellow bellies,failed Trump's "test." Congress's silence guilt by association,Accepting ignorant Trump.Whats NEXT?
Not that I agree with it, but it's really no different than any other Presidential pardon that is in "contempt of the law" that convicted.
With all due respect senator, please get your coworkers together and do more than tweet the problem. Put out the fire!
Next;
Already Draft,
@DonaldJTrumpJr Pardon 
Republican Party has rolled over to support Trump. They've ignored his birtherism, bigotry , xenophobia & support for alt-reality media.
He's always had that ( content for the rules of law). This pardon of JoeArpaio only shows the level that it has elevated to. #DangerZone
what will you say with democrats loose more seats in 2018
trump recognized it was a political prosecution:  illegals are a labor glut that damages americans: and you defend them:  unworthy of office
It sure is! Richard, do u think Trump paid the top GOP members off with the Russian Money that was laundered here in USA?Rumor has it!
Congress is quiet because they know what Trump did is the right thing to do. Grow up and educate yourself blaming others for your failures
LOL! I am sure in all your eyes Trump breathes wrong, craps wrong, showers wrong, walks wrong, sleeps wrong.  Keep it up and push us closer.
Richard Richard Richard, did you voice your opinion with Clintons pardons? Obamas?
And the Hispanics he harassed and mistreated.
Congress is complicit.
You too Blumenthal?  Cocktail circuit member also. We do Not work for you. You need to accept that.
Demand his removal senator even if it won't happen now. Please
All the People can do is make noise. Ending the Trump nightmare is in the hands of a small group. You are in that group. You must act.
But expected.
so clinton pardoned cocaine dealers not a word
Silence by congress so far has been shocking - don't expect much from the GOP blind mice - see no evil .,
What an idiotic statement. Joe Arpaio served honorably in the US Military and Law enforcement for 50 years. Ridiculous partisanship by you.
Congress needs to start proceedings to limit pardoning powers. I know it's constitutional, so Congress needs to act now! PLEASE
@realDonaldTrump only supports laws that benefit him, but it's more about absolute loyalty. Arpaio is a big Trump fan, so he gets to skate.
So many in Congress were likely thrilled with what Arpaio was doing in Maricopa County...
