dude you look like the freaking crypt keeper!
Did you serve in Vietnam? I read you did NOT but said you did #StolenValor ....U need to shut it!!! @SenBlumenthal @MSNBC
"Swamp Cleaner Fred" is so toxic he is either unwilling or unable to debate sanely.
Veterans, like me, find @SenBlumenthal's lies about serving in Vietnam disgusting. He stole our honor of Vietnam Veterans for personal gain.
Typical liberal  manner,bully him  to do  so.Liberal are just bullies or mobilize  the  liberal  terrorists in our colleges
This just in...you're not a veteran
My first husband was disabled Viet vet marine & I worked with many vets w/ years if scars. You dishonor them all.
Did u criticize O'bama when he criticized Fed judge?? What's good 4 goose is good 4 gander.
Thank you for standing up for the Constitution
how was that?
Time for you to retire. Pathetic!
Foolish, lying fraud!
this man is so full of s*** he's a natural-born liar
All liberals are! They just can't speak truth! It's not in their vocabulary.
check your facts dahlink.
Now we know where many leaks come from
call him in it publicly.  Call for a statement from him!!
What about your FAKE RESUME SHOWING VIETNAM VET for year and now you're caught! RESIGN you lying phony
if a judge oversteps their attorney we as Americans should not speak out!!!
You guys will find fault with him.Your district want something done for the country yet you continue to oppose Pres.
why? None of Obama's AG'S did anything like that. See how that works?
Liberal Senators when asked what they accomplished can say "I fought the @POTUS on everything. No deals, no compromise
He didn't, he lied. He would say he served in Iraq and Afghanistan too if he could get away with it LOL.
please tell us the date you plan to shed your skin again, we'd love to see it.
Here come the idiot Trump supporters
Sorry you guys lost the election. Sorry you're still sour.
Do you have those NASCAR type fire Extinguishers built into yoru pants?
oh please..
How about we condemn those that lied about service in Vietnam? Your lie is a stab in the back to every Vietnam vet.
I'm fully behind you and support... 
Another hypocrite that thinks some people are beyond questioning.  Just because a person is a judge does define him.
Thank goodness you aren't being "suckered" by this amateurish act by Gorsuch to garner support.  You've smelled a rat.
Served in Vietnam huh? Just misspoke huh? 5 deferments and a reservist tour in DC working on a Toys for Tots drive? Really?
how about Trump's Vietnam record? Oh, wait....
I hope you will not support Gorsuch...we are all fighting hard to fix what GOP broke...their obstruction gave us trump
What a disgrace!!  Lying about 'nam. That's not an exaggeration. That is a total slap in face of Viet vets.
I don't want a private conversation w/ you!!  How do we trust u to represent anything accurately?
Lying about your service during 'Nam was wrong. But @POTUS RAN AWAY and sought 6 deferments to serve at all. #COWARD #CNN
You are lucky the globalist ministry of propaganda, aka CNN, let you skate with one weak question. #stolen valor!
In response to @PressSec , whether Gorsuch doesn't like judge attacks by DJT or "in general", @POTUS is STILL GUILTY! #CNN
ignore the bullshit
Good job Senator, if you haven't gotten attacked by the beast in the wh, your not doing your job.
don't believe a word that comes out of this fools mouth he is guilty as sin #falsehonor
--- > Liar & #Fakenews
Curious why Gorsuch didn't confide all this to the republican senator from CO? Could it be he needs D support? #Gulp #Suckers
- agreed,  but back to the key point - please do not vote yes on gorsuch. The seat was stolen.
stolen valor. Never a Vietnam Combat Veteran. He's a SOB. Rot in hell .
Senator Blumenthal, you are courage on steroids.  #NoBanNoWallNoBannon
fully agree... worried about individual vs. corp (citizens united), privacy (roe vs wade)
Good for you Blumenthal, for ignoring Trump's immature rants!  We know you are right!
Senator, thank you for standing up for America.  My Oklahoma senators don't have the xxxxxx to stand up to The Fool.
ah says the man that lied about Vietnam service your a punk
You're right! Gorsuch said it & he must stand up & speak for himself!
agreed.... sounds like a rouse
thank you for your representation and keep up the fight Senator!
don't fall for the trick. Don't vote for gorsuch. It's a stolen seat.
Says Richard Blenenthal #valorthief #stolenvalor. Are you the best CT has to offer for the senate?
that's it, fight the good fight. @justicedems
Thank you for speaking out, your Connecticut residents support you! Keep fighting. We're behind you!
As a Vietnam veteran I can not trust anything you claim that was said in a private meeting. #stolenvalor
thank you for your resistance to these tyrants and regressives! Their hypocrisy ceases to amaze me.
-your integrity is beyond reproach. The people of CT are behind you. Keep up the good fight.
Right after you condemn yourself for #StolenValor claim. YOU never served in Vietnam did you Senator? #Liar
#superdelegate trouble maker
did you fight in Vietnam ..or is that a lie
thank you
just keep lying and we won't have a Dem in the W.H. for 20 years DNC needs more color less old white people!
Corrupt Judges will be condemned & Senators who lie
=shameful&disgraceful liar who diminishes Veterans for personal gain.Lowlife behavior,unpatriotic&cowardly @MSNBC #TrumpTrain
Your such a liar!! Why would you lie about being a service member? Do you think we are all dumb?
LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE..
EVERY Prez has a "litmus test" for judges;Obama's was pro-abortion, pro-gay,pro-illegal,pro-Aff action. &anti-American
They are necessary when the judges are using political ideology in decisions. Trump is calling out the swamp.
Has Gorsuch been struck mute that you feel compelled to speak for him??  You are prone to misrepresenting the truth.
how did you manage to survive the Battle of Hamburger Hill in Vietnam?
his credibility is shot. Lump of liberal trash. That's why MSNBC runs the story. Fake news
You lied repeatedly for a long time about your Vietnam record. Why should we believe you now, LIAR? Not fit for the Senate.
America is happy with judge attacks. Judges are idiots. Check polls! LOSER! Fake senators filling "America" with lies! Sad!
that moment when people don't understand satire. Like & retweet as actual thought. Sad!
How inappropriate to make public a private conversation with #Gorsuch @realDonaldTrump @foxnews @drudgereport @breitbart

sir, should a judge make up law or follow law?  Didn't you take an oath of office?
I see JUDGES obstructing the President's OBLIGATION to PROTECT this NATION.
If anyone requires a rebuke, it's our Country's Judges making fools of themselves! Politics gone amuck! Safety 4USA #1
did you asked Obama to do same? stolen valor liar
@FoxNews @washingtonpost my understanding is that we won't fall is the number one liar in Congress 
- So, lying about one's military service is speaking the truth? As a 100% Connected Vietnam era veteran, I resent that
I condemn you for repeating something that was told you in private. Just shows how dems can't be trusted.
what's your next angry attack on trump going to be senator
Tired of your negativism. When will you actually say something positive? When will you propose & deliver reform we need?
#Liar #Fraud #Disgraceful YOU'RE NO WAR HERO.
My blood is boiling hearing Trump attack you. Thank you for being a great spokesman for our party and what is right.
You went running to the press like a 6 yr old with half truths and twisted meanings to drive a wedge, but you failed.
Sorry the Kremlin trolls have moved into your comments. It's a badge of honor at this point. Speak truth & the fools show up.
Call out Trump on his lies on what Gorsuch said to you & others. Tweet Trump until he apologizes for his alternative facts.
You tried to put a wedge between our president and his nominee for SCOTUS, bad move.
u should be happy this judge has principles unlike liberal judges who put party politics first. Trump hates "yes" men
Tell us again about your experiences in Viet Nam when you served our country in the armed services.
Oh, come off of it.  No one cares about these "attacks."  What the public sees are judges not following the Constitution.
Senator you must explain publicly why you think it's ok to abort a nine month old human being!!!
@thedayct @MSNBC nigga,you're breath is dangerous,try a tic tac
LOL...you're right out of a comic book!
How can we believe what you say, when you lied about your fake military service in Vietnam. It's called stolen honor.
"Abhorrent" is YOUR word
Judicial Legislative Activists are what is actually disheartening & demoralizing to FAITH in system
Just hush! Maybe he misspoke like you claimed about Vietnam! #NoCredibility
We don't take advice from liars
Senator, I am your constituent and I am so thankful for your leadership! Thank you!!
Even the marine  reservists that I served with in boot camp were taught HONOR....have heard of that concept?
Stolen Valor! You know as well as I do that getting a "slot" in the Reserve kept you out of Nam. LOSER
no kidding. Well put
Oh yeah, first you had to get on a long waiting list once you got in your obligation  was satisfied
How was your Vietnam tour?
How can you have a private  conversation w/ Gorsuch & next minute turn on him? Libs have no morals or integrity! #maga
I heard that you survived the battle of Big Foot as well as the Toys for Tots siege! Heroic!!!!
Sir, please stop being an Obstructionist.
You&Dems are being sandbagged by&about #Gorsuch #3cardMonte #foolishways @garroucdub
YOU ARE FAKE NEWS. YOU DONT SPEAK THE TRUTH. VIETNAM #LMFAO
Like every liberal lawyer I know, u are a back stabbing lying hypocrite & loyal to no one! @Potus  #CloserNation #maga
Habitual Liar. Gorsuch did not mention @POTUS by name.
liar, he's lied his whole life, drain the swamp!
Thanks, Dick, for being there for us. So proud to have you first as our AG and now as our senator. Go get 'em!
It would be imprudent for Gorsuch to fail to comment on Trump's ongoing receipt of foreign income/benefits emoluments.
stolen valor democRAT.. as a combat vet I feel it's necessary for one of my brother's or me to kick your ass for lying
NO ONE BELIEVES YOU!
NO ONE BELIEVES YOU, EITHER. Grow up.
Once a liar, always one, no credibility for you
yes and let's talk about his Vietnam experience
the democrats are in a panic and it's fun to watch
is that so.  How bigoted if you.  I am on my lunch hour from my 10 hour a day job
Thank you Sir.
Say anything to get that lifetime seat... #filibuster #Illegitimate @POTUS noms and policies. #Resistance
Where were you when Pres Obama criticized the SC, Viet Nam?
You are saying Judges should never be criticized even if they're blatantly & flagrantly abusing their power? #ThursdayThought
@MotorGong @SenBlumenthal Judges are simply lawyers who made friends with a politician who helped get them appointed
Sen Blumenthal DEMANDS Justice Gorsuch make public statement.  

To defend judicial independence.

Comical. But sad.
How much Blood do U need to see splattered before you'll allow President 2 protect us:10,100,1000 ppl?
- Blumenthal, another clueless life-long BS politician raking in benefits while shorting vets
Bite It,,,,,,,,,,, Boy @SenBlumenthal
cowardice could be a factor.
you're such a fucking bro
@potus Senator you lied not once but many times about you Vietnam service record we expect the truth now NO WAY
he served six years in the Marine reserves, McCain in the Navy, unlike Draftdodger Donald Trump.
Can you say Nuclear Option? Gorsuch will never do what you demanded.
Shame on you! You mis-speak and that's ok? No wonder CT is in such a mess with all the Dems in charge!
.@SenBlumenthal You're a joke and a very unfunny one at that. Remember Vietnam, oh that's right you lied! Ethics is not something Dems have
with respect judges are not gods. They work for us n we can judge them.
Can't take it, quit. #ted nutaitis
- Stolen Valor!Judging others while u lie!!! What kind of person sits in judgement of Gorsuch, senator!
Dick what happened to freedom of speech?
do not react to the #OrangeCrazyMan - his tweets are not relevant! #trump
Why? Is your reputation at risk?You besmirched your name bfore this issue! My father died of AgentOrange & you fake it
Thank you for your courage to speak the truth. Sending prayers.
lying Senator  #StolenValor disgrace!
Totally with you!

Senator Blumenthal lying #StolenValor disgrace!
- Liar, liar; pants on fire!
Stolen valor!! Wife of 100% disabled combat Vietnam veteran. Disgrace
Thank you, Senator Blumenthal. I wish every Democratic senator had a spine and stood in solidarity. 
.@SenBlumenthal Must? Oh please... democRATS have no power to dictate anything, you lying #StolenValor disgrace!
WE ARE CAREENING TOWARDS A CONSTITUTIONAL CRISIS
No BlumyBaby Obamas ExOrders WERE a ConstitL Crisis
How is disagreeing with a judge an attack? Are you a snowflake? Disagreeing when he sees wrongdoing is POTUS duty
thank you for speaking out. We know you speak the truth!
Senator lied about a fake service in Vietnam many time but no one reports that ... lying to Vietnam vets
Shouldn't you be busy making up war stories?
BRAVO!! From a constituent.
OK we believe you egg you must have a shitty life to use fake accounts
