How many times do they have to say there's no evidence of it?
you're all about the truth how about your stolen valor
We know trump or his close people talked with the Russians so he could've elected. He should be prosecuted for conflict of interest too
Putin did not make me pull the lever for Trump.  I did.  GO TRUMP!
And the reason you pulled that lever was what?
We need the truth about collusion between Obama administration holdovers and Senate Democrats - AKA - the Resistance. Time to move on.
Russians did not change the election  Duhhhh
Watching you now, @SenBlumenthal, and moved by your praise for both the Hon. James Clapper & #SallyYates. Like them, you are an inspiration.
You really brought the idea of term limits up with your goofy questions today.
 You don't give up do you?
Do you hear the specific legal codes that @SenBlumenthal is citing that Flynn violated?
Nope ,all I hear how out of his mouth is womp womp, if he did this or if he did that would that mean he'd be in collusion?wishful thinking
Trumps in bed w  Russians to commodify our system of gov't. . Selling visas, using office to promote their business. How are u ok w this?!
Ok plz tell me where is the proof in your statement? I certainly don't take MSM propaganda for the gospel, they have their own agenda
Come on Dick, let it go.  Focus on your home state it is a mess.
Exactly! There is no way out for Connecticut. It needs to follow Puerto Rico into bankruptcy to reorganize and start over.  #DoYourJob
Hope so too.
Thank you.  Thank you for bringing up France and the alt right.  An independent prosecutor would be great.  #Trumprussia
Witch hunt
Clapper I don't know, not to my knowledge. Seems like clapper was incompetent , Flynn left he needed new clearance ,deflection.
Keep digging! You haven't found anything yet! Keep wasting more time and money!
It's just getting started! It took 2 years to bring Nixon down.. no worries.. trump's day is coming
Yeah his day is coming. Just like @HillaryClinton was certain to be our next president. Did you see @SenBlumenthal on TV today?
Very ironic that Blumenthal is demanding 'truth' after admitting he misrepresented his background.
General Clapper said he knew of "no Colusion" between Team Trump & the Russians.  Sir, Is it OK to have Russian dressing on one's salad?
Go speak with Hillary Dick. I'm sure you'll get all your answers if she isn't pleading the 5th
You have NO RIGHT....to talk about TRUTH....
Your Political Speak is a bunch of BS....you are lower than low...embarrassment to CT
Why won't Susan Rice testify about unmasking. Americans deserve answers about our privacy being violated
Incidental collection then they were on russia and flynn! That should tell you something! And cruz was way out of line hes trumps puppet
U need an independent commission too much corruption u notice your colleagues were very  interested in unmasking leaking...
U were great, most of them were off topic and accusatory , and i loved what you said about them being good role models i so agree ...
Why weren't you so determined to find the truth about Benghazi, fast & furious, IRS targeting, Hillarys emails. You're a hypocrite sir
Just finished listening to the hearing. Thank you !
Please do not give up!
Thank u for the job u r doing.  So sad Republicans seem to want to continue to cover this up for #Trumprussia
Thank you sir, for your intelligent questions. Wish all Senators were as patriotic. #SallyYatesIsAPatriot
Do you feel there is an appropriate venue which would allow the classified issues to be discussed?
It doesn't seem like we can get to the bottom of all of these issues without all of the facts being discussed.
Thank you for calling for an independent investigation. It's clear most of the GOP isn't interested in the truth. #GOPRussia #TrumpRussia
we deserve truth from u! ur ABSURD, U LIE about ur military service & denounce a hero who served valiantly-Flynn @cnn @FoxNews @msnbc @NBC
After today, it is obvious that only an independent investigation will work.
Great job Sir!
BIG STINKY @realDonaldTrump is STEAMING about now!
I'm watching the Yates hearing. Thank you for asking for special prosecutor.
We deserve the truth about you lying about serving in Vietnam&if your elect. to the Senate was fixed. A special counsel should investigate.
You can't handle the #Truth
What's the criminal code for lying about your war record? Your the last one that should lecture ANYONE abou TRUTH!!
Wikileakes bad , but ny times  okay ? Do you approve of leakers , Amd your worried about national security?Aren't you encouraging more leaks
thank you senator
Been fishing lately?
you are totally rocking it, Senator.
And we need to know the WHOLE truth even if it's sick and perverted. Russian payoff money will never interfere in our politics again.
That wasn't a "hearing".  That was a "witchhunt".  Too bad you didn't care about Hillary's truthfulness as much as Flynn's.
Let me refresh your memory. Hillary's IT guy told Podesta to answer an email to change his password.
Airhead Democrat troll from DOJ. spewing rumors and ignorance!
Yes!!! Let's call that @VP as a witness!! Thank you for calling for an independent #TrumpRussiaInvestigation!!
What about Podesta they didn't file as foreign agents either ,,Hillary acted as a foreign agent she was SOS
Since you're staunch on telling the truth to the FBI will you be questioning Comey again as to why Hillary & Abedine weren't  prosecuted.
Clapper already said no collusion. Focus on the Dims/Hillary, finding leakers and other lib agitators, Senator. Do it for America.
Lying about your Vietnam service record or lack there of should be a crime also!
You are correct. Lying to the FBI is a crime. I bleieve lying about your military service may be a crime, too!
Hillary Clinton received millions in FOREIGN MONEY!!  HRC belongs in PRISON!!
Blumenthal confirmed that lying to FBI is a crime, but only if one is a Republican. He wants Flynn in prison but @HillaryClinton to skate.
Absolutely agree that there is an immediate need for a Special Prosecutor to be appointed to examine the #Russianhack and role of Gen Flynn
We deserve the truth about Clinton but you don't care about that!  SHE'S the one who needs prosecution!  HYPOCRIT!
Could you please explain why Hillary promoted the execution of Qhadaffi?  France, gold, or other reason?
Love that you cited 'people at Connecticut Town Halls' as your question intro - that's us 
We like investigations on the elections Obama meddled in cause that compromised our safety .
Senator, thank you for your gracious and heartfelt tribute to The Hons. Clapper and Yates.  It was great to hear.
Yes sir. A special Investigator.  We do deserve the truth. Thank you.
Aren't you the one who lied about your service in Vietnam?  Seems Dems just can't stop the lying!
WE deserve truth @ SEC clinton & Clinton foundation collusion!  Special prosecutor should be brought in NOw!  Hillary sold out U.S.!!
We deserve the truth about many things, including Benghazi, The Clinton Foundation and those paying folks to destroy property on campuses
Coming from a truth teller.  Not.
Please continue your probe. Also need to look into the Trump and Kushner families using the WH to line their own pockets. Thank you!
Investigate the promotion of executing western Allie Qhadaffi.
I agree with you 100% !
Hope isn't enough. Answers must be demanded.
You sad little man @SenBlumenthal !  You are a fake and the rational people of the state of #CT know it

You cant handle the truth!!!!...There was none...zip....nadda
#WeThePeople will be watching questioners too #SalleyYatesIsAPatriot #TrumpRussia
I'd certainly prefer the hearing to be under Coons as Chair, rather than Sasse.
We new to know your stance on term limits?
Yes from someone who was inside with holder lynch and obama

We need to appreciate this is the first time in the history of the US this has happened and NOT let trump normalize this
