Trump DIDN'T BOW TO THE SAUDIS he bent over so they could put a medal over his head!  it figures that BLUMENTHAL NEVER RECEIVED AN AWARD!
He didn't bow you lying piece of valor stealing s**t
Liar! Trump doesn't bow to anyone or anything. Unlike your Anti-America yellow bellied coward Obama. You Libs are scared shitless. Loving it

I wish we could lock Obama up.
At least he is doing something  Your Not
Bowing!? I thought he was BLOWING the Saudis
Kind of like Obama not saluting the Marine on his Presidential Helicopter?
it is a bit of a concern but don't you think The Donald is better then illary??  Let's be for stuff not against stuff.  Illegals go home
Quit your complaining and do something productive. The Democrats lost the election GET OVER IT
He laid it onto the Arabs that they have to stop Islamic terrorists. Where r u
for illegal immigrants? Some AG you turned out to be!
You're such a DB he lowered his head so an old man could reach! What are you 10
did not bow hes 6'2 king is only 5'7 he bent for the king to bestow a gift when you were in the service did you not learn respect #LYINSen
He bent over to receive his honor from the Saudi King.  He never lied about his Vietnam tour..........
Intentionally forwarding FAKE NEWS is disgraceful and disreputable.
he didn't bow you fool. If you want to know what a bow looks like, watch Obama when he first met. #Disgraceful #libtards
He did not bow, Obama did! Ever notice world leaders respect him and laughed at Obama, vote DEms out!
Yeah stick with Iran Senator they're much nicer.
Partisan Dick
Yepper
Video - show me where Trump bowed
someday U will meet your maker and I would love to hear you explain lying about being in Vietnam .Mind boggling 
how about the story of a senator who lies about Vietnam Nam and continues to bad mouth others. You have no shame...
Your comments are ludicrous!It was the biggest reception by the Saudi's for a US President in 50 years!Your Opposition and Resistance is sad
No issues when @HillaryClinton took millions from the Saudis though as Secretary of State? You were comfortable with that though?
He bent down to receive a medal! Obama bent over for the world and it shows!
I guess you need your eyes checked....it didn't happen.   But then again truth was never something you were very familiar with.
You're off course. Not giving a ride, but selling US products to defend themselves and create energy while we land lots of jobs.
You are such a loser , the guy is a head and half taller, did you want the Saudi King to stand on a friggin ladder when he bestowed an honor
Fake news
Exactly !!
Saudi rulers have allowed their regional version of Islam to spread around the world and alter moderate religious practice.
you're high on your own sugary drink; sadly you don't know it. (Sorry Pumpkin, but more and more citizens see through you! )
Don't forget Trump's favorite parable about the snake. He's the one letting all the snakes in. All his prophetic ramblings.
I thought that too - 
You are right, it reminds those days when Obama was begging needlessly apology  to Muslim leaders & the world were laughing at us.
Senator you are known for misleading statements like this,POTUS is showing his humbleness for the honor-ship ,King awarded to him.
@realDonaldTrump I'm trying to think of the fable for when a Sen lies about his service?!!
Hmmm....... What does this remind you of?
You pretending to be in Vietnam reminds me of oh wait ..just a psycho liar
Your dishonest comment that @realDonaldTrump bowed to the Saudis is the fable. He stooped down to receive a medal. You stoop because you lie
You know it.
I'm pretty sure you'd eat dog crap if you thought it would get you votes. Him doing this refutes you saying he hates Muslims. #notmysenator
Wrong "senator". This is bowing 
#MAGA
Trump did not bow as a matter of fact he actually kept his neck back as far as he could a controlled bend is not a relaxed bow.
Up yours Senator.
You know full well he did not bow as Obama did and you said nothing! They were putting a scarf around his neck!
Come on Richie you can do better than that on "bowing". Is that the line Democrats choose to use. Shame, shame, shame!
Instead of watching trump. Why not help Ct.
My feeling exactly
no fan of DT don't get it twisted, he was bending forward to allow the old robed man to place a piece of bad gold jewelry around his neck
Pay for play was illegal last year. He's making deals for himself right in front of our faces. America will be stung, @SenateGOP will 
you mean like when Obama did it?
YES!!!
Absolutely. And we all know (or maybe some don't) what happened to the frog?
Why are we focusing on trump.As Warren Buffett stated recently: healthcare is our country's #1 problem. Let's focus on it! Janetweiss1@gmail
I actually don't mind showing respect to other peoples and their culture, but it stupidly drives the Conservative Right CRAZY! Tragic.
How about you help fix the state of CT?

You have got to be kidding Rich your lies and twisting of the truth are disgusting
Not a bow. You bowed to Ho Chi Minh you liar.
Oh wait!  He was in Vietnam... you never were.
Nope he lied about Vietnam and stays quiet while CT becomes a third world economy .
https://youtu.be/ngpA6JLSsSk 
Trump prefers the version with the snake instead of a scorpion  but yes, you are on the nose.
