any more memories from Vietnam Senator?
@Leftup2us @SenatorShaheen Charge them all with treason before being compliant in covering it up. They had briefings & knew.
any advice to offer up on how best the citizenry can put pressure on the House to act? Flood town-halls?
Shame on you for your FAKE VIETNAM resume! You need to resign because you are a Phony, pretending for years to be a Viet Vet!
And your prez had heel spurs excuse for not fighting. How about you, Jackie? Hemorrhoids?
Thank you senators. Flynn is in Florida right now. Private plane of Dimitry Rybolovlev landed there as well.
This is critical, thank you.
@DNC @TomPerez @keithellison @FoxNews @GOP @MiceeMouse @adjunctprofessr @katyperry
fought in any wars lately? how r u still alive? disgraced, at the least u should resign, ur lower than human
Thank you Senator Blumenthal! You always fight the good fight and I am behind you!!!
You have no credibility since standing in front of America and saying yoiu were in Vietnam.
@ChrisCuomo in his interview with @SenBlumenthal never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave "service" in Vietnam. #FAKENEWS
aka "Lying Dick" Let's talk about your war record lol and the fact you're a pathological liar
@VFW Who said this "We have learned something important since the days that I SERVED IN VIETNAM"?
The ranking member of the Committee on Veteran Affairs Dem Sen. Richard Blumenthal of CT said that!
The fact is Democrat Sen. Richard Blumenthal NEVER SERVED IN VIETNAM!
Democrat Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut NEEDS TO RESIGN FROM THIS COMMITTEE!
Who said: “It was a sad moment. When we came back, we were spat upon, we couldn’t wear our uniforms.”?
Dem Sen Richard Blumenthal of Conn, a member of the Committee on Armed Services, made that statement!
Fact is Dem Sen. Blumenthal of CT, member of the Committee on Armed Services, NEVER SERVED IN VIETNAM!
Democrat Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut NEEDS TO RESIGN FROM THE ARMED SERVICES COMMITTEE!
“On a few occasions I have misspoken about my service,  you repeatedly LIED!
my friend why cant u resign? who would dare say they fought in vietnam and lie? consider suicide please
must focus on Trumps ties with Russia... I'm more convinced now that it's more than what we thought!
Whatcha gonna LIE about today DICK?
When will u actually do something productive vs endless negativity? I'm disheartened and disillusioned with u
The @gop won't do shit. They have complete control and laws and ethics no longer matter.
how many days were you in actual battle senator? #stolenvalor
stolen valor pos!
Good call Sarge?
While ur at it Don't forget 2 size up HRC 4 n orange jumpsuit
Glass houses Vietnam Swim team captain
to the real heroes that served and died in war. You lied about it and refuse to apologize. U should resign!!!
I call for your review to make sure you didn't lie about anything else. Lieing about war in disrespectful....
Follow the Russian connection. The Travel ban is the smoke screen in front of the Election Corruption.
time for Republicans to get on board. You are better than this @SpeakerRyan
No one really  cares about what  you are  saying. pace yourself, u have  8 years of pres trump and his team.
and whats with this new version of #snowden as a "gift" to Trump. What?
.@SenBlumenthal @SenatorShaheen you both know this is a bullshit witch hunt. But keep digging yourself deeper.
so what's the holdup? remove them all! don't wait until it's too late..
please with the iran deal  Obama she be tried for treason. Go back to what you do best .NOTHING
Finally!
NOW CAN WE IMPEACH HIM???
Independent investigation NOW! Trump, Bannon, Flynn, Tillerson - All too close to Russia.
#FlynnRussia Keep the focus on the Flynn Russia story, PLEASE
Senator Blumenthal, I am proud and grateful that you represent me and our state of CT. Thank you!!
search twitter/google lots of research about deep finance connections & collusion. Dossier valid! re read it
@POTUS Literally, Watch out for the Train....Lol #TrumpTrain
Isn't it just corrob of non-specific info from unnamed invs not confirmed by unidentified officials? #GEESH
@alteileen @SenatorShaheen mark my words,whn all said & done,we will find out  putin was successful in planting SPIES in WH
Huh?  How about calling for his resignation?!!!!
Let's get on with it already and get this subhuman primate out of the WH. #ImpeachTrump
wasn't @jasoninthehouse calling to stop HRC's briefing after Weiner email debacle? Where is Investigation?
and you did not call for a private server user while Sec of State? Excuse me Dick? Please just stop.
Facts not fiction!!!
Govern and try to accomplish something
Such a phony, what a disgrace!
And to demand Mr Flynn's resignation as a starting point !! Nothing less !! No compromising !! No politics.
Sen Blum you are our only hope!  Stay strong!
how was Vietnam for you??
- please keep fighting for us Senators!
Go back in cave
If FBI has the goods on these guys its time to act before they get us all killed. The Russians are coming.
@bannerite @SenBlumenthal @SenatorShaheen coming?   They're here comrade
And Steele Dossier. PLEASE INVESTIGATE. The welfare of our country and indeed the world is at stake.
TY trumps  Russian ties have 2b priority our Natl Sec @ stake! Taxes/ business conflicts etc @GOP accountable
conspiracy theories will get you no where. No proof whatsoever. Once again FAKE NEWS!!!!
What did Trump know about Flynn's actions and the subsequent lies to cover it up & when did he know it?
can we please just impeach him already!
Go get him Dick. He is a traitor!
This is very disturbing  news.
no, fake news. Get to work
Thank you!!!
Please, Senator, make it happen.  We need ethics review.  If they have nothing to hide, why object?
security review or removal ? For show or for real
