Hope to see growing, bipartisan support for special prosecutor – only path to objective & independent Trump/Russia investigation.
More deflection & distraction from White House press room today. Time for special prosecutor is now - answers & accountability cannot wait.
Get over the election dude. Find some identity as a party beyond sour grapes and bruised egos.
Almost a year investigating - The Only person who did anything wrong is @HillaryClinton - Blumenthal the Communists best friend.
Clueless



Yes!  Conclude the investigation and preserve the integrity of our democracy.
Pls do what you can to wrap up the Russia investigation ASAP. America needs answers.
“We have learned something important since the days that I served in Vietnam,” Mr. Blumenthal said to the group gathered in Norwalk
You are out of your bloody mind!
if you are wrong in your suggestion & innuendoes - can we expect your resignation?
How did the great people of conn ever elect someone who suffers from such a mental disorder?
Senator Trump isn't safe.  His mere interviews are now damaging for us Americans. This is sad.
fake news
Who are these FBI members Sarah H. Sanders talked about who regularly call & speak to her & the president re Comey? Giuliani's "friends"?
Great hire Comey to investigate on behalf of the Senate. Give him the resources he needs and keep Trump loyalists away
You're making big accusations.  I'd be careful Dick.
Super spectacular swamp rat move.
Should be an investigation on how u got elected after you continued to lie about your "service" in Vietnam! Disgraceful!
Fraud
Just because you're accusing doesn't make it fact. Enough with the witch hunt on our President! You are a proven liar!

You need to work on appointing a special prosecutor
@realDonaldTrump @GOP @DNC Democrats need to get back to the work of the people! @seanhannity
Start the impeachment proceedings NOW!!!
Or, Comey is a blundering political idiot and Trump led from the front and made the hard choice.
Contrast: pell mell firing of Comey (investigating Russian ties to Trump) before visit w Lavrov/Kislyak v 18 days to fire compromised Flynn.
President of the United States calls you a fraud and he is right!  Who investigated you about your service in Vietnam?
Democrats: "Trump must be impeached for firing Comey!"
Voters: "Did he break ANY law firing Comey?"
Democrats: "Well no but..."
Tell us why you suspended your Gov. Malloy corruption prossecution so he could run for Governor.
Keep slinging it against the wall Richie hell something might stick sooner or later
Night of Nov. 2010 CT Dem. victory party, Dick left to avoid the stage with Malloy. Only photo op he has missed in his life
Fake news report the truth
Show me the evidence! It is almost one year now and nothing, Whatcha got,
nothing.
I'm wondering --- can Trump be charged with obstruction of Justice ?   That's what he's done by firing Comey!
Tell them Richie! You know the truth! When you were in Vietnam a yeti told you about Trump/Russia while riding his unicorn. #notmysenator
Why is Susan Rice asking for immunity? Shits gonna hit the fan for the dems. #notmysenator
Why did you lie for years about serving in Vietnam when in reality you begged for deferments?
Why are all people against him so mean?  Every single time.  It's beyond weird, the opinions they think are facts?????   Ughhhhhhh
We support you, don't give up!!!!!!
Only a moron would call firing Comey a "constitutional crisis" who serves at the pleasure of the President and can by constitution be fired.
Because nothing says "evidence" or "proof beyond a reasonable doubt" like a subpoena!! Too funny!
You're lying and are a danger to the republic and citizenry.
Keep fanning the flames with the manufactured narrative of Russian BS.. I hope the truth comes out about ALL of the collusion
Comey's firing has only brought MORE attention to the Russia thing - so how is firing him an attempt to put an end to it???
Using subpoenas and lack of investigative evidence as proof of illegality.  Aren't we there yet!?
You should be investigated.
Posing as  War Vet yet? NYT says Richard avoided Nam. Why would anyone believe anything Blumenthal says? " MOunting evidence" blah, blah
Continued democrat meltdown, led by the do-nothing, hyper partisan CT congressional delegation.  The overwhelming majority disagree Senator
()Mounting evidence, including pictures, show the movie "Sssss" may have been a documentary #MAGA
LMFAO!
Can you just quit please.
Mounting evidence suggests that you should be removed from the office of US Senator for lying about serving in Vietnam.

Show us this evidence. Why should we believe you?
Hey Trumpets, do you know the definition of DENIAL? Trump met triumphantly with Russian Ambassador!
You just throw shit on the wall and hope it sticks.
The only thing more suspect is your military service. A stolen valor scum lecturing anyone is rich indeed.
Where is any evidence of Russian collusion?
This is why the #MarchForTruth on June 3rd is so important. Americans deserve answers!
And we should believe a man who claims to have been in Vietnam when he never was?  Care to comment senator
Keep digging you lying fool. Liar liar
You called for him to be fired along with your counter part @ChrisMurphyCT, for exactly what he was. Wait, what? Unreal!!! @realDonaldTrump
I call bullshit.
We The People DEMAND an independent prosecutor & investigation!!
*Retire Sir*

#TermLimits #DemsAreDim #RussiansAreNotComing
trump keeps dems panties in a wad, 1st day, 2nd day, tomorrow, dont matter #FakeOutrage now they wait on the next thing 2 b outraged about
left goes AHHHHHHH ovr everythin-everythin, no matter what he does. dont matter if it happened on day1, 2 or today, dont matter #fakeoutrage
lying piece of crap? how many yrs of combat do u have? ur such a liar, how can any1 trust u on anything? thank god he cant think 4 himself
You know what Dick, I propose the state of Connecticut deport you to California with the rest of the snowflakes.Enjoy your gabgs & illegals
Could you be any more anti-american than this? You need to re-read the constitution.
Senator, louder and louder every day! Don't let up!
#stolenvalor
It's time to start impeachment and be counted as being against trump. Those who favor him, history will NOT favor. #theresistence
The only Constitutional Crisis going on her Dick is you not following it! Enforce immigration laws, don't interpret the constitution!
Mr. Blumenthal, I agree the need for a special prosecutor is now, Here and Now. No time to waste. WH is hiding it big time.
Mounting evidence that Dick our Senator would rather engage in poor politics than help American Citizens
#SpecialProsecutor  Watch this 
This is a matter of patriotism. Join the call for an independent special prosecutor to lead the Russia investigation. 

Are the Republicans hiding something? Why will they NOT stand up for OUR COUNTRY? What are they all hiding?
45 had Russian press & 2 Russian spies in WH w/no US press 2day violating national & WH security! #ImpeachTrump #independentProsecutor NOW!!
How about you focus on something constructive like healing the divide?
This fantasy of yours is really pathetic. Look in the mirror every once in a while. Not every incident is a political ploy. You are Sad
Where did you serve in Vietnam? Which unit?
Absolutely! Thank you for taking the heat and standing up for our country!
Mounting huh. Can't wait
So, let's get the road to #impeachtrump moving.
What are you doing to get this mess fixed?
What evidence? Figment of the imagination doesn't count. That's all you got. You should resign. #TermLimits
Special prosecutor NOW! #DutyHonorCountry
Lol lol lol zero evidence of anything you friggin hack
Yes! Thank You Sen
There is no evidence at all.  There certainly is no "mounting evidence".  why not tell us what you think the evidence is.  #Liar
#Connecticut elected you - There Nickname of the #ConstitutionState should be changed to we truly hate our Republic.
We can only hope he doesn't get away with it
Thank you, Senator Blumenthal, for continuing to push for what is right.
When they find zero link what will you complain about next.
There is zero there
Who paid Blumy off to suspend prosection by CT ATTY GENERAL OFF of Dan Malloy 2010.  Pussy dodger served in DC Toys for Tots.
Everything needs to be done to stop this. They've done enough damage already. Stay on fire
Oh my God give it up. You sound hysterical.
Totally agree. Please save democracy for my children. Trump is evil.
Trump is evil and lying dick isn't? Your kids are gonna need a lot of help. Better make sure his boy Malloy doesn't lay them all off
