Democrats need to start impeachment process over & over & over & over until GOP hears the country!!!!
The country that made the GOP the majority party coast to coast, top to bottom? That country?
It's called gerrymandering. @GOP is good at it. #TheResistance
That's a cute myth Democrats tell themselves. It's especially fun when try try to explain losing most governorships & the Senate that way
Thank you @SenBlumenthal Now the @Gop @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLeader Need 2 GROW a Pair & Chose Country over PUTIN
Those two aren't going to do it, they are connected and in deep! Rest of @GOP that have moral or ethics, has to be a few, stand up now!!
The party for globalism and unlimited immigration spool worried about Russia. Lol except for when bill got 500k from a Kremlin bank to speak
Everyone should worry about Russia! They are not our friends! And have no place in our government! France just caught them doing the same!
So Isreal is probably pissed about Obama meddling in there election?!?!
KGB! Assassin and Dictator!Why is it always "Obama/Hillary" deflection.Issue is CURRENT adm and ties to Putin and Kremlin.
It's all they know. They have no defense so it's either Hillary's emails or deflect to something else Obama did. Can't stay on topic.
What???? Coming from the party of::: russia, Putin, racist, sexist, homophobe, russia, russia, xenophobe,  russia, racist, Putin at nauseum
I Support you, obviously #Trump is scared of you that he needs to bully.
It's not "bullying" to point out Blumenthal bragged for years about serving in combat when he didn't.
Senator, can you confirm this is an actual photo of you in Vietnam? Our beloved President says it's fake.
No, he was fought bravely in Vietnam... oh wait. That was "Senator" Blumenidiot.
Shocking a Cpt in our military would support a military imposter like Blumenthal. Have you no respect for the 55,000 that died over there?
You're the first person today that gave a hj to a military imposter.
Weak comeback, sister.
We are in deep shit Senator!
We stand with you @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats. Our constitution is in crisis & feels like a #coupdetat especially with Lavrov in DC.
Dear Persistent Sally, Please list 5 examples of constitutional crisis by GOP/Trump.
We stand with you @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats. Out constitution is in crisis. This feels like a #coupdetat especially with Lavrov in DC.
We stand with you @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats. Our constitution is in crisis. This feels like a #coupdetat especially with Lavrov in DC.
Don't pay attention to a 5 time draft dodger @realDonaldTrump. He NEVER served, not even states side. You served for 6 years assisting....
#ReasonTREASON #IMPEACH #WannabDickTraitor #CompromisedPresidency #IMPEACH #Hyprocrasy
@realDonaldTrump just @ each other  you pair of fairies.
If you are proven wrong .... please resign for Connecticut and the Nation.  Shame on You
Yay, @SenBlumenthal, 4stndg up 2 #bullies! I tweeted @realDonaldTrump 2look @ the beam in his OWN eye instd of the mote in urs fr YEARS ago.
How can a valor thief have any say over what a president does or says? You lied about your service for gain. No credibility!
pWeziDenT trUmP - YoUr BulLyInG woNt silEnCe mY cAlLs fOr aN InDePeNdenT pRoSecutor  and  invEsTigAtioN
Preach, brother!  We need you (and we've got your back!).
Pls don't cave-we need you!
Maybe this time Hillary Clinton will be sent to prison
zzzzzzzzzzzz get steamrolled. #TRUMPTRAIN
It's time for everyone to step up.
Thank you for doing the right thing even when it means exposing yourself to what must be painful criticism.
Senator Blumenthal, Please say NO to the Senate AHCA bill.
Is stolen valor still a crime?
Blumenthal did serve as a reservist during Vietnam.R you saying there's no valor in being a reservist?Tell that 2 those serving now, dirtbag
except he claimed combat experience. Blumenthal used deferments to avoid combat.
He apologized and admitted he was wrong for doing it. Something Trump has NEVER done in his entire worthless life.
Yeah AFTER people called him out in 2010.   But when local papers praised him for his service he never stepped up for the YEARS before.
Thank you for your courage and leadership Senator!
You may not be bright? He's defending himself which is all he's been doing since all the liberal attacks. LET HIM DO HIS JOB!
Thanks for using the correct term and for standing up to the embarrassment in chief.
Demos = Maxine Waters...a real disgrace to this country!! You, Blumenthal, fit the freaky mold!
U're a brilliant tactician Anyone on Trump campaign worried about investigation,more concerned if 0 FBI Dir & SP,than if there's a FBI Dir.
include and independent investigators as well.
As a citizen of CT please know you have my support Senator.
Can I get a source on that :-)

Trump never served. He was fighting his own war avoiding syphilis.
And then you look at his behavior and wonder if he lost that war.  His brain being the final casualty.
Wow is it true you were never a Vietnam vet as you claimed? Liar?
Thank you. You are a patriot!
he won't stop us either
When #Trump attacks u, it just means u're scaring him w/ur progress bringing him to justice. Also puts you in great company! #Comey #RESIST
>Btw, online #NYTimes has updated this LONG list of ppl & things #Trump has attacked, highliting newest in green. We're up to 331. #RESIST
Saying the truth about your lying about your service is not bullying
Gotta @ him, dick
Lol your making a fool of yourself.
Thank you 
[202-514-2000] CALL THIS NUMBER & ASK TO BE CONNECTED TO #RodRosenstein AND ASK FOR #SpecialProsecutor #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
pushing back is not bullying, little people attack Donald Trump and whine "bully" when he pushed back
We stand with you, Senator.
Please keep it up. It's clear to most Americans this was obstruction. Did you see Russian FM gloating with Tillerson today? It's obscene. 
No need for an indep prosecutor! Over a yr and NOTHING...just a scheme to drag this phony crap out. I'm sick of this! Dems are the bullies!
Those of us that care about and love our country are behind you 100% time for Watergate ll
Please Senator, help us get out of this nightmare I'm embarrassed to be living in the USA right now.  I'm with you 110%. Trump is an asswipe
We support you .@SenBlumenthal, how can concerned Americans best help?

Yes yes we need an independent Prosecutor @GOP
Please be louder, we are behind you!
Please! Please make sure this vile Traitor gets everything he deserves!
Go get him Rich! You helped out my friend Carol W. a while back and I personally believe in you.
Melania's platform cyber bullying needs to begin with her husband!
On what evidence? Stop the idiocy. Let's investigate you "because...." well, "I don't know"...."I said so."
Just a thought, perhaps there is a bunch of evidence that you are not privy to!
emmm, nope, its not there.  Keep the dream alive thi
Time will tell
Stalling 2 separate investigations into #TrumpRussia makes it now not an 'option' to appoint an ind prosecutor. It's now a necessity.
We want be silenced either start that independent investigation on both Hillary and TrumpThe rest of us want to know why Hillary not in jail
Keep bullying Trump and he will send you on your way fired...
45 meeting w/Lavrov & Kislyak right now! This screams of guilt! #IndependentCommission #SpecialProsecutor #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachPence NOW!!!
How come you weren't leading the charge for an investigation into Hillary or Obama? Typical one sided liberal. #notmysenator #libtard
Nor should they. Thank you @SenBlumenthal 
Your deflection will not change the fact that you are the problem with DC that Americans voted for @POTUS to fix!
Oh Mr. Blumenthal who is ever going to respect anything you said did you learn all this in Vietnam oh not you lied about going to the war
How about YOU paying a price for your despicable fraud of touting imaginary heroic military service in Vietnam!Who even does that,con man?
Please! Republic over Russians. The USA is not a Putin plaything. Boot him out.
What is your strategy to remove Trump? As Russia's pawn, he is dangerous to our democracy and must not be allowed to make policy decisions.
The truth isn't bullying. You lied. I know you leftists don't like facts but you lied! #draintheswamp @handley_dix @SpyVsSpi
Another phony "patriot". Supporting a draft dodging coward.
Thank you, Senator Blumenthal.
If ppl would stop cowering to Trump's bullying, he'd have little power to bully.
Whatever, McFly. You couldn't stand up to Biff you're not gonna stand up to @POTUS
Thank you, Senator!
Pay no attention to the trolls, we don't, more of us then them and most are mindless bots. #theResistance #impeach #COMEY
Your an embarrassment


I guess you support Trump, because he is a Christian. That is what he ‘says’ he is. But he no way acts like one!
One day you and those like you who helped save our nation from the tyranny of Trump and his depraved supporters will be remembered.
Strong words are not enough Senator. Withhold Consent until a Special Prosecutor is appointed!
PLEASE IMPEACH the FAKE presidunce!  He is GUILTY of treason! He's using our White House as his personal piggy bank.


I stand with you as does my family. I value your leadership and steadfastness.
Please press charges!! Children 'bully,' adults 'abuse.'
Thank u for fighting for America!
Stay strong sir
Says #StolenValor @SenBlumenthal  who's so low that he lied about serving in Vietnam.  #TrumpDerangementSyndrome
Says Sgt. Toys for Tots.
THANK YOU!! And God help us all.

Stop mincing words-DJT, Pence, Mitch,Ryan, Sessions r obstructing justice. Time is over 4 anything but indep comm. Shut it all down on floor
Yes I agree that Obama and Clinton need to be investigated for Benghazi and unmasking. Let not forget Russia deal they made. Drain the swamp
Then you have #mitchmcconnell who is a sell out and probably also a Putin puppet. LOCK HIM AND ALL OF THEM UP!! Selfish pricks
The Trump/ Russia narrative is only a distraction to buy more time
L
Thank you Senator!
Name ONE piece of evidence U have Trump campaign colluded w/the Russians...SP's are for criminal investigations... not Russian interference
Stand Up the people are standing with you. We need strong fearless leaders to save our Republic.  Thank You
Mr. Blumenthal just lied to the country and Wolf Blitzer about Comey's request for additional funds. @wolfblitzer failed to follow up.
Thank you Sir. Please keep trying. The Country is being torn apart.
Democrats calling for Comey's firing prior to President Trump actually doing it:  Schumer, Clinton, Waters, Warren. https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/862098637731635201/video/1 …
Good for you Senator. Bullying is his way that he brags on and we won't let him bully America either. Special prosecutor!
You mean for Hillary and her crooked ways?
Tell us about Vietnam again
Thank you!!!
@Uhuruhsiempre We stand with you Senator. He will not bully his way out of #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Poor Richie can't take criticism of for lies he told about Vietnam military service 
Go get 'em Senator Blumenthal!
Where is the bullying?
Trump's twitter
amen
Thank you please keep fighting for independent investigation!
Thank you for your integrity!
Thank you, Senator!
Bravo!
That's right.  Trump's a bully.  He was a bully when he was a kid and still is.  In the bus. world, I read that people are afraid of Trump.
What was it you did in Vietnam again???
#termlimits #senilesenator #primeExample
Thank you, Senator. Don't back down--we need the truth!
Why aren't ALL senators with you? SAD!!
Thank you, Senator. You're a fine public servant and we're glad you're in DC.
Isn't bullying a form of trying to influence an investigation?
.... YOU, Richard Blumenthal, started it, now President Trump is 'going to FINISH it'!!
McConnell needs to be put in his place. I trust the Dems and Independents to get that done ASAP!
Thank you sir
Thank you, Senator!
DOJ 202-353-1555 Demand Deputy AG Rosenstein appoint spcl prosecutor to investigate Russian meddling in 2016 election. Give name & zip code
I support you, Dick!!!! We are behind you
Shut Capitol Hill down! Shut this shit down until GOP get their asses on board!
How about impeachment? Imprisonment? It's time to call for that. LOCK. HIM. UP. And all his cronies!
No Russian collusion evidence, no laws broken. So impeachment because he has different views than yours?
Violation of emoluments clause. Public lying about everything. Treason. 25th amendment unfit to serve. Pick one many to choose from.
All supposition of your own opinion. Bring facts, not conjecture honey!
Thank you sir for you stance, please keep it up, we are with you and have your back. Not so much the GOP, sinking ship, rats need to leave.
U tweet more than trump
I can't wait until a special prosecutor investigates the Democrat Party. Did you partake in the scam to bump Bernie the Socialist? Traitor!
I just wish we had some Power!   the GOP will never stand up for this country.
Delete your Twitter Account
Thank you Senator!  CT supports you.  We demand a special prosecutor!
CT is in such fine shape because of you and Chris.
I get it.  Trump fires Comey who you denounced. You scream "end of the world!" but Trump is "bullying".  CT sees you for who you are.
You insulted every military man & woman when you LIED about your own service. Go away, lier!
Falsely claiming you were in the Vietnam War should be a case of ---Stolen Valor
Hi Rich, I'll send you the same message I sent your failed leader Chucky regarding this special prosecutor BS!
So you don't want a special prosecutor? Surely having a thorough investigation will show Trump to be truthful & have nothing to hide.
That's Congresses job and they are investigating.
We stand with you Senator Blumenthal!
Yep....what he said
You have a dangerous man in the @WhiteHouse and the future of your diplomacy is at stake. Unbelievable what's going on in America @CNN
@pampaw327 go ahead waste taxpayer money. That seems 2 b what you Dems are all about. Truth is there is no Russian connection
With respect, lets hope more people gain the courage you have to stand up for what is right.  Great job!!
Thank you @SenBlumenthal for using your position & your Voice for the #GreaterGood for all & for not tolerating bullying! 

How about the Dims that say they haven't found a shred of evidence what evidence do you have @SenBlumenthal to backup what this tweet says?

Nor will it stop ours Text Resist to 50409 & send your message in letter format to your senators.Do it today,tomorrow & every day! Retweet
Being a Marine, we have honor! You dishonor yourself and the Marine Corps when you make false accusations!!
Don't let go Senator! Stay on it! And thank you! 
American hero. Thank you! We need more like you!
Narcissist survivor:  Part of the Center for Family Justice "voices";  you need a NPD expert. Along with ATTY
Thank You Senator we are all with you
Bravo! You and I both know he only attacks those people he is most afraid of. Be very afraid DT! Thank you Senator!
@realDonaldTrump You were told not to have a meltdown #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #TrumpRussia
This is what scared him senator. He knows impeachment is inevitable !!!
https://twitter.com/NotaFakenews/status/861715809755832321 …
Fight on!!
stop wasting taxpayer money and do your damn job!
One that is wasting taxpayer money is your ”leader”. Not only ‘wasting’, also ‘stealing’. Wake up.
You know, most normal people (people other than #Democrats) laugh at people like you that throw around the word 'bullying'. Grow a pair.
Why is McConnell impeding justice? What are his ties to the scandal? Why is he undermining legal process on this historic American moment?
Instead of calling for an independent prosecutor how about You & other D's in the Senate persuade R's to start seeing the forest 4 the trees
Hey man.. it's just Kayfabe.  He's salty you beat down Linda McMahon and he's trying to start a verbal war.
As far as conspiracy theorists go, you're number 
You're so brave 
Please continue to fight for an independent prosecutor! Trump is a criminal
Investigation into WHAT?! There is NOTHING there! stop with the nonsense already. Trump won. get over it!
Remind me to never move to Connecticut...
Thank you, Senator Blumenthal.
Bullying is considerate.. it's Whining from a cowardly draft dodger and corrupt buffoon
@mike22p The very best thing for America to happen is IMPEACHMENT.
But Sen B never denied he lied and committed fraud. He should apologize to the American people.
THEN DON'T SHOW UP. BOYCOTT. NOW. DONT BACK DOWN.

He has the nerve to question your service???? #DonaldDraftDodger @realDonaldTrump
