Trump's loyalty is limited, witnesses can still be compelled to testify, and the pardons apply only to federal crimes.
Hopefully, Mueller and his team are paying full attention to what Trump is doing and are preparing for any tricks he may be contemplating
I feel pretty confident Mueller team played all the angles & have contingency plans. Seriously doubt trump can think of a ploy they haven't.

my favorite picture of Mueller and team...
My favorite pic is all liberals have ropes around there necks
A typical answer I would expect you to have dear Nick.  You did not disappoint.  Thank you and have a wonderful day
Same for you my God have mercy on Al your soals
Sad, How is there an investigation on the Russian hacking, but not an investigation on Hillary Clinton? Why aren't we investigating that?

Because dumbocraps are as crooked as a dog's rear leg !!!
Republicons are just a crooked or more than ever before!
And the Liberals aren't? Hows this for a pic?
Seriously stupid!!!
Truth hurts does n it.
Yeah listen to comes and cowards like al Gore and mad max
Watters your idiot's not patriots 
Keep that phony Russia Russia Russia going to cover Dems corruption.  Not all of US are fools, only you
exactly correct. Thank-you for being a voice of reason. Russians did not change my vote. Where is their proof ???
Influencing the election is far larger than changing your vote. It's a psy-op of infiltration & cyber warfare + big $$ for favors.
well I agree with that. But where is proof. I have read nothing specific.
@maddow has been unraveling it for months every night on her show. Even FOX news is reporting it now. Bombshell abt Felix Sater this week.
why would I ever trust Maddow? She has been on nothing less then a witch hunt.
OK. Who DO you trust to bring you facts?
Wow, great question. I have none at moment. I feel traveling gives me good idea on how economy is doing.
Any idea you'll get re elected you had better think again



Funny i post a picture with facts and i get called stupid. Smh
Like, what?!?!
Good golly, the bots are out tonight! Reported and blocked them all.
Speech censoreda sensor teentitanshentai
Speech censorship!!!! (Commies) 
You sir r a trader to this country when the day comes when the people put a rope around yr neck I'll be there long love a free republic
Senator your inference of guilt before the investigation is complete is more than disheartening
May be disheartening for you but still true. You have no idea what he knows. He has info only few have.
It's called "due process" & those elected to represent us should honor/respect it. I would never defer my intellect to an elected official.
Ok, but regardless of due process. He is on the judiciary committee & therefore has alot more info than you or I could possibly imagine.
Appreciate the dialogue, but Leah he can't just disregard Due Process by violating the special trust & confidence granted as Jud Comm member
The Russian Ruse has been over for months now!!!
Arpaio was not given a trial with jurors! Just a Leftist Judge appointed by Obama! HELLO! We are not stupid!
Yes, you kind of are if you believe there is ever a reason to pardon a racist who did all the deplorable things he did.
I think you should do a search on how many bad, bad people Obama Pardoned! Before you comment about Arpaio!
There is no comparison. You are too stubborn to see it. Do your research.
We don't want THE Government TO CONTROL OUR INSURANCE, OUR LIVES! Trump has done more in 6 months than Obama did in 8 YEARS! Open YOUR EYES!
As far as I can tell, 45 has done nothing. Except lie a lot, which he can do because people like you believe every word he says.
All the lies from OBAMA& Hillery! Benghazi was from a video! Our Ambassador & 3 others were tortured! They did nothing! YOUR BRAIN FRIED
Not true. Plus why do you not ever mention the thousands who died under Bush and NO investigation took place. Benghazi thoroughly .…
Done nothing wrong!!! 
Move on. Forget this bogus crap and do your job making this country great again.
When are we going to worry about things that matter to us ? Like healthcare and taxes ? That's are hurricane!!!
great point Manny !  seems like #SaudisFirst #WallStreetSecond and #MAGA so the #banksters can rob us again 
@realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP
Trump will pardon family and those designated by David Duke
It's all FAKE!!! Like main  Street media 
Why, or do you think only Democratic Presidents should be free to pardon whoever they chose, even those that committed treason! #MYPRESIDENT
Who are you talking about? Chelsea was granted clemency after 7 yrs in prison. No pardon issued. Unless you're thinking of someone else?
Good God, you still haven't figured out the country doesn't believe a word of the Russia story outside of the #MSNBC crowd?
Absolutely NO PR00F !!!
Really, why don't you grow up. I would think your office is above this.
Obama and Hillary are guilty as hell and you know it!
Has someone even been charged senator?
The Russians are trying to copy our 7th generation aircraft. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=T_WwluluuEQ …
If senate and house would impeach him now...
Shameless, same guy lying about his service looking for a mate
Malloy should be in jail and you hell.
THINK AGAIN. YOU SHOULD THINK ONCE AND SPEAK NONE.  http://www.richardblumenthalSUCKS.INFO 
YOU DROPPED MALLOY PROSECUTION. CROOK.
better pray hard nam hero!
How can we stop him and how can we GET HIM OUT! This is ridiculous. He's trying to be a dictator and take over the country. HELP US!
No pardons 45 very nervous about Russia. All else is a distraction.
Who cares what you have to say because you lie so easily.
President has to much power, he should not be allowed to do anything to an investigation!
Dianne Feinstein a Dem. says I don't see any evidence of collusion between President Trump and Russian Officials, better call Chuckie
Does that go for DNC meme era like Barraco Obama and Hillary Clinton. The parties truly guilty of collusion.
Rephrasing: "Do not do like Obama and pardon or release drug dealers, Gitmo prisioners, or military traitors."
But don't worry Podesta Group. The Dems have got you covered. You've got nothing to worry about!
While Trump demonstrates his 'obstruction of justice" patterns....
YOU WUSSIED OUT AGIAN. Wouldn't support Liberman for AG because you wanted to see the field, but endorse Harp right away.
Good, maybe we'll finally get Hillary locked up.
Elaborate
How can you stop him? He's crazy! A lot of fear in this country. #SAD
Thank you for making this clear.
What about senators who lie about being in Vietnam
Sure hope so!
Isn't the only way to prevent POTUS from pardoning Impeachment?
Why do you say this? Just wondering
Why did you lie about your service record you should resign be a man about !!!!!!!
How will you stop to Pumpkin in Chief from issuing pardons to his co-conspirators? Since the Russian probe is about federal crimes.
Hey there. The SKY is only FALLING for the PROGRESSIVE LIBERALS.
Pardon DWS is the one who will need one.
Senator:

DYK who owns The Hill? And all the news it puts out? 

Kushner.
You're sabotaging the investigation by making threats like this. They have no integrity, why would they tell the truth now? #obstruction
It's meaningless. America will be destroyed by then. We need help NOW. RIGHT NOW. PEOPLE ARE DYING AND MORE WILL DIE. HELP US.
Sounds as if the left wing radical Blumenthal is taking over the country
Democrats running scared Blumenthal?  Clean up you act.
Mr. Blumenthal.. This pardon was given due to the failure of the legal system.  Remember the LAW??????
If they are pardoned, their 5th Amendment rights against self incrimination are historie.  Then, under oath, if they lie, perp walk.
Why not do something important but trying to help the victims in Houston you are a real Lib Tarde
This is hilarious!! Keep fishing in a swimming pool Dick. By the way, the state is on fire but don't those facts confuse you.
See. I told you. His pardoning powers for #TrumpRussia probe are limited. #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrumpPence
Can't immunity be offered to those who testify?
Just stop the b s. Your parties agenda cost you the house the congress and the white house not your fake Russian collusion
Can Congress limit -- better yet, remove -- his ability to pardon? It's crazy that he could pardon anyone involved in his own crimes.
So you say, but at this point, the GOP are still supporting this dangerous madman. Enuf tweeting-LOCK HIM UP! 
I seriously hope so Senator...
Hi! 
Hi Peg.
You mean the Russia hoax?
How's Vietnam? ??
#PutinBot #blocked
Good
That's why everyone should plead the 5th u want a testimony? Better grant immunity
Really now?  Trying to get more mileage out of that tired fabrication?
You've got nothing. There is nothing.
No ideas on anything your voters are concerned with like tax cuts health care deficit wages jobs defense just punch Trump

NYAG has got to be able to get manafort. Mueller got to be able to make flynn espionage unpardonable (co conspirator).
3. of his own case. SCOTUS would strike down Russia pardons on these grounds.
2. to another. Trump as suspect in Russia matters means pardons would ultimately be to himself.  Self-judging: no one should be the judge
1. Trump Russia pardons would violate bedrock legal principles: bilateralism and self-judging. Bilateralism: pardons are from one person
I sure every @TheDemocrats crime will be prosecuted as well. The party of corruption & obstruction.#Hellbound @POTUS #MAGA
,just stop playing your game ,Russia ,Russia and Russia going on forever ,Demos so Hatred trickery ,..SAD
there's no one to pardon lol..Manafort if he was corrupted and helping the other side like DWS and Awan.then ya they all gonna meet Justice
Trump can certainly pardon his cronies and implicates himself in the process. Yes he can... dumb and crazy as he is.
Give 'em hell, Senator.
It will be illegal,  won't it?

By pardoning one man Trump is having a test drive of his power and potentially opening a flood gate for limitless abusing ofthe Construction
You are a fool.  The DNC has you brainwashed. WTFU before Satan gets your soul along with Blumenthal. Obama and hillary
You should think again about your Vietnam stories. What a child like fantasy. You are the definition of the swamp. TRUMP 2020
“D true definition of mental illness is when d majority of ur time is spent in d past or future,but rarely living in d realism of NOW.”-S.A
Criticism,however,is not constructive but a destructive means of faultfinding that cripples all parties involved.Don't be fooled..Richelle E
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan FYI
Won't start breathing reg. again until we know they're going down!
Does that include the DNC @SenBlumenthal ?
.@SenBlumenthal Unprecedented systematic abuse of the pardon to eviscerate the law & a co-Eq Judicial Branch should be set aside by SCOTUS.
How many times can a President violate the Constitution before being impeached by this horrid Russia-owned @GOP congress?
Doesnt Arpaio pardon tell Flynn and others they don't need to obey Mueller's subpoena?  Isn't that federal?
Many are saying that Trump is sending a message with this pardon. If Mueller finds evidence  Manafort laundered RU money /NYState. No Pardon
What are you going to do Richie? Are you @POTUS?
Thank you...COUNTRY before PARTY!!!
PLEASE do not let Trump pardon anyone in the Russia investigation.  Congress do your job and protect the American people!
Im doubtful that justice will prevail.  After Trump pardon Friday it's clear he is going to stick his middle finger up as he pardons away !
#Senator I could see the names on the #horizon #Russia accomplished with one #Election #intervention what it couldn't for 100 years #Genius
I hope so. There has been a coup and people have done nothing.
This would normally be considered a fringe comment. But seriously looks like coup. Walks like coup. Smells like coup. It's coup.
Yes, I feel a bit silly mentioning in that way but I just can't see it any differently
POTUS playing "checkers' against a chess GRAND MASTER
why should anyone listen to a confirmed liar like yourself. How can you think you have any credibility.
Sen Blumenthal is a hero. Keep educating these fools.
Man y'all let him get away with anything..he gone get away with that too..!
Lol too easy
Why? Do you posses secret superpowers not found in the Constitution?
@tedlieu @KeithOlbermann @TeaPainUSA @amjoyshow @ananavarro @funder @tribelaw @TeaPainUSA
 @amjoyshow @KeithOlbermann @funder @tedlieu @RWPUSA @tribelaw @kylegriffin1 @SethAbramson @ananavarro @TeaPainUSA
Article I of the  Constitution (aside from the "Great Compromise" & Native American language):
My favorite of the first three articles.

Won't have to worry about any pardons, Mueller is wasting taxpayers money. Won't find anything on anyone.
We will worry about that when you name one person. Or sight evidence of the factual nature. Been waiting a year and a half. Any answers yet?
Baseless conjecture! Stop grandstanding Senator!

Jared will get pardoned because father inlaw said so.
Lock them all up.
So you're saying Schiff is wrong, Senator?
Obama pardoned Bradley Manning & Oscar López where is the contempt on that Sir? Arpaio Enforced USA Law. ENEMY PROPAGANDA what you're doing
Obama pardoned neither
Trump can't pardon State crime AG Schneiderman has it locked and loaded. Acceptance of pardon they admit guilt Mueller 1st NY= prison
Anyone beliving u served in Vietnam should think again
WHERE IS THE CRIME?? Please cite USC section or STHU and move on Senator. You AND your party.
OH MY GOD I'M AN AGGRIEVED OLD MAN AND I NEED TO YELL BECAUSE FOX NEWS SUCKS OFF ALEX JONES OBAMA CLINTON SPIRIT COOKING!!!
How do you reverse a pardon if Trump announces it one morning? Who goes to SCOTUS? What if the pardonees talk then want 5th amen rights back
You don't reverse a pardon. Only Trump pardoning himself or preemptive pardon like Ford of Nixon could possibly go to SCOTUS.
Arpaio was a preemptive pardon- could that go to Scotus?
Arpaio was found guilty. Ford pardoned Nixon before he was tried for any crime.
RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
I do not understand
Yeah especially Hillary and Bills connections to the Russians too! Right?  And what she did at state department, Benghazi and her server too
STOLEN VALOR fraudster
I am starting to think you are obsessed with POTUS, in an unhealthy way.
We have to give them amenity so they turn on him and his family! Then we can pardon them for stupidity!!
What kind of amenity? Free shampoo, free WiFi...????
Impeach trump first. Then he can't pardon them
Since it's a big nothing burger and total waste of tax payer money, they won't need a pardon.
2 biggest crooks besides entire Cabinet & Rump, Pompeo & Sessions, Rump lapdogs along with his other lapdogs McConnell/Ryan
WHAT about dumboma shillary
Please end this witch hunt
good cause we don't want any of the DNC people getting pardoned for colluding with the Ukraine. Carry on soldier, whoops sry
Stop drinking dummy!
Exactly. No pardon for NYC RICO. 
Help keep those russian bots quiet !! Block them fast !!
Sen B: YOU were one of the first to pass voir dire.  In my little lexicon, I mean.
A important American politician say something about RUSSIA INVESTIGATION D RUSSIAN BOOTS JUMP 2ATACK THEM !! If has no pic& 10 follower is 1
They should not be able to be pardoned, any other American would go to jail, they all need to pay
Please..Where is Mr Meuller?
DD-214 please
Tell me more!
More obsessed with Russian than lowering taxes and creating jobs in the state of Conn.
And I believe the charge of "treason" is not a "pardon" eligible offense..
If they are charged with state crimes, they can't be pardoned.
