Pass it and you'll find out what's in it .remember that waste ,fraud ,higher premiums and welfare insrance
You can't believe what you just tweeted. Repeal & Replace Obamacare will
save lives and at lower cost. Get with it Richard!
GOP LOVES THIS DEATH BILL
No Senator, it means we are one step closer to being able to make our OWN health decisions and not the Government having that power.
We have people who have been blessed & never fallen on hard http://times.Today  it's your neighbor who needs help.Tomorrow it may be YOU
Well Dick is this is really a life or death thing maybe stop tweeting and go speak with Mitch? Do something constructive if death is looming
It's not life/death, life/death were those missions you were on in Nam-oh wait-your srv in Nam was a lie, just like your pathetic clms here!
...not to mention killing millions of healthcare jobs.
Was that the democracy that pushed the thing threw in the dead of night on one vote. I guess that wasn't mockery
Poor America!
They are in effect declaring WAR.
Facts not fiction! You voted no to discuss Health Care? Unconscionable and unacceptable! Obamacare is a loser, you voted no to discussions
Work with @GovMalloyOffice @ChrisMurphyCT and others to bring good amendments to the floor. Stop the partisan drama. #ProtectOurCare
You can buy your own insurance
I can buy my own insurance, that's the point. Roll back mandates and millions cannot
Millions didn't die before obomacare, why now?
Not true!  Many died from not being able to afford meds or regular care. By the time they sought help it was too late.
How does it mock our democracy? Time for you to retire because that statement makes NO SENSE.
Keeping the ACA in place is killing us. We can do better.
How did we survive B4 ACA? It's a miracle we were able to manage our own healthcare needs. And that extra $ once in my pocket-not needed!
Focus on jobs with benefits instead of dependence on government.
What do you say to the elderly who have exhausted all their assets.Those with dementia paying up to $10,000 per month in nursing home care
Read more about #aca The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act PPACA "Obama Care" with Health... https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0748KN9XD/ref=cm_sw_r_tw_awdb_x_0RnEzbFA5C2SS … via @amazon
Still no BUDGET in CT. Richy must not care how state run things r being shut down. He only care if a Republican does this.
Your wrong for Connecticut
Senator, your statistics are absurd. I know you're an intelligent man but apparently you are lousy at math. Where is the money??
The whole administration mocks democracy! Every day!
Name one American who will die because of Obamacare repeal?

Republicans need to get message the people's opinions matter! Vote all republicans out!
Vote all democrats out, they are the greedy ones
Still getting crickets from u,don't see the list of greed & honey, real tax breaks r going 2 top 1%... & I'm betting u aren't a billionaire!
The Right (who are wrong) are punishing the sick and poor for having the audacity of being sick and poor. How dare they.
@StevenMWolfe3 why do you lie
ACA has hurt CT hard working residents. Subsidies should be based on total net worth not income.  Many get subsidies that should not!
You are an embarrassment to our democracy
Agree. We must continue the fight to save ACA
McCain's speech did too. Mocked @POTUS44 8 yrs of bipartisan outreach met w solid GOP obstruction. He lied "Both Sides" do it. After Garland
No it does not
If you truly cared for people's lives you wouldn't of voted against #Kate's law.
In '09 Pre #ACA #1 cause of death ages 1-44 was unintentional injury. Less than 1.5 mil people died in total. 
https://www.cdc.gov/injury/wisqars/pdf/10lcd-age-grp-us-2009-a.pdf …
Pay 4 HC entire career, paid same $ as everyone else. Now Trump wants 2 charge elderly 5 times what young pay? I pay $12K now, don't earn 60
No you putz...ACA WAS BAD LAW FROM THE GET-GO and was an affront to the US POP.
Excuse me? You mock democracy, you lie, you could care less about America or Americans #MAGA

Aww, someone's butt-hurt. What are you going to do, sue?

Why even call ourselves America anymore?
You and Malloy expanded the Medicaid population for votes.  All income and asset testing was eliminated/softened for pure political reasons.
So now we debate, right?    Bring your constructive ideas!    Use this as a good thing.
Please don't give up the fight. Too much is in jeopardy.
End the welfare state
Oh shut up already. You did that with ACA. And to your bootlickers. Yes you took millions of people's HC away in 2010. #Notears
Mybrohas stage 4 lung/leuk canc.given shorttime to live.lost homeinCT from medbills&Obamac. cost and isnow homeless. How didyouhelp2fixthis?
#SaveACA #SaveMedicaid #SaveMedicare #SaveOurCare
Wat part of - 8 yrs lawlessness, failed Ocare/Stimulus, waste, fraud, abuse, scandal coverups, ISIS, mis'ing emails etc - do u libs not get?
You sir are shameful. I am ashamed to call you my senator!
Tricky Dick your progressive party is destroying our Americanism. ACA is killing Americans. Your falsehoods & lies are falling on deaf ears.
Formerly great democracy. Any country that does this to its citizens is not great or good in any way.
Where were you when millions were kicked off their health insurance when Obamacare passed? Yea, no where! Hypocrite!!
Where do you dream up these Crary notions? Do honestly believe that ACA saved millions of Americans from death.
It's amazing that the population grew by millions and millions before obamacare.
It's terrifying. Hospitals will end up absorbing cost of uninsured in ER. It will lead to hospital, ER & trauma center closures. Cowards.
This is clearly UNTRUE!  Scare tactics
It should have patently clear for a long time that one thing Republicans could not care less about is American Democracy.
so does claiming to be a vietnam war hero, mr. Vietnam war hero.  Fraudster
No it's the product of the democracy 
I can't wait for you to be voted out when your constituents get great health care. They will realize yet once again what a liar you are.
You're a liar! Nobody believes you ANYMORE after lying about your 'Nam service
I know quite a few of them
Keeping the failing ACA means death to all Americans! Something needs to be done and this is the first step! Work together & save all lives!
What's happened to the country, we have a lying president and legislators that don't listen to their constituents!
What democracy?
I am so angry w/McCain... he came to vote against the very thing that has made him well..I was sickened by his speech, it turned my stomach!
Those people do  NOT care about their constituents.
Every single republican should b voted out 4 not listening 2 their constituents!It's time they get message we aren't fodder for republicans!
They listened....we spoke on Nov 8th.
Not the majority... only the dumb people got the guy they wanted... the rest us knew better!
Oh right....whine and cry some more. You all are so good at it!
It's the President that mocks our Democracy daily. Thank you for fighting 4 us @SenBlumenthal
your lies mocks our great democracy
The new ISIS. Homegrown. And WE pay their salaries.
We do and they did what we asked them to do.
It's not over...yet.
Stay tuned
Yes. You don't want to miss the exciting plot twist at the end. 


Let's see, if the duly elected senate votes in a way you don't like it "mocks democracy"?  Some day, I need to explain "democracy" to you.
They don't care. 
Get audio. 
@NancyPelosi
And GOP not afraid of being voted out? That's scary.
Disgusting disgusting disgusting- what has happened to you USA
We are there, especially if ACA is repealed. Reps will be so crazy w/joy while we will be squashed like bugs under their feet.
So you voted against the working people that pay taxes in Connecticut along with @ChrisMurphyCT
No it doesn't. What are you going to do, sue?
Thank you for fighting.
Fighting for who???
Did this vote repeal ACA..I'm confused
Hopefully
What can we do now?
Pay for your own insurance
Wait...what happened to the 22-32 million claim all the while there are only 11.4 million signed up for Obamacare.
Thank you!!
hate to break this to you, but our democracy? Not looking so great.
The end of the Democratic party
So much for the GOP exercising humanity.
