You lied about your military service, now you want to send a half a billion dollars to care for Ukrainian soldiers? What about our military?
If you truly care about giving us good healthcare, you should give us the same plans you and your cronies negotiated for yourselves.
I don't have Obamacare but I pay for Obamacare. In an open market no one should have mandated healthcare
A argument is that whether people have insurance or not they are treated at the emergency rooms. We all end up paying in the end
When people can't afford to pay for their treatment and go to an emergency room, the cost is passed on to taxpayers
People wait till they have serious problems to go to an emergency room. By then they have more serious problems. It costs more money wepay
We have never had a President with such disdain for the American people. Sociopathic egomaniac terrorizing US.
How dare you when you want to give half a billion for wounded Ukrainian troops. Gee, let's go out and burn the money.
Repeal now!   It is NOT working for CT
You have no right to talk about Healthcare. You let Obamacare destroy families the past 7 years
he was elected because he said he would repeal it.  Time for you Dems and Rhinos to listen to America
He was elected because a group of Americans felt forgotten and hung onto his lies & hate speech. Praying America could return to the 1950's.
Facts are not hate speech!
Perhaps u do not recognize hate speech. Since election 41.7% of documented hate crimes are tied directly to Trump's election (Thru 2/17)
...per year! R U seriously referencing zombies bills? Ur a wanna be Combat Soldier that wants2o steal from our wounded & give 2 non-! ....
I think the GOP Sens. will tell Trump to drop dead after his Healthcare BS.
That's not what @GOP was elected to do
The bill that is dead, is OBAMACARE.  You are an obstructionist.  Dems want to give us same HC they gave vets.  Die waiting!  Trump saved VA
1  author of ACA called Americans STUPID 4 not seeing the bad law.UCare nothing for middle n the poor.Time 4 Adorable DEPLORABLES 2 revamp.
Most of the "bad" of the ACA came from the numerous amendments the GOP insisted on. Most of which were designed to protect profits not ppl.
Read the facts.
...#StopTheLiberalMadness ! @DNC is dangerous 2 all Americans health & ur just another #KoolAid pusher! Wake up Americans, libs are anti 
Your willing 2 give 500m 2 wounded Ukrainian soldiers at the tax payers expense! Some of those taxpayers being military that make <19k>...
The government needs to stay out of our HC!
Too late! I fought them for yrs when did they "Gov" ever get anything right that POS HRC& Obama
Our Healthcare was great BEFORE the government (@BarackObama & @HillaryClinton ) started interfering in it! Now ppl think that 1/2
Your ACA cost me coverage you LIAR. If it's so good. Why don't you get your lying ass on it
PRESIDENT!!! ITs president you LIAR
Glad you finally admit ObamaCare is a zombie bill. We've been trying to tell you this for years. Good job Dick
you have to be kidding me Mr Senator! Our VA is is disarray and you want this! Shame on you! Start putting US 1st
Hey @USArmy @USNavy @usairforce @USMC from #Connecticut #UCONN   How do you feel about this guy?  HE LIED ABOUT SERVING!!!!
U forced obuma care down  throats of american ppl costing THEM tens of mills in lost jobs,loss of full time jobs.ACA wealth redistrib scam
We all know you lied about your "service to our country" but you are supposed to be fighting for our soldiers not Ukrainian ones
Maybe you should do your job, and by the way why do you want 1/2 a million for Ukrainian soldiers. Ours aren't good enough for you to help??
When will you stop slapping the US military in the face? You want to give money to help Ukrainian soldiers???You are a nutjob and a liar.
He is desperate now so will try to totally destroy our healthcare system & republicans with it.
Good
The enemy within
It's time to end his reign! He is a serious threat to all that we hold dear.
Looking like your ACA will stay.  And if it fails???
This is all they are concerned with. #Doomed
Well the only thing trump cares about is "winning " he hasn't got a clue what to do after that. Keep following the money
oh no ... the master deal maker is stepping in
It is a shame that  the fraudulent  people  elected  to pass good leathcare bill are more protecting their pockets. We are not stupid
He doesn't care about people. I was confidennt, in years past, whether R or D was in office that they cared about Americans. Now, no!
#TrumpRussia Invites @SenateGOP
2Dine(taxpayer)
2Revive Zombie#TrumpNoCare
#IllegitimateTrump's logic
#Eat2Kill
#GOPHealthcareIsMurder
It's an homage to George Romero.
If anyone thinks about it for too long, the stupidity of that bill will eat their brains
Own it Clown boy
Because he's the dealmaker that believes "third times the charm?"
daddy vlad is cutting @realDonaldTrump off from all that money ... and of course, that's much more important than saving Americans' lives 
ACA is a disaster.Do something else,almost anything else.&Remember, if we don't paydown our staggering nat debt, ourkids will be stuck w it.
Your bill in 2010 harmed me and my family! But do not let facts get in the way of your reality....
when does trump go away? asking for a friend
Get onboard with repeal that is what the people put him there to do.
Is he bringing his goon squad in to threaten the Republican senators? #resist
Yeah resist making our country great that's real productive right maybe he should do the job he is being paid for and it isn't resisting
@realDonaldTrump let your obsession with Obama go so you can move on. #obamaenvy
It's all about wearing down the resistance
God he is an insane, untrustworthy, unethical, mentaly ill, sociopathic, narcasistic, sadistic thug.
Trump is not giving up on this, we cannot either.  Keep fighting!
@POTUS Isn't alone. Dems and Rs both playing pimp games. This isn't saving granny. #HealthcareBill
Yeah, Trump's just hurting his Presidency, which he couldn't care less about. He's out to destroy America and her ppl with the help of Putin

He doesn't care about people.
Get a plan, sir.
Trump needs to forget Obama and start doing his job remembering the American people
I encourage dissenters of @SenateGOP to stand for Americans, walk out of the meeting. This was never really about healthcare.
Pssst @realDonaldTrump nobody likes you and you have no power within your own party
He's beating a dead horse already. ..
Why does it feel like Trump is the person that Ramsey Bolton was modeled after?
Not as hazardous as getting dirt on @HillaryClinton. Also, his name is Seth Rich
He's calling in Jared for this one....
In my opinion ......   http://www.freedomrider76.com 
Please nooooo!
