No question that an independent special prosecutor is necessary. Nothing less than integrity of our justice system at stake.
@POTUS lied to dodge draft. @SenBlumenthal honorably served during the war.  misspoke once and said IN Vietnam instead of DURING.
You don't like liars and yet you support trump. How do you square that?
Are you actually delusional enough to believe trumps near constant lies?
Go away would you... And take Malloy with you.
Clarification:
When Senator Blumenthal said "lawbreakers should be held accountable" he wasn't referring to Susan Rice or Hillary Clinton
But you are a law breaker. When do you go on trial for Stolen Valor you liar?  I can't wait for that hearing. Liar.
We need to get you out of the door U pos!.
Blumenthal has no moral high ground to demand truth from anyone
He's an elected official and as such has a duty to demand the truth on behalf of his constituents.
.  You can't demand from others what you lack in yourself.   Don't you know that?!
And yet you support Trump?  Whatever you say Capt. Queeg.
Thanks for your service.  Whose Capt Queeg?  Did I miss something?
Americans want jobs and lower healthcare premiums.  But the senate only cares about rabbitt holes.
U'r the slime that lied abt fighting in Vietnam. U never left the USA. Biggest accomplish Toys for Tots. Hold yourself accountable ass clown
there is NO evidence of collusion with Russia. Distraction & deception? That's what you Dems are giving us.
"Trump collusion w/Russia" is about as real as your claimed service in Vietnam.  In other words, not real at all.
Trump should also be impeached now, today!  Enough!! We've had ENOUGH!!
4 YEARS MINIMUM SNOWFLAKE
#ResistanceIsFutile
It's not a criminal investigation - it's an intelligence issue ... Special Prosecutor not needed.
Trump base think is all false that Trump is been
Dems & RINOS guilty of distraction & deception. Americans DONE w/ Russian diversion. NO EVIDENCE thus far. Stop ur nonsense
Don't let anyone forget you misrepresented your military service in Vietnam scumbag!
Hillary and podesta are probably hiding in Lebanon
Your performance today was epic disaster
If @senblumenthal we are going to uncover the truth and hold lawbreakers accountable then Dems get to go first and give up Hillary.
Hire former US prosecutor Preet Bharara.
Yeah the dude who did NOTHING when all the bankers got fat under Obama.
Says stolen valor Richie #fuckthatguy
Yep!  You should be kicked out of Congress for lying about your VIETNAM SERVICE!
Dem Sen Dick Blumenthal of Conn once apologized for misrepresenting his military service in Vietnam what a hypocrite!
July 1993, President Clinton fired FBI Director William S. Sessions, who had been nominated to the post by President Ronald Reagan in 1987.
Hillary for Prison!! Justice for Haiti!
#ClintonCrimeFamily
#ArrestPodesta
Yes we do! #MAGA
Just resign your post Blumenthal. You should have done so when your fake Vietnam stories were debunked. #stolenvalor
So says a proven liar and false claimant to valor never earned. Crawl back under your rock.
Which we cannot trust you. You have already been caught lying. Vietnam ring a bell?
Yes we want the truth and we want the lawbreakers held accountable.  Are you gonna tell them the truth?
Yes we do want the truth. Hence why we want HRC put in prision. Stop wasting my money of some b.s. Trump/Russia that is not there
That truth?  Or the LIES that Trump worked with the Russians.
The truth?  That USA Inc. is a foreign owned corporation acting as a government engaging in press ganging, slavery, fraud and other crimes?
Says the biggest deceiver of them all! So what part of Vietnam were you in? Oh wait you lied about that! Disgraced weasel! "0" credibility!
Right.  To prosecute Hillary et al.
How was your in country experience in Vietnam? Oh that's right, it never happened. Please resign.
Let he who has not sinned cast the first stone.
U &the #SWAMP @SenateDems & @HouseDemocrats R epitomy of Dist./Dec. UR Dem appointed intel chiefs testified THERE IS NO EVIDENCE. @SenateGOP
We The People elected Congress to enact @potus agenda. Stop UR Alinskyite propaganda disinformation campaigns& DO UR job legislate.@HouseGOP
You should know about deception.
Like Trump said you're the one that should be investigated.
He also fought the empire on Endor, saved a race of tribals.
You lied about serving in Vietnam! Blumenthal is another crooked politician! No credibility!
In your opinion the time FOR deception is when running for office. To those who lost loved ones in Vietnam you are the worst kind of liar.
Pls continue to fight for special prosecutor. No votes on any bills, no confirmation votes until prosecutor assigned. #TrumpRussia
And you are about 4-5 years late for that!
@TheJusticeDept Lawbreakers = violators of intelligence laws, ones who received 100Ms while SoS from foreign govs, ones politicized fed IC.
Look at you!
Not reality, Americans elected Trump for jobs, taxes, saving America prestige, your sick distractions aren't wanted. ☆Stop nukes in NK, IRAN
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE (DEM/REP) ARE DEMANDING FOR A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR TO INVESTIGATE TRUMP-RUSSIA DEALINGS...
You are a joke! Resign!
thank you for your hard work. And belated thanks for what you've done for the Lyme community.  Hope to thank u in person too
I hope you are referring to Hillary and Huma.  #accountability
Like you told the truth about your service in Viet Nam?
What laws were broken? Are you referencing Susan Rice? Maybe the eight years of lawlessness under "Fat Cat" Obama
The truth? Like your Viet Nam record? That kinda truth?
Too late he already started both!
When u start telling the truth about your tour in Viet Nam u hypocrite
Just pretend Fake President Trump is the Tobacco Industry intentionally poisoning our nation
Hey Richie, while you're at it let's look into the Susan Rice unmasking report, Hillary and us uranium to RUSSIA plus Benghazi. Just a start
Senator, you are, without a doubt, the best Senator we have ever had. ~ Bob in Milford
The American people who don't have until 2018 to wait for all of you , they will die. Haven't any of you been listening?
Yes, we still need medical care for all too. None of his previous amendments should become laws either, for the sake of
@David4justice48 sir, did you see his mentally unhinged tweetstorm this morning?  He's the one America has NO CONFIDENCE in!
Loved it! Nothing unhinged about it unless you're talking about the snowflakes complaining and whining about it!
Richard "Stolen Valor" Blumenthal has no place talking about holding people accountable for breaking the law. Stolen Valor is a crime too.
Take heed fellow Americans. Our Senators and Reps need to hear your fears, ideas and outrage. If you want special prosecutor, call them all!
CAll them and tell them to INVESTIGATE Hillary cheating in the PRIMARY! #DNCFraudLawsuit
Where were you Senator with your investigation with Clinton Foundation and Hillary and classified emails on private home server
On point Hank!!
Can't..no criminal investigation. No evidence. Sit down and let the adults handle it.
LOL!! That was a good one!
Thank you
You damn straight we do!!!!   This is buckle up time -  Give No Quarter to Traitors.  We the sane, patriotic people demand justice!
Conneticut should be proud of you! Unfortunately we, in my part of PA, are stuck with Toomey!
Enough of this feigned outrage and demand for a Special Prosecutor. Democrats wanted Comey gone. They just want to hit Trump.
Please help now, Senator! Independent investigation!
Republicans aren't doing that. #CryMORE
Agreed. Please hold their feet to the fire. We cannot continue on this path - our democracy is at risk.
I think your about to get your special prosecutor.  Watch out. Lynch. Clinton. Huma. And Comey. Poster children of government corruption!!!
Exactly
Didn't you you get five military deferments from 1965 to 1970 and took repeated steps that enabled you  to avoid going to war?
Truth?  We know your truth.  Liar!  Any lawbreakers proven yet. So far we know leakers broke th law.
Even Vietnam veteran status right? 
#stolenvalor
We're not buying the diversion.
@MatthewCronin9 since when do the Democrats want the truth uncovered!
Distraction and deception - aren't you the expert of that? Did you think you could getaway about your "Vietnam service" lies? #StolenValor
Poor little Dickie. No evidence of Russian collusion, but the deluded left have nothing else to go on....................
It's called an illusion collusion, creating artificial reality.
Where would leftists be without artificial reality............
So you mean HRC/Abedeen/Rice need jailed. Comey jailed for fake IRS/Lerner investigation. He was probably the illegal leaks
Dick is a nickname for a detective, why don't you do it? Oh wait, we already know you're a liar. #notmysenator
You enjoy deception don't you "stolen valor" what are your thoughts of lying about serving in Vietnam?
And what about those ticks? They are the most pressing problem facing CT today!
I kid. I was just practicing my feigned DEM outrage.
Thank you sir 
.#impeachTrumpnow  #impeachTrump #IndependentInvestigation  #IndependentInvestigationNow
Weak party hacks?!? Pot meet kettle
Who paid you to drop the Dan Malloy investigation, Summer 2010, being actively pursued By CT ATT'Y GENERAL OFFICE?
Hmmm
We do need a special prosecutor. Thank you for fighting for one.
YES HE CAN. The FBI has more jobs than the RUSSIAN INVESTIGATION. Play games and you'll get another Gorsuch. #NUCLEAROPTION
You should resign.
Don't be intimidated. Stand up for all who voted for you. Demand a special prosecutor!
Yes, we know, Connecticut voters are lobotomy victims.
We are with you Senator! Please fight for a special prosecutor.
There is no crime, so no special prosecutor needed.  You're a liar and weasel like @POTUS said.
Get rid of Paul Ryan & Mitch McConnell as leaders if you want to see progress for justice.
More 6-yr-old bullying.   Our Dear Leader
A person can be fearless without bullying; in fact, bullying is the #1 sign of cowardice
Please make it happen, for all of us
Bipartisan! This is far from being the case here!This no secret,the Russian invest,is being fruitful! I wish I could fired anyone invest. me
Please demand all business in the Senate stops until we have this. No more messing around.
It's not like they've been working with their 3 day work weeks and 2 week vacations........
Dont let him intimidate you  Knowing that Republicans in the House rather help Trump w\Treason  Is scary but people like u give us hope
Sigh: Hillbots with their 14 followers talking Treason? #Comedy
Yes please
Get this done NOW!!
You're wasting our tax dollars and you are not working on the real issues we need you to work on. If anybody needs to be investigated...
it's @HillaryClinton Most Americans know the truth that this is all a desperate attempt to cover Hillary's actions.
There is absolutely no evidence. A special prosecutor will come to the same conclusion and then what will dems say.. another investigation?
Yes. Now the mouthpiece of Trump is claiming to speak for American people. I'm American & he doesn't speak for me
The time for deception was when you said you fought in Vietnam.
It's ok, you can visit your idol Trump in prison.
Keep believing that Bullshit. Not gonna happen. Real crooks are DEMOCRATS
Thank you Sir.
