you have to have a  crime Joe.
You liberal left-wing lunatics just can't let it go.... YOU LOST, YOUR HILLARY LOST...YOU'RE LOSERS.... ACCEPT IT ....:)
Sick of these two men they'll do and say anything for money all traitors
THIS OL FOSSIL DOESN'T REALIZE THAT MOST AMERICANS REALIZE THAT ONLY SP PROSECUTOR NEEDED IF ITS CRIMINAL....DUMBASSESS
I agree. I want a special prosecutor to investigate how Comey ran interference for Obama officials.
@morningmika @SenBlumenthal could you send independent to CT State, a sinking ship; perhaps they can investigate bad leadership
No speacial investigator , it's not a criminal case morons
@morningmika @SenBlumenthal Vietnam..Vietnam..Vietnam
there will be no special prosecutor since there is no proof of Russia doing any thing.Podesta and clinton has contact with Russia
Comey needed to go. He handed out immunity like candy to Clinton's Gang.  She broke the law. There is no double standard in America.
The present AG is NOT going to appoint ANYONE who would be un-biased, irregardless of what SHOULD happen
@morningmika @SenBlumenthal @MSNBC
@morningmika @SenBlumenthal @MSNBC 
Sen Blumenthal is one sandwich short of a picnic.
Oh wait a minute...is that the Blumenthal who lied about Vietnam? That Blumenthal? Maybe he needs to be investigated! What a JERK!
Since Trump fired the FBI director for investigating Trump's campaign what's next?  Will he fire the new FBI director?  Let's wait and see.
Is this the famous Blumenthal who starred in Podesta's emails?
Admit u just want Trump's tax returns and feel u can't get them w/ out a spec. pros. Enough already
How's his ptsd?  Is that w/ hillarys mortar fire

@SenBlumenthal is a liar
You morons are the perfect couple. Satan will have a ball with you two animals. Keep up the lies and propaganda. Vile creatures
We await with bated breath what Vietnam No-show Blumenthal has to say.  Prevaricator from Ct. with 0 credibility. I'm sure Mika is all ears.
All for it! Right after completion of Clinton Foundation, Rice, Benghazi, Fast&Furious, IRS, Lois Lerner Special Prosecutors.
Fake news with a Fake, dishonorable "vet".
Could we have the footage of Blu in Vietnam.  Anti-hero?
Richard Blumenthal is a Liar and a Fraud and should have resigned when he was outed for his stolen valor. Shame on you liar
Why weren't U calling for a special prosecutor for Hillary's email scandal. UR just another hypocrite. The same old political theater
Disgruntled former political appointees and guys who lied about their military record?
What else ya' got?
Sure-just spend our on your petty whims. Why Trump Won
Well they will but also reopening Hillary,s criminal case, maybe they will get it right this time and she will be charged.
People! If you're going back to old name-calling then your message is lost. Stop defending 45. He's failing us.
We don't need to that a dem tactic cause u lost
look at militarized toxo, weather_control  GOP is all Konpromat
Did u?  Did clinton, or mrs. did obama go into military?  Bet u think u made a great comment lol lol
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Prove ur cardboard statement proof is everything just cause u sat it doesn't make it true
Yes, I agree.  We need an independent investigation into how Comey played interference and corrupted investigations for Obama officials.
We are in a collapsed hive and need leadership to survive. #Congress is incapable & so is @realDonaldTrump @DeptJustice_TV
Senator Blumenthal, why not come on Hannity or FoxNews & spin ur propagandist spins? U won't.
#Coward
Constitutional crisis? How? Trump did something the Constitution permits him to do (fire FBI director). How can that cause a const crisis?
Tell us about your NAM experience...


Investigate blumberg he is a crook
Coming from the guy who lied about serving in Vietnam?
Please don't forget to include "unmasking" in the investigation. That will end up being the real story.
Yes, let's find out why Hillary sold 20% of our uranium to them
Senator why do you always appear on VERY FAKE NEWS!!! Probably because they never question your credibility and poor judgement!!!
I generally like you, but the way you treated Sara H. Sanders this morning was disgusting.
President Trump Absolutely Eviscerates Sen. Blumenthal For Stolen Valor http://www.dailywire.com/news/16278/president-trump-absolutely-eviscerates-sen-joseph-curl?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=social&utm_content=062316-news&utm_campaign=dwbrand …
Best option is Congress Hire James Comey as special prosecutor of Russia case no one can do a better job than him #Trumprussia
CHANGE law that does not  protect #Freelancers from co. like #ONEWorldSports who exploit it 2 never pay #UnpaidWages
Clinton/Putin =Uranium?



Oh gee here is a real honest individual.
You lied about serving in Nam, you twit.
except by the need for indie. special prosecutor is the 1 rational conclusion.
Thank you my sen blumenthal!!
Did u kiss his feet too
we all would agree on a independent special prosecutor, but would it be too much to ask any evidence yet?
Blumenthal is a liar and a fraud. Fits in nicely on the Morning Blow show.
I don't remember this much crap when Clinton FIRED William Sessions in 1993 as head of FBI!
Ok Sen let's investigate your claim about serving in Vietnam
Can an independent special prosecutor be appointed by THIS Justice Dept?? #SpecialProsecutor #SpecialCounsel #SpecialInvestigator
Let him explain why he never went to Vietnam , we lost 55,000 brave men , claims he went there , all lies ....
Did u serve? When u say we lost does that not include him?  Does it include clinton who never served either
Think Putin is getting last laugh as we are tearing ourselves apart
Hey Sen, weren't u in Nam during "the Saturday Night Massacre"?
Joe, Mika & Blumenthal's irrelevance is making them explode! Idiots, go do what you're surprisingly paid for & stop the jealousy train #MAGA
You were roasted by Trump. Fraud.
This Vietnam Hero! ...oh he never was in Vietnam. He's  a respected Senator, I think not. These guys are a joke !
Mika - Sad how apoplectic you get about K.Conway's struggles w/ the truth but you let this dishonorable craven shyster wax on with impunity.
#MAGA fire Comey and all other hacks. Prosecute Hillary
STOLEN VALOR!
Yes!  This special prosecutor can also investigate Susan Rice & Clinton Foundation!  Yes!
We need 2 get Trump out of office,he can't stay in 4 years... r country will become unrecognizable & democracy will have vanished!
Absolutely, no other option for this unhinged, mentally ill president!
The Democrats should sit on their ass's and not do a dam thing, until we, the American People get to the bottom truth.
Alan Dershowitz: "Comey Firing ‘Appropriate,’ No Special Prosecutor." So not all Democrats are political whores. How refreshing. And rare.
When is a special prosecutor being assigned to investigate #StolenValor commited by a sitting Senator @SenBlumenthal He's a Disgrace to Vets
We should have one to examine your admitted stolen valor
Senator Richard Blumenthal is my senator. And I couldn't be happier. Special prosecutor NOW!
Were u outraged about giving iran a 150 billion dollars? Serious question thx
Arent u the guy that lied about being in viet nam?
That's the one. USMC to boot.
I won't hold that against my Marine friends. They'll agree he's dishonorable.
STOP THE BS HYPOCRITE!
IN THE MILITARY You weren't calling for a special prosecutor when Corrupt Obama overreached!
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=/amp/amp.nationalreview.com/article/443911/obamas-many-scandals-abuse-government-power-worse-sex-scandals&ved=0ahUKEwjzopics-XTAhVDzSYKHYG_AeQQFgg7MAQ&usg=AFQjCNGLTVXid-BoIzK-ihd3LyAthBr1YA&sig2=QUzxX4ZeEbYzq65lRRcoyg …
DID HE CALL FOR SPEC PROS TO LOOK INTO LYNCH, HRC CLASSIFIED DOC LEAKS, HUMA, FOREIGN DEALS THAT HRC MADE...GUESS NOT...WHICH HURT AMERICA
@SenBlumenthal Because Comey confirmed yet again last week during hearings that he's not only the investigator but also the judge & jury
Comey said FBI could not prove that Huma Abedin had any kind of criminal intent in forwarding those emails.
There should have been an investigation on @SenBlumenthal, frickin proven liar!
What a joke - CT deserves better - CT delegation a disgrace - do nothing but undermine/oppose POTUS - still can't accept they lost
Hey Richie..tell us about 'Nam! Mika, tell us how holy daddy was. Get YOUR head examined by it pops! Hahaha. Go wawa wawa all the way home
We have learned something important since the days that I served in Vietnam. #PantsOnFire #FauxOutrage #tcot #CorruptPoliticians
True bipartisan assistant attorney general, acting FBI director a Democrat, not impeding investigation at all. Focus on truth and better USA
you didn't need the whole tweet.  Just say "senator Blumenthal" and we would know the rest.
Sounds great!!Might as well run a simultaneous investigation into Clinton so we can FINALLY rid ourselves of her and crookedness!
Americans stand with Sen Blumenthal in demanding an independent investigation into Trump and Russia.
No we don't!!!
WATCHOUT. OUR MATURE PRESIDENT WILL ACT YOU
All u got baby cakes
How dare you say you were in Vietnam when you weren't stolen valor...the worst!! the worst
Why not just apply your jungle training Sen Blumenthal ?
#CorruptWhiteHouse #ImpeachTrumpNow

Democrats yet again want to waste more taxpayer money.   Rather than concentrate on the people they represent
Replace Russia with china and you have yourself. @HouseofCards
How about any evidence?  There has been no evidence that @realDonaldTrump did anything with Russia and you still try!  #PoliticalHack
Stolen Valor Blumenthal......typical lying  DemocRat.
I didn't know this what a low life POS!
Big league!
Well we know what channel Donald was watching this morning lol. You had three whole tweets dedicated to you, Sir. A dubious honour indeed.
So much to say it's easy
We do not need another Mary Matalin and James Carville get rid of Mika
Did you notice that the letter to Comey was the first time he didn't call her Crooked Hillary in 18 months.
Ask him about his credibility and his claims of being a war hero .
Rich Blumenthal's Lier of Vietnam now calls for special prosecutor of Trump. #CareerPolitician
Remembering Donald's 5 deferments for bone spurs while he played sports in college.
You lied about military service? ! !  U coward. #draintheswamp #ComeyFiring #Comey
Blumenthal is the guy who lied about Vietnam for years? And now a spokesperson for the Democrats? Where do they dig up these serial liars??
FAKE NEWS LAUGHABLE! !!   MIKA N JOE DELUSIONAL MIKA U NEED THERAPY!!! And r the one who acts like spoiled CHILD!!!
Emergency Congressional Hearings? @SenSchumer @SenWarren @MaxineWaters @RepCummings ?
Truman fired MacAuthur. Get over it! Old FBI Directors never die, they just fade away. By the way, there is no Russian connection! None!
Richard Blumenthal Claimed Vietnam Service But Never Went;
AP/Huffington Post... Did MSNBC ask u about this.scumbag. Watching u make me sick
You need to stop wasting my taxpayer money on a VERY FAKE NEWS network!!Russian Ruse Fake Narrative!!Please get your head out of the sand
Dems pushing way too much on Russia. Hillary is going to end up in jail
How about Blumenthal does the job he was elected to do and stops the useless investigations. There is nothing there.
Trump just have you a nickname! You've joined that special club! Of folks that the megalomaniac hates. Congrats!
Another TV station dead set against Trump
Hey Richard why don't you lie about serving in Vietnam again.
LIAR LIAR LIAR
Morning Tizzy.
@JamesClammer @amyklobuchar @POTUS44 @DaShanneStokes @peterdaou @SenBobCasey @Impeach_D_Trump @SaysHummingbird
: A Lier like Clinton, same school
Senator, with respect, I suggest you read + reread Scalia's dissent in Morrison, which time has thoroughly vindicated.
Why does there need to be an explanation? That should be apparent.
..... the #russians ......
blualcohol needs independent investigation on loony dems changing sides every other day!
Are all these senators incompetent?  Why do they feel they can't continue investigation?  Nothing changes with FBI but they get a new boss
Our CT Senator knows the law better than anyone. @SenBlumenthal will stand up for us at this time of crisis.
Richard Blumenthal Claimed Vietnam Service But Never Went; 
AP/Huffington Post.... 
Yeah great guy. More like big scumbag..
That's exactly what we need.
Blumenthal is a lier and a blowhard. Too bad cant fire him
Racist? Lied about being a wounded vet. He's my state senator, so i know he's a blowhard
You should pick guests with some semblance of credibility. This partisan hack has none.
There's only one thing worse than an ideologue....a stupid ideologue. And Blumenthal is, well, not smart.
Thank you my Senator!!
My sympathies to you.
Lets investigate #Obamagate also
President Trump is the coolest President that we ever had in the United States of America >>now we know why the POPE apologized to him.
President Trump >>BLAME IT ALL ON HILLARY COSBY CLINTON >> WOW THAT IS SO SMART
Why should tax payers afford that, already investigations that have discovered NOTHING.  Debt above 20 trillion.
Nothing? Is that why grand jury suponeas went out?
Joe he said he was going to drain the swamp and the American people deserve that you and Mika are part of the problem
Senator Blumenthal was busted for lying about being in Vietnam over and over again on the campaign Trail he said he was in Vietnam he wasn't
Sorry I don't understand your message
we need an independent prosecutor
They should use the same special prosecutor that they used to investigate Hillary's server and the Clinton Foundation, this guys a sad joke.
