2/ Fed judge signing warrant would demand persuasive evidence of probable cause that a serious crime has been committed
3/ This kind of raid- in early morning hours w no advance notice- shows astonishing & alarming distrust for Pres’s former campaign chairman
4/ Raid decimates Manafort's claim of cooperation with law enforcement– it reflects evidence connecting Manafort to criminal wrongdoing
5/5 Significant step reaffirms my reasons for urging a Special Counsel&redoubles my determination to protect investigation from interference
that the raid occurred the day after manafort 'testified' leads me to believe Mueller and crew don't believe he was forthcoming.
BS
Thank you for putting up the good fight, Senator! We support you in all your efforts. The Truth is Out There!
Thank goodness as a former Attorney General you put forth the age old adage.....Guilty until proven innocent".
Lies, corruption, collusion, money laundering don't phase you but when trump is challenged you cry foul?

SAD
Oh there's proof of what Hillary is involved in.
#auspol

That may or may not be the case but, since she didn't achieve the presidency then I ask you: who cares?
All of us who want to see justice
#auspol

You don't think trump should be held to account for his crimes?
You r a well respected former Ct AG who brought down the Ameriquest Mortgage fraud. U were great in protecting the rights of Ct citizens
I wonder if that's the reason Tbag is going to the tower this week , maybe to do some shredding?
I'll bet it's already shredded or being done today
Yup right after the secret service was kicked out 
Yeah but the FBI not to mention German and British intelligence have copies of all things Russian.
In the  world of unhinged liberals good  is  evil and evil  is good
Unhinged liberals are cirminals,anarchist, corrupt, evil,racist, haters of truth and lovers of  lies. Fraudulent.Smashers of hard drive
Let me introduce you to literally thousands of people suspected of nonviolent drug crimes, often on flimsy evidence.
2/ Fed judge signing warrant would demand persuasive evidence of probable cause that a serious crime has been committed
Think the circumstances may be different. Rich, powerful, politically connected dude vs poor people with no connections and bad lawyers
Mueller's workin' hard to make sure Manafort has unpardonable RICO charges so Trump's pardons are useless.  Manafort will take Trump down.
Speaking of untrusted targets, How was Vietnam Richard?
Let's see if Trump can spin the FBI raiding Manaforts house with a Warrant as a Democrats excuse for a loss.
It will certainly irk enough people in your country believing in FairPlay if you know the word
Aww, poor Manafort.
How about the raids for families who want an HONEST life in the USA?
Unlike traitors. Midnight raid on the White House!
You are the absolute worst hope they vote you out.
Thanks for speaking out on this on nat'l news & elsewhere. Ct congress people have been dogged in the fight. Chris Murphy, J Himes et al
Hillary deleted 33,000 emails. Didn't hear you say much about that either. Maybe you were too busy writing a book about serving in Vietnam
The Senator did serve in Vietnam era- if you've never worn a uniform, please be quite and sit down. The grown ups are talking
I've served and no not ALL vets deserve respect! He lied about serving in country! He is a disgrace to the Uniform!
Like I said to this airhead. I was a cook in the Navy, so it's ok if I say I did raids w the Navy Seals because I wore a uniform
Chief Riback is that you? 
Hahaha.For real. I served as an infantry soldier 11B. So it's ok for me to say I was Special Forces because I wore an Army Uniform Priceless
You missed the whole point-
TRUST THE DOSSIER: Manafort was the unquestioned linchpin of the Trump/Russia collusion operation. @senblumenthal
Yes. Why he was first fired. I keep saying that ... they got him off campaign fast when Comey et al started snooping.
Yes,and Carter Page and then Boris Epshteyn when Nunes found out he was under surveillance/investigation. -all were dumped when got too hot.
30k emails deleted.  Evidence destroyed.  Out right lies.  Guess you would have to open your eyes!

He was cooperating His attorney was also cooperating, stop with your lies!!! For God's sake you work for all Americans, not Star Magazine!!!
as soon as your boss Trump works for ALL Americans, and not just his cult followers
What exactly do you  think The Pres is doing wrong? He is working for 0 salary, no special interests, he truly cares about Our Country.
The whole lot of them are dirty. Trump needs to be removed as well as Pence cuz u know he knew. New Election MUST be held. Paper ballot only
Manafort was questioned & THEN they decided they needed to RAID his house. AND THEN ... they took a bunch MORE EVIDENCE OUT OF HIS HOUSE.
added to timeline
That you are okay with that but deporting an illegal  criminal u are  against. You lib senators are  a bad influence  to  future generation
Ha ha. You're English iz not so good, maebe we will deport ewe.
For the love of God tell Mueller to hurry so Trump can be arrested and we can sleep at night again.
Yes! Speed it up, guys. These wackos are doing considerable damage.
I was cuddling my toddler grandson today and I felt sick to know this innocent little one may suffer because of the insanity of the GOP.
I hear ya. I'm going to be a grandma for the first time soon. I am so scared & worried for her future. Will she even have a future?
I am in disbelief we have come to this, I hardly sleep anymore and won't until this monster is gone.
I hope HC told him how to use bleachbit & smash phones & computers first...OMG such a tragedy...NOT!!!
#Yippee !!
Can't you just imagine the partying in the streets when this all finally goes down?!?
Let's not count our chickens before they've hatched. This could take a while. 
Hillary deciding on whether to plead guilty she destroyed evidence that was subpoenaed jail or plea deal? Hmmm
This is NOT about Hillary! Stop looping the same comment!
Predawn Raid? and your a Senator? What is he a serial killer and they went in with guns a blazing?  keep riling up the herd "Vietnam vet"
They didn't knock on the door looking to have coffee, Einstein.  Yes, it was a raid and yes, it happened predawn.
You have pictures genius?
Wow wake up or you really have no hope. You probably don't trust your own mother.
Oh wait your friend works for the FBI, U read a lot of news and U heard it was  a big raid, I forgot how confirmation bias works, stupid me
Yes we agree on one thing, you're stupid. Yeah I tend to trust when I see it in multiple places. I don't go thru life questioning everything
Must drive you nuts not to trust anyone or anything.  Or do you pick out what fits your narrative and go with that?
I'm guessing no girlfriend/boyfriend nor married, huh?
As that raid was happening I hope they were watching the 'others' homes to see evidence carried out the doors
One of my same thoughts
You know what's REALLY stunning, Dick? Your views on #singlepayer. You need to be primaried. #DemExitForever
We have a nuclear crisis and your pontificating about the Russian Ruse??? How did you ever get elected????
Where was this when holder,lynch ,clintons law run amuck .all bullshit just like your military service record
#BidenBlumenthal2020 ... please
Thank you!
obvious he is guilty, thanks Putin for displacing diplomats? No concern for those Americans losing job, or that this is meant as pay back
Of course he would rather annihilate millions than face consequences
Typical Dem Party horse shit that will end up back on their breakfast plate..
Good, now follow the child trafficking, drug smuggling bullshit. He wants to "drain the swamp"? Enough is enough. The world knows
If it were Killary, that's what shed be doing. Or using a sledge hammer on some, smart phones, can't allow the hard drives to survive at all
So, you must start thinking when is that predawn raid coming to my house, because I'm a lying POS, out touch with all American's!!!!
If he was not expecting it..he should have
DICK, STOLEN VALOR
Or people who lied about serving in a combat zone? @rex_rexchapman

Is that how it worked in Vietnam?
Of course - that's how you serve warrants!
Also means they believe 1. Target has material evidence, and 2. Target would destroy evidence if they knew search was coming.
& the raid was not even 24 hrs  after he testified B4  the senate intelligence committee & right B4 testimony 2 senate judiciary committee
Watching House of Cards. Living this administration.
Thanks for the insight
The corrupt Obama administration didnt raid anyone of the criminal democrats during the last 8 years. So just shut up hypocrite!
The "burger" is getting some meat.
Thank you!
Do you really agree with these type of Venezuelan tactics??
I've always been afraid that when the investigation got too close to Trump's financials, he would engineer a crisis.  Well, he just did.
Blumenthal, it seems you don't really understand the real reason for early morning raids. It is a tactic for intimidating a person.
Stunning is how STUPID these guys are to align themselves with Trump
What is stunning is Clinton destroyed computers Phones etc and crickets from the FBI #Collusion from every angle
How stupid are u its called thuggery witch hunt hello Debbie @dnc harboring criminals no action fab gay 4 @realDonaldTrump Manafort @FoxNews
I like how you pretend to give a shit.

Top Fed Prosecutor RESIGNS amid Leaking Scandal
Did they also raid his office(s)?
Akin to grabbing my phone & deleting a video. It went to the cloud when taken to live forever!
Thank you for the sharp insight, profound & credible. I'm proud tip have voted for you. Keep fighting for us and for our great Republic.
They should raid your house and get those fake Vietnam medals of the wall. I wouldn't vote for you to be dog catcher. Unfair to dogs.
Thank you Senator Blumenthal.  I feel that you have our backs.
Thank you! It really helps when our Congresswomen & Congressmen weigh in on these matters! We have your backs!
Who knows, maybe this time Blumenthal is telling truth! Maybe not. Time will tell.
Stay on that buffoon in the WH. Be comforted in knowing that if you're being attacked by Trump you're on to something. #ImpeachTrump
Thank You SenBlumenthal NH CT
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
Seriously, if you thought you were under investigation, wouldn't you dump all of the incriminating stuff when you 1st suspect it
I think it is a given NOT to trust any Trump associates. Deal with them with a Dialogue of Distrust.
Manafort was allegedly cooperating, but apparently the Feds sure didn't trust him, which makes perfect sense.
Can do you something for the residents of CT
Exactly
Manafort is part of tRUMP's "team" (speall that "gang"); I'd take the same approach - UNTRUSTWORTHY so #LOCKHIMUP #RESIST
Not at all. happens every day to us sheep.  Rarely happens to one  of you members of the ruling class.
July 26th 3AM.

Manafort: Honey, u awake? I'm feeling REALLY horny.

FBI Officer: Don't move, Mr. Manafort. We'll be out of here soon.
This is going to get very very interesting
Manafort is mobster type criminal-He's in trouble w son-in-law pyramid scheme-Hope he snitches on DT-Time 2 put Pence in b4 war & I'm a Dem!
Thank you for sharing
your little feelings are hurt, cause Trump called you out on a lie
weren't search warrants done in Hillarys case, no charges there
how many warrants have you wrote in your life?
Don't listen to Ghost Soldiers.
I think they want to get stuff on Manafort so as to be in a position to offer him immunity so he Will turn on Trump. That's my spin on it
I hope somebody turns. Flynn might.
I like to think there is much more going on behind the scenes with mueller more than we can even imagine. #muellermyhero
I think he proved that there's a lot going on "no knock" search warrant . There's some fire somewhere. Lol
@Gwpass1 so excited for the final result. He is literally out of his sociopathic mind.
Me too, they need to hide the nuke codes until its over.
@Gwpass1 heard they have "hidden" them. 
Trump will leak the codes 
Please don't back down!! He is a serious threat to this country. Unfit, unworthy, unscrupulous.
All those trump family 'NothingBurgers' apparently have Robt Muellers attention !!!
@SenBlumenthal 2020
Trump is going to tweet something nasty on u again. ..he is a bully
Yes Sir they are
Thanks for keeping us informed! And bigger thanks for standing up to trump and his posse of alt right thugs; a threat to democracy.
It's about %~$#^&@ time!
Thank you @SenBlumenthal for continuing to defend our democracy 
0
Ut oh, prepare for a twitter storm from POTUS senator.
I thought it was reported that he was cooperative?
Thank you Sir 
Anyone notice 'the 3 little trumps' haven't been running around spouting off, and denying Russian clandestine meetings, lately?  (GrandJury)
Was this raid telegraphed? I remain skeptical and hopeful.
#endthemadness
Thank you for your courage honesty and reason in the face of madness!
Thank you!! 
My concern is, the guilty now know to remove evidence from their homes and offices. Wish this one was kept a secret.
Need more of these. Corruption runs deep In this administration. Please root it out, your country is sick
SIT BACK DICK AND ENJOY THE SHOW!
Trumps candidates for US Attorneys for ny are connected to noted Trump allies; I'd challenge their objectivity and reject them
This to me is why you  @SenBlumenthal are so maligned by 45. Your dignity & perseverance are noted. Thanks! Keep on it means everything
If it's about mistrust better get more warrants!! Do people really think all the rest of them are not destroying evidence as we speak???
What ever became of hot tub in Bannon's apartment that showed signs that acid had been in it? Was DNA available to see who he burned alive?
Wonder if he was ready to flee
Raid the wht house Next!
Great now let's impeach
What  a joke
Yashar
He also could have documents concerning Trump and jr
TY @SenBlumenthal for staying the course with us. tRUmp needs to go. He, his criminal cronies and Russia R attempting to decimate democracy
I think we all watch too many movies.
What are the chances Manafort WASN'T on the phone with Trump during the infamous Russian Trump Tower meeting?
Interesting: Chris Christy flew to Italy..Wonder what scheme he could be carrying out for trump?  Meeting someone in secret for some reason?
* or unprotected targets
Or a member of the OPPOSITION
Never never never give up!!

The reason #PresidentTrump is after #Blumenthal today on twitter #EmolumentsClause AUG 14 court date.  #maddow @maddow @MaddowBlog @Rosie https://twitter.com/jollydeltachrgr/status/874943214246952960 …

#nationalenquirer drives #TrumpBus over #PaulManafort while @washingtonpost reveals #TrumpRussia #SearchWarrant https://jdcpredictions.blogspot.com/2017/08/aug0917-pertaining-to-lewdness-or.html … 
Aren't you one proud American, Mr. Blumenthal? Just enough to get elected!
@realDonaldTrump you're next
Yeah and DEMS like you , use bleach bit and hammmers to smash devices before the FBI investigates .. lock her up
Liar!
Can Trump properties be raided similarly while he is POTUS?
Think WH is being raided not renoed
This is just the beginning
This is just the beginning
Why just Mueller? Why isn't the effing GOP taking DT down? Oh wait, they're all complicit
Then the FBIshould raid Hillary, Huma and the DNC
After #Manafort #FBI #raid THE ONE article that goes deepest on #Trump #Russia #Putin ties w/ EXCLUSIVE info PLZ SHR
Don't get dizzy following this amazing diagram.
Keep up the good work Sir !
Maybe they should raid your house and check your military records
trump does have a knack for choosing losers for his top posts. Manafort's just one of many such wonderful people we were supposed to trust!
Hey Richard! You need to grow a pair.
Kinda like your firefight in Nam; is hrc and LL equally stunning-u go short Pants
Buh her emails.....blah blah blah. What a bunch of criminals. Lock them all up. We can deal with Pence. He's a predictable criminal.
Tweets like this from you, Schiff, Liu etc are pointless and inappropriate. Pls leave to commentators & just investigate / don't politicize
I am concerned this raid is prompting Trump to visit Trump Tower. This week unexpectedly. . Is evidence at risk? Not much time to act left.
Has he been back to TT since election?
Impeach this draft dodging coward!  NEVER MY DAMN PRESIDENT!
Thank you for your service in Vietnam.
My father, who fought in the Pacific theatre in WW II and lost dozens of buddies, urged me to avoid Vietnam. I was a dutiful son. Thank you
Did the toilet flush when the knock at the door came?
Remember that time Putin kidnapped 63million Americans and forced them to vote for Trump?  Me neither
Prez tweets about you just shows he's afraid. I appreciate your opinion and candor.
needs to have been done on Jr, Jared the Ripper, Isanka, & Rump
Raid of Manafort's home could suggest Manafort's guilt. It could suggest the FBI is under control of particular interests. No blind trust
Why didn't Comey said Hillary's house to get her emails? Or get the DNC server that was supposedly hacked by Russians. WTFU! Soros puppet.
Thank you, Senator, for speaking like the adult in the room & ignoring his lame personal attacks on you. There are bigger fish to fry.
Does it bother u HRC & co negotiated w/ FBI on what & how to turn over evidence & Trump & co r raided 4 anything & everything the FBI wants
I can't wait until they start flipping these amatuers! They will be racing to cut a deal before the hammer comes down! Yay!!!
or when you have enough probable cause for a Federal Judge to sign that warrant. Makes me warm n cozy inside!
FBI should have already done pre-dawn raids on Hillary, Susan Rice, Oloser, Valerie Jarrett, Loretta Lynch and James Comey.
Sounds like Trump got under your thin skin. Maybe you should seek a safe space with little violins playing in the background to help.
If true Manafort wants to "flip" but Mueller having none of it, wow. Also Fusion GPS supposed to turn over 1000s of pages of info today.
Dem leaders, for the love of all that is good, stop tiptoeing around with the cautious language. We fall further away with each passing sec
There has never in all of our history been a threat more serious to everything we hold dear than the Trump regime.
Wonder if that's why SS got thrown out of NYC diggs??
Everybody just treats them as normal but crooked politicians instead of fascist occupation
So why aren't we seeing dem leaders speak out on threat posed by illegitimate govt and coup we were victim of?
Im sitting here struggling to find the language strong enough to express how much our sacred democracy is under siege
As stunning as your service in Vietnam?
He didn't. And he did a disgusting thing by pretending he did. But that does not negate what he's saying.
Why exactly should we listen to a person lying about serving in Vietnam, when the record shows nothing of the sort. #StolenValor
Hillary Clinton should be next. Reckless and careless with top secret info is a Felony. # lockherup
I'm with you also.
Don't forget about this Guy .@realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Paulie Walnuts untrustworthy.  Say it isn't so
It’s only stunning if you’re willfully ignorant, or a liar.
Stay classy, Senator. You're on the right side of history. And thanks for your service. The

All fine and good that they are after Manafort, but if it doesn't lead to Trump it means nothing.
Especially given the fact it came the day after he testified. Implies they knew stuff prior to the testimony and knew he was lying during it
The more @realDonaldTrump attacks you, the more we will support you. You exaggerated & apologized. He's done much worse & never apologized.
Yep, the raid on Manafort's house boggles the mind. These people are criminals!
@StephenKing : Ineptitude, thy name is Trump.
Hey, Dick. Could you take a moment and tell us why you're not supporting #singlepayer?
While you were cashing checks from your dad @realDonaldTrump @SenBlumenthal went to law school. This Russia thing is going somewhere.
Like what your saying but catch up..check Seth Abramsons site
What u say wld be fine if not 1 mth ago. Sounding like panic now .. but onto next phase of securing our security.

They should do the same with Roger Stone!He should be in prison for his contact with hacker & not reporting it to the #FBI!
Huh? ATF does this to innocent people on regular basis. You run a police state, sans civil rights, Richard the Liar.
No one cares what u think. Stolen valor!
Is this true?
NO KNOCK. Key words..
Just shows the intention to humiliate or manipulate someone who has been cooperative, in a inflammatory, partisan bias: Overkill
Manafort's spokesman says he's not "cooperating witness." To get warrant for surprise raid, FBI had to show risk of concealment/destruction
An unannounced SUV carrying men-in-black executes a pre-dawn raid, for what? A laptop? A random file? An expired bottle of tylenol? Really?

This is the most serious threat to our democracy in many decades.  Keep up the good work Senator and I hope more @GOP colleagues wake up

Mueller sending message to nation "this is serious, be prepared for the worst"
Thank you Senator.  It's a great comfort to know there are adults in the room.
