Digital giants taking a stand against white supremacists, while Trump continues covering for them with false equivalencies.
How about taking a stance against far left extremist group Antifa & BLM? The false equivalency's are from you Senator!
What contrast? Your lies don't help anybody.
Why is it nobody can unite against BLM or ANTIFA? Is it because they are the ones dems push to carry out your twisted agenda? Tell me why?
Cool story from a story teller such as your self why not say you tried to stop the car with your bare hands?
Can't wait for your corruption to surface. How's Ukraine Senator?
I applaud them for shutting down white supremacists but I'm also very concerned about their immense social engineering power. slippery slope
The people heard the president denounce the far-right groups. What is it with you people falsely accusing him of not doing what he did?
Tech Co. should also unite behind Connecticut One of the highest tax states, businesses moving out and a $5.4 billion budget deficit!
Blumenthal is a puke.  Let's have honest debate not this political #vomit that gets us nowhere.
Blumenthal hates Trump. He called him out in public on his Vietnam record. Look what the Dems have done to our state.
These R nothing more than Liberals looking for any excuse to malign President Trump.  Republicans are the party of emancipation, not Dems!
Is this a Nazi?
Don't forget to include antifa!

When are you going to 2 take a stand against H1Bs as 1.7 Million Americans have lost their jobs - start working for us instead of a camera
What ambiguity? I got it what about English don't you understand
But what about BLM and ANTIFA
silicon valley is creating technology to abolish jobs to technology... is that good? is that what Americas needs?
What about the BLM they should be considered black supremacist
LET'S TALK ABOUT YOUR FAKE STORIES ABOUT YOU BEING A WAR HERO NOT!!! YOU ARE A COMPLETE FRAUD WHO LIKES BOYS IT HAS BEEN SAID NOW WHAT#@!
This is a dangerous thing when comp.can say who they will or will not serve. Not serving catholics jews dem. Rep Prolife where would it end?
Anyone with a mind and ears heard President Trump denonounce white supremacist but as most Americans believe violence was on both sides
We need Congress to impeach him now!  This week's cover on @TheEconomist 

#TrumpMustGo
#BannonMustGo
#PenceMustGo

#LoveNotHate

#PeaceNow

So you think it is ok for one person to club another because of their belief?
Is it okay to kill them?  One wrong does not make it right.
Hey Richie, did you know Dem Senator Robert Byrd wore his KKK outfit when he was buried. Just thinking!
Senator, I am going to give you the benefit of doubt and say... "Please practice listening for understanding."    @realDonaldTrump
I guarantee Trump doesn't know what " abhorrent ambiguity"  means!!
Black or Hispanic neighbors do you have Mr Billionaire? Maids don't count
.@PayPal Do you know you are promoting THIS by letting people purchase products on THIS site?
The fact that people feel the need to claim they "are not a racist " makes me wonder if they are. How many
Sad days when Corporate American has more moral compass than the #GOP and Trump.
Where is CONGRESS????
How come nobody has said nothing about the Illigal immigrant in Utah that raped a 7 year old girl THOUSANDS OF TIMES!
There is no ambiguity. He has never been more clearer of where he stands and it's not with the majority of Americans.
It took them long enough.
Anyone that supports the left and they refuse to do anything about Illigal Immigrant are sick! AN ILLIGAL IMMIGRANT RAPED A 7 year old girl!
Start dealing with true issues! Obamacare reform, tax breaks 4 middle class! An Illigal immigrant raped a7 year old girl thousands of times!
When are the Nazis landing on the beaches?  Don't want to miss the techies defending the nation!  Will it be covered by CNN?
U R left tactics are ridiculous! U can lie & put up any false smoke screen! BUT THE PEOPLE KNOW BETTER! WE Will REELECT TRUMP! Deal with it!
How many times does Trump have 2 say he's against Nazis.KKK.&White Supremacists! 10,20 or 50! Obama never denounces BLM! Not 1 time!
Now it's time for senators to unite to censure a President whose motives, values and actions are abhorrently clear. @ChrisMurphyCT @tedlieu
Now it's the Senate turn to follow their lead.  It time for a bipartisanship legislation to invoke #25admendmentnow and remove the "Madking"
It is your partisan sniping that is abhorrent; can't wait until you are voted out
Lie. His language wasn’t ambiguous on the matter unlike all those years where you pretended to be in Vietnam. Quit clowning & go bowling.
You liberals are the haters. Why do you hate America and her people
LMAO, They are the #WhiteSupremacists this is getting way out of control. FU@K #Nazi #Antifa #WhiteSupremacists and all the hate groups.
Wife of 42nd president said a KKK leader was her mentor.  Have yet to hear you denounce it.

Then what-freedom of speech is hampered more than it is now? Govt tells my daughter where she'll go to college & what she'll major in? 2/2
Be careful what you wish 4.
As reprehensible as these grps R, once suppression begins it's only a matter of time B4 ppl R burning books 1/2
How would you know? Those tech companies don't talk to you Blummey. Your making this up to. Liar.
Hey Senator, are you following up on that letter of questions to Wilbur Ross that he ignored?
When ppl denounce hate groups from all segments of American society, they will project credibility and not bias.
