A real strategy for Afghanistan requires forceful diplomacy, not just military force.
Are you a General? Have you spoken to the Generals about their plans? Let them do their jobs. Please quit undermining.
Asking for more information on important issues is not undermining. The taxpayers deserve to be informed of what they're paying for.
Kind of like Obamacare? Had to pass it to find out what "taxes" we were forced to pay? Is that the kind of forceful diplomacy you want?
At least the ACA was passed with a full 60+ votes in partnership with Repubs unlike McConnell using the nuclear rule trying for repeal.
We don't care....specifics just enable the enemy....course you should know that from being in Vietnam right?
So in your opinion one has to have served in order to speak the truth? Drumpf didn't serve and yet he's not subject to the same add-ons?
No he didn't....but he also didn't lie to his constituents about it.
Not as short as your Vietnam resume though.
That's all you've got? Weak. Weak like a Trump speech is weak on specifics that differentiate winning from losing.
Being cryptic is the tactic of sham and flim-flam artists. Being honest and forthright about your intentions is a hallmark of a true leader
He literally lied about his service. It's called 'stolen valor.' There's nothing honest and forthright about Blumenthal.
I'm in total agreement with you on this one.
Now let's get back to the main discussion 
Can you PLEASE stop pushing your hate for Trump and tell us your plans to balance the budget and stop burdening the working people here.
It's not hatred, it's frustration in trying to decipher his word-salad speeches. Balancing budgets is priority only in the mind of banksters
Well he's not the Brightest bulb....so
It's called a secret. War typically works better when the enemy doesn't know what you're planning to do.
Depends on what strategy you're looking for. Progress? No. Disrupt American norms? You tell me he isn't working toward that.
Something you and your fellow antifa supporters do not have.....
How would resolve the situation?
But no lies... Right tricky Dick???
The American people deserve an articulated strategy, and a hope that we will, at some point, stop sending troops into harms way
one that gives the strategy to the enemy first right? freakin moronic leftist thinking...
Military leaders far more astute than President Trump frequently articulate detailed strategy w/o revealing operational specifics
Hence why nothing has changed in Mideast.... point proven.. later loser.
And nothing changes in "Mideast" when leaders there are pushing right-wing separatist doctrine as the only solution.
nuke the gooks.
Listening to Trump tonight. The man is completely off his rocker & should NOT have an open mike to spread his hate. He is a Hitler wanta be
What topic isn't he short on specifics? He still thinks he's campaigning. Did no one tell him he was elected, & it's time to man up?
That's what they said about the Wall and racism. Both things now SOLVED! SO MANY ACCOMPLISHMENTS I can't divulge secrets to #MAGA.
But who will conduct diplomacy? No State Dept. envoys to Afghanistan, India or Pakistan. #NotMyPresident #AfghanStrategy
The Prez could have read from the Bible, and people would still grip! Its the stupid mind set of the left and some " Sorry"repubs!
Coming from a Vietnam and military vet I will heed ur adice. Oh wait that didn't happen. My bad! Or urs?!
I'd try to stay away from calling anything short, Little Dick Blumenthal!
do you say everything that other dems say verbatim? How about a fresh look.
nada new ... He is a #dumkopf and unfit to lead #trumpresign we need sleep ;(
After 8 failed yrs under @BarackObama with you cheerleading his every move, hard to take a #Stolenvalor Senator seriously. @CTGOP
That and his foreign tenants in his family's Empire State Building which is according to Dick illegal.
Empire State Building is the source of so much of @SenBlumenthal wealth...  https://www.google.com/amp/nypost.com/2014/03/18/muslims-booted-from-empire-state-building-for-praying-suit/amp/ … @CTGOP
Do you mean he should be doing what Barack did for 8 years?  How has that worked out?
No .@SenBlumenthal it had nothing a thinly veiled less vulgar version aof .@realDonaldTrump rally rant Real Up Senator
Cut him some slack. He doesn't want to telegraph his plan to his enemies. In Deep State.
He has no plan
Funny how his strategy changed when not in campaign mode!
That's the definitions of all politicians
Leave it to Dick Blumenthal to point out others not giving pertinent info.  #Vietnam-Fraud
Senator, again Ur inexperience as a Faux Vietnam Veteran is on display. U don't deliver the Military Strategy with Details via National TV!
Senator - Why don't we direct message our battle plan to ISIS, the Taliban, and Pakistan. Would that make you happy? @ChrisMurphyCT
Diplomacy doesn't work in Iraq, Iran, Afghanistan, Pakistan, North Korea, etc., etc.
When he says we are going to kill them, how to publicly give specifics?
Shut up
Sounds like the Dems better deal rhetoric. No details.
Your bias is unbounded. Seems you criticize no matter what the President does. America deserves better than your constant criticism.
Of course
Agreed! Afghanistan is a very complex situation, he needs to elaborate more on his proposed plan.
How would you know?
That's b/c he doesn't have one.
The DNC members are the real Nazis. Satan is waiting to collect your souls.
Your Grandstanding is tiresome. You should resign already. Why aren't you making a big deal of DNC/Russian collusion? Blumenthal =Traitor!
How is "know success when we see it" an achievable mission objective?  Just putting troops at risk for improved ratings & distraction?
Well if you actually served instead of #StolenValor you would know it's not wise to give the enemy your strategy... what a loser!!!
Worked for Bush.
thats his plan
But aren't they all? Words come out of his mouth and in the end we're left asking "what did he just say?"
Too vague & not enough details! No President has ever kept the American people in the dark like he does! It makes me very nervous and uneasy
You don't telegraph details it's called a military secret
Let's face it specifics not strong point! Mind u neither r truth, facts, morals, ethics, basic human decency etc! What is his strong point!
What the heck?  He told you why it was short on specifics!  NO LONGER are we giving WARNINGS!!!
Unlike Obama.
Says the drummer boy for anti-Americaism
But it was NEW, right? Actually it is new for Trump but recycled for everyone else!

P.S. Thank you @maddow for sharing this!
What is wrong with you???? Are you going to obstruct everything he does? YOU ARE SO OUT come election time.... #MAGA
you should go lead the way like you did in Vietnam right? Hero...
That was a strategy you libtard
Sticking with obamas plan is what it is, great! no change just like the economy,
Chump never makes sense. Not even what he does. Did u c him remove his eclipse glasses while watching the eclipse? Hes an IDIOT
Call it a "Smoke and Mirrors" policy. No substance. Blather and hot air. Typical Trump.
Trump is an awful orator - even with a TelePrompTer. Given his history of flip-flopping, who knows what he believes.
I refuse to take advice on war strategy  from a senator who lied about his service in Vietnam
Yes, @POTUS has come a long way lol...
Let's tell the enemy are plans! Your clueless
It's a helluva improvement over Obama strategy.
I guess we should ask Mattis and MsMaster. He just read their plan with a twist... it was no different than 44's. #impeach
Ya think? What are u waiting for? Hasn't this bozo broken enfu laws yet? 
He's short on lots of things. Intellect is not his strongest trait.
You have been losing the war, for us, for long enough! Crazy is doing the same thing over and over and expecting diff results! Resign!!!
Really, u fucken fraud! Say something constructive or not at all! ur lies about ur service makes u a credible source for winning wars?
Just sit back and complain. 45 will take care of obamas JV team.
the speech was full of it
none of our allies will support him and he made things worse with india
Hum had you actually served in the military you would know...You don't telegraph your plans to the enemy.
Thank you!!!
Unlike your hero Obama, this president is intelligent enough not give information to the enemy. Not sure they were Obamas enemy
I would assume a man w/ your combat experience, could understand the vast importance of not sharing a detailed plan of military action.
Unlike his predecessor, he doesn't tell our enemies exactly what we are going to do. You should know with your vast military experience.
Good one!
And you're a compulsive liar.
With @potus when the rubber hits the road, we find there is no road and the tires are bald. All bravado with little if any substance.
Hey Senator you want the Prez to tell everyone where we're going to send the troops and drop the bombs?
Thank you for this correct and on point statement.  Some of your colleagues across the aisle think that POTUS's strategy is great.  Wrong.
Why does he need to be specific? If he was too specific you'd knock him on that. All that time in Vietnam doesn't make you military expert
Just like his entire campaign
That's like saying take out the trash because it smells.  Really? That's all you got?
Probably afraid you and your leadership would leak it out to CNN
Funny you never said this shit when Obama was president and he was always short on specifics or out and out lied
You will criticize the way this man breathes air.Looks like you're planning a run in 2020.
Thats why you never got far in the military, you dont discuss specifics in front of the world.#BrainDeadDemocrats
This is a diversion for Trump. He doesn't care about our young men being sent there. He wants everyone to forget about his impending doom!
You don't know what he thinks.
As usual
I think we all know why

no, that's your budget for CT
How's this for specific? Get Out.
I didn't watch his speech. Didn't want to waste my time or lose any brain cells. I'm sure that he was lying. Because #TrumpAlwaysLies.
KMA. You didn't listen. If you did you wouldn't know what you were listening to. :ile most politicians you're another blood sucker.
Trump won't broadcast his moves like the Traitor in Chief did! Trump's on our side!
I think that's the point Dick. Don't broadcast your strategy to the enemy.
Trump is short on specifics necessary for success in general. Sweeping vagueries allow for plausible deniability in case of future failure
That's his MO.
Why don't U give us the specifics you'd recommend senator? Criticism without a solution is a coward's path. Anyone? Yeah, I didn't think so.
Time to lock up the purse, Sir.
Do we really need to let the enemy know all our plans to defeat them?
Like another campaign speech...NO REAL PLAN...just platitudes.
You mean Obamas campaign speeches..no real plan just platitudes?
His strategic intention was
to distract attention from his
most recent failures of character.
I’d say “Mission Accomplished.”

#tinyVictory
A lot better then your boring ones anyday
Yet another @DNC senator consistently voting against our military cc @JohnKerry prototype
Another sound bite from the Vietnam lier.
"Frowardness is in his heart, he deviseth mischief continually; he soweth discord. Therefore shall his calamity come suddenly; "
Oh pipe down already. Your Zionist interests are being served.
Every uncharitable act is a boomerang.All you do is tear down. "A wicked man, walketh with a froward mouth. He winketh with his eyes," Prov6
Its cruel to military families left hanging and in doubt about a future. Action without a plan is certain to fail
So your telling me out generals have no plans? They plan for stuff you can't even comprehend There's a plan for everything in the military
#fakesenator
Anything more that that risk him going off TelePrompTer.  What is the strategy?
again you and the rest of the left upset he didnt say something or what you want to hear
That's typical of them. Easily triggered
You're the one
OMG Did you even listen????
I'd say not! There are lots of those who apparently did not listen.
A load of CRAP is all
guess still trying to deal with the last eights years of successful strategy?
Again he read a generic script that was written for him. Sticking to a script doesn't change what he is,
Short on for specifics for good reason.  You should have learned from this Obama blunder
Lol you want him to give details to the enemy you didn't learn anything in Vietnam oh I forgot you lied about that duche knuckle
Trump is always short on anything worth a damn
His speech sucked ass
The war-mongerers are deep in the pockets of weapons makers. Let's seek peace instead.
What's your plan to do this . They don't want any peace. This is their occupation. We have to babysit them so they kill more of us.
Broadcasting our plans has worked so well up-to now too
I must have missed any real strategy.  What I saw was a continued embarrassment.  Get out your knee pads, Senator.
Didn't have enough specifics to make a good book report in high school.
And this surprises you how? He is unfit for office and has no idea at all what he's doing. #ImpeachTrumpNow
#eatshitnowhater!
Exte nded photo up with breathing... And keep Trump on prompter
And what exactly would your input be Senator?..What about POTUS Obama..Did you stand with him on Mideast?
These triggered idiots think your suppose to
Just reading the words.
And how did your hero Barack's "strategy" work?
Your continued partisan opposition to POTUS no matter what the issue is transparent, reprehensible.   CT should be ashamed.
Long on sniffs
Trump playing I've got a secret w/military plans. 
Or the generals haven't told him anything.
A little knowledge could b dangerous w/Trump.
Your so vein and digusting who high 5's his ownself
Just say we are going to WAR!
Donald t. Is prob part or is in Illuminati . ?? Hummm u think
It was short in many ways. But you can tell his speech writer changed.
So the usual Trump..
He doesn't know anything about any of this.
How would you know?
Oh he was specific. 

Plan: Do the same thing as before and expect a difference result.

Because he's a "problem solver" 
He is we finally have a real president
Don't worry he'll flip again @ 5AM tweets BC no  teleprompter
So do we even have anyone at our embassies around the world?.I know there are so many positions unfilled!!That's troubling!
it's getting a very positive response
Right, like announcing when troops will be withdrawn!
#trumpRESIGN
Just like trump himself. #joke
For 8 years all we got from Obama on Afghanistan were periodic lies.  Now you want specifics?  You don't care; you just want to complain.
Well thats drumpf 4 ya. NOW IMPEACH!!
I hope to God this wasn't because of his poll numbers
Perhaps you prefer "JV Basketball Team" comparisons and having soldiers ask DC if they can fire a bullet...would that have made you smile? 
FAIL from JOTUS
What exactly is different besides Trump is now president?
Yeah, after 8 years we're used to that sort of thing. What's your plan #StolenValor?
He speaks with his fingers/hands. stop it! . He just reads what is written. WRITTEN . IN FRONT OF HIM.
Like Obalma
As compared to Obama? Are you nuts?
Aww really? Let me check my @SenBlumenthal care meter....... nope! #MAGA
#botbabble 
Cmon man. Don't sell out it was SAD.
President Trump's brain is short on specifics.
Do you have government clearance. This isn't the Obama presidency . We don't telegraph every move for our enemys anymore.
Ummm because this:
Bingo! And a transparent effort to change the subject from Charlottesville and Russia without saying much of anything. A Potemkin war policy https://twitter.com/djrothkopf/status/899809269306011648 …
Short on specifics...just like his entire existence
That's a polite way of putting it......
Another of his campaign promises broken. Not surprised by that.
It was long on awkward pronunciations and odd heavy breathing though. 
So there's that.
Also since you have never served, except to lie about Serving you are the last person anyone would ask.
He laid out what obama did strengthened our enemies and weakened our nation. http://100percentfedup.com/antifa-manual-found-evergreen-college-campus-shut-rallies-force-media-show-side-righteous-one/ …
You questioning General Mattis now. Mattis has the strategy and he isn't telling.
