Opinion: Given one more chance to condemn white supremacists, President Trump takes up their talking points instead http://nyti.ms/2fKzEn4 
It's is when one came their to spread the hate silly and one came to stop the madness that been going for a very long time so u stop it
Coming there already prepared to hurt people with guns and Amor when others had none practicing how to run over crowds of people
trumps 2016 rallies let his cult chant hang Pres. Obama & others.
t's response chanted back "Have I been a good leader" it's all on video.
JO~You think thats funny for trump to let them chant hang President Obama? You r just like the cult then u sld look at his violent rallies
How can Kelly, a uniformed officer of the gov whose oath of office states he MUST defend us against domestic terrorists, stand by Trump?
It's about money, power and greed he knows this is wrong he is a general of USA what does he stand for he took a oath to serve and protect
trump violates oath since he took his hand off that bible on 1-20 He never divested and has enriched off us using the office as he intended
he's certainly not protecting the country. except the Nazis. he keeps them safe
Are there no cameras or journalists?  you all have the ability to call a press conference and tell us, and him, how you feel. Not Tweets!
Should we line up the Neo-nazi's and shoot them?  How about other hate groups?
Hate does not overcome hate!
Do you think he should only state violence is wrong when right wing people commit violent acts, ANTIFA, BLM both support violence.
Funny I don't remember you saying anything about condemning radical Democrats after the softball practice shooting.
The President was right. Nazis didn't just kill 2 cops. Your support of the violent left is irresponsible. Wake up.
No YOU should be condemned. YOU Democrats just REFUSE to listen in your rush to spew your own HATERED! Your disrespect unveils your HATE.
Nothing Shameful! President Trump blamed All who were violent.
Their is No Excuses. Proof that the Democratic party is connected to KKK and Black Lives Matter just to name a few.
#fakesenator
What a nerve. He was NOT silent. He condemned hate, bigotry & violence from all sides. You're an embarrassment not backing him in US crisis.
The Socialists democrats will spend 100s MILLIONS $$ removing CvWar Statues Yet Leave AfricanAmercns LIVING IN SLUMS ACROSS AMERICA #Hypcrts
Reading retweets is looking at a big circle jerk of Trump haters. Keep fantasizing he will be gone in 7.5 years. Thanks motivating voters
Deep breaths Senator, why are you stirring the pot of hysteria vice providing a calming influence as LEADERS do...?
Did you ever condemn your own lies Mr Blumenthal? Look at yourself first.
What about this statement?
When will you denounce Democratic Senator calling for Trump assassination?
Thank you for your honesty and outspokenness. #impeach
Charlottesville Police Come Forward: We Were Told to “STAND DOWN” to Ignite Race War (Video). NO EXCUSE FOR THIS! DEMS= LIES
@SenateDems @nytimes @SenateGOP #ImpeachTrump @POTUS #resignnow
So i see your smart enough to read the Dems playbook for the day.  You of all people to try and shame POTUS.  Your a lier. Vietnam
He cares about one person - Trump!
Say what???  Where was your outrage as Antifa burned cities and beat elderly people unconscious? SILENCE is consent.
Mr Zero credibility needs to crawl back under his rock. Blummey. Your a joke. Your a wanna be war hero. Sit this one out. You look like fool
No one (in public office) )is as willing to go so low and be as ugly as Trump....is there a bi-partisan coalition willing to talke action?
When are they going to take action for Obama never condemning BLM! And  corruption with OBAMA and Hillery Rice,Lynch? SO SICK THIS HATE!
BLM is not a hate group.
They did a lot of damage 2 business & burned cars! We're also chanting what do we want dead cops when do we want it now! ? NOT A HATE GROUP
That was not BLM. Antifa and BLM are different from each other.
I know that! I'm talking about Milwaukee!  Who did that BLM! All lives should matter!
Yes, all lives SHOULD matter. That's the point. Black lives have never mattered in our society.
The left don't care about poor people they want to keep control of these people so they depend on them and vote DEMOCRAT
Richard spread fake news is really not very smart.  Trump said plenty.  It will never be enough and your not helping . Your part of the prob
Stop showboating and get to work for more than 2% of your constituents .
State Police not going to lie for Gov #McAuliffe  #Charlottesville  #Shameful  @POTUS @SenRichardBlack @GovAbbott
#KKK = #democRATS

#byrd #hilLIARy
WHEN THE KLAN HAD POWER: In the 1920s the KKK marched 50,000 men in hoods down 5th Ave in NY--they were headed to the Dem Nat'l Convention 
@SenBlumenthal seems to stand with #Antifa I'm sure they are happy to have him in their corner.
Shame on you for helping crazies destroy our country. Your team lost! Put your big girl panties on and deal with it!
He agrees with them for the most part.  That's the bottom line.
Where did you get that idea , from pulling it out of your other hole , thats your ass if you don't know . BLM is just as guilty as the KKK


IT IS TIME FOR MR. TRUMP TO STEP ASIDE. HILLARY WON THE POPULAR VOTE AND IS PRACTISED IN LEADING PEOPLE. MR. TRUMP IS A GOOD ACCOUNTANT.
Freedom of speech?  No instigators were there? I bet some of the leftist protestors were paid to be there. It was a DNC setup congrats
Why are you lying? What are you afraid of ? #PizzaGate #PedoGate #pedophilia ??  @V_of_Europe http://710wor.iheart.com/featured/mark-simone/content/2017-08-14-watch-the-media-lie-about-donald-trump-and-david-duke-and-the-kkk/#ixzz4pmgNSLu9 … US Media lies #Europe
@SenateDems. Why are you all so surprised?
Part of it is that we are all numb to Trump's crap ...
Not one democrat has shown discourse towards this. Support of anarchy?
For the love of this country please get rid of this guy
blah  blah  blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah   fake news  fake news  fake news   bitches
@nytimes I were elected to be the voice of ALL your constituents!  Not just your own voice and only those who agree with you!
You must have the Rocky statue in Philly taken down. He beat up two black men and a communist, he is a nazi white supremacist. It must go!!
Did you denounce both groups too? Did you ever denounce BLM calling for killing police?
You are one useless senator. All you do is gripe about others. Your personal war with Trump is costing us money. Grow up!!!
And what good will that do?
Not just his statements but Trump himself must be met with condemnation. What he did is 100% unacceptable. He needs to be impeached ASAP.
@nytimes SHUT UP
why don't you listen to what is being said instead of trying to ruin the President
Hey Richie, what do Dem's plan to do with the prior history of their beloved Senator Robert Byrd? Just asking HYPOCRITE'S!
Hillary  PRAISES KKK Sen Robert Byrd (D)  "He's My MENTOR ~  WILL YOU DENOUNCE @HillaryClinton 
Maybe, you should have your staff review all the video on-line youd be amazed at all the cameras of  what occurred and no Cville police

The fact he did condemn the supremacists, proves this political attack to smear everyone one the right won't work. Still haven't learned.
I saw your comments on the news today Mr. Blumenthal. Nice people also don't lie about their service and lie to citizens...
This from a Vietnam war hero like you! Why don't you share some war stories with us, you lying SOB.
How about shameful comments made by fake Vietnam veterans who brag about their service.
Please help us. Talk to the moderate Republicans and get 45 and his racist admin out of DC
Did you speak up as forcefully abt people advocating killing of cops or were you in Vietnam? If so,please send link.
What are you going to do about it?
 Thank you for speaking out against the President. It is now time for action. We do not have a leader, so please, remove the title. 
45  is racist Every senator. member of congress MUST see to it he is  removed from office You can not spin or defend this.  remember WWII
Stop telling other how to be! You're not better than anyone else!
@TheDemocrats you do the same thing. Your afraid to speak out against #IllegalImmigration so you don't offend your voter base. U give R 
He is the shame of our country.
what idiots I heard him loud & clear but again you hear what you want lets see if you hear the people after you lose reelection
Yes it should. He's not my Pres he's fake one anyways. What are they waiting for to impeach or jail for this monster?
Still murdering people in Chicago and Baltimore today   Trump did it
Blumenthal, President Trump told the TRUTH! You radicals have a real problem with the truth don't you?
Sharon Langford
All you are doing is hijacking someone else's cause for Political gain... you couldn't give a shit about Racism
@SenateDems @nytimes No more talk, get the Nazis out of our @WhiteHouse
What about your statements your a fraud !!!!
STOP WITH SOCIAL MEDIA, go back to DC n formulate a DNC UNIFIED OPPOSITION TO TRAITOR TRUMP.
I stand beside you Mr. Blumenthal.
There are no more chances for trump. He is a disgrace and cannot redeem himself. Article 25 now!
It is time sir.  The house/senate must impeach this man.  Please tell Mueller to hurry up since i guess we can't impeach on stupidity
So,what are you going to do about it?
Did you not listen to him? Or are you blind? Nothing @realDonaldTrump does will ever be good enough for Dems. But he IS MY PRESIDENT! #MAGA
Coming from someone who embellished their military service means little
Thank you
trump was always a thieving deplorable citizen. Now ts the worlds new Hitler teaming with the GOP & Putin. Use Emoluments 2get t out ASAP
Rich, where have you been? Guess you're on the outrage bandwagon now. Should score you some votes!


- Where is yupir head Richard? Up somewhere that effects your hearing??
when will #SenateDems denounce #racist #Democrats who destroyed #AfricanAmerican families to enslave their VOTES ?
The march towards the sterilization of our cultures by the left wanting total domination for it's "pure" ideology to take root.
will #RichardBlumenthal denounce #racist #Democrats who destroyed #AfricanAmerican families to control their VOTES ?

We haven't forgotten your sins. So don't try it. I think the Gates will be closed when you arrive.
so you're ok with the alt-left?
You're a liar!  Blumenthal
So you, being a liar of course, support domestic terror groups like BLM and antifa? crickets! You're an ignorant hypocrite!
I'd sooner condem you sir, for trying to incite when Unity is required.
Don't just condemn him impeach him
Senator,he is busy trying to keep his deferments from getting more exposure as well as losing the remainder of his mind! Thanks...from a Vet
The KKK is disgusting & scary but these twitter comments are disgusting & scary BTW: CT has a $5.4 BILLION deficit!
Anything short of demanding Trump's resignation is not enough.
What about stomping your feet and holding your breath?  Have you tried that?
#censuretrump
No biz as usual. Call 25 on #TrumpNazi #Charlotteville .@SenSchumer @BarackObama @GOP
I've seen this show before didn't have a happy ending.  All talk blah blah blah .  Trump supporters and WH continue to be enablers
#wethepeople know where the hate started @DNC @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems founded the KKK #WeThePeople know history
Thanks for all your efforts
History will call you one of the Heroes
Senator, it is time to get rid of this Pres before he destroys the entire country.
Trump is a bad person above all else. It's as simple as that.
Grow some balls and begin impeachment proceedings. Or invoke the 25th amendment. Otherwise it's just verbal masturbation. Again.
Call for impeachment!
He needs to leave the WH.
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
You want to ignore the facts for your own political purposes.  You are the one to be condemned.
Beautiful sentence
#Stopthedrama
You are a Liar!!!!  Trump CONDEMNED the White Supremacists over and over yesterday and for the past 17 YEARS!!  You are an EVIL LIAR!!
MrTrumps statements on any subject are shameful. Woefully inept man for POTUS. Background: scheister real estate, not businessman!
silence is good sometimes, like instead of claiming to be a war vet and telling made up stories... be silent.
Blumenthal is a veteran.
that he is, I meant Vietnam vet or war vet.
No excuse for lying about military service Blumenthal
Talk is cheap. You must refuse to cooperate on anything with this abomination of a President.
Remember Benghazi, it's normal for protesters to be armed at a rally and a white person is killed during the protest is okay. Remember that
He blasted violence on ALL SIDES MANY TIMES!  Your bigoted attitudes toward @POTUS = clear. Where were you when @POTUS44 brought #BSL to WH?
BTW given all your town meeting in CT why don't you ever bring up the current fiscal crisis here? Isn't it more important than glad handing?
When are U going to talk about the real issues! An illegal immigrant raped a 7 year old Thousands of times and not one word from you or CNN!
Impeach
More partisan anti-Trump bloviating; getting very old and does not mask the fact you are an extremely ineffective senator
Stop with the lies Senator. You're letting the hatred you have for @POTUS spread more fear, hatred and intolerance in America
Senator Blumenthal condons ANTIFA that wants to destroy freedom of speech in AMerica
Will you support a resolution of censure against him?
When are going to do something to help this State! Help the poor! Repeal Obamacare! An illegal immigrant raped a girl in Utah thousand times

Senator Blumenthal condons ANTIFA that wants to destroy freedom of speech in AMerica
Trump thinks those dressed in white polo shirts & khakis are left; they're extremists. Leader & his guns. Pls share. http://youtube.com/watch?v=P54sP0Nlngg …
He needs to go. He doesn't belong in that office.
Many said that last  term
and violence should be what all of us condemn. GOOD JOB Mr. President , shame on the black supremists( left). 2 wrongs do not make a RIGHT
45th clearly stated the circumstances... freedom of speech, opposition combined with criminals being criminals caused the situation :(
He dimmed all violence, hate groups, and forms of Supremacy. They could have just removed it quietly. You're better than that Mr Senator
All cCongresspersons, current & former WH Cabinet members should be required to donate all book profits to federal social service systems.
Whenever you all denounce black lives matter
He did say on Monday he condemned white supremacy,kkk! How many times do you need to here this! When did Obama condemn BLM ! Stop your CRAP!
feces filled balloons at home and maybe the white supremists would have not had to use the weapon that had available .  Acts of aggression
he should condemn both sides cuz if the left would have followed the rules, of peaceful protesting they would have left the bats and urine /
They also refused to comment on this https://youtu.be/p80oTlbPZBY 
I just called your office - they refused to denounce this
Did this come out of Blumenthals office???
Finally - Blumenthal's office says Blumenthal denounces all violence and specifically stated that he would disagree with ANTIFA violence
Censure him!
There is no excuse for Congress to not #ImpeachTrumpNow
I hate racists groups. I also hate #StolenValor     You are a despicable liar. No right to be a US Senator.
THEN IMPEACH HIM NOW
If Trump stays in office, we will be embroiled in a Civil War II. For our nations sake, remove Trump immediately.  His hate is festering
The presidential oath of office does not state he will protect us from all enemies- foreign & domestic, but ALL uniformed officers oaths do.
Deficient historical awareness with deficits shows Trump with his attitude
Possibly heading for Nazi USA.
Stop using a death to posture politic views
So, what's your next move. I'm from CT. I am one of your supporters. I want to know what you/we can do next.
Yes, Sen Blumenthal,what do we do this weekend about the alt rt protests that are scheduled? Protest?
