Trump's #DACA order betrays American values and promises to DREAMers. The bipartisan DREAM Act is now urgently necessary.
I believe my President is doing a great job. Let him work fight for American people please do that. SEMPER FI(ALWAYS FAITHFUL)
Wow
what about the damage done to US citizens ????
You should be happy that @POTUS stopped the #TrumpTrain to pick up this can that has been kicked for too long and make congress deal with it
Homeless in San Diego are using the street as a bathroom, now we have a hepatitis outbreak, maybe we should dream of helping them instead
https://twitter.com/GMax35me/status/904509357370560512 …
#Hysterica #EndPropagandaNow! You advocate For #DACA which is Unconstitutional! Please Learn The Laws!
DT is going to destroy DREAMers lives because @realDonaldTrump is jealous of President Obama, is likely illegitimate & lost the popular vote
You need to read and understand the constitution,President Trump won the electoral vote, that is all that matters!
Well!!  We should do away with the electoral voting system . It's out of date .
Democrats would oppose doing away with the electoral college!
For we are Catholic and we are all fucked up so for those of you wondering what's going to go to Twitter look up crazy angel there was two
Not really he is just pushing it back on Congress where it should have originated in the first place..not by executive overreach like Obama
#DACA is cruel and irrational. It does irreparable harm to Americans for the benefit of ILLEGAL aliens We will fight you back. #AmericaFirst
This is NOT what America is about. It's criminal. #DACAWorks  #SaveDACA
Thats your opinion! Law says they are illigal and the majority writes the law threw votes! Go to mexico and have your opinion there!
so only mexicans are immigrants now?
Hell no who said that...here in California we've been in invaded by middle easterners here on expired Visas!mex 1 of many problem s
What is the problem with Mexicans? Hardworking people,most law abiding,tax payers. Afraid of competing with them?
When they work for a quarter on the dollar im afraid for my people! Personally im great
really? most of them pay taxes and still get paid less than you? and they provide you all your food? you wanna go and work the farms hun?
American's need those farm jobs! They are ours ! We can use them for our unemployed
Congress makes the laws.  Don't blame this on the Executive Branch.  Go do your job!
Why? Because #DACA is PC now? Do your job and fix Obamacare and reform taxes that will benefit everyone
Dear Richard Blumenthal , question - you going to start by calling U.S. " U.S. " instead its manifest destiny slave name , " America " ?
Why were promises made to people who are here illegally to begin with? Blame their parents.
As always - governing by emotion.  See where it has gotten you?  Back to the wilderness for deep personal reflection. #ctpolitics
Thank you. So will I.
Why? Not arguing that helping people is bad. But as a policy how is letting 1M unskilled into US good?
How was Vietnam  glad to see you survived
President Trump is looking out for those of us who are being impacted by those who are illegal and bringing their children into our country.
Mr Trump you can't have it both ways. Kiss kids in Houston who survived the flood and then kick kids out of the country who grew up here.
Trump put #DACA in the hands of Congress where it belongs
Impeach!!
Good for you!!! The dreamers need you
Cruel and irrational are two of the words one could use to describe trump's administration
Texas has over 120K dreamers. Trump undoubtedly saw them in Houston. "Such great people" he said. "Lets deport the brown ones" he meant.
I see a picture of a dog only a dog could be that stupid
Checked your timeline and found you and I have beliefs in common. Trump is not one of them. Deep down you know he's a bad guy, bad 4 the US
You say he is a bad guy and make all kinds of other accusations but you can't prove any of them because you don't like your president ...
As a fellow contractor I'm sure you have been cheated by customers. Remember that feeling? That is Trump in a nutshell. 
US has been conned
Also I would appreciate it from a democrats point of view what is wrong with balancing trade agreements with other countries
He doesn't have our interests in mind. Everything he wants to do seems to benefit him personally, while hurting the little guy. Doesn't care
I've voted Dem & Rep in the past, wouldn't matter what party Trump is, wouldn't get my vote
You could have fought for the law years ago.  Considering Obama's Exec Order was illegal, Trump is being kind with the delay.
Wrong, Dick. It's unconstitutional and you know it.
Thank You @POTUS For Upholding Our Constitutional Laws !!!
DACA is unconstitutional, President Trump is right. You do nothing politicians have to get your act together!
It may be unconstitutional , but it's an America with heart .
It is a noble thought, but it is against the law to enter US borders illegally!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump - The fake president is nothing more than cruel & irrational. He is no more substantive than that. #1 threat to US!
Wow, how creative. You can put words with letters. Soon you'll be constructing sentences. Next level, managing facts! You can do it!!!
It's discrimatory. It's doesn't help Americans of all races and ethnics! Americans first! DACA funds drugs dealers dreams!
He's just doing all this to b spitful of barrack. He's a racist and has a hard on cause a blackman did all these great things.
Thank you, Senator!
Dreamers are a PC term for children of ILLEGALS. Shouldn't be rewarded for parents' crimes. But they vote Dem right? We see right thru you.
#STOPTHEBS
#ENDDACA
Almost 70% of those using DACA are over the age 22.
80% of them are Mexican nationals.
DAPA was ruled unconstitutional, so too is DACA
What worries me is liberal Dems like u along with celebrities, MSM r going 2 start a civil war cause u have turned against Americans!
how about fight for CT and Americans first?
You are in Congress what are u going to do about it ????
Perhaps you might put in a good word for the legal, tax paying people of CT...remember us? We're your constituents.
The "Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals" costs Taxpayers $12,000 per child! 700,000 kids = $8,400,000,000 ~enough to build a wall? #MAGA
Scrubbing anything and everything to harm. He is not my president. Not a President at all. God of all faiths help us
Please, do, these are human not things. We do not own God's creation, we are caretakers, we must also remember, we all are travelers.
Thank You Mr. Blumenthal.
To babe the dems spent all of our money for the program...
The pride of Connecticut
Many of us outside of Fairfield County struggle paying our own way,especially in Liberal Controlled CT.  Wish you cared as much about us.
Ending DACA is Trumps most inhuman betrayal yet. Trump is a barbarian.
Trump hates Obama and will undue anything legislation he has put into place. This is no surprise.
What about American kids that need to go to college and get jobs???? #americafirst
Talk, talk, talk! #WhatAreYouGoingToDoAboutIt
Make it first item after recess
Thank you, sir.
All these #DACA discussions from Trump make me gasp in how beautifully he is pulling scapegoating off. Oldest trick in the book.
Fight for the dreams of the people who elected you first and worry about the illegals last
https://youtu.be/CfoV9nHJgA0 
Why didn't you turn Obama's executive order into Legislation already then...?
Then do your job and legislate a long term solution rather than relying on executive orders to to the work of the Congress
Why don't we Dream about bettering our country rather than continually breaking her down?
Thank You
Cruel&irrational is Congress not doing it's http://job.You  swore to uphold Constitution. Do ur job,pass legislation.
Senator go pound sand. Legal immigration only. Stop encouraging people to live here illegally
@SenBlumenthal Remember that whole "“We have learned something important since the days that I served in Vietnam,” thing? THAT was a DREAM!
Glad to hear that Senator.
Try fighting for citizens and legal immigrants.  Not illegals.
Or because it was an unconstitutional act by Obama.
Thank you so much for all you can do for the dreamers. I see you on MSNBC you always make sense ...WILL YOU PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT IN 2020
No he is fixing an illegal act by the Obama administration. You want DACA? Pass it by act of congress, not executive order.
Hope you fight as hard as you did in Vietnam.. #stolenvalor
With CT money u have been doing it for too long!! Use your own money!!
Sir

Look at that expression . Does that speak volumes .
And that pic was taken yesterday at church service.
No where on earth does a country put illegals ahead of their own people especially their soldiers only the US does that thanks to the Dems
Thank you Senator Blumenthal!
As long as you fight as hard as you did in the jungles of Vietnam, we can rest assured these illegals will be boarded & bussed South,pronto.
Thank you Sir.
#DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers
The ONLY way, when RUMPS WH is cleared out-do that!
Senator, You just don't care about the legal tax-paying citizens of CT. The middle-class is being fleeced.
He is giving the congress time to do their Job? How did you ever get elected? Your clueless as is you progressive liberal socialist party
https://youtu.be/T7LGoHV3aKs 
@BarackObama had this to say, support DACA if you wish. don't fuel the fire by using Trump's name and creating hate
Maybe you should stick up for your voters instead!  What is more important, DACA or bringing jobs back to CT?

More than 97 % are in school, 5 % started their own business, 65 % have purchased a vehicle, and 16 % have purchased their first home.
@GOP @seanhannity @DNC @POTUS Blumenthal,you are fighting for an unconstitutional act. Are you against the constitution? For congress to act
I wonder how many will be involuntarily recruited into the cartels.
What's that got to with anything?
He gave congress 6 months to do it legally & right so quit lying.
Cruel? How many homeless veterans do we have? I'd say it's more cruel to give illegals funds over people who actually served our country.
Why don't you fight for actual American citizens for once? You know, the ones you defended in Vietnam.
Another Denator who should have done his job. Back to work.
Fight mean and dirty like the @gop.
Thank you!
He lacks any idea of what it takes to earn anything, no heart. He has no clue how hard our Mexican citizens work or the pain it will cause.
Their illegals, How many are still waiting for citizenship that applied leagaly? Is it all about registering Dem voters? #MondayMotivaton
Thank you
Also legal,DACA is not law!you should know that!
CRUEL INACTION? Obamas Unconstitutional & Illegal DACA Exec Order should not have been  implemented! Congress Criticizes-Never Legislates!
Thank you!
It takes only a shred of decency to see that the ending of DACA is cruel and unusual punishment
Thank you, Senator!
Congress should come together and shove legislation up his ass.
Stay off Twitter and start writing a bill you have 6 month to pass it. TICK TOCK
Is unconstitutional
Harm Americans?  I think not!
I will to.
As week speak this country is being prepared to be demolished,by the elite pedophile bosses you work for.and your talking about immigration
Y is this madman still being allowed to make major decisions for our country? 
So you will fight for the rule of law to be ignored?
You have to win that fight, please.
What will it take for you to call for impeachment? Asking for a friend
And again you ignore the problem.
Thank you!
Can't wait to vote against you #ENDDACA #nosanctuarycities
Sir, with all due respect, you need to work to change the LAW!!  wake up and do your job!
For your info : I think you can't change a law in the constitution . You can write an amendment . Am I correct about this .
Dems must take every advantage of upcoming MUST PASS legislation to protect the citizens from Trump & GOP's extremist agenda. #TheResistance
Keep fighting for illegals and Americans will not vote for you.
The governments RICO enterprises r cruel & have done irreparable damage 4 decades end them
Could you be quiet and pay attention to the AMERICANS in need in TEXAS..all you care about are people who are NOT Americans!
You are pathetic!!! Stand up for Americans!! #EndDACAnow
Where the Mexican President WE NEVER HEAR HIM/ THEM SPEAK about THE good people OF Mexico. Mexican president does NOTHING FOR. Anyone?????
Or...just following the law
Senator you have to change the law.  It's not up to trump it is up to congress to change the law.  This is your sin not his,
Thank you Senator Blumenthal. This is a cruel diabolical move.  Congress has to over rule.
Also condemn the 10 States threatening to file suit by Sept 5 to overturn DACA... More than moment of Trump cruelty... GOP owns this
Typical liberal putting everyone before American citizens & legal residents. Tell us, Senator, when will you put Americans first?

Stop melting
We'll be watching you fight!
REPUBLICANS WILL NOT HELP THEY ARE IN ON THIS WITH HIM, EVERY ONE OF THEM! THIS IS A #NAZIKOCHBROSTRUMPGOPCOUP
No, what is cruel and irrational is leaving #DACA program to whim of exec in oval when congress can pass immigration reform and codify it.
Are you not watching? The executive action was may b/c the republican congress wouldn't bring it to a vote. Nothing has changed.
No congress, rep or dem, has passed any meaningful immigration reforms in decades. They need to do the job they were elected to do.
Yea, good idea RB
Hahahaha what a lying tool you are. DACA is illegal
We will fight too! The PEOPLE!!! DONATE to support those without a voice 

http://bit.ly/DACAWORKS 
Will you keep "fighting" for the people who came here LEGALLY?  They have #DREAMS too, but they're being pushed aside for YOUR #Dreamers.
Lady we don't pick the laws we follow, they are NOT a buffet.
Thank you for your patriotism. I'm confident that #DACAWillOutlastTrump
.@AGDougPeterson stand w/ the ~3000 #Dreamers who make NE strong. Drop the lawsuit like TN, #DefendDACA
It is you Mr. Honorable Dicky who IS doing irreparable harm to our Country Sir!
I suggest we deport you to.

I'm a DACA supporters
These Children worked in Coal Mines
So their children could have a better future
Now U want to give that future to someone elses children?
Forcing Congress to fix -- make it the law but be smart about it!
Why don't you fight for the law?
Ehem that's what happens when you got a president that has a brain smaller then ants brain . An entire country has to deal with his krap
You meant to say "Trump is going to enforce the laws of the United States of America"
And we will support your position. Thank you for representing the willmof your constituents!
They are need to go home. And come in the USA the right way
Hello!!! They were brought hear as children by their family . Why should they be punished . They may be punished by Mexican authorities .
These people need your help they are #Homeless 
Their only failure is that they are US citizens
Wheres your compassion, Sir?
I hate to say this but time to fight dirty no help for huston without permant DACA!
Heres a US Citizen. She is #Homeless 
She lives behind a dumpster.  Why have you forgotten citizens in need?
so what your here illegally you go i as american woman can go to jail for braking the law they can be deported for braking the law
They aren't breaking the law, though
Besides, Trumps ICEshirts are deporting law abiding people
That "bad hombre" stuff was schtick
Call Senate back early and make it the first priority. Get to work. When was the last time that you submitt an Immigration Reform bill?
Please introduce bipartisan legislation to keep DACA
If there was a way for us to help you fight we would
"irreparable harm" - PRETTY SURE getting rid of criminals doesn't do irreparable harm
#AmericansFirst .. IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT QUIT, Either Way You Won't Be Re-Elected #SwampCreature
Give it up.
What about legal us citizens? What about CT my state you creep?
Why not fight for the millions of citizens who have been denied their dreams so you could give it to non-citizens that broke the law?

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cannabis-grower-buys-california-town-120000752.html …
Cannabis Grower Buys California Town to Build Pot-Friendly Outpost  (OTC:ERBB)
POTUS enforcing current immigration law is not cruel or irrational. It's his job.  Congress writes n passes laws, not the president
Trump just a) destroyed families, b) created a generation of kids who will never trust again, c)created a gen of kids who will hate US 4ever
Do something democrats don't know anything about obeying the laws.
Senator you claim to be a lawyer. Is it not a crime to claim you did something in the military that you didn't. Stolen valor resign
Thank you!
The average #DACA member is 26. I thought it was supposed to be for the children. Govmnt waste and mis spending.
The majority DACA members came as 6 yr olds.  Pay attention PEA BRAIN
Thank you. This is the only country they know and have grown up in. Draft legislation so they can become American citizens.
Senator you took a oath that calls for obeying the laws. Americans support legal immigration. Respect our laws. Stolen valor
