Follow it where? Where's the evidence? Get off my president's back or ALL his supporters are coming to Washington! Keep it up, coward.
The Clinton Foundation is a huge bribe warehouse that we don't have to investigate. Public record facts are enough to convict.
#LockThemUp
Prove you wrong about what? You haven't cited a thing.
-Hillary had an unsecured server.
-Secret info on that server.
"Prosecution Rests"
No legal defense;
Russia Collusion is to divert from this
Entire Russia Collusion #FakeNews is to cover up the fact Hillary has an open & shut case of Espionage, and Obama also is guilty of treason.
Trump=Russia=treason
Shh you think trump is having a meltdown?
Yes  right into the Clintons pockets
How about Mueller investigate who killed Seth Rich? Or DWS and the Awan brothers or how the DNC cheated Bernie Sanders and his voters.
Or how Trump lied about Trump Tower Moscow or about writing his son's statement or about why he fired Comey or why he kept Flynn

What about the  $ Russia paid HILLARY for the uranium they now buy from US thanks Hillary. She's a Great democrat like u. Please resign
We are learning about the Obama admin interference election and possibly yours
shhhh .... might come back to YOU ... We hear your having honesty issues ...
You never followed the money when We The Ppl demanded an honest investigation into HRC/Obama. Traitor.
GOP Congress investigated Clinton for 4 years... annnddd found nothing!
1) Destroying subpoenaed evidence is illegal and evidence in itself. 2) Documents Comey said did not exist were just found!

Democrats intentionally used disinformation from Russia to attack Trump, campaign aides.  https://cards.twitter.com/cards/8q9jm/4jxkb …
Fake news
Like this better? 
How can anyone argue that Hillary shouldn't be in jail after watching this? This is also just 1 of her MANY proven crimes. #LockHerUp! 
And that's Cspan.  So if all things said on cspan are facts then all democrats statements are facts too?
Get news frm multiple sources, not SOROS owned MSM.               https://twitter.com/juliannassange/status/893495576917983235 …
Just been reading your sources... but haven't gotten any news yet. Still waiting.
What r u looking 4? I have lots of news, lol. What subject in particular r u looking 4?
After looking at your other posts... I saw no news actually presented. Just propaganda.
Yes,  the trail is long and paved w/gold, but we must not be mislead.
JACKASS
I know you're talking about the Clintons!
"IF your mueller" DID "follow the $$"-he'd find the democrat party-clintons-& obama--you Buffoon!! We KNOW abt your "LIES!!"
No, Mueller must leave. His team is legally conflicted in 6+ ways

https://webbrain.com/brainpage/brain/994E0B54-492C-E0EE-1562-4E9F9884D768;jsessionid=711F21FC29CE3419184830AB2B6A71ED#-1889 …
And it will lead to Hillary...and if they don't do something about that we know where their bread is buttered
He must follow it right to the Clintons!
I seem to remember reports of Obama regime interfering in Israel elections and attempts made to influence Brexit .BOTH democracies. Comment?
Blumenthal you are a liar & Traitor. Hillary was ordered to turn over server She bleached it then smashed phones. She's the CRIMINAL!!!!!!!!
what about clinton pay days from forien sources , where the investagation ? follow the money .
Follow the money w/Mueller's involvement on the sample of US Uranium he took to Russia for Hillary.
You have zero integrity and Obama's dirty underwear in your pillowcase
Mueller must go. This isn't an "independent" investigation. It is what Trump says it is, and everyone knows it. It's a "witch hunt."
In your back pocket??
What are you going to do when the money trail leads to the Clintons?
You are so FAKE
Russia, Russia, Russia. Nothing there. With limitless investigation Mueller should investigate if Pres Trump has unpaid parking tickets.
There needs to be an investigation into all you democrats how do you come into office with no money and end up rich #theft
MUELLA AND THE URANIUM RUSSIA DEAL  IS TREASON. THEY SAY THE DEEP STATE IS THE JEW CRIME STATE.WHITES WANT POSSE COMITATUS
I believe many comments on here are Russian bots...that, or America has a much bigger problem with nutters than anyone thought!
Connecticut is proud of you!
Your party is circling the drain. Please keep screaming "Russia!!!". It seems to be speeding up the flush.
When anyone talks Russian connection with campaign finances, @realDonaldTrump goes tweet crazy. Must be close to a nerve. Follow the money.
The money leads to congressional republicans.
Right, Mueller needs to follow the money in the Uranium One Deal right to the Clinton Foundation!
Yes Mueller must follow the money linked to the Clinton & Podesta ties to dodgy Russian connections- you are a DISGRACE! to your Country!
Yep, the money went to the Clinton Foundation
The Russian money went to the Clinton foundation
PutinTeam try to infect global democracies with virus of greed &corruption in high govt officials. They MUST be stopped ASAP.
Watch this "Propaganda 101"!!!  Here comes "Super Drumpf"! Ugh
I believe you!  So does General SM Shtemenko ! It's more than Deja Vu!  We are repeating history!
Remember remember the 8th of November.
Soviet Union spent $1 Billion on anti-war movement & USA Communist Party during 1960s-80s. So Dems got a lot of Soviet money. Support @POTUS
How much did you get for the Uranium deal with Russia?
Something to hide senator?
If he followed the money he would find it in your pocket Im sure.
Follow the money.
Why don't you and all your cronies along w/ Mueller follow the money that leads to @HillaryClinton @BarackObama @SenJohnMcCain @DWStweets
You mention "financial payouts." Were you referring to dealings exposed in #PanamaPapers?  Right? http://freebeacon.com/issues/panama-papers-implicate-podesta-client/ … @FreeBeacon @AP
How about your buddies using Suros' & Alinsky's playbook?? That's what you're doing. You know very well what's going on, but gaslight AmCitz
Hope they check your bank account
The only thing following you is your stench
I'm worried about the sinclair Broadcasting deal! National Trump propaganda TV ... straight out of the dictators playbook 

And this.
Then he'd better follow John Podesta and the money he may have received from Russia when he worked on Hillary's campaign.
Advice: distance yourself from @MaxineWaters narrative.  She's going to crash and burn...and take a lot of people with her.
It's a no brainer.  DT & his family are criminals in the minds of good people & only the results of this investigation will prove otherwise.
May be most ignorant tweet I have read all day.
Sir, just to reaffirm, we love you, he's a pond sucking monster.  Terri, from Cali.
Follow it right to Clintons
You can't tell Mueller what to do.
Now we know why Old Trumpy is mad at you. I'd say he's "running scared" but he has a "bone spur" and can't run. 
Then my advice is to get off the Trump nothingburger and get on Hillary/Russia and Podesta/Russia. And you can add Ukraine in there too.
it all leads to the Clinton Foundation
I keep saying they need the guy who followed & revealed Bernie Madoff's crimes!  Guy is a genius!
Why does an admitted liar like you who look and sound like a wimpy snake think that you deserve to be a Senator?  RESIGN NOW SEN BLUMENTHAL
#SewerSenator, #DishonorableMarine #StolenValor Blumie-Hipocrite
Mueller is nothing but Serial Killery's bitch. He's got his hands in her pockets, & is brain-dead when it comes to ethics! He has none!
We don't care for this Russians fiasco. Move on dude or relocate to Brazil or Venezuela where politicians are like you 
You are absolutely right, let's see these tax returns!
where's the proof?  10+months and nothing, you are just wasting our money and doing nothing!
@BobSMueller   Please help us!
I think Mueller should also figure out who Trump is trying to pay off by getting Obamacare repealed.
Anyone who thinks Trump would put that much work into repealing Obamacare just to help the American people, is a fool.
#followthemoney  #followtheRussianmoney  #followtheRussianGOPmoney #followtrumpRussianmoney #followthetrumpfamilymoney biggly !#Lockthemup !
We can't just depend on Mueller. Why are Democrats so afraid to use direct words.
We don't live in a Democracy We DO live in a Constitutional Republic
YOU'RE A FRAUD A  BIG STORY TELLER BUM SHAME ON YOU BUM WANTS TO TAKE THE HEAT OFF HIMSELF FOR TELLING LIES
Ohhh. Your the swamp and part of the witch hunt?? We're sick of yiur kind! Yiu should of left our president alone!!
Totally agree. It will lead to all the corruptions that they have done, not just one.
And there are sooo many money trails to follow. #MuellerIsComing #MuellerDay
Why are you not following the Clinton Foundation Monies. Why didn't you follow the money that Obama gave to Iran?
Likely laundered through one of his properties.  I am sure it'll be found there.
Yes he must...it leads right to the Clintons!
Hillary sold Uranium to the Russians,why wouldn't  she sell out Americans.Practice what you preach Sen Blumenthal, go get her!
I still worry that hat Mueller will screw this up.  I pray that he finds the truth.  It is out there.
I agree.  Follow the money.  Perhaps, just maybe, Special Counsel Mueller could #STARTHERE ==> #ClintonCash
If he does he will find the Clintons.
How much kick back are they paying you?
"democracies"? @AGLynch colluding with @billclinton on tarmac to support #senile #CrookedHillary @HillaryClinton is hardly a democracy
How about working to save my beloved CT! Your party is destroying her!
Hopefully the money trail will lead to Hillary.Seems she is allowed to get away with anything.Leave Trump alone to do his job.
Exxon..an many Americans in past have invested with Russians.....pay attention dick..you're still upset over DT election
This is more bull that he's made up like when he was a hero in Vietnam
20% Uranium sold to Russia, your thoughts?
He can follow it right to the Clinton Foundation and see the $145 million in there for our Uranium. #LIES #LOSERS #PHONY
@POTUS is just telling the TRUTH,  something you can't seem to do.
WE WILL RE ELECT OUR PRESIDENT IN 2020. HE IS A GREAT PRESIDENT.NOT A SCUMBAG LIKE YOU &THE OTHER SWAMPERS IN DC..
YOU ARE THE LIAR!!CAN JUST IMAGINE ALL OF YOUR DIRTY DEALS THAT TOOK MONEY FROM HONEST AMERICANS.U&THE OTHERS WILL B VOTED OUT.
He could start following it from Clintons Uranium One deal....that Mueller was a part of. Needs to recuse himself now
MUELLER WILL HAVE 2GET THROUGH MILLIONS &MILLIONS OF TRUMP SUPPORTERS TO RAILROAD OUR PRES..THAT WILL NEVER B TOLERATED.WE WILL DEFEND POTUS
http://amp.dailycaller.com/2010/10/05/richard-blumenthal-lied-and-it-should-matter/ …
Vietnam?? Uh, that would be No. But you are telling the truth now. So everyone should trust you and believe what you saying now. Got it.
& All roads lead tocrooked @HillaryClinton
Right to the Clintons
Hillary was paid with dirty mob money. She did the laundry five times an hour.
He will never follow the money because he will cover for #Hillary.  Following the money is not in his plan.
As you know Mueller should not be special counsel leader. Conflict of interest.  Sad but my previous party representatives do nothing 
The money trail leads right to @HillaryClinton and @johnpodesta
Follow the money? It will lead to @HillaryClinton #UraniumOne
Always worth fact-checking stories like #UraniumOne. Began w/ RU-funded Breitbart, then showed up in Trump tweets:
Yes he should. You're friend Hillary will get indicted if he does that.
If there is nothing there why is trump so upset? Because he is guilty.
Absolutely agree Mueller should follow where ever the evidence takes him money obstruction so on Trump is scared bully stop him
☭ Democrat Adam Schiff Had At Least $16,000 in Russian Investments in 2016...
THANK YOU! Keep fighting Sir. Our country needs your support.
Judging from who he has hired, he seems to be on it!
If he just followed lies, the trail would end at your senate office door
Question, didn't Russia only find that Hillary and the Dems rigged their election against Sanders?  where is the investigation on that?
Follow the DNC fraud lawsuit that addresses how the DNC cheated it's own party and will have to payback $millions$.
https://m.facebook.com/DNCfraudlawsuit/ …
Be careful what YOU wish for "Dick" ... or someone may "follow the money" surrounding YOUR CORRUPTION ...
Can the Russians take Hillary
Yes Mueller, follow the money and watch it lead straight back to the Clinton's, Obama, and Valerie Jarrett.
Mueller needs to get Lizzie Carlisle, Bill and Hillary on the stand... under oath (like that matters).
The money leads to the CLINTONS. Why are we not following the Clintons? Ask Comey, and Lizzie Carlisle (aka AG, Loretta Lynch).
Why aren't you investigating Ukraine's attempts to influence the election in favor of Hillary Clinton? DOUBLE STANDARDS.  HYPOCRITES.
Look at all comments replying to your tweet. When will you all stop the deflection ? Causing so many issues for country. #VotersWillRemember
Brietbart and Kremlin trolls are out in big numbers I see. Some seem just daft Trumpets though.
I say follows the Pedo's, wonder what door step it will go into? @SenBlumenthal
Protect and support Mueller!!!!
Excellent that's pure unvarnished truth
When are the dems gunna show some evidence of crimes being done??
Careful, your pockets are not as clean as you want others to belive.
Sec Commerce, Sec State, Sec Education, many of your @gop colleagues in the house. @SenMajLdr and many others all got paid by #Russia
When the Feds follow the money we know it always ends with the Clintons.....
I have to show this one To the President..it's Comical..Cause if Mueller followed the money Hillary ,Obama and other Dem's would be in Jail
If Mueller follows the Money Hillary would be in jail along with many other Democrats..so yeah we agree ,Follow the Money !Lock them up..
Please go on TV & keep bring attention to this. Please resist the bots & Trump's lies/attacks
You should be investigated- the way you lie I bet you have many skeletons in your closet
lol just happnes after @BarackObama  geting that JEW bank monny "speach" pff
@CanadianCrone where was the cia during russiagate?we need to understand why our foreign spy agency couldn't prevent.
Ask @SenateMajLdr #MitchMcConnell why he obstructed the publicizing of the information before the election.
Americans will "follow the money"...all roads lead to the hell people like YOU have created
Jeff Sassion testified, it's just like looking threw a looking Glass!
the money leads to the clinton foundation aka hillary's pocket book
If you're looking for Russian financial payouts, @ClintonFdn  would have been a great start... years ago!
You're not looking for the truth.
We know we will find Hillary's name all over it, wonder if we will find yours too, maybe it is time to start investigating you as well...
Time to get to work putting potus agendas thru. Stop deflecting & obstructing.
Our potus loves this country & would never sell it out. Mueller is conflicted. #WitchHunt
And hang the guilty high.
#Mueller must follow the money #SergentBlumenthal so make sure he does so! http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/07/18/hillary-clinton-sided-with-russia-on-sanctions-as-bill-made-500g-on-moscow-speech.html … … 
#Follow500G
Yep. To the DNC. Once he figure that out I suppose you will want to stop the Special Investigation. smdh.
I think when he is done following the money he will end up in the place you have your service awards.  Libtard-fantasyland!
Mueller should follow the campaign money you made on the lie that you served in Vietnam, you disgusting fraud.
I remember you and Brian Williams hanging out of the side of a helicopter shooting at the enemy!  Thanks for your service, stupid!
you know I am still waiting for somethinf so far he fired cking comey whichis legal, rented some apartments to russians, legall

Yup and how much you want to bet it leads right back to Democrats.
@HillaryClinton @billclinton #ClintonFoundation #UraniumOne
Follow the Money ? Yeahh follow the money.
Are you talking about Hillary and Bill? I think so.... You are a corrupt politician and a liar.....
Actually it's not bullying its the truth.  You aren't above the law either.  You should be charged with Stolen Valor!
Is it treason to make up stories to remove a democratically elected president?
What do Democrats know of democracy? We need a return to McCarthyism to flush out you Marxist pukes.
Get real. Yes, Hillary money...
Oh so this is why @realDonaldTrump has it out for you.  That guy sure hates the truth.
Right to the Clinton Foundation !
