Then tell me why Hillary and her legion of demons is not in jail

@GirlieGirlArmy u can still retry u effort
LOL the biggest bullies are DEMOCRATS!  You should be a comedian!
U spent yrs of engaging in stolen valor & now u cry bullying? Really? Let's see ur pink hat!

@POTUS Did you know?
Nice citing slate?  Haha joke like this so called @POTUS
Thank you for all you do.  He's nothing compared to you.
Hmm, so when are you, Mr. Blumenthal going to investigate the Clintons, Comey, Mueller, Lynch, Obama, you know the crooks in your party?
Namdick

Then even after substantial evidence did you not pursue charges against HC?...oh that's right she's a democrat
And yet here we are few days later and you are wrong!
Amen
Except the ILLEGAL aliens who you support. You are no better than the white supremacists. Supporting criminals, unbelievable!
Richard Blumenthal is a 'phony Vietnam con artist and he says no one is above the law hillarious
#HandsOffVenezuela
This is insanity! Why can't you run or my good friend Lynn Taborsak of Danbury? Hell I'd even take Oprah.
Neither are you and Hillary Clinton Mister Vietnam
mr.blumenthal your lies didn't work before and won't work now
evidently @HillaryClinton @AGLynch #SusanRice @EricHolder and #LoisLerner are
Richard blumenthal is a nazi

Go away Ricky, you have zero credibility.
I beg to differ, clearly the Clintons are above the law. I'm not a rocket scientist, however, clearly they're above the law
Tell that to the Clintons
Except crooked @HillaryClinton, Lerner, etc...
Lol lol lol
Need something a tad stronger, please.
How is it that someone can lie over and over again about serving in Vietnam and keep their job.TRUMP2020
#WallStreet all of those prosecutions.

We *say* no one is yet clearly...
Telling the truth about you isn't being a bully! & BTW - Truman 1945 & Clinton 1993 said harsher words about N. Korea - wake up you liar! 
You're wrong. No one except for Hillary and all of Obama appointees.
I will not vote for you ever again, for bullying OUR hardworking 45th president, YOU need to stop,.
Quit grandstanding for any Tv camera you can find.  Get something done for CT.
Must've used bribery to get away w/ many crimes before, but not gonna work now. I'm above the law as my wealth is being decent human being.
@deejay90192
How come he's the president?
I heard from a source Dick is going to have a sex change  @WhiteHouse
after he returns from Viet Nam
Blumenthal is a coward for not fighting just a sissy pussy
No one is above the law...tell that to Hillary and Debbie
Funny how you didn't speak up so blatantly when Hillary needed investigating. Or has her name changed to No One? #UpholdYourOath
If no one is above the law then why is Hillary Clinton still free? Trump is stupid and dropped the investigation. Fake Nam Vet.
Anyone who loves the USA is with you, @SenBlumenthal. @realDonaldTrump shirked his duty in Vietnam, and he's shirking it now. Fight on!
If no one is above the law, why are you harboring criminals who entered this country illegally. Entering without permission is a crime.
YOU ARE RIGHT, Blumenthal, unless you're Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama or Jewish.  THEN different rules apply
Telling the truth is not bullying!!! Sorry
A NY'er turned off by his constant media attention http://behavior.Now  he's Pres,antics are getting worse! Plz stop bullying&scaring us!
Except Hillary
https://youtu.be/C4FB1x0n-mQ  Donald Trump believes he is above the law and his friends , the Russian mafia are controlling him!!
As Shakespeare might say....."the lady doth protest too much"! #macbeth
#StolenValor You used a fake military war story to be come a senator you should be impeached.
Bullying is the only thing that Mr.Trump is teaching to our future generations. Please is time to act like an adult Mr. President
Why aren't you in jail for impersonating a war veteran and fake medals you FRAUD LMFAO@u
You disgust me and thousands of other Vietnam vets who served with honor. You and McCain are fake hero's with no integrity or honor.
We support you Senator. You are by far more distinguished than that cheeto that Chicken Don @realDonaldTrump !
Aren't you the guy who claimed fought in Vietnam.
and it was a  BS, SENATOR? 
@tre822 YOU'RE FIRED MR. TRUMP.
Mr. Vietnam
It seems Hillary and her cronies are.
lmfao

 trump is the biggest liar in american history and its well documented 

you failed
Shut up! Term limits please...
Mr Blumenthal, your stories about Vietnam weren't believed before, and they won't ever be. Man who live in glass house should not toss rock
What can you all do about his statements today!? Thanking Russia for expelling our diplomats MUST be the last straw!
Your lying goes a long way to making you look like a bad person. How can yo like yourself?
Except the Clinton's at al.

Just how long were you in Vietnam you lying SOB.
Just focus on OUR State. Stop taxing the working people!!
Richard, I am proud of your service to this country! At least you served! Unlike Donny Trump and his medical deferments!
Stop crying we know your a leaker
And to this day, I consider the Senator a good friend.
He served in the USMC Reserve during the Vietnam Era, while 45 was screwing everybody he could, male or female.
What's sad is you believe that.
Not bully. He was making the pt that U've been proven loose w/the truth, & yet we r supposed 2 believe u. That was a whopper of a lie sir.
Blumenthal you're a leaker and we know
-For once I agree with you! NO ONE IS ABOVE THE LAW! Prosecute Lynch, Rice, Farcus, Wasserman-Schultz, Hillary Clinton and Comey! DO IT NOW!
You need to worry about your state. People are leaving in record numbers. And just like the coward you are, you tweet without adding @POTUS
THEN START IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS!!! He’s already given you enough to remove under 25th!!!
Telling the truth is now Bullying?
You tell him!  You and my daughter's family are the best things in the state of CT
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends  LOL YA, REMEMBER SEN. BULLENTHAL PRACTICE WHAT YOU PREACH!
I envy you. In Russia, absolutely, not so.
I don't know who this Mr. President person is but I do think the Senator is very serious here.  
This President refuses to respect the fact that our democracy functions under three branches of government like it or not!
Except you, correct?  Fake Combat Veteran. Exempt from insider trading laws. Exempt from ACA. Etc. Etc.
Yoo hoo.
Keep it up #mypresident MAGA
Request your complete support for IMMEDIATE, full, open, & bi-partisan hearing into alleged Russian influences & urge subpoenas DT tax retns

Exactly #JUSTICE is for all .. Including #Trump
LOL why is this pinned? Your many lies just brought to the surface again, You should be ashamed of yourself. Meanwhile,failed us here in CT.
He needs to fire you
Oh yes he is .dont dislike him just get like him
Bam!
I wish his bullying didn't work. Sadly it does. It needs to STOP working tho, I'm with you there. 
Judging from the replies @SenBlumenthal you either screwed up your copy or you are extremely unpopular.
I expect you'll learn just how above the law your Democrats are eventually. Just remember one thing, you helped them. You're the reason.
In fact, even the bureaucrats that committed felonies for Hillary and Obama aren't held accountable. So yeah, Democrats are above the law.
Democrats are. Bill, Hillary, and Obama, none of them have been held accountable for their crimes or their bullying.
DEM's have a serious conflict on their Judiciary Commitee. Deputy GC Herwig worked for AG Lynch, now investigates her?#Recusal
Honorable Senator Blumenthal
We all know D Trump words are full of lies
He must be ignored. Do not elevate him to your status with an answer

Like Hillary Comey Lynch
I hope to god your not agreeing with the North Korean leader.

Mistake?
To bad that there is no criminal charges for stealing Valor.
You are not being bullied...
You are being exposed for who, and what you are.
God is watching us all,
That's right! No one is above the law! Except illegal immigrants in Chicago, and Hillary's IT consultant! Because they're the good guys 
Hang tough Senator - Stay focused and ignore the negative noise!!
Maybe spend less time on TV whining about Trump and more time actually doing something to improve failing CT? #unreal #typicalpolitician
I hope so............
Get on board with the President! We the people voted for him.
We the people are tried of you. Do your job or get out. Stop with the excuses for doing nothing
Unless your name in Clinton
Well, I sort of have been -being rich - I can generally buy my way out of trouble. Or threaten people w/ litigation to make them skedaddle.
He needs to be removed.  He is insane!

Stolen Valor idiot!!
You're a fake and a phony.  Hope you lose your seat next election time.
Lying sack of !
How bout we put you in cuffs then for robbing the people of connecticut for these ridiculous taxes?
So true. .it Amazes  me that Anybody would admit to voting for this  Nut. .
Er, excuse me?
For certain...the sooner he wisens up the better for all concerned.
Richard: you lied. Period.
Your who we dislike. We will drain the swamp and rid USA of types like you.Foreign and Domestic
About Mr Reina, from Ecuador. Over 3 million tourists visit that country every year. How could that country be "dangerous" ? Explain please.
No one is above the law? What about the ilegal immigrants? You seem to support them, and they are breaking the law.
HI Sen.  thx for standing strong. 
Can you please give your thoughts on this?
Being truthful is not bullying!
Tell that to the illegals that u like to protect.
And that coming from a liar like yourself.
You attack POTUS on Sunday shows then cry when he tells truth of your lies? Now like a typical Demoncrat you want to play the victim role.
potus is a man child more worried about what others r saying than doing his job, which should include uniting...
this country instead of playing to his base.  Always attacking people, can't let shit slide, thin skinned grifter.
Letting "Shit slide", like Obama? That's what has us in this position now.
Disarming America
Enabling our enemies
Infecting the country
u don't get it!  Obama is irrelevant!  Focus on the present and quit deflecting.
and Obama didn't spend his days tweeting stupid shit about every critic who came along.
Actually, it really has work. To my knowledge, Trump is never lied about his deferments. I think that's a valuable point being overlooked
Did you know sunlight kills bacteria?
Bullying does not show confidence but  low self-esteem.
Awe u poor little victim. U creatures are so entrenched in your falsehoods u have no clue as to the power of truth but ur about to find out.
Here Here!!!
Why aren't u laying into him for being a chicken hawk who was so scared to join the military he hid under his bed with 4 deferments duringVN

My bullying ALWAYS works. You should try it sometimes. You might actually WIN. #covfefe
@SenBlumenthal @ the Clintons have no shame!
Yes! #NotMyPresident
Whats with the baseless accusations? "No one is above the law." Obviously Hillary Clinton is above the law. 1rst clean up your corrupt party

trumps not obsessed with you.. hes just calling you out.. what  ?? you cant take the truth ??truth prevails..
and he cried like a baby..yep  trumps right..you lied about Vietnam and cried like a baby.. cant handle the truth blummy ? resign now
He believes he can discredit anyone he wants with his immature rantings!
