There's no excuse for Trump failing to support strong sanctions necessary against all Russian cyberattacks.
Can't wait to vote you out... tired of you spending so much time on your anti-trump rage. Get to work!! Start cooperating!!
Russia had zero impact on election Voters didn't want That corrupt lying cheating criminal Hillary in that is the only reason not Russia!
Russia is in the heart of all who voted for Trump.  Hillary was crooked.  Trump is the mob.  Trump voters are the haters of all
Stupid liberal comment!
Coming from a Putin-worshipping communist sympathizing, win even if it's treason, couldn't even beat Hillary without cheating maggot
Riddle me this Dicky. Why did Obama cover for Russia through the last 6 months of his administration?
Ask @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr they know why and they are complicit in treason!
Everything is Treason!  

You forgot the part about evidence my dear.

Now back to your alternate reality.
Collusion ny times
Collusion is just a buzz word for the lack of evidence and the NY Times has been a discredited only claiming anonymous sources for collusion
What source are you using to ascertain that? You are supporting Putin's puppet over our country
Why don't you say anything about OBAMA interfering with Israel'selections?Oh and there still is no proof Russia interfered and there is none
We know Russia did the question is did trump collude with Russia....
The question is why don't you care about Hillary collusion with Russia? You probably wouldn't have cared if she were 'god' forbid elected
Oh I do care about her collusion! She still should be arrested! She is a criminal!
This was meant for @liberalady48

I assume he has told his puppet master everything
What about the CLINTON's connections with Russia? Pedestals? U are a political hack & you should resign.
When are you going to start being a adult and doing the right thing vs pushing false may.
We are no longer a leader of democracy & free world. 45 is shined and out. They see through his lies and incompetence.  1/2 GOP loves Russia

Bend over Donnie...one more time!
Why was this meeting even allowed without nuetral supervision?
Where are GEN MATTIS & MACMASTER
McConnell Ryan Pence and his cabinet enable and promote him regardless of damage to the country
BRING THE MARINES HOMe to defend us.
This is what a true patriot looks like. Not a proven lier
will you give Hillary and Obama cover on Benghazi and giving away Uranium?  Do something positive for a change
It sure sounds like it! @realDonaldTrump doesn't realize he'll be part of a Putin replacement plan.
I'll take Putin who supports Christianity over Hillary who practices satanism any day of the week!
Already has. Wtf is the FBI ?
Working with Mueller
Why don't ask hillary about the uranium she sold 20/100 of our supply then got a kickback .bill 500 thousand and clinton foundation 2 mil
Character assassination tactics based upon unproven allegations from WP.
The Trump Oligarchy just does whatever the hell they want to do. This is a very disgustingly corrupt time in our country's history. Impeach!
Trumps a traitor
Why doesn't give Putin the nuclear codes and have it over with! Behavior raises suspicions more of collusion. Impeach!
They're best friends now.
I don't know dick what are you doing to help with the budget in ct stop with this and focus
@realDonaldTrump: Nobody puts Puty in the corner...
Putin has found a new Boris Yelsin to manipulate. This one is just as corrupt & incompetent. Good job, Donald!
Amazing how incredibly uninformed you are.

#Skolkovo
#RussiaReset
#DmitriMedvedev
Russian Trump collusion is a Zhoax. You are knowingly propagating lies. Shame on you..
Very fake news and a very foolish Statement
@nakashimae Senator can he really do should a thing? This is concerning!!!
Yes. Sad, and a threat to our democracy. We need Congressional leadership as a check on this POTUS as he uses  #PutinsPlaybook
Yes! Yes he will. He serves only for himself. Say this. Everyone needs to call it what it is.
Aside from empty talk, what will you do about it?
Yes Richard let's talk about the Russians http://www.investors.com/politics/commentary/check-it-out-the-new-york-times-just-exposed-the-hillary-clinton-russia-nexus/ …

pooty's GIANT orange booty.... TREASONOUS scum...

@SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi What will it take for some action?
Are you a spokeperson for CNN?
There was no collusion but maybe you can find out who killed seth rich?
Please work with duly elected prez 2pass better healthcare,foster econ environ for job creation&to eliminate nat dept so kids don't inherit.
Any member of Congress that supports working with Russian on cyber security should be suspected of working for Russia.
I truly believe he is working for the overthrow of our country.
When was the last time you said something positive or were productive to CT not just your special interest groups?
You really are not a good person. Your partisan behavior is shameful and the founding fathers roll over in their graves every time you speak
Well, we wouldn't be dealing with Russian hacking if Obama did his job! He did nothing! Trump will build alliances!
Why isn't the CIA in jail?  Why is Hillary not in jail?  Do you know what the CIA does, "Senator"???
Why are you still going on about Russia. Embarrassed to say you are my senator.
This just scares me more than I was before. Who's going to stop him??
Glad your article is from the Washington Post !  Never any bias there Senator.  You Embarass me!
Of course
He's handed over military secrets, the 2016 election, and potentially private voter information. We are beyond a constitutional crisis.
@SpeakerRyan What'll it take to wake up the @HouseGOP to hear our screaming voices about this profound crisis of our democracy! #TrumpRussia
Maybe after it's revealed the Speaker and his GOP cohorts accepted Russian $ for down-ballot races.
Ryan knew Republican political consulting firm was involved in funneling money from the Russians b4 FBI ceased their computers in the EDVA.
Socialist losers, the whole lot of you.
He is a traitor -wake up all
He already has!
Anything that gives Russia more control. Please Senator speed this up. Get him out as quickly as possible.
There is no excuse that Trump thinks We the People are this dumb!  Trump can't dumb down the smart people to justify his lies.
@realDonaldTrump plans 2 give  2 Russia because it helps his bottom line. @POTUS is incapable of ethical behavior &  putting  1st.
He already has.
What can the Senate do? I wouldn't count on Trump to do anything. You guys need to come up with a solution and FAST!!
you,congress  all  ready have.
Why wouldn't he? He's President bkz of Russia. He'll be up for re-election. He's being investigated for collusion w Russia. Dangerous now.
Somebody has got to stop this man! I don't understand why he is getting away with murder!!?? Is he untouchable? So,embody has got to care ?
No one even mentioned this abomination this morning on the 'shows'. It's a disgrace that they're doing this.
