Thank you Sir. America is proud that you and Rep. Cummings will put a stop to all this nonsense!!
You suck. Please retire and move to another country
My goodness, 1st time ever you wrote about nat'l debt. When Pres Obama increased debt from $10.6T to $19.9Trillion-u never cared. Why now?
Exactly!
You forgot Benefits Trump family bigly
You're wrong on all counts. Just playing politics aren't you?  You'd think a former atty gen could be trusted.
He lied about his military record so why shouldn't he like about everything else?
They insult the american people with something as complex as a tax plan on 1 sheet this aint that simple!
When does the investigation into you lieing about your military service? A senator stealing valor...smh
All due respect Senator you are full of yourself. Do the country a favor and get out of the way.
Thank you Senator. We need you to keep fighting for us!
Yeh like he fought for us in Vietnam-he's a joke embarrassing
If only the Senator would focus on Connecticut's debt instead of playing partisan politics in DC maybe CT wouldn't be in the shape it's in.
Your president already doubled down. I'm middle class and it goes down. Remember math fundamentals?  Oops, not needed for a senator!
I think you're on rhetoric autopilot. It's  Trump this or Russia that. Isn't the goal to increase our debt by $9 trillion? #notmysenator
Lived in CT my whole life, trusting you & @ChrisMurphyCT to stop this.
CT taxes are crazy high
And with this new tax plan we will no longer be able to claim a deduction for our big CT property taxes!!! Thanks for nothing Trump!! 
I took some notes from a WaPo article on his "plan". This isn't Tax Reform (which results in zero net balance) this is Tax Cut 4 wealthy 1/2
2/2
Right u r. He needs 2 go & all alligators w hm. Election shd be declared null en
Void and there wont be a Prison big enuf 4 all criminals
Missed opportunity here...Adds BIGLY to national debt
No income state income and prop deductions is a huge tax for the rich. Cease and desist on use of #humongously. Enormously sends regards
Trickle down!? Remember Bugs Bunny? 1 for you 1 for me, 2 for you 1-2 for me, 3 for you 1-2-3 for me. Hey wait a minute! This doesn't work.
Obama's added debt came from saving us from 8 years of G. Bush trickled down theory.
thank goodness we have you and Chris for senators.
You're my guy! Thank you
After you wasted 9 trillion and ballooned the debt with reckless spending now you're concerned about it. Hilarious.Hopeless losers Dems.
you forgot enormous loophole for his own companies
Didn't Obama and the democrats double the national debt? You need to step down.....
You are doing nothing anyway, why change now
Is there a different one pager than the one the WH published?
Wow said with conviction- must be from your experience being on watch in Vietnam
You forgot stimulates economy.
Why can't you introduce a FLAT tax of 22% on corporations and individuals starting at $50,000 per year.  At $5 million, tax 44%
This from the man who lied about serving in Vietnam! Lying Rickie can't be trusted in anything he says!
Lol a democrat talking about debt. Trump has lowered the national debt by almost $30b in his first 100. BO raised it by $200b in 30 days
Great. Current tax structure in CT and US hurts hardworking people to fund means-based entitled population!
Try reading it again. They put it in bullet point form for the simple minded like yourself. Regarding the add to debt - try cutting spending
Did I miss your tax reform plan? Proposal? Legislation? Even suggest a middle class tax cut? You've done NOTHING on tax reform but tweet.
The rich will no longer have pages of deductions.  Only mortgage and charity.I would not call that a break for them only 3 tax brackets
Businesses leave ct because of democratic taxes. highly taxed state is not business friendly nor resident friendly. State is still broke
Please do the math i would have saved 2000 in taxes on last years taxes with new tax by republicans.Obama tripled the national debt
Also targets lower income workers. Removing head of household status is going to crucify lower income single Moms.
War on business is over
GDP will grow 4 to 5%
Reconciliation makes you irrelevant 
#TrumpTrain
Continued senseless partisanship.  CT voters please wake up.  Our senators are an embarrassment.  All noise, no action.
Thanks for fighting Sen Blumenthal, w/o seeing Trumps taxes how are we supposed to know what benefits he & his family? Disgraceful...#resist
Who cares about Trump taxes? It doesn't affect me. Blumenthal's do nothing but complain and moan does.
Diversion-Attacking the ACA while say look over here - Partial Shutdown much<2 evils.  #LiningDJTPockets #ShutdownPreferred
Only one solution; #impeachTrumpnow and #JailThemAll for #Treason and their complicity in #TrumpRussiaCoverUp @JamesComeyFBI @HouseGOP
Thank you so much Senator for defending all of the Americans' interests and doing the right things. #Ethics #Integrity
Ho hum, from the guy who's state is bankrupt and everyone that didn't already leave for Florida, wants to.
Thank You!
Thanks Sen Blumenthal. I TOLD my followers MY elected officials are on the RIGHT side of this whole mess.
Typical Democratic thinking #loser When you give tax breaks to our best and brightest the economy flourishes #taxreform
Courtesy of a fellow twitterer. Feel free to print and pass around senate and congress. Please!
Hahaha
What about the standard deduction doubling for singles and couples out there working? U left that out to fit ur agenda. Ur against workers??
All deductions except for mortgage interest would be eliminated, including state and local taxes and medical expenses. IOW you get nothing.
Thank you, sir!
Deficits will be yuuuuuuge! Bigly!
Both tax breaks for singles and couples will double. Give the whole story.
Yeah and Gorsuch was not on your watch as well.
National debt won't go up, more will work and pay taxes. Aid is what the middle class is paying to the gov that is given to the nonworking
NOT happy trump signed an executive order to consider selling off Gov land monuments... just one more EO to benefit oil& gas co.!
So happy and lucky to have you... thank you
What you have is a senator who lied and got caught....this is who you support???
I just hope there are many more Sen.s just like you. Dem. and Rep!
Thank you!
#ShutitDownMay1st
Thank you Senator
