Yesterday's tragic violence was a homegrown domestic terrorist attack. Call it what it is. Silence is not golden. Ambiguity is abhorrent.
Failing to condemn hate groups & blaming "many sides" is reprehensible moral cowardice. We call for courageous leadership.
Senator hate groups don't represent freedom of speech. Why arent they charged with the crime of defying the fundamentals of Constitution ?

Do you denounce  him?
So you approve of the hate and destruction from the BLM and Antifa?
By extension do you also denounce the hatred of antifa & BLM? Both are vile hate groups that help keep U.S. divided?
Asking for a friend?
@rickyinmessi, you are part of the problem.
I know the wish for United States & not a Divided States is a big issue for the extremist on both sides. Oh well so be it...
By definition, antifa opposes hatred. I would love to hear your argument about how BLM is a hate group? Has BLM driven a car into a crowd?
You may think so however in action this is not the case so much for definitions...
Do you have a concrete example of how these movements have shown hatred at the level of Neo-Nazis?
It is sad that your ideology won't let you acknowledge that your side can in any way be wrong. So continue to defend the indefensible... 
I asked you to defend your ideology (which shows a willingness to consider the other side). You didn't. And MY ideology is indefensible?
SOMEBODY PLEASE FIND THIS LEGEND
And many denounce your lies about your service record
I agree Dick..just wish you Democrats would denounce the same thing when its the Left who does it .
You know it sucks when the picture of your own tweet gets more coverage than the original tweet.
wish i was there. are there any more pop up marches going on? is there a website?
gwan sonic
What about ANTIFA and BLM? Why won't the Democrats denounce them?


In fact that's the philosophy of Sonic by @SEGA #SonicSaysNoToFacismAndRacism regards Ben Aech!.

THIS IS THE ONE
BLUMENTHAL my dood u r a LEGEND
How about the violent left wing extremists.

That little baby grew up believing in goodness and justice and standing up to hate. Heather Heyer. Say her name. 
Senator I would appreciate your finding out why we can't call the Chief of Staff when we call 45, Sen. #FireBannon #FireMiller #FireGorka
Richard Blumenthal stood in Solidarity with Hillary's Senate Mentor the KKK Cylclops Democrat Senate Majority Leader Billy Byrd.
According to obama these are supposed to be called manmade disasters so we don't offend anyone.
Thank you for using your voice for all Americans and our global community. We stand with #Charlottesviille & send our love
Attend any reunions for Vietnam Veterans yet Senator Blumenthal?
Bigot. You should be denouncing BLM, Black Panthers, ANTIFA and Muslim brotherhood as well
Ya what about #ANTIFA, #BLM and the funder of the agitators, rioters and "protestors" #George #Soros? @INFOWARS @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
How about Antifa or are you a hatred supporter?
Proud of WeHa & Sen Blumenthal!

Glad to hear it  Remember when they were part of the Dem Natl Conven. in '24?    And Sen. Bird flipped blacks the bird in '64 and '65?
Thank you. My Dad's name is on that Memorial. He'd be proud to see us standing up against hatred, fascism and nazis as he did in WWII.
Do you denounce BLM & ANTIFA? They are the same as Nazis.


your Tweet was quoted in an article by @mashable  http://mashable.com/2017/08/14/sonic-hedgehog-anti-fascist-symbol-resistance/ …
When will you denounce cop killers and BLM?
thank you senator
Let's help them go found their new country #AllWhiteLand ..We will not compromise our Constitution..People fought and died for our freedoms
Wonder why Blumenthal is trying so hard to make white supremacy a thing? Last actual bigot in CT died about 75 years ago. Eye on the ball.

Holy fuck the Sonic kid
What do you say to the violent #Antifa democrats who attacked reporters with pepper spray? Nothing! You need to denounce all violence now!
I stand with freedom not hatred, when you push one side of a dispute without calling out the other side you have picked a side...
And you as a politician should not be picking a side! You are using identity politics to push your agenda. All violence in politics = wrong
Thank you Senator.
Thank you for coming forward and STANDING FIRM! WOW! Thank you SEN. BLUMENTHAL! Your seat will survive! I/WE Support you!  Awesome!
Hitler was right. Jews control the media and are complete liars.
What about #antifa and #BLM? You hate anyone right of center and are being tricked to stand for fascism! I'm #notAltRight so don't label me!
Thank you. Grateful for your service.
And where is POTUS now with what is happening in Seattle? Still playing golf???
Wait are you trying to switch parties too???
Why is #antifa and #BLM not called out?
funny how it's called freedom of speech when it's protesters at a Trump rally
where is the condemn to blm and  antifa? U people just don't get it that until u do that your words means nothing.
There are plenty from those groups nearby - don't kid youself into believing CT doesn't have lots of them
@NBCConnecticut Almost as brave as he was while serving in country during Vietnam War.
Are you ever in Washington?
That's an odd question.
Not really. Every week he's posing for pictures in CT when he is supposed to be representing us in DC
Hmmmm- well Congress is on break. Most senators are back in home states. Many just hide out.
Even when not on break Dick is in CT posing for pics for people over small scale, local issues every week
Do you denounce black lives matter and antifa?
first time violence from the right, what about all the violence from the left?
How about college fascists and black lives matter groups? Did you forget?
Thank you for coming out and speaking! Proud to be a part of this!
Did you denounce BLM DICK?
How about denouncing liars?
Let's not forget the KKK is an extension of the DNC.
To paraphrase Elie Wiesel, wherever this hatred is found, it must be stomped out.
Hope to see you in Danbury at 6:30. Thank you
When will you start denouncing BLM,  BLACK PANTHERS! MS13! That are raping and killing American People & COPS!!
Why is this even needed the stupidity continues when people make these types of polarized statements your only pouring fuel on the fire.
Evil idiotic trump doesn't
Thank you, Senator. Too bad @realDonaldTrump doesn't have the heart & courage to do the same. #StrongerTogether #thisisnotus
Can you also denounce Antifa while you're at it?
And BLM?
Ur comment not fitting of senator. Failure to call out all-incl.those trying to suppress free speech-endorses their anti-American rhetoric.
Go away
SAY IT FROM THE SENATE FLOOR WITH AS MANY AS WILL STAND WITH YOU.
so ur saying u denounce Glastonbury???
Denials of Americans about these dog whistles is no longer viable to the survival of the U.S.& the World is watching, & Putin is laughing./2
Again thank you senator. Sick of people calling these people alt right.
photo op.
The type of person we need in Government. Americans need to purge OUR gov't. of those who used dog whistles to get Alt Right support!/1
We need to seriously look into vehicle control, more people die a year in car accidents vs guns.
Slither back under your rock, snake
Thank you Sen. Blumenthal. My son, Zander Blumenthal, is fourteen and i am afraid for him. The hateful rhetoric from @POTUS is a movement.
Thank you Senator! #Resist #Resistance
My hometown. Proud of you!
Why not denounce the Antifa crazies too?
F twitter condemnations #ImpeachTrump
Interesting that no one showed up with torches, bats & pepper spray.
Its not just white supremacist.   Idc what race or color you are hate comes from all around.  Denounce all hate
Too bad trump doesn't. #25thamendment

Your hatred of @realDonaldTrump escalates the violence on both sides. Do you denounce Antifa And leftist protestors as well?
Thank you!!
Hold hearings.  This is important
