Surprise, surprise. Once again Trump is caught in yet ANOTHER lie!! Lies come too easy to him everyday. That's some scary stuff..
Oh Obama, Clinton never lied or deceived the public???
What/Which politician hasn't "deceived the public???" I'm sure that's part of the reason why Trump decided to run in the first place.
Drain the swamp! Running to MAGA
Of course he is not acting in the interests of the U.S., he only cares about himself.
Hey Rich, are you still telling people you served in Vietnam or are you telling the truth now!
Of course not, he only acts with regard to his own self interest
I'd trust him before I trust you...#TRUMPISMYPRESIDENT
Trumps Presidency is up for sale... he didn't have money before but he'll have it now... and he rarely pays taxes... u r a fool..
What...seriously?
Oh course Trump is making deals with countries to further his business and what angers me is he's getting away with it...
Say something positive ONE TIME about the POTUS. yr continual disdain is so obvious!!!
The President is the ONLY politician working for the American people. Yourself included. Other than obstruct, you're done nothing. Pathetic
No. trump is not acting in America's interest. Let me save you some time. He's a corrupt opportunist. #ImpeachTrumpNow #TheResistance
President Trump gave up millions to work for the American people as well his cabinet. The trump org is handled by others. Fake accusations!
How did he give up millions? He is still making money from what he did prior to being elected. More because he raises fees because of it.
He just donated 2 mil. to disaster relief, donates his salary spent 55 mil on election and is seperated from dealings of trump org
He announced he is giving the money. Until there is documented evidence it is a ruse. He loaned the money to the campaign and is paid back.
It has to stop

Hell no he isn't. He acts in his own best interests only... ever....period.
Get back under your rock Mr Pathetic
Will you support Amy Coney Barrett's nomination?...Is being a Catholic not politically correct these days?
No, but putting religion before the law of the land, sure disqualifies you. As someone said, let her try being a preacher
Why is #Congress letting him get away without disclosing his tax returns? How can we know whose interests he is protecting w/o that info?
How about because it's not the law?!
What is legal and what is ethical are not always the same.
Don't I know it. How about lying to the families of Benghazi? Destroying evidence? Any outrage?
Oh, wait-- you forgot a part: "Her emails!" There, I fixed it for you.
I could have went on but would have run out of room. Thanks for picking up where I left off.
He is at least making his OWN living....remember he is not taking a salary. Can you say the same?
Mr Blumenthal Mr Trump like to know more about you Vietnam tour. Please let him know all about you suffering in Vietnam.
How about doing your job and stop tatteling on our President
Scary how easily lies roll off his tongue
Trump only acts in Trump's interests #impeachTrumpnow
not understanding why Trump being allowed 2 use Presidency 2 profit! & we know he & his family r doing just that, while we foot their bills
Your joking?
Richy Richy Richy are you disrespecting our (your ) president again that's a BOZO NO NO Richy.shame on you
You're on it Richie! I can sleep tonight!
Who's going to do something about it?!?! If not you guys, then who? We're collectively screaming about it. You guys have to do!
What else would you expect?
He doesn't have America's interest but his own.  He's a business man
So a businessman can't have American interests at heart? Lemmings!
Hey you got a pencil dick?
Is lying about military service ?
$30M stocks$23 million real estatewife CynthiadaughtNY REAL ESTATEmogul Peter Malkin
#DrainTheSwamp of @DNC  @realDonaldTrump #MAGA 󾓦
No President should benefit when they are suppose to be serving the people of America
Not surprising since he met w/Saudi's&McConnell's wife is head of a Chinese corporation (shipping) she inherited (hands in cookie jar)
Who's interest were you acting in when you lied about your service in Vietnam?
P Ryan refuses to bring DACA bills up for vote even tho 75% of USA support DACA & its 580,000 mexicans. Does Trump/Ryan/GOP hate mexicans?
He is a liar.
Coming from the guy who held a meeting with illegals on 9/11. Do you care about American citizens?
Who can say for sure?  Is that rhetorical?
When will Congress hold him accountable? He is not above the law. #Emoluments #ImpeachTrump
Do you work for CT or for photo ops?
Are you still wondering how far the hypocrisy will go? Without pushback it will be unlimited.
Keep hammering the sob!
Senator, do you ever write a tweet and before sending it say to yourself maybe I shouldn't send this? Well YOU SHOULD!!
Hey butt head president Trump is running the country other people run Trump enterprises and you know it
I know you must state a fact in a form of a rhetorical question. The answer is no, for anyone not reading between the lines here. 
Whenwhenwhen will something be done?? How many laws must he break?? I cant last
What law exactly?
Bla bla quit acting like you are concerned about anything other than keeping a job you suck at
If anyone has bad motivation it's you senator. I think you keep insulting the president because you want to run and you don't have a shot
I'm pretty sure T'ster is acting in his OWN interests, and ONLY his own, aren't you?
You know he cares nothing about this country!!!just say it
Who are you talking about honey?
Sigh...  can't this wait until 9/12?
Thank you for continuing to call him out on things like this. The American attention span is short and we must be vigilant in exposing him.
Hey Ricky, remember when pointing fingers  you have three pointing back at yourself...just sayin...#americansarentstupid
Oh, I think we know the answer to that.
all the problems we have now and this is what your focused on,  please
He only acts in Trump's interest.  When someone shows you who they are... believe them
It is an international company, what do you want them to do. You make a bit over a 100,000 a year, where does your money come from?
Anything he does is for himself not us
Blah Blah Blah
Oh come on! What do you need, Senator? Trump is allowed to be  an unethical greedy liar by ALL OF YOU. We have laws and you do nothing.  
We have been able to say clearly, for SURE, for a long time now, that Trump is definitely NOT acting in America's interest - only his own.
He's not.  You can say that for sure.  He's working only in HIS best interests.
How is that Chinese company that pays your family by renting space in the Empire State Building Dick?
Because it didn't happen.
I am certain you are not. You take on tiny little problems and blow them out of all proportion. You waste your time and therefore our time.
Ditto
He is not addressing domestic terrorism. Heather is dead as a result. Americans first!
I can say for sure, HELL NO!!!
Well, let's take a wild guess, but if my memory serves, he's lied about everything so far. Let's keep trying like that's not happening?
Can you name a lie?
 you're joking, right? I only have 140 characters. Let's take Jr for 1. No deals w Russia 2. No private meeting 3. Robert Lee history 4
Proof a law was broken with Russia?
I don't have to prove that. You asked for a lie. He said no deals with Russia. That was a LIE. He has Trump Moscow until 2016
He's never acted in anyone's best interest but his own.
Oh, I think we can say for sure—that he’s not.
Trump must be removed from power if we are truly going to stop the white man from destroying this planet
uh. wut?
Trump is a fraud.
