-be honest you have no intent to support a @realDonaldTrump nominee ever. U & ur fellow Dem Sens planned 2 obstruct all along
We don't support treasonous assholes. He should be awaiting prison and the electric chair for his crimes
- so Gorsuch who was supported by Obama to be federal justice should denied? Why?
Obama nominated Garland. GOP Obstructed for 1 year to get Gorsucks.Gorsucks also is a GOPr and ultra conservative

None of that changes what I said, nor did you refute anything I said. Garland was appointed, and obstructed
- it was not appointed he was nominated in the Senate confirms or not confirms that is the law
Obama named Scalia's replacement. That was his right. It is a stolen seat by GOP thanks to their obstruction.
dems doing what they do best.. OBSTRUCTIONISM and when you're done are you going to take your ball and go home too?
GOP has always been and will be the Party of Obstruction.  Sweety.
Left cheers when they obstruct. Then demonize when the right does it. F'n hypocrite
and the left has made it a point to do it at every turn. They're children throwing temper tantrums.

Trump frankly should be in prison awaiting electric chair. There is nothing adult
how about this dunce ???
Did u see Schubert YAWN during your Mainstream speech NO one is listening to u  look at our state????
No one? He just won another term by a whopping 30% margin. We are listening.
Gorsuch is a quality choice. Being the party of NO didn't work for Republicans and won't for democrats.
They also comtrol 60% of Gov seats and 75% of State Legislatures ALL BASED ON BEING PARTY OF NO! #RESIST
Oppose Gorsuch as valiantly as you opposed the Viet Cong in Saigon.
.@hale_razor @dej388 @SenBlumenthal Neil Gorsuch was approved by all Democrats previously. No reason to not approve him now.
MERRICK GARLAND was approved by all Republicans previously. No reason to refuse him a hearing, but GOP did it.
.@wombat141 @hale_razor @dej388 @SenBlumenthal There was a primary going on. Democrats previously cited same reason to not nom. judges.
There's an FBI investigation involving 45 and collusion with a foreign power.
.@wombat141 @hale_razor @dej388 @SenBlumenthal They should be investigating Hillary & Podesta first.
UGH. Already have, 2 the tune of MILLIONS of tax-payer $. Ur "man" may have colluded w/hostile foreign power - y don't u want 2 know 4 sure?
.@wombat141 @hale_razor @dej388 You're wrong & doing nothing to contribute positively to society. Anarchist with stupid hashtags
the litmus test to rule that killing babies isn't in the Constitution?  It is logic and law not a litmus test.
You're a condescending worm of a man-lied to the Americans for years about being in Vietnam and somehow that's okay with u.
This unethical dishonorable man that lied about serving in action in Vietnam  @SenBlumenthal threatens filibuster of  #NeilGorsuch
Too bad for you it won't matter if he does.
You, Jim Himes and Malloy are an embarressment  to the state of CT
@SenateDems No question that #Gorsuch  is NOT a friend to Women.  Dems must reject R's choice, as R's did with D's choice.
He's a friend of those who are unborn. They are women too! #stopthemurder
Eighty percent of women don't think it's anyone business what's happening inside their body.
And it's not THEIR bodies getting sliced up.
are you going to cry when Gorsuch gets confirmed too?  Cause we know it will happen within the next 60 days.  Elections count
Not likely. He will be Filibustered relentlessly.
the Democratic Party is the party of corruption and lies, violence and obstruction!
That is simply laughable ignorance. But not surprising coming from the GOP Nazi Party.
aw, can't handle the truth! So sad for you
Obstructionist Democrat. Have fun, he will still be confirmed. Fight harder on the next one 
#gorsuch confirmation, any #SCOTUS Conf must be delayed until #RussiaHearings are done. Risk of foreign influence is too gr8
I'll give you liberals one thing. You're all under the same delusions.  But really it's quite tiresome.
please stop all of this resistant posturing and get to work running this country. Petulance is not #ConstruCTive! Confirm!!
sitting before you. I'll send over some more rattles and toys to play with. Get Franken to do a skit. Go back to office,sulk.
you must oppose no matter what! Demand Merritt Garland be nominated. You cannot allow this!!
not how it works in the real world
u ever stop talking? Draft dodger
He was in the military during the Vietnam era but never went to Vietnam.  Stolen valor.
he also prolonged enlistment some how till he got a cushy location
Isn't this just a litmus test too?
@marklevinshow @realDonaldTrump Your clock was cleaned. Now keep with it's integrity.
You need to oppose it relentlessly REGARDLESS! The seat belongs to Merrick Garland. 
Too bad so sad  Ha!
Oppose someone who is a 100% constitutionalist for who? A self serving liberal?
Why don't you have the guts to just say you want to wave your baby rattle because another left wing, activist judge is not
No Dem should entertain Gorsuch,since its stolen seat.Also he stands for corporations & is antagonistic towards voting rights.end of story.
great questioning today!Thank you Sen. 4pushing the questions we need answered due to Trump's agenda. #resistance #hearing
You're supposed to vote on whether or not he's is qualified, not based off of his political views. #notmysenator
Yeah you're also supposed to vote on the person brought forward period. But Obama's choice wasn't.
Opposing his cabinet picks worked out well didn't it? Should of opposed your own party's nomination and you wouldn't be in this mess.
Considering Flynn and several of his picks are gone, opposing has worked.
What prompted you to lie about serving and fighting in Vietnam? You have no creditability ask a man of this stature anything
What prompted you to lie about serving and fighting in Vietnam? You have no creditability ask a man of this stature anything!
Good thing u asked Sessions if he would not follow the law if DJT were to eliminate DACA.
Stop acting like an ISIS, we R in a democracy. Need a shrink. @AP  @DNC @katyperry @FoxNews @Gop @CBS @MiceeMouse @nbc @WSJ
a real jackass lies about serving in Vietnam! What gives you the right to trounce a Judge? Can't trust you at all!
As an officer of the court, you wouldn't want to mislead anyone.
This guy is a freak.
watching you make a fool of yourself.  Are you a lawyer or just a war hero
One of ur criteria, sir, whether was no outrage with @POTUS 1st amendment right to free speech? B4 outrage, read constitution
Can't wait for the #Liberal meltdown When he's CONFIRMED! Will be EPIC! 
Who cares about your corrupt judgment? @DNC @MiceeMouse @adjunctprofessr @katyperry @THR @GOP @FoxNews @CNN @ACTBrigitte @AP
Did you watch the hearings today? You are opposing a Rock Star-full of principle and integrity. Good luck w/ the resistance
U? 
Aren't U the one who wears STOLEN VALOR proudly across UR
forehead? Hardly the one to be
Judges hold grudges, find ways to rule against certain lawyers. Gov Lawyers are afraid of criticizing judges.
As a Christian - you do not have the right to support murder/abortion
Thats rich coming from your lying ass! How do you think REAL VIETNAM VETS feel after you lied about serving in that conflict?
Just note no, and stop wasting our tax money.
The President respected the courts by drafting a new EO, and appealing. Unlike BO.
. @SenBlumenthal Judge #Gorsuch For #SCOTUS should have a fair hearing and should be confirmed.
BHO "attack the integrity" of SCOTUS during a State of the Union. FAKE OUTRAGE on your part.
As an officer of the court, he told u he cannot ethically answer. Don't forget to tweet more BS.
Your going to opppose him no matter what. As an officer of the court, stop BSing us.
You are pitiful. An elephant in the room? What the heck does that mean?
shut up
Evaljate the nominee on his merits/talents not your own political agenda. Shame on you Senator!
how exactly is a judge supposed to reject that?! You're making absolutely no sense!
If elected - Gorsuch will be on SCOTUS when Repub or Dem Presidents are serving. Evaluate him on his talents/views
Why are dems spending the whole SCOTUS evaluation trying to make Gorsuch say things negative about Trump?
Politics is suppose to be the art of compromise not doing everything one can do against the other.  I'm truly ashamed !!
I don't think we need your vote anyways . Your arrogance will get you nowhere.
Given that you lied about your military service,who the hell are you to criticize another person? #GorsuchHearing
Proving once again that you are a political hack!!
Who's kidding?  Are you working for voters, or selfish interest! Vote/honesty, integrity, not for your bunch of hooligans!
ASK SECURITY CLEARANCE.LIST RESPECT FOR OTHER JUDGES BY PERFORMANCE. DO  5-4 DECISIONS ESTABLISH PRESIDENT?
you must recuse your self from senate committee you are not trustworthy and unfit to be a senator LIAR
You should oppose it relentlessly in any case.
Read 1984 aloud for your filibuster
I guess he passed the most important litmus test...not lying about serving in Vietnam...
why?
Douchebag
WHO ARE YOU TO JUDGE ANYONE???? SHAME ON YOU.... YOU HAVE NO TRUTH METER, NO SELF RESPECT, YOU ARE NOT FIT TO CLEAN HIS SHOES!
Oh puhleeze.
SCOTUS should not b politicized! It only further polarize the American voter. Judges should b constitutionally focused. Stop!
you should oppose him from the get go.
really, Rambo?
Too bad the voters don't feel the same way about stolen valor
thank you. So proud to be a nutmegger
At this stage of the game, is that not a self-fulfilling prophesy?
We OPPOSE a Senator who LIED about serving in Viet Nam!  HAVE YOU NO SHAME
U on a collision course with something you can't win. U went to Yale, U should be able to figure that out. Tell George hi!
LMAO 
From Mr Stolen Valor who professed to be in Vietnam! Active Duty Army never deployed-I distinguish their Service accordingly!
Good luck with that 
Ask #Gorsuch if he served in 'Nam too, you disgraceful fraud.
hey liar tell us again about your tour in Vietnam?
You should resist regardless.
WhatUndermineSomeOfThe
FedJudiciaryIs
TheirSettingAside Law4Political/PersonalAgenda
AsSeenW/9ThCircuitW/77%Being Overturned
Ok soldier wanna be
how bout we are going relentlessly vote out the rest of you senators wasting tax dollars doing nothing.
You really should just resign.
The hypocrites of your Dem party disagree with you

@SenateGOP @SenateDems There is a corrupt crew in the WH & Congress. How is it good for democracy to allow any further confirmations?
ru nuts?
I am very disappointed in you as my Senator. You seem to just follow the Dem agenda to protect yourself in the party.
obstruction and pandering is not why you are there.This is a solid nominee yet you need to try to further yourself and party.
booooooooooo!!!!!
Your openg stmt 2day was just plain rotten, UR a partisan hack & I'm embarrassed by your representation of me in DC #gorsuch
#stolenvalor
AMEN
oppose all you want, will not matter and you knows that.
Amen , Agree.
@keywest0007 Vote No *Priorities*
Comey revelation changes everything, Senate should postpone Gorsuch Supreme Court nomination hearing!
who is more disgusting you or Brian Dennehy?
LOL okay Vietnam combat vet. All you dems will vote lock step against anything Trump #Cult
And if he does? 
you learn how to be tough in Viet Nam..oh wait that was a lie..coward
You shouldn't do it anyway because @POTUS is under investigation by the @FBI
I oppose all Senators who.lie about serving in a war.that WOULD be u buddy.u said u served in Vietnam. LIAR!!!!!!
yes I agree - all taxpayers should enjoy paying for abortions on demand and more of them too!
SHOCK! Dems will oppose relentlessly one way or the other.. yawn...
u understand ur irrelevant.Most of ur assoc.,approved him (2006)he'll b confirmed with or without u an so will the next SCJ
wondering if @DNC are still colluding w/corrupt media? Trying to control election is unpatriotic,unamerican
One of the key obstuctionists in the Senate
And yet you want a litmus test for abortion and the rest of the left's menu of pet issues.  No inconsistency there...
anybody in Democratic Party want good law and order or just decisions that fall the progressive way!
you should not have ever allowed a hearing. Illegitimate scotus #resistance #stolenseat #illigitpresident
LOL...Gorsuch WILL be confirmed on the Nuclear Option and you Democrats have nobody to blame but yourselves. ROFLOL
Whatever he says in hearings he cannot be held to. Do not approve.
Please oppose him period! He does not belong on the SCOTUS. Trump is an illegitimate POTUS!
Respectfully, Senator, you already have the answer in his activist judicial philosophy.
@SenateDems We could care less what u do. Too self-important.
@SenateDems THANK YOU.
Why wouldn't you oppose his nomination relentlessl anyway?  He's just a payoff to the corporatocracy.
typical @SenBlumenthal obstructing and politicizing the selection process. Can you stop wasting our tax dollars?
bad choice buddy
Thanks for your leadership.  When he dodges your tough questions, filibuster.
Merrick Garland or NOTHING.  NO WEAK KNEED DEMOCRATS.   Vote NO or be primaried!!!!
@SenateDems You need to reject his nomination no matter what. Don't you Remember what the GOP did to Garland? I do
@SenateDems your opposing it regardless let's let's not pretend you have some sort of standard or morals
@SenateDems u are dust in the wind, brace for a storm
@SenateDems Thank you sir!
@SenateDems Halt all votes until this stolen election has been resolved. McConnell can wait for Garland who was approved.
Wisdom lacks by a threat! You would not have made it on the Jury with such comments! #Gorsuch qualifys! Sir; you do NOT!
It's a stolen seat, sir. I oppose any vote for #gorsuch
Now everyone knows, and Blumenthal already stated he would oppose. So what is the purpose of this post / tweet?
@SenateDems He should be relentlessly opposed anyway. He is not an impartial Justice & issues rulings based on personal bias.
thank you @SenBlumenthal for standing up for your fellow Americans
thank you for speaking today!!! 
so you want him to back your test instead?
I will VIGOROUSLY support the progressive challenger of ANY Democrat who supports Gorsuch for SCOTUS.
@peoplefor Good
Respectfully, you should oppose his nomination on principle given that GOP refused to bring Garland up for a vote.
@peoplefor would like to know if he will support repeal of citizens united.
He is extremely qualified and should sail through the hearings.
Provide support for a great judge.
U should reject him out of hand: MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND #Robbed
another partisan hack. Nothing new.
that's awesome #VietnamVet get @SenateMajLdr to go nuclear?
VOTERS DEMAND NO APPOINTMENTS/LEGISLATION UNTIL DJT IS FULLY INVESTIGATED/DIVSTED. CORRUPTION =No trust. Halt everything now
shocker.  You are an obstructionist
thank you!  Pls work to get ALL Dems on board. Opppse and #StopGorsuch
It is so embarrassing that you are from CT.
the American bar association gave gorsuch their best rating
NOT ENOUGH - If it was legal to block Garland, then it is legal to filibuster Gorsuch: FILIBUSTER FILIBUSTER FILIBUSTER
Why hasn't media or Senate mentioned #FascismForeverClub once that I've seen don't ignore this!! http://zacherydtaylor.blogspot.com/2017/02/propaganda-campaign-for-fascism-in.html …
excuses, you are blocking everything as part of the marxist democrat bloc. no surprise.
Too late - he's already *been* nominated. Confirmation is next.
Wisconsin partisan gerrymandering case is going to Supreme Court. Ask about that, Senator.
What's YOUR litmus test? Roe v. Wade? Citizens United? Voting Rights Act?
@DavidSchantz 
You should ONLY confirm him after Garland has been confirmed.
yes please!
people like you are the ones who hold the rest of the world back.
I salute your military service.
No "ifs." Oppose, oppose, oppose!
He's going to lie like crazy to seem "rational" then will be another gop activist judge against the people and for corporations. BLOCK HIM!
Stop being an obstructionist: "Bombshell discovery shows targets of NSA's "Project Dragnet"
What litmus test?Don't Democrats EVER get sick of lying?Only thing u r good at is hatred campaign against Repubs. #Gorsuch
Gorsuch voted for Hobby Lobby, which allows a company's  Insurance to refuse contraception to women on religious grounds
