Please press this pattern of narcissism and stop it along with his terrible healthcare for the Rich !
cutting out the press is a move toward an authoritarian leader. All lawmakers should be able to see this! Agenda blinds!
Please keep up the fight!! Freedom is at stake!
I do not know why press would even show up. DT demands attention, if not given, he would cave!
Journos must stick together & defy ban. No law says they must turn off their cameras. They must defend #1A - @whpresscorps
How can we stop this hostile takeover of our government?
How is that legal? Where's the 2st adm lawsuit?  Come on!
Not just our values, but antithetical to the Constitition itself!  What happened to a free press?  Why is Trump so threatened by one?
One step closer to authoritarian rule & death of representative democracy. Will Congress act to stop this creep?
Perhaps "Richie", if the reporters would stick to the current topic rather than "Russia". that would change!
Never thought I would see all media outlets except Fox fabricate "news" I prefer my news without the BS
After 8 years of the most transparent president, why do you care now?
So is lying about ones military service and yet, there you are
oh boohoo, get over it!  Sent you & murphy to Washington to work not OBSTRUCT!!  ObamaCare was mistake from start! @POTUS is working 2 MAGA
just about everything going on in Trumplandia is "antithetical to our values"
UNCONSTITUTIONAL!  ...again
Time 4 a REVOLUTION! I'm ready WHO else is IN? #DonTheCon #TraitorTrump #ImpeachTrump #RESIST #TrumpRussia  #ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNOW
Yeah Trump's a big lol isn't he? How are those campaign promises coming?
What is the plan to stop this practice?
Can we sue POTUS?  He is hijacking our democracy
You can fast track the criminal investigation against this prez & stop this once & for all... there's enough evidence to choke a horse!!
Please publish it for us so far I have just heard every one involved testify that it didn't happen
Let's face it senator this is no longer America. We are no longer the land of the free and there's certainly no one Brave in the White House
It is time for us to do more than sigh about it. Let us all stand together and stand up.
First they came for the reporters...
Not clear to me what happened after that, who could tell, but it all went to crap.
And yet it continues. Where is the system of checks and balances that supposedly ensures our remaining a democracy??!  Seriously nervous.
It's seems to be gone, just imagine for a second if Obama did this secrecy stuff...
#WeThePeople must let fearful potus & obliging .@GOP Congress know their attempts at shutting #4thEstate down unacceptable. USA not Russia!
Should have brought that up with the last president. You were quite okay with his secrecy. Typical politician. Hypocrite.
Russia and Nazi Germany.
Kinda dictator-y.

You Sir ARE NOT ALLOWED
That's cause ur using all the cameras  for all ur press conference's
So are modern liberals!
What will Congress do about this?
@GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP -- we blame you.
Gaggle gaggle gaggle all presidents have had gagglesvand did not have press Cobferences every day
continue to be played by the,much smarter than you, President Trump. Cont. to let the media make you look foolish.
Maybee destroying my home state with your liberal no sense policies and leadership. U are pathetic and should be ashamed.
never thought I would see a Senator re-elected after lying about serving in Vietnam. What could be worse then that ???
LIAR! You call yourself an attorney, only cameras banned, not live coverage,listen with your ears lying Vietnam faker
(Babylon the Great 103 #P37)Thinking he is above the Law...Deepening!!!
@ChrisMurphyCT When is it possible to stop the wheels of government from turning at all? An unreasonable opponent can't be reasoned with...
Dick, never in a million years would we ever see a senator steal brave soldiers valor.
This is disgusting & a complete misuse of our rights. The president & White House need to be completely transparent. #ImpeachTrump
You have to do something about it!!!!
Violates the first amendment
You and your party are delusional. Losing every seat on congress because of failing policies. You lied and conned all you can
Every day it's something new for you to harp on how many private meetings have you been in in goverment get over it dude
You can keep your doctor. Your plan why did ge leave.  Why is UBS building vacant?  You never answer me!!!
I never realized so many in the Republican Party had communist tendencies. They certainly seem to want a dictator. A stupid 1
#DonaldTrump
Stop your grandstanding ! Fix Connecticut

Thank You for all your hard work! 

Keep up the good fight! 

We are with you!!!

Connecticut Proud!
How about lying about being Vietnam?  Is that anti ethical to our values?
Freedom of the press is guaranteed by the Constitution. Does anyone care about this?
Neither did I, is there anything you or anyone can or will do to stop them from banning live audio and video coverage?
What secrecy?  Now reporters have to actually do their job
Really sucks as an American citizen who is trying to engage in our democracy to have to look at blank thx screen and try just listen.
This must stop! 
We are the People! 
It is our White House.
Can you just imagine the uproar coming from Republicans if @HillaryClinton as President banned cameras & recordings from the WH press room.
More & more like Putin's Russia or Hitler's Germany. Either was he is a treasonous old fool that is an embarrassment to our country
Liar! Only cameras are banned! Help Bankrupt #Connecticut
Sean & Sarah are still pissed about their performances in our latest video.
This ENTIRE admin is a disgrace to the World as they attempt 2 DESTROY R Gov't & Democracy as we know it #DonTheCon #TraitorTrump #Resist
If they did not get any coverage at all, they may change their minds.  I think the press should just leave and see what happens next.
Never thought I'd see disabled people who are fighting for health care dragged out of their wheelchairs. But I thought I lived in America.
Never thought I'd hear a person say they were in Vietnam to help get elected. But yeah Trump is untrustworthy.
Millions of Americans going about their daily lives oblivious to what is happening to our democracy. Many won't b reached till too late.
This has to stop now
AntiAmerican & soldiers died 2 protect us from Govt Not Meeting in Secret as corrupt govts do.Wealthy are glorified & poor deemed inhuman
playing coy is not becomming of a senator. Your lying allies in msm have only themselves to blaim.
Waaahhhhh...crybaby.  There is a new boss in town and I am glad he is changing the rules.  You got the briefing.
What can we DO about it now?  Tell us!
please,speak on PLAIN ENGLISH so everyone understands what you say.
In this context antithetical= un-fucking-American!
then he should say THAT because trumps base has no idea what Blumenthal said. And that is a problem for dems
You spend almost 90% of ur time on twitter is that how you create jobs ,help your constituents put food on their table? when do u do ur work
It's a slide toward autocracy. We need you to be louder about it!
Since when did it become THEIR country, their rules! It is OUR country! Stop the Oligarchs from taking over and creating Authoritarian state
Amen.
So what are ya'll going to do about this? IT goes against the way we govern. It is getting worst yet nothing is being done about it.
#DemocracyDiesInTheDark
Yeah, when the Obama administration tried to mislead us they at least had the decency to lie to our faces. No good actors, only bad & worse
It's disgusting.  This whole administration is corrupt.
It's absolutely atrocious and we need to do something about it! Please keep speaking out against #trumpcare!
Get over it
How about you get over your stupidity. Trump and his admin are corrupt & if ur ok with that ur worthless & Un-American
I see you one of those Libs who can't discuss intelligently...always resort to name calling...
