The White House should get a "group rate". Less than 6 months in office and the "Ghost of Tricky Dick" has struck.
You are so right!
Why do you give air time to a snake?
Stolen Valor Blumenthal How's it possible he gets an ounce of respect Only CNN would care what he thinks
Seems like anybody Republican or anti left needs to get a Lawyer..... You better get one to Dicky!!
No, I doubt he “accidentally” hired a lawyer.  This is a stupid statement from a partisan hack.
He said its "no accident" which means it wasn't accidental or accidentally.
Are you attempting to clarify something here?
Pretty sure he meant "it's not incidental" or "it's not coincidental" or "it's not insignificant".  Of course you don't accidentally hire a
Lawyer.
I mean 'I' get that. But if you suspected someone else didn't...is this how you would clarify Lol?
So if U not guilty why get a lawyer? Just tell them what happened  this is going 2be epic! The POTUS, VP, AG & the Speaker Removed
in your dreams!
BLUMENTHAL'S MOUTH OVERLOADING HIS HORSE'S-ASS!!  AS USUAL!
NOT THAT HE'S GUILTY OR ANYTHING...LOL
Trump done stunk up the WhiteHOusE &Pence is complicit in Trump/Putin takeover. Out goes Trump, Putin, Ryan=New election or we shut it DOWN
Pence needs a good lawyer # Trump, but how is he going to change the damage to his morals?
Blumenthal is a first class #douche
Correct. I don't think he hired a lawyer by accident, either. @benshapiro
Just wait until the investigation gets to the actual evidence.Lynch,Obama &Clinton will be investigated. It will definitely widen. #Justice
They all have a lot to hide...especially  Clinton!
It's terrible that decent honest people have to get lawyers because of fake rumors
It's terrible that seemingly intelligent people are unable to see that this investigation is serious, there are people in legal peril
and there are several others in the administration that are legally vulnerable.  This is not fake news.
No it was not a accident it was on purpose.
With all the n
This guy is always wrong. CNN promotes this fake news. Americans see right thru your left wing, violence causing propaganda CNN !!!
Blumenthal,  is someone I'd trust and listen too.  He was an awesome CT Attorney General.
With all the  and #Trump willing to do anything to save himself, protecting himself from being thrown under the bus.
You mean people hire attorneys on purpose? ...now that's what's called news !
Trump VP asking for immunity in 5, 4, 3...
With all the made up crap from the left. He was wise to do so.
Duh! Obviously smarter of the two.
too bad u were not that concerned when Loretta Lynch subverted our dem. & when clinton aides had a parade of lawyers
Salem witch hunts all over again
Thanks Capn Obvious. I guess it would be a bit difficult to hire a lawyer by accident. Thanks for your lack of intelligence.
Hey Richie, what are you doing for CT CITIZENS today? Try something different for a change. We're tired of problems created by Democrats!
I bet if he were to be asked questions by a special counsel he would have a lawyer. It is the smart thing to do. Ask him that question?
I have doubt that VP was involved in this mess, as Flynn was fired for lying to him. Disagree with his politics, but seems to be out of loop
Well if i hade Nothing to hide i won't need lawyers
Yeah you would! Dems are trying anything to take Trump down!
#WitchHunt
Bla bla bla
No accident that CNN is fake news and propaganda!
Everyone hires an attorney when they hear the words, you have a right to an attorney. 
This guy is an embarrassment to CT. He should resign
Wolve you're not that bad you just need to get on the right network so you can be yourself call me after your contract is up "FOX"
and fox is the right network is it?
Ask him about Vietnam again I mean my god who would listen to a guy who would lie about that well I guess only CNN
u listen to a lying..racist..draft dodging..treasonous.. illegitimate.. president..ur problem is that u believe what that liar says.
Cause he is guilty! Done, party over, lights on, last call! Bye Boy, ADIOS YOU BAD HOMBRE!
#Pence heard conversations and was part of conversations and had to make decisions on them that's why he need a Lawyer, better be a good one
I would also think CT voters would agree we don't elect senators in the hope they will fabricate conspiracy theories.
And that Comey is his daughter's godfather 
@SenBlumenthal @CNN it also would have been no accident if you had investigated hillary and obama, mr. Vietnam war hero
Being from Connecticut, I've got to think there are many residents who want their senators to focus on the constructive work of government.
...and not this kind of crap.
Blumenthal is an Idiot. Of course it's no accident. Pence has NO time for #WitchHunt and has Lawyer handling it. CNN is Fakenews
He knows the fix is in. Meuller hired Clinton lawyers. Not a bipartisan investigation at all.
More marxist propaganda with unsubstantiated innuendo . You are a Senator, try acting like one.
You mean the military liar had that to say.
Such a large web they weaved.
The rats will eventually abandon ship when its their own hide on the line, shades of Water Gate happening now beginning of the end #impeach
You people don't take a break! SMH!
They all should lawyer up, they need to. Hopefully justice is coming.
Witch Hunt continues. Democrats need mental help, they are going crazy over the fact @POTUS did nothing wrong. Pathetic people
You mindless fools who believe the propaganda and fake narratives the democrats and media put out are just that, EASILY FOOLED FOOLS.
No accident?
Exactly! "No accident"
Who hires a lawyer by accident? And why would our VP not protect himself from such vultures !! This will be remembered!! How you acted!!
You misinterpreted what he said!!! He said "no accident" you say opposite. Of course no one hires lawyer "by accident"!!!
And "how I acted"?!?! I'm not VP nor POTUS. They are the ones with questionable motives!
Only when they make it !! These investigations have been going almost a yr. and we have nothing!! Except a pissed off x fbi director
Then why have they lawyered up! Why is Trump having panic attacks on twitter? Why did Flynn, Sessions, Kushner lie?  Why did he fire Comey?
2. This has screwed everyone six ways to Sunday because Trump cannot keep big mouth shut-keeps commuting obstruction-will drag everyone down
1. Real simple. Pence to be informed of all Trump actions, not knowing they wld b so unlawful thy wld make him accessory after the fact
Looser.
right. Because an innocent person has never been wrongly convicted in this country so why defend yourself?
A prudent move considering the McCarthyism witch hunt currently under way
There is no accident in that he needs one either.
Wouldn't you. Witch hunt!
Pence NOT TRUSTWORTHY!!!!!! Just like Trump but A Pence doesnt BROADCAST it
FAKE VALOR.
No kidding Sherlock, nobody hires a lawyer by accident. He needs to protect himself from rabid dogs like u that don't deal in truth or facts
Pretty namby-pamby reaction to the biggest story of the day so important Trump spent the day distracting with tweets. 
No accident. Sheesh.
Blumenthal is a joke
There's a bunch of Trumpbots commenting here. Check their accounts before commenting maybe.
If I worked with or for this administration in any capacity, I'd retain the best lawyer I could afford.
I hope his own lawyer tells him to step down with Trump.
I find your rhetoric quite offensive. It is decisive and based on no facts.
Tell us how is was in Nam, Blumenthal, you proven liar.
Whats NEW?  The tweetng or the obstruction?  Nothing new.
Oh he said RICHARD Cullen... I thought he said PETER Cullen... I was like, damn you know it's bad if Pence hired Optimus Prime...
I won't bash him for getting an atty. All in @WhiteHouse should but @maddow's story about @VP's lawyer in particular was interesting.
As the shooting investigation proceeds my sources tell me it will show how the left led by @CNN made him travel to DC to kill Republicans.
Political hack
What's dangerous is 10 weeks of non stop accusations Trump is being investigated for Collusion.  @CNN KNEW IT WAS A FU....KING LIE.
We are asking the President to order AG Sessions to immediately open up investigations into how Hillary, Lynch, Comey & Obama obstructed
No it isn't. Just like McCarthyism, the Dimocrat witch hunt has everyone who has any intelligence lawyering up
@realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton @GOP @TheDemocrats @CNNPolitics This is why HRC warned Americans about how awfully unqualified Trump is!
Because it is a witch hunt.
This is going to make a great movie.
People usually don't accidentally hire people.
He's coming back to IN tomorrow to bum legal fee money off his former followers. The day these  are out of office can't come soon enough.
We all knew. Get them and quick
Blumenthal the liar should quit the nonsense.
@VP The Liar need a Lawyer!
Yep scared that's why because he knows what was done and it's getting close to catching up to him.
It's an accident Blum was not charged for 'stolen valor;' lying about his military service!
Agenda tv.
Did I hear right? trump's lawyer is interviewing staff? Is that an advanced case possible witness tampering now? I'm no lawyer sound like it
was it an accident when #Comey granted all the Dems and Hillary Staffers #Immunity aka a FREE PASS?
This is how it starts. They get their own lawyers. Lawyer looks after his client. Just question of who throws whom under  first.
So Pence is smarter than I thought.
No and is a criminal lawyer, probably from his " elite " lier lier pants on fire 
No one hires a lawyer by accident.
Trumps tweets today make it evident that he just watched his buddy Newt the fruit bc his wording all but mimicked Newts!
Plot Twist: Trump turns FBI informant, tattles on everyone in his team and GOP tangled in Russia scandal. Takes down entire GOP.
The more he talks, the more I realize he only opens his mouth to change feet. Isn't he the one that LIED about serving in Vietnam? Yup!
Doesn't take a genius to know that hiring a lawyer in these extraordinary circumstances is a good thing, Takes dunce to report it as trouble
This comes from a man that lies about his military service.
Sen. Bloomers, get a grip and just do your job and quit the dividing of America.

Wise up, your drinking too much poison CNN KoolAid. U can't think straight & eventually the hatred poison from them will ruin ur brain
Duh, nothing gets by him huh....
Blume thank you haven't learned a thing. You received the briefings. You knew POTUS was not under investigation.  You have blood on ur hands
There are no crimes committed by President Trump or any of his administration..Flynn acted on his own..Democrats and reporters are ignorant!
I never thought it was an accident.
You are destroying our country!
No kidding when the going gets tough lawyer up
How many people accidentally hire lawyers?
Im glad he clarified that. Its so common to accidently hire a lawyer. "Woops! Got counsel on retainer again! Silly me." 
Scalise’s blood is on your hands. Your silence against the terror attack against repubs is approval.
How's that service record from Vietnam coming along. Oh yeah,Blumenthal lied about military service. Total fraud
Destruction self destruction at its worst over greed of power & money! The American people will suffer the most...
These people better get ready. Let the Evidence rot in the vine in the Democratic coverups. Dig under every stone for anything against POTUS
It's no accident u only talk on CNN
CNN is facilitating character assassination attempts against the elected Vice President.
Thank you Senator, for being a true American!, and the people's voice, keep doing what you are doing.
Lol! Loser! Just grabbing at anything! He's getting a lawyer due to possible document request & interview w/ Mueller 2 protect his rights!
Did I miss anyone else?
The plot thickens!
Who cares what the clown says?
Alan Dershowitz completely spanks Toobin on every legal issue. It's Man against Boy Toobin who is a complete legal hack for the Dems/CNN.
Blumenthal & Schiff have become complete CNN hacks who are being used by CNN to voice what CNN wants to hear. Both are an embarrassment!
Did you come to that conclusion back when you were pretending to serve in vietnam?
Pence lead transition team in Russia Gate. He goes with the Donald.
Maxine waters in disguise.
Vietnam combat vet (stolen valor, yea he believes it) is an idiot
Isn't Blumenthal the guy who lied about his military career? He should have to hire a lawyer. "Stolen Valor" is a crime. For most people!
CNN at it again they just won't give up fake news fake news fake news
So it's fake news that Pence lawyered up? Fake news DJT under investigation? Wake up & smell the borscht snowflake. #TrumpObstructed
Any idea how many lawyers R now employed by members of Admin.& support staff + hangers on? How far down org chart does this lawyering up go?
http://www.ebay.com/itm/252986508143 …
Something must cooking.
It's no accident that Dick Blumenthal stole valor from real combat veterans.
The only people who don't hire the best lawyer are dumbasses. #CNNisISIS
And you look back at the last administration where there was LOADS OF REAL EVIDENCE. Why shouldn't Trump call it out?
They are running out of narratives. First it's Russia meddling in election, then Trump-Russia, then Trump-Comey now obstruction. All DOA 
Funny how DJT is soooo clean yet hires a law FIRM....Flynn has one Jared has one now Pense has one...Only DJT could bring such a mess on
Waiting on high high ranking GOP members to lawyer up.
@SenBlumenthal DID THIS SHOOTING NOT TEACH YOU ANYTHING? GUESS NOT LOW LIFE #karmaIsABitch #Vote2018
Blumenthal would hire a lawyer if he was part of a witch hunt, too.  Hiring a lawyer isn't accidental, it's deliberate.
They will all have to hire a lawyer before it's over with.
In the wake of yesterday's shooting @SenBlumenthal should take a breath. In such poor taste.
Would you guys please stop this negative rederic. I think America is sick and tired of hearing this crap. No I know that we are!
Just more draining the swamp.
Mike Pence is an honorable godly man and everyone on the left knows it. Sadly, he needs counsel because even he is being attacked.

Let Us Be Honest: NO One Has Been Honest In The White House About Their Putin Stuff & @jaredkushner's Secret Channel Was TREASON! @CNNSotu
Been done for years nothing new.  What do you folks discuss when you're in the gravy train line waiting for your freebies
Sure he thinks he needs one, this administration is out of control.
There's no hidden agenda for the VP to hire his own lawyer. His Office is separate from POTUS. Read the Constitution.  Nothing sinister...
Exactly. It was very carefully planned by the dems. Starting with the fake collusion and continuing with more false accusations.
Nope. Nothing wrong with it.
You bet! Me. Perfect is as guilty as his bro, the orange clown! Pretending innocence is just that...pretend!
At this point I think he's more interested in staying out of jail than he's interested in becoming President.
LOL..
Uhm, who "accidentally" hires an attorney?
