Hopefully can be held against him for attempting to intimidate a witness in a federal proceeding.
or he is just calling it what it is... a joke, myth BS. no evidence, never was
Trump is in debt. He has to go outside the US for money. Just look at his tax returns.
So you have seen his tax returns?

Because people who own their own 747 are pretty well off one would think.
I don't recall saying that I saw his tax returns.
Then how do you know he's in debt?
Trump has2find new'wiretap'tweets2deflect or distract or seek help of Nunes WH DefenseTeam
http://www.amazon.com/Sharia-Exposed-Farzana-Moon/dp/0996663452/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1458732620&sr=1-1&keywords=Sharia+exposed …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
What a hypocrite!!!  Who is distracting who???  There is NOTHING to this Russian BS!!!  How about we investigate the leaks & the corruption?
@vanderbraak @SenBlumenthal @CNN FUCK the R's the POISONED PARTY OF LIES!!!
The Dims are so desperate. They are just loving it by wasting time and money for nothing. Even Clapper said "no collusion".
POTUS is pacing and will be tweeting soon.
That's delusional. The issue is not "leaks" or "unmasking". The issue is collusion and treason and the Don Dump supporters are in denial.
Lord have mercy enough of this where is the proof show us the proof put up or shut up I'm so sick of this.............................
How's that investigation going CNN.  Still a dead end i see.  Much like your news network
@badgirl_loony @SenBlumenthal @CNN absolutely! Trump has ben deflecting frm the start. ANYTHING 2 tak light off Russian dealings.
Will u investigate HRC and her collusion with russia? Be fair sir..we want the WHOLE TRUTH & NOTHIN BUT THE TRUTH.
The narrative that some put in the media "he was candidate"that matters more now,he has occupied the highest level in the WH,he's president!
Go Outside My Friend_ Feel th Warmth of th On Ur Face_Rd a _B Kind2 Some1 N Secret_Look N th Mirror for 5min Then Say I U_Then Come Back
A)Hate Hurts thHater-It Is Born However Of Pain&Fear-45&GOP RHurting PPL-DestroyingLives& OurDemcrcy-I Will Not Abandon My Resolve2 Do All
YEAH YEAH YEAH. You are all crooked politicians.
That's easy. They waited because they didn't like or trust you guys.
Ur a fake and a liar.... as always
Fake news at it again
@realDonaldTrump 
Why not. He has managed to bullsh#t his way to the WH. It must work.
We the people will not be distracted by his childish bs. He has committed treason and will be impeached
It called the truth it's just democrats are not use to the truth
You were elected to follow the current law! Not interpret it in favor of your personal politics
you deflect and distract from your lies - Lie about military service and think you can point fingers at other with NO FACTS to support it!
Delusional like Dump's popular vote win, voter fraud, his crowds, and Mexicans paying for his idiotic wall. #nationaldisgrace
I too find the Russia probe as a distraction from Trump's day to day smoke screen of blunders, manipulations, and political missteps..
Nope. That's backwards. Focus is on Russian ties, which are real. Anything else is the distraction. Like randomly bombing a Syrian airstrip.
Yes is an effort to distract,whether he was candidate or now president,that doesn't change the fact of what he has said,he's Donald Trump!
What makes you such a EXPERT??? --- Ah that's right - with your experience - you're a EXPERT Mr. Vietnam Vet!
Classic Con... W/ th Installment Of This Administation We All Were Enrolled N A Crash Course on The Con, GasLighting & Propoganda...
Fake news, fake news, fake news.

If Susan rice had enough evidence of collusion to unmask names why won't she simply testify and put trump in jail? Oh, cause there is none.
Don't forget "intimidate" as he is supposedly the most powerful man on Earth.
Trump always deflects. It's like he admitted his guilt yesterday with his insane tweets.
Coming from a man that is a KNOWN LIAR. So disgusted with the garbage CNN tries to push down people's throats.
 #SallyYatesIsAPatriot she kept her word! EVERYDAY#Trump breaks his!  #TrumpRussia

"Guilty until proven innocent!"
Trump-Tell lie -Make it big-Keep saying it-Eventually they will believe it-"Hitler" #TrumpDictatorship
yes i believe they did
Lmao you guys are still on this?! You wonder why the ratings are so low. All your credibility has been destroyed. Not for the next 8 years..
But will always be #FAKENEWSCNN

WOW RETWEET THIS BOMBSHELL - @SenFeinstein confirms on live #FakeNews there's ZERO EVIDENCE #TrumpRussia collusion existed. @CNN cuts feed  
#EndTheLies
Never good to bring in an outed liar on the show. Zero credibility.
How would you know..this guy is a liar & Dem..Dems are trying to create something out of nothing..they hate Trump..
Take care of your own piece of crap state that's in turmoil. Leave this to the big boys
If Russia gives you large loans does that fall under Citizens United.  How much Russian money in Trumps Tax Return(s).
If all he just listed is true, Flynn's security clearance should have never been reissued. Entire point is that it was reissued under Obama
More than likely it was Bannon that wanted Flynn, and then Ivanka told her dad that was okay.
Unfortunately you appear to listen to media without question. You talk the party line whether it makes sense or not.
Trump-PutIn love bites. Squirming. Smell toast?
Funny they are still pushing a narrative without proof.... not 1 single shred of evidence
Maybe #Trump should just say he fought in Vietnam when he really didn't. Oh wait.... Blumenthal already did that! #CNN = #FakeNews
Russia wanted our stock market to hit record levels.
Russia wanted us to increase military spending.
Russia wanted us to secure our border.
When context is applied to your comment which was leaky anyway, Boom!
Deal in facts not possibilities !
History will show that this Conspiracy was Trump and Russia. POTUS is the pivot Leader. Democracy is in danger.
... you look more like a chicken then he does.
obviously you do, you felt the need to reply.
HE SAYS  "POSSIBLY" ??
I'm tired of Donald Trump pushing the envelope. Moving the goal post, and trying to stretch a point we need a Fedex envelope with no addtess
Just his usual Divert, Deflect, and Deny #DirtyDonny is running skeerd now! Yay Yates! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @realJeffreyLord @PressSec
Get through with the investigation, then Trump won't have deflecting tactics to use.
Why can't CNN report positively So much living in past to create negatively Make the effort to report REAL NEWS  and stop the FAKE NEWS
It's not in the past, he took the job thinking he can hide his corruption he's being exposed, his bad tell him!
The same company that has been proven wrong before about Russia
investigating the Russia business needs to get through and Trump won't have and more deflection tactics right.
The Russian story was a scam when the DNC refused to let the FBI examine the server but told us it was hacked
IF INVESTIGATING TRUMP/TEAM, VALUE YUR JOB,NOT JUST WHEN IT COMES 2CERTAIN ONES,ALL! HONOR SUPREME GOD/JUDGE 1st. STP! PROTECTIN THE WRONG.
SOMETHG 2HIDE,PPL KNOW IT,NT STUPID!HOW CAN BE A BETTER WORLD 2RESIDE. IF ONLY GET RID SOME CRIMIAL/KEEP SOME. CRIMIALS R SUFFERCATIN WH HOU
of course they are! Lock him up! Lock him up! #TrumpImpeachmentParty #Trumprussia
Of Course it Did!
Either that or get the truth out. Guess you won't be reporting that side of the story.
truth? Yates told trump Flynn was a traitor. That's the truth
What makes you think that?
Facts. Proofs.
what? Proof? Eyewitness testimony? Trump himself saying Yates told him about Flynn?
yeah,and we are tired of waiting ,we elect you guys to do the job,looks like we will handle IT! HE'S DESTROYING THE COUNTRY! WHAT GOOD IS HE
and the DEMS on the Russia Myth are not politically motivated. This from a War Protester who claimed Vet status.
Deflector-in-chief keeps diverting attention - why does he always have a stiff jaw when he signs his so-called "executive orders"-watch him
I said yesterday he will say or do something, like drop another bomb, simply to deflect from Yates.
