Nothing changed since President twice notified Congress that preventing a nuclear-armed Iran through agreement was in our national interest.
Must do much more to hold Iran accountable for other malign actions. President has failed to do so. This misstep will make that even harder.
This man is going to be the death of us all NO ONE has the balls to stand up. Is this really all for tax reform What good will it be?
Ricky you got it backwards.
can't congress override him? tell trump to go sh*t in his hat.
The deal was bad from the start
Ask the Indians how often the US didn’t keep its promises and treaties. It’s no surprise that Trump does this. WE will have no credibility
Here we go again talk about it but no one does anything this is a dictatorship #notmyamerica
If it is, it is one people like you created.
@realDonaldTrump does not care about America #trumpregrets  #stopmaga Please!
I think Jan twenty we are going down to nothing but Russia do
He have a heart
Really? And when has IRAN accepted any accountability? How is North Korea accepting accountability?
Sorry to say but credibility disappeared when Trump was nominated as presidential candidate. From Australia, I still can't believe he won
Iran is a great country and the Jewish controlled USA is the problem.
How has Iran been held accountable by this agreement? Please tell us
How many times should Iran ignore their part of the deal before we do something? Have they ever complied?
A deal with the devil is s deal with the devil should have never made a deal with them.
Iran has not been held accountable and we finally have a President who addresses issues head on instead of ‘kicking the can down the road’
Guess what. With him in charge the credibility is gone. The US is not what it was.
Oh bs.
Keep underestimating @POTUS; he's running circles around you & rest of Washington "intelligentsia"
This move takes us to a dangerous precipice. North Korea is unstable because of Trump and now Iran will be as well. He's abusing power
#TrumpIsAMoron, so work to #ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow
Credibility was undermined when negotiated & signed. Repeated failures by Iran cannot be ignored. We need to regain our 'credibility' here.
Since they are all we have and Congress doesn't give a shit...I'll go along with anyone who's interested in stopping this illegitimate Pres
There is one major country that doesn’t want us to certify the Iran Agreement. trumps russia. Putin does not want us to certify it.
Why not?
Credibility?  From a man who committed stolen valor in your lies about serving in Vietnam... how novel
OMG... GET OVER IT. What Trump is doing is far more important than this. Trump has quite a colorful past himself, what's the difference?
The only thing Trump cares about getting rid of a black mans Obamas bills.Trump the white supremacist.
Please #25thAmendment45
Sen. Blumenthal will the senate and house let trump become a dictator and destroy this nation? Destroy poor less fortunate
How so?
Shows great strength and respected leadership vs what you and Obama , Pelosi and Schumer show! Lying wimps! Anti- Americans!
Resident Trump also gives another black eye to our Democratic process and our THREE BRANCHES of GOVERNMENT! Why is it so easy for him to do?
Exactly what Putin wants. Also, Has he invoked the sanctions yet? The deadline has passed.
And just think of those BILLIONS we gave them in cash!  What good is a buyout, right?
Said a reasonable adult to an overgrown toddler President. He doesn't care.
no, it puts the issue in Congress where it should have been from the start.  do your job now
GOP need to  this Potus and step up to protect 
P.S. I ran is a Terrorist nation.
You just can not stop criticizing Trump.... I can not wait to vote you out.
You're right.  I think we should keep sending pallets of cash to Iran.
He’s listening to Netanyahu who’s telling him what to do. This is all for Israel’s benefit. What they say goes. They dictate Mideast policy
Another Obama deal the he is embloding He just wants to erase the footprint of the GREATEST President we ever had DT is a disgrace 2 OFFICE
Liar!... you're a puppet foe the globalist masters and everyone knows it...your days of lies will come to a head you jackal
All part of Trump's isolating America.
Some bodies paid by Isis Ra EL 
Not to mention other countries observing our actions... Ahem N Korea.
You call yourself a Jew, you’re a self hating Jew, I hope you prayed for your sins!
UR JOKING RIGHT? Obama gave them Billions in the dark of night! To what support there arsenal against other Countries!
If acting tough w/ one rogue nation can lift poll numbers, just think of what two rogue nations will do
Congress never certified the Obuma Iran Agreement nor has any outside inspector been granted unescorted access to confirm their compliance!
They're already not being held accountable.
Yes. And what about Health Care What about the ACA?
Ya think?
you are a fraud
The same Iran who went against the deal ans set off ballistic missiles The same Iran we are not allowed to inspect. Senate off vacation now?
So tired of talk yet no action to stop this butcher from hacking our country apart. Why do we even have house reps if they don't do anything
They're all So Called judges b/c they're all Gov't officials protecting Gov't criminals from the law! http://brsinv.com 
So what was the half billion in unmarked CASH all about? What credibility are u referring too?
Quit watch foxy and look at the facts.
BS!
Wrong! It might help to actually hold Iran accountable. Iran deal was weak and basically gave Iran everything they wanted and we got NOTHING
#ThatHappenedOnElectionDay
You gave terrorist country billions. Maybe if you really were in Vietnam you would know that doesn’t work. Stolen Valor.
Please, this deal is so bad. Do you left wing people care about America or talking points and re-election. They can mail me n samples, why??
Please. Get a pair and make adjustments. You just don't want to vote on something so bad.
How can anyone think that Iran deal is a good deal! No way should that agreement be certified!
Blumenthal signed off on the deal
Don’t u get it? That’s exactly what he has been trying 2 do. undermine America’s credibility with allies. He has done that since Jan 20
How many of our Allies even Israel said if he failed 2 do this his untrustworthy will be upheld by these Nations
Obama was and is still a piece of shit
PR is so corrupt the Clinton’s would learn new tricks.  we are just throwing bad $$ at it until there is some oversight.
Hey maybe Do another do nothing trip to PR. Btw did you meet with the power and gas cos. Maybe ask the mayors where all those funds go.
How are we holding them accountable now? We can't even go inspect.Kerry and Obama gave away the store. POTUS wants it back!
Your wong on that.
It's like *45 is on a mission to destroy the U.S.
Glad you got all your buzzwords, "failure, undermines, jeopardizes" in one tweet...you can now continue your day off...maybe a photo op?
He is correct
He hasn't been correct...he got the typical buzzword memo of the day
He IS correct. Pres. Trump's action is reckless and dangerous and could pave the way for Iran to quickly build a nuclear weapon if they also withdraw. In effect, GIVING them nuclear weapons. Explain how the Senator is wrong.
I see you truly believe they don't already have them or are close to?  Maybe we didn't give them quite enough $$$ yet?
They do NOT already have them and stopped development in 2003. What they do have is the capabilities to do so if they make that decision.
And you truly believe they haven't already made that decision and are working on it?   Do you think they need more money?  
Yes I do. Perhaps you have technical expertise in this area? (I do- 3 degrees and 35 years of experience in this field) And some super secret intelligence that the entire rest of the world has missed?
DO SOMETHING! impeach! #25thAmmendment ! ANYTHING to stop this psychotic wanna be dictator.
And it's worrying too.
