Trump: I can tell you the Republicans are not going to own it, we'll let ObamaCare fail http://hill.cm/Jzhfnx2  
Leadership starts at the top, Mr. President. Time to drop the excuses and work toward #healthcare reform we can all be proud of.
Time to drop bull shit search for collusion and focus on working for the people like you're supposed to...numb !
Astonishing for a normal person, par for the course for someone who suffers from a mental illness, APD. See http://PsychoDT.com 
Obamacare, like you, is a disgrace. Nothing about the ACA was bipartisan, it was bought with bribe $$. ACA needs to go away.
Abdication of responsibility??  Says the obstructionists whose whole agenda is to #resist no matter the cost to the American people...
He is just a. Imports ass no other word.
Bipartisan??? Another lie from your lips
Go pound sand, everyone knows we are getting nothing but obstruction from democrats!
Trump. Your fired
Yeah - our current Potus* just basically told 35M Americans to f'off and die for all he cares because he didn't get his way
Outrageous
Actually President Trump is honoring the wishes of his voters:
#FullRepeal of every last word of Obamacare. It's a bad law that should never have been passed. 
Trump voters are the worst imbeciles in the country.  They voted for a con man, a traitor and a tax cheat.
Not to mention willing to compromise real people's health.
Please fake Marine stop lying
What a poor poor excuse for a leader
You a looser. Why can't you just Amit it? And buy the way. Your fired
This President doe's not care about the American People, he only cares about his and his families bottom line!
It's sure  a long way from "The buck stops here!"
So you & your Dem colleagues shoved #ACA down the throats of the American people knowing it would fail. Who abdicated responsibility?
What did you expect?  Trump hates America.
SAD BIGGLY 
U are out of touch w.reality.  ACA was not sabotaged, it died under it's own weight.  8 million Americans paid the Gov "not"  to use.  liar
So democrats have no responsibility in this? There is no bipartisan reform Dems wouldn't come to table remember
If he does nothing then the existing #ACA bill @TheDemocrats passed stands as they designed it. Now that's called sabotage? WTF?
Half of American's DON'T want ACA LIAR! U made me pay 4 coverage I CAN'T use @ an OUTRAGEOUS price! Birth control, abortion, weight lose!
Hi numbnuts,OFRAUDCARE is dead,face it.And another thing,Ofraud is a fraud and the proof is in front of every eye,but do u liars say a thing
And you would justify giving Tax Payer Dollars to Ukrainian Troops. What about our Troops?? What using that money for the poor of your state
Bullshit @SenBlumenthal  #Obamacare was built on lies & designed 2 fail from the start #SinglePayerTrojanHorse
An astonishing abdication of responsibility. Trump would rather sabotage #ACA than embrace the bipartisan reform America demands. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/887370902605885441 …
So you are admitting that #ACA is failing.  That is the first step
@Potus @realDonaldTrump  disgraceful leadership on your part.
Cause thats wat Barry and ppl like u do right.
Republicans would rather sabotage Trump than fight for the American people.
Bipartisan reform? Democrats refuse to vote for ANY legislation that edits or repeals ACA. You promised to repeal for 7 years. Do your job.
His own goods "Made in China", Dem's time to stop being nice and give the GOP a taste of what they give us.....!!
Your responsibility is to citizens and you voted in favor of illegals on #Kateslaw. You would rather see people die than to agree with Trump
Trump does not care about anyone but TRUMP.. He started that show,"made in America" in the White House and he makes a profit.
A party full of Shawshank inmates: They're all innocent.
Millions of Americans will suffer because Trump wants our healthcare system to fail rather than fix it.
It is you who does all the grandstanding. The democrats are rediculous. You are like the Nazis. You accuse people of doing what you do.
Thank you Senator!
I'm confused. You support Obamacare and think it is working. So left alone all will be well. You got what you fought for. Congrats.
Think he does not get that he is POTUS for all Americans not just his base of Republican supporters. So he sabotaged everyone!
Mr Blumenthal - please look up the definition of the word "sabotage" before tweeting these kind of responses.
More lies from Dick Blumenthal. Trump isn't "sabotaging" ACA. It's failing all by itself. How much money have we wasted on this monstrosity?
@realDonaldTrump You will become a mass murderer
How has he sabotaged Mr #FakeVietnamVet ? How come it is failing? YOUR party designed it ALL BY YOURSELVES.
He's so disgusts  me every time I see him speak I get ill!
Oh yes, you own it!  Your are POTUS and the buck stops there.  Own it.
It's not sabotage if you leave it as the law made it. It's proof that it's a terrible law
And let millions suffer for your glory.  Just sick!
That's not true and you know it so knock off the BS... the Dems own this mess from the start...
D's need to publicly repeat offer by @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer to @SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr to work together on healthcare. Persist!
To think I get to vote for this guys twice... amazing!

captain goes down w the ship
No Donald.  Your party is in control.  You own it all. Like it or go back to Manhattan where you belong.
@CTDems @thehill Now You Got it! It's all about him and his big ego and his friends..He doesn't give a Shit about the USA.!
Blah Blah Blah
Sinister - he does own it!  He's refusing bipartisanship.  People's lives are at stake. Horrible man. Not a leader
Bullshit
He's not sabotaging it Obamacare was designed by Democrats to fail to enable single-payer proposal to slide right in, but Hillary lost, LIAR
Fake president is hurting Americans including those that support him.
Let people die that will teach them they did not bow to the king  so they deserve to suffer
Yes, but in Trump's defense, Obamacare has the word "Obama" in it, and Obama is black, which is a big sticking point for Trump's supporters.
"Sabotage"
Really - like the bipartisan effort to implement it when Dems controlled WH and congress; really obvious partisan distortion of reality
He is astonishingly monstrous 
His Tweets should come with a free tube of KY
Sorry to say I'm not astonished by anything Trump says or does. Totally inept, clueless & appears guilty of $ laundering, conspiracy to boot
Isn't it also a violation of POTUS Oath of Office?
You and your fellow Dems own this senator.....good try tho.
Crying out loud sen blumenthal you can't have it both ways.  You own this. It's crashing as it was designed to crash.
@thehill the will of the people in NOV Was full repeal.  That has not changed
When I was in the Army ed have called that dereliction of duty. Where I work now it's called malpractice. A firing offense.
DICK the Dems already did that! You do own it! You've done zero to fix it!
But until their king abdicates his throne, Republicans will continue to bite their tongues until they're bloody.
ACA's not perfect but saved my life, home & retirement $ thanks to coverage for $1/2 million in treatments if u can believe inflated prices.
Repulsive may be the better word, but I guess we can start with astonishing. You listening, Don? To anyone but yourself? @realDonaldTrump
He basically said - let my people die! Absolutely and totally disgusting disgusting disgusting - how much more can you take?
Nothing should astonish us any longer.  Americans are so fed up with his incompetence
Yes drain the freaking DC swamp both parties
Your stolen valor is astonishing.
Love this. Thank you President Trump.
That should go over well ....
