I haven't heard you condemn Antifa
The hate group that spawned this was ur party
Spoken from a true Vietnam veteran
Talk to your boss.  @realDonaldTrump
Hell no that ain't his boss
You know what I mean. 
DJT is our employee. He's no civilians boss. And if he came to my house he would not be allowed in.
You urged Occupy. blm, antifa into violence on our colleges, campaign trail, inauguration. Your rhetoric has caused this.
Didn't we have a major war to combat this behavior?
Bloviating continues as does lack of accomplishment.
Nothing about BLM or Antifa?
Terrorist group leaders are running our WH.
I feel sorry for every GOP member who doesn't take a stand against the outrage.
The crazy Nazis were not fighting by themselves; the crazy Antifa was right there with them. Where is the outrage against them?
I wondered who they were dressed in black with helmets and that plywood wedge.
The videos sure look like the extreme left have bats, what is going on with that
We stand with you in condemning this terrorist attack on all decent people in America.
LET'S TALK ABOUT YOUR FAKE STORIES ABOUT YOU BEING A WAR HERO NOT!!! YOU ARE A COMPLETE FRAUD WHO LIKES BOYS IT HAS BEEN SAID NOW WHAT
Democratic hate spawned it
Black lives matter spawned it.
Who was the driver of the car that murdered a human being ? What you you say if we find out the person was a progressive liberal socialist
Trump calls Neo-Nazism/Fascism displayed in #Charlottesville a "side". It's an EVIL that he fails to condemn. No moral leadership from Trump
Hope to see you can make one of these!
Domestic terrorism is correct and these individuals need to be charged
As well as other groups that you have not denounced.  Your advocacy is one sided
How much influence do you think your #Resist and anti-Trump rhetoric influences killing like this? Stop it! Citizens want America to succeed
Chastise @potus by name for his support of nazis please!
Policies would be a good way to denounce supremacy and hate groups. If only there were members in Congress who would do so.
For once I have to agree with you
Thank you for saying it when many won't.
They had a permit, what is your view on on the radical left that they were fighting with,. They also came with weapons.
Not sure if Trump is racist deep down but he certainly is hate enabler.
Honest question. Why haven't we here in the States made hate speech illegal as so many others have already done?
45 sent "best regards" to the injured. Will Congress do something to protect America & it's citizens, from the worse mistake in our history?

You mean the Robert Byrd KKK Clan? Hillary loved Them!
Fault must be placed on both sides. You remain a bloviating do nothing Senator.
Who? These guys?
It should start at the top - where it began. Trump needs to own that he put Charlottesville into motion by the seeds he planted long ago.
2/ trump second after a heartfelt apology for his part. He needs to get rid of bannon
And what was Berkeley CA?
*45 accused BO & HRC of not calling the terrorists  *Islamic terrorist* BUT he refuses to call these domestic terrorist *White supremacist *
Yeah.
Hate must sto
Agree.

People have to Stop Blaming President Trump
What about Black Lives matter hate group!Where were U then! Not 1 Word! PIGS IN A BLANKET FRY EM LIKE BACON! You can't be 2 faced but U R!
just think if Obama had done what you wish.
Your god Damn right and whoever is arrested better Damn well be charged with terrorism
Those who are there pictures videos everything Damn it RECORD IT these are terrorists they want to destroy our country they are radicals
Will you do so for black lives matters and other fascist college groups?
Ask for hearing. Don't do nothing like @POTUS
How about denouncing Black lives matter and then resign immediately
Did you ever condemn BLM or Antifa DICK?
You're correct....I denounce antifa, BLM, and the Democrat Party!
THE PRESIDENT IS MENTALLY ILL!!! 25TH AMENDMENT NOW!!!
#25thAmmendmentNow
Thank you. Please take action #ImpeachTrumpNow
That would be most recently our President
Finally, a statement that sounded presidential. This is how it must be done @realDonaldTrump. Thank you senator.
Soooo you're suggesting we ought condemn the @DNC for spawning/birthing/stocking "The Klan?!"
I'm PROUD of YOU !!

#BlumenthalForPope
Post-scripum:

#BetterLateThanNever 
The hate group that spawned it is the @GOP
Good job, comrade! You've earned 2 rubles!
Donald Trump is the Leader of the Make America White Agin movement, that is why his statement today was wishy washy No Heart in trumps words
At this juncture the @DNC needs to grab a spine and call out the fu#^ers responsible for this DIRECTLY. This is @GOP machinations.
Look in the WH sir.
Pls tell President condemn White Supremacy/Alt Right/KKK/Neo-Nazism
Pres had no trouble saying Radical Islam,he needs 2call this what it is!
Do you have trouble saying BLM
#BlackLivesMatter 
These White Supremacist Terrorist tried to fill streets w/ hate is unconscionable!I condone their bigotry & intolerance!
There is no place for any of it but the left championed BLM and said nothing! No one is condoning their bigotry, have you condemned ANTIFA
I condemn antifa
Those who were silent stoked this govt 2 power 
The silence majority is now condemning w/ words what they created!
Do you condemn BLM
That's trumps base your talking about. He'll never denounce them or Putin
Being the President didn't I will ,it is domestic terrorism.
Then why aren't they being charged as terrorists. And why isn't Trump denouncing them Senator ?
Not by the guy in the #whitehouse or his cabal.
I agree with you  sen.
Please get with the @OversightDems and draft Articles of #Impeachment NOW . Unacceptable to have a #Nazi in the @WhiteHouse #TheResistance
Thank you for saying other hate groups
and denounce the people who hate @realDonaldTrump and threaten his life
Trump is mentally unfit to hold office.

PresObama says:  None of us is entirely innocent - that includes our police departments
BREAKING: Did @CNNPolitics Stage the #UniteTheRight racist protest with their past contributor Jason Kessler?
