What #GrahamCassidy is doing is kicking everything to the states so the Pubs can say "We didn't kill those people. Their own governor did."
Federal government can't run healthcare #VA pass #GrahamCassidy
I know, you’d rather wipe out the insurance Industry and eliminate millions of jobs instead. Single payer is a job killer.

Really? Not according to anything that has come out of Congress in over a decade.
You better find it soon. We are very close to a non-insured Middle Class. October 1 a new set of taxes kick in and make medicine more costly
If Trump was any type of negotiator this would be over, but thankfully he's not.
You should be so proud of yourself, so adept at lying. 1st stating you're a Vietnam Vet& now lying about this bill. Shameful!
Speak for yourself & the progressives who won’t be happy until we have socialized medicine;visit some countries that have it for perspective
You are right that we should be better. But the deplorables are in charge igniting both a serious culture war and a nuclear war #godhelpus.
You better run and hide
No were not! Congress signed OCare into existence w/out even disclosing what it was to the public. Which openly was a orchestrated screw job
What about your home state of Connecticut no budget yet only state in the country your pal Malloy worst governor in the nation
That's not your heavenly father trump
In sports they like to say, "You are what your record says you are." Not what you believe yourself to be. Like it or not we are Donald Trump
ATTENTION
1000s are dying in Puerto Rico
Trump Won't Help
Even though alot is happening WE CAN 
Save a Life
DONATEhttp://Hispanicfederation.org/donate 
HELL TRUMP IS RIGHT.PEOPLE HERE NEEDS HELP.          LET THEIR OWN COUNTRY HELP THEM WE CANT TAKE CARE OF THE WHOLE WORLD
DICKIE, YOU HAVE GREAT HEALTHCARE PAID FOR BY TAXPAYERS & BRAVE MILITARY WHOM YOU STOLE THEIR VALOR
Fix ACA and stop the repeal and replace forever!
Well why dont you let the middle class work their ass off to pay for these people that dont work ya are just crooks.Let them pay their ins.
We are, @sengraham2016 and @sencassidy are not.
Pass #GrahamCassidy ASAP
Better than lying about your military service also.
Womens health is a way softer term than abortion or baby murdering
@sr_simone 
Why is GOP so firm in their wish to kill ppl??
Just fix ACA (it is not ObamaCare) & let's #help PR & USVI.
Excellent. Straight to the point! Fix the parts that need fixing. GOP ALWAYS thrive on undoing legislature passed by DEMS. It's indisputable
#GrahamCassidy 
Wow, you just lie about everything.

#vietnam
Doctors, hospitals, insurance companies, and every organization designed to help ppl is against GrahamCassidy
#45 that makes enemies in his own country, and the whole world! He has no love nor concern about U.S. citizens. He weakens the bond of Peace
We should all be better than lying about our military service too right?
We're better until Menendez gets convicted. Buckle up. These people are as relentless as they are wrongheaded.
No you are not - Dems use hyperbole to scare people - no facts or at least accurate facts!
Amen
Then why did you shove Obama care doen peoples throats???
We are the Dems. We are the ACA. And, by God, if anyone’s going to throw people off their healthcare it’s going to be US.
Yeah, unfortunately we are stuck with you.
Yes we have hearts filled with compassion
Too bad the GOP and Pres aren't.
If this goes through..I might as well dig a hole and lay down in it. I have multiple health issues...
glad to see at least one guy in the senate is aware of women's health issues

What about the middle class that are paying for their health care?????
If you really care about women give them the type of healthcare you politicians give yourselves
A liberal point of view.
Richie, Richie there you go again with yoir "miss truths". Medicaid isnt being slashed. You and I know it suffers from uncontrolled growth.
Your bankrupting our country. Shame on you. Term limits!
I like to think we are but I'm not so sure anymore.
Well said, Senator!  Now is the time to bring healthcare to more people through better managed buying power from the Feds.
@senorrinhatch & @SenMikeLee why do you still support this bill?  I work too hard for you to steal my healthcare!
Are you better than the Constitution?  Because it gives the Fed gov't no power to provide any of those things!
IF we were better, then this bullshit wouldn't exist for us to overcome.
#GrahamCassidy is a smoke & mirrors bill intended to fool the American people into thinking all will B covered. Shame on U @LindseyGrahamSC
if there is cuts, must be for illegals, refugees and dem welfare sponges! Who only want more free stuff to vote dem!
We certainly DESERVE better.
That remains to be seen. Evidently the GOP isn't better than that.
WE DESERVE BETTER THAN THIS GESTAPO 
https://twitter.com/BanditRandom/status/912396043802644481 …
From your lips to God's ear.
Did you say this when O-care was passed???
Vote No Defeat the Graham Cassidy Death care bill
One would hope.
One would know so in a reputable humanitarian country painfully this is not true of USA
Yes please vote against it! Let's watch Obama care crash and burn!!
We're better than a #stolenvalor coward of a senator too. Yet, there you are.
YES, WE ARE!!
I thought we were better than electing Donald Trump. I was wrong there, and I'm afraid we haven't struck rock bottom yet.
"No we're not." ~ @SenateGOP
 
I am listening to the hearings - they must think we are incredibly stupid to fall for this BS.  Sickening.
dont want my tax dollars spent on abortions and people who DO NOT WANT COVERAGE are not "CUT"
You know there's already a law that federal no ey can't pay for abortions, right?
does not SLASH MEDICAID - only you would say that growth in spending SLOWS in future years - THERE IS NO ACTUAL CUT
I sure hope so
The Federal government  has jumped the shark. Time to cancel this show and get new writers
I don't think we are
Still waiting on that Russia intel...
@GovMalloyOffice literally did all of those to CT residents and there wasn’t a peep from you.
Lol "women's health"? What about men's health? You have any concern for that?
"Women's health"--same old liberal doublespeak and identity politics. Yawn. 
Your terrible.  Right now millions of #Americans either can't afford healthcare or don't have it.  Meanwhile, you are stuck on free loaders
You sure don't show it
Been in any wars lately Dick?
Get your hands out of my pockets and my pants! No Government Healthcare Period! 2018/20 are watching you !
Thank you Senator!
We're better than a law that forced doctors out of practice, raised premiums on the middle class, & guaranteed profit to big companies #ACA
We're better than a law that raises premiums on the poor, forced doctors out of personal practice
Says someone who refuses to use Obamacare himself
You are no better than the abysmal care our veterans get at the VA.
#killthebill
Scapegoat alert the Reps. Want to rip the money from Healthcare then reach it 2 governor's knowing they will fail making them crash dummy's
And the governor's will be on Mission Impossible for all the other states affairs
It doesn't hurt women's health.  Planned Parenthood provides abortion NOT health care at taxpayer expense. I get health care fm doc not PP!
U are so right but the trump bunch does not care.  They want what they want and the hell with the rest please stand with us vote it down
No you aren't. If you were you would FIX the VA instead of just passing fake, toothless legislation the fixes NOTHING there.
Not the republicans. Can you say appeasing donors by hurting average and poor Americans! It's shameful.
Hell it,s not the reps it,s the damn DEMS and thinks to Obama.terrable president
"caution. This account is temporarily restricted....
It doe not cut coverage. you are lying.  converts to block grants for states.  TELL THE TRUTH!
Senator, tell @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy if THEY & THEIR families are exempt from their HC program, it isn't good enough for MINE!
They are exempt from current Obamacare!   The democrats didn't want their own bill for their family
Not really.
Thank you for working hard to #ProtectOurCare! #ACA frm CT's 5th
You don't even use Obamacare so hush! #LimousineLiberal!
Taxpayers can no longer afford to pay for subsidies and the outrageous profits of the drug and insurance companies.
It is time to restore individualism in the United States of America, Senator. Please stop the pandering. http://www.donaldfuckhead.com .
They also forgot they will ultimately answer to JEHOVAH GOD at the end time! We are racing to this end at this moment! WAKE UP YOU WHO SLEEP
than put something forward and stop talking. All you do is grandstand on every issue. propose something put forward a bill do something
This might be a joke but it does so scary
Robbers and Theives with a sickness called, "The love of Money rather than the love of God! They lack compassion entirely! SICK men!
You ain't better than NOBODY
Be fair.  We've seen you in action for many years.  You're not "better than" anything.  Your only "skill" is endless talking with no action.
Problem is trump and s certain republicans are not
Nah. We are not. This is the real America. Yahoo!'s screaming about how much they love the flag
Talk all you want. More will listen when you find a realistic way to pay for the fantasy you preach
Trump and the Republicans are NOT! Callous and Coldhearted with their sights set on getting the ACA money for Rich people's taxes and theirs
The facts are the facts . You need to read and understand
Please do everything you can to stop this!! I'm a CT resident, and this is wrong !
