No matter which GOP #healthcare plan we vote on, millions will lose coverage if it passes. Life & death for kids, the elderly, & many more.
It's not too late for my Republican colleagues to do right by their constituents, ditch this plan, and seek bipartisan fixes to #healthcare.
Casting hard votes is part of being a Senator. This one should be easy – first, do no harm.
Which is it shit for brains???
Oh the office of the prez doesnt disappoint. Nice language bannon!
Well thank you.
But, since we are not "drinking buddies", I would appreciate it if you provide correct capitalization  - Bannon
Cut back on the booze..
Grammar... once again try "..."
Maybe u shluld be head of education instead of ditsy devos. Again...dude...ur nose...
I am flattered, you pay such close attention to my great looks.
Psst, maybe you should learn to spell. Education much?
 try taking a physiology course on that one. Have another drink bannon.
Turnabout: Don't forget about the Trump voters who claim they read the bill in May.  That must be the Tea Party EXPRESS!
That's not unprecedented. "We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it." - Nancy Pelosi
Why not strip the labels and do what politicians are paid to do. Work together or get out of politics
And the true obstructionist is???? McConnell. And a proud one at that.
That is what you DEMOCRATS and that whacko Pelosi did with that joke Obamacare or affordable health care as you democrats call it!
You people are lying to people about the healthcare bill just to stop it
Wow the same thing was said about Obama care when it was up for vote.
Do u ever know what a bill says? U r dreaming? What r u smoking in your pipe
medicinal mj
I'll bet the Republicans know- I say vote NO
HYPOCRITE! 

@NancyPelosi : "We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it."
Affordable Healthcare they wanted $821 for my family a month! So we didn't get it because we couldn't afford it! How affordable is that
Just say democrats screwed the American public when they passed obama care and didn't know the full truth what is was going to cost
Kinda the same when you screwed up healthcare in 2008..
You have to pass it to see whats in it

The affordable healthcare act and this bill are no different.  Both teams simply can't work together and blame each other.
Payback is a bit*h.
@Steven_K_Bannon What's in it? Go to the last page, it says:  http://www.RichardBlumenthalSucks.IT 
Sounds very similar to 9 years ago.  Except it went al the way without anyone understanding the detail.  Exactly why we're here today..smh
Yep, another lie...your lips were moving.
Makes sense to me....just trust Trump right?  What could go wrong
You are fired! We don't want socialism and communism in this country. No disaster #Obamacare
Hmm just like you all did ,You can read it after it is passed.or better yet you can keep your doctor and your plans.lairs all of you
If you have no idea what it says DICK then how do you know how many will be affected
Where were you when Speaker Pelosi said we had to pass the law to see wha't in it??  How's the shoe fit now?
http://www.politico.com/livepulse/0310/Pelosi_People_wont_appreciate_reform_until_it_passes.html …
Just like obamacare.  Read it after it is passed.
Why, what difference does it make?
Regardless, you are gong to vote NO.
#MAGA


According to your party you have to pass the bill to find out what's in it. Remember??
We didn't know what was in Obama care. You had no problem with that did you? #hipocrisy Know your job. This is a vote to debate HC. Not pass
It didn't bother you when Obamacare was passed 
Kind of like the ACA?  Your hypocrisy is very obvious.  Anti-Trump agenda not resonating and has resulted in "Better Deal"  #8moreyears
No it's a lot more than tens of millions, now the working class won't be paying for everyone which is why we voted trump.
Not knowing what was in the bill didn't seem to stop the Democrats from voting for it in March 2010.
Aren't you just voting to begin debate & discussions on it?  Do you even know what's going on in the Senate swamp?
Shame on you for writing a healthcare bill that is so bad you exempted yourself and all government employees from it.
Sucks when they take your party's playbook and beat you over the head with it, doesn't it?
"You have to pass a bill before you know what's in it" lol
Read it and find out.
@SenJohnMcCain Great to have insurance glad you're doing good now take away my Medicaid #GOP disgrace #KillTheBill
Reminds you of Affordable Care Act?
"We have to pass it so you can see what's in it."
http://www.politico.com/livepulse/0310/Pelosi_People_wont_appreciate_reform_until_it_passes.html …
Sound familiar? You did the same thing. We the ppl are suffering because of you.
Remember back in 2009, when that was what all the cool kids were doing?
Like you actually read bills.  Stick to your sky is falling hyperbole.
Please ask Senator John McCain to be a hero for America today and vote against repealing the ACA healthcare.
Wow, heard that before, about seven years ago
Nothing is passing? This is to go to a debate! Not one thing will happen to Obamacare after the vote today. NOT 1!!!!
I'm so sad and upset for our country.
Anything has to be better than Obamacare!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Move your family to Hartford and I might believe something you say!!!
They don't care. #HealthCareForAll
INSURANCE BILL
You should ask @NancyPelosi about what to do in this situation.

She babbled something about passing it to find out what's in it.
"We have to pass the bill to find out what's in it." Nancy Pelosi, 2009 (or 10) Democrat Speaker of the House on "ACA"
And that's not the full context of the statement. More propaganda. http://www.politico.com/livepulse/0310/Pelosi_People_wont_appreciate_reform_until_it_passes.html …
If you need context for such a statement, you have lost the argument.
So, I could quote Trump as "I hate kids" if he actually said "I hate kids died in Syria, that's a terrible thing."
People misquote him on purpose all the time, so I wouldn't put it past you.
Can GOP believe gerrymandering voter suppression/denial Russian help get them elected after stealing their HC away from them.
just vote already so we know who to vote out of office
I will trust your judgement when you see the bill. Our president is frightening.
Huh. Would it change your vote? Didn't think so.
Hey Bloomie! Why would you need to know what it says? You and all your dem colleagues would vote against it no matter its content!
.@SenateMajLdr @GOPSenate @NRSC, rushing legislation 2 take Americans Healthcare away is MALFEASANCE. Stop Sabotaging ACA. Vote NO on MTP.
How is that allowed??!!!!!!???
TODAY

SENATE VOTES TO TAKE HEALTHCARE FROM 22 MILLION PEOPLE

Make a difference

Text RESIST to 50409 to Fax congress

Or call
202-224-3121
God help America!!!!! I  
Counting on CT senators to do the right thing.
Geeeeeee just like Obamacare don't you think but you were fine with that
@lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain @RandPaul Protect Americans! Vote No! The Wolrd Is Watching! #theworldiswatching #twiw
probably feels like dejavú from voting for Obamacare
Isn't there a motion to debate?
So what's new, they are just following the Democrats modes of operating. Buck up and deal with what Americans want.
What time do they vote
you're a liar, a cheat, and in the pockets of lobbyists. The jig is up. You will be defeated #!  Patriots have had enough!!!!
Did you ask?

This is not normal!
#kill the bill #voteno
Welcome to 2010 Dick.
Oh but the Liar in chief says the Democrats are obstructing and his little minions believe him.
A self made billionaire, who won't prove it, is handling a bill no one seen, with no lever sight, effecting his voters as well.
Similar to Obamacare
Obfuscation, is the tool politicians hold near and dear. The American people deserve better...
sounds familiar , who has done that?
So don't vote for it.... Déjà vu all over again?
Yes I have been sent messages to call your office. I know both you & Sen. Murphy will vote "No" on this crazy bill.
With all the leaks you truly do not know what it says? Then why all the negativity? You are a fear monger!
so i'm not a politician, but i'm thinking leadership hiding a bill till vote time is a certain way to garner a no vote
WTH is wrong with GOP
they just want to go home and tell their supporters that they repealed the ACA so they can get re-elected. remind the voters they keep INS
re re re read it stupid..
Just like last time. Pass it to find out what's in it. Dems and Reps Two peas in a pod.
Except for hundreds of hours of debate, hearings & 100+ Repub amendments added to the bill. Even Rs don't know what in today's bill.
Sad...and just like the last time...  "But we have to pass the [health care] bill so that you can find out what’s in it....” -NP
absolutely disgusting. GOP are pure scum
Our system of government is only as good as the representatives we've elected. We need to do some serious soul searching and house cleaning.
Its ridiculous. Im concerned for family who have pre existing conditions and our nation on whole, taking away what should be a right for all
2/2 ..heed the recommendations of our nation's governors" Sen. John McCain July 17, 2017
We the people know what this vote is about:

Allegiance to a bully or to the public!

We are watching!
Please help stop this partisan lunacy @SenBlumenthal

1/2 "Congress must now return to regular order, hold hearings, receive input from both parties and....
I believe it says do it for the Koch Bros.
Yep and @SenBlumenthal did it for soros. You people need to stop with this doublestandard nonsense.
I have coverage but fear for my elderly parents and friends 
@SenateMajLdr Our government has gone MAD.
Damn that Nancy Pelosi!
then read it.... you dont read anything else.
Yes you do. Stop lying.
If you have "no idea," how are you tweeting about it?
No matter which GOP #healthcare plan we vote on, millions will lose coverage if it passes. Life & death for kids, the elderly, & many more.
That's our @SenateMajLdr .  Ready and willing to rip healthcare from millions...potentially killing many, many of us.
Oppose Senator Blumenthal
