we the people will fight you with everything we have got ! Stop gravelling an kissing a.. Blum
Besides the junior senator from Connecticut, you sir a one of the biggest political hacks in the USA.
of FAME & come up with stories that will help him? He is getting PAID by tax payers & doing NOTHING important? It is sickening that CT-
I fought for my dreams and I did it legally.   They can go back and come back legally like the rest of law abiding decent immigrants.
Your logic is asinine...
Your logic says that if someone Robs a Bank and gets caught the parent go to jail but the kids can keep the money.
Ya ya...  -you clearly understood what I meant. Get better!
I'm a proud parent. Get better.
I support Daca
Really? Are you going to attend college till the day you die so you don't have to pay your student loans back too?
Instead of serving DREAMERS with lips service,  Congress-men & women and Senators should work to make suitable legislation to replace DACA.
You put foreigners ahead of Americans because your (((tribe))) has no allegiance to America. You're nothing but traitors.
WE BELIEVE YOU
I'm sorry I just don't get it... All this for people who DO NOT BELONG HERE yet nothing for the Americans who are here and want the same
Trump is giving u 6 months, so Dick get it done, let's see if u really care, make it a permanent, constitutional, and legal law
When will you fight for US citizens? When will democrats stop supporting illegal immigrants? ILLEGAL means they are here Illegally!
And if they stay how does that change your life.   Make them legal and deal with today's immigration and illegals trying to get in..
Why were they never made legal? They had all this time and now it's parents fault so now pay the consequences! Liberals love illegals!
2nd this... your failure @SenBlumenthal
I will remain sitting until the rule of law is followed...i will VOTE for officials who will actually be law abiding/inforcing.
Stop tweeting. Just Pass an immigration reform law. Problem solved.
we want you to know 3,000 dreamers are in prison.21,000 have had there daca taken.Not one tried to get legal while they are here why
Democrats fight for illegals dreams and not actual American citizens. Time to vote them out. Remember this senator come his election.
Congress has 6 months to fix this. You are part of Congress, not Trump
Says the biggest dreamer of all.
Why R Democrat lawmakers willing to work with @POTUS Tyrant Trickster on anything until seeing his TAX RETURNS? Why capitulate now?
openthedoor!richard!
it'snotbetu&DREAMers
itshldbebetu&LEGAL
LAW&ORDERBORDER
hav'ntuheard?phony
writtenalloverurface
nat'ldisgraceleavepleez
Really you see all of them even the ones that lurk in the shadows behind the cover of a few of them that are actually want to be American
how about fighting for Americans Dick  oh yah you did that in Vietnam
As long as you keep voting for the Democrats
Do you believe signing something that is unconstitutional is ok for a President to do? No wonder Congress approval is in the 20's.
Great post, why don't you do your job and fix then!!
Dream on Dick! Maybe start looking for a new job. Bet dreamers pay better anyway. You can be their civil servant. America deserves better.
When will you see us citizens? When will you stand for us? When will you fight for us?
These are the proverbial good Samaritans. Leadership with humane face
You represent the *citizens* of the State of Conndcticut. You seem to forget that, Dick.
He doesn't care about us. He's too busy doing anything else.
We should all thank our Prez for doing the right thing and forcing Congress to make a path for citizenship
Globalist Buttplug .. nobody stands with you
Sounds like treason to me.
Fight for the dreamer Citizens and stop posturing
Wish Congress had that attitude for health care and tax reform.So Sad Dick
Oh brother. Any illegal with a college education and a productive job should be able to stay but the others have to go. Good bye dreggs.
With North Korea threatening what difference will it make?
Thank you
Every Illegal wow that's treasonous
Are you taking some in to your home? Cher is.
And your constituents see you..  do your job senator and make some law to protect them don't rely on the mood of a king.
Well, you are a dreamer. Any new dreams?
Remember this date Trump supporters
You're a fraud give me a break
Count me in on this fight to save Dreamers!
Funny. I don't see @BernieSanders @SenSanders
Of course you will, your for the criminals, not for the american people.
All of the hypocritical Dems jumping on the bandwagon!! Where have you been for the last 8 years?
Everyone wants the best outcome.
You will stand with them just like you stood for America serving in Viet Nam,really??
If "everything we've got" includes Hank Johnson, I'm worried. The legislative effort must not be "capsized"
U mean for enacting legislation for them before Obama could break the law...  oh wait, they really didn't want to help them
And Obama feeling larger than life let's his party allow him to break the constitution this is what your thanking @dawnhemstockCT
I'm sure all American dreamers appreciate the statement.
You didn't finish your Tweet Richie. Will fight for you as long as you promise to become Democrats when we get you your citizenship
Why don't you stand up and fight for the citizens of this country instead of the illegals
Because its votes he cares about not you
#StolenValor #coward liars words hold no weight. Sorry excuse of a man
Would be nice if a congressional committee would step up to the plate and outline, at least, the choices for resolving this mess.
You choose to pick at the emotional edges.  Focus on root cause.  Do you job or give it up to someone who will.
The root cause remains lawbreaking.  Fix that!
God bless u all for having compassion and heart to all our dreamers! Now put all ur words into action please q
Why don't you fight for the legal citizens in the country instead of just the illegal ones you knothead
You do not speak for everyone. Only for part of your state. What arrogance!

You don't need a big fight. Work with GOP to pass a fair law for all. It's called doing your job!!
Yea just like you did for all black americans living in projects on food stamps and welfare. Please dont do the dreamers any favors
Fight like you did in Vietnam? You are a no talent yes man that has failed to deliver. Keep up the good work!

.@POTUS is righting the wrong done by Obama when he unilaterally pushed through a piece of legislation without congressional approval #DACA 
I dream of the day when you liberal lawmakers think of US citizens in that way that you will fight for us that is a dream of mine Ritchie
Thank you for telling your constituents that your priorities lie with illegals over them. 
really?

I don't remember you standing with them when Obama said something like #DACA is completely illegal though..

why's that Senator?

Plus crime, plus welfare cheating, plus #DemocratVoterFraud  http://lsh.re/1IQX4 
Shame on you for standing with those breaking the law.
FACA the DACA's with Connecticut's little Dick ...................Blumenthal.
FACA the DACA's with Connecticut's little Dick .................Blumenthal.
I'll bet u can't wait to screw this political football to death, Richard. I can't wait to watch all ur gerrymandering 
Ah, I see the Dem talking points memo has finally made the rounds.   How sincere... 
Maybe u should've stood w/ them by enacting legislation when Obama made flawed executive order and u had majority in Congress. Hmmm?#Fake
@SenBlumenthal I 2nd that
BORDERS, LANGUAGE, CULTURE. NO DACA. NO DICK BLUMENTHALS
*does not include the unborn, those little bastards still gotta die
DACA-DAC
- Who's there?
DACA
-DACA who? 
800,000 Illegal Alien DACAs
-Y'all can keep DACA'in', but Y'all CAN'T COME IN!
Love the Oldies  "You can keep a'DACA'in but YOU CAN'T COME IN!"  Drain the SWAMP! Replace the DICK Blumenthals
Since when are illegal aliens called dreamers! When my teacher called me a dreamer, she told me to pay attention
They were innocent@kids when brought here .. melania was once a dreamer ... dreaming of getting rich look where she is now 
She played her cards correctly it seems. Good for her.
She did ! I hooe shes happy with a sugar daddy and all that glitters !
Double edge sword tho, she has to sleep with him
I like all that glitters but NOT THAT sugar daddy ..God bless her
STAND FOR AMERICAN DREAMERS FIRST! STOP PICKING N CHOOSING WHO TO STAND UP FOR. #AmericansFirst STOP WASTING OUR TIME & GET WORKING FOR US.
Before you know it you'll be putting them up for CT Senator
Good luck. U r up against much misguided hatred & prejudice & a President who stands against liberty, civil rights, and the Constitution.
You did not fight for it when you had the house and senate Dick. Nor did you make changes after Obama used exec move to fix it.
Wish you grandstanding politicians would invest the same energy on HC. Every time an illegal has an issue you jump in front of a camera.
SO TRUE!!!!
Senator we the American working taxpaying voters do not stand with you & illegals ! your so to find who you work for n who votes for you.
No we don't
Instead of fighting and tweeting why don't you  get together with the republicans and get this fixed, you only have 6 months!
PLEASE DON'T allow the GOP to use this as a political tool. DON'T make concessions. Just stop them!! 
the orange nazi filth in our White House is harming our children and Country...
Richard Blumenthal I want you and every politician who supports DACA to know We Will VOTE you out if you support DACA!!!! Americans first!
WHY do U fight for criminals?Even involuntary manslaughter is a crime w/PUNISHMENT.U obv.dont respect US&its Const.LAWS.#retire
@SenBlumenthal how about standing with our Vets instead? I forgot you lied about them.
DACA's should be mad at their parents, not the gov't.
You lied about your military service.

#EndDACA
And to every American out there? Oh forget it u ppl stopped caring long long time ago.
Vote Immediately,
DACA is another Form of Slavery, Non-Citizens, No Rights and again like Slavery supported by the Democratic Party! It is a Stain on US Honor
Another Democrat that only likes to enforce the laws he likes.   A proven lier.
It is not a law
The fight for the soul of America. If the day comes when they start being deported, we become soulless. All are in danger. Bannon play book.
Could you please share my story and help me. I am only a year away from graduating. #DACA #DefendDreamers
I nor my kids got a free college degree. Your not helping your cause.
I hope and pray that you do...my Niece has a ICE hold on her and she is permanent resident these children deserve to become instant citizens
Obama he's gone left a mess
Strategically left a mess
..."Unlike those American Nightmare brats we can't stand....'Ef them!" - @SenBlumenthal
Change the law if you are serious. Otherwise your words are useless
They are all their for media@mileage ! Action speaks louder than words ! If u want to save them , right ,pass a legislation ! Pass a law !
start fighting for people in ct ahole
There it is.  Future voters.  DACA was an attempt to fight the republicans  never humanitarian.
Well meantime decent American people have no health care when are you going to put Americans first
BUT WE DIDN'T WANT TO CUT A DEAL WITH TRUMP TO GIVE YOU ALL A GREENCARD IN RETURN FOR COMMON SENSE IMMIGRATION REFORM.. 

SIGNED-

EVERY DEM
How about the blacks being murdered in Chicago. Do you see them ? Or only on Election Day?
You've had SIX years to fix this! Did you NOT see them then? #HYPOCRITES #ASHAMEDYOUAREMYSENATOR
Good, pass immigration reform finally. Do your job and stop complaining.
You can now vote on this in congress, you will either sink or swim on your vote. Career maker or breaker. I would ask the American people.


You also mean the many arrested for crimes and the members of Gangs?
Mi casa es DACA casa.
I guess that the part about Illigal immigrant is misses by these people in Washington  I waited over 1 year for my wife to come here legaly
So you should have just broke the law is what they are saying
Well I am a Veteran and I fought for our freedom and did things the right way for my wife to be able to come her eand now she is a citizen
which is more than these people have done!!!
