Without question, #GrahamCassidy is the most extreme proposal we've seen from Republicans in their myopic, misguided #ACA repeal obsession.
#GrahamCassidy would cut hundreds of billions from Medicaid and end protections countless Americans rely on for lifesaving care.
.@JimmyKimmel is right. #GrahamCassidy is even more monstrous than the last #healthcare bill. It deserves the same fate.
I won't stand silently while Republicans seek to strip #healthcare from millions. Connecticut and America deserve better than this disgrace.
If you get your ducks together and impeach that bastard out of office, we wouldn't have to keep doing this.
Do something!!
Price gouging is ok with you then? My HC is more than a mortgage? Do I give up food or shelter to pay?
It WILL get worse under #GrahamCassidyDeathBill. MUCH WORSE.
Then repeal and don't replace.
And then there's the loss of jobs in medical field because all those walk in clinics that popped up during ACA having to close because no $
Wow. How'd anyone see a doctor before insurance? It's called cash. $1600/mo for docs instead of hc paperwork goes a long way.
Most docs around here won't take cash. And I'm not out in the sticks.
Because Republicans think you should pay through the nose to private insurance companies who want to pocket more of your premiums than use.
Military, police, fire, roads, paved and plowed, schools, safe water, food, medicine. Clean air. That's what taxes go for.
You like driving on roads? TAXES. Like your road paved? Plowed in the winter? TAXES. Pols' health insurance is just like any other: job perk
Thank you for standing up for the American people.
OBAMACARE ALREADY IS DEVASTATING FAMILIES! U CAN'T SEE IT BECAUSE U Don't HAVE IT! & UR GATED Community SUPPORTERS HAVE$$$ DON'T NEED IT!
Please keep convincing Republicans not to vote for this new version; it won't work
Then let's defeat it and #FightForEverySeat support candidates like @GDouglasJones stop writing off south & get this #Bluewave moving #ALSEN
ONLY 5% OF THE ENTIRE USA NEEDED OBAMACARE AND FORCED DOWN OUR THROATS! OPEN CLINICS FOR ALL WHO CANT PAY! Stop UR LYING & CORRUPTION!
Are you really?! I doubt it
You must convince the other side how bad this is. Expose the lying.
And you weren't horrified with Obamacare????
WHY don't you do something for American's except take taxpayer funded salary? you are a multi-millionaire GREAT insurance & stolen valor
Lol. If you really meant this you would be screaming to scrap - repeal - Obamacare.
The American people have continually told the GOP we DO NOT want the ACA repealed! Fix it! But they do not care. And it's so frustrating!!
Sen.  Please do whatever it takes to stop this.  Millions of lives are at stake.  Please. Hurry.
just illegals familys
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy @SenCoryGardner @SenateMajLdr
Seriously...... Do you remember Obamacare ?????
But the ACA was already passed.  Arn't you on it?
I am being punished and habe a huge financial burden with the present healthcare.  Fix it for us working middle class!! To expensive!!!!!
Obama Care is a failure. We need less obstruction and more ideas on how to fix it.
Stop GOP in their tracks!
This is baseless and hysterical. You have no evidence any of this is true. Stop attacking Trump and fix the badly broken ACA!!!
Shame on the GOP. If this bill passes let it be the last thing they get to do.
you really are disturbing..the plan you implemented is falling to pieces and you are horrifiedthat #POTUS is trying to get you all to fix it
I am horrified that the people of your state were dumb enough to elect a liar such as yourself to office says a lot about Connecticut
Being horrified is the new norm.
And the Repug HITS just keep on a'comin'! Nothing, if not predictable in their arrogant meanness toward anyone that is less than.
fight back for what the obama care is breaking the middle class 1600 a month plus less coverage unreasonable deductibles
I'm horrified that you represent our state.
How about you can keep your Dr, you can keep your plan? Lies, lies, lies.
We will win. Their time draws near.
WHAT ABOUT WE THE PEOPLE WHO CANNOT AFFORD OCARE PREMIUMS, LOST CARE, DUE TO "US" BEING FORCED TO PAY EXPANDED MEDICAID FOR OTHERS???




it's gonna collapse anyway
Save Medicaid before focus on Medicare for all

You must mean follow your past performance, DO NOTHING but blow hot air!
This is getting exhausting for the millions of Americans that have to keep begging to hold onto something a handful of assholes want to take
Amen
you cant hide the ugliness of you lying that you were a vietnam vet
LIAR LIAR LIAR    DRAFT DODGER DRAFT DODGER#COWARD
Let's build a statue of Cicero. A brilliant Senator of the Roman Republic.
Pull your head out of the sand.  It is another bill to save us from obamacares devastation across america
I can't afford to get needed http://care.health  care cost have soared 4 working folks.great for those subsidized.not great for the rest
I hope it goes through...unless you want to send me money to afford my present unaffordable healthcare.
Please refuse consent to all Senate business until this cannot be voted on.
America= Land of the Capitalist, Sociopath,greed lovin tyrants.
I say we haul ass to Holland.
thank you for fighting for us senator.
These men are obsessed. After the repeal, they will all be politically radioactive and among the most unpopular people in America.
I contacted Senator Boozman's office told the courteous young man on the phone to tell Boozman to vote against this legislative shenanigans.
I'm horrified that you're simulatg protectg 22M unfortunates, when, in fact yr objectiv is protectg  single Obama showplate, an unread bill.
It's getting really tiresome dealing with @GOP trying to kill us!
Where were you in 2009?!

I'm horrified s stolen valor POS is commenting on the healthcare bill.
Normally I would like a comment like this, but you're a U.S. Senator...... Don't like it? Write a better one. 
#healthcare
I'm horrified crucial legislation gets dumped at ONE TIME! LANDGRAB out West! Plunder #NationalParks & Slaughter #wildhorses & #Healthcare
It seems they could win this time.  Sad.
I'm horrified by the TIMING of their bills. During #HURRICANES ! Evil intent!
This should be illegal! IMO Republican strategy is to overwhelm Americans by REPEATING CRITICAL legislation at one time. #healthcare
Thank you for fighting for us!
It's always the same with the GOP, GREEDY OLD Party!
TY SENATOR
Keep fighting for healthcare w/o pre-existing conditions.
Thank you for standing firm. We stand with you. #CassidyGraham
You're getting rid of that garbage ACA? Sweet
Have you done anything to fix it?
Universal healthcare please
The @GOP are purely evil.
Ours would be one of those.
It is said, those wonderful Christian, Sen. &house, want us all to die and live on poverty.
It's almost like they want us to die.
Thank you for supporting Bernie's bill #BERNIE2020
We are, also, Senator Blumenthal and Pastor John. We are trying to do our part by calling and writing.
Coward #stolenvalor you're a disgrace to every man and woman who has worn the uniform and served this country.  You're an embarrassment
People need to pay attention to how this vote goes & who votes for this horrible, cruel bill. They do not stand for what's best for us!
please vote no to this horrible bill.
I don't know who tweets for you... you might want to consider a replacement.
Nothing healthy about re repealing Obamacare's Federally protected PRO-affordability otherwise Jim CrowBARRED at State levels. #SaveACA 
ACA is a sinking ship & killing Small biz and employees who can't afford to go to DR. Diagnosed with cancer too late!
All Dick knows how to say is plan is no good! Won't admit the rising premiums people can't afford coverage they have. More doing without!
Start by withholding consent to proceed on other senate issues.  Introduce amendments requiring discussion.  Draw out process
Thank you for defending truth, honesty, justice and the constitution, as well as protecting our well being, ever so much better than @potus
Apparently republicans just don't care. A sad day for our country
Please think for yourself & not read the latest note put in front of you. I want facts not talking points, Please provide them not like ACA!
It's tough work blocking institutional murderers. Keep up the good work sir.
Yes, we are running ourselves ragged out here fighting it.
Agreed. Despicable behavior by GOP. Especially disappointed in @LindseyGrahamSC
I don't agree....I think bringing this back to the states would be great. They also need competition between states to keep cost down.
I am horrified that you lied about being a Vietnam vet...disgusting, you should resign
I've been horrified for months now (though feels like years) is there anything else we can do than calling all day line item by line item?
My obligatory response:  you represent me, but I disagree with you.
Could you please call this bill what it is: Premeditated mass murder. Say it till @BillCassidy And @LindseyGrahamSC SQUIRM and run away.
Glad to hear it! I'm horrified by your stolen valor
I stand wth you @SenBlumenthal !!
People's Party
And leave people to die bc they can't get care. All so Koch $400m payoff to the R's can occur. How is this not extortion, if not bribery?
Please don't let these greedy @GOP  kill my baby girl and millions of others. Keep fighting,it's appreciated.

Obamacare devastated health and finances of countless families! #FullRepeal!
Premeditated. Mass. Murder. That's what #FullRepeal under #GrahamCassidyDeathBill amounts to. Lots of people alive because #ACASavesLives
I think they have the votes. Maybe now you'll pay more attention to improving CT economy when you have to pay for CT Medicaid.
And BTW pass the MGM Bridgeport casino bill
Did u see homecare for kids with disabilities not funded by Malloy or its not your problem and that’s why u keep ignoring it
Maybe if we stopped giving tax breaks to profitable corporations and rich Wall Streeters, we'd have money to fund state operations.
You really know nothing about the state of Connecticut's financial problems do you!
I do not want to die and I appreciate you and other reps who aren't completely devoid of empathy fighting to protect us.
Let's be honest. Call it what it is: 
a healthkill bill
I am horrified that we have an incompetent president and no one is addressing that. American citizens are having to fight back daily.
Republicans will do nothing to stop Trump. They see him as their conduit in which to pass their horrendous agenda. They love the wacko.
Not as horrified as those of us who are victims of your Republican colleagues' mean-spiritedness. Your & their coverage is paid by taxpayers
Senator Blumenthal, Remember the "Best Defense" is a "Good Offense." Screen pass to the left side run it into the end zone.
#MedicareForAll
Y'all should have kept you hands off of it to begin with!!!!!!
@StevenMWolfe3 why don't you use Obama care? Oh never mind you get a subsidy, or your filthy rich parents are probably paying your insurance
Once again? Whoever said it stopped was fooling people...These Nazis don't quit.
We need to get money out of elections!
When taxpayers fund research to develop new treatments for diseases we should at least have affordable access to those treatments
it is because the party the has the majority is against ACA and they will not stop I wonder what their constituents think of their actions?
Obfuscation, Richard..you don't care about healthcare, only funding to murder babies via @PPact and garner votes:
I'm horrified that your my Senator...What your talking about already is happening with obamacare
My daughter, sister & I have #Lupus (#RA #APS -clotting dis) 
Every night I go to sleep & fear waking up w/out our healthcare.
I call tweet
NO ONE in US ever has to worry about healthcare - What you are worried about is never going to happen.  Worrying is a total waste of time.
I am just horrified but 100% of what Trump and GOP say and do
I'm horrified with your deception to our citizens.
You already did that. Tell us all what consessions you have proposed to make HC affordable. You know 3000 a year savings keep our plans.
Thank you for working to #ProtectOurCare. We're working, too, but we have less clout.
Are you equally as horrified as the one costing Americans to choose between car insurance/ health insurance now ?
I m horrified that Senators like you will pass single payer healthcare and not explain how badly socialism healthcare really is
Appreciate your strong opposition to #GrahamCassidy, but why the hell did you vote for Trump's $700 billion military budget? Sikorsky???
Republicans are so desperate for a win, they don't care who they destroy. It's really sad what they have become.
I'll take care of me, you take care of you, I'll keep my hands
 out of your pocket, you keep yours out of mine
How do you work with republicans at all. I couldn't even stand to be in the same room with them.
what do u think is happening already? That idiot bill u wrote back then n didn't read could not last and had you read it u would have known
They will not stop until they've successfully repealed the ACA.
We are not only horrified but worn out wit being horrified! That said, we can't stop fighting the insanity of GOP healthcare bill! Call, pls
Thank you Senator. We shouldn't have to be fighting our government.
We are horrified too.  And, this stress is hard on us.  Constantly having to beg lawmakers not to kill us, is very stressful.
you need to sent trump and GOP to jail and after ship them to russia all are kkk and only love russian
You are definitely not the only one horrified Senator. It should truly be a thing to stand up and fight againist. Everyone... Stand Up !!
THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's really more of a euthanasia plan I'm sure they'll abolish hospice funding as well so I guess it's all do it yourself thanks Republicans
Same
Awwwww....you're horrified.  Before Jan, I was horrified for 8 yrs.  Keep up the hate Dick...
Yet with your single payer 180 million will lose insurance and the govt program will be like the DMV...well done
No, wrong.
I'm horrified as well!!....and I'm The Devil! #jailtrump #GOPsoldtheirsouls
you mean like Obamacare that you voted for?
