with all due respect sen. blumenthal, you use the word "acolyte" to describe gorsuch! why do you HATE God, country, trump?
Amos 3:3
Can two walk together, except they be agreed?
Please!  Thank you.#SCOTUS
WHY???? You seriously are going to get yourself out of office at the end of this term. I will definitely not vote for you now.
I doubt Sen. B's seat is in jeopardy. 2 things-Gorsuch doesn't make decisions in favor of individuals, and Dem vote is a statement to GOP
The silent majority in CT is watching this circus in D.C. A lot of us voted for Trump and I do believe his seat will be in jeopardy.
Thank you--it is too bad people cannot see Judge Gorsuch is not for "We the People" & always votes on side of big business. Just saying.
can't wait to vote against you in 2018! CT needs real leadership not a cattle congressman!
You do that.... As a partisan hack, you have no other choice...
Delighted to hear it .@SenBlumenthal! #45 has no mandate for a lifelong #SCOTUS appointment.
I shout out against Democrats and anyone not supporting Make America Great Again..
What time period do you mean "again?"
The 40s when we had a depression & ww2, 50s when women were barefoot n pregnant, or 70s key parties?
And you will wind up a failure.  Maybe you can wonder off into the woods and eat bark with @hillaryclinton 

Remember Richard, you failed.
Merrick but you Dems would have done exact thing if you still had power. You guys did the Biden rule. I would start checking
Vote against him for no good reason.. you fake marine
Shameful how you place party politics ahead of everything else. You sold your soul, hope you got a good price for it.
Not smart. You will be out of the senate next time your seat is available. November 2016 was all about #SCOTUS.
Your vote would be an embarrassment to the state of CT.
Use the make believe M16 that you used on your make believe service -  As#hole!
It's a shame that the Democrats playing pure partisan politics
Wow, you are an even bigger tool than I thought. Gorsuch has a lifetime of honest rulings and you've  a life of lies(Vietnam)
He rules overwhelmingly for corporations,  not people.
Watch Al Franken's questions again.
Because he votes consistently for corporations over people.
Watch the questions Al Franken asked.
Thank you
So the big liar is not voting for Judge Gorsuch. Anybody really care what lying Dickie really thinks? Only fools do, not real Americans.
We need a special investigator to look at leakers and spying on US citizens for political profit.  We will confirm Gorsuch
he is more than qualified, your attempts at making him anti- everything have failed miserably. You are still whining about
You're a child!
He was voted by Democrats to the 9th circuit court now he's not qualified? You with Rosa need to be removed from office!!
THANK YOU!!!
Have so.e self tespect.
Learn to spell. #educateyourself  #fail
What changed? Democrats, including Obama, Hillary, Schumer, Kerry, Biden, & Feinstein wanted him in 2006. Your not voting w/your conscious.
Thank you!
Thank you, Sir!
Remember the Nuclear Option. You r pathetic and you'll never get a vote from me or my family if u do this.
Vote yes like you did a few years ago!!!!
Quit wasting our time. #gorsuch will be #SCOTUS
I live in Connecticut and want you to vote Yes.  I know you won't because he didn't answer your questions the way you wanted.
Do this & you won't have filibuster for another possible Trump nominee; one that will make Gorsuch seem like raving liberal by comparison!
stolen valor
Thank you 
what a surprise
Thank you
This constituent thanks you. Keep up the good work!
Using the filibuster in this case is a loser. Save it for another day
Thank you @SenBlumenthal!!!!!
A Judge Gorsuch will turn the Supreme Court into a full on Hate Group.
Thank you, Senator! Stay vigilant. We support you--thank you for supporting us! BTW, where is Merrick Garland now?
Thank you!
Stupid move ...vote for him
Shame on you.
thank you Sir!
I vote no lying about your war experience!  Thanks Dick
@watchyourSen @hartfordcourant  THANK YOU
Thank you @SenBlumenthal for your strong opposition to Neil Gorsuch and your commitment to blocking his confirmation. #StopGorsuch #CTpol
What BS.
Sorry to see that...
Thank you!
Entirely predictable. An impartial, principled legal mind who looks to the law for guidance is  unrecognizable to you. #notmysenator
Go for it the guy is an a--
Grow up. If American businesses ran their companies like you guys run washington ,  no one would have a job.
Thank you for fighting for our democracy and for justice.
I will be voting against you next election.
HI Mr SENATOR .
Thank you!
Thank you @SenBlumenthal
WHY ? Just to be a Dick.
THANK YOU, @SenBlumenthal!
Thank you!!
Thank you!
Thank you sir for being a patriot! No to Gorsuch!
Because your a twit? Because you wouldn't recognize a class act if it should up and said so in front of you?
And he will get it.  You Dem's mess everything up from Biden Rule to Harry Reid.  You got greedy and lost everything
Thank you.
So
Good, thank you!
Thank you, Senator Blumenthal
why don't you do something positive. Quit being an obstacle to progress

Thanks!
Thank you Sen. It is understood GOP is in control &will vote Gorsuch to Sup Ct, but taking stand sends a statement-Gorsuch not for people
Please publicly commit to filibuster.
Towing the communist party line, I would expect nothing less from you. You & rest were ok with him for district Ct 10 years ago.
Thank you Senator.
Glad to hear it, Senator!  
The United States of America Thanks You!
Thank you.
Tell Claire McCaskill NO.
I support your stand on this!!!
Thank you!!
No probe no robe!
Thank you Senator! Thank you for putting country over party!
Did you strongly disagree last year?
On behalf of parents fighting for quality special education, Thank You Senator
WTF does that have to do with Gorsuch?
Why would a man that lied about his military service ever support someone with honor. MItch should go nuclear now.
What are you afraid of!?
mentally impaired should not be able vote!
You'll vote no because he'll interp the constitution & wont legislate from the bench. You & your circle of jerks should be ashamed!
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator! This CT resident & voter is very grateful!
You're a piece of  to put party over a fine person who has a great record. He deserves ur vote.
When Trump goes down for Treason, ur vote will be remembered. Pls vote no or halt the vote until conclusion of TrumpRussia.
Thank you, Senator Blumenthal! Absolutely the right call!
Thank you
Thank you Senator. As a CT resident, I applaud you. No probe. No robe.
Suckered up.
Thank you
Thank you Senator.
Excellent. Have at it obstructionist. Once the wave of illegals slows down into CT you may get voted out. Will be a delight to watch.
Why? No reason, just because that what you are supposed to do. You're an embarrassment on a daily basis
We are with you! !!
There's a dirty joke in there somewhere...
Thank-you Senator.
AGREE!
The American be people want Gorsuch stop playing petty politics and do something #SCOTUS #gorsuch
Bet you didn't say that a year ago.
you'd accomplish more shoveling sand against the tide but I'm sure this makes plenty of libs happy
Pretty good analogy,&the Dems know the outcome.  This is a statement 2 ways: Gorsuch not for people& he could end up appointed by a non-Pres
IMO you can't vote on ANYONE appointed by this president who along w @HouseGOP appears to be an accomplice to "enemies of the state".
That's my 3rd reason.Thanks. I believe the vote should be put off. If DT is involved in Russia scam, Gorsuch would be voted in by a non-pres
Do you have a certain Paedofile in mind?
is your tinfoil hat on properly? Pizza Weirdo.
This will be yet another embarrassing mark on your career.
So now your Schumer's evil henchman? Stop being another dem puppet, grow a pair, it's a new age
You might want to notify NY Times. They have you listed undecided on filibuster. Filibuster! ty
Of course you will. He's not your guys pick!  He's more than qualified and will be on the bench. #thanksenatorreid
Good man, thank you Richard.
Here's a news flash. All veterans in CT will be voting against you thanks to your lies about your Vietnam service. You're disgusting
@2blessedbygod Our Senator doing the right thing 
Thank you, Senator Blumenthal.
when can a I vote against you. You have no integrity and are confirmed liar. How dare you judge anyone
Thank you, Senator
Thank you, sir!
Why?escapes me... is he bad? or is it about the POTUS?BTW tnx for the good job
Both-Gorsuch not for people-always vote for corps. And too, yes, it could turn out he was appointed by a non-president
thank you...
Thank you, Tony-  I learn from others and it prompts me to read and research-though hard to sometimes find true facts.  Enjoy your day.
you too
You bring continued shame to your office and are hopelessly partisan.

Thank you sir! This is THE most important thing you can do for our country right now #resist
You mean the most important INCONSEQUENTIAL thing he can do. He WILL be on the court.
thank you for taking a righteous stand.
You will obstruct anything trump does he could have renominated garland and you would have voted no
The funny thing is --if it was the other way around, GOP would do the same thing--games people play
Hmmm. Then how did obama get his last two Supreme Court nominees?
Those were normal votes-some GOP voting for, (Sen. Graham).It was unconstitutional to not vote on M. Garland and Dems are making a statement
Please show me where this is in the constitution
On news programs&in news articles-Pres of US shall appoint a candidate for Supreme Court-does not say unless Pres is in last yr of office
News?  Okay. Then check out Biden rule.  Besides what does any of this have to do with Trump?
U must realize it was a statement, there is no Biden Rule as much as GOP would like U to think. The Constitution is the go to manual-always
You will have my vote in your next election.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you!
thank you!! #indivisible
