No, it's because America has millions of citizens that believe in the right to bear arms! Talk to citizens! Give us some respect. We're here
They are too stupid to realize they are handing o ver God given rights for fake safety. Whats the next right they decide we dont need?
I simply don't trust the judgement, skill, or capacity of arms bearers and #2a doesn't qualify people
Media barely acknowledged the Tennessee church shooting. Is that because a legal carrier with good judgment stopped the attack?
CCW was worthless in Las Vegas against determined killer with position and long arms
But, why so little media attention? Could it be that he was stopped by a legal carrier? Blows holes in the gun control argument.
No. Anecdotal evidence isn't generalizable. Statistical evidence is. Unfortunately CDC banned from analyzing
Why are they banned from analyzing?
@SenBlumenthal. And the real reason we don't have REAL commonsense gun control is because of asinine comments like this.


All that now explain Chicago?  Mayor Rahm tried to use Minnesota and Wisconsin as the reasons for their gun violence rate. What say you?
I can drive from South Chicago to Indiana in less than 1/2 hour and buy AKs and Ruger 556s.
What law would stop you from purchasing AKs and Ruger 556s?
1/ There no law on the books currently that would stop anyone from traveling to IN buying WMD and bringing them back to Chicago
2/ So the "what about restrictive gun laws in IL" argument is baseless
You better deliver because it's only going to get much worse. Each occurrence spurs the next insane shooter. They know they can get guns
are you trying to get rid of all the guns in Chicago?where is your outrage for those shootings?
We're outraged at any shooting  The laws make it easy no one keeping track of purchases
Say it out loud....NRA is a domestic terrorist group

Don’t take any more cash. The $100k you can do without.  Make a big stink if you have to. In memory of the 5 and 6 yr olds at Fish Hook.
No you won't you clown! You had eight years to do that and nothing was done. You're all talk... blah blah blah 
With all due respect, @SenBlumenthal, the fault lies with your colleagues who choose to bow down at the altar of the @NRA, ignoring voters.
99% of politicans don't know their own state laws. automatic weapons have been banned since 1986, but they don't know that yet
are you going to ban box cutters and planes too? im just curious, since they were used to kill over 3,000 Americans 16 years ago...
It’s time to take down the NRA
Good luck with that. Pleeez defeat them.
The NRA Is a Russia funded Terrorist Organization
Bwahaha
Pure evil of this country is NRA. I dont know how many people r killed because of NRA. These angry white men is what they r>
are you kidding me? Only the dems turn this into race baiting & politics.Go live in Chicago!
So... does the NRA represent your constituency? If they do... when will YOU start.
#NRAterrorists

Yes We Can!
Don't y'all think Senator Blumenthal deserves 280 characters? @Twitter
NRA teaches gun safety.
They are the biggest teachers of gun safety on Earth
Corporations run the country. The NRA is very good at influencing laws favorable to their bottom line. Put it up for a vote by the people
Senator "Stolen Valor" has no shame.
From a Harvard study, US is in the middle of large industrial countries in: violent crime w/o guns.  With guns, US is off the chart.
We have gun safety features. We have gun laws.

Holy carp this is bad propaganda...
NRA along with Trump and GOP might as well have pulled the trigger in #LasvegasShooting
Nice hate speech
ditto!
Greed by politicians for NRA campaign donations is the reason the NRA has so much power.
Thank You @NRA for standing up to corrupt politicians like @SenBlumenthal . We know gun control does not work. Look at disastrous Chicago.
How can Repugs be stop from sleeping with NRA like common whores?$&Guns more important than life or human beings!
The problem is not the NRA, it's the ppl in Congress who take their money !!
The sheep have become the wolves. We're on to your fake news and dark sided agendas. Eventually the big will fall and the small will grow.
The NRA and gerrymandering, because @GOP Reps are afraid to vote with the majority of what Americans want.
And YOU represent the majority?
This would be a brilliant piece of legislation.
I like this.  Call them out
The NRA won't even consider "Common Sense Gun Control", which is unreasonable. The govt has to intervene to balance out the problems. IMHO
Gun sales soar post mass shootings (multiple reasons). NRA = gun manufacturers' lobby. "Common Sense Gun Control" = antithetical to profits.
Common sense gun control doesn't exist. The idea is control. NONE of the proposed changes would have stopped any of these deaths.
The lobbyists should be limited in how much they cans spend in buying our government. There In Lies the big problem. Plus gerrymandering !
Also, Chicago's death toll is around 500+ every month, yet nobody seems to care about gun violence unless liberals can blame white people

President Trump backs the NRA! Good luck with that Senator!
Start by labeling them what they are:a domestic terror group. You have to do something different. Separate them from their honorable members
NRA - Zondag met Lubach (S07) https://youtu.be/a-o9pwWUzz0  via @YouTube
Thank you Senator!!

The NRA is a terrorist organization. Members of the NRA are members of a terrorist organization. True Americans--time to turn in your cards.
Where are the Democrat lobbyists combating these evil fuckers
Every congressman/woman who has taken money from the NRA should return it and denounce them.

Thank you senator
The GOP have to be voted OUT. That’s the ONLY way to defeat the NRA.#BloodOnTheirHands
Money talks loudest. Quit going to events with large crowds. Sporting events, concerts, malls, Las Vegas, Disney, airports for leisure.

If every black adult male in the U.S. bought & registered a semi-automatic rifle tomorrow, Congress would Pass gun control laws by Friday.
Wrong 2nd Amendment gives us the right and is used to keep totalitarian government in check
TWO news sources in Las Vegas id'd a pattern of lowballing human violence prior to 2014. RE REPORT THAT. https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/how-unfounding-must-front-center-solve-hhs-acf-cb-diana-winslow-msw/ … @NBCNews
Pls share this esp w/ gun owners so they can learn truth behind NRA
No sir. It's the gun mfgs. The NRA is only their advertising arm.
See Washington Post: “I used to think gun control was the answer” and stop this political attack on the NRA
Sure just write a bill that makes lobbying any United States Government officials a Felony.
No, it’s because this is America.
It"s hard to believe the power that this bunch of hot heads have in the highest ranks of our country.  NO BUMP STOCKS!
grassroots... 1 call to portman today . i have faith in brown and will get to davidson this afternoon
The 2nd amendment protects our right. Congress has no authority to infringe on it.  Laws don't get followed by criminals.

Thank you.
It’s time someone read the 2d amend.  Need to challenge the interpretation of an individual’s right to own a gun. Overrule DC v. Heller
Then overturn citizens united.ban all lobbyists. Get back to governing for the good not for the $$.
I really hope the senate will do something about this issue.. so many lives have been lost over this
If you ban guns, you won't need the NRA. Look at all the money you'll save.

Number of Americans killed on battlefields in all wars in history:

1,396,733…
Notice how uneasy the guy standing behind him looks. NRA done?
Truth
Here's a clue

BAN DONATIONS FROM NRA TO ALL PARTIES FOR A START
Ban all donations from George Soros
Name one mass shooting event that involved a NRA member.
Ha!
What about Chicago? More People Killed In Cold Blood on a Weekly Basis...
Yeah and were you not a hero in the military????
Yadda yadda yadda...
@SenBlumenthal THANK YOU for these words!  PLEASE make this happen NOW!  LIVES ARE DEPENDING ON YOU! Justice for all murdered!
I want him to run for president next time....
I’m joining the NRA today
Yup, okay
Why did @SenRoyBlunt Get $11,900  NRA campaign Funds @ChuckGrassley
you only took $9,900 you cheap Bastard #LieUnderOath #Session #Russia
We need to before more people and children die.


The NRA is a terrorist organization. Investigate its links with Russia & Alt-Right groups.
Strongly agree
Because the NRA owns the GOP. Must rid Congress of Repubs and gun maker whores.
You likely have received contributions from them and then talk out of both sides of your mouth about them.
Are they twins?
“Pissing into the wind”
Origi want to disarm this country , like they own summer homes in Alaska . If these farmers get their hands on a dumb official , plan on B .
And Republicans in Congress -- please already

Why am I not surprising about @salemstate ? http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2017/10/01/whites-only-usa-racist-pro-trump-graffitifound-salem-state/hlEmzRHKq2BWMJnHfEF7YI/story.html?event=event25 … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
Want #guncontrol? Ban Democrats from owning guns. Check the facts. Mass shooters and gangbangers are Dems. True story.
They are attempting to infringe on our liberty while keeping their own
as a supposed lawyer u would think u understand and support our constitution. but your political ambitions dont care about the constitution
If we stop selling assault weapons tomorrow, there are still more than 3.75 million of them in American hands. What's the plan for those?
no senator we dont have your version of gun control thanks to the NRA. you would strip me of my constitutional right to bear arms
The NRA and the Republicans
@SenateGOP ARE TOO CORRUPT 
@HouseGOP  ARE TOO CORRUPT
@NRA ARE PAYING TOO KILL
The 1st thing we need is to automate the ATF firearms records which are now paper in 100’s if boxes. The nra got congress to prevent use 1/
of computers. This prevents any police dept from tracking any firearms used in a crime. It’s not like the movies in real life where 2/
a gun can be tracked & the criminal is caught. If the nra is worried the gov’t would come for your gun, don’t elect a wannabe dictator 3/
like trump. 4/
The Nazis were gun control advocates. Hillary is a Nazi and so are you. We know DNC were behind shootings in Newtown to bolster gun control
Many, many Americans will help you.
They're being paid to stifle gun legislation. They are good at doing what they're paid to do, even when it's immoral.

Go fact check... Candice Voice  -CT's democrat are racist!   @DanMalloyCT sons racist harassment towards her because she's black
Bloody greedy hands of these Senators, all supported by NRA-Voted Nay on Prohibiting Assault weapons and limiting magazine capacity
That my Senator Richard Blumenthal from Connecticut.  He's got so much more class than Trump & that upsets the Orange One. @realDonaldTrump
This is LEADERSHIP #SilencetheNRA
There goes @ChrisMurphyCT! One heck of a multi tasker 
2018 + 2020
1st on agenda: defeat nra
Yes we most definitely will.
Senator go back in your hole! You're pitiful! The NRA and Patriots will protect the USA! We need more guns!
Aha.... i heard it all before.
What law do you pass that stops people who are willing to break the law?
We need these 2 guys right now.
lol  Come and get our guns liberals !!!
Lies
NRA is very difficult to defeat because it is protect by law and demands of American, try to control it as much as possible only
You don’t enforce the laws we already have
Oh it has nothing to do with the 2nd amendment? You don’t care about guns only controlling people
Another Lib Politiican running to a camera. Making claims that will never become reality. You will win?  Not a chance Senator Blums
How about voter ID ?
What a crock. The city of Chicago has some of the strongest gun laws on record. Stop grandstanding
Crocodile tears from a Senator that murders 4100 American babies every day. A truck could have driven through the fence & killed more.
Oh the babies again... I wonder what is the relationship between #PlannedParenthood  and #GunControl - Enlight me please. Apples to apples?
Whats next? I can smell it... #JesusLovesGuns ??? Some people are just fucking crazy. And whats up with the truck reference?
If you cry wolf over 59 while you kill millions you are a hypocrite. Trucks are being used in Europe by ISIS. USA shouldn't cry victim when
we are doing much worse elsewhere. Guns are necessary to protect our freedoms from those who would chose to take them away.
Dude, you are all over the map.
Did you read your question? All over the map. I'll let you go back to your happy place now.
Quick Dick Blumenthal there’s a camera run too it say something idiotic as usual.
All the gun laws in the world wouldn't have stopped this.   Everything he did broke an existing law.
Only people like you seriously believe more gun control laws will stop acts like this.  It is a moronic simple minded view.
Really?! And the Congress is holding up gun control?! Attempting to take on the NRA is a waste of the taxpayers time. You need a better idea
We have to Destroy the NRA, l mean Destroy,Exterminate. Grow some Hugh Balls Dems. In the words of the late T Petty Don't Back Down.
Wow... smh... if your base is falling for your bs and @ChrisMurphyCT's they need to go read up on the history of the NRA
CT has no budget, Hartford is about to file bankruptcy, our Governor @DanMalloyCT son staullks a black girl a racially insults her
Thank You!
Thank you Sen Blumenthal  stay safe
How?
"The reason we don't have gun safety measures in the United States today is because of the NRA"

And because GOP wants NRA campaign dollars.
With respect @SenBlumenthal, the tweeter in chief must be impeached first. That should be the house and senates first priority. Please help put an end to the horrible chapter of American history.
Hard 2 do when they give $30 millions 2 Trump $30 millions 2 McConnell $30 millions 2 Paul Ryan notincl $ paid 4 SILENCER bill. Willgetworst
You'd better
Really, it's not the NRA's fault! It's the #SellOuts @GOP! They sold their souls! They R foul like dung, the #Stench oozes thru their pores
Please, go away! I don't debate with Trolls! You are parasites...!
Some specific possible permanent solutions -
Whatever problem is we need solution. Council for Foreign Relations just published what other countries have done to prevent. I will attach.

please put them on the terrorist watch list.  their ads are self-explanatory.
I agree. Now admit talk is cheap and actually do something this time. What is it going to take. Where do you draw the line. 100 dead? 150?
Yes, please, America begs you--annihilate them and their animating ideology
I am The NRA - you're going to "defeat me"??? I think not . . . People kill with bats, cars, trucks, knives - ban them all, Senator ???
You will be defeated before the NRA, poser.
Two liberal CT dickheads who have no ability to solve gun violence wanting to battle the NRA, yet take tons of cash f/ @PPact baby killers
They are a terrorists organization who fund people in our government
Hey Dick Why is Murphy humping your leg, he looks like he forgot his talking point notes from Schumer in his Scubby Doo lunch box.
Then the #NRA is a terrorist organization & should be eliminated by force, the same way victims in #LasVagasShooting were.
You gonna eliminated 5 million members? Who's the sicko now?
Not the powerless nobodies mouthing off online. Bubba & Hoss are harmless. Governing board, lobbyists. Go Iraq on their asses. #MAGA

The true cost of gun violence in America http://bit.ly/2sP5x2P  
What’s the cost of big tobacco shitbag? 450,000 deaths per year and you say?
I am with you. Where do we start?
Blah Blah Blah
How?
It’s not rocket science. Vote out the GOP. It’s up to us to do this.
Nobody is going to defeat the NRA they are their own country!!
My 2 Senators...I am SO proud of them!!!
Bravo. Exactly what we need. Thank you for your strength and leadership
the people pushing gun control organized this massacre,,illuminati mason satan worshippers
Go, Senator Blumenthal!

you illuminati masons organized this massacre so you can push gun control
Oh thank goodness you were able to fit "on camera time" into your day....again
Well he just got a spray tan, can't let it go to waste
Thank you to my CT reps 
Call your reps today and demand change 
Don't wait for the next time
It is because of Republicans @SenBlumenthal
they organized the massacre they are illuminati mason satan worshippers and now they want gun control
This is a blatant lie
1. Safety? What law can do that?  2.It's NRA-ILA fault? Why not sue NASCAR for Dale Earnhardt's death? It's about as responsible as NRA.
Do I recall correctly a relationship of sorts between Russians and the NRA, a group they thought would be of like mind?
Stolen Valor How is he still in office
You should be trying to work with the mental health program?p  Not the  NRA. What have you Dems done with the laws and killing in Chicago?
Dems are finding their voice; their cause is Justice. They will not be afraid. They must act. They cannot fail. They must risk everything.
they organized the massacre they are illuminati mason satan worshippers and now they want gun control
Thank you Sen Blumenthal. Now is exactly the right moment to push for a bipartisan approach to improved gun safety.
and thats why they organized this massacre,,so they can get people like you to buy into their sadistic plot
Senator, what additional gun laws would you care to add ?
Assault weapons with magazines should be for the military only. Designed to kill people in mass. Why does an animal hunter need one?
We need to Protest against Guns as much as we Protest against the killing if the ACA
Wonder how hard-nosed some of these Gun Rights Activists  would b if their Family members were being Gunned Down.mmm
Tell it like it is Sen.Blumenthal.These Ppl care more about their guns than Ppl's Lives. Them and their guns r going straight to hell.
You will lose trying to go against the 2nd Amendment but that's all the democrats know these days huh??
IT WOULD HELP IF YOU WOULD DESCRIBE THE PRECISE MEASURES YOU HAVE IN MIND RATHER THAN POLITICAL COMMENTARY

I was honored to speak with you @refee00!! Thank you and you are truly a courageous #Whistleblower. I hope our interview goes viral!! https://twitter.com/refee00/status/899469441230139392 …
