Sickened and and angry 
Where are the gun laws????
Where is the action and condemnation??? I hear + see only moral decay
There ARE gun laws against the weapons this man used.  Didn't stop him did it?  Any other dumb ideas?
Time to ban all those who support and vote for democrats to be banned from having any type of firearms.
Also democrat lawmakers should be banned from having any armed security.
No more thoughts & prayers please. We need legislation. We need gun control.
We have gun control over automatic weapons.  Are you that daft?
You are not only dumb but ignorant. You call current laws Control? Millions of guns in hands like yours are deadly threat to society!
Don't engage with it Big Al - probably a bot.  Its feed is littered with right wing nutjobs & already a conspiracy theory on LV shooting.
Charlie l am not a bot . Just terrified by the Buffoon in office. Fools like you think he cares about the people! He is in love with himself
I stand with Senator Blumenthal in support of changing gun laws -NOW!
With all due respect, this is as much on Congress. You had the chance after Sandy Hook and Orlando and did NOTHING  #gunviolence
With all due respect...the weapon used IS banned.  Next.....
....if mass killing of children didn't make a difference why would this? America has chosen guns over its citizens. The NRA runs the show.
Wow, liberals are really misinformed or liars or both. Weapons used are already banned.
I live in CT. I demand my senators start pushing for total ban of automatic assault weapons. The only way to prevent next tragedies is to...
Ummm, automatic assault rifles are banned everywhere.  This shooter used an illegal, banned gun.  
Then I want to have a discussion about box trucks,suicide bombers,machetes, acid,and pressure cookers. Ppl just want to live in bubble wrap
Your insanity is the problem. And reason why we have mass shooting killings more then any other country. You ARE the problem.
We are galvanized.  And we are working on it.  Thank you for your ongoing support of sensible efforts to prevent gun violence.  @MomsDemand
outlaw automated weapons.  NO MORE of this.
The Shaivite Temple- Law, Ep 1
Your heart only breaks for 2 things.   1. Campaign donations and 2. taking away our rights.
Your heart breaks? Enough, enact total gun control!
Our nation lacks a bonafide mental health system capable of treating those who need which puts their lives and others at risk.
The shooter represents .0000000182% of US gun owners. ~18.5% of Americans suffer from mental illness.
Thank you, Senator, for all you have done on gun violence so far. Please keep fighting the good fight.
This is a better statement than the lie you told about gun control
#GunControlNow Tighter laws are essential lest any of our loved ones become victims. Our hearts ache for the victims and families.
Automatic weapons are already outlawed.
Big deal! This guy did not use automatic weapons!
Blumenthal doesn't protect women or children's rights in CT. Time for #TermLimits flushing out Geriatric greed. @WSJ @TIME @AP @BostonGlobe
Today we need a discussion on gun control and NOT a moment of silence.
Try listening to the video of the gunfire.  Automatic weapon.....BANNED already.  Get off the BS narrative. It didn't work.
I’m sure u will ban box trucks too.  Please feel free to make ppl less safe, if u want,criminals do not follow law.  Neither do terrorist
Prayers are NOT enough- ACTION thru LEADERSHIP is the way
But it won't be.  Anymore than it was after Sandy Hook. Prayers aren't needed...tighter gun laws are.
Though this man used a gun, it was his mental state that led to his inconsciensible and terrifying act. This can be said of other shooters
Of ~20.2 million addicted to drugs, 50.5% also suffer from a concurrent mental disorder.
12k people perish from gun violence every year. ~44.2k people commit suicide every year. 25x that attempt suicide every year
Act on mental illness. #fixmentalhealth
WTF IS that supppsed to mean?
Can we finally get some action on #GunControl ?? If not now, when?
Hey Blumenidiot u do know that there are laws banning Automatic Weapons? How much more "Gun Laws" u want?
Automatic assault weapons have been banned since 1994.  This fn psycho either retrofitted a rifle or obtained it illegally. Ban psychos!
Amazing our fear monger and divider of our nation senator Is the first to use a tragedy topromote his personal poltical agenda like Hillary
He had what sounded like an automatic weapon. These are illegal. He was a criminal. If gun control is instituted, only they will have guns.
Our hospitals are in desperate need of BLOOD. Please donate where ever you are they are shipping blood from other states to us.  Thank you.
Remember 300 million guns hurt no one yesterday. You can't stop evil.
get off your ass and work on gun control legislation
Let me guess, you’re proposing legislation that will destroy our rights under the Constitution. Remember when liberals believed in America?
Please get in front of a microphone and tell the NRA that we support #GunControl   Tell your colleagues stop taking their money
What gun law do you support?
Please concentrate on Connecticut, the entire state is a disaster.
Assault rifles are already banned you fools!!!  How'd that work out!
Thank the first responders who ran to help while being disrespected!
That shooter was a leftist targeting Trump supporters,That is wholly on the left. 2018 you will all be voted out.
Our conscience is galvanized. Time Cankles & her fascist ilk do jail time for inflaming these lefty killers
All u care about is demeaning NRA, 2nd Amendment & get re elected! Ur statement to Media was cold & not addressing condolences to LV! 
Senator, how many deaths will be enough? When will we all step up? I wish I had an answer.
Past time to pass much better regulations on guns. "A well regulated militia....."
I had just learned that you lied about your service in the Military, how can I believe anything you say.
People can be so evil to do things like this it's a sad day in America very sad day
Agree life is so hard already people are hurting so bad we think about ourselves but forget other people have it worse loss of life tragic
To bad you - with all your Vietnam experience - couldn't be there to help these poor people. But make sure you call for gun control laws.
Please keep trying with gun control legislation. It's the only thing that will change anything.
You've done enough damage....
Gun control is a MUST !!! Just as the GOP deregulates gun purchases for the mentally ill. 
You still support sanctuary cities? If this guy was an illegal immigrant and had not killed himself, he would be protected.
we need more than prayers. that galvanization must result in sensible gun policy reform. #GunControlNow
Time to ban these weapons. Doing nothing is not acceptable. The GOP is responsible for this, like much else. Hold them accountable.
You do realize that automatic weapons are outlawed.  So what else would help-How about shutting your pie hole & quit lying.
Never waste a crisis to promote your agenda. You're one sick bastard! Dead bodies are barely cold and political posturing begins. #LasVegas
This was a horrific evil - HOW DARE You start your political proselytizing as those families and the country come to terms with what happend
Repeal legality of assault weapons in civilian hands.  Outlaw silencers!  Stand up to NRA!
Gun control now.
Yes, must be galvanized against guns and assault weapons, which is the cause.
The @GOP conscience must be  galvanized.
Thank you for ALL you and @RepEsty @ChrisMurphyCT have tried to do for all of America.
Your conscience, not ours! You all created this mess over political BS! you only care about votes to keep your corrupt self in office!

Kids dead in a school didn't do it, Senator. It won't now.
Same old crocodile tears & nothing ever done about access to weaponry & the culture of death/inhumanity promoted by @GOP & @NRA.
They'll be a lot of news reports,they're will be a run on guns and ammo and then this incident will go away till the next one.
Thank you. Here to help. @physicianwomen
This nation's conscience is cold and dead just like @NRA's hero, Charlton Heston @GOP still fights to keep everyone armed w/military weapons
the guns used were already banned
Time to watch some #RealNews and catch up on gun accessibility.
No more useless prayers. Do something. Make it at least as hard to get a gin as it is to vote. Dems are not aggressive enough.
Beg to differ. In GOP controlled House & Senate, the DEMS aren't the problem. Of our elected Reps&Senators only 173 aren't beholden to NRA $
So heartbreaking,a horrific tragedy,God bless everyone
Cant you get trump to do something please
GET RID OF AUTOMATIC WEAPONS!
