@MuthrBear Proofit's more like the media and DNC made this up to divert from their corruption in the election...wake up
That, too, would require proof...with or without emojis. Have a lovely day.
This has all been verified as true 
..
Lol! You take care now.
Congratulations on being an "UnInformed Voter." & your duplicity in giving us President Trump.
That presumes quite a bit. Not that it's any of your business, but my primary vote went to Sanders, my General, to Clinton...
Pretty Presumptive to attempt to dispute the validity of the Podesta Emails... No? Stolen Primary Truth!
Oh...I see...you're looking for a pissing contest. Please try to find something fresher in your timeline than 2 weeks...
That seems like load of malarkey. Seems like you're the one trying to distract.
Yep! He's one of the Coconspirators of the Rigged Primary that gave us Pres Trump. Hiding WikiLeaks Podesta Emails
so they got dirt on you too huh ? It really sucks being a puppet
He's a SuperDelegate Rigged Primary Coconspirator, Russia Hacked Election deflects from WikiLeaks Podesta Emails
Russia interference in election is FAKE NEWS
Best yet Fake News that originated out of the Clinton Campaign to deflect WikiLeaks Podesta E-mails... #DemExit
@IFFConsulting and wikileaks "drop" designed to convince the faithful that Russian ties are fake while they rob us blind
so glad those poor saps in Connecticut are the ones you have your hands in their pockets
Just stop deflecting & obstructing and get to work implementing what WE want; ACA repeal/replace, tax reform, SCOTUS etc etc
@SenSanders Add: Fair Honest Dem Primary Elections, which is why we don't have President Bernie Sanders...
.@SenBlumenthal This was how we framed the same subject, based on @GeorgeLakoff 's work. Story here: http://www.cleveland.com/pdgraphics/index.ssf/2017/02/trumps_tweets_weapons_of_distr.html …
Quit trying to make off of Trump
Still waiting on any proof of those alligations. Funny how news marches to your leftist orders. Fake news
The only proof to be found is the Russian Fake News originated in the HRC 2016 Camp to hide WikiLeaks Podesta Emails
stop making things up, serve the people.
Today they try to block Trump's deputy AG. They want a special prosecutor for their witch hunt. I've had enough of this BS.
And every time you tweet. All I can think is how lucky you are in a very blue state. #unemploymentLine
Oh, the big bad Russians!  A non-story crafted by the liberal Dems.  Won't work.
@MuthrBear We really need to drain the swamp of people like you
@MuthrBear You say this in a tweet...don't think that's grounds for judgement
Where's the evidence? Show it or shut it. Why arent you concerned with the real issue, the illegal leaks? And doing your job?
Has anyone calculated what #Trump's Twitter tirade will cost US taxpayers?
why do you care ? You paying taxes to the us government ?
Canadians know more about how and who's, who in our own government than our own people do.  Perhaps look it up!
what interest  do Canadians have in us politics ? Just curious.
You can figure that out yourself.
typical save the whales bleeding heart answer. Stay North please
And. Then there are all the pro-Trump tweeters up here too. Bet you don't harass them. LOL.
Sorry don't mean to harass just testing the Canadian waters. Would love a beer anytime 
i agree
Remember obama's hot mic with Putin? How about HRC's reset button and uranium deal with Russia? There's lots more.
to bad You didn't bush for special prosecutor for Hillary
special prosecutor for Intel . Cause they can't run an investigation into themselves
special prosecutor for trump when Intel trying to take him out , then we need a special prosecutor for Intel leaks
@bethbrookfield and because he's nuts.
Sounds like obomba news.
@linda_wed1 Yes, c'mon America, don't get bogged down in Trump theater. Treasonous Russian collusion! #FakePresident
Thankfully we have senators who have the courage to fight for the truth.
YES! If "dirty pool" were an Olympic sport, trump would win Gold. (Bannon picked a plum puppet.) Each Daily Fail eclipses the previous one.
you've got his M.O., now to drill down on evidence finding; funds and assets increased
NYT said recording of Flynn duh He was on transition team @ TRUMP towers. Russia wasn't a prob till Hillary said they
hacked UNSECURE DNC server. Why didnt they turn it over to FBI for forensics? Yet she screams Russia. BO & Lynch said voting
Thank you for continuing to speak plainly and honestly to the American people.
like this
or a distraction from his newest attempt at  racist travel ban?
Sir you are a dishonest civil servant working for the Progressives agenda and not the WE THE PEOPLE.  $$$ sell out
hi friend
close. It's all one big smokescreen to distract from #PizzaGate cause #PizzaGate is real.
Are your tweets distracting from CT being #38 in economy? 
Blumenthal speaks for me!!
...or conceal collusion with agents of foreign state, impeachable?
Hypothetically if a sitting prez defames a prior POTUS with reckless disregard for the truth to advance own reputation or ...
So says lying defamed veteran?  Your career is based on lies.
I know in Trump world...distract/chaos = cover-up...why's he going to FL every weekend #evidencedump or who's he meeting w/
Such bullshit!  All of this to distract that real change might come and that Democrats message is not accepted!
This is such garbage. @AGLynch inciting violence and bloodshed. Do you really plan on being re-elected? OUTRAGEOUS.
Where's your evidence?  There is none.  Your Russian story designed to distract from Democrats' failure in election.
President Projection Pigpen. He/his minions biggest liars/hypocrites in creation.Attribute what they do 2 innocents #Hillary
And Hildie selling uranium to the Russians and Obama's hot mic telling Putin I'll have more flexibility after the election?
Thank you
Just like Barry and Dems did w/media for 8 yrs.
thank goodness I'm not the only one thinking that
Even if no Russia, his COI's need investigation. #followthemoney
I've been saying to follow the money concerning the Electoral College. Those votes were bought.
 @SenBlumenthal
Where's the evidence? That's why CNN has the lowest ratings!! All you Democrats are so Corrupted it's sickening!!!
Investigate please! You'll find nothing!! Obama ran this Country to the bottom of the barrel!! Check the economy now! Not Bad
let's investigate how Hillary Clinton sold 25% of U.S. Uranium to Russia Hmmm
We've got Iraq, blaming Obama for ISIS, HILLARY, getting a BIG Check in exchange for 20% US URANIUM. What gives her the right
*eyeroll*  Can't take you seriously, dude.
he succeeded in doing so too, media didn't talk about Sessions as much over the weekend. He got to have a nice weekend
please move forward and #impeachTrump
The strategy of distraction is old. Dems need to be two steps ahead by now. You all need to be more organized and strategic.
THANK YOU
I don't believe that. Lets find out why there so so many afraid of investigating wire taps. Are they involved???
stand strong against these distractions and fascism.
isn't the real story what was in the disgraceful emails from the DNC? Talk about distraction.
@metallica_87 like we didn't already know that
as one of only several hundred "leaders" at the federal level have you nothing more constructive? You Sir, are a wind bag.
U should retweet this everyday so people don't loose focus on RUSSIA. Deflection  tactic used by 45. Thanks
Distraction, yes. But he can't help himself. So narcissistically driven, any frustration, lash out.  We won't be distracted!
Lol, ANOTHER Democratic liar coming out to point finger of Truth That body part doesn't exist in Liberals
Scary that ppl actually voted u in2 office when u can't comprehend that Intelligence Com chairman said NO EVIDENCE #SoreLoser
your whole party is using Russia conspiracy lie to deflect from the fact you LOST the election!
Why were their FISA warrants for Trump during the election? Inquiring minds want to know!
45's #TrumpRussia Ties go back 4 decades. He's illegally doing biz w Russian Oligarchs w 2 Companies he set up in Cypress
Yes, absolutely. But thankfully many of us see right through it.
What exactly is election “meddling”? BS. What exactly are you talking about and what evidence do you have? Zilch.
So we have had an investigation by the: CIA, FBI. DNI & NSA and they found no evidence of trump/russia collaboration, none!
when r u political HACKS going 2 release SPECIFIC info & prove ur assertions? All you have is accusations, no substance.
Didn't Obama order an investigation by the Intel Agencies? Oh, yes he did & they found no evidence of trump/russia collusion!
thank you for calling it as you see it!
You are a liar....
I don’t think he’s that clever.  He simply reacted to Breitbart & now can’t walk back the propaganda. Caught out.
until you show proof your claim is just as wildly speculative as Trump's
show your proof...
Trump's behavior will embolden investigators further, and Congress is about to turn up the heat in the next few days.
but in attempting to distract us he damaged himself further by making provocative allegations with zero evidence.
time to delete you.
Fake Russian collusion is BIG attempt by the establishment D&R in congress that b/c they lost power on Nov 8th
Wire taps and Obama/Dem cover up including uranium deal
with Russians is possible collusion!
How about you stop spreading fake news? NOTHING HAPPENED!
yeah it's Russia's fault your party nominated the only person worse than Trump. #Notmysenator
were not distracted keep going!!
thankfully those of us w'an IQ over 100 wont forget
The destructive uninformed chaotic incompetent White House in American History. We must do something to stop this ASAP
Because we just know Trump got a huge deal on Russian Vodka Never mind Trump doesn't drink.
Are you involved in Pizzagate?
or they are just what's needed to expose Obamas crap.
We better focus on Norrh Jorea instead of these baseless accusations. I am so ashamed to be a democrat.
Yep! Distraction is the one thing he is good at bc @realDonaldTrump sucks as President!
how was your tour in Vietnam?
Vietnam ?
Advice to POTUS haters-gritting/grinding teeth not good-consider a mouth guard to help u thru next 8 years
Have you met with health/ Vets/ Education pros lately? Get working! ObstruCTion is not construCTive
your tweets designed to distract people from you lying about military service. Shut up covering up your treachery
gives Trump 2 much credit 2 say tweets have a higher plan.  Just random bursts from an unstable mind. Emperor has no clothes
All u & d  demsenators do is tear this  country apart.U are all  anarchist.U serve ur own pocket while fooling ur followers
Thank you Senator Blumenthal.
you couldn't hurt me more if u punched me in the face. This man is a liar. A disgrace. He mocks my service to USA
go ahead and say it. You should have died on that dirt road Christen. Your pain. Your sacrifice. Was 4 nothing.
Donald Trump is as "dirty" as a kid in a mud puddle ...
RT .@SenBlumenthal Remember the Websters that founded Hartford? Have U met Delia Webster, Abolitionist imprisoned in KY?
#Tombstone4Delia
So did N Korea really just launch a missile?
he must have some powerful tweets. Or y'all must be easily distracted.
thank you !
this man is an affront to #vets everywhere. You mine as well punch vets in the face. Would hurt less than-
seeing you thank this vile creature.
