The intensity of the Russia probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, sources say
It's about time. Let the indictments rain down!
#FakeNews
When this is over, & nothing is found, & Trump is shown to be innocent, will WaPo apologize? No. They'll move onto their next smear.
sweet child thoughts. work on less bitterness and more reality.
9 Twitter followers. You don't matter.
You have 1000+ followers yet get 1 to 2 likes on your tweets. Yet you're the one talking about bots???
You're a college student. Get a job. Pay taxes. Until then you're a parasite with no reason to speak.
But you're the constitutional patriot, right? So you must've meant to say "until then I completely support your right to disagree with me"
My passion for NFL far outweighs politics. So I look forward to Khalil Mack greeting Mr. Siemian & Mr. Lynch frequently in the backfield.
Lol.  I give you a +2 on that reply.  Our backfield is a circus and the raiders will be really good this year.  Best young talent in the nfl
Way to go WaPo. Another Trump bashing story based on more "unnamed sources" and leaks. When are you registering as an agent for the DNC?
Wow the bots are out in full force
They're Imperial officers trying to save themselves before the Death Star blows up.
You're in no danger of appearing intelligent based on your tweet. Go back to mommy's basement and take your medications.
Your tweet shows us you are not intelligent.  If you can't comprehend how journalism works, you shouldn't be commenting. Thanks
Journalism is based on facts, objective reporting with named sources. Agenda driven stories, based on leaks, bias & unnamed sources is prop
You really think investigative journalism can only use named sources? You are utterly clueless
OK, let's see what happens when the same tactics are employed smearing liberal politicians without names or proof.
1) Who ordered Fast & Furious? 2) Who ordered IRS targeting of conservatives?
3) Who gave Benghazi stand down order? 
WaPo are liberal slobs
Wish it were me telling! I believe n shaming devils-giving props 2 God! not afraid of the devil r threat of a job loss.
Will he get his Dad's old cell?
Paging Mr Kushner
Kushner or Bannon?
Kushner is my bet
It's been confirmed... it's Kushner
Kushner? Ivanka? It can be anyone, I think his escort-wife is the only one who's not involved. She's neither close to 45 nor in WH.
In honor of the Preakness, current odds:
Kushner 3:1
Preibus 4:1
Miller 9:2
Bannon 8:1
Schiller 10:1
McGahn 15:1
Hicks 20:1
Ivanka 25:1
What about Jr?
1. Your web site won't let me read the story without subscribing! 2. I will NEVER believe anything you say unless you name the sources!
Journalism doesn't work that way. There are laws that protect whistleblowers. They protect their sources like our CIA protects operatives.
Let us know when you have a real person.  Hearsay is gossip.
Tell WH officials I no something about DJT @realDonaldTrump he's hiding his taxes bcse it connects the uncovered dots!
"official" "person of interest" "people familiar with the case" -- love the unnamed sources from that got the VT utility hack story wrong.
The only reply here is "who?"- to which the answer is: "Throw a dart".
Anyone in the west wing hiding & shaking under their desk?
My bet is it's Jared. I hope so. There is no reason this guy should be in the position he's in. None, except as part of the cover up.
Why should we be surprised this administrating does. They've been falling apart since the campaign
@KosherSoul And it rhymes with Blared Stushner. But hey, his daddy can give him some Prison Tips.
It doesn't seem like this racketeering will end soon until some one is arrested for obstruction of justice or perjury. Good for America.
I'm going out a limb and  saying there is more than. one person of interest
How much more do we have to take of this man? He is ruining our country at a record speed? Republicans need to grow some balls
#FakeNews
Why should we believe this?? No evidence, anonymous source. Garbage. Fake.
This is really getting under the thin skin of the "Snowflake" #TrumpTrolls. Maybe they should go back to their safe "bubble". #FakePresident
Any adults here?
um, why not RT?
Let me guess Jared Kuschner is the person of interest
Jared Kushner
Jared
Imagine that
Half Truth and Half Lies,strategic ideas of extreme media .


I heard it through the grape vine.
So tired of having to listen to gossip media sensationalism from idiots that  have no facts to back up their unwanted stupid views
Are his initials Jared Kushner by any chance?
Lock them up impeach trump.
#fakenews  You're up to 4 lies a week. Now that's journalism.
I want to see all the treasonous trump admin out, but wapo you need to stop reporting "sources" and rumors and go back to real journalism.
Do the sources get a w-2 from @washingtonpost for being so dedicated to the Trump bashing movement?

WeIN (what else is new?), There is so much weinning in the white house
Clean the house, Don.
Keep beating this dead horse keep loosing readers
Washington Post, New York Times, CNN mainstream media you guys are the laughingstock of the flyover country that elected our 45th president
One of the rumors is it may be Mr. Ivanka.... without being direct, any hints?
Oh, please let it be Bannon or Miller or Kushner or McGahn or...
Could it be @jaredkushner #VeteransResist
Yeah it's Jared Kushner. @jaredkushner he's the one.
is this again from unnamed FORMER(obama)officials?so SAD to see the WaPo lose its Watergate stndrds: 3 named verifications!
Was Air Force One en route to Saudi Arabia at the time so he didn't hear it?
I'm hearing the Dragnet theme...dah dah dah daaahhh
People familiar. Lol time to block your rubbish.
I was told the name rhymes with Bared Tushner.......
you just throw to see what sticks don'tcha? Sad when tabloids are more credible then y'all
Seems like an endless loop of probes!!
Um, isn't everyone who works in the WH "close" to the President? Hmmmm
Keep on following the money, Russian investment
please please let it be Pence!
Kushner.
Kushner???????
The answe is jared.
Never thought I would live too see the crumbling of our democratic system in this manner. Have we become a 5th world nation.
Who believes you people anymore? Just shut up! No one ever says any of this on the record. I think you curs are making all this stuff up!
It rhymes with Shnared Shnushner?
Tired of winning yet trumpers?
facts / evidence please
I'll say it:  Jared Kushner is the one to watch. He learned from the best, his own father, who spent time in the clinker, and Trump. Evil.
Washington Pest trolls 4000  Trump 40,000 go figure trolls of the pest!
Jared
Sure, sure...
#FakeFacts #fakesources #fakenews #FakeNewsMedia
More fake news citing unnamed sources. Until sources are named, it is assumed that you are just making shit up.
What people? What case for that matter?
Retweeting a article with no sources is irresponsible? It's gross negligence and willful misconduct.
No crime here
My guess is Kushner. What say you?
So says the Washington Post! Shades of the non existent memo!!!
Russian story fabrication to detract from democratic corruption and scandals
Hell everybody's a person of interest to those lug nuts!
Most likely it's Kushner
Jared Kushner, the felon's son?
There'll be more of them involved in the cover-up, obstructing justice.
@debspargo89 @mattzap another ghost story from the statist-media complex . #msm #Trump
Man, look at all the butthurt #trumpsters on the replies! Can’t face the fact that @realDonaldTrump is a disaster of epic proportions!
Too much politics in politics anymore. I thought democracy meant something for the people, but now we just look foolish
A year of Obama spying, a year of Democrats and the media desperately searching for any proof, you've come up with nothing, nada, zilch.
The best part is you, the #FakeNewsMedia and the Democrats have bet your existence on finding something....you won't, and you all are done.
The only collusion that will come out is the collusion between you the Clintons and the Democrats

History will not be kind to this generation of the media you will have zero credibility
It was very clear what America wanted you are all full of shit
Jared. Jared. Jared. Jared. Jared.
It's like watching gravy thicken slowly.
Please make it Jared. Please. Please. Please.
Would be funny if Jared becomes jailmates with Jared of Subway.
Make sure the back door to the White House is covered. That's the usual exit for scum and traitors.
Washington Compost making shiet up again.  #tariqtheturd.  #talcolmx
Starts with B, ends in annon?
Kushner
Keep digging!
Ya right. "We know stuff about people we can't talk about". Another carpet bombing run over Trumpville by the "objective" MSM.
Why have the democrats been given a pass on the Wikileaks? They have dismissed zero Wikileak emails/files. Bring this back to light damn it
Blah blah blah blah blah! We don't believe u! Move on to your personal integrity/ethics classes now. Come back when u promise 2tell truth 
the end is near, the orange clown is going to jail soon!! LOCK HIM UP
Can't wait till the first leaker is charged.#maga
#fakenews #propaganda #
Believe it or not, I think it's Kashner
move on to something the American public is interested in. The media can't report anything positive or of interest
Big deal Jared Kushner had business deals 
Anyone else not surprised
I'm guessing Putin went to Jared...
Give up your witch hunting tactics against the president of the USA
They will fall like dominoes, better come out clean b4 is too late
another accusation with no proof, historic b******* like the other 3 that just came out. and was debunked. With alleged Anonymous sources!
Do you want 8 years of Pence instead of Trump? America will never go back to whack job liberal left again. Get over it. Hillary was a loser!
#sethrich #Breitbart
Only one?  Many more to come....
IT'S ABOUT TO GO DOWN! LOL IT'S GETYING HOT IN HERE - HEHEHHEHE
Fish wrap... this paper is DNC mouthpiece.
Please tell me it's his shadow. We need to get him out asap!
Hmm, let's see, there's Kellyanne, Sphincter, Pence, etc, etc, They'll all look good in prison gray.
They went to Jared
He won't go down well in prison!! #ImpeachDonaldTrumpNow
Maybe someone could get Trump to release his taxes. Then we'd see how badly the Russians own him. He's a pathetic, incompetent fool.
Now it's " familiar people " lmao.
Keep TAINTING the investigation with unnamed sources and leaks and we will NEVER see JUSTICE be achieved. REPORT FACTS not rumors damn it
More faceless, nameless sources saying an advisor with Russian ties from lying Rag WaPo
Thank goodness for all the leaks!
Wow I never seen a game with so many players I think it is all a lie to undermine this important trip leave this shit alone
#fakenews to cover up #sethrich murder
Kushner
Ha!
Um, yes we know, it's Jared. Shhhhh
Must be a scary thing to be a Trump supporter nowadays, the east wind is coming.
Someone said someone is a person of interest in the Russia Probe? No!? Seriously? Let's all guess and get worked up because the media says!
love all your "people familiar with the case" and "anonymous sources"  try the truth it might make you stand out in the media.
"According to people familiar with the matter." Do those people talk to the unamed sources people? There r a lot of "ppl who know things."
#winteriscomey
Hope it's Kushner.
A White House official close to Trump is now a person of interest in Russia probe, people familiar with the case say http://wapo.st/2q1v5oP 
Yawn. Peak hysteria was reached. Boring as Hillary's pants suite
Fake
hmmm, close by means as a personal friend or a traitor, a HUGE difference!
Jared?
Did u get this from mueller bezos ? Think not so go to hell
Don John supporters are something else. They want the sources named, as if that would really change their Kool-Aid soaked minds somehow.
UNNAMED sources AGAIN.  Today's liberal press room, reporters phone each other as UNNAMED sources. Special Counsel=no more story for months.
Jared Kushner.
THE WASHINGTON POST, MAKING THE SUPPORT FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP LARGER EVERYDAY! THANK YOU
ba ha ha ha ha, wapo is like a cheap tabloid drowning while trying to stay relevant.  give it up wapo, try reporting on something real
UPDATE:
Word is it's Kushner
This is too good to be true!!
Awwww. How apropos. The Washington Compost slinging more bullshit. The CNN of print news.
Jared...and or Ivanka !
People familiar with WaPo newsroom say dead orphans buried under EIC office.
False reporting proven time and time again
Ivanka and that Complicit perfume.
Funzy.
Lol. More Fake 


Somebody please tell that probe is up trump's ass and finally found his brain!
Oh I hope it's Jared
Predictions on the lucky person that gets rolled under the bus by @realDonaldTrump next? I'll take "But he told me to do it" for $300 Alex
Please let it be PenceBannonSessionsRyan
You commit treason when you pass information to a foreign agent of another country.  Money has a way of removing your morals.

Whats up fake news. Here we go again
 Blah blah.
It has been investigated for 11 months and nothing. I am sure Obama people would have found something
Hi Jared! 
Haven't you been saying this all along.  You guys are horrendous.
You would think our senators have better things to do than retweet unsubstantiated news stories.  All part of a pattern.  CT voters wake up!
Um let's go with JARED
Just one? Ha (For now)
Like the one that's been hiding who's name rhymes with Hared
It's @PressSec. Sean Spicer will cry as soon as they tell him he's a bad boy
If it was a Democrat it would not be gossip then would it??? #45 supporters 
I didn't ask for the Russia probe.
I didn't ASK for the Russia probe. 
I didn't ask for THE Russia probe.
I didn't ask for the RUSSIA probe.
There is not one nail down fact in this sentence. Innuendo innuendo innuendo. I could make one up like this.
At what point do Republicans realize that unnamed sources have been pretty accurate. Fox News uses leaks as well
no one cares
SOURCES, SOURCES SOURCES
Who?  What crime was committed?  Fake News
" people familiar with.".ahh that great source the WPO always relies upon to spread.rumors with. "some people say" unknown sources" claim..
OMG what if it's his hooker wife!!!!!
