I feel your pain, I wish we had another branch of gov to hold president accountable.
But he won't .... and the press will never mention it to him or that joke of a @PressSec  I'm losing faith in the entire govt.
Trump is not above the law. Unfortunately, the GOP Congress refuses to hold him accountable. Please keep up the good fight! Thank you!!!
None months of tRump and his crime family is not  urgent accountability. He keeps filling his pockets, making fools of Dems & taxpayers.
Obama gave himself an increase just before leaving.
#fakesenator
@realDonaldTrump Cashing in on your office. Not presidential. Ethically challenged. Crooked @POTUS  Lead. Be presidential.
Again yet no arrest no impeachment we are getting tired of talk no action.#impeachtrump
Please why don't you get off your ass and do your job Rush of conclusion is bogus
Is it "possible" u r guilty of Emoluments https://lawnewz.com/opinion/sen-blumenthal-who-is-suing-trump-over-emoluments-appears-to-be-in-violation-himself/amp/ …
Stop crying lier...
Has he ever met an emolument he didn't like?  #enough already
Let's hold you people accountable for the constant bashing of the POTUS!!!!
He apparently he can get away with "murder". When this is all over we need to fix our system, so this NEVER happens again.
how did Hillary campaign know of data from Manafort wire tape 1 year ago?

I don't think you understand the emoluments clause
Get ' em.
He is your president. Why are you so disrespectful of him?  The people voted for him. Why do you disrect them?
Amazing!
In COMPLETE VIOLATION of Article 1, Section 9, clause 8 of the US Constitution.
Oh but it's okay a Dem Clinton broke many laws stop playing favorites and go after her as well
Look at yourselves fool!
Then DO something Senator. Instead of stoking the fire in the twitter sphere, DO something.

Announced billions in Boeing purchase. U fool

GE Etna  great insurance great jobs. U FAILED. American jobs
What year was it that you claim to have served in Vietnam
Your Trump phobia has destroyed your mind people in glass houses shouldn't throw stones
Hello Mr. Negative go  get  a life
That Malaysian dude paid Trump enterprises billions and billions for room service alone!
U R totally insane! U will try anything possible to find something against Trump! THE ONLY LYING COLLUSION UNDERHANDED R OBAMA, HILLARY DEMS
Or a guy stayed at a hotel in DC then conducted his business.
Tired of seeing this on Twitter.  When are you going to TAKE ACTION, Senator ? Asking for myself.
How strong is that straw your grabbing?
DO YOUR JOB!!
Why doesn't someone in authority make a official stop to violation of Emoluments Clause?
Because nobody cares, except for the permant crybaby "resistance".
Where was the outcry at the ACTUAL crimes of the bho admin? How about SPY RING IN CONGRESS? U have Bigger worries than "possible emoluments"
Let's hold congress accountable first - why don't you guys do something productive?  Cut taxes, fix HC, fix immigration, etc.!
Keep attacking Mr Vietnam! Maybe he'll let daca go away.
If this was reversed the roof would come off the capital from the Republicans screaming how come they aren't making any noise
When Dems take back the house in 2018, we expect all these people to be charged, including Congress members for violations of:
2- abuse of power, conflict of interest, obstruction of justice, campaign fiance abuses, lying to Congress, etc.
Why aren't they using the Blair House?
Could Obama get away with this?
Well let's see..."o" was responsible for spending more than ALL PAST ADMINISTRATIONS COMBINED...so yes I'm sure he would get away with "it"
The acting ethics director has no ethics. Allowing anonymous donors to give to WH legal fund. Adding more sludge to swamp.
Let's start seeing some arrests.
Yes of ACTUAL Crimes!!!
RU people crazy?  All the ACTUAL crimes committed by the obama admin and the clintons and you are worried about President Trump? Hypocrite
Possible, probably, maybe, could have.....
Stop waiting for Mueller. Go after Trump yourselves and his cheating administration.
At least his is honest. Yours comes as payoffs
Paying for service at hotel is not a gift, my favorite Vietnam veteran. Stolen valor.
Yum, lamb chops
Get to work and off twitter.
YOU, want to talk about being accountable? Make up some more stuff about your career... #shameful
This isn't going away...
Would love to see someone call out GOP leaders on the floor & ask why they're letting all the ethics violations just slide. Who would do it?
Let me know Who cause I'll set fire to their mentions too. I'm tired of the bullshit Senator. Time for Country before Party.
That's why Trump got elected! AMERICA FIRST! Wow U seem really threatening just like ANTIFA, WHITE Supremacist, KKK & BLM! All ATTACK HURT!
Bye-bye little bot. Go find someone else to try to intimidate. Your tactics are useless here. Brush that English up too.
you benefit from your campaign bribes that's my opinion
Not with this Ethics director.
This is unbelievable, I hold Congress Responsible.
All.  The.  Way.  Throw in the Senate, too.
Amazing but nobody seems to be doing anything about it.
It definitely is an #emolument. Now you just have to get your #GOP colleagues to actually care the law is being broken.
I think you should worry about the CONGRESSIONAL SPY RING, THE DATABASE "O" HAS ON AMERICAN CITIZENS AND the WAR ON FREEDOM OF SPEECH
And yet no one does...
E
M
O
L
U
M
E
N
T
S

V I O L A T I O N S 

The better to impeach @POTUS with - Pls Hurry, Mr. Mueller!
Hi Mr SENATOR .Yes are all here . . .
