#gorsuch will be an excellent SCOTUS. Quit being an obstructionist
Please vote NO on Gorsuch. Too many questions on Trump/Russia, the seat was stolen by GOP & Gorsuch is too anti-environment.
Good to hear. This constituent agrees that his answers are off. I urge you to reject his confirmation.
But you voted for a guy who lied about serving in Vietnam
8 is great.. we don't need Gorsuch
Do the right thing and vote yes to Gorsuch.
what America doesn't want is a Supreme Court justice who prejudices any case prior to its day in court. Shame on you!
You & Marshall are doing a good job arguing against a straw man.
While engaging such a brilliant mind you must have felt so inadequate with your third rate questioning .
Good one.
Given Trump's apparent Kremlin ties, @SenateDems must block Gorsuch's nomination. #StopGorsuch
please feel free to post those apparent Russian ties that have been proven... I'll wait
probably a result of your Vietnam war injury. He did use big words, so difficult for many Senators to understand.
You know nothing about Sen. Blumenthal. I'm a former CT resident and cannot say enough how he supports us all.
I'm sure he's a lovely person. a true politician.
for those of us that live here let me say, Sen Blumenthal was a fabulous AG and is an A+ senator
And apparently a helluva soldier while serving in Vietnam based on his fantasies.
um, he accidentally said a couple time "in Vietnam" instead of "during." Please.
He did it to mislead, for stolen valor. I get it, he's a Dem so u are fine w/it.
and has a child in the military
Which response? Didn't he reject "Trump litmus test?" Gorsuch earlier confirmed by Sen. Biden, Clinton, Obama!
You are unbelievably blinded by your hypocrisy.
just called your office. I have voted for you several times. Please vote this man down. Otherwise, will lose my vote.
No, Judge Gorsuch schooled all Dem Sens. Marshall is a shill. On legal ability, you would vote yes, but you won't. Got it.
You are more transparent than you seem to believe.
please filibuster so GOP goes nuclear...then fingers crossed another justice retires before 2020!!
your left that Gorsuch us qualified. If you can't, will send more baby rattles and pacifiers to all you Dems.
Why didn't you ask him if he served in Vietnam? He's an excellent judge. Get your backbone fixed and tell the nut cases on
Thank you @SenBlumenthal please block Gorsuch from stealing that seat.
Your credibility and truthfulness is the real question!!!
you knock the guy for using the Oxford Dictionary? Are you serious?!  What a complete jerk you are!
Senator, you were amazing!!!  I felt such pride that you are my Senator. Can't say the same about current #POTUS
So disappointed in your obstructionist stand.  You wouldn't vote for God if Trump selected him/her.
Get the wax out of your ears and open your mind! You are dealing with a genius
Vote for Gorsuch. You will not find a better Judge.
It bothers u the man judges by law not feeling.
I'm troubled by your fake Vietnam service.   Everything you spew is lies to further your personal agenda
-  Thank you for your work.  Please stop any further consideration of Gorsuch until #russiagate air is clear.
do you remember sounds of gunfire in Vietnam?
say goodbye in 2018
counting on you and other Senator to push for the truth. Citizens deserve every effort. What a mess!
You must be hard of hearing then. I'm sure it's hard to find a good ENT Dr under obamacare. Don't worry, that'll change soon. #notmysenator
You're just embarrassing yourself now.
I call on you to resign and enlist for military service. Syria I hear is nice! You can make up for your Vietnam lies!
Boo hoo hoo, cry us a freaking river.
when is the Merrick Garland hearing? No Gorusch vote and #novichydemocrats
@ceut Do not confirm him please do not give us 100 yrs of no balance
Please don't confirm him.  Please!!!
remember at the 2/25 town hall in New Haven when you told us you'd filibuster an anti-choice Gorsuch? I do.
Absolutely ridiculous - time for Republicans to use the nuclear option to confirm Gorsuch!!  #Getoutofourway!!
and you wonder why your party was soundly defeated countrywide
deeply troubled by you and your colleagues stupidity! You've shown it well for 3 days! Btw what does nuclear option mean 2 u
I agree! 
Follow the MONEY!!!
Supporting Statuary cities, Risking harm, death, criminal elements! Why?
America is listening, and they like what they hear. You are in the nosebleed section, Senator. I'm troubled by you.
if you are troubled, you've not listened for a single moment. The problem is that you haven't heard what you wanted to hear.
PLEASE continue to reject the Gorsuch nomination! Too many red flags waving re his background & legitimacy of dt as president
What is your problem with #gorsuch Senator? He's the perfect SCOTUS nominee, UR simply pissed becuz he's everything you arent
Are you implying Obama had no abortion litmus test? If you are you're lying.
keep up the fight Senator!!! We are with you!!! #GorsuchHearing #RESISTANCE
You're a juvenile
not to mention hi refusal to disclose the dark money sources that go him the nomination#congress pass a law he said!
Then definitely vote to reject him !
Filibuster #Gorsuch
Had this judge been a Reagan appointee would you still oppose him ???
vote no. Stolen seat
oh plz your ridiculous, I can't even take you seriously anymore, sorry others may believe everything U say but I just can't
why should your opinion matter to America when you lied about your Vietnam service. You have zero credibility.
bunch of puppets for the NWO globalists
he is fully qualified. You are asking loaded questions and he is not falling for it
please continue to fight for our country and reject Judge Gorsuch based on his responses.
no vote till trump investigating by FBI is over
thank you for representing your constituency...great work!
I am deeply troubled that you are my Senator. you have decide towing the party line is more important than impartiality.
@EuphorbiaZ I think Gorsuch is being very evasive, too cute, defensive, hiding behind lawspeak!
Go back and watch Ruth Bader Ginsburg at her Senate confirmation hearing...she set the standard
I will. Thank you!
You are to decide based on qualifications and not partisanship.
It deeply troubles me that a sitting US Senator had lied to the American people about his Vietnam service record. Awful!
is this judge's name #Garland ? Then why would you even consider a yes vote?
lol does nuclear option meant anything to you , thanks Harry
Sir: American people are watching and listening. Can your party just return the same treatment your party's choices received?
You're 100% correct, you did NOT hear any requirements for a litmus test.  STOP being so PARTISAN..be fair. #Gorsuch #SCOTUS
i wish he would given you more direct answers on if he agreed with certain court decisions, thank you for asking about them
like Ginsburg did
Thank you, Senator Blumenthal!
you are a poor excuse for a senator
probably didnt hear anything because u were daydreaming about Vietnam
And deeply troubled by Citizen's United. Gorsuch supports this dark money in politics / corporations as people.
For me, he is just too slick by half..
can't educate titles all wrong can't associate divorce & ignore Torah©™®
@netanyahu just Law in taxation. Kids & family can't play divorce ARDC©
@ILAttyGeneral frauds all crimes there is no sin to discuss©
debt collectors not skilled in Torah. Failed©
%ofDNA in present meets past perfectly.Picture
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS should be allowed to nominate or make any decisions until his investigation is completed ! No
You are troubled because he answered your questions with "The Law is the Law." Which hurt your feels cause he isn't like you!
Oh hell! Just stop already! He's an honest & overly qualified judge. You're only troubled by your own jealousy
biased
confirmation hearing of Judge #Gorsuch honorable accomplished intelligent well spoken fair patient
