When are you calling out Linda sasour for calling for jihad. Democrats are hypocrites
Never once did POTUS condone Nazis KKK etc He condemned them. Unlike Identity Politicians like yourself, he showed the hypocrisy of the left
https://youtu.be/Xet3BnwLtek . And here?
democratic political leaders refuse to be honest:  they pick and choose groups to ignore or condemn
We do, but you Democratic snowflakes only listen to the constituents who agree with you.
The mosque in California is a contributor of democratics party . The imam called to kill all Jews .when are you calling them out ?
Sen. Is this another lie, like your Military service?  You have no credibility!  Shut up!
Trump condoned? YOUR FREAKIN'  L-I-A-R!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love @SenBlumenthal I am sick of hearing from those who stood against him from day one. Hold Republicans accountable like they did  @POTUS44
Going on tv and talking crap about POTUS. Lying about what he said concerning the protest. You should be ashamed. Youre a little man.
You pathetic fraud...the real nazis are the Neo Black Racist hate group BLM & Antifa Anarchists and are equally responsible! Catch a clue!
Trump condones the White Nationalist and the KKK,  Too bad you can hear,
Which hate groups? TheNeo Black Racist hate group BLM? or the anti American Antifa Anarchists?No more One Way Tolerance & Forced Acceptance
Why are you silent on those #BLM who advocates killing police, a Missouri senator who advocates #potus assassination?
The only exception to this is when your side does it 
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/did-richard-blumenthal-lie-about-serving-in-vietnam/I …
Senator Blumenthal condons ANTIFA that wants to destroy freedom of speech in AMerica
With those big ears, hard to believe your deaf
but the Senator was silent the past 8 years. He is a hypocrite.
If the KKK racists were ignored it would be done & gone But the Lefts henchmen Antfia & BLM showed up with weapons and CAUSED THE VIOLENCE

How come Media goes ape shit on Neonazis in #Charlotteville while having a blind eye on the same breed in #Ukraine? | via @FluorescentGrey | 
We stand for unity. Stop trying to divide our nation. We are Americans!
I stand against your lies.
All you're doing in undermining our democracy that legitimately elected a president.  That doesn't make you a patriot in any sense.
According to @benfergusonshow the people protesting the Nazis are just as much at fault. Because he's a trump puppet.
Absolutely correct.Neo Black Racist hate group BLM/Anti American Antifa fascists do NOT get a pass/They didn't bring kool-aid to the party!
Because they opposed fascists views. Right. Go ahead and support your dear leader. We'll see where he gets us.

What are you doing about the crisis other than looking for a TV camera???
Is it bigotry to extend"rights"to mean pro-white or pro-black?James 2:9 "But if you favor some people over others, you are committing a sin"
No credibility anymore.
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow  #invokethe25thamendment  please
Stolen Valor!!
Senator Blumenthal condons ANTIFA that wants to destroy freedom of speech in AMerica
Disgusting trying to gain votes with the death of young woman
Start there Richard
There is no amount of apologizing the President can do to make you happy. I heard him condemn the violence. Also heard you lie. Just stop it
WHY WERE THE WHITE SUPREMACISTS GIVEN A PERMIT IN THE FIRST PLACE? STUPIDITY! THEY ARE TO BLAME FOR OPENING THE PANDORA'S BOX!
Shut up. You want the names of all white supremacists??  Bush said the same
Yep,it MUST start with @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP who continue only 2 condemn @realDonaldTrump by words an do NOTHING 2 hold him accountable
ALL These Republicans so is condemn his continuous atrocities with words,but do NOTHING 2 hold him accountable,so he will keep doing it smh
It was both sides!! You can't give a free pass to people that showed up with baseball bats, clubs and pepper spray!!
All talk, very little action.  CT deserves better.

Exactly!
Racists are despicable people and those that twist stories and politics to divide this nation are of same category.  Go away Blumenthal
Why does the left always get a pass on anarchy, vandalism, riots etc.  They r now allowed to attack when they disagree with free speech
Why does the left always get a pass on fake news
I am seeing too much racism towards white people, they are AMERICANS too. Stop the racism from the left also.
@POTUS #Trump's Epic Presser Clarifies Three Truths That Have Driven The MSM Insane http://www.dailywire.com/news/19776/trumps-epic-presser-clarifies-three-truths-have-john-nolte … #DrainTheSewer to #MAGA
Proud of you Senator.
There must be something the Senate can do now that we know Nazis have taken over the WH
So why if all of you are so outraged don't you take a stand and impeach Trump now!! We can't go another 3 years with him 
This liar should get lost
Classic, fake news has fake veteran. And the irony of all of it is that it makes Trump unbeatable next election
Your right. I finally had to get on twitter only for the sake of taking a stand for our president Donald Trump
Here's the New Yorker, romanticizing an Antifa/BLM thug with a flamethrower.
Wrong again CNN. never defended nazis but you will say otherwise
Get him out, Senator!! We've had enough of this con
I reject ALL Supremists, the KKK, BLM, Antifa
So long as people believe FOXNews is real the country will remain divided. Brave Reps, Democrats and MSM must reveal the truth. FoxNews=Evil
Put several opposing, armed, violent groups together and order the police to stand down/disappear. What do you think the outcome will be?
Trump can't be redeemed Time to impeach him!!! While he's diverting us with disgusting behavior republican Senate is passing damaging bills.
Thank you.  PLEASE CAPTION your videos so deaf people, like me, can find some moral leadership in this morass
Continuity in leadership will strengthen the confidence of many Americans lost in current political rhetoric and fear of imminent war
Where Was Obama For All The Cop killings
Great job on CNN. I cried when you spoke about your dad escape from nazi Germany and to hear wolf blitzer lost 4 grandparents to nazis
How can you believe it when he lied about being a vet.  Blumenthal is an opportunist
Everyone who continues to serve in his administration is now officially a collaborator
So, you & your Congressional cohorts need to do something... Impeach & Dump Trump. Help America... It's  your jobs!
Exactly! Thank you!  We're all demanding this of them.
With all due respect Senator, wtf are we going to do. Enough! Get the GOP and all the Dems behind the removal of this sick man.

When you've got David Duke tweeting a thank you to the President  of the USA after one of his news conferences...thats all you need to know
Like now! In the streets.
Ts handlers composed 2 diff statements to try to make him sound human. All he had to do was read, then Shut Up! He couldn't even do that.
We must do something
But more importantly, the Republican Congress needs to put aside their agenda  do the right thing
So far they haven't
So you and all the other condemners   in congress are doing exactly WHAT about this other than tweeting & going on tv?
Watch the footage of the rally then tell me the President is wrong, you clowns have burried your heads in the sand for far too long
His entire staff & cabinet must make a moral decision.
Democrats start this in Jan now they continue
it HAS to now be the people of the UNiter States versus Donald Trump. There is no more middle ground.

We HAVE taken a stand!  HOW do we get rid of this presidential cancer??  YOU are the elected representatives, fgs!!!!
There is no excuse for the @GOP to denounce the words but not the man behind them. Anything less makes you complacent in support of @POTUS
Thank you Senator
Blah blah blah!!!!
CNN=fake news. Always distorting what's said to fit their agenda. No real news all about ratings. Both sides came to fight. Both are evil.
Tell me. Why is there a need for "many sides". If the ONE side that spews racist, white supremacist, Nazi bullshit hate were gone?Then what?
How do we get this racist buffoon out of our White House??
Hey it's the liar
Will the last GOP politician to leave America's moral high ground please turn the lights out.
no apologies are acceptable
What are the "Both Side," to Korean Conflict?
Your party stands for nothing good,u dont have a platform so u start street fights!!
Voting for some of his positions is equitable to silently espousing the others.
Does @SenBlumenthal also condemn the violent free speech-suppressing behavior of Antifa?
Rhetorical question.
Do you really care about ratings to the point where you'd lie, with a headline saying he "defends racist protesters"?  That is a lie
He didnt defend anyone...why are you using a misleading headline?  You know as a Canadian it amazes me how far you go to lie to the public.
