Deeply troubling that America's top law enforcement official would not stand up for our First Amendment freedoms today.
"Free press?"  Is that what your'e calling the fifth column -- I mean fourth estate -- these days? 

Free press.  My sides! 

#LockThemUp
Shame on him. Please keep fighting for our country and all its people.  that poor excuse for a human forgot his job is to work for all
#UraniumOne #Crooked#Hillary #lockherup . Where are you commies on the uranium one story?
He's not standing up for liars!

You say what you believe . I say what I believe . That's called democracy .
You would do well as a reporter because lying  is required and everyone knows you are a natural
The press is a joke!  Did anyone ever read 'Capable of Honor" fifty years ago.  The current press is now only promoting their demo biases.

Interesting how @USAGSessions accidentally conceded that Congress has the right to take @realDonaldTrump to court over emoluments violation!
A Free press is not repeated lies??? Democracy dies with lies!!!
I'd say it works 2 ways. Don't you wish you'd tell the truth more often. Maybe ur numbers would be better.
What free press?A one sided  liberal  press that is biased, and  full of liars, men and wonen that lacks integrity just like  most libs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CExRu4DOMyE …
The disgraceful and cowardly media with their lies and fake news are being bullied now.
Sessions is lying & playing helpless. He is a racist & has colluded with Russia & is obviously hedging with you & committee. Get rid of him.
2 and named James Rosen a co-conspirator to gain access to email & phone records? Freedom of the press....right.
1 What happened to Eric Holder when the Justice Dept subpoenaed phone records from AP


So, citizens can say what they want, Trump can say what he wants, but the media can’t say anything bad about a president? Where’s that rule?
Not a rule. He hasn't read the first amendment (or anything else for that matter)
SINCE WHEN IS IT THE JOB OF AN AG @jeffsessions TO REPUDIATE A SITTING PRESIDENT?
WHY DIDN'T ANY OF U REPUDIATE OBUMER WORST PRESIDENT EVER?

Get to real work! My tax dollars wasted on your personal hate!
give me a break the media is doing wrong and not telling the truth in the news and they are always are attacking him i witness
Not surprised. Not only do I believe that he, too, lacks any moral compass, but he knows he'd expose himself to ridicule by POTUS - again.
You did a masterful job questioning him.


I’d say he doubled down. this is chilling! Beware AMERICA - your constitution is officially in crisis
The constitution is in crisis. President Trump is in the process of straightening that out.
Wake up pal-your “president” is the cause of constitutional crisis, threatening personal freedoms & freedom of press DEMOCRACY CONSTITUTION
Maybe you could be specific instead of offering up platitudes and liberal talking points?  Yeah, didn't think so.
Republicans steeped in disinformation & spoon fed what they should believe... try again buckwheat! I’m not going to suffer your idiocy.
You suffer your own. Bless your heart.
Failed senator seeking cover by criticism.  Try doing something in citizens best interest, isn't that what you should be doing #MAGA
Wow weak ! Can't believe he is AG

What is Sessions agenda anyway?  Very troubling!
Your premise is failed. President Trump is only getting out in the open that which most of us already knew. The MSM is skewed and biased.
Follow his facial expressions through this testimony, he scared as hell!!
@SenBlumenthal:  You are clearly AWARE but omitted the media's blatant lies that are storied as TRUTH. Such is wrong/sickens We the People.
Thank you.
45 is bullying AG too. Along with Repulican party.
I'd rather him look in to your fake Viet Nam war record
If it's about illegal immigration he has policy, angry speeches, jails ready & cops ready but Russian meddling blank stares & no answers.
Why don't you try doing something good for the United States instead of wasting your time on bullshit get a health care bill passed
Fake President, fake congress, guess whatThe media reports all that is FAKETHERE IS NOTHING ELSEThank the GOP for that
PLEASE get him FORCE them or someone get to the bottom of hacked voting machines. SEE #unhackthevote..he has all the data! IMPORTANT
Sessions is complicit. He should be investigated.
@POTUS @GOP @DNC Blumenthal is long known to be a lier and a man of no honor. Actually lied about being a veteran! Part of Alt-Left!
@seanhannity As much of a joke as Al Franklin! We need to rid government of people who put their agenda above the people they serve & lie!
You’re a clown - can you focus on the people of CT?
#And?
#Sessions #1stAmendment #FreePress
Lap dog
What's troubling is we allow this type of administration to stay in power when they clearly are not for the interest of the American people.
Whaa whaa whaa
Congratulations, Bloomie. Your grandstanding performance yesterday was far beyond what we’ve come to expect from even you! “See me! See me!”
Unbelievable
He’s not going to as long he does what potus wants he’s good with potus
The rest of Congress should hold trump accountable for his disgraceful behavior
Why r u surprised
Sessions is such a blathering lightweight.
Fired Sessions. How could an AG could lied under Oath ! Trump  administration is unfit.
Sessions won't do anything to stop Russians attacks but will deport people. Like Trump their focus is on a racist agenda.
There us no justice,  but oppression and corruption under a US Justice DPT lead by liars racist Sessions.
Sessions committed perjury more than once.Can he get fired now? The head of the US Justice Dept a repetitive liar! Shame!
So, now you can downright lie to the Senate w/out consequences? The normalization of lying by Sessions & @POTUS by saying "i do not recall!"
AG Sessions belongs in the same prison cell as Trump.
We do not have an AG, we have Trump's personal lawyer.
Obviously too stupid to understand the 1st Amendment.
So-called @attorneygeneral @jeffsessions only loyalty to the man who gave him that seat he is not qualified for. #Sessions is a #fraud @GOP
Who will safeguard justice while Sessions is in charge of Justice?
Sessions is shameful. Amazed, angered, by his reply to your question. Why was he confirmed for his position???
Yeah like I want a lecture on doing the honorable thing from a guy who lies about being a Vietnam Vet!!!
AG Sessions lied  under oath maybe someone GOP call him out! Not the 1st time he’s done it! Maybe TIME to lock me up! #lovkhimup
You’re too nice sir. What this man is doing is openly thwarting the rule of law and soiling everything our Constitution stands for.
He’s a paid shill waiting for his kickbacks from the Koch’s and Mercer just like the rest of this administration & @GOP . HELLO!
I watched it. It wasn't about the president. YOU will never get it until you accept the truth. Everything the left does is politicized.
That’s bc UR t bullys in this game! Your whole party R corrupt & stink fr wh they say, who they hold near&dear! Buttwipes N t press sh hang!
Senator how can we learn why our men were in Niger and the circumstances of their death? @ChrisMurphyCT @jahimes
The press are a bunch of liars. It's about time someone bullied them and called them out. You're enabling liars.
What a waste of time and money
He’s a Russian sympathizer supporting Traitor Trump. UnAmerican Treason.
Glad I did miss it.  More partisan garbage and continued lack of anything resembling accomplishment
Coming from you that means nothing...you faked your military service history and the tried to cover it up
Simple..
It never happened you weakling
That’s because there is no free press.
When are you going to come clean regarding the crumpling foundations in eastern Connecticut????
You sit in judgment of others while your own state crashes and burns! CT leadership is a joke!
It’s so easy for you! The only lies they report about you are the ones you told yourself!
I'll bet AG Sessions sleeps with blanket that's says KKK in large letters!
Great job not instead of fighting trump get something done for the American people or step aside
Thank you for you work at the Capital on our behalf! 
Complete & utter disgrace 2 American #Democracy! @gop should be ashamed for the cowardly acts they’ve stooped to in advancing their agenda
Why do you allow Sessions to refuse to answer questions, lie, and announce he doesn't have to sit and listen to negative things being said?
The free press??? Democracy dies with lies!!!
Cowardly equivocation and BS.
are you at all surprised? He's the poster child for Contempt of Congress and Hitler Youth.
How the FACK would you know who the 'special counsel" is going to call or contact to interview about Russia collusion? #USpoli
Its clear that Jeff Sessions is afraid of Donald Trump after his scolding from Trump so Trump is running the justice department also
Of all the issues you could have an issue with this so your choice. Why were you not so aggressive with HC...hypocrisy at its best!
As a very poor person I am disgraced by the press
It's terrifying to see the AG doesn't seem to grasp the rule of law
This really is no surprise. Our future is looking very dim with this cabinet and administration. Damage is being done I'm afraid.
Sessions is a puppet under the spell of the puppet master
Of course he did, main stream media is pure propaganda
You call it the free press. Others call it bought and paid for hit jobs. See the difference?
Wonder if he would be saying the same if we were talking about revoking the FCC license for Faux News
I'm sure Sessions is terrified that 45 will come after him again.
The last president was trying to much more.  And true free, for anything anti conservative.
It is deeply troubling and THANK YOU for your line of questioning.
Thank you for asking the question.
The press are the bullies.
PERJURY
You are such a Richard !!!!
We all know why. He's too afraid of his Master!
And Dick, you had a chance to tell the truth about your military service but....you refused and lied!
This Prez & AG don't reflect the democratic values of our nation.
Sick
Can you vote to unconfirm him, especially since he committed perjury in his confirmation hearing? Why is he still in that job?
Are you speaking of Blumenthal, Mueller, or Durbin?
Not surprising. Jeff Sessions is another one of trump's lap dogs.
By "free press" do you mean the propaganda machine filled with lying bastards who fabricate horseshit and feed it to Democrats with a spoon?
Little punk Sessions cannot even confirm the First Amendment.  What a pathetic show of groveling to an ugly master.
Wow.
Read this and tell me that it doesn't fit what Sessions did perfectly...
#Session creepy smirk = #BIGFATLIE about #russiancollusion etc...
Our so-called Free Press are extreme left wing assholes the only real Free Press we have is Fox News
I'm thinking of moving back to my homestate,
~ Connecticut ~The Constitution State ~
To support a GOP opponent and #FreeConnecticut
#VivaCT
Perhaps because you called it "free" press.
Oh look!
We have another #SuicidalDemocrat colluding with Republicans to re-elect @realDonaldTrump
Get a clue
#AccompliceMedia is #DNCPravda
UNBELIEVABLE!  What is believable is he Sounds like a MORON.
talk about bullying!
Absolutely bone chilling! Trump has freedom of speech but the Press doesn't! Something is wrong and this elf's brain!
AG Sessions is a puppet. He is a joke. And his master will give him a bone tonight!!!
that was not an answer ag sessions
I am going to say this. The FCC does regulate what can be aired on TV. Remember George Carlin? So that is a regulation of free speech. 1/
So if @jeffsessions gave a blanket no to your statement a prescident for broadcast TV would be able to show anything would be created. 2/
The suggestion that POTUS could yank a broadcast licence because he solely disagrees with what is said would be a violation of 1st amendment
Our free press needs to be called out on there abuse of sources and constant lies! They should apologize for the RUSSIA lie DICK
Sessions clearly will do what Trump tells him The juctice dept is ran by Trump i see
LOL...Yeah, Holder was his own man. Mooooooron.
Press is free but they should know their moral responsibilities also.
Trump calls 'em as he sees 'em. 
The MSM media hasn't exactly been kind to Trump ever since #HillaryLost.
Wow did you come up with that on your own ?
What is this the 10th topic in five days that you hail that you know more about than anybody else
Who says he is bullying. It’s a matter of opinion, not a matter of fact. But You waste so much time and effort on complete nonsense.
When RU going to focus on THE REAL RUSSIAN COLLUSION: Uranium1, Clinton Fndtn, Obama, FBI invstgtn Holder CVR-IP? Asking for a friend
Yes sir Mr. Trump Yes sir Mr. Trump Yes sir Mr. Trump Yes sir Mr. Trump Yes sir Mr. Trump Yes sir Mr. Trump Yes sir Mr. Trump
So, your point is to defy President Trump even if he's right?  That's old news. We already knew that.
Sessions has a chance to lock up u corrupt dems, waiting for that day..how much did u know about this RICHARD:
Report: FBI Uncovers Confirmation Of Hillary Clinton’s Corrupt Uranium Deal With Russia https://bluntforcetruth.com/report-fbi-uncovers-confirmation-of-hillary-clintons-corrupt-uranium-deal-with-russia/ … 
"Free Press" that brought us the Iraq, Libyan and Syrian fiascoes? Have a sense of pride and and lie better.
How about his 1st Amendment rights? Egghead!
Well, yeah...he would. He's a Trump loyalist.
Dis anyone ever answer the question concerning what NBC reported? If NBC lied shouldn't they be held accountable?
Jeff Sessions answered your question clearly within the law. When you're talking about bullying you're bullying  Jeff sessions
BS!!
Doubt you even watched.
Trump only has a problem with the Propagandists dressed up as Media (aka Fake News)-Slander & defamation are not protected 1st Amend speech
God bless AG Sessions for not answering your stupid questions
God bless God


Today Sessions proved he is nothing but another of Trump’s goons. Looks like Trump berating of him worked. Good luck USA, you’re on your own
When are you leaving?
But it is okay for u to go after my 2nd amendment rights, #mrFakeVTNvet Dickie Boy

I believe Mr. Sessions did a great job
You are out of your fricking mind!!!
He has one that's working. What's your excuse?

Hey Richard,  what about the incessant bullying BY the press of anything conservative? Anything POTUS? 
Friggin Hypocrite

He must have been getting some Alzheimer's drugs.hes slipping
The sheer volume of stuff he says he doesn't know about (like pardons) is astounding and disengenuous.  Menacing straight-up racist.
Everyone is a racist to the left, that's all u ever hear

That tells you all you need to know...
What bullying Dickie boy, he is just telling it like is or did he hurt your MSM friends fellings ? Grow Up
He is a disgrace to the office he serves.
HOPE YOUR SAVING SOME OF "TOUGH" QUESTIONS FOR OBAMA, CLINTON AND MUELLER
Astounding that this shameless liar is in charge of enforcing our nation's rule of law. America is in real trouble #SessionsHearing
Better than Loretta Lynch and not so secretive tarmac meeting and such
He spent most of the time saying “I don’t know”, “I’m not sure”, “I can’t...”
You watched? What were you doing, ironing your brain?
Working in archives at work so... close.
I don't always agree w @POTUS delivery but that's not what you asked him. You're also asking the pres. to squash his 1st amendment rights.
When the press stops bullying a justly elected president of we the people then maybe he will tone it down. Until then the gloves are off!
Is not playing politics wrong item to do?
Klansmen gonna klan.
Let us remember who started the klan, Democrats
You don't know what "FREE PRESS" is
You only know the propaganda arm of the DNC
#1A does NOT give the right to lie and shill
Under oath with threat of perjury charge. One question for Sessions, Give us your time line and circumstance that resulted in Russia recusal
Sessions is the same type of reptile as Trump his venom is just as poisonous. The only difference is that he will be captured sooner.
How does this man have a job?  Has he ever read the U.S. Constitution? He is a lawyer, for crying out loud!
I ask the same question about Dickie Blumenthal
