Oh dear man... that awful sound you hear is the sound of your "Russia scandal" running out of steam. Pump it up! LOL. -VJ
keep sticking up for them...you care for them they don't give a damn about you...sad very sad. Follow money
Prove that. I'll wait. -VJ
State of Ct is a mess financially @SenBlumenthal but your focus is on Trump. What other message or plan do you offer besides RESISTANCE???
go get them Sen!!  Thank you for all you are doing!!!  Hope you had a happy birthday!!!
WeWontForget Rice HRC & Obama #Benghazi Lies & Broken Promise to #LeaveNoManBehind As to ur Vietnam Service another lie #MAGA
how many more times do they have to find nothing about Benghazi? If U are a patriot investigate Russian connect
When SOS ignores 600 Emails asking for security. When O didn't send help. When both lied re #Benghazi. We will not forget #MAGA
What about when HRC ASKED Chaffetz for more funding so she could increase security in Benghazi & he said no?
Please keep pressing despite shameful stonewalling on part of GOP.
YOU LIED ABOUT VIETNAM YOU CANNOT BE TRUSTED FOR ONE DAY
go watch the tape. He corrected himself in same speech. Do your homework. Spend energy on the real threat Putin
We already know Russia hacked the election. FACT. We already know Trump wasn't under investigation! FACT. We now know votes weren't affected
and your were in Vietnam?
@Claire Quinn do research HRC asked for more help and Republican Congress voted it down...research you'll see...not O or HRC
Wouldn't it serve you better @SenBlumenthal to focus on the epic failures of your Democratic Party including yet another loss with #GA06!
You condemn Trump @SenBlumenthal but ignore the actions of @AGLynch meeting privately with the husband of a Presidential candidate??
When is it u & Murphy r gonna stand up and do something?Given u were all chummy at inauguration and all!
Not just intolerable, they make our country less safe. Please stop confirming cabinet noms until we have a full investigation
Chaos Candidate has become Chaos President at least Jeb got something right.
this is more than troubling; the Security of our country demands a full investigation. Trump Admin can't be trusted.
You want to k ow what's intolerable? The sell out of the avg American by our elected leaders to special interest groups.
Give it a rest. Your indignation of all things Trump is exhausting.
so why are we not investigating???
Tax returns will provide a lot of information on relationships. Scary times.
Let's protest. If it is therapeutical to u it is worthed. Could u ask Soros to pay for the protest? It will help the economy.
thank you for your words on #FlynnResignation #flynngate and standing for our Democracy watching you on C-Span #russiagate
https://twitter.com/heliosiamallfa1/status/831508993407229952 …
let's have the same for @HillaryClinton, independent investigation.
https://twitter.com/heliosiamallfa1/status/830189750321426432 …
@nypost
@POTUS, I advise you to bring the democrats to heel by using @HillaryClinton as a hostage. There are perjury charges waiting @ DOJ. @VP 
the Russians are coming the Russians are coming. Lol. KNOCK IT OFF. sissy
get going!!!
DO NOT let them move on!! Collusion here...this MUST be vigorously investigated...
What about the Clinton Foundation you okay with that?
hope you press for a complete investigation of Trump Russia Flynn ties.
if the GOP plays politics with this they will do so at their detriment. They will go down with Trump. It's an American crises
- how about strictervetting & not rushing through the nomination process especially when there has been Russian intervention
seems like everyone has Russian ties of sorts
I agree, but who's brave enough to investigate? I'll believe it when I see it.
Senator Facts not fiction!!! Please get your head out of the sand and do you job or your days will be numbered in the Senate
are you the "Blumenthal" on the list..this is your last week of freedom if its you  #ExDemVotedTrump #HeIsMyPresident 
Unconcerned Hillary exposed national security to every rogue nation but over react to inappropriate conversation?
really!!  Time for you to do your job!!
@ucla_007 nope. Nice try though.
OH BS. He was talking about Sanctions with an Ambassador(BAD) you act like he saying how to lie about Vietnam or something.
The whole #RussianTrump Administration is unsustainable! Time 4 #PutinsPuppet & #presBannon 2 Resign! #TheResistance
Somewhere there's a village missing it's idiot.  In other words, I think the light is on but nobody's home. #draintheswamp
REALLY?? You should try holding your breath until you pass out, the normal next step for children. Liers have no credibility
@EdSkipper #rep@please bring a case on GOP for@not investigating privately. What is going on@
Meanwhile there's a Russian spy ship off Delaware....
how about an investigation into your lies about serving in Vietnam?
and where were you when holder, Hillary, Susan rice lied?????
@Claudia4Trump @SenBlumenthal He was at the bank making a deposit.
Please help make sure that the investigation begins soon! It can't happen soon enough. Our country is at risk!
Complete agreement. Urgent being the critical word. How can your voters help this to happen.
Anarchist, am  sure  Iran  that  is the chief  sponsor terrorists  and shouting death to America  considered as our friends
THANK YOU!  THANK YOU!
General Flynn is more than likely the main reason #Putin didn't unleash hell on us from #Obama 's ignorant foreign diplomacy
R U seriously trying 2 drag #obama in2
 #russiagate nooo! This is ALL #PutinsPuppet & #presBannon! Delusional!
Time to up the meds it would seem...
PS and make sure you bring the TV camera
Now s the time for Comey to step up
just telling you, sir: don't screw around with Gorsuch. No hearing for Garland then no hearing for Gorsuch.
Watching the @GOP at the mic one would think Valentine's day and Obamacare were the priority.
We need a congressional select committee for this.
and a select committee investigation into lies about service in Vietnam by blumenthal
please make this happen!!
