A full, fair investigation means Trump Jr. must answer for his disconcerting, legally problematic activities - in public & under oath.
I will press for such testimony as soon as possible, along with other relevant witnesses.
I plan to rigorously question Donald Trump Jr. during his upcoming appearance before our Senate Judiciary Committee panel.
Pleased that Senate Judiciary Committee investigation is moving forward under Chairman Grassley & Ranking Member Feinstein’s leadership.
If you are after a set of real balls then stop crying and work on health care.. Then the ball fairy might give you a set
You are the most hypocrite political person I've ever seen in my life how's Vietnam
I wish you could move on to tax reform and health care. That's what you are getting paid for. But probably not for much longer????
Hey!  You haven't tweeted about Comey's draft exoneration of Clinton,BEFORE she was interviewed and before 17 others! Give all new Senator!
All you goof balls need to account for yourself and do what is right. Drain the swamp.
Thank you Sen., we are counting on you & w/try & trust what you say you'll do.  Ppl hold onto hope w/you.  Thank you
When members of the Senate decide to push for making examples of the President's children it is time to be voted out.
Should be sworn testimony instead of  interview. Maybe reason to interview over sworn testimony was to prevent Trump Jr. from "forgetting"?
But Hillary Clinton & Deb Wasserman Shultz get a free pass for burning Bernie Sanders & FBI Leaks Corruption. Obviously your looking at 2020
Fire Trump!
I find this so scary. Our gov't is going after a private citizen and twitter doesn't give a . Innocent til proven guilty?  Vote him out 
Then please get FBI to investigate HRC lost bleach bit emails, Benghazi, and Bill's tarmac meeting with AG Lynch. Smh. Vote him out.
Your barking up the wrong tree! This is just your demorats which hunt!! Your just as corrupt as that idiot mueller!
Let's acknowledge all the good bloomers and his ilk have done for for the plight of the poor- none, while bankrupting CT in the process.
Dick is a duplicitous, insincere grandstander with the same integrity as everyone in govt at all levels and the press of every stripe: NONE
It's amazing to me how you can throw stones seeing as you live is a huge glass house!
You people are trying to hard to get him out but you can't find nothing
So what are you trying to do just leave him the f... along
I thank that you should leave trump a dam long
Why closed?
Here's some people you support
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cPE2gmRYM0 … THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ARE VERY INTERESTED in Hillary Clinton's EMAILS 
Could you convey this to the @FBI
Waist more of our tax money. You're a fool.
Will you pkease give it up ! You cry baby liberal... she lost , fair and square
It needs to be a public interview-transparency-Americans want to know the truth and the trump organization is not telling the truth.
Waste more tax payers money... Waste waste. How about balancing a budget for CT?
What about Debbie wasserman Schultz IT scandal.
Witch hunt.
LET'S TALK ABOUT YOUR FAKE STORIES ABOUT YOU BEING A WAR HERO NOT!!! YOU ARE A COMPLETE FRAUD WHO LIKES BOYS IT HAS BEEN SAID NOW WHAT#!@
Still hoping some Russki to show up? 7 months and millions of dollars wasted. Wasted, somewhat like you.
Says the Vietnam LIAR!!
Why does he deserve such accommodations?
Why on Earth are you guys protecting these people with secret meetings and cloak and dagger. Put them on TV. Let the people decide!!!!
You appear to be among the minority who haven't figured out the Russia story and investigation are hoaxes.
No, it needs to be available to the public and UNDER OATH.
How about you and your lying about being a Vietnam vet. You cannot be trusted.......
Why isn't it public why do Trumps get to call the shots???? BS
Been to Vietnam lately?
Think with head, not heart good luck 
Afterwards, can we have accountability for the Senate?
So hung up on Trump.  Why are you not hung up on the National Dept the Dems created?
Conn=bankrupt.
What's you evidence? Nothing still? Fundraising off bs again, huh? Your wife should just write you a check.
Senator nobody cares but liberals what u say go back to Viet Nam. Oh wait you were dreaming.
I'm glad to hear you say "partial step" Senator.  I know you will bring this family to justice. The American people are counting on you. #Jr
I'd like to "see" any kind of accountability w/ a door wide open interview before the SJC! We deserve FULL transparency!!!
Thank you for standing up on our behalf, Senator!
Lol.. All of a sudden the Dems care about accountability? Where was the concern when HRC was deleting 33,000 emails. Benghazi???
You do that dick. Wait to see when HRC and DWS get lined up, that's when it gets fun. You leftists will be clamorous to be republicans
I think I would go with a lie detector and a feedback shock loop if he tells a lie...

#TheResistance
Always bitching.
When are you going to be accountable
will you hold clinton accountable also
Hearing were already held.  Lots of them.  FBI ALREADY SAID NOTHING FOUND!  Stop with the conspiracy theories.
was podesta company  asked to appear before committee?
You haven't even heard his testimony yet and already it is not enough?
keep up the good work.
Richard can u just endure till nextweek b4 u start spewing ur pull him down rhetorics.D nation is dealing with Harvey now.Be human for once.
any accountability for lying about a military service record? U r the right guy to know about lying,I'll give you that
Closed door, not under oath, what's the point!  He's lied at every turn you'll never get the truth with out holding his feet to the fire
Exactly. It's like giving someone 10+ chances to re-write the story. SMH.
What about Accountability for U! What have U done for CT. I have not seen 1  thing U have done! People & Businesses R leaving! NEXT DETROIT
He will lie
Why are we allowing a closed doors interview?
He has lied a ton - be prepared & nail his ass.  We are sick of this dragging on - WE WANT IMPEACHMENT!
But yet you don't want it hear from Susan Rice, Huma Abiden, Louise Lerner????? Why the double standards!
It should be open. What's he hiding???
Why is he being given this "interview"? @SenatorBurr seems totally subservient to RW politics instead of prioritizing public interest.
Yes he does. Vote him out 
It will never happen. Public hearings for DTjr and other or release transcripts. Public needs to know what ?? by who snd yhe answers.
Let's do an investigation on why Congress won't do their job in regards to healthcare and tax reform.
How about your accountability for ignoring the Crumbling Foundation issue when you were AG in CT? You are quick to judge others aren't you.
How's the Rich wife Blumenthal?
Move to Russia BooBoo
Move to Ct and you will know what I mean.
I'm pretty damn close!
Seriously, enough with the #Trump bashing until #Houston is over. The whole country is pulling together and you're trying to divide us.
Dude. Your like a dog with a bone. Move on.
He won't be under oath & clearly has no issue lying so why bother?
Still a federal offense to lie to Congress.  Oath or no oath.
I know but with the Trumps the symbolism to be sworn in is impt
And secretary Clinton/her aides destroying physical evidence while she was under investigation? Assuming she is coming in the day after?
Ur threatening a private citizen. Might as well call u king George
WE NEED A PUBLIC ACCOUNTING OF WHAT THE HELL WENT ON HERE.  OPEN THE "CLOSED" DOORS.
Keep up the good work!
Thankyou for making it a closed door interview and sparing the nation from having to see this man on tv for an extended period.
Back to Hillary. @GOP spent plenty of time trying to finger her and they got nothing. Let go & pay attn to what's happening around you.
I think Jeff Sessions is on it again.
Says Sgt. Toys for Tots, the War Hero.
When the chopper came under fire, Sgt. Toys for Tots, Brian Williams and @HillaryClinton all ran for cover with their heads down.
@grandmainct Blumenthal is  back stabbing twit with a Machiavellian complex, he is nefarious, mendacious and filled w/ hubrus
Thank god!!!
Now how about some accountability for the Dems? Clinton, Wasserman-schultz, Podesta? Funny how Podesta got a suepena and Manafort was raided
You go RB!  These crooks are folding!
Variety is the spice of life, jo...you should watch more than fox. Educate yourself. You will be better off & not be seen as the useful fool
I try...but I can only listen for so long to his opinions.
I don't watch cnn unless there is non political breaking news. I make it a point of watching Rachel Maddow since the election. Never watched
Any of these shows before...just abc cbs nbc nightly news. Many of these shows r opinions. Everyone has them. I like Rachel 4 her
Why not in public? Why not under oath? ( not that that one would matter so much, #TrumpCrimeFamily )
How about accountability for the democratic party
It's important that the public be informed about what's going on in our government! These closed-door hearings are not good enough!
Also not good enough is allowing spinelessness from Republican colleagues to slander anyone but Trump and refuse to release transcripts.
Accountability doesn't mean tweets that state the obvious, it's concrete consequence to what we all know now as tantamount to Treason.
JD degree is only issued in USA  for USA students only. If had 2 degree completed  b practing in Russia  not USA @ICEgov traffickers ©
Remember you told people you were a Vietnam combat vet? Lol
Apologized for. So what’s the relevance besides your trying to smear an otherwise good record?
I'm the son of a Vietnam combat vet. My dad has related illnesses connected to the chemicals used in that war. His apology is garbage, sir.
Haters goons hate I suppose. But you might consider that your hate might be misplaced.
Need public hangings to come back for the trump family and friends.
If it be proven they art traitors.

We want public testimony!
Well we need FULL Accountability the AMERICAN people will not STAND for Anything LESS! How do we get to that? What can we do to help U?
Make sure you are registered to vote, and show up on Election Day :) We need our voices to be heard, loud & clear.
Another partial step would be refraining from threatening potential witnesses prior to giving testimony.
Why won't he be testifying under oath?
