.@SenBlumenthal: "I would subpoena the complete set of memorandum" and "urge it be made available publicly" 
If Russia can find those tapes they would be rewarded mightily by the media.
Blumenthal v Trump 
Read the complaint here http://ia801507.us.archive.org/30/items/gov.uscourts.dcd.187220/gov.uscourts.dcd.187220.1.0.pdf …
Please do your job abd focus on fixing healthcare and enacting a budget.
Where's Obamas where's hillary 's let ccut the shit .hillary and bill and Obama in prision
Senator why??? Did you not understand Comey testimony??? Your Russian Ruse and Fake Narrative is over
There are no damn memos either.
If "they exist"... like your war record in Vietnam?
Let's do talking and start doing it
He was trying to intimidate Mr. Comey and hopefully now it can add kindling to his Impeachment fire!
Actively seeking to overturn the results of a certified election is tantamount to treason.
Think time for you and all calling impeachment be investigated. Fishy stuff in your party! No mention of Comey obstruction? It figures.
Give up!!! Stop with this nobscence .. get back to work
No tapes, Senator, Trump knows they'd only incriminate him. Just a bully-threat.
When are u going to get tired of being so wrong  about everything and actually fix CT and lower my damn taxes?
Comey leaked info to the press, treachery at least, felony at best.

5. Not *one* reporter connected Kushner's Chinese debts or the $17+ billion Kushner, Schwarzman, Trump took from China to them killing TPP 
But her emails #TruthNow
YES
well do something Dick......do something.......this orange blimp is just a cancer to our country
Can we subpoena Hillery's phones? Oops, those were destroyed by her interns with hammers. A little fishy......
Please stop about Hillary Clinton we don't give a s*** if she hardens your dick or not are anybody else's dick
yes Dick.   and make the potus take a polygraph test.....he is disgraceful
You have no credibility! Stop wasting my taxpayer on yet another pipe dream
Hey another photo op!! Do you do anything other then all these photo ops? Oh yea you do, by telling more lies. Will you step down already
There are no tapes, it was a bluff to ensure #comey didnt lie again
if the tapes surface they may sound like prerecorded announcements ... THURS day will BE Sunny. FRI day chop chop
@CNNSitRoom warrants or subpoena  recordings, phone recordings, tablet recordings, dictation recordings
@CNNSitRoom Will you do some REAL WORK for the people , stop the GET TRUMP crap there are people HURTING out here
First there are no tapes, he payed comey well. Scared him into leaking. Subpoena Comeys memos
Hey Richie, why have Democrats led CT to near bankruptcy? Does Trump/Tapes make it all go away? You help cause problems   you dont solve.
Even if you got all the tapes you asshats would say they have been altered so NO!  there are no tapes
Let's say we had tapes of the convo the way Comey says it went. Most counsel says unethical but not illegal. So what's the difference?
Really, the GOP is blocking anyone from reading the ACHA & you're on tapes??  The chances they exist...nil. Chances of ACHA being passed?
If you can't get those maybe Putin will render over the hotel tapes?  Now that would seal the deal for impeachment !
Who effing cares??  Move on already.
God I can't stand him!
@CNNSitRoom SU you fool. It's not up to you.
Could they already be destroyed? Maybe Comey called Trump's bluff about the tapes & now tapes may no longer exist...
House of Cards Republicans Must Be Stopped trying to pass Healthcare bill under our noses call Senators reps news orgs ASAP PLEASE RETWEET
When will you  aniti progress  demsenators allow  America move orward. Go  fix  your  party that  is  now  irrelevant and  worthless .
Hysteria and attempted undermining of real progress for American people continues - retribution coming in 2018
I would exert executive privilege.  Will you ever stop this vendetta against POTUS?
#TrumpTrain #MAGA
Yeah! Just like Hillary's emails! Get them!
If there are tapes he's likely already destroyed them!
This is seriously pathetic. Move on. Liberals are even tired of this.
God bless America. REPUBS need to go. Making a mess of America. Change your party name. You'll need to.
#PaulRyanNeeds2Go
The House of Cards Republicans need to go trying to sneak Healthcare bill under noses call Senators reps news orgs ASAP please retweet
Hard to subpoena something that Bigly doesn't exist
Exactly! Sending a letter is a waste of time. Why bother? Is anyone serious about moving forward with the investigation. So much stalling.
@CNNSitRoom you realise there probably are no tapes...CT us drowning by the way..
Time to quit the bull!!! Can we please get on with draining the swamp. We've got the President, Senate and House. Roll sleeves up. WORK! !#
Draining? 14 ethics waivers. 1100 unfilled positions. Only 111 nominated by Trump. He can't fault dems for his inability to fill.
Drain the cess pool from Mexico too! Who needs 1100 jobs in DC ? That's a waste of tax $$$. Trump has to appt 1100 people?  LMAO!!!
What the heck are you smoking
#Resist They don't exist. Start believing the very opposite that this bastard tells you and you will get close to the truth.
How about congress issuing a subpoena for AG Lynch based on Comey's testimony? She certainly obstructed justice. No?   POLITICS!!
Here you go again Senator, working for innuendo & false narratives rather than working for your citizen. We should impeach you!
Yes, yes and yes. If only to prove that there are no tapes because Trump is a massive fraud and a liar.
Comey said he did nothing. No obstruction. Please move on!
Not even close to the truth. Go to sleep bot.
You're full blow jilted ex-girlfriend level now.

I am quite sure of he DID make them,  he's destroyed them.  With zero qualms or guilt.

Recent research reveals that the accuracy of the new computerized polygraph system is close to 100% Ref: http://www.truthorlie.com/accurate.html 
Mr Blumenthal, I have great respect for you.
They don't  (anymore).  Follow the money.
Do you know what year this is? 
 And guess what!?  The earth is round!
From a CT constituent thank you Senator Blumenthal
That's exactly who he's representing.  Thx
There are no damn tapes!
You mean he was lying? Oh, just intimadating a witness.
