@marieinal There is no tapes he's a bold face liar all that did was take the narrative and change it from firing comey
re: .5M you wasted on Gov.Malloy 2010 corrupt prosecution you terminated when he gave U Sen.Nom Stolen Valor
Out of touch with reality!
re: .5M you wasted on Gov.Malloy 2010 corrupt prosecution you terminated when he gave you Sen.Nom Stolen Valor
re: .5M you wasted on Gov.Malloy 2010 corrupt prosecution you terminated when he gave you Sen.Nom Stolen Valor
Seriously you make me embarrassed to be from CT! @SenBlumenthal CT's version of @SenSchumer and @NancyPelosi #BlowHardKnowItAlls
re: .5M you spent on Gov.Malloy 2010 corrupt prosecution you termind when he gave you Sen.Nom Stolen Valor
After we find clinton emails oh and your service record pfft
MacMasters is saying (parts) of Washington post story not true... today trump is saying it is & he can do what he wants...
"uncover truth" you valor stealing hypocrite
Sen. Blumenthal maybe you should practice what you preach. He who cast stones has the biggest skeletons in his closet. Need we say more.
... kiss your reputation good bye MacMasters
Sure as long as he has time to Bleach bit, and smash the evidence first.
He doesn't have them anymore-Closed Russian meeting remember?-#SlimestoftheSwamp #CollusionRyanMcConnellSessionsTrumPence
The Truth you do not know! Instead of waiting; You chastise the man No evidence. You N your cronies are behind sabatage N Destruction of  US
Better hurry.
re: .5M you wasted on Gov.Malloy 2010 corrupt prosecution you terminated when he gave U Sen.Nom Stolen Valor
Unlikely given that Dems are in the minority and have no power.
re: .5M you wasted on Gov.Malloy 2010 corrupt prosecution you terminated when he gave you Sen.Nom Stolen Valor
You were right on CNN, Senator, & Dershowitz was wrong. This crisis is why we need a special prosecutor & ind. commission!  We support you!
Correct: everything needs to be looked at in CONTEXT.
Tell re: .5M you wasted on Gov.Malloy 2010 corrupt prosecution you terminated when he gave you Sen. Nom
As well as all of comey's memos!
Stolen Valor
That's how they did it back in Nam, huh Blumenthal...what a creep.
"Tapes" lmao. 2017a.d. "tapes" hahaha.
What can be funnier than "tapes" is "tape recorders".
Tapes b•1962-2010•d RIP
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compact_Cassette …
You don't deserve to be my Sen if you actually believe there are tapes. Please resign your seat!
Tell re: 1/2M you wasted on Gov.Malloy 2010 corrupt prosecution you terminated when he gave you Sen. Nom. Stolen Valor.
Ya think so? At this point he has admitted high treason occurred in our Oval Office!!!! Why is he still walking around free?????????????????
You continue to waste my taxpayer money!!! We have real issues like poverty in Bridgeport CT ??? Do you job before it's too late
This President believes he is Above the Law..
Subpoena his taxes and he'll resign.  No way will he ever submit to letting them be seen.  Seriously.
It could be manufactured tape; ""showing Trump innocence ". He volunteered them-suspicious.
Words.  You have words. No action. Typical Dem.
@KristieDecimal Please share. These are GOP co-sponsors of TRUST act to revoke Hillary's security clearance. Call them out!
May 16 seems like a great day to start impeachment.  There is no doubt that he has been laundering money for the Russians.  Crooked Donald.
We're right here with you! Fight for democracy!  Get Russian out of our White House! #TheResistance #Trumprussia #ImpeachTrump
As if he'd ever hand them over. He'll lie to you & say they don't exist before he turns over anything to incriminate himself
U should be paying more attention to CT debt-now 5 billion and downgraded by SP and Moodys
Ahh yes from the king of truth and honesty himself


There are no Comey Tapes.  Geez you left wing Lunes are so gullible. POTUS fired Comey because he was incompetent with every investigation.
God go away
If Trump had tapes, he certainly would have destroyed them already. We think Crooked Donald gives a damn about a subpoena? He is lawless
He has probably erased them. #Impeach45 #RussianCollusion
Besides who believes a man who lies on a daily basis? Surely not a Senator that isn't a corrupted Republican
WH 45 didn't record meeting with Russians reason for no American media Russian only huge red flag how did congressional let that pass 
the tapes, if the exist, will be destroyed before we can get them. Just how dt rolls.
Even f he was 100% right,and legal,no bad intentions,zip,if he erases tapes, he is history. #russiagate #notthecrimebutthecoverup #MSNBC
so right
ISSUE the subpoena before they are destroyed!
Seriously....these criminals in the White House will just erase tapes
Not "tapes" ... Recordings and digital media.
We need a November do over. SAD!
I agree and we also need to subpoena these tapes
re: .5M you wasted on Gov.Malloy 2010 corrupt prosecution you terminated when he gave you Sen. Nom
Lead the way -we need you to make a lot of noise ! Now ! We are beyond concerned -this is a crisis !
Then do it! Subpoena the tapes in addition to tweeting about it. Do your job!
lol
Fake news . Alternative facts . Fake Vietnam guy
Is that all you have? Sad, really.
Tip of the iceberg . Total loser
I agree, it's one thing after another, am I right? Money laundering, colluding with Russia to steal an election, giving intel to Russia.
Its soo obvious
Where is Tom Bossert?
Including the tape of his meeting w/Russians - they say they scrubbed a transcript so there must be tapes.
Delete your account
U will find them right next to Hillary's deleted emails!
This guy is a joke
WE
Those who steal valor should be in jail. You got away with your stolen valor. shame shame
It needs to be done tonight.
