1/ The Press sec. just said WE don't want single payer, that govt would be in our lives even more, making med decisions, etc. NOT TRUE!.....
2/ I've had Medicare for years. They never make a decision on my health. Anything not covered is picked up by my monthly supplement.....
3/ My drug savings are great too! Dems need to attack the falsehoods being spread. Seniors & disabled love Medicare!
Y'all are just annoying us right now. It will never pass; you use it for photo ops and politics. STOP. Just -- STOP..
Never say never!
I supported single payer in 1993 with HRC first promoted the concept. Sanders creates zero ideas; NEVER SANDERS NEVER BERNIE NEVER
Get past Bernie. I am not happy w/ him either after his attacks on Hillary. We will make sure she gets the credit she deserves!
My point it -- it's NOT going to happen. It's a political stunt and it infuriates me that Dems (including my Senator, Warren) are using us.
No single payer program please do something about healthcare I paid $800 a month with a $7000 deductible I cannot board to live
Why are you against Medicare for all? Your costs would drastically drop. Do the research!
Fight Mr Blumenthal. Mr Sanders! Fight for the American people
Thank you, please don't let the fear of higher taxes put the whammy on this keep hammering NO PREMIUMS, NO DEDUCTIBLES, NO COPAYS
Quit waging these endless wars that only benefit the chosen few and we could afford healthcare for all
This is the most important thing for Americans. Thank you from the bottom of my heart, Senator Blumenthal. Big kiss.
This is stupid. They should be working on fixing what we have first. This waste of time and energy is going no where.
This is true they are so stupid they can't fix anything but just because you know who's running the country it dumbass can't do it s*** righ
You finally revealed the truth about yourself: You're a Communist/Socialist, no longer Democrat. #ComradeBlumenthal #BlumenthalIsASocialist
Double current tax rates required to pay for your plan
Really sad senator. Can't believe you've gone as far left as you have. Socialism is not the right way. What a disappointment.
What happens to the insurance companies that employ hundreds of thousands?  Not high paid execs, I'm talking customer service ppl and such
Never
Please fix the ACA first
Thank you sir

How are you funding this, regardless of people that can't pay?
Does the VA still pay for your healthcare because of your service in Vietnam? Oh, wait. #StolenValor
Hey, $1+ trillion a year is not "affordable", especially in a country that's $20,000,000,000,000+ in debt. Get better at your job.
Do medical people become government employees?
Senator, I can't believe you are supporting single payer with Bern. I thought you were a Dem but I didn't realize that you were a socialist
Sorry I am not into Gov. in Control of my healthcare.  Free always has a cost to it and it isn't always favorable. NO Socialism in USA
Awesome! Now, where do you stand on campaign finance reform and, assuming you care, what's your plan to get it done?
Once again work harder we are in trouble out here carrying the country on our paying backs.
Set yourselves up with our health care coverage.
Ty so much for supporting this, hoping more Dems will join you! As someone w/o healthcare and a heart condition I pray 4 this daily!
do you even have a budget for CT? Trust you with the country when you can't even handle a state?
Thank you, thank you, Senators!!
It was Hillary R Clinton in 90's who wanted this I give Bernie Sanders NO credit. HRC all the way.
While you're at it Richie, tell CT's citizens why doctor's care is rationed to the elderly on Cape Cod. Making Bernie Sanders Happy.
Can you send us a link to the bill? I'd like to read it before supporting it. I'd expect you to do the same, but doubt it.
Ahhh so we'll follow the old USSR model. Great news commrade.
Fix the ACA!!!
Go @BernieSanders !!!!
Peace not war
Healthcare not bombs
@CoryBooker @SenatorMenendez 
Medicare admin cost=1.8%
Teeny tiny premiums

Your donors' admin cost=20%+
Big fat prems
Big fat yachts
So ACA has failed? Good to know. And you want us to trust you to try to reform health care again? That's chutzpah.
What a joke and his reference as a fighter continues to make this retired mil officer laugh. Trump 2020
Thank you for supporting this!
Now connect to endless war budget. #HealthcarenotWarfare
Thank you Senator. I'm happy to see @SenSanders getting support.

If the govt is involved in the Health care system. You can bet there will be massive corruption. Setting the stage for pay offs.
Why don't we fund this disaster by tapping into your Trust Funds...We promise you can keep your yacht...
Thank you Senator. Please lean on your colleague @ChrisMurphyCT to do the same
Great news! Maybe while you are there, you can also make unicorns real and perhaps even make this bs smell like roses.
I just went on Medicare, NO prescription coverage, supplemental, paying $$ more than ACA! I'm a Dem. Affordable? LOL!
Ah yes Dick he who takes the CT health benefits since it is BETTER than the federal one even while CT sinks.
I want the same plan McCain's got. Thank you
Nah! Give the Congress the same plan as the people. All who are working, have worked or are disabled deserve the best. Zero for the rest.
I applaud his ideals.
Why don't you call it "VA for all" or "Medicaid for all"? 
Communist or Socialist is the word.
please don't give them an excuse to Repeal and wait on ACA. We need it now not 10 yrs from now after this debate
Exactly. Can't we fix that now instead of starting over?
As an active duty military spouse whose government now runs my health care I can say you need to get out of my health care. It's deplorable
Thank God, more free stuff. Why should we work again. ?

Proud to have you as our Senator Mr. Blumenthal. WE CAN DO THIS! Bernie, I go to bed dreaming of you as President. Make my dream come true!
Thank you for your service.
Udo realize that RoevsWade is this generation's DredScott. The last gen said a man is property this gen says a baby in womb is not a person
No one has the right to tell me what I can do with MY body. A fetus is not a person. I do not believe in your god Fuck you and your religion
How is this going to be paid for? How is this going to get 60 votes in the Senate and 218 in the House? Why would the Trumpanzee sign it?
Dooming Democrats.
@SenBlumenthal where is that Power of the Gov in the Constitution?
As long as its a choice and not forced,tired of dems constantly wanting to be in my pocket and my life,its why u lost and continue to
How are you going to cover women? It's a great idea, but it's been proposed before in 1993! Didn't work then cause GOP! Same issue now!
https://www.google.com/amp/mobile.reuters.com/article/amp/idUSKCN0YS0WZ … She relentlessly worked to get Universal Health for every American. You need to acknowledge who came FIRST! Not Bern
Why do you care if she gets credit for any of it since, when given MANY chances during the primaries she refused to back it.  #feelthebern
THANK YOU!
it works so well at the VA. This is another bad Democrat sponsored idea. It'll be another mismanaged disaster.
You are for enslaving half of America to the other half. #democratsstillproslavery
she ruined her own chances but keep crying if you wish
Love you
