We should be furious that bump stocks - which enable near-automatic rates of fire - are sold in the United States.
Bump stocks essentially circumvent strict and accepted laws against automatic weapons. What excuse can there be for their continued sale?
Hopeful Congress will unite on this commonsense step to rid shelves of killer accelerators like bump stocks.
Ban assault weapon#a for private people. Do thorough back ground checks.
You had the chance in 2010 under Hussien Obama. That's when Pelosi said yes.
We are furious. Thank you
BAN ASSAULT RIFLES NOW!
funny ha approved for use under your watch and obamas administration
lets trust this guy, he served in vietnam and knows guns
It's a start!
Takeing advantage  of a bad situation. Instead  of saying  prayers. This guy is nothing  but try to make himself  look good . Wakeup
Cowards that lie about fighting a war in Vietnam have no place in our society
U are an idiot. The Senator served.
Please enlighten us on how an AR functions differently than other firearms. Ill wait
Vietnam Nam War hero Senator Blumenthal gets it. When will the house GOP? #CNN
They r in the pockets of the NRA
cause many societies that unarmed their people were safe? (hint: google hitler, castro, stalin, lenin)
While you’re at it work on banning the sale of narcotics too.
Did you use those in Vietnam? Thank God you're here to protect us!!
Call me crazy but any response to any of Dick's Tweets seems to use "Common Core Math" logic for Tweet Activity - Magik Math! He Knows!
A criminal Federal Judiciary has no place in America either but you protect their corruption
What about Gat Trigger
People can bump without the stock...
Why did you Dems wait! During bama 8 yrs you libtards did nothing n you were in control! Sad n
I hope a lot more Senators have the same common sense as you do. I guess the NRA won't be happy until we have another WACO shootout! Follow$
Yes
Please comment?
Ban something you don't even understand. Washington is full of idiots
finger to press the trigger. Continued pressure will use the recoil to assist in more rapid fire
trigger, apply forward pressure with your other hand on the forehand of the rifle. As you push the rifle out and away from you forcing your
well, from the hip without a slide fire stock, tip of finger wrapped around belt loop. Without using that finger to pull the
Idiots don't even know what you're talking about our how u functions. It changes nothing to the rifle
You can fire a semi auto rifle at the same rate with a pair of blue jeans and belt loop as with a slide fire bump stock.
It'll go nowhere and they weren't used anyways .. #falseflag
Thank you 
We should ban senator's that lie about there service in a god awful war like Vietnam to better their political aspersions, no shame BLOOMIE
Thank you, Senators!
I completely agree.  It is disturbing that it was ever authorized under Obama administration.
You banned illegal drug use, how’s that working?

A great Senator! Proud to be from Connecticut where you and?Chris Murphy serve us
Let’s ban the NRA...our own domestic terrorist organization that OWNS the GOP and TRUMP
Been to Vietnam lately Senator?
No silencers, either. Wear shooting muffs is plugs don't work for you.
When are you going to ban free speech
Another field good bill ... 
Sounds like the name of a new country music song. "He got the Goldmine, She Got the BumpStock". Crass, I realize, but I'm just predicting...
Not abolish the Electoral College. Not abolish this! Not abolish that! ABOLISH THE SENATE!!! You never listen to the voters. Ever.
This is obv. something you know nothing about. Autos already illegal. #HowsThatWorking ? You cant make belt loops illegal. #DumbestRepEver
Stop with all the knee-jerk reaction and get the root of the cause...mental health.
Keep going . . . . .
If automatic weapons are bad then prohibit your security detail from having them.
Make a law that it is illegal to shoot at people in gun free zones. Make a law that it is illegal to illegally modify a weapon to be illegal
Ok,,,,, but the thugs will still carry...but then again wtf do you care right?
I guess this is *slightly* better than nothing #GunControl
Thank you!!
Wont help much.  Need ban on assault weapons and high capacity magazines.
That's cool except Automatic Weapons are ALREADY ILLEGAL!
thank you thank you thank you
Not enough. Not nearly enough. We need to join the rest of the civilized world.
Ban spoons! Evil doers of fat people
Ban completely irrelevant commentary from these deadly serious discussions
Great! It's a good start on some sensible gun restrictions. How about reinstating the assault weapon ban too?
