Back to business as usual after Putin/Trump mtg - sad day for our democracy. Russia will attack our elections again unless they pay a price.
I'm hoping that the house pushes this legislation through without the president's signature!
Russian bs talk with cohort @ChrisMurphyCT won't win you folks elections nationwide CT full of moronic dim bulbs who will vote for you fools
You have no idea what Trump believes. You haven't talked to him. Why do you just make stuff up?
Because lies are what feeds the left.
Our intelligience agencies have proven their alliance to O   They have lost all credibility. The have become political pawns. #maga
President Obama didn't have to go groveling to the Kremlin to win the election - twice. 
Neither did Trump. Again it was O's people in the election. If you don't get it,well can't explain it here#maga #draintheswamp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legal_affairs_of_Donald_Trump#Destruction_of_documents …
He's used to thugs and mob members through his life. He is a embarrassment to the US! He'll say, "Putin said no".
sad day when a U.S. Senator lies about serving in Vietnam
It has been a sad few months:(
Where is the statement that he agreed with Putin. You should give Trump kudoes for continuing to bring up the election, Support Trump!.

Sad day when anyone believed the story @SenBlumenthal made up about his Military service! Shameful
Sad era.
Well all we seen in last eight years in every agency under Obama was lies, state department, IRS, jobs reports, military, you name it...
Obama already handed out punishment to the Russians.  Not good enough for you?
Agree! How come it feels like our country was just hi-jacked by Trump?
says a delusional senator guy that lied to the people about serving in the military in Vietnam.  Loser!
Proud of my senator! Couldn't agree more
He is putin right hand women
Where was your outrage when 44 believed the Castro Brothers in Cuba ?
2 possibilities: 1 Trump's ego is so large it refuses to accept that his win was aided by Russian hak, 2, he's trying to cover up collusion.
Sad day when people in the US support Drumpf and find it acceptable to have the Russians in the oval office and schmoozing Trump @ the G20.
Rex said it did not go down the way the Russians are saying. Sounds like you believe the thug.
.@potus You don't get it do you?
Even sadder day when @ SenBlumenthal can lie about his "service history" and get away with it.  Who's this clown kidding?
And you believe Russia over Gen. Mattis
1st off ur relying on that rag Washington post? Really dicky boy???
Sad day when obama says he can work with Russia after rigged election
Remember what your Democrats said buddy? You're in a Cold War mind set:
Need new leadership
Obama knew for three months and said nothing - sad day
Give it a rest Richard!
He shpuld be censored by Congress.
Do you job!! Don't worry about something you'll never know about!!!! #MAGA
Well, if Putin says so...(eye roll)
They elected Trump! They should celebrate. Obama needed to stop this!
@SenBlumenthal struggling to acquire significance as a party hack with relentless negativity, spin doctoring, name calling and school visits
What did U want Prez to do Dick-bitchslap Putin? spit in his face? scream "liar liar pants on fire"? Any of those U wld B in meltdown mode!
#45 doesn't even realize he's been played.
even sadder day when US politicians keep pushing lie to fit their weak ass narrative.
U have made CT go broke while we are the HIGHEST TAXED STATE. Since 2011 u have failed. U dont have the right to criticize Kim Jong Un
Trump should be removed for just that reason alone, "He doesn't believe in government agencies", which are design to protect us. How can he?
You mean the same person obama said he could be free to work with after election???
Democrats: Russia not the enemy
Thanks for all you do for our country
As opposed to a senator who lied to get elected? Yeah senator you have no moral high ground. You are a partisan hack who does nothing!
How can you continue to bad mouth our President? You are the problem not him. You with your big scared Russia talk. It's so obvious and sad!
Sad days in Ct. no Aetna GE UBS RBS.  Must be nice to be rich and tweet all day.
I continue to wonder what the Russians "have" on Trump.
Beyond sad; it's scary & repulsive. So much wrong in America since T. Is he selling us out for personal gain or just warped?  Follow the $
How can we fight this? Our America is being held hostage. Start gathering anyone sane in the GOP to get him out of the WH. Please!!
He doesn't believe Putin- he knows what they did. It's another lie. He can't admit what they did- self-pres.
Sure it was a sad day for your family when you deployed to Vietnam
@realDonaldTrump Sad.
Who says they're celebrating in Russia? You? Please explain who is celebrating and where.
Can't stand it, but we will keep fighting.  This isn't right.
Now he's squirming around trying to set up other business deals before he is Impeached.He apperars to becoming a flight risk once cornered.
Is there any chance Trump will turn over "proof" to Putin so he can guage where he failed?Putin KNOWS what he did
To the burglar standing at my broken door: "Did you break into my house?"

Burglar holding a crow bar: "No!"
Just this one Individual has a issue with excepting Reality.Being accountable to the American People (Majority) Just this one Individual.
Proven liar still lying. U think anyone believes u. Worry about your state GE Aetna  jobs gone.
It's a sad day that you are our do-nothing Senator. Always spinning your wheels. Never getting to the heart of things.
Its a sadder day when people believe things for political motive, ignoring common sense and evidence.
Kind of like our last POTUS...Wouldn't you agree? #whatredline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEgBbxIJZFs …
Putin's puppet
We are talking about the same intel agencies that leak national security info on a daily basis? I wouldn't swear by their word either.
Sad day when a senator intentionally misleads the American people.
The Senator is only reporting the facts. Oh yah, Trump only tells truths,lol.
Very true.
I never thought I'd see this in my lifetime! It sickens me!
Democrats: Russia not the enemy
God, U R  the SINGLE MOST B.O.R.I.N.G & intellectually devoid Senator to warm the #connecticut Senate seat - do u ever have an indep thought
Yes, he just shared one about our so called President who doesn't believe in our systems to keep us safe. I'm sending this to you, USSR.
But your president was caught on open mike colluding with Putins top guy & you were silent! Shameful!
All circumstantial evidence points to collusion. Was it greed or trickledown golden shower tape? Body language w/Putin suggests peepee tape.
Dumb comment! A sad day when POTUS is not allowed to try & build fair & respectful relationships with all countries to fight ISIS & N. Korea
If democrats are so worried about Russia, why didn't Obama do anything when he knew Russia was hacking? Quit blaming Trump for Dems failures
You say sad. I say betrayed @SenBlumenthal.
Did you folks expect anything different? Are you surprised?
From Richard no.
We appear now to the world as an IDIOCRACY.
Not surprised Senator.
well we know you are liars. you knew 6 months trump was not under investigation and yet you continued to lie to us.
What are you talking about? Trump wasn't under investigation during the campaign. Not Blumenthal's place to tell us.
Also U don't live in CT
Ummmm Clapper, Brennan & Comey are all proven liars. Breakout the DNC server and prove him wrong.
Oh BTW. You may also add your name to that list of proven liars!
You truly are an embarrassment to the state of Connecticut.
A bunch of liars. Don't believe anything they say anymore. What's even more sad is the thought that our own
president may betray our country or just randomly snap one day & push the nuclear button. Scary thought!
There ought to be a law against it...and it ought to be enforced.  Americans deserve better!
And we're supposed to believe you and your "Vietnam Record" ??
Aw Dick you need to try to follow the real news outlets....
