Do you mean the tax payers give it to them instead of our own kids dreams? #enddaca. Help our own kids first. This s América!!

So "our side" is a white soldier with an unusually large cup? Or are those small hands?

Did not, but like all things twitter people start shouting in a conversation, I'm out.
Please keep DACA in place.This evil hate filled talk of cancelling this good program is just to take all Obama programs away. It's not 4 us.
Not our $$$$$$$$$$!!!!
Foolish. When our ancestors arrived here in the 1400's we we're illegals. They made a great nation, offering talent, bravery & knowledge.
Spell check.
Will spell check, which word?
We're
Illegal Aliens are stealing from America in all kinds of ways.
Time to end the crime spree and protect Americans. 
#StolenValor
#MAGA
Hard time considering anything you say.  I am still working through your complete fabrication of military service. It drowns out all you do.
Wealthy liar Blumenthal basks in the glory of illegals cheering him on while CT legal citizens paying unaffordable taxes-CT VOTE HIM OUT!
Senator my daughter is dying because I can't afford a transplant! I am giving her a kidney Americans need help to https://www.gofundme.com/3no5a8g 
Thank you so much

.@POTUS .@realDonaldTrump  #NoDACA  #NoDACA  #NoDACA  #NoDACA  #NoDACA  #NoDACA  #NoDACA  #NoDACA  #NoDACA  #NoDACA  #NoDACA 
How many live in your house? I'll take a wild guess and say ZERO! U adopt a few & college educate them then preach. Till then shut up!
As a CT resident for now, please resign you destroyed our state with high taxes and freebies for illegals.CT won't see our tax $. GA
Yes, they funnel $$ back to their country of origin, while living & getting free school off the backs of Americans, who can't afford school
FRAUD VET LIAR
WHEN THEY CROSSED  BORDER, THAT WAS THE ONLY HOME THEY HAD KNOWN!
SHUT UP WITH LIES!
Excuse me but your responsibility is for the American children first...until you can educate our own, we cannot afford another countries'
You should blame their parents who came here illegally for what's happening to their children
no reelection for you !
ALL of this talent you stand with should go back to their countries to make their countries, thus the planet, a better place.
I couldnt pay my own kids college. We & they had to work multiple jobs so they could pay for their own and live at home free. I aint got it!
And thousand of U.S. Citizens, were denied that same opportunity.  America's young people "Dreams" need to come first.
Immigration limits already exist by law.
This is just a loophole to get around it.
And really, not even a legal one.
TRANSLATION:
America is a manufacturing plant where people just walk in, get paid, and send their money back home to help Grandma. Great.
.For 5 years you've defrauded Taxpayers to make payments on your behalf and violate our constitution. Resign you are Incompetent
How many homeless, vets, seniors, drug addicts have not gotten help because of $ subverted for an illegal voting block? #EnoughIsEnough
#DACA allowed thousands of Illegal Foreign Nationals to benefit off the hard work of Americans. #DACAisCACA #ReturnToSender.
Now it's time AMERICANS ARE FIRST. Stand with NOT illegals.
Americans first we have dreams too! Work not welfare!

Two words. They're illegal.
Sick of subsidizing illegals.
Sick of MS13 crime
Sick of YOU letting them vote.
Sick of YOU not standing with citizens!
YOU HEARING US YET?
Americans first!
CT pension system is in extreme danger. American citizens who live in CT are suffering - YOUR utopia Sen. HURTS Americans.
all while CT's economy goes down the toilet, glad I got out when  I did.
What about the citizens of your state? What about their dreams? You ignore your own voters!
Blumenthal is as truthful as Gov Weicker who said "we will have a state income tax for just a few years, till we get out of the red" #MAGA
You foolish poor soul...
#EndDACA NOW. #BuildThatWall
. And it has denied school to our own legal citizen children. Time to retire old man Blumenthal.
You lied about your military record now you lie about immigrants. Do you or the Dems ever tell the truth?
Another program to condone illegal immigration on our dime. We the people are sick of you not doing your job for US citizens.
At whos expense?Taxpayers?Same Taxpayers who cant afford College for their own kids? I do not think College is 4 everyone, but that is wrong
What a crock.  You're a fraud, Blutarsky.
While their Homeland rots. America steals the talented & those that could make a difference in suffering countries.
Your state is going broke, thousands leaving every year. No wonder! What nerve. And you charge an arm and a leg to visit your beaches!
Have you read the oath you took lately? 
WE HAVE LAWS - THEY BROKE THEM- NO SPECIAL TREATMENT
AMERICANS first. You work for the AMERICAN people.
#WAKETFU
We have rewarded illegals w  Amnesty multiple times in the past at the cost of Americans, it has brought in more illegals ENFORCE THE LAW
Daca caca is illegal, you can not give money for any type of illegal and get rid of people that follow laws that nasty way. #FollowTheLAW
PPL of CT, vote him out next election. I know MANY law abiding citizens who have had enuf & will b voting out Rino's & Traitors
Does it matter 2 u that the taxpayers have 2 pay 4 their own education while @ same time having their tax $ pay for those who use the system
DACA is unconstitutional, if you don't like the law change it. Until then, laws must be enforced
I wonder if a DACA kid has donated to Vietnam War Memorial?
Na but I want to donate my service
Can you tell us a little bit about what "stolen valor" means to you? Explain why you chose to "embellish" your military career. 
How about we let legal American citizens pursue an education, follow their dreams and give back to the only home they know.  #AmericaFirst
And it's really worked out!

Sure would be nice if the American citizen could chose what their tax $ is spent on & this isn't one of them.
When is your seat up for grabs? I'm thinking about moving to CT.
Let them take that free education and return to their country of origin to help change their own countries. Selfish to keep it all here.
While Americans born in #CT struggle to pay your tax increases with our "American Dream" slipping through our fingers daily! Thanks Blum!
illegally on our dime- they can do it in their own country or come here legally. Period.
and they're still illegal
Everything you say I disregard as you attempted to steal valor from real Vietnam veterans. You are forever garbage to me.
Even garbage is more useful, It can be recycled.
With USA Taxpaying Voting Americans' MONEY! You do not have a BLANK check to give to everyone! Stealing is illegal! Dems ARE THIEVES !
The Income Tax is the theft of property.
Cry me a river!! 
Thousands of illegal aliens who had no right to be in this country. Who do you support lawless behavior?
Yeah Mexico, it's not leprechauns sending billions back home yearly! You've proved yourself to be dishonest why do you keep talking??
Irony; liar Blumey, on Judiciary committee, says he's adhering to law when questioning Trump Jr, but won't enforce immigration law.
Pass legislation fixing this!  U Senators who can't get along FIX this!  But u won't.  Pathetic
Give your own money. I actually worked for mine.
have them work it off as maids, and gardeners and send them back soon as they are paid off!!!
He FORGOT WHO ELEVTED HIM????
Typical ELITE    ABOVE HIS CITIZENS!!
Suck dry with taxesto import poverty?  With $.40 out of every $1 you 's spend BORROWED - you are destroying American childrens' dreams!
And they only had to give the finger to US law and citizens for that free education!
As a member of the congress i reject you on the basis of your inability to accomplish what your paid to do. YOUR FIRED
Why wasn't #DACA passed into law while @BarackObama was POTUS? Not priority? Whose interests do you represent? Identity politics.
They can pursue their dreams on someone else's taxes!
Who voted you in fraud?
Use your inheritance to pay for illegals..not our tax dollars
Why????
I didn't know a seven year old could be that smart
Do you listen to your constituents? Read the responses to your tweet.
Anyone can legally sponsor someone and use their own money to feed, house and educate them. I choose citizens 1st. #notmytax$
Many parents made illegal trip based on KNOWING they could pop a kid out, and gain ability to stay. Broke the law to do so. Not way to do it
In 09, 74% of total deliveries were to illegal mothers at Parkland Hospital. It was estimated 60k babies are born to illegals each year.
Move to Mexico.
A guy robs a bank,becomes a model citizen. HE IS STILL A CRIMINAL.
There are American students who have a dream but cannot afford college. Americans first because we deserve it. My grandson is one of them.
Amen!
I don't want to pay for illegal aliens education.
Well Dick, looks like we the people disagree. We need to get our shit together first. 20 trillion debt doesn't fly with us.

END IT NOW!
Now they can get reacquainted with the country they should have been in in the first place. #AmericaFirst
Is that why buisness and residents r fleeing your state?
Yup and Ct. Is bankrupt because of all the freeloaders you support http://Dick.You  are a hack
Let's help DACA fond their way home.  Mass migration is destroying our country
Then impeach trump before he kills this country.
And it's cost the taxpyers millions. But who cares about us.
Why is this so hard for you to understand? If here illegally, go home. We have laws.
Thousands of Connecticut citizens did not get those benefits
And it's also helped bankrupt the budget. Tell the damn truth.
Maybe that's part of the reason why our state is in debt....
Who paid for it?
You are the law maker maybe you could look into doing your job.
Let kids stay Dick! If parents go
And only the most Soul-Sucking Dementors, Trump& Co , would get jazzed about killing & narrowing pathways to citizenship   DACA
Yes along with in every state MS 13 gangs killing our youth. DACA was unlawful. We are a nation of laws enforce them. Or get out of office.
I feel like broken record. REPRESENT THE PPL OF CT AND WHAT THEY WANT...clearly it is NOT this..
Harvey Boller @netanyahu tax accountant turn lawyer! @ChicagosMayor man hit him on scooter & assaluted him b elderly with sleep apnea b CTE
Failure to verify head injury on public ly reported in  & Virginia boller year b early nineties attacked his job after failure to check CT 
Loyola university b employment of Harvey ©™®babysit ER of free them from ADHD child abuse of @usedgov fail @APA aware of boy met thru Josie
Friends in frauds child seen on train to Lincoln park high school didn't acknowledge Region action frauds. Same size as father of age 14©™®
Walt Disney @Disney pull name no authorized murder & medical malpractice science scams of Nazi Elizabeth Rochford ®™© ARA branch slam it
Wow if this isn't a broken Russian bot idk what is.
