No such thing as “orderly wind-down” of #DACA. This despicable decision upends families & derails hundreds of thousands of DREAMers' lives.
Trump’s sad and outrageous #DACA action should prompt even stronger bipartisan support for DREAM Act – more urgent and necessary than ever.
Trump #DACA decision already causing chaos, confusion, and cascading fear - threatening mass deportation on scale never seen before.
Sadly self-destructive #DACA decision is an economic nightmare for employers and job creators who depend on DREAMers’ skills and dedication.
Ever here of the constitution.  Go to work you have 6 months. Stop grandstanding.
Let them prove they pay taxes and contribute to society and not in MS13
Wow!  I wonder how many of these trolls are actually real or paid?  The low intelligence quotient is deafening.
Another Dem. lowering herself to name calling and belittling.  Nothing else intelligent to say?
DACA is more of a work permit program.  No guarantee of permanent stay. It only offers up a 2 year extension.  Stop spinning things.
Plus morons in congress are calling them "these kids". The average age of a person in DACA is 2 not kids. They need to try becoming citizen
So a person here illegally is a "Dreamer", what do we call the thousands waiting to enter country legally?  All Attack, no Fix, do your job
Laws are laws, you can't pick & choose which one you want to follow! MAGA!!
Everything about this admin betrays people and our values. Time to play hardball.
Dream On Trump is doing his best to help the American people not like the Democrats who prefer the illegals over the American people
Why would anyone be surprised? He flipped on SS saying SSDI is not SS. T and his followers spin things for their agenda.  Evil and Dishonest
Okay.
Because none of them can vote... or did they 
They should be given a path to citizenship. It's the humane thing to do. But we all know Trump has no empathy. Lisa-Canada.

If you don't believe in upholding our Constitution and laws like the oath you took you should resign.
STOP. OBAMA CREATED THIS MESS.ALL YOU AND YR CRONIES CAN DO IS WHINE.YOUR JUST INTERESTED IN VOTES
Well do something about it!!!! It was your job to take care of it. President Obama said it was never a permanent solution. It's your job!
There WAS NO PROMISE they could stay! It was always temporary& unconstitutional.Such a slap in the face to al LEGAL immigrants. How dare you
only values the Democrats have is to have illegal voters vote for them me n many other Democrats left because of the deceitfulness n hatred
DTrump DACA DACADACA
And you betray your voters! Break the law, accept the punishment!
Dude we don't have kings here- we have a legislative branch of government for writing laws-they are elected by US citizens (historically)
Democrats like Richard are for illegals and terrorists not for american citizens. #DACA #Votehimout
Richard Blumenthal is betraying American citizens and actual people who voted for him. Remember next election to cover him out.
Due respect Senator-this was a temporary stay & every applicant knew it. Temporary solutions are just that-time to force Congress' hand.
And the average age of a DACA person is 25. They arent kids
Something tells me if 90% of them voted Republican you may not feel the same way....
Go pound sand you no good "So called Senator". Who became a millionaire as a professional politician. Were going to organize against U in CT
It's amazes me how many hateful people on here. So sad that this administration brought out this ugliness.
This admin didnt bring out hate, the Ignorant decissions by ALL of our goverment has. Time for the second revolution - fire them all
You should stick to lieing about Viet Nam! 
Fake new, Fake Marine - REAL lier? 
In all due respect - SIR! 
SgtMaj USMC ret'ed
You betray us.  You only care about immigrants cause you think they will vote for you with CT RAMPANT VOTER FRAUD
an absolute emdarrasment to the state of ct. the swamp creature is alive!  U take the first  on your greenwich estate whah
Empire state building thay your family owns could hold thousands ahh u would rather rent payment u capitalist pig open doors for free o


Hw abt helping us, the LEGAL immigrants of CT? Many of us came here thru hard wk and sacrifice & we did it legally. We didn't break the law
https://t.co/1IzHj8lqn5?ssr=true 
Your sick!
You should have stopped Obama.
Maybe if Obama did it the right way we would not be going through this
It betrays the American value of rule of law, where you, a congressman makes the law, and not the executive branch? Did I miss something?
So in the next 6 months let's see what ya got.
Executive Orders or the Supreme Court tinkering with your legislation means no one has confidence in this Congress's ability to do their job
IF AND THAT'S A BIG IF Congress would do their job and stop usurping their responsibility to legislate we would not be in this predicament.
Pass stand alone legislation now. We all know that 45 just wants to attach funding for the wall to whatever new immigration "overhaul" that
Thank You Senator,
Take a trip to the social security office and try and find people in line who speak English!
Do you object to enforcing our immigration laws?  If so get working to change them.  You are there after all.
Law & order President doesn't pardon a convicted racist, side with supremacists yet attacks innocent dreamers! Plain sick!
Good to know you have a list - it'll make it easier to deport the ones that were too lazy to apply for citizenship

It only delayed deportation for 2 years dummy
Wether your a Dem or a Rep it's about time those in congress start doing the jobs they were elected for. Congress has become self serving
In 2012 Obama said this wasn't amnesty, not immunity, not a path to citizenship, and not a permanent fix. Obama warned these illegals
True...you are not lieing!
Get off the soapbox and do something productive for once
These Jews don't want non-Jews in their country, but they hate the White race.
This President along with Sessions and Miller (and others) are dangerous, toxic and very BAD for our country.  Get rid of them now.
Obama said over 20 times that the exec order is unconstitutional then goes against it in an election year. Now your outraged? Hypocrisy
Don't remember you passing that law. The ball is in your court,
Most of them have had years to become legal. The time is up
Send them back Trump is right
Yes
You need to protect the Citizens of the USA and uphold the LAW.
that was Obama's illegal executive order, not a promise from the people
No, their parent's betrayed them. The key word is illegal. The only dream, is to think it was ok to use the government.
Obama betrayed them! Tell the truth
Obama had no business granting them amnesty. The only goal was to legitimize otherwise illegal democrat voters.
You can only vote as a US citizen. How do you not know this??
Obamas false promise. That what happens when you try and make your own laws.
America has a history of going back on its promises. Nothing new.
You were an Attorney General.  I find it discouraging you are blaming Trump rather than encouraging Congress to formalize the program.
They came against the law idiot!!!!!!
Obama just said on FoxNews that his illegal daca was only temporary he did not make it legal dumped it on Trump now it needs 2b fixed
What @BarackObama did wasn't legal, so you and your pals are ones to blame for consequences. If @realDonaldTrump acted same,you'd melt down
That's their default reaction: melting down.
As a senator you can join @SenatorDurbin  and help bring legislation to give immigrants pathway& beyond to citizenship
Now is the time to demonstrate your leadership by crafting fair and just legislation that will make their dreams come true
Dems want the vote really bad .

No.It will make it a LAW its up to you
Trump didn't create DACA law, but the only reason he wants it torn down is because President Obama's name is on it. Using kids for politics.
What ILLEGAL executive order are you referring too?
Karen the EO that President Obama signed was not illegal. If it had been the GOP would have been in court immediately. Nothing in the courts
You got 6 months to figure it out. This is the law. Don't blame anyone but yourself.
That's what happens when you make promises you know you can't keep
B proactive & start legislation NOW! DACA must be converted from an executive order to a bill. #DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers #DACA
Incorrect Senator. A #POTUS w/out Congress, issued a lawless administrative rule that was unconstitutional. #obama created the mess
And how many have applied to be come citizens??
You're only saying that to kiss ass for votes. Their parents are Illegal which makes the kids Illegal.
If only Democrat leaders protected American citizens with the same effort & urgency that they use to protect Dreamers... 

#DACA
Why didn't the @TheDemocrats fix immigration it in 2009 and 2010 when you controlled the Government?. Cruel? 1 million deported then.
Please Inform yourself about today's decision.
can we make our state a sanctuary? Otherwise Canada & Mexico will surpass us in technological knowhow...
This is the most evil part. That sessions would use the info they entrusted to the  govt to destroy their lives. Sick bastards.
DACA was never a permanent path to citizenship you jerk for even suggesting it! It gave these illegal kids two years to apply for GREEN Card
That's not at all what it was for. There was NO way to apply for a green card while on DACA
This idiot is turning our country into a mess..he's attacking every minority possible...couldn't get Muslim ban threw now this ughhhhhh
Please Inform yourself about today's decision.
Oh myself is informed....This maniac is holding innocent young adults hostage forcing congress so he can get his wall..he's disgusting
But isn't constitutional law one of your values? Make a real law and don't defend temporary loopholes for children of illegals.
Made by a president who didn't have the authority to be so broad with his promises after a Congress failed to act in accordance with law!
@SenBlumenthal Have you been to Vietnam lately?
Pontius Pilate Trump had his goon Sessions tell the people since he doesn't have the ...to tell them himself!
That's the worst part: they acted in reliance on the assurances of the U.S.
Obama is who you should blame. He made the unconstitutional promise in breach of 3-branch system of govt.
Thank you for using your voice for great sir!
Obama did It illegally! Blumenthal you forgot a key word ILLEGAL They are illegal immigrants and it's about time we follow immigration laws
They were brought to the US as children.
Not our faults what about children here! We can't take care of our own! ILLEGAL is illegal!
Your last President betrayed them. He set up an unconstitutional system and exposed them. Don't like it, do your job and pass a law Dicky.
The number of these young people who are teachers in the classroom is going to throw school systems out of whack. School year has begun.
Announcement coincidentally comes on the anniversary of the Nazi Deportation.  Coincidence?  http://ww2today.com/4th-september-42-nazis-order-that-children-be-deported …
This betrayal of our own solidifiies the fact to our allies that this administration cannot be trusted.
media: You're not discussing undocumented, irregular, immigrants. They're illegal. That is a fact. Sen&MSM have u seen ur approval ratings
Make up your mind. Were they immigrants or parental kidnappees?
An illegal promise made by a President that thought he was importing voters.  Call it what it is.
DACA recipients can't vote.
Right, as long as voter ID laws are upheld. Good point.
No DACA violated our morals our laws
Dream Act Now!
Because a president make a illegal promise.
AMERICA FIRST
Obama betrayed them by having them rely on his illegal program.
*typo* illegals. When will you fight for US citizens? Maybe if you actually served in Vietnam you'd have some honor & integrity.
Perhaps the betrayal was made by Obama.  Half promises. Up to you now to make a deal with Trump for the benefit of ALL of us\
All because you failed to legislate an executive order into law! Shame on you Senator Blumenthal and the rest of Congress, moral deflection.
Wah.  Remember the Constitution, Genius.
Using the adjective "illegal" before immigrant is honest. It's this lack of integrity that created a political vacuum that Trump exploited.
Please stand behind Sen McCain and his Dreamer Bill
 #DefendDREAMers
when Obama made this "promise"he was unauthorized to do so You're and attorney, and part of the legislative branchYou know it was illegal.
Anyone over 18can apply for citizenship
https://talkpoverty.org/basics/ 
https://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2016-07-06/the-new-faces-of-us-poverty …
aLL LIVE  MATTERS. YOU  DEM SENATORS
They were false promises and they all knew it
A illegal promise by a president who said he legally could not do it
#DACA betrays #American values just by existing. Jefferson and Hamilton wrote about this kind of foreign influence extensively.
DACA wasn't intended to do what you're stating Senator. You just hoped everyone would forget about the EO and move on. Time didn't hold well
This decision breaks my heart. Trump will get hispanics, blacks, muslin and anyone non-white out of US one way or the other!
I'm so glad you're one of my senators! Thank you.
Who made that "promise" I didn't!
Legal legal legal .... What don't you get about that.....
It was Obama's promise we finally have a real president in office
REPUBLICANS betraying them.
NO, Congress allowed BHO 2 create an immigration mess he knew he wouldn't have to clean up after. If U shld have done your job back then!
So DO SOMETHING about it.
"AMerica" didn't promise anything....OBama did.  If you were so worried about it, you've had years and years to reform immigration.
Agreed.  But, now you all in Congress have the opportunity to do a permanent  fix to immigration that should have happened a year ago!!
America didn't promise them, Obamas overreach and unconstitutional policy's mislead them. Let's get the facts straight...
The Dems own this mess, just like Obamacare...they are always cutting and running from their mistakes. Not this time...
No Obama broke the law when he signed the EO.. they can blame him and their parents. Other's wait as long as 13 years to come here LEGALLY!!
@SenBlumenthal That's what happens when you have a pathetic insecure Congress that's afraid to vote! You should've made it LAW with Obama!
U know Obama should have handled this legally! Congress must fix.Trump is doing right by his camp promise. Not just him feeling this way.
Yes, Obama even admitted it was unconstitutional but did it anyway.
Thank you Senator Blumenthal.
What do you say to the immigrants that go through the process "legally"? We are a nation of Laws and people deserve respect for abiding LAWS
Your buddy Obummer did that.
This isn't a Trump decision. It's a President doing his sworn duty to uphold the law. You can lie & spin all you want. It's the law hack
Stop this! We've invested a lot in these kids and families and they also did in the USA.They're family & Americans except for one detail.
This is not only heartless and hateful, it is going to cost tax payers billions at a time when we can hardly afford that additional burden.
Sad news "Free Spirit" ! There's no cure for stupidity! You're on your own!
As a mom and grandmother I am heartsick over this. Thank God I was born here, however, with this administration it's embarrassing!
What was embarrassing was a president who usurped congress.  Writing an unconstitutional executive order is where the problem started.
Its getting beyond crazy Senator. Why aren't more speaking loudly about all of this nightmare. The anxiety/stress he  is causing is sadistic
Trump baited them knowing fully what he was doing! Secret underhanded schemer!
They shouldn't have been in the shadows to begin with. Only legal immigrants are valid. Obama was a tool for allowing this
Senator, thank you for everything you do! You and senator Murphy make me so proud! We are so lucky to have REAL PUBLIC SERVANTS in CT!
Too bad
Instead of complaining, get to work to pass legislation!
When was there a promise they could stay permanently?
Time to fall in your sword Richard and push the hottest potato legislation y'all ignored while accepting unconstitutional daca.
ACT
You know criminals don't deserve special treatment, right?
Disagree-they get more benefits & entitlements than our American Children. They need to go!
You're the lawyer Richie was what king Obama did legal or illegal enlighten us? The king creating his own laws I thought that was your job
Am starting to think, this was a conspiracy to enumerate and better target their pray.
Congress WILL YOU DO SOMETHING NOW???
It was unlawful. It's your responsibility to pass an immigration law you lazy do nothing political hacks!

Like a child! Blame yourselves!
Law & Order in the US is the new cue for authoritarian rule.

Justice & peace no longer on the agenda. Neither is compassion & morality.
YOU and Congress have the power to stop this. DO IT! Stand up to the mean school yard bigot bully who picks on the weak/disadvantaged.
Who promised? A former president, going over the heads of Congress.
Yo, my fellow Vietnam grunt buddy Dick--may I call you Dick?--the "D" in DACA stands for "Deferred".
Well, it's been deferred till now. 
So?
