I am stunned that any of my colleagues would oppose appointing an independent special prosecutor after this astonishing revelation.
All of the evidence – including transcripts, tapes, memos, and other documents – must be subpoenaed immediately.
All relevant actors including Comey, Sessions, Rosenstein, and McGahn should testify before @senjudiciary publicly and under oath.
And I don't want them to be kill because Potus is irresponsible and crazy. Potus can't be sharing info with our enemies, russians
And the Dicktator is in the White House? 
Thank you for saying it!  We want him out! Please do all that you can to remove this dangerous president! Thanks!
https://twitter.com/guypbenson/status/865265657310584832Lier …
Ikr  lol
yes - nixon was impeached for obstruction
Nixon was never impeached. He resigned before impeachment & removal from office.
yes - we all know that! Obstruction was the charge for impeachment.
My only point is that strictly speaking it never came to impeachment. Many believe Nixon was behind the whole mess, not just the cover up.
agreed -
You LIED about your service in Vietnam. Not sure how you show your face in public. 
at least he served; where was Donnie during the Vietnam War?
This gentleman lied about serving in combat. Absolutely disgusting. Best 2 u.
one lie vs. a plethora of deceit and corruption. take care.
Yep ok. Keep trying u r a FOOL
wish Republicans would wake up and put country over party.  I want to hear from Comey in a public hearing
You are a shameless liar.
But it was ok for Obuma to leak Intel to the Russians where were you then Richard
Kindly DO YOUR JOB and get rid of him! Heck, I'm unemployed and actually get more done, Richard!
oh  you have him already tried and convicted ?  thought this was America ?  your not too bright..and you are biased.. resign ...
Like the time the husband of a FBI investigation met w AG on a plane.
More grandstanding!!!!!!
If it was,why didn't Comey act then!!!!!! Where's the memo!!!!!!
Keep strong Senator Proud of you!
Wow 1973 I was 19 and totally glued to the 4 channel TV
Hope it "unfolds" quickly & smoothly & flattens Trump & his co-conspirators as neatly as a Trump hotel chambermaid would flatten bedsheets!
I am so sick of hearing republicans say all this is democrats fault! No, it's not our fault, it's yours and Trumps
Let's get the facts. Comey must testify. Memo must be authenticated. His notes must be authenticated and timely. Does D.J. RECORD meetings?
It will be hard enough to impeach D.J WITH A republicons Congress, but if you really want to remove him, there must be OVERWHELMING evidence
@realDonaldTrump  you are the obstruction of justice unfolding in real time
EVERY GOP in Cong. who's silent shd. be tried for it. This is a MASSIVE Constitutional Crisis. Wd. be nice if MSM stepped up too.
Keep fighting for us, Senator. Sad that the @SenateGOP continue to put party before country. They'll be sorry come 2018. #WeWontForget
In the interests of justice and the republic, party and country must be put before personal oaths of loyalty to the president.
#thecouphasbegun #Russiancollusion will destroy us #impeach @realDonaldTrump while u still can. Save us, Congress #ImpeachTrumpPence #ITMFA
Thanks for your honesty and diligence!
While I am happy to see your tweets, I will be happier to see you and your colleagues act to stop this madness. #trumpMustGo
Leave Hillary alone...
Former AG and an attorney, one would think you knew that definition by now.
In slow motion
And your facts are?
@itsdavidmckay The obstruction will be televised.
I want that on a T-Shirt!!
Yep. By the Dems
Senator, you above anyone should know that these are mere allegations. No evidence has been released. We have hearsay and unnamed sources.
If we had hearings and investigations every time an unsubstantiated report came out about Trump, nothing would get done.
That is their plan, It would be amazing to see what could be done without all the obstruction.
@realDonaldTrump did more 4US in mths. than Hillary running WH 4/16yrs.
NO more DC & WH as usual.
NEW @POTUS in town
Did u get memo..
We are witnessing liberal policies kill a rich state in real time. Dick your wrong and you care more about illegals than citizens
Stolen valor should be the last one commenting - shame.
Are you a Vietnam War veteran? Didn't think do
Blah blah blah from chicken little. Incessant partisan bloviating from a hack with no credibility.
@CTDems and you lied about your service so!!
The emails, no kidding.  Your just realizing it now?
#FakeNews
No, it's a pipe dream of whiny Democrats who are desperate to regain power.   #fakescandal
Keep fighting the good fight Senator!
keep telling my young teens - this is history. One day you will see that you lived through a very historic time
You are vietnam vet right you liar
Other FBI agents  backing up Comey's account.
Stop all business in the senate until a special prosecutor and independent commission is put in pace.
#FakeNews from the #Democrat #Media #Complex AS USUAL!!!
I hope students everywhere are watching this closely. This is history in the making. What not to do as leader of the free world.  Take notes
#SethRich
We have been watching obstruction of justice for the past 8 yrs. Fast & Furious, IRS Targeting, HRC's crimes, Lynch on the tarmac w/Bill.
Bullshit #FakeNew
You're toast  #FelonyLeakers
He needs to be impeached
Almost as bad as Obama proclaiming on national television Hillary did nothing wrong during an ongoing investigation!
What about fixing Connecticut ?
Obstruction of justice is lying about serving in a war Dick . Put down the crack pipe
@POTUS can ask for favors he wants. #Comey can deny them. But Trump, most GOP, all Dems, (including >>@SenBlumenthal) wanted Comey fired.
It's time!  Impeach!!!!
interfere with our elected official on anything other then cold hard fact,which you folks have yet to produce,prepare for war!We the people!
Based on something read in the NYT w/ unnamed sources. Put your lawyer's hat on Senator & tell me how you would shoot that full of holes
Obfuscation of Reality!
Yes we are and the Republicans are putting party before country AGAIN
Trust u will push the fight forward
#StolenValorAct
Go get him Senator!
Then get it done!
Bullshit. This is a complete crock. A memo from a known liar to himself isn't evidence of anything. #SETHRICHCOVERUP
An official FBI memo documenting a conversation is admissible evidence. You might not like it, but that doesn't change the facts.
Bullshit, it's hearsay. Love to see somebody build a case around a memo to one's self paraphrasing an alleged conversation not under oath. 
You're about to see it happen.
Highly Doubtful.
Instead of "Highly Doubtful.", you might give "Inconceivable" a try. It fits what you're saying better.

Now you have it!!  Thank you!,
Where is @SpeakerRyan????
Who? Where's Marco "it is what it is" Rubio
The obstruction of justice took place when Trump became president.
so says a known liar #stolenvalor what was your military experience again? #idiot #hack
YES, reach across the aisle senator, get them to realize the danger to our democracy and there complicity in letting this continue.
Real people get fired for much less, much quicker, too. But u guys take ur time...make sure everyone gets the message about how ur "feeling"
Are you Senators going to watch?
No obstruction of justice because it's FAKE NEWS. So you're calling McCabe and Rosenstein liars? You, the epitome of liar?
Howl at the winds all you want. Trump is a criminal and a traitor. He won't  hear your screams from the deep hole he will be thrown into.

Multiple counts of obstruction of justice.
you would have to prove intention. Remember?
The ship is almost under water
Get him out.
Living in a Tom Clancy novel.
Vivisection of Justice
Now we know why it took 18 days to release him.  Trump was trying to get charges dropped.
BULLSHIT
Seditious WH, Cabinet & GOP Congress have acted illegitimately. Constitutional Crisis. #TrumpRussia investigation/resolution NOW! War on USA
We need to THANK COMEY FOR SPEEDING THIS UP WHERE IT NEEDED TO BE SPED UP.  THANK GOD.
