Brazen and baffling – Trump’s ending of ACA subsidies means higher premiums, destabilized markets, and pain for working families.
Disgraceful that Pres. Trump is undercutting Americans' healthcare in service of misguided, myopic crusade against ACA. Not leadership.
Congress must act immediately to spare Americans from the devastating impact of Trump’s horrific healthcare sabotage.
#Trump is using the hlth of MILLIONS to SABOTAGE a law he took an oath to uphold. A despicable & IMPEACHable offense.
No #AMJoy for #USA on  #SundayMorning when we realize #TrumpTweets about destroying #HealthInsurance market were real not parodies! #SaveUs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hlt3rA-oDao&sns=tw … via @youtube #SNL's #IT #PennyWise #KillerClown #KellyanneConway w/ #KateMcKinnon #SundayMorning #AMJoy #FBRParty

Exclusive: First charges filed in Mueller investigation #FridayFeeling on #FlashbackFriday #Boom #ItsMuellerTime  http://www.cnn.com/2017/10/27/politics/first-charges-mueller-investigation/index.html …
Thanks for admitting the ACA is deeply flawed. Now stop attacking Trump like all the other liberals and do something about it?
Mueller is doing his best. It's just a matter of time.
Senator, you Democrats have been using us as political pawns for more than 8 years.
He is working on it.  It belongs in Congress which is where he put it.  Now get McCain to agree and your ok....
what a bafoon you are fake Vietnam vet! dictator bama wrote how many EOs on health care?????
Then you should work with him on repealing it
But in reality, once this gets lined out, it will improve the system and cost. Get govt out of our health care.
You had 8 years to do something!!
When taxpayers are held hostage with payouts for goods or services, eventually becomes extortion by the suppliers!
The fact that you state that the much Ballyhooed ACA needs improvement is encouraging!
Trump doesn't care about anyone but himself and his family.  His business career reflects the same self-centered values.
You mean like the "dreamers" you're exploiting for political gain or seniors or women or minorities or the poor the sick, tired, thirsty....
trump is acting as a tyrant -1 man rule flouting the laws of the US. Toady GOP say nothing and are complicit. Vote them out Dems in!
He’s trying to work with you wingnuts but all u want to do is resist. So this is all on u and your party. Deal with the consequences!
You can keep your doctor and your plan.  Your premiums will go down. You will have more choices. CBO says 23 MM more will be covered Eh...
Not going to happen Senator! Next!
ACA was doomed before DJT assumes office and you know it.
I just wish lawmakers knew what was in it before voting for it.
The only way to stop this madness is by voting the GOP out in 2018/2020. No 'protest votes'. Vote like your life depends on it. It does...
He’s a bully. Not Presidential material. Couldn’t even be a competent dog catcher because they’d attack his phony ass.
Maybe you should have tried! Do your job you were elected to do
Funny that's how u got this junk #Obamacare you all had 8 darn years to make it better but now you blame @realDonaldTrump for it? #retire
He doesn’t have the complex skills it takes. He can only name call and bully
I guess sense of irony isn't your strongest attribute
#25thAmendmentNow
Can't wait for November Elections...fire them enmasse
Gather your colleagues together and DO something about this menace before he does more damage!  The time for you to act is NOW!
There has to be a way to end this madness!  @realDonaldTrump is a lunatic. What about 25th ammendment ? He is destroying EVERYTHING. WTF???
What has he destroyed please list facts. Not your hate...
If it the law of hr land then why don’t congress and senate use it?????
Repeal it!
He tried. You Dems are nothing but resistance
Since ACA is the law, what does this exec. order mean? Headed to SCOTUS? Guessing the insurance markets are in turmoil today.
@POTUS is going to do exactly what he wants. No intention to work with Dems. He has been sabotaging ACA for weeks, he now owns his Trumpcare
You mean like #Obama and what was it 150 plus executive pin swipes? Obamacare was a failure when it was written after it was passed.
Dont you get it? It has Obamas name on it
So does your mom
#25amendment #impeachTrumpNow
trump thinks compromise is losing - and doesn't mind cheating, lying or punishing everyday Americans so he can "win."
President Trump is working within the law as outlined by the ACA. So far bipartisan seems to mean he must switch parties to be a Democrat.
Dems are obstructionists
Thank you for being my Senator and all the work you do for citizens of CT and the U.S.
It was great hearing you speak in such a bipartisan manner this morning, especially considering the rancor of the current political climate
What it means is obstructionist like you and RINO's need to get off their ass and do something. MAGA.
override the EO!

He broke the law by choosing not to uphold it and should be swiftly impeached!
Yet again what is done to stop this? Nothing what do we have reps for? Talk? Don't even want to live in this country lots saying the same
Bye do you need a #ticket ?
But you Liberals refuse to work across the isle remember he has a phone & a Pen
@POTUS doesn’t give a shit about regular Americans.
What is a regular #American ?
Says guy who’s sniping killed all hope for fuel cell tax breaks. You are an obstructionist. How can any deal get done w your spewing hate.
ACA is NOT a right & it was invoked by Constitutional Obama overreach. It would bankrupt the USA
The way you wrote the law led to this being possible.
Remember, regular Americans disgust trump; Any who are not billionaires, should be destroyed so the elites will be happy and then praise him
What is a regular #American ? Last I looked billionaires have done nothing to help. If they did they would be millionaires.. wake up
You cite law? Okay, show us where it says insurance companies will be subsidized.
Why did Obama not try to fix it? Why did you not try to fix ObungleeCare?
Then why don't you all get together and do something about it you can override him
And we also have immigration laws which you ignore daily. ACA hurt millions more than it helped therefore can we now sue 4 punitive damages?
So you are saying Trump adopted the tactics of the left. You never said boo when Obama drafted unconstitutional executive orders.
The President of the United States is harming Americans. What are you going to do?
Vote him in again in 2020 @realDonaldTrump
So Trump should work with democrats even though Obama didn’t work with republicans on it to begin with?
Trump doesn’t know how to work with both parties because he believes he is a dictator and not the office he was elected to.
Funny sounds just like #Obama when he was in office.. he even spied on you...
ACA is soon to be not the law of the land because it is a nightmare that is a failure
Blumenthal loves corporate welfare!
The EO signed by Obama to appropriate these funds was deemed illegal by a court. President does not appropriate funds, congress does.
He's violating Art 2 Sec 3 Take Care clause
ACA subsides are against the law of the land.  The #coward Blumenthal should work w/ both parties on improvements, instead of complaining abt trump.
#democrat 
#StolenValor 
#Vietnam
like your #superdelegate butt worked with both sides to pass #Obamacare End subsidies to Big Insurance.
We're not political pawns.  We're just pawns because there is nothing political about sabotage. Politics has left this debate long ago.
The ACA IS EXPLODING ON ITS OWN! The young can't afford the premiums to support the poor or elderly! I pay $144 a week 4 me!Next year $194
Your kidding right? Time for plan B @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats

What he did will help my small manufacturing shop and my employees. You are wrong.
He has screwed up any possibility of working with anyone!! His goals are to destroy the country and everyone but rich alt-right!
This now TrumpCare. He owns it lock, stock and barrel.
Can't work with democrats no common sense there. This order is the new better law of the land
what a joke neither party will work with him
He would if both parties would get off their butts and do something
sorry, u r the ones that should've been working with him and GOP, instead of being an OBSTRUCTIONISTs  !!!!
Stop Whining Center, Bloomfield. Do something about it. Get rid of Trump now
but republicans NEVER wanted to improve anything the "black" President offered or had made into law. All about erasing the "black" President

Should’ve would’ve could’ve. He works alone. Remove the scumbag from office NOW!
Maybe Obama shouldn’t have spent money that wasn’t his to spend. Also, maybe 12,000 deductibles wasn’t the smart path for Dems to take.
You a little on the hypercrite  side eh?
