The Russians are coming?  Get over it.  Trump was rich enough to hire his own hackers - didn't need Putin. Investigate death of Seth Rich.
WE MAY BE PAST AN INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION BUT AT LEAST ONE REPUBLICAN GREW A PAIR N ASKING OTHERS TO CHOOSE COUNTRY OVER PARTY IMPEACHMENT
I'd say we just skipped to Impeachment proceedings. Obstruction of Justice.
Blumenthal is an idiot don't listen to him! He lied about Vietnam! He has been destroying Ct.
Try looking in the mirror Senator.
Why dont you put country first for a change. Less microphone. Less posing. More work.
Dont need one.
Independent Committee/Commission w supena powers - AG Sessions, DAG Rosenstein, DOJ are compromised
they just might NOW!!!
Step up! Be the Howard Baker of this generation. Country before giant orange babies.
Dick, put Americans on your agenda. Democrats are losing their party due to corruptness and crying about everything to take their perks.
.@GOP @SenMajLeader @SpeakerRyan Put country before party, before its too late.
Thank you for standing up...CT WANTS JUSTICE
Not just that- impeachment is necessary. Immediately.
With all due respect, @SenBlumenthal, fuck a special prosecutor. Way too late for that. 

IMPEACHMENT ARTICLES, NOW!
I urge my Republican colleagues to publicly back an independent special prosecutor. Put country before party.
Right after they get to the bottom of this.
Let's just skip right to Impeachment, shall we?
Time is critical. Dems should be drafting Articles of Impeachment to begin the process and jumpstart the investigation.
Sen. Blumenthal thank you! Your strength & patriotism as you deal w' these issues has meant so much to many. We will be w' you at the polls.
No crimes, no special prosecutor, no impeachment. Stop wasting the people's time.
Who stands for USA .  Yes to special prosecutor!
Thank you, Sen. Blumenthal.
Sorry, this is beyond special prosecutor.  Impeachment needs to start now!
Oh please Dick as you did for HRC? You endorsed her behavior and the DNC rigging the primary. Any word on CT's bond downgrades?
Lead by example please.
For once!
Let's get to the bottom of the unmasking, absolutely!
The GOP has gone underground. Scandal after scandal and all is quiet. Disgusting
Thank you Senator. God bless you.
Thank you, Senator.
Where were u when HRJ was on hot seat? Was it country first, party second? Blumenthal is apex of hypocrisy. And a self proclaimed Nam vet
It is way past that. The FBI investigation needs to wrap up, and there need to be impeachment hearings on 25th amendment hearings ASAP
@SenBlumenthal is putting country first what you did when you asked for five deferments during the Vietnam war?

No! Not a Federal issue! Keep Investigating Unmasking, Emails
Forget Independent Prosecutor! Articles of Impeachment now!
Oh it's gonna get worse since the Repugnants aren't finished using 45 to pass crappy policies! When it does, he'll be their scapegoat! 
#traitortrump
Impeach this traitor now !! He has obstructed justice in at least 2 instances !!
We would hope that the GOP love their country. .. yet their actions prove otherwise
@BStevensNewtown  re: .5M you wasted Gov.Malloy 2010 corrupt prosecution you terminated when he gave you Sen.Nom Stolen Valor
SAY'S THE MAN WHO FORGOT ABOUT HIS MILITARY SERVICE OR LACK OF OF IT!!!! The people voted @realDonaldTrump as @POTUS MOVE ON!
They won't.  You're going to need to try a different tack here.  GOP are party over country, even if there's no country left.
I urge you to stop undermining the security of America with your outrageous smearing of President Trump. The election is over. #sedition
Maybe we should start by recalling you senator
Yes, because we all know how sincere and genuine you really are.   (Although you do like to spend tax dollars. ) Sigh....
You should've done that eight years ago you blowhard - just ask your Democratic colleagues:
Thank you for your courage. Please continue to work for Trumps removal from White House before it's too late. We need more Patriots!!
They won't
Good Lord! Trump is one screwed up corrupt ass-hole. Impeachment is over due. Who the hell is running our Country, Trump or Putin???
Prosecute for what?
you must STOP ALL business in the senate until this is done!
Agree completely
.@sencorygardner Hope you are one GOP Senator to put country first
They should quick being President Trumps puppets and get this country running again.
Blumy, are you at all concerned about the Seth Rich cover up?
re: .5M you wasted Gov.Malloy 2010 corruption prosecution you terminated when he gave you Sen. Nom Stolen Valor
Senator, they aren't going to do this and you know it. So remember this mass betrayal when you guys take over in 2 years. Seek vengeance.
Blumenthal needs to prove there was a crime. He's has nothing! His job in D.C. Should be cleaning that Vietnam war memorial w/ a toothbrush
He's a Despicable liar!
That's what I've been saying all day! #COUNTRYB4PARTY
Says the man who tears down our president all day on twitter and faked being a war hero #bigballs
Your Republican colleagues have proven themselves to be beyond redemption.The only hope is to flip Congress.
#trumportruth - time to choose!
Maybe it's time to demand?
you are the one to be investigated for your false reporting stop stirring the pot and work with the president not against
Thank you Senator for your allegiance to the country and not the party. We must demand an independent special prosecutor.
But he can fire them to ... how about impeachment investigation to cover everything under one umbrella
YES! & majority of Americans also #mandate that Congress create #IndependentCommission with #SpecialProsecutor able 2 charge criminals etc
Senator Blumenthal asked the GOP to do the right thing even though he never will.
Obvious russiabot is obvious
Democrats- Cold Wars Over, Russia Is Not A Threat
Colleagues? It's been obvious for months that they aren't colleagues of yours.
The coup is the coup. If you're against it, you're not in it.
@KennethStarr is available 4 hire
