Thank you Sen.Blumenthal. 
Gorsuch cannot be confirmed!
and what specific qualifications does Judge Gorsuch lack?
The hearings need to STOP until the investigation of the current admin is over. OUR REAL POTUS who served us honorably for 8 yrs was denied?
It is causing me waves of physical pleasure to watch you commies suffer.
I would rather listen to Pocahontas screeching than listen to this dribble. You are pathetic. Get Chuck to cry.
Thank you for your hard work.
, any thoughts on why CT is severely in the red?
, #nocluemalloy #taupier2018gov
Great job Senator. CT is lucky.
Why are you happy you have Blumenthal the Vietnam liar as your Senator?
@hale4jesus @merrill2n @SenBlumenthal cuz Stolen Valor is okie dokie with the Left.
You're an clown and a racist who denies poor black kids vouchers to go to better and safe schools!
You couldn't shine Judge Gorsuch shoes.  He has everything you don't. Integrity, honesty, intelligence and humility.
I watched the hearings with great dismay.  It appears your a democrat & career politician more than a human being & citizen!
how Many rounds of questioning will it take before you get embarrassed by Judge Gorsuch
Watch what? You did horrible. He did Great and you're a liar. Shame on you.
my Gosh you are thick and just trying to make it look like he's refusing to answer when clearly he DID.
.... or you can go to HGTV and really watch grass grow.
are you proud of that? You attacked him, asked for simple answers to complex questions. You didn't make yourself look well.
@StormFurey please please please we need to not appoint Trump's people! People who vote them in will be voted out !
You realize Dems were rude & disrespectful? You attacked his integrity and character! How do you think he FEELS about that?
yes and how is your so-call Vietnam service?
@pelisanblaze2 @angiekay500 @SenBlumenthal I was there 21 months, never saw you. Where exactly were you stationed?
@Carold1123 @seabiscuit7 @pelisanblaze2 @angiekay500 @SenBlumenthal Blumenthal was lying about his service?
I'm watching your interview today. Do you have any idea how absolutely ridiculous you sound. He has answered your question
great job Sen. Keep pressing for direct answers.We are lucky to have u#GorsuchHearing #Gorsuch #ResistTrump #TheResistance
gotta say he turned me off!
no matter what the naysayers tell you, someone has to ask the tough questions and the Repubs won't. Keep on pressing!
Judge Gorsuch demonstrated he loves his country and is one the best nominations ever brought forward and you know this Dick. @ChrisMurphyCT
Democrats have chosen their party, their ideology, and their personnel enrichment over the interests of the American people.
Democrats have embraced their label of #SmearMerchants this day with their efforts to demonize the honorable Judge Gorsuch.
Today we've witnessed how far @theDemocrats will go to smear the good name of one of the few honorable men left,Judge Gorsuch
Judge #Gorsuch answered he agreed that decisions were proper legal conclusions - yet he you hound him due to how he said it
Does it bother you that Democrats are so pro Planned Parenthood&also are the main recipients of Planned Parenthood donations?
Let's talk about your Vietnam service shall we. You said that you miss spoke" No You Are A Liar.
(1 of 2) Isn't the purpose of the Supreme Court to uphold the Constitution (law) - so Judge Gorsuch says he agrees on Brown..
You used your time to demonize Trump for his so called disrespect of the judiciary...How about you Repecting the Trump voter.
Why do Trump's daughter and son in law have offices in the West Wing? What, exactly are their roles?
to be put on the payroll and take more of the taxpayers money!
is so full of himself &has so low of an intellect (clown), it was almost sad to see the silent smackback fr #gorsach
Senator Blumenthal, I know you can do better.  I think you are a good man at heart.  Please do better for us.
U don't need a second round 1st was total crap u not going vote for guy so stop wasting his time go back to Conn
And now your talking about the future -- an interview in November of 2017 -- Ooops
First 8 minutes wasted trying to make your own political statement and goad a great individual into attacking OUR President
NO VOTES NO ACTION on this corrupt administration until FBI probe is over!
counting on you to vote no b/c of what GOP did to Garland and integrity of SCOTUS. also Gorsuch is a wolf in sheep's clothes.
Respectfully, hope you clarify seeming hypocrisy. You railed against attacks on judiciary then accused him of BAD behavior.
Please stop this nominee until Garland gets his due and respect.
Gorsuch has it all!Only an anti would not vote to confirm him! I am CT voter watching 2 see how CT Senators & Reps vote! 
no one cares! Your a partisan hack!
Regrettably your not in the same league. Please try to avoid losing what little credibility you have left.
Shameful..how did the CT people elect a liar???
You lied about Vietnam....so why should we ever trust you?
The tone of your questioning was very offending. Evaluate Gorsuch on his merits/rulings not your political bias!
Thank you!
i could feel your frustration at the end when he wouldn't answer a simple yes no question ... thank you Senator

Keep it up! Well done!
Who cares what a doddering old #stolenvalor liar has to say?

U ? #Gorsuch integrity after U lied about your service in Vietnam?  How rich  Why we despise DC
wish he got to ask you about your time in Vietnam! Stolen valor
kinda like Dump's five deferments & calling avoiding STD's his own personal Vietnam?!  #trollmute
go color little snowflake. Trump is your president #dumbtroll
why are all you Dems so hateful and condescending ?
What difference does it make You will not vote for him anyway
Republican or Democrat he looks like a great choice.
@dawnellemurray @SenBlumenthal Gorsuch is a rock-solid smooth jurist!
you looked like a scared robot. If you oppose a great judge like Gorsuch. You are saying he is a so called judge. Hypocrite
remember Blumenthal LIED about service in Vietnam folks
You act as an ideologue
You were not very nice. It doesn't matter how calmly.
No I'm sorry.  Trump has taken too much time nominating everyone.  #TooLate #IDontCare
Did you ask him what he thinks of your lie on your Vietnam service?   Disgusting liar
