/ Keep dreaming. .
@realDonaldTrump faking to be a veteran for votes, disgrace!
@alexespind 

#SessionsMustResign for Perjury!

This cannot be allowed to go unanswered! 

He must represent justice! #resign
how did the Vietnam war work out for ya?
It's impossible to accept discussion &/or demands regarding honesty/truth/lying from smbdy w/lied about his Vietnam service.
r u related to Sid?
I think you should resign for making a big deal about fake news. Where is the proof of any wrong doing....huh...huh
Not sure what bar he passed, but lack of candor under oath, at best, perhaps should be brought to their attention
completely agree! @SpeakerRyan @OfficeGovEthics time to get to action!
what are you  and the dems working on other than full time obstruction?
Good luck finding a new career Mr. Blumenthal
What is a credible explanation for lying under oath?
/ Ask Blumenthal. He lied to get elected and after being caught, admitted to it.
.. And this is coming from the lying wanna be Vietnam solider that's involved in pedophilia?
Get the log out of your own eye!
thank you for your service to Connecticut citizens. Keep up the fight
vomit. Did you call for Holders resignation and for Hillary to step down for her crimes. You make me sick
@ChrisMurphyCT @SenWarren @SenSchumer How much longer are you going to wait? #ImpeachTrump Its your civil duty. #Resist
DICK...we'll see @HillaryClinton in orange jump suit long before you'll ever see @attorneygeneral's resignation! Brace for it
: you need to resign you are a liar #VietnamVet
: hope arrests for pedogate come today!
Thanks for everything you are doing.  #45 and team lie, then act surprised when faced with video evidence.  Crazy!
What is a credilbe explanation for your lying about serving in Vietnam?
#TERMLIMITS
Where were you when AG O was running guns next AG O meeting x Pres on tarmac? Oh cashing in!
@Adamtheactivist "Credible explanation"?! Who among us could commit perjury in oral AND WRITTEN testimony and skate?
can you provide an explanation for such ignorance? Your resignation might be necessary.
Lauras rightAmericans wants to move on & stop the witch hunt.  Let's get the economy going.
with all due respect , he lied under oath , he needs to resign and be prosecuted , come on! And get POTUS out!
you should resign for lying to the voters about your record
HYPOCRITE!  You have a lot of nerve accusing someone else of lying.  RECALL YOUR SERVICE IN VIETNAM????
You too delicate to say the word "lie?" Good grief, man, grow up! We need candor & truth-telling, not tip-toeing around!
@JoeNBC ..a false statement is a lie...pls don't let your colleagues sugarcoat.
is there a credible explanation for lying under oath during a confirmation hearing for AG. Seems entirely incredible.
so when do we get the explanation?
Constituent here. #Sessions said 2of his staffers were at a #SergeyKislyak mtg. Can u pls call these staffers b4 Jud Comm? TY
u were an attorney general, I can't imagine u doing what Sessions did, I don't trust him!
Think it's telling Sessions wouldn't recuse himself till he got caught... this is why people don't trust politicians
Kushner meeting w/Russian Ambassador in Trump tower... not buying the Donald didn't know
not buying Sessions didn't  remember what was said... he didn't get to where he is forgetting conversations!
absolutely
no explanation is credible, a lie is a lie is a lie.  Resignation!
You have no credibility and no accomplishments. Further nobody is listening to you. Your job is to govern and be truthful.
Jared met with Russia too. This goes right to 45. #persist
thank you for staying focused.  Proud you're my senator!
have you spoken to anyone from the Russian embassy during the last election cycle?
Perhaps take a closer look at the cabinet and 45, especially the obvious ones with Russia on their resumes.  Thanks
yes
@Erikd25 Coming from the credible Vietnam veteran, please
PLEASE help make that happen!  Thank you.
tricky Dick is at it again! Typical Connecticut lib politician!
this talk of Sessions is nothing more than a smokescreen to divert attention from HRC criminality in the Clinton Foundation.
Special prosecutor should delve into Blumenthal as well. Expose Clinton's corruption in her 'global initiative' as SOS.
not once did any of you morrons ask for special prosicuter for hillary she is guilty as hell
here is a partisan parrot from HRC-BHO. Hacking HRC is not an act of "war" ..it was a public service. The only way to truth!
Please retract fangs - snakepit out of control
Sally Yates should be special investigator/prosecutor as she demonstrated the ability to put constitution before Trump
But he didn't! And he kept his recusal only focused on campaign investigations not Russia 
Then I guess you should resign for having said you served in Vietnam when you never did!!!!
Nope.
So will yours
Focus on CT.
you have no clue you sound like such a whiny sniveling baby your fired
Only YOU should resign and all your colleagues who lie about POTUS & Sessions. Obama & perhaps you are committing sedition.
@AGJeffBSessions But NEVER will Jeff Sessions resign. You & the DEMS are disgraceful, like Obama just want to take down POTUS
@AGJeffBSessions your un-American attacks on AG Sessions continue today. He made clear he will recuse himself, sadly.
@AGJeffBSessions Senator, U & the Dems besmirched & lied about Sessions during his confirmation, called him a racist, bigot..
Did you go to law school? He was text book. You are a joke & wasting our tax $$
Do you hear yourself talk? Omg! You sound like ur talking in circles hoping 2confuse & boar pple so thy dn't notice ur wrong
@SenSchumer @SenFranken he should resign...not understanding questions is not what we want from an AG...no excuse for lying
We've heard his explanation. He doesn't recall or believe so. Demand his resignation!
@pelosi @schumer  lol keep um coming. We deplorables vote again next year!
Witch hunt. Get on with the countries
Personally I don't think #JeffSessions owes you anything in the way of an explanation! What are you accusing him of anyway? 
There first needs to be a credible reason.
as you should do.
your posts make it clear u voted for trump. Hard to believe any self respecting woman could have done so.
If you didn't resign after lying about serving in Vietnam why should Sessions resign? What a weasel you are.
Why hasn't #NancyPelosi & #ElizabethWarren been investigated for their meeting with #GeorgeSoros? #Witchhunt
Claire McCaskill lied about her involvement with the Russians.  She needs to immediately resign.
ironic that you are critical of anyone about speaking the truth.. Vietnam
this is from a guy who lied about his military service. Get bent
you lied about your military service. I demand YOU resign.
I can't believe you are @cnn spouting crap about liars. The hypocrisy alone should require you to resign.
there isn't a credible explanation for lying under oath to Congress.
Perjury is a crime. #investigate #prosecute #invalidate
I sure hope he will resign. Maybe VP Pence should have a talk with him?
.@SenBlumenthal You were AG of #Connecticut. How can Sessions provide a "credible explanation" for lying under oath?

#SessionsMustResign
He did! Check it out!
jeez rich
@brownrbjr2002 it's becoming more common than ever and if he lied to VP Pence fire his ass.
When will u people stop fighting  what u can't win and focus on trying to get the nation running better.
Yes!!!!!
@POTUS Coming from the biggest liar in DC that pretty rich #STFU
Session's response under oath - "I have never met with any Russian officials to discuss ISSUES OF THE CAMPAIGN."
Senator Leahy - "Have you been in contact with anyone connected to any part of the Russian gov't ABOUT THE 2016 ELECTION?"
. I'm calling for Blumenthal to resign. you lie, malloy lie.
With a billionaire president who takes pride in not paying his share of taxes, integrity and patriotism are off the table.
it doesn't matter what he says, the left won't believe what he says but they believed everything the last administration said
@ChrisMurphyCT pretty sure Bill Clinton was impeached & dis-barred for this very thing. Amazing double standard for "R"'s.
He, of all people, knows better.  There is no credible explanation.  He must resign.
You first
you know that PEE PEE tape is legit, and so hot. #trumprussia #sessions #sessionslied
There is no credible explanation. It's a simple open and shut case. #Sessions must resign.
He already provided an explanation. His service as senior SARC member involved interfacing with foreign ambs
they talked about grandkids!!!! Ha ha ha!
Thank you.  I hope to hear the same from @ChrisMurphyCT  today.
Funny, I don't recall you saying Holder's resignation was necessary after fast&furious esp since u hate guns so much
Holder wasn't caught perjuring himself on video for one... F&F proved to be Bush's .

is it illegal for a US Senator to communicate with the Russian Ambassador?
it is illegal to perjure oneself under oath
Remember when you lied about your tour in the services. You should Resign!
Well, using “your” standard, when R U resigning?
DickBlumenthalSucks.IT
@SenWarren And you needn't be concerned with @SenateMajLdr invoking #Rule19 regarding #Sessions this time, either. #persist
You and your party are looking pretty pathetic about now! @realDonaldTrump 's speech last Tuesday has you all rattled!
But what’s the expiation for lying under oath?
He didn't lie under oath if you would just read what he was asked and what he answered ffs
And if you are knowingly wasting the taxpayers time and money for political gain you are welcome to resign.
So it's a waste to investigate collusion with U.S. enemies?@SenBlumenthal
I don't see the problem with Russia, you dems are all socialist and against individual liberty
publish the entire question it proves he did not lie. Your dishonesty has always been problematic
so you convict this man of guilt for doing his job?! You are a stolen valor nugget
you should resign, if you can't listen to the question and can't figure out they are asking about the campaign not his job
no reasonable explanation for lying under oath when you're becoming Atty Gen. Dirties the office, stay focused Blumenthal!
bravo. this man is a disgrace. Unsurprising.
He was clearly talking about having no contact with The Russians - the late 1970's punk band from Northampton.
Was talking about 2005  Russian Band contact with Pussy Power.
explain lying about your Vietnam service or resign. #notmysenator
As soon as Donny explains his "heel spurs." @SenBlumenthal
our laws & constitution demands it, and our democracy deserves it.
We are a Representative Republic not a democracy
semantics. We are a country founded on the principles of democracy.
Democracy is mob rule not how we work
.@howm72 @SenBlumenthal we are a nation of laws. Perjury is against the law. Do you dispute that?
love seeing actual action from our representatives! Tear this racist traitor apart Senator!! (Metaphorically, of course)
How is he a racist traitor please explain
-No evidence!
.@SenBlumenthal the appearance of impropriety is too great at this point for him to do his job objectively. @jeffsessions must #resign
