I am introducing a bill to repeal the absurd sweetheart deal that blocks victims from seeking legal action against gun manufacturers.
Repealing the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act will unlock the doors of justice and give gun violence victims their day in court.
So you are saying a car manufacturer and a beer manufacturer should be sued for every DUI and every DUI related death? It's the same....
They'd go bankrupt
Yes it is outrageous....
When you remove your head from your nether regions there will be a great popping sound
and So what are YOU doing about this?
@sexyliberaltour Unlike other products, ppl are harmed if guns operate correctly.
If I illegally hit you with a properly working hammer can you sue the hammer manufacturer? Nope.
No answer to my question? If I assault someone with a hammer...can the  hammer manufacturer be successfully sued?
No, and dopey Blumy knows that, he is just posturing for that pipe dream #potus run...
Well, let's just see how many more Americans need to be murdered for y'all to change your minds.
Well thought out response Ree.
Well I can't change your mind, gun control is a very controversial issue and I can see both sides... but it boils down the the main issue:
American lives are being lost. Are we going to defend them or are we going to defend the right to keep guns, even though it was est. in 1791
JUS dn't NEED ASSAULT WEAPONS ON STREETS HANDGUNS4PROTECTION& RIFLES4HUNTING R JUS FINE wat good is IT2BAN BUMP STOCKS&NOT ASSAULT WEAPONS
Question, if manufacturers of guns, fire arms, whatever can’t be sued why is it ok to sue manufacturers of medicine?
Also OUTRAGEOUS - we (the People) cannot sue you for the damage you do to us.
Why the hell not?
Where do you factor in personal responsibility? Do we sue truck manufacturers when terrorists plough into groups of people? What is the ask?
I think we should b able too sue you nd the rest of the dems as well as the rino's seeing that it's always dems that are behind the shootngs
Fix it and quit complaining! All talk no action! No accomplishments
Thank you for trying.  It's hard to sue when the product is doing exactly what it's designed to do: kill. Maybe we should sue the Congress people failing to protect us?
That's why the founders made sure there was a 2nd amendment. Because they knew governments fail to protect citizens


Guns are not meant soley for criminal acts either, but if you don't think cars are used as weapons, do some homework
Your point was a manufacturer should be held responsible for someone using their product to commit a crime, why not pass an auto law then
So what if someone uses a Chevy to plow through a crowd? Should they be able to sue General Motors? Ridiculous argument Richard!
What's more outrageous when the US government pulls off false flag events: https://youtu.be/MAysq0SDHv8 
When was the last knife manufacture sued by consumers for a knife killing?
Yes that’s outrageous! Who gave them that protection? Who can do something about it? Which Congress ppl take $ from the NRA!? Publish it pls
And who enacted such an anti-democratic statute?
That is one of the dopiest thoughts you have ever had, if you slip because you are wearing socks do you sue the socks manufacturer
Req gun liability insurance and watch lawsuits there regulate the industry...free market at its finest
Uterus insurance is next
Do you have liability insurance on your car?  Same thing
Every female should be required to register to have children, providing they are responsible.

The gun worked and they didn’t sell to the shooter....you don’t sure beer companies for DUI. Lawsuit would be a waste of time and $
A gun's sole purpose is harm and/or death.
Right in a defensive act. If you buy a Ford and turn around and run me over I can’t sue Ford. Just saying lawsuit is not winnable
I’m all for holding people accountable but this is a bit much. Are we suing dairy farmers for causing heart disease?
I think you might find that people choose to eat dairy products, but not to be shot !
They don’t disclose the harm of dairy isn’t that how you sue industry?
The gun mtg and most other companies can't be sued for misuse. If defective or false advertising then they can. Stop the fake news.
We can't sue Congress or the fda when they do something stupid. Diplomatic immunity is harmful
Why?!!!!!
You @DNC leaders need to get your act together before the next election. You're the only hope for progressive independents.
On that note, Senator, why does Connecticut still have closed primaries?
Guns helped poor to fight against dictators & oppressors and manipulators.
2 Words Senator - STOLEN VALOR! You have no credibility - No moral standing!
U no something. If a bridge on a interstate falls u cant sue the government eventhough its thier job to maintain it. Funny Do as i say not..
When will something be done?  How many hundreds thousands have to die before?? Las Vegas is the perfect time to shame and push, I see naught
#Disgusting
Absofuckinglutely.
So we should be able to sue people who voted for you?
Not only unregulated, untouchable
support hr669 support  bump stock and assault bans.  stop trump from using tax money on his lawyers and use of Airforce one for pleasure
Well Dick BLM cannot be sued either when their product which is violent protest injures our customers so what is your point Dick
For a sitting US Senator you're  just a little on the stupid side, how many other products are in the Constitution?
Companies are sued by consumers of the product. That would mean the gun owners. Those harmed by guns are not the consumer, stupid!
You ARE as dumb as you look..
Did you really think this through?
Please work on a new bill to reverse whatever law that allowed this. Resubmit it every year/session until Democrats have votes to pass it.

I'm going to sue Hostess! This diabetes is killing me!
So fing wrong
That would be a game changer.
And just WHO are these GODS in the heaven above that can not denied? Why not go back to pretending this is America, land of the free.
Disgusting
Wow... 
SMH,    we should be allowed to sue you for misrepresenting the citizens of CT.
Every time there's a mass shooting in the U.S, gun manufacturers stock prices rise, as people rush to buy more guns. Now, that's outrageous.
Just like the vaccine manufacturers!
DICKIE, NOBODY CARES WHAT YOU SAY SINCE YOU STOLE VALOR
Unless it misfires and harms the owner...can I sue car manufacturers if someone drives a car into a crowd of people and kills??
What have you done to fix the problem? All talk no action!!! Unacceptable
Yes -- due to a law recently rammed through by the GOP.
There is no logic behind this argument.  Move along.
Well think about it, 2015 more mass shootings then days in the year, they'd all go out of business
They’ve really thought of everything.
How did that happen? Who was behind getting that passed?
Yes that gun jumped out of the case and walked down the road shot someone
Go pound sand. What did you do with the tobacco money?  BTW how much money has CT collected for tax on cigarettes?
This should change and then there will be change.
The very nature of a gun is to hurt or kill, so yeah, that sounds obvious.
How about strict liability for 50% of damages with only defense being that gun was used in self-defense?
Guns do not harm people ~ people do. Do Knives stab people?  Can we sue knife manufacturers?
That's the problem with America!! Sue!! Sue!! Sue!! Who can I sue!! Accountability for our own actions has been lost.
One other thought. What you are talking about has to do with product failure. Not misuse of a product by someone. Don't use hairdryer in tub
Are you doing that to Obama’s Monsanto deal too?
October 2005, Congress passed the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act (PLCAA), granting sweeping legal immunity to the gun industry.
This is an idiot move. Even a moron knows that. Oh wouldn't have anything with your campaign contributions. Give us a break.
The point of a gun is to harm people unlike other goods. Cant sue a company for having a working product
Gun victims didnt die because the gun maufactor did a poor job constructing their product. It is the operator  #LasVegas
Where does it stop? Someone stabs me with a knife, can I sue the knife mfgr? Guns don't kill people. People do. What if cross bow?
They probably can if the gun malfunctions and causes harm but, not if it does exactly what it is suppose to do (kill).
Your comments have now hit new heights in stupidity.
The gun is not defective.  You cant sue Ford if someone gets killed by a drunk driver.  You should give up lying, you suck at it. #Vietnam
This is bullshit. Why can't manufacturers be sued? You've never heard of product liability?
Also, you never explain what gun manufacturers should be liable for. Their guns worked.
Corruption!
It is!
Yes, it is! Why can't they be sued? Causation? Why don't we have strict liability?
Bloomie put your thinking cap http://on.auto  accident do we sue the manufacturer  no unless it a defect in the car
Then r u telling me u can't sue the gun manufacturer for a defect in the gun that caused harm?now if a idiot plows down a bunch of people
Do u sue the manufacturer no!!!!! So if a idiot gets a gun and hams dome one how is that the manufacturer fault ? Please explain
So wrong, thank you for actually caring and working sooo hard. Stay strong we are with you and appreciate you.
Your statement is outrageous! The gun killed no one on its own!!
Jews are highly pro gun for Jews in Israel. But they don't like White people.
You never met a cause you didn't want to sue! You're part of the problem!!! #fakesenator
If the fire arm was defective you can sue. You can't sure for it working as designed. What kind of liberal logic is this?
The phrase "intended use"  That's what they can hide behind.  We need to go at that legally.
I disagree.
It's insane!!!
No one should be able to sue anybody unless there was an issue with the product.Guns are the tool,but what individuals do isn't there fault
Virtually all in congress give us Obamavare but they are except from the nightmare leave 2 amendment right alone
You such lawyer ...
manufacturers of alcohol should be held responsible for every drunk driving dearh
As usual Bloom ur an idiot and embarrassment to Ct.
I think if you can PROVE negligence they can be sued despite the law against harassment suits by anti-Second Amendment types like you! #MAGA
What is negilgant about a gun that harms someone? It's supposed to harm people.

The NRA would be impotent if the 558 victims in Vegas brought a 200 mil $ lawsuit to their front door
A lawsuit claiming What? Just curious.
How come none of you are concerned about the hundreds of people killed in Chicago your Democratic mayor is doing a great job
Socialism, American style.
Lie.  For example how did this lawsuit proceed:
Lie.
Some gun manufacturers make products with one purpose, so kill people. Used for that, it is being used correctly. Not true w/counterexamples
If Americans had to BUY liability insurance for ALL of our guns; we'd think twice about stockpiling weapons & accruing a military arsenal.
repulicans are bought by nra
They can and have been sued for "Malfunctioning" of their products. Sueing everything and everybody for ANYTHING is what I call "Outrageous"
Just shows your true colors. No amount of money brings a family member back. Doesn’t discourage the person committing the crime. No impact
We're harmed every day by what you do guessing you enjoy YOUR exemption
We need a organization called,MAG,Mother's Against Gun's!
But damn they profit:
And people are usually injured when used exactly how the manufacturer intended. Not mishandled. Handled according to the instruction book.
Lawn dart makers were sued, now banned. Gun makers, not.
Neither can we sue the federal government - that’s outrageous
In all fairness, guns are nothing more than killing machines.  If someone dies from a gun shot, the weapon simply worked as advertised.
You are the Senator.  YOU are the governing body responsible for this. FIX IT!
He is not the governing body.
repeal the PLCAA and let's get after gun manuf and dealers for deaths resulting for using their products for their designed purpose.
I completely agree.  And let's change this for vaccine manufacturers, too.
Stay on #RUSSIARUSSIARUSSIA  This is a Putin Style distraction! And Children's affordable health care fell off last weekend? Yes, we need to build bridge over several issues, first stop Russian Invasion! Thank you for all you do!
Don't you mean Mexican and Muslim invasion
I thought there was a case where they did
Firearms do not pull triggers people with mental illness can
$trig  #blocksafe http://Blocksafefoundation.com  #blockchain
This is such weird, crazy thinking that I don't even know where to begin, lol. Does this guy feel the same about knife manufacturers?
I’m surprised you cant see the blood money flowing down the Capital steps.
It is and its coming from planned parenthood
No one can protect Stupid
Your lucky Congress can't be sued by citizens harmed by things you pass
If you can't come up with something better than blaming others you are not fit for any Office of Trust.
GO back to your desk and do YOUR homework. It is a proud idea that America has never been invaded until you realize WE ARE KILLING OURSELVES
Should you be able to sue a car manufacturer if a terrorist drives it into a crowd?  That is the flimsy argument you’re making.
The Democrats Republicans need to make This attachment for the guns illegal immediately! No questions asked just do it!
We should be suing you for the harm you have created for America.
I have seen both sides talk millions of words about this issue for decades and do nothing. Some of which are invested in the gun lobby! Fake
What you are attempting is what I term the hand in the cookie jar distraction tactic. If you have at least 2 kids  and cookie jar you know.
PROOF Have you informed the citizens of your state that if they want Guns to be reistered, licensed and insured, just put it on the ballot?
Spoken like the ambulance-chasing Sgt. Toys for Tots you really are.
I think you're putting on  a show as Regulation of the firearms is a state issue! So how is it that the citizenry is blind to the Ballot?
Bc you are asking gun manufacturers to be responsible for how a human behaves; a person in a car accident is responsible.
A gun causes harm/death when used as intended. A car doesn't.
Vehicle manslaughter. Have you hear of this? Unless there is a defect in the car, car manufacturers are not responsible.
It certainly IS outrageous.  Cars go haywire and people die, car companies can be sued. Drugs kill, drug companies get sued. Why not gun co?
Saying U served in Vietnam when U didn't is outrageous.U being a US senator is beyond outrageous.Being a member of the deepstate is as well.
But it's my understanding that the #OFFICIALELECTEDEMPLOYEES of The People don't want the people to know They have a Right to be safe!
Not quite true, can't be sued just because their product is used in a crime, just like Budweiser and Chevy.
It's complex. `Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act' does afford special provision for the gun mfgs, unlike many other  industries.
Such a law is constitutional! And to the advantage of American Citizens as it educates the entire population of eligible adults in the truth
Gun control
1. Manufacturing
A. Guns
B. Ammunition
C. Explosives
D. Warfare
E. Nuclear energy
F. Etcetera
Z. Liability
It should be law that any person Owning a fire arm must first pass licensing by a qualified instructor which includeds a mental evaluation.
If you are so concerned about our safety why are you opposed to extend vetting for countries associated with terrorism?
Thank you! Money talks.
Otherwise, we would have Toddlers in court refusing to give up their right to exercise the 2nd Amendment.
Auto industry for accidents?  Beer industry for drunk drivers? Knife industry for stabbings? Swimming pool manufacturers for drowning?
How about mandatory liability insurance for every gun owned in the USA? It'll keep the insurance companies busy when we get single payer HC.
You know nothing about firearms just like your colleagues. Idiots only want to take away what you don't understand
Otherwise you would school YOURSELF on the 29th and 46th Articles of the #Federalist papers and realize Well Reuglated is significant...
Can I sue @CutcoCutlery if someone stabs me?
It's called "personal responsibility" Senator.  We know how much @TheDemocrats hate those words, but it's true...
Well as a Senator it seems your understand that seeing as Congress made it Legal for A well regulated militia to be non existent.
Senator, I believe that states should be liable for their derelict #GunControl laws -- when and where culpability can be established.
Then Illinois would be Sued out of existence. All gun laws are unconstitutional.  If someone commits a felony hang them. Prob solved.
Don't forget those Plane Manufacturers that killed over 3,000 people on 9/11 !!!
Vietnam captain of a team in Harvard. Only kool aid drinkers have faith in u. Just a liar !!!
Can’t sue Big Pharma either! How about we fix that too!
Yes you can. Class action lawsuits happen frequently. Every tv commercial that ask “did you have x happen after taking y”
What about those pesky manufacturers of fertilizer and pressure cookers.
Next week we'll be suing Truck manufacturers and Knife Manufacturers for Terrorist attacks...
No it’s not. The problem is we have way too many gun sellers licensed with no legitimate businesses, selling to anyone.
[citation needed]
Can I sue you directly when you violate my rights as well?
NRA, NAZI republiKKKan & KKKongress R misleading public about ATF.WE need an investigation into how the bump fire was legalized. CORRUPTION!
/s?
senator have some common sense here.  How is a manufacturer to know an individual will have a mental break? Guns need humans to operate!

