Is the "independent " law firm one of your buddies?   Maybe you get a house in Europe like your predecessors.
Oh, we should listen to you who lied about being in the MILITARY!
Blumenthal is a proven liar.
No we need one for Hillary to stop all this democrat bullshit. We need to put Soros,out of business.
These Trump supporters are SO clueless.
You are clueless and probably illlegal.
There is NO EVIDENCE of any wrongdoing! Stop with your Russia crap! Dems lost the election because they suck! Period!
NOT TRUE - must be a crime first
Why weren't you looking for a special prosecutor when clinton and obummer were doing all their illegal deals
Your worried because Trump is slowly draining the swamp and you just might go down the drain too. America backs Trump

@SenBlumenthal #stolenvalor
How about Blumenthal covering up zero job growth in Connecticut?..What have you done for job growth in Bridgeport today?
Reporting on fake news instead of real criminals that actually was found GUILTY. STOP REPORTING ON YOUR DAMN OPINION & REPORT THE FACTS!!!!!
Tracie Corrine brown was not liked in orlando   we have another one to val demninga   another racist congreswoman

Do you think the Russians hacked into Blumenthals war records and added the Vietnam time to his record? YEA THAT'S THE TICKET.
Says someone who LIED about your military service.  You immediately lost all credibility with me & I will never believe a word you say EVER!
Looming Constitutional crisis is that Democratic Congress does not know the constitution.  Unmasking &  leaking is a crisis.  Comey is duty
TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS
Worried that you follow no evidence to vilify President Trump but protect those who are guilty of leaking & unmasking.  Real issues.
WHY ANY ONE WHO WANTS TO LIE OR EXAGGERATE COMES  TO THE SIT ROOM, WHEN IT COMES TO SEN. BLUMENTHAL LYING  & EXAGGERATION IS WHAT HE DO BEST
We need an impeachment!
Trump need to stop playing on people's intelligence....the world is watching and taking notes...
Enough is enough Senator. You go!!!! Thank you!
Oh Look. The #DNCPropaganda machine and their toy boy spouting #DNCApproved talking points. Must be Groundhog day! #DNCFraudLawsuit
Says someone who LIED about your military service.  You immediately lost all credibility with me & I will never believe a word you say EVER!
If Sessions has recused himself from Russia, why is he involved in Comey firing and putting thumb on scale 4 Manafort?
Drain the swamp your next  Blumenthal
Don't understand the special prosecutor thing. Can't the senates and fbi handle this investigation? Are these people really this stupid?
Partisan to the hilt and an embarrassment to CT which is one of few states that tolerates such behavior from their legislators
we all know there was a huge cover ups during the Obama administration. That why dumbass Clinton is taking leisurely walks in the woods
@SenBlumenthal @CNN Did Blumy also lie about corruption facts 2010 when he was prosecuting Gov. Malloy, then withdrew case?
You sound like crying schumer, woopie,peloci, waters,sharpton, do something to help our country,it will cost $$$$$$$ and do nothing
Like the Coverup for Hillary and her missing emails!
What you need, is some evidence that indicates that there's something to investigate. Stop throwing crap at the wall hoping some will stick!
Fake news the democrats act like crack heads
Congrats Senator, no one can get between you and a TV Camera. You persevered!
Like his Vietnam fake service? This whole Russian conspiracy story is getting old. Put up or shut up!
Stolen Valor Dick Blumenthal. Liar liar pants on fire says he was in Nam closest he came was watching Platoon in the first row at theater
You can cry and stomp your feet all you want....No special prosecutor for you...ahahaha
Does do a lot of whining actual I live in Ct. and have to put up with iti
We NEED YOU TO GET A COPY OF THOSE "FISA" WARRANTS? OF THE PEOPLE, REMEMBER? @jeffsessions @tedcruz @LindseyGrahamSC
Let's open all the cover ups back up. I'm not satisfied with the outcome. #bengazi #classifiedemails
Perhaps we should hire the same crooked bunch that gave HRC a free pass
It is likely that there is a cover-up going on in the White House. Comey fired is Comey freed. Maybe Comey will tell the world next week.
Another idiot who didn't hear McCabe's testimony today. Is there sh*t in you ears or between them?
@AloEV213 @AltStateDpt @RogueCPI Senator, that ship has already sailed.  You need to ensure the current cover-up stops and no more happen.
Thank you @SenBlumenthal  for speaking the TRUTH...
trump has allready covered up  who knows what ,,with all his firing.as soon as some one in his cabinet gets too close to WH truth in russia.
Want the truth about motives, look into Clinton, Pelosi, Warner, Schumer, Blumenthal, Feinstein, etc. net wealth! Filthy rich all of them!
This senator is a clown he lied about being in the Vietnam war and when this fictional Russia story ends its curtains for the Democratics
#stolenvalor #AllDemsLie
Translating into. I need money
Plain and simple. #RestorePublicTrust.
Blumenthal is FILTHY RICH$$$ as is Wolf! Their one job is to control you so you'll vote for them or watch them so they can get richer!
Things Democrats didn't say regarding Hillary's lie of Benghazi & mishandling classified information for $2000, Alex
What is cover up? US hacked Flynn while he was in Trump tower. Was unmasked by Obama staff. All was leaked to press. Investigate that 1st
We need ind prosecutor to investigate ridiculous senators like Blumenthal&the Dem party's amen corner in the media This's a witch hunt
Should have had one on you for lying. You people make up stories when there are no stories. One more time,Hillary lost. Get over it
Say's the man who lied about being in Vietnam! SMH
Sen Blumenthal's "estimated net worth soars from $73 million in 2012 to $112 million?" Hmm! Wake up people, he doesn't give a hoot about us!
Sure.. Right after we get one to look into Comey and The Clinton Emails.. Its clear he botched it.. Time to look into that first..
You mean @SenBlumenthal & the mouse in his pocket right? Cause the rest of the 165 Million who voted for @POTUS don't give a what he wants!
165 million voted for trump,okWhat do you do for a living count people @ Inaugurations? BTW other 270million democracy loveing citizens do
Give us the Independent Prosecutor we have been asking for on Crooked @HillaryClinton first.
Thank you @SenBlumenthal for your truthful interview with integrity. Slim just left town alright! @POTUS IMPEACH sooner than later!
That guy may have legit mental problems
All @TheDemocrats & their Lib followers have Mental Problems. Their Liberal Parasite eats their cognitive skills out of their brains.
Democrats and lying media want an open-ended investigation of anything Trump until they unseat him.  Fact & dangerous for democracy.
Sorry not happeningStop wasting taxpayers money. America moves on Looks like these politicians need something to do doesn't it ?
These Trumpkins are hilarious! Don't gv a sht abt DT MILLIONS taxpayer$ needlessly blown every wknd #hypocrites
Yeah Yeah that's the ticket it's it's like  #Watergate ! Good Grief who puts these ppl in office ! LOL!!
Work on being coherent.
Even our SCOTUS is not independent.
All these politicians need to be voted out on both sides. They waste so much time on nothing & do nothing to lower taxes & help people
Not until McConnell is gone
Blumenthal is a crackpot political scavenger
Typical rude, NO-INTEGRITY Trumpkin
Ummm...DUH!!!!
