Strong and strict sanctions against Russia are necessary to send a deterrent message.
Trump should support sanctions bill, which passed Senate 98-2 and is stalled in House because of tacit resistance from his administration.
Meanwhile, Putin's meager assurances of partial Syrian ceasefire will only solidify power of murderous Assad regime.
Russia's past ceasefire agreements were disingenuous - and Trump failed to secure any guarantee of compliance this time.
What about CT?

Why r u tweeting when u should b working especially since u r making more $ than u will ever need y not donate ur salary
You're such a tiger RICHIE. One stop shopping for all the world's knowledge. Tell us more "Swami".
Trump and Putin are forming a joint cybersecurity group with Russia So now Putin will have all our secrets
Ellen you are severely dense and without a clue
Or pay for Trumps Wall. 
Real issues by our great Potus raised: North Korea, Syria, ISIS, mass migration, energy...are you nuts or just corrupt?
We need less political rhetoric and more work on solving our problems...  Can we just all get along and move on?
LMAO your a joke.  What did you expect PUTIN to say!
We are scared as Americans. We need you all to stand up. That's why we elect you
Tell it to @GOP who control both houses of Congress. The senator IS standing up.  He is the leader of the Senate fight vs. #Trumprussia
I do recognize the steps taken but we need an immediate shut down of all congressional matters and focus on the real situation we are in now
let dems come up with a plan to save AHCA they screwed it up and won't fix it or help
Are you for real? That is the most ignorant statement I've seen in a long time.  You're joking, right?
How do you know what was said? You also do not rip apart your adversary on your first visit if you want to improve relations
Putin owns Trump. Now.
Instead he proposed a cyber security partnership with Russia -why not give them the nuclear codes & get it over with!
Because Trump is a punk and puppet.
Time will tell if the message got through to Pres. Putin, President Trump may have done more than you think! #MAGA
What message?  Trump was weak, the meeting was a farce. Trump is a dangerous embarrassment.
Make it a practice to judge
persons and things
in the most favorable light
at all times and under all circumstances.

St. Vincent de Paul
Best case: Trump is a dangerous stooge of Putin's in return for helping win electn. Or DT involved w/Russn $ laundering for yrs, owe$ bigly
bets your a putz. No collusion and if you had half a brain not vote tampering.
Oh, now you're calling me names. Not much of a way to win an argument. You lose the "debate" you want to have.
Senator, Trump is selling our soul & security to get his ego stroked by despots. When will Congress take a stand & censure him, at least?
I totally agree with you..There know he's sell us out and they want don't because he's a Republican president
Were you there? Get special inside info?
Trump repeatedly brought up the election tampering by all accounts. You
need to support Trump! Stop your negativity!
Hows could he send a message.  They colluded together.  Doesn't that make sense to you??
Lol you dems don't believe each other #Trump2020
Where's you focus on our crumbling state?
You mean like Obama's message he will have more leeway after the election and then did nothing but bend over
You liberals are never happy. Just give up on all your nonsense . Worry about something real!! Please retire
How do you know that ? Were you there or are you just assuming
Meanwhile Connecticut crumbles
So what does that about Obama?  You are all hypocrites!
Is Obama president now? Why are you pointing at him?
What has @POTUS done that hasn't failed in your opinion?   Jobs?  Regulations?  Did he not hug his teddy bear enough?   U r CT embarrassment
Trump is flushing our country down the toilet.  Is everything member of the GOP insane? They need to stand up to him. NOW!
*every  not everything.
I don't think it was the Russians but the dumb democrats. All that was hacked was the DNC server. Get over it
When will the Democratic Party pay for meddling in the election? Your party lost get over it and get to freakin work! Stop obstructing......
Surprise. A democratic senator isn't pleased w @realDonaldTrump's performance. And where was Obama's forceful message thru 8 yrs?Hypocrite.
.@SenBlumenthal chooses party over country every time. Undermines Trump to the detriment of our country & world security! Wake up #CT! #MAGA
That was never the intent.
Failed in your eyes, I disagree, Major seccess !!!
So I see you favor regime change. How has that worked out in the past?  It is this insanity, waste of tax money that makes me me #Demexit
Because he (Trump) is in with the Russians!His presidency is all about changing rules for business to make money on the poor mans back!!!
Enough!!
Your pretty good at back seat driving; The problem is you were not elected President, and the liberal agenda was voted down
How do you know?
This is the set up to remove sanctions.
Check out this video on YouTube:
It was a game to them
Facts not fiction! Please tell the truth
Put a sock in it war hero
I thought that Obama who was there during the "meddling" extracted a heavy price from Russia.  Oh wait, your hero Obama did NOTHING.
Why???? Only Dems are aloud to cheat and rig elections?
So you know what was said in the private meetings Richard you are no differs the than all the other Trump haters you just keep throwing shit
If @POTUS took a strong stance in public, you and @ChrisMurphyCT would be condemning him for being too forceful or a bully.
How the hell do U know that Dick? U weren't there & likely no one on Trump's or Putin's team told U. Kind of like how U didn't serve in Nam!
Please give it a break.  Really getting old as is fact you are accomplishing little else.
This meeting should never have taken place. Trump is selling us down the river for his own gain. When will GOP wake up?! #TraitorTrump
he should have pretended he was obama, oh yeah that didn't work either, sen. Vietnam war hero.
Can Donald do anything right? Why did Aetna GE UBS RBS leave our wonderful state?
When run guys gonna get it?? TRUMP WORKS FOE PUTIN!! Stop commenting and DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!! #RISEUP & #Resist #25thThe45th #LibertyTree
Could you tell us how he works for Putin, you folks keep saying it but never have a real answer
@SenBlumenthal the fire has been burning for a long time
Are you kidding! Trump couldn't wait to touch Putin. Couldn't keep his hands of Putin. Trump acted like a star struck teeny bopper. Disgust!
Richard I voted for you for years but you are truly a snowflake with a mission. No more votes for you bud.
trump told him he fought in Vietnam... Scared the crap out of him
Thank you for providing the left spin.  Now I await the right spin.  Blended together what do we get?
U know why its because @realDonaldTrump s all talk no action a pus when it comes to someone pulling his strings. A little girl could do more
@Richardson's the puss that never served anyone but himsrlf
how in  GODS holy name would you even know - is #trump or #putin or #tillerson you BFF now... stop showboating
How did  end up in  & allowed to meddle after August 16'? Sanctions will not deter  their are invested & you know that.
On Meddling, a clear message that sanctions will be imposed that far outweigh any benefit if it continues.  WE AGREE HE SHOULD DO MORE!
Did you have John Brennan's spies bugging the meeting? How would you know? Oh yeah, just propaganda.
Why don't u send that message yourself?  Let Putin know u will kick his a$$ if it happens again!  No need to wait for Trump, u do it 
Thank you Sen Blumenthal for your passion and commitment examining confirmed Russia meddling!!
You all know the meddling happen while Obama was in office
Right but senator you do understand that the Russian meddling that you and the Dems constantly claim, happen under Obamas watch. You Dope!
We have been given over to Putin. The world can see that 45* has kissed Putin's ring. We are in dire straits, this is going to get worse.
Here we go again, Richard talking about Russia. I would make a meme about you but you'd prob claim ptsd from your time in Vietnam.
Oh please just stop the bs already..... He did great! #maga
Tell us about your Vietnam service Richard.
I could almost bet a million dollars that it wasn't brought up at all! Tillerson was NOT the person to go in with him. He knows Putin. Lie..
Is it just "meddling" now? Not hacking or colluding? Are you walking back the stronger claims because of no evidence?
Does USA pay a price to the nations whose elections it meddles in? Do you want it to?
Can we get him out now? I think his incompetence has been over proven
We completely agree. The President continues to bow down to Putin and Russias acts of war on our past election. This is frighting to see.

Putin prevailed as expected!
Why would we expect anything different. Trump owes Putin and will never attack him. #treason
Also IMO Trump owe$ Putin. DT will stiff US like his contractors, give back spies' properties, loosen sanctions, get richer. GOP complicit
Will he ? They already work on stealing next elections. Are you aware ?
Impeach now!
Good point.
Putin tells him no according to Bannon I mean Tillerson he believes it his own intel team says he did interfere he says fake news .Med check
He probably told Putin when he could start drilling!  Sayonara to those sanctions and here you go with your compounds.  We need a leader! 
Thank you. This is the first meaningful response I have heard from Congress. Thank you.
So much for that 10x counterpunch. I guess that only applies to American citizens.
won't happen until they hack the GOP...which will happen sooner or later.
This is an understatement.
