Thank YOU!!!! 
#ProtectOurCare
Ooh
you belong in the trash, too, mr vietnam war hero.  Where is the $20000 the ACA robbed from me the last 5 years?
Thank you for standing up for your people in Connecticut and across America!!!!
I'd rather see you drive some "Intelligent" debate, negotiation, compromise. Constant criticism, sensationalism, grandstanding does nothing
The changes to 0bama care are sepetate from the final projected bill. Why not repeal totally and begin fresh. Who s interests a u serving.
my understanding is 14M 11.8M of which is on Medicaid. Where do you get your number? Or is it once a liar always a liar?
Vietnam Dick Vietnam
Thank you sir!!
Thank you
Why do u insist ppl are stupid? It is not "stripped" anymore than I would be stripped of the Lamborghini I chose not to buy.
#obstructionist
who would expect anything more from someone on the wrong side of everything, YOU belong in the trash and not in the senate
Boom....drops mic! :)
Thank you Sir
Thank you Senator Blumenthal. We need you.
How many of your 38 million??are forced to pay or be fined.
Thank you, Senator.
Idiot!
Thank you
#ThankYou for voting NO! My family needs the exchange for Ins. We are self employed business with no other affordable options #SaveACA
Ow it's 32 million? Cmon Dick!
Repeal and delay replacement will kick approximately 32 M off insurance.  Easy enough to look up - go read.
Yes in 10 years if nothing else is put in its place! The left wants you to believe that tomorrow everyone will die
So who are these people who will be loosing insurance? Can you identify them???
Thank you
Thank you
Why not propose a bill that let's states opt for a #SinglePayer system? Or do whatever they want?
CT can and must do better than current senators; watch closely and demand accountability and accomplishment vs. blather; CT voters wake up
Thank you sir. I knew CT could count on you.
TY
Thank you Senator!
Thank you for representing your constituents

Love you. Thank you. Wish you were our president, since we are a leaderless country now.
Saving face after hitting the iceberg and almost sinking the nation . Nice job barack
It's all party politics .  Neither ACA is practical nor beneficial but nobody cared to make it work better.Not a healthy state of r leaders
"Nobody cared"?  Are you serious? GOP Senators won't bring Dems to the table, no matter how loud we scream.  Put the blame where it belongs.
Right like Dems invited GOP to the table when they shoved Obamacare down our throats....good one lol
You believe lies that are SO EASY to disprove.  Google it.  And read something from NPR, or PBS.  It was a BIPARTISAN EFFORT.
You call NO republican votes non-partisan?
And I'll say again - read about it. Republicans were determined to usurp fair insurance practices then as they are now. Greed. Nothing more.
" fair insurance " Are you kidding ?
I didn't say "perfect", but yeah, the ACA sure as hell made insurance coverage across the country fairer.  What we need is single-payer.
Wag the Dog: Another push to repeal, Boy Scout rally, hateful tweets - all things liberals hate - all designed to distract from Russia probe
I wouldn't be bragging if I were you. When you have the same insurance we have, then you can vote. Until then, shut up.
Been to Vietnam lately?
How do we know you really voted no you lie about everything Vietnam vet you lied about that no integrity no guts loser
Thank you!

Thank you once again!
Thank you senator Blumenthal
Thank you - keep fighting for us
Thank you!!! Had every confidence you would! We're on the same team and I am ever greatful! Keep up the great aggressive work!
Thank you @SenBlumenthal
Thank you!! U R our HERO!! ALL OF US R BEHIND U!
Thank you Senator Blumenthal 
Keep up the good work, stand strong. That's what a real person of principles does
Thank you !!Thank you!!!
Thank you. No repeal. Fix the ACA. 7+ yrs & no plan? Do you really think they'll now do it in 2yrs?
Keep voting no, sir. We're counting on you.
Glad you did but stop fooling yourself and your constituents that Medicaid is covering them.  In CT Docs aren't accepting new Medicaid
thank you
Thank you, Senator
Thank you ! #GOPAreTraitorsTo America
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator!  You and Senator Murphy are the envy of a lot of constituents of red states!

This nation needs to get its priorities straight! The people's tax dollars going to improve the lives of the people not corporations.
hey Vietnam vet! Lol
Thank you for staying strong
Every Day Trump becomes more unhinged & harmful to citizens & our national security. WHEN???
Well done! Thank You for protecting us from terrible legislation
Thank you Senator
Thank you!

Thank you!
You just lost my vote.
Oh well.
Thank you
Absolutely Senator!!!!  I can use ! too!!!!

I'm going to guess you're just a tad less qualified than @SenBlumenthal  to know was is worthy for a yea, or a nay.
What makes @SenBlumenthal  more qualified than me? Because he's a career politician and has Big Corporations in his pocket giving him money?
Thank you Senator Blumenthal for voting NO.
Thank you, sir.
Dems always act as if they  care when in reality they don't  they are after their pockets.Always riding on the back of d poor to be rich.
That makes ZERO sense  But carry on with your stupidity. Don't carry for your selfie video, tho.
THANK YOU Senator 
It is okay to collect bribes(lobby) from big phamarceuticals,&hospitals to  enslave americans to pay through their noses.Who is fooling who
Thank you @SenBlumenthal
thank you sir
Thank you
Thank you!  Keep on......
How do you get immoral men to come to God? SHAME THEM. Ahh..but can't shame a narcissist. So ARREST THEM! Find laundered Russian $ @GOP took
Well said! Thank you, @SenBlumenthal!
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you! !
Thank you for voting No.
Thank you sir OORAH
Was Rand Paul happy though?
You belong in the trash not the Senate... Can't wait to vote against you!!!
THANK YOU!!!!!
You Rock 
Thank you
Thank you, Sir.

Thank you from PA
@SenBlumenthal @BWilliams Agree! Trash! Vote 45-55!  Guess acc TRUMP BScout Jamb speech-If you don't get votes, Tom Price "YOU'RE FIRED!"
Thank you sir!  Feel free to use this meme on your Republican colleagues that vote for BRCA in any form...
You voted no because you're not very smart
Please, tell me how this would've been a good thing
Thanks!!!
Thank you to all of you who voted no!  It didn't pass!
Thank you!!
Now I'm BEGGING you to bring this up.
https://twitter.com/_sirtainly/status/888057109115543552 …
I don't understand why nobody brings  this up.
127: #TrumpRussia #KremlinKlan
Russian money laundering bank owner #WilburRoss as Trump's Commerce Secretary cabinet member.
BIG DEAL!!!!!!! 
My family of pre-existing conditions and old, smart people thanks you!!
Conf w/ House of Rep to do what?
Vote on House's #ACHA bill vs #BCRA so repeal can happen faster? 
If so, #WhatPartOfNFWDontYouHear
Once again you make me proud...
Thank you!!!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Haha!
