It's a strategy if subpoenaed then Trump will invoke the privilege
What did he dodge?
subpoena  Clinton and former AG Lynch not Sessions
Absolutely. This is a must
How does this creepy troll become the damn AG if his memory is so poor!
By being a racist just like trump and flattering him incessantly??
Thanks I've been told I'm an awesome "mommy"Hmm now a commie
This is easy-
You don't offer enough
for me to engage in a dialogue
#bot
They are all over the place. I keep getting bit follows - swatting them off like mosquitoes.
It's annoying..however I have no problem with a skeeter
How about the question of you lying that you served in Viet Nam! Shameful that your the best your state could elect!
If his memory is that bad , he needs to resign
Totally agree
I watched it all. Was appalled at your treatment of him.Appalled tghat you and comp. keep with huntingThis hatred caused the shooting today!

Not a lot of faith considering how GOP men just fawn all over Sessions.
Trump's administration has already set a precedent- don't say anything against Trump. They've sworn allegiance to him- they won't testify.
Why didn't you ask the same of AG Lynch when she "dodged" 75 times? Biased.
H won't. Because it GOP CYA POLICY. a made up context meant to baffle and confuse regular folks. In other words,,, Hes a PATHOLOGICAL LIAR.
Absolutely! Sessions had short term memory! LIAR!
you should be in jail
You should be ashamed of yourself ? Do your job!
no Dickie boy he isn't lying like you. You even lied about being in Vietnam Nam.
You should worry about companies leaving your state in droves.Sad.
Agreed!
The hearings are a witch hunt.  A "Left Wing" conspiracy to get Donald Trump impeached. Also, a waste of taxpayer dollars.
If Trump did nothing wrong, why the worry?
No worry. Just fed up with "the resistance"
Senator Bloomingdale how about Vietnam how long did you say you were there I guess you don't lie huh
Yes, saw the entire "I can't remember", "I don't recall" crap and his testimony was not very credible.
He still wouldn't answer your questions. I say get them all for contempt, set them in jail for a bit, they'd all sing like a bird. Or threat
Your dangerous rhetoric almost got congressmen and senators killed. Stop your lies
Thank you for fighting for All of us in America. Regardless of our party affiliation the people respect loyal savants to the constitution !
Ask Granny about his favorite fishin' hole from his childhood in the '50s - expose his *I can't recall* for the fraud it is.
Sessions shouldn't have to answer any questions that is private between him & the president. This is nothing but a democrat setup.
Contempt of Congress.
While I share the feeling,
I'm not testifying.
Throw the bum in a hole in Guantanamo.
Them do something about it!
You are all starting to look complicit
They won't they are starting to look complicit
@Patrickesque - Life comes at you fast, Senator. Did u argue the same on May 16th, 2016?
Thank you Senator Blumenthal. I've moved from CT after 39 yrs yet continue to cherish your service.
Give us a break. Pulling the country down the street is only frustrating us on Trump Agenda which we know is Dems plan. Backlashes coming.
Amen to that. Put Sessions in grand jury and GRILL HIM!!!!
You're really not an American are you?
The Grand Jury should subpoena him too.
Just keep him so tied up in hearings for a few years like the @GOP did Hillary. Yeah, it's B.S., but R's didn't seem to mind. He'll quit
You should be subpoenaed and audited.
You should be subpoenaed!Explain why a man that lies for a living #isawcombatinVietnam would ask an honest patriot to prove anything to you!
Blumenthal should be put in prison. Con artist low life
You're insane! You should be investigated for treason.
Yes, please take a page from the play book of Jason in the house when he went after Clinton! That's the way to do it!
Charged w/Contempt
And Jailed

I don't get to refuse
Questions from Congress
Neither does he

Trump asks for privilege 
Or Sessions answers
Start worrying about Connecticut a state you Malloy and his ridiculous administration and Murphy have destroyed and continue to destroy!!
Why he did nothing and your crap won't be forgotten but you'll win again as you pander to the wussification of America and it's sickening
you should not falsify military records
Stop the vile partisan bloviating. Your hate is now encouraging violence.
@SenBlumenthal You Democrats @DNC have reached a new low in filing suit against @POTUS.U & ur 200 law makers R hate filled evil people. Sick
So proud of you, your courage and interity. I am honored to have you as one of our great Senators. Stay strong! CT is behind you 100%.
Senator...make it so!  We The People deserve servants who have the highest integrity.
He's dodging nothing! But you are dodging the conflict arising from Comey/Mueller close personal relationship. That is a violation of law.
This from the low life senator who lied about serving in Vietnam where thousands of brave Americans were killed. Shame.
Please! Do it! #VoteGOPOut #TrumpLaundersRussianMoney #SaveAmerica
Jealousy never escapes a person who STOLE VALOR! I would hope you would just slink off into the dark moon light and SHUT UP!
11 months u got nothing but a huge waiste of $$. There is more evidence against Hillary, and Barry on Benghazi. Still no Budget in CT.
Sessions answered the questions! The fact that you don't like the answers is very telling! Stop wasting our time with this witch hunt!
Your the last person who should be questioning  someone's honesty. Your pathetic. Your state is the model for why democrats are failing.
You are naive aren't you? Trump will make money and we are getting what we want from him which is to reverse the former government policies
Then figure out with your fellow Dems  how to make it happen and don't allow Repubs to sanction this vile cover up. #Sessions #RussiaGate
I can't answer due to a "policy" of DOJ..well it's a "rule"...well it's a matter of "practice"! Americans want & deserve answers now!
salem witch trials 2.0
Too bad the Dems don't have subpoena power
YOU are calling for that good man to resign? Aren't you the guy who lied about military service in Vietnam? You resign for stealing valor!
You know what Richard. The people that should really be there is Lynch, Rice, Hillary, and of course your buddy Obama. Do some work will you
Their "privilege hasn't been waived" position is a fallacy. It is WAIVED implicitly/doesn't even exist IF IT HAS NOT BEEN INVOKED. Period.
The GOP has become as corrupt as Trump and Sessions by allowing them to refuse to speak at these hearings. They're mocking us! No respect!
I hope they do.It seems the GOP has taken control of all  Government .When are they going to stop the GOP from excusing these guys?
He is a real patriot not a liar like you. Did u think we would forget?
People remember all the Russian interference happen under Obama's watch. The real question is how come Obama's Admin. didn't protect us?
AGSessions must resign he can't enforce the law if he can't speak with civility & truth. #compromised_Trump_admnstration

Plus 1 year for every non-answer.
Today, he said he "tried to tell the truth". The TRUTH is an absolute. You don't "try". You either tell it - or you lie.
This Admin is Compromised and infected by Treasonous Acts against our Gov and its people by an illegitimately elected misogynist bigot (1)
Are you serious??? Get the heck out of office or start working on the issues you were elected for. ENOUGH of the BS
100% agree. Thank you for bringing a lawsuit against trump in violation of the emoluments clause. He needs to be held accountable!
He lied under oath twice and nothing was done so I don't no what makes you think he would answer at question & just say I don't no
Thank you.... We want the whole truth and nothing but the truth .......
I second that!
@RojaBandari are there a bunch of treasonous Rs on that committee too? Because today's Rs were trying to throw him a parade.
Thanks for your honorable persistence & intelligence at the Sessions questioning. You keep hope for a just resolve alive in too grim times
He still took the opportunity to lie - about the reason for Comey's firing
I don't understand. Can't the committee hold him in contempt. What are the legal consequences of not answering a question.
Exactly. @AGJeffSessons is attorney general Not Trump's private lawyer!
He's clearly a master of wasting time, rambling on & on and incessantly obfuscating so that nobody even has enough time to get anywhere!!
As American we need transparency when it comes to our law makers and their decisions.
Sir, with respect, Sessions has no fear of Congress holding him in contempt with GOP control. Why would he decide to answer?
Do you ever do anything but tell others what to do and bitch?
Sessions contempt is sickening. Arrogant little man hiding behind Trump's priveledge.  They don't care about attacks on America. Traitors
Make it so!!!!
100 percent agree.
The subpoena should have been handed to him today as he walked into the hearing. This is handled so unprofessional.  It's disappointing.
Yes. It all makes sense now. Didn't Sessions say he wants to protect Trumps constitution rights DT has his own constitution. All brainwashed
You should have the subpoenas next to you when you're doing the hearing and serve them. It's time to make them answer the questions. Sir
Sir, I respect you and the Congress, but if you all cannot DO anything..Please for all that is holy..get the FBI to bring the hammer down
Oh Well Said Suzan!  Well Said.
And it needs to be done NOW! - ASAP, not in the next month.  The World can not take much more of this.....Do something!!!!!
Yes !!
Yes please!!!

Demsenators  should  be held accountable  for  misleading this  country, creating untold hardships in d lives of  Americans
Please stop with your nonsense... You liberals need to find some real work to concentrate on !! Losers
He would still lie.   It is not about the country or the party it is the white male superiority brotherhood oath
He keeps forgetting so many things and committing perjury. You'd think that the USAG at the very least would quit with the perjury. Sad!
#CT miserably failing
A man that is always trying to do the right thing got persecuted with no evidence of anything.
Senator, with all due respect, that is great idea if your GOP colleagues will allow it.  And please fight to keep the AHCA from passing.  Ty
He did not receive permission from the president to answer those questions. Privileged conversations
#contemptofcongress
Wasnt Holder in contempt of congress,nobody gave a shit then Dems dont have to abide by laws look at the last 8yrs
This is a hoax,Every Dem.Every so called journalist in this country working 24/7leaking doing everything they can to take DT down an NOTHING
Be prepared to hold him in contempt.
Does it matter? He has already shown himself to be a liar
Sessions can't remember what he had for lunch today.

Yep keep wasting everyone's time....
He wont "recall" the answers.

Hey sick what about your state get back to work for people of connecticut
Yes. Please.
Anyone they committee wants to question from this point on should be subpoenaed from now on this is a mockery of justice.
Remove this Mental defisiency old man= @USAGSessions If he dosen't remember important events.
He's MENTALLY INEFFICIENT. "OR CORRUPT TRATOR"
Sessions appears so inept, especially on the heels of Comey. And to not even be concerned about active measures...unfit.
This is what should be done to obtain everything this POTUS has been hiding.
What would he expect of someone he is prosecuting? He should be the standard bearer
And if he doesn't answer will you hold him accountable?!
Please hurry up and serve Jeff with a subpoena. The American people want answers.
OK, Sen, I'd hv 2research this. YOU'RE on #SenateJudiciary, can't YOU issue the subpoena? Can only #GOP cmte mbrs do it? Need majority vote?
He's committed perjury before why would this be any different?
So why wasn't it done immediately?
That's right. And you guys need to start getting tougher! You know, tough on crime! No reason to be softies any more!
Are you the new #AlexJones ? You have the same crazy conspiracy theories hurting the Republic.
The GOP on Judiciary are going to let this guy skate.
It's time for you to get a reality check! The Russian Ruse and Fake Narrative is over.
You have no credibility!!! He did not dodge any questions! Wake up
You tried. Thank you! He's a liar. Even under oath
He will lie no matter what.
Wht dud no one ask what he does remember?
Jeff Sessions will continue to lie.  Hope he was intercepted chatting it up with Kislyak.
Of I were Dems I would call a closed door meeting with chairs of Intel and judicial and ask wtf is going on  and get answers NOW
@OliviaHusseyLA actually he should be held in contempt, and his ass should be thrown in jail!!
You have to subpoena them all b/c they have all signed non-disclosure agreements and only subpoena can overcome them.
They should have said we're suspending until you confer with Trump about privilege. Come back and assert privilege answer goddamn questions.
Yes! Please subpoena him.
I agree %
No he should just ignore u. He has a job to do. I think AG answer plenty today. What else do u need. I just want to see the evidence 10mths?
What's the point? He'll lie just like#CONradetrump.
I think the Judiciary Committee should subpoena Lynch? Why do you not say anything on this? How about Susan Rice not answering questions?
#SUBPOENASessions 
 Senator Harris proved that he is lying & trying to hide.
How is he the US  Attorney General if this makes him "nervous?
They should all be hanged for treason
Since Sessions is using possible future invocation of privilege by Trump as excuse, why not subpoena Trump himself? Sessions opened door.
See if Trump will assert the privilege, or waive it with his blabbering.
Absolutely, it was also clear Burr gave him his questions  yesterday with reassurances that he would hit Kamala Harris hard.
Today Sessions showed America how completely incompetent he is.
Suggest you change channel on ur tin foil hat. Investigate Lynch, Comey and Hillary for crimes they committed which were real and provable.
What are you afraid of besides truth? Turns out the entire gop is allergic to truth they break out in lies.
What are you afraid of? Finding truth about Hillary's national security crimes, Comey and Lynch obstruction of justice/coverups.
No. I want the truth just the truth.
Counting on all you Senate lawyers to get it done!
Why would he answer the questions there?
.@ChuckGrassley @SenFeinstein, pls subpoena AG Sessions to address his non-answers. His disrespect 4 Rule of Law, Constitution is horrendous
Why isn't US AG concerned w Russia's continuing interference in USA? Isn't he responsible for Americans Security? #TrumpRussia .@GOP Treason
Yet Susan Rice REFUSED to testify. where's your outrage over that?!?
Pretty sure he answered questions he was asked. This witch hunt is a waste of time.
Well Dick you know all about lying,I'll give you that HERO.
Who will charge with Obstruction and hold in Contempt Sessions, Rogers and Coats? Are we waiting for Vlad to run the country? Oh wait.
You suck Senator Blumenthal
This entire matter is a huge ruse intended to obstruct the business of Americans. You and others should be tossed out. #dts
I'm not satisfied!
So get it done
