Thank you Senator. However, I want to remain laser focused on #Trumprussia and pray for impeachment party
2018 Mid-Term Elections are just around the corner; get organized to vote. 
@jjbenz19 @realDonaldTrump Those millions don't count to Trump
The LIES from Richard Blumenthal about defunding Planned Parenthood & it hurting women's health must end now
Encouraging contraception to those that are active would help break the cycle of poverty and female shame.
Planned parenthood provides!
@PPact Encouraging contraception can help alleviate the health care crisis.
Mr. President. President Richard Blumenthal. The Blumenthal administration... just practicing.
so much larger by 1.4 million than the smaller crowd on Jan 20th...now back to the Russia investigation
@NancyWonderful @realDonaldTrump Abortion is not reproductive health and why do I have to pay for it? Be responsible
U have NEVER paid for abortion .. LETS be CLEAR .. u paid for birth control .. We pay 4 Viagra
that's not my point. Why do we pay for a liberated persons birth control? Or viagra?
Who supported and paid for supporters and rioters?
One of my proudest moments..will do it again in a heartbeat!
@ReproRights @realDonaldTrump And there are more women than men! Sooner or later votes will show it.
This March was such a disgrace. Real men protect women & are Prolife.
paid for by George Soros!
We need a independent investigation on #TrumpsRussianLeaks & the KremlinMedellin(17*IntlAg) in 0ur DEM election.Trump is aDangerousCriminal!
Killing America's most vunerable and at need children is not reproductive health!
I remember that Pro-Abortion March. Disgraceful! Will you ever stand up for the rights of unborn babies Senator?
Will Richard Blumenthal ever tell the truthor will he continue to be one of the greatest liars of our times?
Richard, thanks for reminding me what a great day Jan 21st was...many not be happy with GOP health planDOA
Thank you for your encouraging words on Chris Hayes tonight. Please keep fighting for us.
this is a bunch of Soros funded paid liars- as r u
Full access to "reproductive health". Just another euphemism for killing defenseless innocents in womb.
Thank you for fighting for an IndependentInvestigation!
Remember this? You can keep your doctor and health care and it will cost less!! Hmmm
In related news, a tough question for @realDonaldTrump and Judge #Gorsuch http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/did-neil-gorsuch-pass-trumps-abortion-litmus-test_us_58b5f90be4b0658fc20f9b29 … @SenBlumenthal
killing babies isn't "health", you quack.
health care so important their responsibility to provide their own constitution does not allow govt provide
These are Vag voters.  They don't think and they don't matter.
reproductive health ??? dont you mean abortion??
Never saw so much Hate coming from DemParty. TheyRall in DC squandering their wealth&making Americans suffer
killing a child is NOT healthcare, uhm, it is called "killing"
murder
Sen you forget current plan doesnt work. Obstruction doesn't work either, build a program that works that is why your there.
ABORTION IS MURDER. The Woman's health does NOT include MURDER GIRLS! your all mistaken! ABORTION = MURDER
Thanks for all you are doing for Ct.  How do we get #45 to release his taxes.  We need to see the connection
Cool and they should pay for it, not me.
we aren't paying for their abortions.
wearing all red on Wednesday like this in support of @womensmarch but i look much better in red
Reproductive health, is that your lib way of saying ABORTION???  That was one of many issues in that march
Yeah I wish Reproductive health shouldn't include ABORTION....that isn't the answer try ADOPTION = LIFE! PLANNED = LIES AND MURDER.
If PP tells/provides birth control, why so many abortions? No aborted babies=no body parts 2 sell. All about the money dufus.
reproductive health is code word for abortion #murder
Nows the time for Reps Congress to Seriously Consider 25th Amendment & Save Integrity USA, US.Institutions & Democracy!!
thanks for representing us
Dear Senator Blumenthal; 
islam treats women like farm animals. Your acceptance of islam is a moral disgrace.
I disagree with you. Muslims treat farm animals much better than women.
You mean the Organized Genocide of unborn babies.
Soros funded laptop and lies about being a Vietnam veteran for votes. How low can a politician go? Ask Rich!
Dick I was looking for the closest PP to Greenwich / Fairfield and I cannot seem to find one any closer than New Haven. Why is that?
whiners like blumy draft dodger.
"Strong men, men who are truly roll models, don't have to put down women to feel powerful"  Michelle Obama. #trumprussia
What about the millions of women who sent a message the following week. How many years have they marched?
@aandbz @realDonaldTrump  we're ready to come back and unpaid!
remember november 8th? 10's and 20's of delegates wouldn't accept anything less than donald j fucking trump
Obama has lied about everything take ACA all lies Benghazi video lie he turned his back on Americans dead
more OK Obama promised flexibilty to Putin ignored the Crimea ivasion all but spit on Israel? more OK
all great remember Obama HRC left Americans to die in Benghazi sold uranium to Russia payed Iran billions
Richard , we know what you really mean , and you don't speak for me ya creep.
Yes! My first march with as many more needed to follow #resist
yeah asap
remember the election results, Dick, when your party lost and lost big?  #MAGA
Access fine, tax payer money f no
bullshit!  Half of them didn't know what they were protesting for!
not true thanks very much.
really? Then tell me why they were protesting?!
you are out of your mind, are you serious right now? As a woman I am deeply offended by this
Another senator who get highly aroused by the dismemberment and execution of children. Why do you hate female children?
NO YOU REMEMBER THIS!MR TRUMP IS GOING TO DO WHAT'S BEST FOR THE COUNTRY, GOT IT!!!!
most of those women shouldn't reproduce.
#notmysenator
Thank you Senator Blumenthal!
arrest junkies at clinic visits!Won't have RX.Arrest bitches!Truth of a junkie! IV drug uses hiding data©™®
no iud prison!Till get one. End that ARDCfrauds racketeering!War criminals for hidden profit. @DEAHQ no joke
Senator, I am yet to read the new plan. Is it available for public consumption? I thank you in advance for your efforts.
Found.  Thank you anyway.  Keep fighting the good fight.
