
Looks like Jason Kessler, the white supremacist who organized the hate march, met with Congressman @RepTomGarrett (R-obviously) not long ago 
Sadly, it is who we are. Get the actual Nazis - Bannon, Gorka, Miller - out of the White House.
What a terrible day.
I agree with you, my friend. Light will overcome darkness.
And we stand against Trump. No more waiting for him to change. TRUMP MUST GO.
Go away
That's not who we WERE, and that's what we need to correct before it becomes the new normal
It's who Cult45 is
Do the math if 33% "approve" (today's poll)..Than 67% DO NOT APPROVE of Trump or his ugly encouragement of today's violence.. #ImpeachTrump
I'll tell you something else we are not about. Supporting congressman that lie about their military record
Congressman that lie about their military record are unfit to serve in congress. You are not trustworthy
DT loads his oval office & cabinet with racist bigots & the Senate confirmed his picks. Unfortunately this who we are. Stand up against hate
It's NOT, "Who we are". Real Americans do NOT condone any of this GOP racism, divide & conquer for power & money. Elect Democrats instead!
Grandstand much?
Sadly, seems that IS who "we"  are. Not the majority, but enough to warrant seeking causes. IMO, poor education, no exposure to diversity
So I take it you'll denounce BLM?
Trump represents hate, bigotry, racism, etc. so evil
Problem is, it IS some of who we are. Too many.
Our leaders have been bought and paid for. Whom will have the courage to walk away?
God help us.
Do more than talk! Get him out!
As long as fools vote Republican we get Domestic terrorists in the WH. Vote Democrat & clean the GOP House & GOP Senate derelect in duty.
Sir,this president is unfit.Its time for congress to impeach.
This President is awful? What about all the violence by Black Lives Matter! WHAT DO WE WANT DEAD COPS WHEN DO WE WANT IT NOW! This is Ok!
Agreed.  What's make it worse is that the White House will not be clear in it's stance.
Fighting, standing, talking, bloviating.  Accomplishing?  NO!
Not one word about the Hate and Disgusting things said or done by BLACK LIVES MATER! OR ALL THE DEATHS IN CHICAGO! 760 Last YEAR, 4,000 SHOT
You don't get to define "Who We Are", Dick.
You are my senator. Unfortunately it is exactly what about 20-30% of who we are. Trump encouraged the removal of this Pandora box's lid.
If the @HouseGOP weren't derelect in their DUTY, they'd have impeached Trump already. Starting w/ the #25thamendment & then Emoluments etc
Let Trump dig his own grave. President Pence however is also frightening.
Apparently it is. And it's solely on Trump for promoting this kind of hate
Unfortunately,  it is. How very sad that this is what our nation has become. Once the torch of hatred and division was lit, it began.
But it's who trump is
It's who the entire GOP is today. If this were a Democrat they'd have impeached him months ago for Emolument Clause violations & treason.
DT insisted on "radical Islamic terrorist" but can bring himself to condemn neo-Nazi, white supremacist, alt-right, white nationalist, KKK
@realDonaldTrump hasn't the HONESTY to call today an ACT of DOMESTIC TERRORISM, because they're his Base, not real Americans.
So, those that showed up to protest the protest are the bigots? Or, are the ones who had a legal permit to protest are the biggets?
Call it out: Trump.  Say it.  This is the hatred and bigotry he foments at his rallies.  Call it what it is.
Isn't it? That's who's sitting in the WH. How'd he get there if this ain't us? We need to own this to move forward.
It's not who we are but it is who the members of the Trump regime are with their anti black,anti gay, anti trans & anti immigrant agenda!
Please retweet your condemnation for antifa at Berkeley.  And all the trump rallys
Sir...invoke Amendment 25 please! Help us!
It's increasingly obvious that is who we are
These groups were carrying sign white supremacist & KKK &they stood proud.They are for hating blacks and anything other than whites
Imprison those who incited hate crimes
Sadly, it is part of who "we" are. I think these bigots want a race war.
Exactly but I didn't hear you speak out against riots and looting in the streets in Ferguson or Baltimore, or condemn the Black Panthers???
Sen.Blumenthal please do not speak naively.Donald Trump has brought this on the country you know it we all know it,DO YOUR JOB STOP HIM.
Evidently it's who our @POTUS and many of his supporters are. Disgusting.
Thank you senator, standing with you.
@itsmissdenise SAY THE NAME SENATOR, WHITE NATIONALISM, trump supporters.
Hate&violence have no place in our democracy. I stand w/all Americans against today's disgusting display of bigotry. That is not who we are.
White supremacy has no place in America. Call it what it is. It's time for Trump, Bannon, Gorsky and the others to go.
Someone needs to speed this damn impeachment process up, sir. We're on the brink of domestic and international war.
For gods sake someone DO SOMETHING
It's OK to use the words. Neo-nazi. White supremacy. We are past the point of vague untethered references to hatred & bigotry
Trump hired alt-right members for his cabinet. He is responsible for the hatred and racist violence going rampant in the country.
But is is what approximately 33-38% of America is, a direct product of the ppl @POTUS pandered to, now they have the support of the WH
Then get rid of Trump

Sorry, Senator. It's exactly who we are for the past 6 months.
Real Americans don't support racism, or Trump's base of willful ignorance and hate. They are not "Who we are". I support @SenBlumenthal
Nothing will happen because the Congress is filled with Nazi sympathisers! Any word from the "Turtle", Mitch ?
In other words Senator, you mean everyone who is not a Neo-Nazi.
Please impeach this complicit president who calls out anyone who slights him but won't call out, by name, white nationalists nazis.
I guess we are now. We need leaders to stop this crap Senator! Please do something!
What are you all going to do ? Trump incites this hate! What the hell will you all in Congress and Senate going to do?
Display of bigotry?
Is that what they call lynching these days? Because that's what we just witnessed. 
Live. On TV.
It's exactly who @realDonaldTrump & his basket of #deplorables!
outreach director slanders reached out to neo nazis. what did you expect?
