that you are not defending your self! You must defend or delete!
Ahh, you noticed too?
I'm Canadian and even I know that's bullshit.
>#NoHateAct
Yes, make a law regulating human emotion.  Nothing crazy here.

Should you not be holding the @GOP for the hate rhetoric first including your own @WhiteHouse? #Impeach45 #Collusion #Treason #TrumpRussia
- Or the Dems who use political correctness to control free thought & speech?
America wasn't founded on principles of inclusion & diversity; class-based society, with Black slaves & stolen land.
are we just making things up now?
America was founded on #religious and personal #freedom and for, by and of the people with #FREEDOMofSPEECH learn history
FAKE NEWS, try reading the Constitution b4 spreading these lies. Freedom & Liberty are hallmarks, not inclusion & diversity.
I have Declaration of Independence, Constitution, & Federalist Papers. Cite where they say inclusion or diversity. I'll wait
pls this is nothing more than an attack of free speech
No, on assimilation, participating in the American dream. Not come to wave the Mexican flag and set up Muslim no go zones.
your #nohateact is what the Dutch call #Article132, which could legally ban the Quran, if ever applied.
#NoHateAct designed to kill Free Speech. Just remember whoever is in control could use it against the other side.
@JimyjoFireline @civilrightsorg Don't forget about Rosie!
No, they have not acquainted themselves with the actual document nor what it says.
actually, no. Also, first amendment. Hate speech is totally acceptable under that, as much as we may dislike it.
wrong. Reread the documents. Very wrong.
This is utter nonsense and an attack on free speech.
Hell to the NO! You don't get to rewrite the Bill of Rights with your revisionist BS. @civilrightsorg
Whats ironic @civilrightsorg is that your comment was flawed, whats most offensive is-----
hate speech = free speech I don't agree with
All these civil rights groups have been infiltrated by islamic fundamentalists.
.@civilrightsorg You're leftists and PRETEND to defend our rights!  NO TO SOCIALISM & SHARIA. You're not American! Ur
Sounds like Germany circa 1933, Russia 1919 china 1951 n N korea 2014. No thanks. Ill say what i want when i want.
wronggggg
WHAT Constitution did you FOOLS READ? Or is that the problem, you have no idea what it says?
and by massaging the Constitution to fit your ideas is in itself hateful, deceptive basically your lying
imagine being so dishonest that you didn't want to admit America was formed as a white Christian nation
"DIVERSITY"? Are you high?
inclusion and diversity are fine but if you come here to live then you except our laws and ways of life.
WE DON'T Conform to yours
Since it would be very small,Y don't you just list the statements that PC*will*allow?And the numbers:is ur two digit IQ Ok?
I assume we are going 2 address honor killings, FGM, gay death penalties, women as 2nd class citizens etc in Islam? #resist
You mean The Thought Crimes Act of 2016..
Repeat after me, the 1st Amendment includes hate speech in the U.S., in Canada it does not.
only allow that speech YOU agree with eh? Suggest you read this: http://constitutionus.com/ 
diversity for its own sake has zero value. Perhaps you could try behaving civilly so we don't hate you
That's just an outright lie and you know it.
It's fun too see all the conservative snowflakes getting riled up!
Yeah, go ahead and pass it! LOL...you libs would be voiceless...BWWWWWWAAAAAAAaaaaaa!
Go somewhere and get an education, university let you down.......hard.
@SenBlumenthal SO HOW ABOUT WE START WITH YOU DEMOCRATES
Hate speech is Free Speech. Stop intruding on civil liberties by attempting to shut down free speech. #1A
There is no such thing as hate speech only free speech. Even if it offends you it's not violateing civil rights.Ur idea does
Question? Do you condone the actions of the protesters at UC Berkeley? If yes, you are hypocrites! That was HATE SPEECH!
You need to think for yourself.the goal of all education.The group is flawed, power of the group magnifies the flaws.
One thing you need to do is stop letting the group think for you.That results in a bad agenda which is where you are now
I cannot believe how many people retreated this without doing any research. These people are rewriting history!
progressive leftists keep pushing these juvenile tactics against conservatives. They are full of hate,pathetic hypocrites!
that's absolutely incorrect, free speech doesnt mean only nice speech, anyone can defend that, hate speech is protected #USA
Lol,just goes2show that name of organization means absolutely nothing,actions show what U stand4Ur name=ChosenFewHaveRights
POS COMMIES!
The first Ammendment protects all Americans right speak freely!!   Period.
Freedom of speech came to be so we could call an ass an ass, to say "I hate..." and express verbally sans persecution. ASS!
Bullshit! America was founded on freedom from gov. oppression, justice and liberty to all. >>>
If you do not understand that civil rights includes all speech, you do not understand civil rights
Liars, the United States of America was founded on freedoms provided by God, one of which is freedom of speech. Get over it!
I Pledge Allegiance 2the flag of the USA & 2the REPUBLIC 4which it STANDS 1nation unGOD indivisible WITH LIBERTY JUSTUS 4ALL
Justice 4 all was CLEARLY written before US was full of NON Regist.CITIZENS MILKING our GOV.Funds until BROKE
please stop demanding laws that protect your feels. Please
this country was founded on FREEDOM; not caressing our delicate sensibilities. Truth, fairness, love.
you are liars
#FakeNews PLEASE LOOK UP TEDDY ROOSEVELT 1907 on WHAT IT MEANS TO B AMERICAN! #Fascists #LiberalTerrorists #ObamaGate #MAGA
. Apparently you have never read the constitution.  Thats not in it. Try the truth once
Unmitigated bull plop propaganda that has zero historical basis. 

Labeling speech in order to suppress it is not inclusive. @civilrightsorg
@BelmarCPA @civilrightsorg Eloquently said!Same goes 4 hate crimes-if it's a crime it's a crime. "identity politics" divides us
my goodness, do you talk like that in front of your grandchildren? Little pitchers have big ears, Granny @civilrightsorg
that is for such haters to hear the way they behave. I hate pc and the left is all about pc.
they're trying to make sure everyone has a fair shake in life. That threaten you?
who doesn't get a fair shake? Never saw anyone not get a fair shake if deserved.
Hate speech laws are today's version of mandatory minimum drug laws. Archaic, discriminatory and wholly unnecessary.

UDS was founded on liberty. If you don't like my language, too bad, get over it. Stifling speech is NOT freedom.
yet you have babies in the womb and love Islam that is the opposite of what you have written..listen 2 urself...then post
No hate act will be unconstitutional. You snowflakes need to get over yourselves and you itty bitty feelings. Grow up
How about diversity of thought?  Intimidation and violence against Conservative speakers is against diversity -lets speak up
If that's the case what will the liberals do go the way of the dinosaur can't imagine what that would smell like if burned
the #NoHateAct has nothing to do with free speech. It's an act the strengthen the reporting and conviction of hate CRIMES.
Gosh, that sounds incredibly anti-free speech.  Surely this tweet didn't originate in the USA
Umm...America is based on western values and assimilation to those values, not multiculturalism.
yay another step towards fascism!
Get your facts straight. America was founded on Liberty and Justice. Stop spreading misinformation.
no it wasn't. It was founded on individual freedom and assimilation of immigrants.
Freedom and liberty, not inclusion and diversity
@SenBlumenthal only against white people. Dems do not want it a NY other way.
#nohateact  you can't legislate this, particularly when liberals think that disagreement is hate.
very good point. The hate & destruction during someof the protests r scary. Media needs 2 calm down
Really, let's not be in denial.  They had slaves, they killed the indigenous.
not one Democrat voted 2 free slaves, said " who would pick the cotton" US NOTfounded on inclusion
It's why I now carry. Libs and Dems are nuts, violent and do not believe in free speech
