I'm sure you're aware that in 2013 the trustees of the Medicare trust funds said it would be exhausted by 2026.  Right?
It's not going to be "free", it's going to offer insurance without paying someone to profit off your healthcare. Reduces the cost to indvls
It's not free now.  Everyone pays Medicare premiums, prescription drug providers & 20% out of pocket or premiums for 2nd medical insurer.
Only a small amount is paid now, that would have to change. Employers could still offer ins as a benefit and they'd save money too.
Most who have employer based ins still pay a portion of that.
No. When you are on Medicare you pay for Medicare insurance coverage, 2ndary coverage if you have it & prescription drug coverage.
That only happens when you are on it. Prior to that you pay very little. That's where it would have to change. Some addl changes too.
So take Medicare that works (defectively) for seniors/disabled jack it all around until it's unrecognizable and it no longer works at all.
I assume you would also be on Medicare...
under the plan i think you could still buy supplemental private insurance. so... yes and no?
Are you Dick? Nope .
could you perhaps give a more confusing response?
Nope...make total sense actually.  Think hard...maybe you will get it.
well, you are quite correct. my name is not "Dick"
Obviously your not listening.  Let me say it clearly. "No, we don't want your overpriced substandard healthcare.
You can help by paying for your own health insurance instead of getting it for nothing through the state of Connecticut
#ACA defense keeps people from dying - starting 7/31/2017. Think single payer on board 1/1/2018? A social worker & my husband will die.
Will you have the same health care as have Mr Bluemanthal
Let's see the details. Americans are tired of being pingpong balls in Congressional games. Medicare is not "insurance free"
I am doing a research paper on veterans. Do you think you could share your experiences in Vietnam with me?
Maybe you your research paper should start with Trumps draft deferments #jackass
Maybe you should do better research yourself.
Are you insinuating that Trump or any of his family ever served in the military? #TryMe
Please support @ChrisMurphyCT 's plan!
We like Bernie's plan and we want Murphy on board
Is that the royal "we?"
Well I consider Senator Blumenthal democratic royalty, so yeah, sure.
Medicare for All costs $3.2T annually. and requires doubling of current taxes
We get all 3 by repealing obamacare.  Expanding this crap worsens the problem. Wish you would catch a clue congressman
When can we get the same healthcare as you?
Medicare for All. Reimburse those who paid into it or expect a class action lawsuit. Stop buying votes on our taxes!
"lower costs, expand coverage"
BS, you're a LYING LEFTIST trashing OUR MOST BASIC protections as a DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC

Take your NATION CRIPPLING SOCIALIST CRAP to CUBA
don't tell us, tell Chris Murphy when you see him on corporate payoff day.
Where is all this money coming from?
Translated: "the only constituents I listen to"
But, how many Drs will be willing to accept all the new patients at a lower negotiated fee.
How much do you want to raise all our payroll taxes?
Is it just me?

#MedicareForAll
Sen. Please try and think of a solution that doesn't require More Gov. control and higher taxes.  More Gov. can't always b your solution.
https://mobile.twitter.com/YALiberty/status/904826540906745857/video/1 …
Incentivize states to expand access to OBAMACARE in rural areas, double the funding to community healthcare centers in rural areas...
...Reduce the cost of prescription drugs, defend access to reproductive healthcare, expand OBAMACARE and make publica option possible...

You are out of your mind you liar! You people in DC are all nuts!
I have to have a medicareadvantage plan, the first 6 months of the year my out of pockets costs are TWICE what I get on disability! Fuck Wit
Why not #medicaidforall?
Substandard care end of story buddy.  Where are all these doctors coming from? Free med school for all?
Have you looked at exponential tax levels working class people pay in Europe 4 nationalised health. In UK doesn't pay 2 work
Are you insane. TAXES will skyrocket. And whos gonna pay for it? The middle class? Liberals want Medicare for all, why don't they go to work
https://twitter.com/cinderpugs/status/903424210218844160 …

Can you get @rosadelauro & other #CT Reps on #HR676 #MedicareForAll??? It's shameful that NONE of them are representing their constituents.
Why not the slogan "VA for all"? Cuz the VA is a mess & its what US healthcare would look like if the government took it over.
Yeal
Keep telling your people they can't take care of their self's!
Are you and your colleagues included in #MedicareForAll ?
Richie, Richie you are a teaser! Prepare me for the future. How can I tell when you're telling the truth? Rare occasion! Just Saying!
We are a republic not a democracy know the difference

The government shouldn't even be involved on giving Americans health care for all that's up to the people to decide not the government.
Why not get V.A. Hospitals right before moving on to bigger stuff?..Medicare for All equals VA Hospitals for all...You're freaking nuts
One of bernies boys that explains a lot idiots
NO. Who pays for the people with 8 kids? Who pays for healthcare for ILLEGALS? Who pays for those with excessively unhealthy lifestyles?
Tell you what, make the federal gov't, including you do it first and test it for 5 years
Serious question.  What are your plans for all of the insurance company employees that will lose their jobs?
Thank you @SenBlumenthal for supporting #MedicareForAll 
You make me proud to have been born in Connecticut
Schools no longer teach what's good about America and apparently you aren't smart enough to figure it out on your own.
Like hell. This is nothing more than yet another federal govt power grab. Get govt entirely out of the health care & insurance business.
U mean all 6 of them. 

While the rest of us suffer for 6

Um no
Why don't you go on Medicaid or Medicare for a few months - then get back to us on how it works. You don't know what your doing!!!
Open cross state lines Insurance policies and Health Care will work for everyone. Choice is what Government is trying to take from the WTP
Until Dems get their heads straight about immigration, I don't trust them to do anything but screw over Americans is service to their donors
Ok Dick but you can pay for it
NO
What evidence is there in regard to good outcomes for those already on Medicare? Is there a study out there?
He's not your Senator so why not focus your question elsewhere. Maybe Governor Scott Walker can answer your question? Oh wait...
The fight ahead will not be easy, but it will be worth while. Profiteering off health must cease!
Then who is going to treat you?  Are we going to force people to go to medical school and become doctors then work for minimum wage as well?
Please included or address the fact that many Drs do not accept Medicaid which puts the burden on patients. Drs need to care more too.
Sorry l, meant to say "include" not "included."
Not all agre with you
In all due respect, the major way to succeed without massive govt funding is to put caps on medicine, personnel and medical facilities.
Excited for the upcoming cell phone tax!! Let's see if you can force all the companies and residents out of Ct!!!
I'm a constituent and I say no thank you
Resign sir. You lied and are not looking out for the country. Shameful.
Not for all big guy!
This plan would cover all illegals in the US. NO THANKS!
Wrong on SO MANY LEVELS
No
Isn't that what obama care did ? Morons
i agree everyone should be covered but Medicare is not that great i have it and i should know i think Medicaid for all is a better call
Yeah, no insurance and high deductible health care plans much worse so... I want #MedicareForAll and I'm glad our Senator agrees
all i am saying is medicare is not prefect i have to buy extra because Medicare only covers 80% of my coverage & medicaid covers 100%
You have 0 understanding of Bernie's Medicare For All Act introduced today.  Please read it and then comment after you're further informed.
Socialism: where people wait on bread lines. Capitalism: where bread waits on line for you.
Interesting proposal from A life long advocate for the little guy! Good to see the Senator from my great state making waves!! #medicare
Good luck with that one.
