Do your job... stop already with this Russia narrative. It only exists in the minds of the corrupt left
.@SenBlumenthal  Says the #StolenValor disgrace to the senate who lied about serving in Vietnam.
@Dylanesque2604 @SenBlumenthal 
Get rid of him
We call on you to resign. You fooled the Ct LIberals but not us!
I guess that self hatred is a disease like any other?
Another lying disgraceful phony. A discredit to any party & a discredit to our country.
as was said to Sen McArthey during his hearings: "At long last have you no shame"?
Can't believe u r representing CT!  Typical programmed Dem!  Ur so pathetic & an embarrassment to CT! #NoVote4Blumenthal
Why would Nunes speak first with anyone but President Trump. Schiff is not impartial. Dems think justice is GOP unmasking

Please don't let a deal go through to fund the wall or defund the ACA
still lying?  Tell us against n about your Vietnam service
nobody cares buddy! We want you gone! #TermLimits
I call for you to resign.  You're out of touch and and absolute hack.
yes it is time! @jimsciutto @OfficeGovEthics
It's time do you to get a new job also
Are U kidding?  U are part of emailgate & Benghazigate & a supporter of failing HRC. Why the heck would we ever listen to you
first tell me about your time in the 'Nam
You lied about #Vietnam you sir have no business mentioning the word #Impropriety 
Shame on you
#StolenVAlor
hey didn't I see you walking down the street in Hanoi?
The public calls for Obama's records unsealed, cooperation by Dems, give FBI records it needs to conduct FULL investigation
Senator, all pending actions by this administration need to be frozen, including AHCA and SCOTUS nom.
LOL @ you @deannamarieford and you @ddburkey and you @PrincessBravato and you too @SenBlumenthal
I am proud to have you and @ChrisMurphyCT and @jahimes as my representatives 
& Rosa Delauro OBSTRUCTIONISTS >> GOD Group of Dems 
  http://insider.foxnews.com/amp/article/55028 … 
what have you done for the citizens of Connecticut's today Senator? Obstructionist isn't something I consider worthwhile.
He's done nothing!!!!
focus on the real issue of America names being unmasked, unless you think Obama is involved
Calling for investigation of Hillary and your activities
its gotten to the point we can predict what u will say. Russia Russia blah blah blah getting old same thing. Do your job.
I think DEMS need Snickers bars!  
 https://youtu.be/3UO2A2p-19A  
Time to take off your tin foil hat. Clinton connections to Russia should be investigated.
Clinton's connections r biblical & on record No need to investigate ie, uranium deal, red plastic reset button
 prosecutors are held up digging your military records Senator
you are the pot calling the kettle black. You are not credible

oh yes, Mr. Stolen Valor calling for a special prosecutor. You should be recalled and sent to prison.Disgraceful
Obama is going to jail 
Vietnam troubles me
Give it up. No evidence. Meanwhile- Obama Admin = worse than Watergate.... Spook in Chief - some legacy.
how long is it going to take for any evidence is produce someone really sucks at their job
... how does this work? A proven liar calling for outside investigation of something all experts say their is no evidence?
yo, Richard! How did Noel Gorsuch make sure you were valid. About the white-blonde profile picture: Is that a scheme-?Demox.?

Are you sure you want this? It may lead to the Clinton campaign surveilling Trump
make it happen then...We can't have a TRAITOR(S) in the White House
please get ur head out of your ass why didn't you check clinton cash and hillary selling her office when sotus.where were you
Try to catch up Richard. There is less and less eveidence with every passing day.
just do your job. This trump russia boogieman crap is getting old. Help run the country. Tired of reading the same crap.
@improbablyjust I'm guessing you're close to johnpodesta & Clinton cash! @POTUS is going to take you down!!! Fake?
is 100% correct and every patriotic member of congress (R or D) should insist on a special prosecutor
I agree.  Who can make that decision?  If it is Paul Ryan ... forget it!
McCain calls it legs on a centipede.  I say trump drained the swamp during mating season...we have more gators than ever!
Thank you!!! keep it up!! Ct voter here!
Yes, but Trump will never approve. We need a special select committee.
here we go again Russia Russia Russia
thank you for being a tireless leader in this difficult time.
@Catlady628 Keep saying it @SenBlumenthal
THANK YOU!!!
thankyou Senator for being a voice of reason, only a special prosecutor can investigate fairly now
Good for you. Let's ignore the abuse of FISA warrants, spying on US citizens and illegal unmasking.
We the people call for a special prosecutor for Hillary selling 20% of our uranium to Russia & stuffing millions in her bank!
please stop all hearings until this is resolved!
Please do your job and govern!!! Stop wasting taxpayer money with a Russian ruse? The real issue is DNC incompetence EMAILS!
I agree Trump will not be investigated properly by any Republican. He is vindictive & a bully They are afraid of retaliation.
past time for a total and complete shutdown of voting on all Trump agenda items until #TrumpRussia probe is complete
Why does Trump need Russia?As a billionaire he could have hired best hackers in world. According to 60 Min they r in France.
@LenaDena3 Independent commission plus a special prosecutor. We need to know all security breaches not just crimes.
Thank you, Senator!
Nunes went to the WH then revealed intelligence techniques to the media. Did Ryan advise him? Why wasn't Schiff notified?
Please continue to fight for this. Freeze all executive branch actions until this is investigated.
how about working on CT issues and stop grandstanding for political reasons
We all know now that Obama unleashed intel on Trump. Get
Obama to testify!
. Someone should investigate your tour of duty ln Vietnam. You are nothing more than a LIAR.
Please continue fighting.  I am so happy to have you and n my side.
Thank you Senator.
Nice try to deflect from the facts that some person (s) under Obama administration BROKE THE LAW!
your wasting time and resources. #DoYourJob
ok enough with the Russia crap already. It's a witch hunt. You've found nothing. Did u get a head injury in Vietnam?
America is in dangerous hands - not just Trump's
People are on the cusp of losing our America to DJTs Dirty Dozen. Need Congress to step back from minor distractions & FOCUS!
How can we get @potus to release his 2011/2012/2013 complete tax return?  Nothing to hide?  Show #US.
Could the same prosecutor look into Obamagate? #notmysenator
Go to sit in the chair in the corner... take a time out!
@SeanMastersons   THANK YOU
I call on you to resign and enlist for military service. Syria I hear is nice!
Sen. why don't you people do something to help us poor seniors that worked hard all our lives and end up in poverty.
@usaforyoubruv I do believe soviets have  The U.S.Republicans have been infiltrated by the People's United Russia.
where do you people come up with this? Laughable 
darn it this screws up your agendahttp://www.allenbwest.com/michaelcantrell/found-russian-connection
Thank you Senator!!
Please call for censure or expulsion of Nunez after all is said and done with (if not charged in connection or obstruction)
that doesn't even make sense! You mad because Obozo is busted?
huh maybe we need hearing on Trump being surveilled illegally
I'm calling for a special prosecutor to go after senators that lied about their military service
this is not going to end well for Dems
it would be nice if people spent your time doing something productive rather than chasing these@ridiculous claims.
Senator McCain is also calling for s special committee or special prosecutor.
let's include the email server and laws violated there?  More crickets
@AltUSPressSec after today d'yaTHINK?
i call on prosecutor for Obama, illegal use of intelligence agencies to spy on political adversaries .
Oh please. What a hypocrite. You didn't say a word when Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch met secretly on a tarmac in Arizona.
thank you!  How can we (the people) show our support?  Who do we call?
call the Easter bunny
Thank you Senator
@ItIzBiz this takes priority over everything being done in Washington.
@ItIzBiz and his judge pick needs to be stopped until this is cleared up!
oh a little snowflake
Intel had nothing to do with Russia. No foreigners. Basically, he told an American citizen his 4th A rights were violated..
how is Vietnam?
u calling again from Vietnam?
You must do more than call for it. Dems should cease all govt business until special prosecutor is appointed.
Who do you guys have waiting in the ready to take the payoff. Be honest this has been planned since AG I see ur hand
@June4Wanda or at least keep VJ Nunes out name new. Hair and let schiff do his job
the same guy who lied about service in Vietnam you have no moral standings
Your nothing more than a lying do nothing political hack looking 2 impress your liberal constituency thk u for your VNservice
Good Luck with that and changing subject now! It will happen about time you make scrapbook from your time in Vietnam public.
I call for a full investigation on the full last 8 years of Democrat corruption. The political mafia.
I agree to much corruption and lies the last 8 years
Still got nothing after months of bs. You get the same special prosecuter the GOP got for Benghazi.
Independent commission is only way forward.

It will all make sense soon.  https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/powerpost/wp/2017/01/05/former-cia-director-james-woolsey-quits-trump-transition-team/ …
what are you afraid of? Only that Trump was right and the Dems will look dumber than they did @ gorsuch hearings
must push for a special prosecutor!!
we need to start chanting "lock-up Nunes!!"
how comne not a word about this? Obama admits trainig isis  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOYm_CCxxKk …
Oh' let me guess. Would you like a special prosecutor like your 9th circus courts? 
bogus bogus bogus. let's look at hrc obama comey and see what shakes and who falls out of the tree.
give it up already...no ties to russia
Why do you keep up the lies. Your party lost the election. Get over it
dp you any proof?
loved your methodical questioning of Gorsuch and support your call for a special prosecutor re Trump/Russia and now Nunes
Agreed. After what Nunes said & did today, there's no doubt that he purposely attempted 2 monkey-wrench objective process.
keep fighting Senator!  We stand with you!
has lost all confidence in the @FBI when they say they already have an investigation, shows faithlessness in @FBI to do job
@KimLMathers You might want to do it, um, somewhere other than Twitter?
Please don't make a deal with the #GOP. @PRyan @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr they have no HONOUR!
very comical I needed a good laugh and you Dems are truly laughable
Sort of like AG tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton? NOT
keep plugging away, Senator. It has to be done. We're with you and we appreciate you! 
I concur.
Thank you, Senator.
@D_Blanchflower Lord help u if u don't support Dem filibuster vs Gorsuch. Real Dems will get revenge
real Dems????
lets have the prosecutor ..but for the "incidental" surveillance of the Trump campaign..and documenting them not redacting
I would support a special prosecutor to investigate the Russian Trump connection.  This craziness needs to stop.
Stop the Gorsuch nomination process until we know the truth. @SenateDems Do not vote to confirm Neil Gorsuch or for cloture.
are you saying you don't believe in the FBI?
He's speaking in regard to the behavior of Devin Nunes today
Yes thank you.  Its clear the Republicans will simply stonewall.
waste of money.
unacceptable what Nunes is doing
More grandstanding from you?
north Korea that's the real problem not Trump
thank you Sen Blumenthal. Keep fighting the good fight.
Great job standing up for what you believe in.
agree!
but needs to be done asap!
