True we stand bi you sir
Thanks I think these days all we require is be United at any level of community!
How about inviting these folks to your Greenwich estate for lunch?..How about a ride on your yacht?...
Liar, you spew hate continually if someone does not follow your view point..lead the way...stop spewing hate about President Trump
But U FULLY embrace, endorse, coddle, fund and celebrate #Soros's American terrorist group #Antifa!
#fakesoldgier
#selfhatingJew
@FoxNews
Then please denounce ANTIFA & BLM!!!!
If you're against the kkk, and neo-Nazis, you're antifa.
Yes, yes, yes!! Division is the best possible strategy to destroy the capitalist system. #VivaLaAntifa
YES WE DO, WE CONDEMNED RACISM HATE BIGOTRY SEXISM HOMO- XENOPHOBE AND ANY ATTACK TO OURS AMERICAN VALUES. YES WE DO SEN BLUMENTHAL.-
, still waiting for you to condemn left wing groups throwing bottles of urine at #bostonpolice. I guess that's ok in your book
Such a strong and original stance. I don't know anybody who stands for evil, bigotry or violence. Way to lead Dicky!
tell that to the Trump haters!
Come on man. You couldn't post a better picture of Rose DeLaura. Low man.
Yours is the party of hate.
Nor for people who lie about their military service. Hypocrite. Opportunist. Reflexive liberal.
And yet you support a person that cried bone spurs and other issues to be a draft dodger. Viva hypocrisy
so put more coal miner steel workers auto workers out of work..
Why is your boss Soros still paying ANTIFA,BLM,KKK,Neo-Nazis. That's right to cover fail Russia investigations
Ignore the trolls, senator, we stand with you! Thank you for all that you are doing!!
What about voter fraud in CT?  We all know illegal aliens and welfare voters got you elected. The working man doesn't want you. U R SatanSon
Russia, Russia, Russia, to racist, racist, racist. What do we need a special investigator for next?
For the record. #MAGA or quit!!
So then why hasn't trump said it out loud? He hesitated. You cry about obama, here's the shoe on the other foot.
Thank you, Senator Blumenthal!
For what? Its a political only statement.
It has no place in the world. Moy kist for yankees
I don't know if that's true. Millions of us hate the state employee unions.
Preach brother. We must focus on social justice squarely to bring down the capitalist system.
If that's true Senator, stop ur hate against our @Potus & the millions of Americans who support him. I'm tired of the Dem obstructionists
What a revelation. We all do. But some of us also worry about freedom to assemble, speak our minds freely without mob rule and antifa thugs.
Yes Dick CT is one big utopia where we harvest our food and produce soap and candles by hand. We are a simple ind people here in CTville.
Waiting for you to denounce and disavow Antifa.
They fight my fight! The capitalists.. um, I mean... the white supremacist, must be met with violence.
Rid the WH of Trump et al permanately
Hate has no place there but plenty of room to harbor illegals against federal law and a great place to dig up last min votes for Malloy
don't start attacking freedom of speech Down with hate. Down with the DNC INSTIGATORS AND FREE SPEECH PROTESTERS.

Youre a tool Bloomy
When will you denounce BLM & ANTIFA
Aperently only hate against conservatives is not condemned by you.
Well when are you going to leave then because you have nothing but hatred for our country & what it stands for  pathetic .Not an American
Did you say that while under Sniper Fire Like Hillary did? After all, you Dems and RINO's like stealing credit from those that actually Did!
Your ad hominem attacks are not very nice! As a matter of fact they are dishonest and divisive!
Does Media Matters & press scare you politicians that much? If so,then who's standing 4 the everyday people? Grow a backbone ladies & gents
Just like we always do. Everyday. For years now. Press makes political hay and everyone acts like we were promoting racism before last week
you are the party of kkk
ALL HATE
thank you so much senator. Have you ever had a conversation with a minority? Excluding servants. Thanks for Vietnam
You *hate* answering tough questions from constituents. You run away from them instead. Now I'm gone and CT is broke. #IfIBelievedInKarma
Disavow your militant branch of DNC Antifa.  They are your people and extremely violent 

#ChildrenofSoros
So your moving right
You and @TheDemocrats certainly never miss an opportunity to go pandering for votes.  Try thinking on your own without the Democrat script
Blumenthal the lyin' clown #sad
too bad President Trump said d these days ago!  What took YOU so long?
Blumenthal, you need to shut up about Afghanistan. The generals know more than the messhall cook you were.
Petition to Label Antifa Terror Group Has 146,000 Signatures So Far
why do you support antifa and black lies matter who has killed http://before.black  lives matter has killed 17 officers.Antifa one girl
You are the biggest hater going .
DICK did you happen to mention ANTIFA that dem sponsored group at your little rally
Valor thief...You have no integrity...Disavow violent ANTIFA? Cop killing BLM?
No one here is endorsing antifa that's like saying every trump supporter and Republican is a nazi KKK or other hate group just not true
As a Trump supporter I condemn & disavow KKK & Nazis. Asking Dems 2 condemn alt-left Antifa & BLM shouldnt be very hard given their violence
I was going to your article here promoting violence against another group lost me
Do you condemn violence from KKK, Neofascists & Antifa, specifically and individually?
Haughty eyes and a proud heart, the lamp of the wicked, are sin. Proverbs 21:4
Your princes are rebels &companions of thieves.Everyone loves a bribe&runs after gifts.They do not bring justice to the fatherless,. Is1:23
LET'S TALK ABOUT YOUR FAKE STORIES ABOUT YOU BEING A WAR HERO NOT!!! YOU ARE A COMPLETE FRAUD WHO LIKES BOYS IT HAS BEEN SAID NOW WHAT#
Then you should stand against The Democratic Party
Over and over you go over and over. Do you ever come up with anything original?
which Traitor and GOP members support
Good speech, now let's see some action.
Hear Hear Senator! Proud 2 hv U represent our beautiful State of CT! We must #ImpeachTrump as thrs NO Place 4 #TraitorTrump #DonTheCon in US
Stolen valor....
Get real.
Those folks look proud. Looks good on a face.
Thank you, @SenBlumenthal.
Do you stand against the evil bigotry and violence of BLM and Antifa?
And lying about being a brave soldier who fought in Vietnam...right? Pardon me, but stolen valor is a repulsive act.
Soooo... Your Antifa group will keep thing quiet???
TBH Connecticut can be kinda racisty.. just sayin'

Bring @realDonaldTrump's Twitter numbers DOWN TODAY. Hit him where he hurts. #ThatsTooBad! #DumpTrumpMonday! #DeleteTrumpTwitter! #RETWEEET! 
Creative but...
