Did you fight for Obamas pick?If you did I certainly didn't here about it.Weak balless democrats have left the [people without a party].
Garland wasn't even given a hearing much less a vote.  There wasn't anything to do
The GOP threatened nuclear option, meaning filibuster will only delay things. Nothing to do to stop them, yet they still filibuster.
If they fight not, even though there is nothing they could do, why not last year?
If I was senator, I would have motioned each day to get the nomination on the calendar if it was someone I thought deserved one.
What do you mean by "out of the mainstream"?
And what exactly do you consider mainstream! Democrats lost the House, senate and White House. I don't think your ideals are mainstream.
I think you're forgetting that the popular vote was Democrat. And those votes will be increasing come 2018
2018... there's a saying: "don't count your chickens before they hatched".
You mean like Hillary and you liberal did?
Thank you! I will vote for you again and again (as I already have) because you stand on principle!
That is the most ridiculous, false, shallow statement, much like 'when I got back from 'Nam'! Come on Dick, get real! U'r purely political!
There is also a lot of money invested in Gorsuch.  Who's paying for the TV ads and what do they get in return?
OMG! There's a lot of money invested in politics? Whoa!
I know, right? 
Senator, your vote against Gorsuch is disgraceful. You'll have a front row seat on "THE BANDWAGON OF STUPIDITY" hope you're voted out soon.
and seeming apparent difficulty supporting a cancer patient over a few hours lost to company #healtfirst
We should not appoint any one until Russian investigation is done.  #IllegitimatePresident
This will be a permanent stain on the Democratic Party ..politics before integrity..your reasoning is delusional.
We shouldn't approve anyone submitted by a person under the cloud of treason. All nominations must be stopped until Trump/Russia is resolved
We should also stop him from signing ALL executive orders as well!!!
Hope you, the @SenateDems & @SenateGOP  get busy getting Trump & Admin out before y'all are up for re-election. Not the same pre-Nov voters.
Get back with me when you lock up Obama/Clinton and the steaming pile of traitorous evil glorified by your state run media.
your the problem no one else
Thank you. A man who doesn't want to answer the hard questions should not be in charge of doing the hard work, must have values& morales
Check out the Ruth Ginsburg hearing.
"We have learned something important since the days that I served in Vietnam,”
You lie. You voted along party lines because he was not a libtard like yourself and your cronies

The republicans demonstrated that we do not need 9 justices anyway.We get along with 8 just fine.
GORSUCH IS 5X THE MAN YOU WOULD EVER BE. YOU "STOLE" THE INTEGRITY OF THE ME4N AND WOMEN WHO FOUGHT IN VIETNAM. YOU HAVE NO HONOR. SLEAZE.
how much crack are you on are you smoking it with  Maxine Waters an 
Nancy Pelosi
He's Jimmy Stewart for cying out loud! Much closer to centrist than Sotomayor or Kagan. But the next one...
Than you so much!
Thank you. No one should be selected until the investigations into Trump are complete.
You make Connecticut proud. Keep up the good work!!!
No more out of the mainstream than Ginsberg is on the left.  Ur a liar
However you justify voting against Gorsuch, remember:  Workers and the environment cannot sustain another 5-4 conservative activist court.
Too bad.
Thanks for breaking democracy u painfully little man.
Gorsuch was a unanimous pick when he went for 10th circuit court! The only reason u rejected him was because PRESIDENT TRUMP NOMINATED HIM!
What's the point in having the filibuster if not to use it?  Let McConnell set the precedent
It is all party politics.
#Gorsuchfilibuster  Thank you for speaking up , Senator. No supreme Court appointment until # Trump Russia investigation is complete!
Good man
Obama has gone meathead, get used to it
Typical democrat hope we wake up in Ct next time any democrat run for office
Glad you voted NO on Gorsuch. Trump is under FBI investigation & has no business nominating anyone, let alone a SCOTUS! He committed TREASON
@1911Spartan   When you say "'mainstream", more like Sotomayor  or the other ultra left wing ("mainstream" in libspeak) Kagan #blumycoward
Thank you, Senator.
Who's gonna tell Dick his party are the people 'out of the mainstream'?
I voted against Judge #Gorsuch. We should not approve a lifetime #SCOTUS appointment for someone who is out of the mainstream.
Yet you helped confirm two radical leftist, judicial activist, Liberal rubber stamps in Sotomayor and Kagan.

Fraud.
I voted against Judge #Gorsuch. We should not approve a lifetime #SCOTUS appointment for someone who is out of the mainstream.
Great speech
out of the mainstream? Are judges to follow the mainstream or the constitution? Hummmmm
Mainstream Voters will force you out of politics. Drain the Swamp, you are getting stale and starting to smell bad!
Ur mainsteam is wat America voted against. I want a Judge that believes in Constitiution. not Progressivism.
You're a political hack Blumenthal not to mention a liar of your military service record
@morganooche @SenBlumenthal yes he is. A disgrace to #Connecticut #blumenthal #ChrisMurphyCT #gorsuch
Gorsuch out of the mainstream? What a joke from someone who Lied about serving in Vietnam! You are out of the mainstream. MAGA 
Good job on the vote
STOLEN VALOR.... SHAME SHAME
Good going on the Rosenstein vote too! What's wrong with the rest of the committee?
thank you
Thank you for voting no~
Thank you, if #Gorsuch stands by his decisions he should be able to discuss them.
We don't need a rabid conservative ruling on the most important cases in the land. He has been nothing but evasive and proven himself unfit!
Thank You! 
Well done, @SenBlumenthal!
thank you!
So proud of you!
I guess u would like a supremecourtjudge who doesn't uphold constitution and kills babies, that's your mainstream 
Judge Gorsuch is only out of YOUR mainstream------He is a magnificent choice & Democrats are being POLITICALLY spiteful & UnAmerican
Yaknow what's not American - authoritarianism.
or someone nominated by a Russian.
You continue to make no sense with your tweets.
Thank you Senator Blumenthal
sad.  Just catering to the extremists.  You know he is mainstream.
Thank you! Unless the Russian connections become transparent & treason or other criminal wrong doing is ruled out, we must not yield a seat.
Who is out of the mainstream? Half the country voted for Trump and supports his policies. Who is this mainstream you are talking about?
97% of the time in the majority. How is that out of the mainstream?
And thank you for being the ONLY D. to vote against the deputy att.general Horenstein. All other Ds on judiciary voted FOR him. Rediculous!
@JudiciaryDems You wouldn't know mainstream if it bit you in the butt. Nuke option time. Gorsuch confirmed.
thank you for this and voting against #2 for justice given that he made no commitment to appoint special prosecutor for #trumpRussia
Thank you senator! Please keep fighting! Thanks for voting against Rosenstein.
Playing by your rules and your mad why? There is nothing wrong with this judge but he is going to follow the constitution
This is ridiculous in 92 Joe Biden said the same thing with bush you have to the incoming president now we play your rules and your mad
Why was in 07 that you could get a puck in until the next president was sworn in that's OK for your rules. Never find a more qualified
Were hip to your game - the only Russian connection is Hillary and Podesta - enough of your sock puppet B.S.
Poor excuse Senator. Jesus Christ wasn't mainstream. Would you have voted against him too? Do the right thing!
Thank you!
Agree! And by someone who is or should be investigated by the FBI?
Glad for it
But the reason, should have more to do with assuring @POTUS is legitimate president to nominate anyone
Then consider all options
I guess that excludes you then. You're a far left liberal. A group that is collectively a disgrace to America.
thank you senator for putting americans first.
Does anyone here have Harry Reid's address - I want to send him a thank you card for killing the filibuster. #backfire #Democrats
I will never vote for you again. That is what you have lost. If you even care!
Thank you Senator..  the GOP has taught us well.  "NO" is a complete sentence
Out of what "mainstream" ? He was in the majority in over 2500 cases in 10 yrs - incl Dem appointees - STOP LYING,ur a partisan, thats that
Pic looks like Malloy
TY I'm happy both my Sen's Schumer & Gillibrand  are doing the same.  NG was not forthcoming in his hearings. I dont trust he will b fair.
And Ginsberg or Obama's appointments are mainstream. They are as far left social warriors who violates the constitution whenever possible.
Coming from someone who lied about serving in the military, you have no good judgement. Do your job and vote yes for the people for once!
Thank you, Senator Blumenthal.  
#resistance is necessary!!
Thank you Senator Blumenthal, we can always count on you to do the right thing for the American people.
Thank you @SenBlumenthal for voting against Gorsuch.
Out of the mainstream??? Your progressive liberal socialist party is nothing but opposition and resistance!!! Your job is to govern!!!
Justice knows no stream.
You are a washed up lying Demobot towing political line. You are incapable of a free thought. You need permission from Nancy to fart.
Pathetic, hypocritical taking the same comment you agreed with and now..twisting the truth to suit your political agenda
Blocking @JudgeNGorsuch only because of the hate 4 Trump & ignored the talent & well respected job skills by numerous other judges. A shame
Thank you. The fact that he's even up for consideration is just stunning to me. Appreciate that you're standing against him.
Thank you Senator!
Really?
Thank you mr. Blumenthal your state stands behind you.
#uraLoser do you have a statement about Susan Rice? Of course you don't #hypocrit
I support a YES vote for judge Gorsuch.  Too bad you are blinded by rage to see he would even fairly judge liberal laws too.
No proof of that allegation. Vote to approve Gorsuch.
You lie he said roe vs wade is the law of the land he is not going to reverse it. Typical dems continue to divide the country
Thank you.

Susan rice. Susan rice
That's code for, I only vote for judges who believe in my politics. Go back to school and relearn how the government works.
that's ok because I will be voting no for you.
The people want Gorsuch to be confirmed; The President gets to pick you lose.
You voted party line.  Stop acting like you put thought into it!
You are a liar and obstructionist. U should resign your office and take good look in mirror I feel for my home state
Thank you.
Yay!
Disgraceful @SenBlumenthal #Connecticut signals to his radical Leftist base that he will reject supremely qualified #Gorsuch
Thank you @SenBlumenthal!
U mean someone that does not support the killing of baby in d womb,someone that believes in upholding d law&constitution?a man of integrity
Thank you for doing the right thing. This man is not even dealing with reality.
Golly gosh darn it Beaver why not?
@Plantflowes read the Washington post story today. That traitor and KGOP can't pick scotus. They literally stole presidency
he stole it after $1m dem campagn, planted stories, dem surveillance, maligned by msm. He is good
I like him. I hope you're doing it for the right reasons and not for a party choice.
Thank you Senator!
He is as close to the mainstream you will get for the next 8 years. LOL
Thank you proud to live in Ct.
Said nobody ever.
And while a president and his administration under investigation for collusion and cooperation w/foreign enemy.
over a year and still no proof. But you still keep trying. How about @AmbassadorRice or @johnpodesta
Thank you, Senator!
your an embarrassment. No justice more main stream than Gorsuch! Your IQ maybe in the range of pelosi & waters
Liberal Democrats are so predictable,#THEMSELVES BEFORE COUNTRY and ""WHAT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE  VOTED FOR"", "VOTE OUT DEMS!"
Thank you, Sen. Blumenthal.....
Of course no one in America with the goal of Country before yourself expect you to honestly do the right thing!#Confirm Him!
nor should we have a senator that lied, multiple times about his service. Partisan politics at its best or worst
Thank you for protecting working Americans
Sad, nonsense.
Thank you!
A big set for a guy who lied about his Vietnam service. You don't deserve to be a senator. Enjoy it to the end of your term. You'll be done
Thank you!  Obstruction should NOT be rewarded!
U knownhe is going to make it by one way or another so u want some more Dem cred... just wack
How is he not mainstream?
Politics...he even agreed Trump comments were unacceptable and you still throw him under the bus..
Justices Sotomayor and Kagan are not mainstream...l.
If U were half as smart as U think you are you would know that we the ppl know your no vote is nothing more than a political move-SHAME ON U
He's hardly out of the mainstream. Sotomayer and Kagan on the other hand,,,,
Idiot!
Thank you
US District Judge David Hale ruled out the notion that the attackers were Trump's agents! Rochford ARDCfrauds in line for lifetime ban®™©
Ok Schumer puppet, wait for it, all the corruption will come to light! I can't wait for the evil in DC to be gone 
Thank you.
keep it up Democrats...this is why you lost the election..
Yea you want more crooked judges like the 9th District not someone who honors the consultation and laws Vote him out Please
From a criminal
Bravo senator! Thank you.
Just sad watching politics come before integrity. U confirmed him before. Why not now? Answer:political games. Really sad.
Exactly, Thank-you for being rational. Unlike our self serving politicians....
Really?! In the Mainstream is what we should be worried about! #UNDOINGOBAMA
#ImpeachTrump #Treason
Thanks for doing nothing...that is what you do best.
Exactly. These politicians are nothing for US citizens. Non stop partisan crap. Private sector would Can all

You are out of the mainstream and certainly don't defend our constitution.
And while POTUS & co. are under FBI investigation!
Nor while the President is under investigation by the FBI and others. #StopPresidentBannon
The Electoral College voted to put a man such as Gorsuch into the SC.  The mainstream voted this way. He loves the constitution.
Stop making excuses for being an extreme ideologue.  America does not deserve your tantrums
We should not approve a lifetime #SCOTUS nominated by a crook #TrumpRussia
and from a Prez under fed investigation.
