Little Sadie wont be saying that in 10years when she's being raped & wearing a headscarf. Little more complicated then that.
Why would Trump listen to you? You urge him?  You voted against all his nominees.  Cry me a river, Senator.
What are educators supposted to say to scared students and parents? Is school still a safe place? Scary times.
Using a child isn't going to work. America has a right to do this. Our President has the right. Deal with it!
I find it pretty disgusting what liberal teachers across the country are doing to scare our children.  Pure disgust.
Brainwashing kids101...
When all American citizens have homes,food and jobs.fix America first
I can see where a child would not understand why they shouldn't play with fire.
it's not a Muslim ban. You get a brain injury in the Gulf war or was that 'Nam?
I urge you to ask why Millions of Muslims are not integrated in Europe after two generations??? Please wake up
once again, it's people like our great Senator use inflammatory terms to rile people up rather than trying to work together
What does 11 year old Sadie know what her teaches feed her?
we had 8yrs of 11yr old mentality. Sit down now. The grownups are talking!
I would like to see the bottom.  Sadie is a child.
at Rod Rosenstein's hearing today, I hope you touch on this and also make him commit to special prosecutor re: #russiagate
exploiting children to further your agenda? Ain't happening.
Please,stop playing politics&put Americans safe&how about Americans First.WhenRurConstituents going2wake up2your foolishness.
And if someone got through and caused us harm you would be one of the first to get  all over our President.
Senator Blumenthal -- what a great way of showing the evil in the so-called president's Immigration/refugee EO !!!
Stop lying! It's not a Muslim ban and you know it.
- your kidding aren't you  - using an 11 year old to do your talking - when do your crayon notes come out on foreign policy!
@Rosie Should just ban the bankers and hedge fund managers.....
mabe u stop calling it a muslim ban and call it what it really is. I'm really tired of u dems making everything about race!!
If it is a Muslim ban why just six countries and not all muslim countries Hint not muslim ban, Shame on you you liar.
/ It's not a Muslim ban, or other Muslim Countries would be banned. Proven liar. ...
If this is a Muslim ban why aren't other Muslim countries banned from entering. We're not as stupid as you think!

Do research on Muslims in Europe. Molesting little children. Even if 1 child molested here, that's 1 too many! Ban is needed!
You do realize that radical Islamist want to rape and kill Americans - including your family.  See Sweden and France.
Well, if children understood what the actual dangers were I'm sure they would draw another pic! You do know!!!
As a taxpaying CT resident I want America safe and not overrun with immigration riots like many other countries in the world.
let her parents pay for them
lets see her drawing after she meets a 14 year old Muslim boy in a park or swimming pool. #Sweden
you are a war hero . Oh wait that wasn't you
Senator Blumenthal...  It's President Trump.  Please remember that.
are you kidding me !!!! Ur using an 11 yo ?? Wow new low Senator !!
great artwork by little Sadie. But surely you aren't taking advice from a 6 yr old?
sadly, democrats don't have the common sense God gave a billy goat, hence their massive electoral losses
apparently you have the common sense & judgement level of an 11 year old child. Misplaced compassion gives power to evil
I live in CT and I agree with the President's immigration ban
You have really lost it. Well maybe you never had it. At any rate this child is incapable of understanding national security.
anyone who doesn't want to keep Americans safe should resign...resign please and stop exposing children to your nonsense
Provided you deny the fact that Christians, Atheists, et al, live there, too. And conveniently forget it is HRH Barry's idea
i would rather see illegals go home on their own, BUT if they won`t, then we must put a band on them.... I mean ILLEGALS
\
@Rosie The mouths of babes make more sense than the Executive Orders of toddlers.
it's not a Muslim ban.
@Rosie Sadie has more intellect and compassion than you haters who refuse to accept immigrants & refugees.
should we send an un vetted one your way?
top one is a good interpretation of actual pics from Canadian border...way to go, Sadie, run for office someday.
your not working are u? GET OVER YOUSELVES
nobody gives a fuck what Sadie thinks
How cute
I guess this is what teachers do now a days.  Push their liberal agenda on an 11 year old.
Drain the SWAMP, your first to be voted out
i urge you to stop taking advice from 11 year olds!
@Rosie clever girl! Maybe she'll run for office some day....
Educate the kid so he doesnt start believing that Islam is peaceful.
- Islam is peaceful just like Christianity is 'peaceful'
really?? Thats why the fbi is investigating 300 refugees recently let into the country !! WTFU !!
So you want to let 11 year olds set domestic policy? Good grief! Thank goodness you're not my senator!
wish i could say that !! :(
this is pathetic.  Stop using kids (or in this case a fake drawing) to further your anti american agenda.
luckily 11 year olds aren't in charge of our safety-
You're right, we shouldn't let Trump near counter-terrorism policy!
it's President Trump!
I urge you to stop being a traitor & stop encouraging young Sadie to be a traitor to America and all its legal citizens.
Ask Sadie for advice on fixing CT economy, Mr 38th.
maybe he can put Malloy in touch with her lol
Sadie should not be used as a PAWN by her parents. Her parents should be ashamed of themselves.
I see what you did here lol
do Sadie's parents welcome just anyone and everyone into their home? I wouldn't take immigration policies from a 6 year old.
Respectfully, Would stronger language than "urge" be appropriate here? He will not ditch it unless he's forced to. #disssent
using the child card We put seat belts and child safety seats in cars to protect our kids, to have them killed by terrorists?
- how many of your children have been killed by terrorists?
Sorry, Sadie, but the grownups have been lying to you. 
unfortunately this who all libs get their info from and follow an 11 year old who has no clue yet... Drink some more kool aid
Want an 11yr olds utopian wish for America? Really that naive!
It DOESN'T ban 90% of world's Muslims you #LIAR! It Bans, Temporally people from Terror Prone Countries till improved Vetting
You're a very sick man to lie to a child! You all make me sick with your dishonesty. Hell awaits liars! Repent!!!!
Why don't you tell her the Truth that its Travel Ban & muslims are welcome. LIARS!!! Thou shalt not bare false witness
@Rosie lol Sadie, you make that at school? Your teacher tell you to draw this? Indoctrination at its finest. Smh
when kids think like this I truly believe our future will be in good hands.
Lets spare Sadie the possibility of being molested by someone that should not be here. Support the ban.
@Rosie incorrect - all the immigrants in the picture are speaking English
The muslims treat women like farm animals. You obviously have have a very poor view of women.
Yay! Go Sadie! From one Sadie to another, I salute her.
And Id like to see Blumenthal take a random Somali & Libyian, of any faith, to come live next door no ?s asked...
my guess is he wouldnt. Notthat he is racists, but because he knows he doesnt KNOW these foreigners from dangerous countries.
Something created by AstroTurf
that is the most simultaneously adorable and sad thing I've seen all week. <while cutting onions>
While Sadie's pic is cute. She had NO idea that ppl want to sneak in and blow her & us up. No1 is banning Muslims just cause.
This is what I want to see, that you should actually be truthful  for once, stop lying and sounding like a broken record.
@SenSchumer what do you think the 12 yr old girl who got sexually assaulted by Schumers immigrant wanted to see?
I urge you to get on the #TrumpTrain
you misspelled #racisttrain
11 year olds know so much about politics and religion! You know with their undeveloped frontal cortex and such. GENIUS!
Sen, ask "Sadie" if she wants this to start happening HERE
I suspect "Sadie" wants whatever her teachers and parents tell to her to want.
11 year old Sadie who either does not exist or whos parents are liberals and are lying to her.
Which one of those immigrants/refugees has a bomb, knife, gun, ability to rent a van? 1 American life is not worth the risk. @SenBlumenthal
- how many times has someone from the banned nations a 'rented a van and bombed' something?
Before 9/11 not too many people flew planes into buildings. It's always a first time. too late
I agree. We should certainly let 11 year olds make important foreign and domestic policy decisions.
Amazing; an 11 year old has a better grasp of American values than does our liar in chief 
maybe you should actually read the whole verse rather than just snippets
The innocence of youth Dick.
no use kids. Baby draw complexly different than i. Can't play bait & switch in mind control games. Fund country@ChicagosMayor
racketeering does not work! @DEAHQ junkies kill consumers ! Do math CPD airing their truths using Federal language!Forbidden©
CT would be better served by an 11 year old.

Calls to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. are offensive and unconstitutional.
