I would bet you do not have Obamacare
Why didn't you have an issue with Hillary selling US uranium rights to the Russian's?  #WitchHunt
Because HRC did not sell anything. She neither thempower to make the sale or stop it. Do your homework, please.
I did mine you didn't,
Read more carefully.
She got tens of millions from the Russians and they got our uranium. "All animals are equal but some are more equal than others." -G. Orwell
She got nothing from the sale of uranium. She could neither make or break the deal. I frankly do nor care if u like her or not. Sick of lies
THAT BILL U READ WAS FOR AMBASSADORS STUPID! NOT FOR COMMANDER IN CHIEF READ UR BILLS ON "BRIBES"
Takes credibility to question credibility. And you have zero. #vietnam
This is hell.......
How about you guys get to work on tax and healthcare reform? WTF? We the voters are watching...
Mitch McConnell & 12 Republican Senators are drafting the bill in secret & refuse to show it. Do you live in CT?
If you live in a red state you could pressure your Senator to get a hold of that bill & demand transparency & work with Democrats.
Healthcare reform is using reconciliation process bc Rs are using ACA bill as a big tax cut for wealthy. Only then can tax reform happen.
Would you have cared if Hillary had won?
Hey why dont u take a look at everyone in GOV. seems to me ur all on the take at the expense of We the Ppl. Plus CT is failing due to DEMS.
The American ppl deserve all of you to make decisions for the USA. What exactly are you saying? I would like to quote you, then Clintons etc
Senator, unless you have laws to back you up, the last five months have proven that "demands" are useless ... and We the People want ACTION
WOW!! What a hashtag! #TrumpForSale
How did the mid term elections go for you all. People stopped listening to you are your Trump bashing. Start doing something constructive.
Such as?
It's crystal clear that is and you guys need to call him out strongly every time! Do not hold back!! Fight fire with Fire!!
Why does Hillary Clinton after committing actual crimes still have security clearance..? Hypocrisy. #comeyleaks #LockHerUp
Funny didn't care when Obama was giving iran billions
Thank you! The truth is that a grifter is in the WH doing what grifters do best. And no one is at the helm of the ship of state.
Ah gee, Bloomie! Where was your grave concern when Clinton Foundation was receiving $Millions? How are they doing now? What hypocrisy!
Thank you sir. We need you to help correct this  unAmerican president and his administration. Don't give up.
I would like to suggest looking into Clinton Foundation and the many pay for play involved there #hypocrite #realnews
Right after they finish investigating son jr. for stealing from kids with cancer.
Finding daughter wedding from Haiti fund. Nice people those Clintons
Another lie from the "Hate Hillary" playbook; guess what -  you're the one being played.
dick, do something for america & retire with your fake valor
We are in this mess because democrats ran a flawed candidate.  DNC made the same mistake again with Ossoff.  Kid with no personality.
Where were u in the passing of ACA you never read it and u voted for it is a total failure now your hair is on fire
Thank you Senator for all your hard work!!!!
He should not be allowed to come near a computer until he recognizes that USA was attacked by Russian Hacks! #Impeach_and_Imprison
He should not be allowed to even discuss taxes until his are revealed like every President for the past 40 years.
And what have you done for the good of Ct citizens? So far nothing, it's time to get to work and stop being Schumers lackey
Blumenthal is just another democrat who is a sore loser!
This is how I want MY tax dollars spent: Holding crooks in office accoubtable for their malfeasance, not supporting their business interests
POTUS is a good man, Senator. Talk to him like you would talk to one of your Marines and I'm willing to bet he'll respect you. Shalom.
Demand all u want Mr. LAIR
You are so arrogant & misinformed you are blinded by your own failings
Your voters are paying attention to your distraction with Trump. You are guaranteeing Republican victories next election
Who did the Clinton Foundation benefit?
How much is obama making on his speeches?
He's already bought and paid for. We're absorbing his debt through the loss of our integrity.
Why don't you do something useful like bringing jobs back to CT
NOW you care? You must have missed the HillBillies grifting from any one they could.
Oh dicky boy give it a rest, we all know what ur about #stolenvalor
The Business of America is Business.  The best thing you can do for anyone is put them to work - Let's go Senator, Support @POTUS
How come the law doesn't apply to everyone equally?
You're on it Richie! Sleep well illegals!
shut up, hack

Richard your constituency  deserve to know if  u are looking out  for their  good or  just  their for  your pocket & to pls the extreme left
#trumppaidtoplay #russiagate #liarinchief #fakenews #45isacharlatan
Another baseless accusation meant to incite violence. You will be liable. Character assassination efforts should be punishable.
@realDonaldTrump is making choices for what's best for the American people. Why don't you hop on the train??
Jar? As in jarhead? As in brain washed trump groupie?
#trumpsoldout
Show time Senator
Be that guy that went after big tobacco. Alot is being hidden from us and no one feels accountable to American citizens.
All about him not about USA
I think Trump should investigate all members of congress & senate as well. To see where their dirty hands are & who they sell out 2.Fairgame
They're all GOP. LMAO. Yeah, that's a good idea. Have trump turn against everyone!!! Yeah, that's the ticket.
AsiaSuperGrid Japan, S.K., China & RUSSIA join Maximize #RenewableEnergyWorld
*WHY* is Trump against it for US?
How did you pay for your $1.4 million Pagani? Or your yacht that's registered in RI? Such a hypocrite #notmysenator
Russia's Renewable Energy Thrive Billions @forbes Putin been strengthening ties Qatar, Iran. 
Trump kills it?! WHY?
Agree
He is NOT for sale! Stop the division!
Thank you @SenBlumenthal !!  He has been all alone and blatantly so.
"I think we already know who the Trump presidency benefits, it's not us or democracy!"
Just like Obamacare benefited the IRS, health insurance companies that found out its, trash, software companies, etc. The taxpayers lost
It's no secret he's in it for himself.
