#TrumpBudget is as cruel and counterproductive as they come – depriving working Americans of opportunities to better their lives.
By attacking Planned Parenthood funding, Trump has declared all-out war on women’s health. His disastrous budget must be dead on arrival.
What tax breaks for the Wealthy - check with your accountant - you lost all of your loopholes in this plan and the middle class go a break!
Does Smelly Nelly get her "healthcare" from pp? pp is to healthcare as blm and kkk are to race relations.
my fear is what he'll cut that will adversely affect the #Lyme patients. We are all already struggling to survive.
You should work for free - release your tax records
Trumponomics = Greed and Selfishness, 1% First & Who Cares About the Rest #TrumpBudget
You are correct, Sen. Trump's FIRST priority is him & his dysfunctional family & 2nd are the "wealthiest 1%". AMERICA'S not in the equation.
Yes, It's putting YOU, senator, first and your bid for re-election.  Planned Parenthood's main function is abortion!  See stats!
please save us from this budget. please please please
Thank you Senator Blumenthal for representing the middle and lower income people. You have values and conscience. Keep up the fight.
Mr. Senator I don't want my tax dollars going towards abortions!
Hard fathom someone like #Mick [I assume of #Irish lineage] would go there... http://www.victorianweb.org/previctorian/swift/proposal1.html … …
Ok, thanks Vietnam Richie
Good deal you have Illegal Immigrant arrested w/103. Eric Crug He is collecting from your state social benefits DA.
Senator how do you justify that it's ok to abort a nine month human being?Barbaric, Unconscionable and Unacceptable ! You want my taxes NO
You care more about illegal aliens than you do your tax paying citizens. Follow the law Dick
There's no "you" or "us" in Trump's America. Only "me".

Thank you for being a bulldog, an advocate, and a voice-especially for those who do not have one. U R so appreciated!
Where is your alternate budget Senator character assassinator?
Trump is attacking everything that made this country great. DC residents want to be heard and seen in Congress. Please support #51stDC.
how come u don't send this great statement TO DJT? U know he has a twitter account? Why tweet but no addy? Just curious?
Then do your job and impeach Trump, flush his cronies & kill the budget before it gets a chance to drop roots.
Or maybe it's putting tax payer first. Why can't medical services be gotten in Dr. ofc or clinic. Why does it have to be planned parenthood
That fer sure! #MAGA is a huge joke on all of us not just those who voted for him...
Why should taxpayers subsidize PP? Let rich liberals pay for it.
Yeah! He thinks his self and his rich buddies ARE America. And the rest of us are just "the help".
We've NEVER had a more self-serving @POTUS... he is so morally bankrupt, so pathologically compromised, that our nation is at great peril!
Bull shit, why should my taxes go to kill babies?
That's all fine if you are against abortion, but those babies must be educated. Don't cut funding for education. Finish what you started.
Sen Bluementhal, please  tell me the  pupose of  Planned  Parenthood.   Remember we  all shall give account  to God  of out time  here earth
That's right, Mr Blumenthal! Thank you!
Just like Connecticut we can't afford it and neither can the federal government.
Before any cuts in SSDI benefits, (people earned money) Fed Gov has to repay the 3.5 Trillion owed to Social Security it has been borrowing
Trump wants to dismantle Federal Gov & line his pockets. He's fleecing the USA. He's broken laws & violated The Constitution, daily. REVENGE
AMERICA it's not just me trying to rouse you, OPEN YOUR EYES! Trump is a vengeful child  corrupting our Constitution into his plaything!
I guess Trump believes that you can't spell America without ME. #AllAboutMe
Wah wah wah!  Constant carping about @POTUS doing what he promised will not work.  1/2 country wants it.  You lost. Get over it.
No, less than 63 million people want it.
@realDonaldTrump
What's the matter the Democrats can handle handling the funding for it in our own State get out now while you can
Wow, you're an actual believer in Trump. How are you not homeless from being conned out of all your money and possessions?
Got anything new?   Or same tired old playbook.  I may unfollow you out of boredom.
We tried y'alls way......didn't work. Stand back and if you don't like what we do, vote us out.
With any luck, your hero will be impeached and removed from office, b/f the billions unable to vote against him suffer nuclear destruction.
Pure economic terrorism so-called Christians in the GOP ought to speak forcefully against. After all, they want Muslims to speak out.
tell me again why I do not have a say in giving my $ to gov, or to what they spend it on? Electability before principle, morals and values
No one does, except when voting. That's how it works.
Senator, suggested framing. Refer to GOP politics/budget priorities as "Survival of the Fittest". Rinse and repeat over and over and over
@PPact Gives huge political contributions to Dems. Better for women if they provided life-saving mammograms & stop killing babies!
How much did your campaign receive from them? I know
Good. As a Connecticut resident, thank you @realDonaldTrump . #DefundPP
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump  how can you not allow this to happen. You are a disgusting president to do this to Americans. It's u First not USA
Why did planned parenthood give millions to hillary? Seems like tax payer funds are being funneled into a political campaign.
Hillary isn't president, get over it.
so that makes it right? She is not president so it's fine. 
She isn't president, so it's irrelevant whether PP supported her or not.
it's not irrelevant if taxpayer money gets funneled to political campaigns no matter WHO'S campaign it is!
@RussiaConnects promise made. Junkie free. Cant take that into the Vatican library souls are spinning. Meaning arts  entertainment. ©™®
So the pattern continues - trump &
GOP are consistent
Amen.
