No real true red blooded american cares about him! Hes been here to long living here scot free! He had ample time!
"Stolen Valor" Senator calls @POTUS a liar
SHAME ON YOU BLUMENTHAL!!!
Tomas why r u so outraged at something Blumenthal did when your guy did worse: w/5x deferral & never even put on a uniform. Makes 0 sense
Been a while since a sitting president has previously served in the military.
Since when has a sitting Prez fought so hard to avoid service? - Our CIC shouldn't be a coward, or a continual daily liar.
Didn't see the past three signing up so 
There's a difference between not signing up & actively draft-dodging, Francisco!
He didn't run to Canada+hide he got legal deferments that millions of others qualified for and used . I pretty sure today's liberal
Snowflakes would quickly take advantage of the same if drafts came back for Afghanistan +Korea. I've seen first hand what Vietnam did to
Anyone can come into this country they just have to follow the process and the law! This man had 8 years to get it right !
Guess u did not read @ this man who has been trying to get legal status for YEARS.
It's been at least 8 years he came here in 1998! What is the problem? Are the courts over loaded with people! No surprise!
Show me a violent criminal record, and I think he should go. Yes, he's a criminal given his papers. What matters: No violence, ICE check-ins
No he is not a criminal. Has not been alleged he is a felon. One could make case that he is a refugee not illegal alien.
Illegal is illegal I expect you to follow the law or resign your position you pompus ass
Coming into this country is a misdemeanor. That does NOT make him a criminal.
"Just because he broke the law doesn't make him a criminal!" 
Trump won cuz of criminals like u cuz all he does its play God n u ppl like to follow the evil cuz thats wt ya'll enjoy

Intimidated by someone who speaks another language. So sad
Let him apply for legal citizenship and you finance the procedure personally or SHUTUP!
Stop playing politics. I hope common sense prevails here, but if not a partisan issue, you would have ignored this man. Read your mail.
They should let  working people stay and kick out all the scumbags we support
The term scumbag is not politically correct try financially challenged or lazy or possibly more than likely illegal alien
The US Constitution was written for a good reason. The majority of American citizens do no break its laws. Why can a foreigner?
Where in the Constitution does it say that if u come to this country without papers u r a felon or a criminal or r illegal?
So for 20 years he never bothered to apply for legal status? Mmmm Sorry no  sympathy...
Didn't read the article that says he HAS been trying for legal status.
1. This is a statement not an article.
2. If he had the good Senator would have said so.
3. Stop the knee jerk defense it makes you look...
Good I need a job
Where did he work
I'll take the job back that he stole from me all these years
Are you looking for work as migrant farm labor, Jacquie?
She doesn't want your job son, lmao
Apparently, she does. She thinks I stole it from her.
You don't get it
Since she doesn't seem to be able to speak for herself, that is.
Democrats don't lie they just Miss speak
All i care about is watching you and murfey lose your seats this election!
U dont mention another illegal immigrant ordered to leave.in case u forgot,illegal means against the law
If his family is being torn apart it's his own fault being here illegally
B 85 5 45
This is not callous the person broke the law. The family can move with him. It
is no different than a robber going to jail.
You've been senator how long? proposed ANY legislation for immigration reform? So don't be all high & mighty when law is being enforced.
Blumenthal and Chris Murphy aiding all these illegals, they just don't get it. Lies about why they came here also. All garbage
Democrats always state no criminal activity . Then we find out they always do .
He needs to be deported & take your socialist arse with him
As another person said, Yesterday you said no one was above the law. Today you support someone breaking the law. Typical politician.
An illegal who broke federal law.
When you break the Law there are Consequences. "If you can't do the "Time" don't do the CRIME". You should have learned that long ago, AG
Facts show that deportations increased for the majority of your tenure. This could be all fake news though, right? http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_58b3c9e7e4b0658fc20f979e/amp …
We are a county of laws Dick, stop cherry picking the ones we should be enforcing.We know you need illegals & minorities to keep your office
More bloviating from a do nothing Senator.
When US jobs are gone due to automation will you be putting illegal aliens b4 citizens like you do now? Dems don't care about us just them.
Thank you for your support Senator Blumenthal.
Kudos and TY
See ya later.......
As a formal federal prosecutor, and state attorney general, Please explain to taxpayers exactly which laws you deem acceptable to violate.
Funny...his native Ecuador also deports illegal immigrants after universal citizenship backfired there. @realDonaldTrump @ChrisLoesch
Good
Too bad! What's the back story?
Just want to let you know, I'm gonna be the next President
If you don't agree with current immigration law work to legally change it; you are after a Senator.
How much has he paid in taxes?  Who's SS# is he using?

Blumenthal... You're elected to work for and represent AMERICAN citizens. You are betraying your oath, your people, and your country.
Dems have been ignoring our immigration laws and created this mess. I am ashamed that they try to convince us their CRIMES are ok.
where was you when you put coal miner steel worker auto worker out of work. you said go on wellfair ok....let hope the people put you out .
You mean enforcement of existing immigration laws.  If you don't like the laws work with to change them.  Your statement is a joke,
Hey Dickie why don't you send this man to the IRIS class?  Tell us if he's undocumented how does he pay taxes?  Stolen/purchased ID+SS no.?
So pick and choose what laws you obey.So much for your oath to uphold the constitution.But hey what's in a oath to a known lier right Dick
He has no rights. He's not a citizen. He had 20 years to gain citizenship! Just another reason to publicly attack @POTUS. Come back legally.
Illegals, and criminals seem to have more "rights" than us citizens at this point. Don't you have more pressing issues to attend to?
Thank U Senator. This is a human issue that tears apart families. We need compassionate & comprehensive immigration reform
Immigrants enrich our communities.
Was he here illegally? Then let him follow the laws.
You're a tireless champion of all that is good & decent in the US. Those who know you know u have one of the best hearts & minds in Congress
He was still illegal though, right?
I'm so ashamed of us.
The way things are going, that message on the Statue of Liberty should be painted over.  #Disgraceful
Thinking of visiting Vietnam. Know any good restaurants? .. Oh wait .. you only pretended to be there .. my bad. #youlose #liar
At least he didn't have "bone spurs". Oh, well. He's feeling well enough now to play 41 rounds of golf on our dime.
Nice redirect - pay tax like everyone else out here! Careful - you woke the lions - we're never returning to robbery as usual prior to 16! 
If he wants to be together with his family, they can all leave with him.
Start doing something for AMERICAN people. This is what you choose to support while obstructing everything else. You need to be voted OUT!
It's time to start voting illegal immigrants to be senators. See what you do then
He was illegal, you can't understand this why?
Well noted
Why Does Trump attack the Working Class American s @ASlavitt @JohnKasich @chucktodd
Thank you for all that you do for our state!
Yesterday @SenBlumenthal was called out for his phony war hero story. Why don't you talk about that one...
No, it's your turn. Why don't you tell us about Trump's phantom "bone spurs".
I'll wait while you ask Moscow what your answer should be.
The Bully loves other's suffering.
He did this in your state Bcuz he is trying to get to you!
Be Strong Richard. 
He is Pitiful & Deflecting
thx to Sen Blumenthals staff- If- u find me tweeting @ his addy- will watevs on some b certain of tht meme = FBI =Ibullying
am also- attache' to high members of DNC, yo- fakes!
How is it that U.S.Senators have a different Healthcare Package ?!
Show us how u save us money. Drop Ur insurance & have same as wppl.
Thank you @SenBlumenthal
Full story please.
Becuz what we end up finding out w/these sob stories is that there's often info-a backstory-w/held for political reasons
Thank you 4 UR service to this country, at least U served! That's admirable! Don't let the haters @realDonaldTrump bother U, he's a nobody!
Will you STOP working for criminals and START supporting the president WE ELECTED!!??  Enough of these illegal aliens! Deport! You go too
He can work hard in his country legally!
you keep telling US how you are for the things that are so wrong in this country n now we have this with N Korea you freaking car salesman
A lady too. Fled abuse of her country. Boss says she reliably did job for yrs no American would. Paid taxes no trouble
He is here illegally the fact that he's been here 20 years doesn't matter! I came legally Dick! #Urlosingvoters
Now the kids will be on public aid bc no $$ coming in. We're not solving problems hounding working, decent ppl w/ minor American children
Hardworking after 20 years he should have saved enough to become a legal  so many have saved and are still waiting a turn to come legally
Let him stay - garnish wages to reimburse taxpayers! I have dreamers too - they dream of working to support themselves with less TAX! GTFOH
He had 20 years to try to get citizenship are you fucking serious rn lmao.
If he was here ILLEGALLY, Senator, that means he WAS. BREAKING. THE. LAW. What don't you get?
You must still have friends in Vietnam that would allow him to stay with them
There are more brick & morter Radio Shacks then immegration courts. He fled his country bc his father was murdered
THIS IS NOT AMERICAN!!!
When my dad got laid off b/c u kicked his job to china& we lost our house, i dont remember u tweeting about that, senator demagogue
Your disgusting, no one is breaking up families.  Deport the family too.   Don't leave your kids take em with you!
Is he a Vietnam vet like you?
You might be keeping a great man from reforming his home country& making his country great. If u think hes so great, his country can use him
You didn't say anything when Obama was deporting illegals. You are a phony and unhonorable person. EEnough of your bullcrap
Absolutely cruel. Trump keeps destroying families instead of deporting criminals.
They you invite all those illegal immigrants to,your house and you pay for them to live here

Slightly misleading statement. This order was issued under Obama's regime not Trump's. Could you have misspoken again Senator?
And ..... if it was done the legal way it would not be happening..start fight for Americans
Yesterday CT 70 families relocated to Massachusetts to follow their GE jobs.
Was he here legally? NO so therefore he is illegally in the US. Would he rather go home or to prison. Home he can apply to come back legally
Was he in the US illegally or not?  Perhaps you can tell him about Viet Nam.  He might want to go there.
Any of you senators condone illegal entry to this country will pay the price in the next election...
Unconscionable! Yet liars & traitors among us in our government remain unscathed?? NO real justice!
What's so freaking hard about adhering to the laws, he made his choice, and sanctuary cities just encouraged more people to break the law...
Send him on his way then tell him to come back legally then we will welcome him with open arms

http://www.nytimes.com/2010/05/18/nyregion/18blumenthal.html?ref=nyregion&pagewanted=all …
Totally agree he was tooo weak, he should have shown the fat kid from North Korea more muscle
Long description of the man that should be replaced with one word, "criminal". We see you.
After congress repairs U.S. Lower & middle income families then work on other country's poverty & hardship  healthcare immigration low tax
He had 20 years to become legal
He's been turned down for 20 years. System broken. Now the American kids are going to rely on our taxes for aid since hard-working Dad gone
Why is there laws, to prevent us from violating them come on now. Get new immigration laws done & let's work on healthcare 4 U.S. CITIZENS
You are a good man continue the good work.
Your cartoon is fake news by the way oh and by the way the democrats destroyed America and caused you to believe illegals are citizens
Justice is supposed to be blind & not have personal feelings follow the rules or go home that's the way I see it file app w immigration
Have Faith.
Blumenthal omitted that the deportation order was obtained by Obama.  Funny how Blumie didn't denounce him.  http://connecticutcomments.blogspot.com/2017/08/more-lies-but-it-doesnt-seem-to-matter.html …
If I go to Europe and I get deported that's ALL my fault not Europes fault. I was wrong NOT to apply legally and wait in line. That's da law
Yes we understand there will be sad stories with any legislative policy We need to worry about Us U.S. 1st not the  poverty fix U.S. 1st
Dicky, seems like you actually like to defend criminals over law abiding citizens of CT. Aren't you supposed to uphold the Constitution?
Totally agree with that one
Please  do not forget to support  murderers,criminals and  drug dealers, your base all  love lawlessness so they will support you
Atta boy keep protecting criminals! Pretty sure all but one in this family are here illegally. Keep the family together send em all back!
Yes  you  rebelled against the law of the land. Wow! America is now turning to a lawless countries with lib senators promoting  lawlessness
This country isn't a roach motel. Get'em out!
Cheers from CT. Covered you in the '90s at The Hartford AP.
Wish you worked as hard for people who are your legal constituents then ones who aren't tired of CT senators not caring. or @GovMalloyOffice
Good @realDonaldTrump  taking care of USA sovereign stance
How about racism?   Can we enforce laws on racism?
Why don't you leave with him too?
How about treason?   Can we enforce laws on treason?
How about rape.  Can we enforce laws on rape?
Quit cherry picking immigrants! This is now your cause only because it goes against @POTUS
Can we enforce laws on fraud and racketeering?
So Bloomie likes " fair and effective" law enforcement BUT only if HE can make the "arbitrary and callous" interpretations and exceptions!
Can we enforce laws on sexually assaulting women

Thank you for standing up for families.
Yesterday you said no one was above the law. Today you support someone breaking the law. SMH
Go, Senator Blumenthal! You're awesome! Trump is a jerk! Unfit to serve! Will be impeached soon! @maddow
They are not Trumps law. They are the laws. Why don't you give him your citizenship. We could Deport you and that would be much better
Thankyou for helping that family but there are so many more who need your help
Was he legal? Y or N? Enough said
So who's supporting the American children now? Yup, your taxes.  'Nuff said
Barry deported 1.2m yet no one cared then. Where were u Richy, and MSM for those stories?
That was mean sir. Show a little respect for our leaders and maybe we can get somewhere with them 
Let him go home, get a green card and then return. The law is the law!
Totally agree
thank you for standing up for what's right
How is he standing up for what is right, Richard is the law maker, not Trump. Trump is following the laws the lawmakers made.
Trump is enforcing the law. You are the lawmaker. So you deported him; by not doing your job. maybe your time is not being utilized properly
If he has been here for 20 yrs WHY IS HE NIT LEGAL YET. tell the aaWHOLE STORY
Thanks for standing up for Mr. Reyes.
He just wants that power grab for his party that amnesty will bring.They are on their side not ours, and that's why they lost in 2016.

He was probably a Russian army agent
Thank you for fighting for us Sen. Blumenthal. Great man!
was he in the country illegally?
Which part of illegally in this country don't you understand?
Where the father goes, so does the family. And senator, have you been to any Vietnam Vet reunions lately?
