
Bush got in 500g for speeches also

Sequestration did that. And Corruption in the Pentagon. 125 billion in waste and fraud
Emoluments clause emoluments clause emoluments clause emoluments clause emoluments clause emoluments clause emoluments clause
The Constitution protects Individuals from Congress and the courts, Trump included. Witch hunts are unconstitutional.
The #Constitution does not, however, permit him to break the law. #TrumpRussia #ObstructionOfJustice #EmolumentsClause #NoOneAboveTheLaw
There's no evidence Trump broke any laws, yet govt officials are insinuating that he has. That's what the Constitution protects us from.
There are multiple investigations. Were you not aware? We won't know until they're done.
The investigations weren't initiated bc there was evidence, they're trying to find evidence to prove innuendos. That's unconstitutional.
You are incorrect. They were initiated based on intelligence corroborated many times over. Try uncovering your ears. 
Convince me, don't insult me, and I'll give you the same courtesy.

I've read the report. Carefully. It's innuendo, not based on evidence.
Nah. I'm not a teacher anymore. Stay ignorant. If you were open to the facts you wouldn't be saying there's no evidence.
hold him accountable!
She stated that she would cut ties completely with the foundation if she was elected. Trump promise to show his tax returns, he lied.
Lynch=Obstruction   Where is the DNC server?  Why did they not turn it over to the FBI?
Sadly congress won't hold him accountable for anything. Dems have no power and GOP no morals. How did Dems manage to screw election so bad
You've lost 1,600 seats in government in 10 years you're a fail ass party with fail ass policies
THEREFORE #courtmatter #NoOneAboveTheLaw #bullies @CambridgePolice Defendants same Witnesses City Hall Solicitors Esq. lied #Truth comes out
Your a joke. Why don't you try thinking about some policies. You will be replaced!!
Did a sitting senator just accuse the sitting president of a crime? That is itself criminal.
You're a republican, Senator Blumenthal-talk to your "colleagues."
We the people LOVE President Trump!
The anti-Trump press hasn't been telling pple very many details about what he's actually doing bc they don't want pple to hear about them.
For whatever reason Dems live in a alt. reality!  They don't realize the voters Are educating themselves and don't listen to their lies 5-0
at least let the investigation go forward with no interruptions. To much smoke for it NOT to be SOMETHING
@realdonaldtripe Not so sure about this Republican Congress. So far, they are enabling this narcissistic embarrassment of a P
So thankful to be a CT resident and know you are fighting for us!!
really, you are going to be so pleased when this is thrown out of court
WHEN?? WHEN??WHEN??
Exactly!!
As a former democrat I am embarrassed of u and Murphy how dumd do u  think we the people are???? Obama care really hurt me. Thanks dimms
Oh please keep trying Dick
If you believe that then why are you not investigating the Obama admin and HRC obstruction? When there is clearly evidence of Obstruction
Constitution's intent was protect liberty.  U are an enemy of liberty, private property and individual rights. U seek opposite: gvt control
Good luck with that.
need to hold the GOP responsible because they're about to commit mass murder take it away health insurance from seniors, poor and disabled
GOP Congress wont. The courts will. #TheResistance #PBR #Resist
But cannot his kids profit for him?? Obviously they are..and putting it all into some acct for when #trump is no long prez.
You mean like Obama,who stole $1.8 billion in pallets of cash without congressional approval to fly to Iran in the dark of night for ransom?
@SenBlumenthal I don't think retail stores will sell him. No one will buy him. #lol
The most visionary, exciting @POTUS who would have worked w/ you & anyone to better for US. Yet you enrich yourself and do this? BAD KARMA.
Another demonstrable LIE from the communist left.
Is it true that case won't go ahead because there were no Republican signatures?

Take off trumps wig. 666 is carved
"Like all Presidents, you're not above the law"   
Unfortunately, the corrupt, complicit @GOP Congress will not hold Trump accountable. We must vote them out of office in 2018 #TrumpForSale
#TrumpForSale? Meanwhile the DEMs are pouring outside money into a Georgia election for a guy that doesn't even live in the district.
Says the #StolenValor embarrassment.
The most important thing we must remember is  @SenBlumenthal is #irrelevent and a massive #liar
And I would hope thd "criminal code" RICO, money laundering etc!
You suddenly care about the constitution? That's precious. Where'd you learn about it, in 'Nam?
Zzzz Where is ur plan for my healthcare?
Are you seriously lying about the constitution? you know we can all look up the emoluments clause and what it says for ourselves...
Interesting that Congress and courts won't hold Clinton accountable to the Constitution.
Nice how you get so sanctimonious NOW, after 8 years of lawless Obama.. but yes, mean ole Mr.Trump blah, blah,blah
Funny.  Why didn't anyone hold Obama accountable for the past 8 years?
#Hypocrite
Thank you Senator!
He is frantically trying to stay one step ahead of the law, that's equal to running uphill.
it didn't happen to #Hillary!
#NoOneAboveTheLaw 
Huh..................Well Well Well 
F88K ur emoluments Clause Hypocrite
I'd beg to differ...seems many are above the law in DC.
WTH didn't you hold #CROOKEDHILLARY accountable  Oh she was above the law
#NoOneIsAboveTheLaw
Thank you Mr Blumenthal
Grt message...thku Senator Blumenthal for standing up strong 4 Democracy Freedom & Justice #GOPFAILINGAMERICA @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan
Blumenthal is easily replaceable
Senator "Stolen Valor" Blumenthal. The lowest of the low.
When do u get held accountable for lying abt serving in Vietnam? We're still waiting.
You're such an embarrassment Senator! I've lived here a year and already want to move. This state is in trouble. Wake up!!
For what?
You sir are a disgrace as my Senator.
A joke. Stop the political nonsense.
By #NoOneAboveTheLaw you mean Hillary,Rice,Lynch & Obama, right?
Says the guy who lied about serving in combat. ClownDemocrats are a joke. Start serving your constituents instead of yourself.
You and #Hillary are NOT above the law either...you and Crooked brother Sid better lawyer up...going down...
Ahhh I did not know Sid is his brother! Very interesting....
That's a helluva statement, one year after letting Hillary Clinton off the hook.
When will you be to your oath?
Trump is a delusional bully living in an alternative reality.
Memo to senator blumenthal. Connecticut has a $5.4 billion $ budget deficit. Time better spent on CT. #trumpforsale
Sold your soul to the Clintons. You can redeem yourself w/ G8d and Country. Come home Blumenthal. #MAGA #NoMoreSexTraffic
Bankrupt his ass 
Memo to you Blumey! Anyone with half a brain can see how full of BS & corrupt you truly are!

I cant wait till they expose you!
For what? Please provide example of Trump violating #TheConstitution
So, based on your tweet will you also pursue the Clinton foundation? Nope, didn't think so. You're acting like a sock puppet.
Maybe Congress will not hold Trump accountable, but, hopefully, the Courts WILL!
"Justice will be done, though the heavens may fall" Cicero
Hey Richard, you're not above the law - Stolen Valor law to be precise!
Says the "Vietnam Veteran" wait that was a lie.
Be Quiet. You're a coward liar!
What legislation have you written during your tenure?
I will put this on the shelf along w Trump isn't a legitimate pres,russia/Trump Collusion,didn't pay his taxes&any
other BS U THINK OF...
Thank you for speaking hope!
And more.
 Pot calling the kettle
Hey Richie Youre full of it. AGAIN.  https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2016-11-22/like-donald-trump-george-washington-had-business-interests ….   @radioviceonline @TeamTrumpCT @CTFleaMarkets
He does not even care, and does not posses the intellect to even know he is doing wrong, so pitiful he is even CIC  OORAH
We're counting on you Senator! Help!!!
You sell out Connecticut for your personal gains all the time.
Yes he does yet idiots reelect him.
Barack, Hillary and Bill have always been above the law, have you said anything about them?
Not so sure about the House GOP's.
Memo to Blumenthal: stop the partisanship and grandstanding . Fix Connecticut!
