Better not get aspirations for higher national office because Hillary ran on "Commonsense Gun Law" platform & you see how that worked out
CT has very strict gun laws and still u hear about shooting every day, laws don't stop the violence that is common sense
Mr Blumenthal, why had there been no mention of the gop tax bill being passed? Call me furious!
Voices of reason do not override the Constitution.
What's lower than lying about fighting for your country in Vietnam ? NOTHING!!!
The people that vote for him!
Why do you hate black people? How many blacks have been shot in Chicago? Not 1 tweet from u. 58 whites, u care all of a sudden.

do you think the stolen valor act was appropriate
did you serve with john kerry in vietnam
We simply need to outlaw these horrible weapons. Background checks are okay but these assault weapons have to go. Period.
Gun violence...WHY did U allow Bump Stock sales 2 B approved for sale under Obama? Did @BarackObama @NancyPelosi or Dirty Harry overide U ?
Obama admin. Ok'd that piece that was used in Vegas. Didn't hear you then!!!
Haha
Thank you for all you’re doing!
do you ever have flashbacks from your time in vietnam
Yes ! Respect the majority of Americans and democracy !! Majority want background checks and gun controls!!!
No thay don't and by the way we are a REPUBLIC not a DEMOCRACY.
You've never liked guns. Your stolen valor proves it. You should go away and pontificate to other cowards.
You want to stop more senseless killings? Start by enforcing the unconstitutional laws on the books already.

And now they are saying Vegas shooter was on anti depressants
When are people gonna take mental health seriously? Every mass shooting has been done by people with mental healthcare issues!
I see one of your big money donors loves harassing women. Doing it for decades. U returning his donation?
Seeing as how you were a combat vet in Vietnam...oh wait...that was a lie...you don’t get to dictate to us. You never earned that right.

Heard that before, will hear it again no matter what laws are passed.
Why did you lie about your Vietnam service? Bad!
The ignorance of most of these tweets show how simple minded and uneducated you really are.Do any of you think for yourselves?
you were probably a better soldier than john mccain since you were never captured during your tour in vietnam
Thank you for doing what you do, and thank you for hearing us.  We feel like we are not heard most of the time.
Keep feeling like that. We're not accepting new illegal infringements.
You have no voice of reason, just emotion. Term limits apply to you. The shooter passed background checks and didn't have a background. DUH
The shooter? How about calling him the killer or Murderer? The devices He used were not legal to use, so why are they legal to buy? Ban them
They are legal, but I agree they should be illegal. They serve no purpose in defending oneself in the spirit of the "right to bear arms".
Explain to me what your back ground checks would of done for this I await your discussion
How about not selling assault weapons at all?
what the hell is a assault weapon?
Oh and remember everybody that’s “Normal” can buy a weapon like a AR gun...
Once you buy a gun you are indirectly or directly thinking about hurting another human being

Crazy people are the problem not guns
maybe you have ptsd from your time in vietnam
i disagree but i understand your time in combat has made your wary of guns
You Dems think by passing all the laws in the world would stop criminal. The answer is NO. Take a look at Chicago for example.
Cars kill mils of people not drunk drivers. Are U going to ban them too? Get rid of ur armed security since u don't like guns! #SupportNRA
I refuse to support totalitarian ideas from a fraud.
Thank you, sir! We're right behind you, the vast majority.
Coward has done nothing, now politicizing issue. Sandy Hook in his state=nothing done. Now doesn't like @POTUS so must be changed. Get lost!
Ha war hero - did you carry a weapon in Viet Nam? You hyprocratic lier, shut up and sit down before a real Vet sits you down.
OH-MY-The Gun does not PULL its own TRIGGER; the BRAIN does. Work w/ mental illness+databases. SeeSomething-SaySomething. CHI: 59 dead/month
2nd amendment can never be restricted.
The Vietnam vet has spoken. Oh that’s right, stolen valor.
http://wurdsfromtheburbs.blogspot.com/2015/10/another-mass-shooting-ho-hum.html …
What about other types of violence? Vehicle, homemade bombs, knives, fists??!! How about the root cause...mental health!!
You are sick liberal socialists who have no idea what's in store if this country turns socialistic communist. I know first hand -lived in it
You are delusional senator, guns don't kill people, people kill people!!!!
Bandwagon politics.
Explain Chicago please?
Since the 90 s gun ownership up, murders down.

All his guns were illegal anyway. There is nothing common sense about it
Snow flake drop dead

Not one damn thing you are proposing would have stopped the LV shooter. Pull you head out of your ass sir. #StopUsingYourHeadForAnAsshat

Blumenthal,Ur the same knucklehead that Tried 2 sell public Trump/Russia collusion,STILL No Evidence U lying bastard after 11 months.POS
When you talk about gun violence you always talk about the guns and never the violence. It’s NOT Guns it IS Violence.Why don’t you fix that?
Thank you for your wisdom, insights, and compassion. I always appreciate hearing what you have to say on the issues.
Like the "commonsense" gun laws of CT?   They have done nothing to stop gun violence in CT.  Be honest. You want to remove the 2nd Amendment

If the annual gun deaths in Chicago occurred in one day this would pale in comparison. Where is that outrage?
95% of mass shootings the last 10 yrs committed by registered democrats! Ban Democrats!

My hero!
Lying DICK (Richard) the war hero
As a retired US Marine of 30 years, he is a disgrace to Marine Corps.
You can't prevent a mentally disturbed person from killing.
Guess you missed my comment this am
Voices don't mean much, Senator, without action. #DoYourJob
Twisted GOP logic, they want to build a wall (that cost billions) to keep us safe, and won't discuss mass shootings.

Please keep the fight going.  Thank you.
Do you want to ban firearms like the ones you used in Vietnam?

There isn't one piece of legislation that would have stopped this is horrible incident in Las Vegas. Its impossible to legislation evil.
Please, outlaw bump stocks, silencers & other WMD's. The Killing has to stop. Hunters dont need this stuff . These are the tools of killers.
You are a tool!!!
Over half of all gun deaths are from pistols. Planning I going after them next?
4 times as many people were murdered with knives over what they call assault rifles. Will this be a future topic?
Start being a real Public SERVANT and work towards building TRUST on both sides.  Most of the public wants REASONABLE gun laws



Just tell us what we need to do.
Appreciate your calling out the NRA explicitly by name on the PBS newshour earlier today.  Thanks!
Was the shooter a member of the NRA?
Thanks
Says the man who helped Obama perpetrate the shootings in Newtown CT
So if we get rid of guns than what next, the kitchen knife? Ridiculous rhetoric!!
No one said get rid of guns. Get rid of WMD's. What do we need automatic or military rifles in civilian life for, except to kill each other.
How can we do more? Thank You for really representing America's values.
Why are you lying we have federal background checks even at gun shows. Your state alone has 20 manufacturers of guns. Who's paying you off?
dick, how many guns protect you?
As a gun owner I support common sense gun laws. You don’t need military style weapons to protect yourself or your family.  Magazines should be limited to ten rounds. It’s time for a change for the better
So true. Well said
You mean like making a list of arbitrary features that are banned or mandating expensive training?
Thank you Senator, for being a light in a dark forest. We need you.
The number of gun murders= to the LV incident happen monthly in Chicago w/ the nations toughest gun laws in place. You lie and we see you.
You lie and we see you.
You lie and we see you.
Like Obama giving pardons to gang bangers and drug dealers. You don’t care about guns you’re only interested in control
thank you for your steadfast efforts to make progress on GVP
Exactly what type of reform would work Blums?  Assault Rifle laws that already exist?  Bad people get guns no matter laws

They don't say that in Israel. They only want to disarm White people.
Thank you, Senator, for speaking for us.
You mean like you and “us” like the frog in your pocket..? 
Define common sense
NEVER HEARD YOU CRY FOR GUN CONTROL WHEN MINORITIES ARE BEING SLAUGHTERED IN THEIR NEIGHBORHOODS.
I'm ashamed that you are my senator
The Second Amm. Has absolutely NOTHING to do with your uncle Jimmy’s right to go hunting.
You were most impressive tonight at 8 pm on MSNBC re story: speaking with one of the "moms" after Sandy Hook & she said do something "NOW!"
Our sense of reason is going to vote all of OUT!
I do want background & mental health checks. So many shootings  involve people with no issues. Anger or ego reaction is now to shoot!
Except your common sense has left your brain.
Thank you for speaking so clearly to Chris Hayes on MSNBC
Meanwhile in these cities #silence 
2016
480 homicides in Chicago
344 homicides in Baltimore
333 homicides in Detroit
119 homicides in D.C.
And each city guns are illegal? Just shows how good gun control works. OBTW: the goverment can not solve your problems, ie..heron is illegal
So many politicians are saying "now is not the time."Well, exactly when is the time to get stronger gun control laws? They say that after every massacre and then they do nothing...ever! #NRAcrimes
Sure, that's the problem, not evil people in the world.  How about pressure cookers, trucks, knives, ILLEGAL firearms?
Did you use guns in Vietnam?

Did you use guns in Vietnam? Remember you served in Vietnam no wait a minute you lied about that!!!
Get guns out of bad people’s hands and leave gun law abiding citizens alone.
CHICAGO has some of the strictest laws. You cant even stop that. When you stop that we will talk
Your voice is more irritating than ever. Evil people will always find away to kill. Regardless of method. People kill not guns.
Do you have an extensive knowledge of weapons from your days in Vietnam?
I want my family to be able to shoot back in self defense no one should take that away
No one should own automatic weapons except police and military.
Guns aren't the issue evil is the issue.  If it wasn't a gun it could have been a bomb,  a car...evil has no boundaries.
So Senator, what is your plan of attack by removing guns from thugs in New Haven Hartford Bridgeport Meriden etc?Let us know ASAP.

and proper regulations on proper gun and ammunition usage. Who needs a weapon of destruction in their home for hunting or protection? NO ONE
You’re one of the few representative who doesn’t take NRA money. Can we please figure out a way to fight the gun lobby?

Thank you Sen. Blumenthal for jumping on this ASAP. We have been in a terrible situation for many many years with a shortage of real good
There is no law on the books, nor is there a law the Legislature could pass, that would stop a madman hell bent on killing people.
interesting how all the ppl saying gun laws won't stop violence are the same ppl who rage over bathroom laws.  Sheeple and bots everywhere.

Thank you for speaking truth and reason!

When will something be done?

I wrote letters today and will mail them tomorrow to my senators. Don't really think it'll do any good but had to do something.
To acquire a permit in CT one has to attend a @NRA safety course. All reps are grandstanding to appease the electorate. @HouseDemocrats
The govt has proven itself inept at protecting the safety of Americans. Catch & release
Make no mistake the 2nd A is to protect  from evil politicians not hunting! #freedomisnotfree #NRA4LIFE #Comeandtakeit #MAGA
Did you have voices in your head to tell you to lie about serving in Vietnam?

So when are disarming your security detail?  That's sounds like common sense to the rest of us. My right to protection comes from GOD! #MAGA
And how do you arrest a person that’s acting normal? It’s impossible to find out. So remove the weapons and engage laws to back that up. But help and let the young political people take this part.

I think its kinda rare but so 
heartbreaking for so many people.

You can take the guns its not going to stop the killing . They will build bombs. Lets be real law makers  do nothing. But make pepole mad.
Doing nothing makes many more people mad and many others dead
Will it ever make a difference?
Shut down the weapons manufacturers
And that’s just one type.
I'm so frustrated and sad to the point of hopelessness. Thanks for fighting the good fight.
I want uncommonsense measures that actually have teeth. Can we propose those? “Common sense” policy tends to be harmful.
Thank you for speaking up.  Too many up there are silent about Gun regulation reform. .
Maybe the #GOP will approve #silencers on #assault weapons, but they can not #silence my #voice demanding sensible #GunControlNow.
What would be common sense to you DICK? Not everything can be fixed with laws! Nothing you do will stop what happened yesterday
Time for congress to build a better platform, for the younger political leaders 
Secret warrants from Secret judges in Secret courts  based on Secret evidence to justify Secret surveillance give me no confidence in any government regulation of 2nd Amendment.
We have to stop these senseless killings
It is way overdue for Congress to take action to stop these senseless killings of innocent people. Please fight for gun laws!
What??
You are a great man, no question.  Much respect.  Thank you for all you do!!!  God bless!!  
He's a born liar
While we’re at it let’s ban heroin, crack, meth and all other stuff that can harm people.
Why can't we review the 2nd amendment, after all it was approved in 1792 when the most powerful rifle was a musket?


Let’s ban all guns but it’s completely fine for Hilary to sell uranium to Russia.
People Control, right Blumy?
Whew need renewable licenses for guns!  Inconvenient?  Tough!  We need a renewable license to drive a car, so get over it!  Get non military use of Semi/Auto weapons OUT of the US!  #GunControlNow
Permits already have to be renewed in constitution hating CT.
DUH!  Not permits!  LICENSES!  Where you are tested
Maybe a microchip too so that the govt that you trust so much to protect us can keep tabs on our every move?
NOW YOU'RE TALKING!
Thought so.
Richie Boy is either a Russian Bot, Troll  or just and everyday Moron! …,sad...
