Trump grades his administration's federal response in Puerto Rico: "I would give ourselves a 10."
Americans are dying. We should redouble our relief effort and not waste another second on shameful self-congratulations.
This just shows how mentally ill #Trump is. He is incapable of seeing himself as anything less than perfect, yet he's very flawed.
Call him trump! No Mr or titles go in front of a POS thug as him.Well maybe putinsButch or TRAITOR ok for u #PutinsPuppet NO MR! He's no man
.@realDonaldTrump check out @DavidBegnaud who is on site in Puerto Rico for CBS and is keeping us up-to-date. You suck as president.
Well take it up with the truckers who went on strike to leave supplies rotting on the docks.
Their electrical system wasn’t working fully before the hurricane, power outages lasting days were common due to lack of maintenance.
Thank you Senator!
So true Senator!
Go polish you purple le heart, asshole.
what you're not going to mention all those supplies found in the trash down there instead of being distributed to those who need it?
what a shallow twit you can be, does any #POTUS have a magic wand besides #obama ? FACT: Puerto Rico govt is dealing w/ yrs of self neglect
Trump got to have praise and knowing that he doesn't deserve it 
I give him 0.05% shameful mr. Prez
10 out of 1,00,000. I know FEMA is doing all they can with what they have been given. #we must do more
When I was in school, a 10 out of 100 was a failing grade. Still is. @realDonaldTrump failing president & human being. Golfing this weekend?
Now days, 10/100 is a passing grade, thanks to progressive takeover of schools.
No, that would be the for profit schools Devos pushes.
Competition increases excellence.
Why is that hard to understand?
2/ from the government; your taxes going into the pockets of con men.  With little state regulation or oversight.
Senator Richard Blumenthal make a proposal
#PuertoRico spent all their money on corruption and not infrastructure.
Just like all the wining if you ask the ppl affected they would think you asking about media attention thank god for them
Sir, I doubt seriously that you can count to 10...
What have you done ?
What have you proposed to improve the efforts? Apparently I have missed that. Or, have you no idea?
10 out of what?  100?
A legitimate President or human being would never give themselves a 10 for the Puerto Rico response. It's criminal. #PuertoRico

Hartford is about be bankrupt... Why don't you worry about your constituents?
I would agree if it were 10 out of 100. #25thAmendmentNow

rich!-roll-up-ursleeves&put
ur-energies-toWORTH-WHILE
WORK!-tellurbuddies-tolend-
a-helping-hand-BEATS-WAT
UR-DOING!-hoponpotus-train
MAGA!
His Travel Ban Of Chad Caused Chad To Withdraw Men Who Support US Troops w/ Back Up Cover! It’s Why 4 Green Berets Died. Wake Up America 

He’s moved on to something else today. He’s playing with s shiney pen at his desk and keeps focusing on a squirrel outside his window!
How much of PR was in the dark & lack clean water BEFORE the storm? Did you even KNOW that PR existed before it became a liberal 'cause'?
Obviously never worked with his hands.  Thinks power poles just spring up and grow transmission lines overnight.  The power plants work.
Trump propaganda just pushes "I'm great", which is just a bunch of hooey, like his and @gop #TaxReform
A 10 on what, a 1 - 100 scale?
the president on their infrastructure? The Puerto Rican gov't needs to drop the partisan bullsh*t and start working FOR their PEOPLE!
Richard with all the answers-how to rebuild the infrastructure without the money going AGAIN to the corrupt politicians?
If the local governing body is going to throw out immediate aid items like food, clothing, etc., what makes you think they will work with/1
Another day another lie! Trump has delusions of Grandeur! Russia, Russia, Russia’s coming!
PR had unreliable power before the storm. It is a textbook of poor management and ignorance. Its not POTUS.
How can someone be graded on something that is not finished?
Trump is mentally ill bully punishing PR victims, to death in many cases, because the Mayor wasn't nice enough to him.
As Trump says, you can't be a 10 without big boobs. Well, he's the biggest boob around, so maybe he's a 10 in that sense?! 
The cruelty & poor response to PR disaster is deliberate punishment cuz Trumps ass wasn't kissed enough by Mayor.
@KarenKilgariff
If we gave them no aid at all it would be 11/10
How many more people will die needlessly cause trump does not know what hes doing  impeach  how mny young men need 2 die bcse of him
I'll like to see YOUR 10 when statehood request is made and you 10+ drafting and lobbying in favor of usa citizens in PUERTO RICO
Thought a whole gaggle of of u politicians went there to get it all straighten out ,guess just ANOTHER wasted trip by u usless politicians
Maybe it's 10 out of 100.
Actions speak louder than words, so get your lying butt down there & do something.
Tell me.. Is Gen. Kelly still the adult in the room?! Disgraceful!
Here is the really bad news America:There is NO adult in the room! The generals turned out to be huge disappointments. We need the 25th now!
I agree!!
The stolen valor  is back. Sounds like PR is almost back to pre hurricane operation.
How would you really know? Let’s get some facts laid out... give me some reasoning behind your trash talk!
The governor praised Trump. It’s the local government playing politics and hindering aid. See how much contact they have with fema.
He didn't know how to include the minus sign in that grade of -10. Which what he really meant,..I think.
Out of 1,000?
Look here Mr. D.F Blumen call!!! What makes you think that this is 100% our problem? We're not helping enough for you? STFUP.
Thank you Senator.
It’s a strange sliding scale. Your round off to the nearest integer closest to 10
I give him 0
@PeterAlexander Trump only cares about select issues and only represents select groups. POTUS is traitor and should be tried.
If you haven’t noticed by now Trump views a negative as a positive  he’s a good very good backward thinker
Richard is this the best fake news you can come up with ?  Be an American and support our President.
Get a life worry about CT
With @realDonaldTrump , the bar has been set low very low. Maybe his judgement is based on how much time he was able to golf? #Disgrace
Please do something, anything beyond your petty partisan attacks. CT deserves better in its senators.
Seriously fuckin do something please
Where's the blame 4 Puerto Rico's Mayor that stopped the supplies from the people! I saw a news clip of dumpsters full of US supplies!
That is not the president's fault they were in disrepair before hurricanes you had 2 hit youThink you'll win anElectionBy trying blame Trump
That is precisely why self-reporting is never the sole assessment!
I said it right after that "10" came out of his mouth.  That is on a scale of "100"... maybe!
A 10 out of 10,000,000 is more accurate
USA Today reporting death toll around 450-and that’s just the beginning if aid doesn’t succeed quickly.
He is no president. Clearly the election was rigged. His occupancy of Oval Office is not legitimate. And he lacks the basic manners to make a decent pretense.
Yes, the system is rigged (by Russians); now we're stuck with him @POTUS
Lol!
Trump's "10's" aren't the same as other folks.
Trump’s response two Puerto Rico is a 10 as in 10% on a scale of .. he was given ten softballs to hit and missed 9 of them. #loser

Please do NOT forget Puerto Rico. Please tell senators and reps that not enough is being done to help them. Please. 202-224-3121 
I agree that it's not a 10 but what % had power and safe water before the storm. Very sad situation but I hope this brings change for PR.
https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2014/12/03/ferguson-activist-shares-experience/19815447/ …

Even good politicians lose sometimes
Not a ten in anyone’s book but tRump’s
I see no one blaming Obama for these people living in these conditions before storm.His admin refused to help bail them out.Corruption
Thank you @SenBlumenthal. I agree. Not a 10. Can potus be impeached or arrested or something? He is a danger to all Americans!
Why don't you go down and help.Because you know infrastructure was delapatated before storm.It takes time to fix something you felled to fix
He obviously cant count.
I will never give you a 10
Puerto Rico infrastructure was trash before http://storm.How  long have you in office.Why haven't you tried to fix it before Trump?
Blumenthal works on the national budget; the state budget is not his job.  Scold your state reps and @GovMalloyOffice.
a 10 out of 100 is more like it
I would have thought a sitting Senator would have a better grasp on current events  Like the Governor of PR at the WH today?
And 450 American citizens are dead.
When @realDonaldTrump said "10" he may have meant between 1& 0. Based on bankruptcies it makes sense. Math isn't his strong suit!
Before the storm, what steps did you take @SenBlumenthal to ensure Puerto Rico had proper infrastructure in place?   That's right...ZERO.
Yep I agree Blumenthal didn't even think of Puerto Rico before the Hurricanes hit
Richard, still making up stats like you were in Vietnam. Why don't you guys get to work for the people. All you do is complain and lie shame
You must live in denial. Have fun buddy.
Maybe with your magic wand you could put it back in shape I never saw a bigger fool then you looking for votes again
And he's supposed to be maga..the guy is disgusting...
Trump can't count. I thought you knew.
You’re a fraud
Also, the Governor of Puerto Rico was pleased. Stop the nonsense.
What both of you aren't saying is the grid was already awful. Our people were on the ground before the storm. Shameful on your part.
What have you done Senator?  Besides throw stones??
Puerto Rico elec  grid was shambles before the hurricane because of political corruption. Not a republican in sight.
It’s a 10 on a scale of 100
Maybe you should get your ass to work on DACA or will you blame Trump too for your short fall on that one? Just sit and do what you r told.
No way . We deserve a minus 1 for the help we have given or fellow Americans in PR. We need to step up.
When Trump does right you are silent as hell when he wins yopu are silent but if Conways feet are on the couch 24/7 outrage. MAGA!!!
Keep calling him out
Ask the governor that was sitting next to him AGREEING WITH HIM!!! 10+ WITH MISHANDELING ALL THE SUPPLIES IN OR HORRIBLE
He didn’t mishandle but that stupid bitch Mayor did!
SHE blocked POTUS from TWITTER!! Redicoulos!!
They are not white so he doesn't care.  It's sad but very true
When was the last time you were in Puerto Rico? Plenty of "white" people there.
Trump's Mission to Puerto Rico was Accomplished when he tossed out the last roll of paper towels. He's moved on.
They said power would be out 6 months before storm ever hit. You're a zero in my book.
Going after the votes.Thats why you’re so concerned.A sure thing!They hate the USA as you do!.
Such a good person...using the tax payers money.
Mr. Blumenthal, people are leaving the state of Connecticut in droves, thanks to your actions.
Thank you Senator Blumenthal
10 out of 100, maybe. Also know as an F.
10 on a scale of 1 to 100,000,000.00
45 is dillusional. #25thAmendmentNow
He believes that whatever he says people think it’s true....even when he blatantly lies. Please do something before it’s too late.
Where were U in past 2 decades PR infrastructure needed repaired ?How many people died because of U? Resign and get off the Kremlin payroll
#notATen #notA10 It's that ridiculous Prosperity Doctrine. Is it positive thinking or just one outrageous lie lined with alternative facts?
Trump asked the Governor how the United States did. Um, isn't Puerto Rico part of the United States?
I know....
He's done. Took his victory lap and moved on. Attention span of a gnat. It's what he does.
What Have you done you grandstanding loudmouth. Hundreds of millions have poured in $ food nuclear subs ect. A disaster happened get a grip.
You say anything to the corrupt politicians there that have been stealing from the people and infrastructure for decades. No you haven’t.
Please focus on Connecticut. You represent Connecticut. We have enough problems here.
The only thing he cares about in CT are photo ops
Not even a 10 out of 100.
Depends on the scale, of course. Maybe out of a hundred?
