He reached out to U Dems - don't make up excuses not 2 reach back! Show U care about the ppl U work 4! Go2work!
both parties! I'm not too happy about McConnell right now 
republicans never reached back to Obama.  Why do Republicans expect a double standard?
2 wrongs don't make a right. Not Dems not Repubs - only American ppl! B positive 
oh, so republicans can treat us like shit but we have to suck their dick now? No thanks.
this has never been easy, but it is not impossible. Rise to the challenge
don't you see the potential cycle? Republicans will get away with everything and dems will concede
they say the same thing about us. I am a democrat but I'm a conservative one. I try to see both sides
well yeah and that is why America got rid of Dems. Self serving and out of touch.
this is true
what fear, I only herd hope.
if tonight's sentiment was daily it would be monumental. talking about blocking media, scaring ppl due to ACA & immigration ban
how was Vietnam nam ?  Lying fool
I'm not afraid. The only people currently afraid are illegal aliens who committed violent acts. Why is they bad?
And muslims, blacks, jews, the entire LGBT community. Anyone that is a minority.
And why are they scared? What exactly has he done to them? Or even said he might do to them?
Look, I don't blame you for asking questions. You're simply uninformed. I'd like to help you understand issues at hand.
Really? I'd love that! There's no hope for unity without communication, but EVERYtime I ask a liberal ANYthing, all they do
Do you think you could DM me?
BTW, may help bridge the gap if you know that I'm a really bad Rep :) I'm atheist, prochoice, have NO problem with gay people..
@SenateDems americans deserve honest from democrates, democrates are the new communist party against American people
Only heard fear from the violent Progressive left that is afraid to let anyone speak.
heard no fear but hope Republicans stood and applauded forthe American people and the USA democrats sat and gave thumbs down
We deserve more than a self serving Senator that pledges to serve his constituents, then governs by big donor agendas.
I didn't hear any fear - I heard hope and optimism - not pessimistic cries coming from the likes of you
we also deserve a Cong. that works for the people and not their own agendas as u.  Ur part of the problem in the Nation
For all legal citizens of the USA I do not see this fear. What has been signed and changed to create this fear Dick?
the beauty of a TelePrompTer & good speech writer and people need to read between his lines not good 
You must not have watched the same speech
we have lot to fear.   Take your fences down .better yet vote more of these idiots out .
coming from a fraud like you that means a lot.
We need more than a Senator who repeatedly and shamelessly pretended he was IN Vietnam Nam.
you work for US don't you?!
you are such a hypocrite
Tell that to the families of those who have lost a love one from the hands of an illegal immigrant
get on board Blummy ... You are blocking the American People with your rhetoric!
Fear of WHAT
@sassyemmy3 Unity Seriously this is not the 60 s I will never unify with white nationalist GOP they should be tattooed 
is that your best shot back? CT Dems in Big trouble
I am working tirelessly to make sure you do not get reelected!!! Opposition and resistance is unacceptable. Do your job!!!
like what we had the last 8yrs with Barry Obama you hypocrite.
Not applauding when POTUS says put American citizens 1st, shows everything that's wrong w/the democrats. Illegals are 1st 4 u
like the 1 we just had for 8 years that promoted race division? Try working w/ instead of against & see if we can repair mess
You lost #stillcryin
Well said!
@RiseUpAbove Well said sir
WE DO!! Here's an idea --- Don't vote on ANYTHING till  #Trumptax BLOCK Gorsuch hearing for INDEPENDENT #911COMMISSION
oh rubbish. That very statement of yours is designed to induce fear.
The fear is real. Google Germany & Sweden, please. Seriously. Their women and children are being casually raped. It is real.
Says my Senator who's state ranks 38th in economy and 20th in govt. You shouldn't be judging our POTUS.
Dems are causing, perpetuating, growing ALL of the division. That was one of Obama's top goals in order to destroy America.
But if that isn't bad enough,there's Pelosi, Schumer,Warren,Reid,and the rest of your far left Liberal Democrats. It's Over!
Like Hillary Right!  Your credibility goes in the toilet with that alone!
we needed to Dems stand with our county, not sit on there hands just to smell there own a$$. I will never vote Dem again.
stand with our Country*

@SenateDems grow a pair and start doing something productive with @POTUS or you will be out
We deserve more then violent protests from bigot democrats!!
@SenateDems Yeah & thats what we've had for 8 years.
that was deep! (Lol, what a pussy)
It's strength
absolutely,he has divided us more than anything
Are you afraid? People only fear the unknown.
Don't be afraid, everything is going to be alright.
By calling the other side Nazis.
Now we need to Lock Hillary Clinton up
God bless President Trump God bless AMERICA
Governs by law that's what you're afraid of.
only thing Democrats forgot tonight were their white Klan head covers
THANK YOU! Dems r the racists! Need 2 point it out more, their people don't see it. Or any of their other tactics
Democrats proved their real colors tonight, total un-American
we deserve a government to work for us. Not themselves and there special interests. Go back to the swamp
God bless President Trump
The only fear exibeted is by Sen. Like u unwilling to act. We are all afraid but must act! Try it, its liberating!
so stop scaring people and reach out your hand across the isle and stop all this show boating politics from the democrats
you deserve to be tossed out of office if you put your partisan beliefs ahead of the American people.
Nice try, Fruit Loop. Mandela Effect people...go!
@SenateDems fear? Run from the war and pretend. Your one to talk!
Really?  This could be in the top five most ridiculous tweets tonight. Congratulations.
Like when the Obama Administration and IRS targeted Conservative groups, then pled the 5th under oath? 
Meaningless words,spoken by a man without a clue,to a Congress of hypocrites as we dive into the abyss #JointAddress
fear what fear seems to me your the only scare man
You're witnessing real hope & change, not the corrupt  #propaganda alarmist fear mongering of the left.
the president was amazing tonight!
45 lied 51 times in 61 minutes. You're getting played for a fool.
We deserve Senators who dont make shit up too
.@micman907 You're from the Netherlands, right?   @SenBlumenthal, don't listen to this guy - he doesn't even go here
@SenateDems how you are behaving....what so you need to help you off your 
@SenateDems Price for losing, remember? You worked with no one!
that's why we are like Donald Trump
I'm not scared, why are you
You will be. You will be.
Way to go. Acting like a petulant child once again. You guys couldn't even applaud shared values. Pathetic.
TrumpPutin and insane white nationalist cabinet + its racist followers are a threat to US National Security and our Allies.
What you NEED is to do what you're paid 4 and to start to behave professionally. Your job is to help to make our country gr8
@SenateDems No, U Dems are trying to make us fear Trump when UR ideas R the FRIGHTFUL ones! We feel safe w/Trump at the helm!
You feel safe that Trump is willing to compromise American Democracy over Russia?
Not like Hilary who protected democracy by cheating in the debates.
Is Hillary the president? Your more scared of cheating than the Pres. working w Russia?
You STILL don't get it!
I'm ashamed that you're my senator.
#jointaddress
It's almost like you're describing the Obama years. Weird.
@SenateDems What unity are you preaching?  Destination just sat there with no response.   You had 8 years, ACA is all we got!
word.
That made no sense. Go back to the drawing board and come up with something substantial.@POTUS .
this is not a game senator. We voted you in office. Now do your job and work with what you have.
@SenateDems But, you guys keep pushing the red menace. Russia this, racial hatred that. Nazis everywhere!
Agree completely!
He's learned the lesson from Bush admin.; use liberal language to assuage, do the opposite using Orwellian double-speak.
You said it, Rivka. Exactly.
@SenateDems Fear mongering is the Democrats play book. So much so they lost across so much- back 2 1920. Keep the course!!
@SenateDems It's the Pendulum swing back from maudlin sentiment that expects American Taxpayers to fund their own destruction
@SenateDems What we need are investigations into #trumprussia ties and collusion. #investigatetrump
what about Hillary taking 25 million from Russia to get rights to uranium
you are seriously disconnected from life #ctislosing
@SenateDems I have never been afraid of President Trump. The biased Left media is instilling fear in peeps. unfounded fear.
He's pledging in unity to those who wish to be governed by fear, white supremacy.
haha, My fav part of speech 'if you like your Dr. you can keep your Dr. and your plan.' @potus44 lied.
looks like you have trolls and fleas are investing ur page. Trumpf said hate, bullies, & they hear "love" and "bff's" Fools
@SenateDems What fear?  Be proud to be an American and unafraid.  Have some convictions!
What about the Americans who are not Christian Whites? Should they not live in fear?
I don't feel fearful at all.
@SenateDems sounds like democrats playbook!
IQ over 50'd be nice too
BS
you are so right. We also deserve his taxes.
tells us again about your Vietnam service?
LMAO YEAH WHATEVER! !
even CNN is giving a positive response to the speech.  The glass is half full.
did you hear the same speech?
Anarchist
Please do what you can to get an investigation done re Russia, there must be something that can be done...#TrumpRussia
Yes we want to know why Clinton foundation took 25 million while Hillary was Sec. of State to get to US uranium
when do we stop patting him on the back for acting presidential?
He's able to pull off a semblance of literacy and now he's Presidential? Thank the speech writer..
Negative if he's unscripted. Not happy if he reads speech. Give him a chance, do it for your country
Dick.. sit down your time is done.
well said
Amen!!!
what room were u in you must have turned your hearing aid off
