No he was looking to cash in like obama to make 75 million on a book deal. Are you an ass or what better than all the rest .GO TRUMP
You have no evidence, but yet you slander the @POTUS like he just stole your candy cane. How is that helping anyone? WTH is wrong with you?
Trump just submitted a financial filing & his profits @ maralago have doubled. 
This is what one who is not delusional would call proof.
there is zero evidence that he has done anything illegal

zero

and these idiot democrats in congress know that
just like when Obama rallied for Hillary and attendance doubled.. wasn't to see her 
You guys gonna cry when the whole administration is in handcuffs?
zero evidence 

you should stick to tweeting kitten gifs or anything else that doesn't require critical thinking

thx
Obamas old admin will be in cuffs first.. lucky you all have safe spaces to cry in
You are blinded by ignorance and have no path forward with your failing policies
..don't ask stupid questions: #Trump has ever done anything but *for* Trump..
#fakes
Seriously? You need to ask? No disrespect intended.
For christ sakes you are becoming less revalant give it up already
No question....HIM, HIM, HIM...
 then IVANKA.
Time for you to step down and get a new job
A nagging question? The only nagging question is why your question should even BE a question. The facts are clear. Trump looks out for Trump
is that really a serious question?   trump got into this to make loads of money!
He doesn't jeed the money you fool.
HE is doing nothing wrong. HE is not taking a salary! HE is not running the Trump Organization! @realDonaldTrump
He Did take Both his paychecks so far & he reaps gigantic amounts of cash every minute he's in office. It's the gouging of American workers
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/03/us/.../national-park-service-trump-salary.html?...2 …

His families bottom line not the American People!
Stupid question.
His.He said that running for POTUS would b good for his"brand".Its n an interview.Search it bc I don't remember who the interviewer was.
There is no law saying a person can't be invested in other countries just like other countries invest in the USA. It's business. Want names?
Will you please get over the FACT that you lost the election and do something productive while you still have a state to go back to
It's been blatant that he's only looking out for him and his cronies bottom line. He couldn't care less about the American people.
I think we all know the answer to that question!
Looks like all of CT is for sale: 'Managed decline'.  #WakeUp #Connecticut #NewEngland
Senator He is trying to make as much money as he can bc in the following years money means power and he is trying to stay alive
Can you really trust this man to put America's interests before his own #TrumpForSale #DumpTrump #Impeach45
you had no problems with Obama selling out to Iran
Your obsession with Trump will cost you the next election.
Every time I see your face I cringe
a little jealous, huh?  or afraid? ...   #Trump is draining the swamp & all you who come in poor & go out rich by selling our country
Get behind @POTUS - Lets get some money flowing and create some jobs - great news that foreign money is pouring into the USA!
Umm, let me think.....
The winner is...... #manbaby Donald J Trump!
Hey fucknuts, did you even know the FL governor was in CT yesterday luring MORE jobs away? What do we pay you for?
Fighting @POTUS because your candidate lost is NOT looking out for Americans! Enough!
#trump had so much money he could have lived out his life with out worrying about people assassinating him. Hes for us.
Sorry Dick, people paying for a service is not considered a gift. Stop chasing ambulances!.
Trump has always looked out for Trump and only Trump. Nothing has changed
#TrumpForSale? Meanwhile the DEMs are pouring outside money into a Georgia election for a guy that doesn't even live in the district.

Is this a seriously a question?
We all know he is looking out after himself.  The USA is a distant second.

There's no question it's his bottom line. Drumpf is 100% for himself and his family. F**k everyone else.
There you go again.  Do something for Ct please. What no tapper or news 12 today?
How is this even a question? Trump ONLY cares about himself. He has only two speeds: self-aggrandizement and self-defense. #TrumpForSale
Is it *really* a question? No. It's not. He's a thin skinned sociopath. Trump cares about Trump. That's all.
Trump thinks about Trump & no one else
@POTUS has removed himself as a business partner of theTrump business. Do you want him to change his name too!? His sons run the bus.
How's your fake military service going?
Duh!
ummm, you realize you completely screwed up Connecticut ,right? Focus!
DJT LOOKS OUT FOR DJT PERIOD!!!

FULL STOP
#MorallyBankrupt
One of those should have looked a little like a turtle.
Troubling?  Troubling?  How about:insanely outrageous despotic & corrupt.  Time to dump the soft hedge terms and speak clearly #BarFight
Seriously?  Foreign governments staying at Trump branded properties is your idea of corruption?  GTFOOH
Trump is the only one looking out for the American people. After 8 years of Obama, it's nice to have a president who cares for the US first!
No Trump fan but honestly, EVERY single Senator and Congressman is for sale.  Who's buying your support?
I don't think there was ever any question about whether or not Trump sees his businesses as #1. Sees billionaire buds as #1 concern/GET REAL
Why is that an actual question???
Wait..You went from 79 Million in 2012 to >>Richard Blumenthal holds wealth estimated at just under $104 million in 2016!
Gawd, these idiotic headlines. *NEWS FLASH* He never HAS looked out for anyone but himself, and he never WILL.
He's TURNED "OUR" PRESIDENCY into a F?CKIN RACKET!
That's easy, his bottom line.
@realDonaldTrump Your habitual flouting of the truth should be much more troubling to your constituents.
U DO ALL OF WE PPL A GREAT DISSERVICE BY SOWING SEEDS OF LIES & DISCORD 
WHY? POWER &$ 
#TRUMPFORSALE = LIE
.@POTUS = #DrainTheSwamp & #MAGA
And who has he drained? Seems he's hired the swamp monsters, manafort, priebus, newt's wife, McCain wife, bannon, his own family etc
#DrainTheSwamp does not just refer to ppl but to corrupt policies that doesn't help we the ppl but hurts USA!
You cite an Op-Ed as a source? That's like citing a fellow tweeter's opinion. Read up on Federal Code 3110 & then tell me he's doing right.
HOMAGE IS NOT #trumpforsale EMPIRE BUILT YRS B4 HE EVER THOUGHT OF RUNNING .@POTUS ELEGANT & BEAUTIFUL WHY WOULDN'T ANY1 WANT 2STAY THERE?
This is bs and you know it. Stop the lies and smear campaigns. Not why you were elected. Do your job
Hello... Donald Jr nd Eric are the only Trumps that own it #GetItRight
There's not doubt about the answer.
Sir if u were about the ppl u would put that , the income from trump international is going to the government. why do u mislead the ppl?
Quit your phony accusations and help your failing state!
Not just trumputin...but the Bastard Elite who encourage & enable the drowning of America in its swamp of manipulation & deception
Is it true the Trump Hotel in Manhattan is raking in million$ from a sudden spike in patronage by foreign governments?
It is simply ego which is a severe byproduct of his narcissistic personality disorder. He is not normal.
Senator Blumenthal: How likely is this suit to reach discovery? It is my understanding that there is no precedent. *No Westlaw or Lexis
What happened to our country? Losing hope in government 
Slander will be dealt with in lawsuits. #StolenValor
I'm sure all are terrified.
No he doesnt give a darn about U in Gov. Hes working for We the Ppl.
We Know he's not looking out for American workers. Where the hell is his bottom line? Just how Low can this government get.
... his bottom "lie." There, fixed it.
Don't care!  I just know I like Trump a hell of a lot more than I like you 
Go get him Senator. So sick of this disregard for decency and transparency. This is America damn it.
Jealous?
This was his life before election.
No surprises.
We elected a success story
Not an all-talk-no-action-politician
#SuicidalDemocrats
he signed that over to his son's. But u all keep fishing for something!
does that question even need to be asked?     it's obvious.
Yeah ... except you need to clarify the active and passive income, .  Missed your outrage as "Superdelegate" selecting Clinton.
his BOTTOM LINE is the only thing that NARCISSISTIC IDIOT cares about not AMERICA its PEOPLE or the CONSTITUTION
Himself as always #TrumpCrimeFamily
funny, none of this was an issue when Hillary and the DNC was and is openly for sale.
You never gave a damn when Obama flouted the Constitution
He's looking to have it changed and we are 5 states shy of a constitutional over haul?  The Mercers and Kochs are at it.
Ofcourse he is looking out 4 himself! That's been him all his life!   Tax cuts 4 rich Kochs, Mercer etc is 2 get huge dona'ns 4 re-election!
lies from a fake news\msm loyalist! And a disgrace to the Marines for lying about being in vietnam! Typical lying dem!
Was that a rhetorical question? I think it's blatantly obvious who @realDonaldTrump is looking out for, and it's def NOT Americans. #Traitor
Trump couldn’t care less for us, unless there’s the potential for bilking us.
Do you seriously have to ask?  Personality disordered creatures know others exist only for their benefit.   #ImpeachTrump  #Impeach
#ImpeachTrump
Impeach Trump for what? Hurting your feelings?
It's abundantly clear he cares ONLY about himself!
lmao that isn't a real question.
he's pillaging the US while everyone watches.
#Leadership matters. If POTUS thinks he is above the law, his advisers, cabinet and remainder of admin will think the same way.
Obama done it to us for 8 years . You didn't care then
