WHY would Virginia issue a permit?  Why would virginia  watch counter protesters assemble, no permit, The State unresponsive, and to blame!
You have a twisted mind Blumenthal
So glad you are on board to end political violence, hope you apologize for encouraging occupy, BLM and Antifa. You are guilty as the Nazis
It's amazing how the Democrats never have anything good to say about our President. Remember November 2018
True!
Beaten with many flagpoles, which should be banned!
Come on Senator you must have forgotten racism, bigotry & these ideologies have been fostered for many years not overnight
Can't believe anything you say! You have been exposed as a liar and cannot be trusted!
Your words today nothing more than hate filled rhetoric
Scum like Blumenthal gravitate to tragedies to lay blame, offer no solutions, and to lie adding fuel to fire.  Special place in hell for him
Shouldn't you say things that brings the country together? Your "Ilk" has helped create this mess and continues on a path of divisiveness.
Go away...what about your dem antifa?  This entire crap going on is all about Resist instead of heal. Don't  like Obama but he was pres.

Why bother replying.  I get great sense of relief blocking them.

Why dont you just go away already.
For 8 years you urged Occupy, BLM, antifa and other groups into political violence. Remember Rep. Scalise? You reap what you sow.
#BannonMillerGorkaMustGo today we saw what the 36% who approve of DJT look like
Wrong stop watching CNNNNNN read more

Ha Ha heat get hot and she can't deal with it.
Hardly Senator. Prez publicly condemned the violence, called for restoration of law & order, offered assistance & condolences. Be honest!
He cares way more amount his chocolate fucking cake then he did about the vile terrorist shit that went down in Virginia!
Stupid comment
Glad you brought that up. The hateful, violent ideology of the alt-left is equally to blame for the violence.

45 is a national embarrassment. No one has divided this nation more than 45. #NotMyPresident
So what is the senate of the US going to do about DT and what just happened in Virginia? What kind of bipartisan activism can we expect?
When he blow the dog whistle did u tale of running u Nazi Fascist Democrat  that not interested in who really caused the violence the BLM
Trump is despicable @WhiteHouse
Trump was suppose to be the big muscles man behind call out terror attacks for what they are, but not on American soil!
Exactly - from http://dailystormer.com 
LET'S TALK ABOUT YOUR FAKE STORIES ABOUT YOU BEING A WAR HERO NOT!!! YOU ARE A COMPLETE FRAUD WHO LIKES BOYS IT HAS BEEN SAID NOW WHAT
Senator please stop the BS.  Was the person who shot Rep. Scalise the spokesman for all of those left of the political middle?  Get real.
Indeed:
Yes the white supremacists in the White House know EXACTLY what their troops in the street want to hear. Disgusting

https://thinkprogress.org/white-supremacists-cheer-trumps-response-to-charlottesville-violence-3d0d50196c52/ …
Berkley, Inauguration, Assignation attempt of Rep. Scalise, Occupy, BLM. Glad you are on board with putting an end to political violence
left Wing comment
Your comments are ludicrous
@potus and @gop own it
Let's impeach Richard for god sakes he's lied to us he's lied to everyone Mr Vietnam has got to go
Tread carefully
All he can say is 'sad"? Enough you 
POTUS talked about "all sides" being violent. White Supremacists came ready to fight. POTUS needs 2 denounce them.
I can't wait until your voted out,you and @ChrisMurphyCT are horrible representations of politicians and the people of the great state of CT
Mr. Blumenthal, this is most definitely a time where actions speak louder than words. It's time Congress moved to impeach this charlatan
This is on Trump, it's his hateful actions & words that emboldened more hate. His appt of Bannon & other alt-right haters to his cabinet
3 dead.
Your comments are ludicrous! Your progressive liberal socialist ideology is the problem? Why do you continue to misrepresent facts?
U Continue to Expouse Hate like all Libs. Always pointing at someone else! U DONT HAVE ANY CREDIBILITY! LYING ABOUT BEING A VIETNAM VET!
Can't he be #impeached for that and for the rest if his list of wrongdoings?
Truly their Commander-in-Chief
He tweeted more about you then he did about this terror attack.
The driver was ANTIFA communist hate group funded by Democrat billionaire George Soros
Why are you not running for prez for 2020? Need more Dem like u
Did you go to Vietnam yet? I think I said enough 
Can we just call him Trump? Can't stand to use that title in conjunction with his name.
Someone once called them deplorables right......?
You are so wrong
We all know it's @infowars @alexjonesshows stirring hate and calling for acts of violence on liberals. Hate crimes are part of his act.
U R part of the Problem! All negative comments! Instead of trying to get everyone in this Country to work together! & make the USA BETTER!
Not one word from U about Fergeson! Obama spoke to early & was TOTALLY Wrong! u should be investigating who paid to send these people there!
Like ur Vietnam BS? Give it a break Dick? U know nothing to do w Trump
So what about the hate & violence fm Antifa? I hear UR whistle 2. Stop dividing Americans. Free speech, no violence.Stop inciting violence !
You're a liar in the middle of a moment requiring leadership.
https://twitter.com/cernovich/status/896476155485626368 …
How about this one?
So thankful to see your time in Senate coming to a close. My hope is that Trump & the USA will succeed big! #MAGA
Sicko's only LIE about their military record.  Sign of a true COWARD!
Jesus.
You have serious issues. From hearing you talk on news Soros must be paying you BIG BUCKS! Stay tuned, well be talking more soon!
Thank you Senator.
The the hate rhetoric of the DNC is fueling all this violence. Time for your party to grow up.
Dog whistle is @realDonaldTrump's favorite means of communication w/ the soldiers of #TrumpMob Appalling to have a corrupt, uneducated POTUS

hey Dick is this the kind of stuff that you faced in VietNam, when you were in the war
And they heard it loud and clear.
If we are to move forward he needs to condem them and fire Bannon, Miller, Gorka.
Daily stormer is pushing a narrative that the driver acted in self defense with no other evidence beside a photo of a broken windshield.
Most likely broken by the body of his victims.
I'm sure!  This is an act of terrorism!
Like the dogs they are, they heard it. Pic of Daily Stormer via Soledad O'Brien.
Thank you, Senator Blumenthal!  I am so very proud to live in the state that you represent!  
Absolutely true
U answered hid whistle by tweeting and complaining about it .your own words must apply to you .
5 police officers in Dallas were killed as a result of the BLM movement - you blamed guns!  All racial violence should be condemned!
Amen Senator Blumenthal,an I wonder how much Kelly and @realDonaldTrump's other staff had to push him to say anything,cause that's HIS base
CT can and must do better than current senators; watch closely and demand accountability and accomplishment vs. blather; CT voters wake up
What did you have to say to Obama when Ferguson was happening? He sat back each time we had riots! WE dont need your ignorant comments
Crooked Trump does not want to lose their votes.  Just protecting his base!!
Shameful
You really are disgusting.  why must you use a tragedy to try drive people apart with a political point?
Your rhetoric is the reason this country is divided! #TiredOfDNCHate More people will die until YOU & your #DeepState stop the hate! #MAGA
shut up! Why didn't @GovernorVA call up the National Guard BEFOREHAND to PREVENT a riot?
Other groups or incidents would have characterized by POTUS as terrorists.

More lies from you senator. Haven't you learned your lesson about lying yet?
This is your stupid "resist" bs in action. KKK and Nazi protests are a good place to stay away from.
as you pander to left wing Violent Antifa leaning bass
Sure and your tone really helps. Perhaps you should just shut up.
Lies! Get back under your rock
DJT accessory to murder. He brought the Nazi's from behind closed doors out in the open & emboldened them to voice hatred
Why do you insist on showing that ur the dumbest guy in the Senate?
Then he starts talking about himself. This sicko has to go along with the nazi's in his administration he is harboring.
Thank you for saying it.
President Jim Crow
Donald Trump just showed who he is. He and his party will continue to not get an appreciable amount of the Black vote as long as he's Pres.
Many of those injured were injured by blm and antifa who came to fight. Hypocritical phony.
#ImpeachTrump
Stop inciting further violence. What is wrong with You? Ambulance chaser.
This has to be said out loud to him direct;y!
You're an idiot if you blame one person's hate and bigotry on another. Disigenuous at best. What is he required to do or say?
Sorry to say I think you're right. Awful.
Actually 3 dead. The helicopter that crashed was there because of the nazi idiots.
Why don't those racists go work the crop fields now that they have kicked illegals out
3 dead
You are a real piece of work, you r no worse than the car driver.
So there is nothing he can say in your eyes. Tell me more lies about your tour in Vietnam.
How many police have died because of BLACK LIVES MATTER?
They agree. Statement by the Daily Stormer.
trump bred these Nazi White Supremacists through his hate and bigotry. He is destroying this country. #ImpeachTrump
Dog whistle? Sounds like a bull horn to me.
Here are the lefts words....comment??
Real helpful there Mr. Stolen Valor.
How is what he said any different than what Obama said after the riots in Richmond last year?
Guess you can't count.  Did you forget the two state troopers that died in the chopper crash
You're a US Senator.  Why don't you cut the crap?  Reign in your intern/assistant - see responses to ur twitter.  You're part of the problem
I love your stannce against the TRAITOR. He needs to go.
Did you watch the video; there were 2 crazy groups that had weapons was the other innocent because they are Democrats
Thank you for speaking truth.
If you truly feel this way then act now to remove Trump, all cabinet members, and appointees under the 25th Amendment, this stain is forever
Where were ur words when college campuses were in danger from radical
& fascists?
You should be calling for Trumps resignation!!!!
Becoming more a malicious bark.
"Cherish our history" = Nazi propaganda
You think you r always right. NOT!
So no you don't get it both ways, Obama was called unpatriotic for not calling it what it was he was also called a Muslim. What's Trump?
His regrettable comment about loving our history was about loving our White, Confederate history. "Many sides" comment was disgraceful.
Thank you for speaking out.
All this talk about Trump not being in drivers seat! Hummm was Obama in drivers seat, much said when he didn't call it Extreme Islamic terr
I suspect that the Nazis are celebrating Trump's speech late into the evening "Hail Trump"
Has trump offered to pay anybody's medical bills yet?  Like at his racist rallies? Certainly his Nazis get government paid healthcare right?
Stay strong Sir... you are a breath of fresh air in this shit
Stop being so logical mister.
Thank you for speaking the truth! This was done w/hate and malice at the very least Trump should call for what it is. Very sad! Unpatriotic
Hey Dick, where is your outrage when George Soros funds Left Radicals to riot and destroy in he name of protest.
Per @washingtonpost, three dead now.
OMG... this is beyond heartbreaking. Those ppl were there as part of #TheResistance and I will never be able to say Thank you. 
Thanks Mr. BLUMENTHAL.  I admire your style.
r u nuts?
Does this mean you won't accept a position in this mad man's admin?
Your party lost, you speak like a dying swan. What happened today is awful, don't put Trump in the driver seat.
Yet you probably blamed Obama for everything under his watch right? Trump owns this, bigly.
Dog whistle for white supremacist, #Bannon is the happiest guy in the WH right now, @maddow @Lawrence @ChrisCuomo @donlemon @realDonaldTrump
We need to blow our dog whistle to #Mueller to hurry up and lock u up #CrookedTrump
Richard, your rhetoric is hateful, and perpetuates this problem.  You were elected to solve problems, not to create them
When is calling out white supremacy terrorists rhetoric & hateful?
Impeachment!!
You want to impeach because some ass hole drives his car into a crowd that is so pathetic
Impeachment!! He is not a president that America deserves!!
He is one of them. He has to go before more people are killed.
3 dead.
Just like his speech in Warsaw.
You are so correct.  Stormfront already gloated to its members that Trump's comments today were not directed at them but at their enemies.
Daily stormer...
You are correct, Senator. Here's what's happening on their trashy websites.
PLEASE IMPEACH HIM NOW!!!
Can we do something now about this? I am scared. My president hates me.
Bingo!
Unfortunately I expected nothing less
Trump is no leader. Please impeach him ASAP.
I agree   He doesn't want his white supremacists and Marxist to stop following and voting for him.
Two LEOs in that helicopter too, from latest reports
Donnies offering to pay all legal fees.
Then do something Senator. Invoke the 25 th. Get Steve Bannon out too. Enough talk we need action. This is orchestrated to distract.
I agree! Trump is poison to America on every level!

