"These words – 'I love it' – will haunt Donald Trump Jr." @SenBlumenthal reviews emails about Russian lawyer mtg 
Yep and tip of the iceberg...expand field of vision
#TrumpRussia is more than just "collusion" during an election, it is about decades long relationships between Trump and Russia  
How about the Clintons, Podesta and Lynch?!
"Russian dirty tricks? Democrats wrote the playbook on foreign government collusion" http://washex.am/2uoqYc6 
#ClintonFoundation #uraniumgate
These words will haunt the entire tRump family. They're all complicit top to bottom and sideways out. Jr just executed the family biz plan.
But you won't you and other are what's wrong with the senate party over the law and people of this country
It's amazing the lengths the Trumps will go to make excuses for each other and to lie than backpeddle to explain themselves ! TrumpRussia!
Like Obama did when he allowed Russia to take over Crimea with fake Maytag service uniforms.
Like u did with this FAKE MADE UP ACCOUNT &  STOLEN INTERNET PICTURE? WHY DO WHITE TROLLS DO THIS ANNOYING HABIT? ASHAMED OF BEING WHITE?
It was a president* candidate kid acting for the unfit father meeting a RUSSIAN. No is right. Corruption is criminal.
Scary..you were AG for CT yet have so little knowledge of the law. Or, simply trying to deceive? Hmm, have you ever lied for political gain?
Bombshell? I think Hillary Clinton deleting 33,000 emails is a bombshell

More smoke, did you know there was a high drug bust for illegal drugs given by doctors, pharmacy, billions in fraud, not much in the news!
How is the budget doing in CT. Focus please
It (WOULD have meant) that hillary did something wrong and someone wanted to let them know. Your weasely azz would have done the same thing
Junior will be our Pres someday.
You actually studied law right? Or was that made up like your service in Vietnam?
Not that quick. Ain't nothing to it!
But he wiped the E-Mails with a cloth before he made them public, just like Hillary... you're horrible...
Please stop whining and accomplish something.
Still waiting to hear what crime has been committed?  Get off your butt and get back to work
That lawyer was set by Hillary!
Go pound sand. Senator.
These hacks never reply to comments. They are bobbleheads who are subservient to @TheDemocrats . This is why they are getting voted out
Only bombshell is you liberals continue a false narrative with failing policies without real solutions
Oh yea
It time that you hold your party accountable for the corruption the last 8ys  Hillary, Obama, Rice, lynch,etc  if you want to be fair
Good job Senator. Proud of you.
I am glad you are proud of someone who claimed he served in Vietnam when he did not.
@ChrisMurphyCT  I think u should investigate Murphy 4 having hired a true Communist - Maxwell Goldman CT chair CPUSA
But it was ok for the Obuma admin restoration to the the Russian lawyer in our country after she was denied that's ok it was the Dirty Dems
No one believes Don Jr is a criminal, and staying on this Russia nonsense just emphasizes how stupid you think your constituents are.
More Trump tears flowing. Clinton already found not to have committed any crimes. Trump/Russia, just getting warmed up. Walls closing in!!
Interest and enthusiasm don't equal a crime was committed But why look for evidence when you can just create noise while the Dems do nothing
That is because Putin owns him.  Can we get rid of this admin soon please? They are putting us in grave danger in so many ways.
Didn't think you'd stoop this low.  Just lost the last shred of respect I had for you.
Dicky boy what about clinton & the Ukraine??? Careful about throwing those rocks Dick!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmkVEzwe8dw …
liberals  led  by their  mindless  and  clueless senators are Unhinged and psychotic
can u tell me how she got here on an expired visa and who her chaperone was?
the blind leading the blind,all of you  will fall in a ditch  as usual.
what  do u cal the   bleaching of  servers  and delete  of  over 34000  emails  to cover a crime, that is  honesty in your  book.
MORAN.
Please comment on Clinton and Ukrane in the context of criminal collusion.

GOP still doesn't get it!
Shall I call local law enforcement to arrest the criminal? Enthusiasm gap is to wide!
DO SOMETHING IMPORTANT SENATOR. WE KNOW U LOVE BEING ON TV, talk about something good for the US. Not legal ego.
Allan Dershowitz, attorney and Democrat, says w/ what is known the case against Trump Jr. doesn't have  a leg to stand on. More posturing.
BOMBSHELL.mwhahhhhaaaaaa. atop it, too funny, Bombshelllllll...mwhahahaha

Ukraine????????
Allan Dershowitz, respected army a
BS Blumenthal....
The obama admin granted the attorney permission to enter the country. There's your collusion.
Such fake outrage.  Lets play, We need to start prosecuting Hillary and other past corrupt politicians as they have done real collusion.
The email could show intent but not criminal intent.  What's the crime?  Getting dirt on an opponent?  That's not a crime.
Are you sure you want to go down that road Richie? Democrats just might have dirty laundry. Let's try focusing on Connecticut's problems.
Might???...He does for sure, he stalked his wife when she was a kid, married into her families fortune
When will anything be done? Will a cohesive statement be issued? Subpoenas? What? It's been two days.
Winning!!!!!!!!MAGA!!!!!!!!!
"Bombshell" I think you are still hearing bombshells from the PTSD you still suffer from your past military service in Nam. Oh wait!
@potus won the election...this is what came of the meeting with DTjr...Let's look at this from a different perspective...
1. You get an email to meet a "special friend" at a warehouse to "receive" a kilo of "high grade" info and leave with nothing then...but,
You get what you want later. Just by "showing up" with "key" members of the campaign is visible authorization to proceed as planned.
2. The meeting was phone recorded by Paul Manaford as collateral for future use. Drip, Drip.
So charge him with something.
Lol sorry no crime here DICK! The only crime here is they allow one if the greatest liars in politics on the air
As the former CT Attny Gen. and a brilliant prosecutor, PLEASE. DO. MORE.THAN
JUST. TALK. Take action, more than GOP's "hopes and prayers"
Brilliant is a stretch. Talk is all he's got yet people continue to vote for him
If Russia is so bad why did Hilary receive money and Russia receive uranium?
Where did u serve ?  I forgot ..
Hey Pal..as Lindsey Graham would say...the LIES just never STOP coming out of that trap of YOURS...do they?? WON any HERO awards lately??
Are the dems allowed to talk to foreign governments, seems kind of like a double standard
Who do think is listening to a liar like you. Go back to being a war hero
https://twitter.com/liz_wheeler/status/865699164851552256 … Really?
We finally have proof of inappropriate financial dealings with Russia. 
I love it!!!!
