our premiums will go up under Obamacare too its a loose loose for families like mine who's insurance has only gone up since Obamacare passed
you have to admit the affordable health care bill has it's flaws. My aunt can't even get a decent plan that's no more than she can afford
We should already have a decent Public Option for people like my aunt and your aunt. a PO would be competitive with the big companies
why can't we just expand Medicare/Medicaid/state health insurance to cover everyone and have it be paid by our current tax dollars.
Nobody. Thank you, Senator.
Do you have a solution senator??
They do, and if you'd been paying attention, you'd know. It's called one-payer.
The super rich who gets a tax cut?
@Steven_K_Bannon Why do we need crooks like Nationwide to collect our money and deny claims. Single Payer. I'll do it.
The GOP Senator, it helps the @GOP, the wealthy, and the @DNC in 2018
Corporations. Millionaires. This is our wake up call.

Democratic election chances?
Interesting. Trollish responses from Trump supporters seem to have largely dried up. Did you all at long last realize your error?
We are lucky to have you fighting for us. Don't stop!
Obamacare is hurting us and killing jobs. Repeal it now!!!
Richard, you are a wonderful advocate for your state, and always do the right thing!
So isn't it time 2 support Medicare4All instead of subsidizing insurance co profits? Have some guts @SenBlumenthal
that is why we need full repeal. Give americans your health care plan Richie. let's make a plan that includes all you asses in the senate
The wealthy get tax breaks it's not all bad 
The Republicans can now take the American people's healthcare money to build Trump's wall. His homage to himself and Putin. #GOP complicit.
Would this impact the illegals u are blocking ICE from deporting? We know the CT tax payers have subsidized their existence. Thumbs up. 
It doesn't work like that. Taxes don't fund spending.
Were does all that free money that is spent so freely come from? Oh ya just print up what U need. We pay IRS & CT TAX SO SEN BLUME can spend
Or maybe they spend so that we can pay taxes . Google Modern Monetary Theory.
You.
didn't yours go up?  Oops, forgot, you have different coverage than the average tax payer.
Blumenthal is a billionaire. He can buy whatever healthcare he wants.
I want to know how many Trump supporters loose coverage...that may finally turn them. Or, they may said work in progress
Please keep fighting. I'm one of your constituents and I don't want to see people lose coverage.
Skinny people? I don't know. The title is misleading.
I would have to let go of my business here in CT if I have to choose between insurance for my family over business insurance. Terrible
Rich white men.
Insurance companies and their investors ie it's about financial health of the few at the expense of the majority. No human health involved
CT senators are the best senators!
The super rich get another tax break?
Calling my cousins in Fairfield today!! 
The 1%
Stop trying to get yourself reelected and do nothing again. Do something of substance to be remembered as decent. Luzr
It helps Trump, McConnell, Ryan and associates.... those are the ppl who matter
A man of your education status should not actually believe or pitch to the people that this is the final draft of the solution. Shame on you
Your my senator I fax so you know I am here and care about all of this! Thank you for your dedication
It helps the insurance companies -
No one
Since January every day is a barrage of bullshit and we are not going to fucking take it anymore. This administration wants the poor dead!!!
Rip it up
In 10 years! You left that out DICK
What a dope - 200k who are forced to buy it or pay a penalty and premiums are already sky rocketing. You need to work on your living skills
Not me
Really? You don't remember? Those poor insurance companies' execs are hurting without their bonuses and the rich are being taxed to death.
Actual text:
"The term prohibited entity means.... an essential community provider."

Digest that for a minute.
There will be all-out revolt if this SHIT passes. WATCH!
Thanks for fighting for us Senator.
Just like SenBlume fightin inNam?I read ur a great VET? SAVE US MONEY SEN GO 2THE VA?  WITH OUR HERO's? They want2chat with you ! ABOUT NAM
Ask @SenToomey he swears he has it figured out #skinnytoomey
Billionaires and @SenateMajLdr's fragile ego.
Putin
My thought exactly
It helps your GOP colleagues get re-elected by saying they repealed Obamacare, as they promised.
Legacy?  ACA is crushing Middle Class.  Hillary lost because of it.  Let's point fingers though, and shun responsibility.  #seekthetruth
The rich. Who don't need help.
Skinny Repeal in CT: 200,000 lose health insurance. Premiums go up by $1,000 #NoSkinnyRepeal
Settling for a health bill is like settling for a spouse.  It's worth finding the right one. Otherwise it's dangerous and likely to fail.
Does it include the language so our employers no longer have to offer coverage ?
From my understanding, it eliminates the individual mandates & the employer mandates re: companies of a certain size MUST offer coverage.
That scares me.  I work in an industry where there are only a few companies to work for in the area.  If one stops offering they all will.
Wishing that you don't have to deal with that at any point! At this point, single payer is the only solution I can get on board with.
"Lose" coverage = "opt out of current mandatory coverage."
#KochBros et al
Did u 4get his mom is white disrespecting his mom & grandrents? Things that make u say HUMMM.
Tax cut recipients
Thank you for your opposition.
