A commie coward, pharasee, he doesn't lie, bet tells others not nice to lie and get caught, probably has nice contracts with gov, city,
The press needs to be held accountable for #FakeNews 

Libel is prosecutorial crime & the #fakenews media slander using 1A as their excuse
What Dem crats do now, allow future parties to mimic when they have prob, drain the swamp and actors
Your and Maxine Waters >>> perfect together!
There was no implied or stated threat to freedom of press.
Anyone who prints leaked information that hurts the American people, is a traitor, and should be severely punished.
We need to hold YOUR power accountable - you are a proven liar...actually PROVEN....
Once a liar, always a liar.
Impeach or recall Sessions who is not upholding our Constitution but looking for loopholes in it to dismantle our freedoms & rights.
AND ALL JEWISH OWNED PRESS IS NOT A FREE INDEPENDENT PRESS.ESPECIALLY IN A NATION WITH A WHITE MAJORITY.GET YOUR FACTS STRAIGHT
Freedom of press is not freedom of accountability
I agree! The only I can add to that is... Lynch, Clinton, Comey, WassermanShult...
What can any standing born American do to stop this dictatorship way that Trump and his generals do to stop the total UN-American ways?
He was elected, and he will be re-elected. Get over it.
#MAGA
Threatening our free press with jail? Where are we Russia??!!
Again, you are mis-spelling libtard propaganda.
Not surprised a dirty liar like you is a #Hitlary supporter
Oh yes, we have a free  independent press. C'mon. Needed a good laugh, thanks. BTW, is it not the role of the DOJ to carry out & enforce the laws of our Country (I will make it easier for you...YES IT IS). Therefore, its role is to review rules they are commissioned to enforce!
Independent press..your a joke..
Didn't seem to matter when Tim Russert was b/f the grand jury. Subpoena reporters to the grand jury and force ID of leakers. Support @POTUS
Where was your fake Vietnam fighting ass when Obama was silencing reporters more than any president in history, hypocrite.
Republicans must cut ties with Trump administration or we WILL lose our democracy.
Nope.
#MAGA
They seem to re-write the constitution to fix their own interests! I have never seen such disregard of the constitution before in my life!!
Be specific, who is re-writing the Constitution? Who are they?
"Freedom of the Press" means it can't be stopped from reporting news, NOT "Free" to report supposition, rumor, or manipulation of as"Fact."
You mis-spelled propaganda again.
Please continue the fight to keep our press freedoms as you have always...
You mis-spelled propaganda.
U confused, we want that, but not gossip, I'll intent malicious ridicule, or commie smear tactics, BERIA smear tactics on opposition
Especially since it is nothing more than liberal propaganda, Vietnam hero.
Your "free independent press" is bought and paid for by  democrats and George Soros.  When has Hillary or Obama EVER been held accountable?

Yes what about equal justice under the law?!ARREST DWS? ARREST HRC?? ARREST RICE?? ARREST COMEY!! @fbi @doj where is our justice depts??
Vietnam?? Uh, that would be No. But you are telling the truth now. So everyone should trust you and believe what you saying now. Got it.
Since when is a REVIEW of a rule, a threat?
We need to reinstitute the Fairness Doctrine
With great freedom comes great responsibility. Freedom of the press doesn't mean free reign for lies. If the story is true, produce evidence
Really?? Would you have said the same about DOJ if they had threatened press under Obama? Something tells me you wouldn't have cared.
We should let the press leak with bias and impunity..so  powerful are accountable? Stunning  from a former prosecutor. Used to be YOUR job.
Just because you say this, Does not make it true! We have first hand heard and read lying Propaganda from Press. Nice Try!
The press is Crooked by circling the wagon for the Democrats  and go after Republicans nearly  percent of the time.
A review is a review you twit!
Independence yes, outright lying press, no! Our press is not run by the gov't unlike British press, but you can't just make things up. #MAGA
The DOJ isn't referring to "made up" information. Leaked transcripts, etc. are factual. Press also isn't source - leaker in @Whitehouse is.
We need that free flowing Fake News every day to make our day.  Meanwhile AWAN story is irrevelant
These morons don't even know who you're talking about, Robert. Brainwashed sheep.
So you are not concerned with Americans security, but only the press?
@realDonaldTrump  Or maybe you're just worried because you were leaking information yourself?

MSM and Dems have eroded true journalistic practice in this country.
Press should not print confidential government information that is leaked.
Thats why our founding fathers put it FIRST. As Bush43 said @POTUS power is corrosive & addictive,a free press is essential
You don't seem to be worried about national security from illegal leaks coming out of the White House as long as it hurts Trump
Who fits the definition of a "Blow Hard" Richie? Try looking in a mirror.  Go Tiger!
Leaking classified information is illegal. Independent press, my blank! Ridiculous remark from our great Senator of CT 
Fight for what is right.
BS. The press is the enemy of the president WE ELECTED!
Sessions is afraid he & his hate filled extremist followers will end up in prison.
Hypocrite.. Obama went after journalist and some are now in jail!
Yeah professional expert press
You mean the lying News CNN, MSNBC,CBS NOBODY BELIEVES THEM ANYMORE!
Senator you think its acceptable that transcripts of executive-level conversations between world leaders are leaked?  Really irresponsible!
No comment about the economic news?  Just blowing more smoke.
Fight them. Keep up the good work.
You mean a bunch lying but kissers for the Dems
Yes, but has it been acting independent?  I heard an interesting narrative today about press and administration collision.
Cannot help but wonder where all the conservative self-proclaimed scholars of the Constitution are when this admin is trashing it.
Thank you, Senator Blumenthal!
These pigs have no shame!
Ha
Only because you were all in the tank for Obama #treasonousdems
Ditto
Get a job
this is what authoritarians do.
@SenateDems will have their hands full enacting laws to keep our #villageidiot @realDonaldTrump from destroying the country & breaking laws
Biased  and  fake lib press that couldn't  bark  for 8yrs and  fraudulent lib senators thbad of the country
Would be true if we actually had a "Free" press....they are bought and paid for buy seditious traitors. You are ignorant if you don't see it
#obama did it, what did u tweet then? Or you just jerkin arnd again ?
Obama is not President
I'm sure the press, especially Fox reported fake news about Obama on the regular. Don't recall him chasing after the media #ObamaDay!
This whole thing stinks #badsmell
Blondie never had an original thought - only Retweets - looks TrumpBotLike to me #BuhBye
You must be talking about the fake news press which is vital to democrats but not us hard working americans. Is that what you mean senator?
Thank you mr. Blumenthal for pointing this out. A free and open press is there only means to secure democracy at this point
Wish we still had one.
Who held you accountable for your lies??  Stolen valor

How about an honest press?  Oh right...you Libs don't know what that means.....sad
Sorry to burst your fantasy.  I did vote Rebublician last election.  Believed DUMB Donnies lies.  Fell for his bullshit. Mueller is good 4us
Oh booo hoooo!
Sir all of this is to stop the press, Your doing a great, thank you so much, but we all have to do more, On your team,
Sir this President and AG moved us one step closer to totalitarianism today
if only this were true But afraid not Free ind press stop lying n then maybe b Vital but no lies r vital
Trump bot word salad
