Why ....Obama lied....Susan Rice lied Hillary lies all the time. Blunenthal lied & Bill Clinton lied ... none resigned ...Clinton impeached
Such a distortion of facts. The problem with Trump's cult. He's screwing their wives & Chihuahua ... but Bill Clinton had a girlfriend
Not had ....has.....and keep in mind he is married to that thing
Is LOL mean Lies O Lies ....then I agree !
Thank you for saying it... I was wondering why Session was getting away w/lying
Obama got away with lying...so did Susan Rice & Hillary and even Blumenthal lied.Bill Clinton lied under oath & was impeached. No 1 resigned
Comparing these 3 people 2 trump there r no comparisons,they have spent their life in service to people,trump has spent life cheating system
It's 5 people not three
Ohhh... either way it doesn't matter... trump is s
@SenBlumenthal @CNN RESIGN!
Not only does he need to resign, need to be consequences to his perjuring himself ....stiff fine or jail time.
If Obama,Susan Rice,Hillary, Blunenthal & Bill Clinton all lied & did not resign why should Sessions. Yes Clinton lied under oath- Impeached
Sessions lied....again.
Obama lied,Susan Rice lied Hillary always lies,Blumenthal lied about being a vet & Bill Clinton lied under oath,was impeached, none resigned
How can Blumenthal talk about the truth, he did lie about being a Vet..
Why didn't you resign when you  got caught in a lie?  "Just asking"
Blumenthal should..
Shame on Republicans who put party & a win before people&country WE WOULD BE HAPPY IF HE WAS DOING A GOOD JOB BUT HE IS DESTROYING AMERICA!
Sessions should resign he lied to Congress no-brained-Recused himself nope still involved! They're all crooks they need to go!
Just another lying liberal wait i hear vietnam calling
Please he needs to retire
And on and on they go,,,,,,
Blumenthal.   Who the hell are you to lay down ultimatums???? JEFF SESSIONS has a right to stay right where he.
speaking about being truthful, I am a Vietnam war hero
you and Trump supporters never get to use that word "truthful".  Along with justice, dignity, and respect.
But the liar that is Blumenthal has your support?  Unbelievable. Ask him about his time in Nam. He'll gladly lie right to your face.
lied once, acknowledged and apologized. yes I would. and u should too, since u continually swallow trumps BS without question.
Oh no!! Democrats demand more bullshit and you report it! Give up reporting CNN you haven't a clue!!!
Boring
When you going to report real news like what is hiding in leaking that will be news of century and media will miss it
RUSSSIIIAAANNNSSSSS!!!!$&&!&&&! WE DONT NEED EVIDENCE!!!! EVIDENCE IS. SOCIAL CONSTRUCT!!!!$!$!!!
This should apply to all politician in Washington, they all lies. Don't be so hypocritical
Take a dirt nap Wolfie
CNN. Why the hate for President Trump. There must be a reason. Did he embarrass you that much. Oh yes, the Russians did it.
No, he embarrassing himself Repubs& our country!  HE IS DOING A GOOD JOB DESTROYING AMERICA! Do HOMEWORK SEE HOW IDOL PUTIN TREATS RUSSIANS!
Why didn't he resign when he lied about his military service ???
yes'' and so does Trump Pence Tillerman Bannon republican congress members and trumps family all of them
Why don't you name those senators so we all know who they are.
What happend to Sid?  He was inside our government with no authorization.
Okay Senator, just AFTER you, Schumer, Pelosi, Warren and Waters resign! DEAL? Thought so! Lmao 
Says the fake Vietnam combat vet. Keep on lecturing us about being "truthful"
Blizer & Bloomy side by side. Looks like perps in a lineup.
If he has, "Stolen Valor" Bloomy must resign.  Should have already for his "perjury".
Yea. Sessions was a bad choice
Even I know he hasn't been telling the truth.Let me go through those files and I'll tell you in >5 hours if yes or no! It's taking too long!
You can take as long as you like. Your answer, like mine, will not change anything.
Is this the guy who lied about his Vietnam service to get elected?
The hypocrisy of Blumenthal calling anyone a liar How is it possible he is still a senator Stolen Valor Disgraceful
Welp. 
Truth and politicians. Who'd be left to run the government.
May he be as truthful as CNN?
He needs to go to prison for treson.
SESSIONS-NUNEZ-TILLERSON DOESN'T KNOW WHAT RECUSE MEANS OBVIOUSLY!
More self promotion with little or no facts to base it on. #outoftouchDick why don't you focus on the people of CT!
Why? CT is USPS abbreviation of Connecticut.
This whole administration needs to resign. Call for new elections. Putin won this one.
Why would anyone give this man credit for a segment discussing the ramifications of lying?? Only @CNN 
Blumenthal is worrying about truth? #Vietnamservice
I used to respect Blumenthal
Wouldn't trust Blumenthal as far as I could throw him. He is an Alt-agenda globalist.
Claims the man who lied about his military service to get elected, hmmmm, makes you wonder what other lies he is telling. #fakesenator
Blumenthal, give it up. U have no credibility
U hack
THANK you Sen.  We are grateful for your leadership and courage.PLS continue to press Sessions as well as pushing for clarity around Russia
NO PEOPLE IN THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION NEED TO BE CHARGED FOR UNMASKING AND SPYING ON TRUMP BIGGEST SCANDAL EVER BIGGER THAN WATERGATE
We don't know if Session has not been truthful. But for sure we DO know he's been lying! @nytimes @ap @msnbc @abc @cbs @reuters @newsweek
he shouldn't be talking about anyone lying. He's a disgrace.
IF NOT BEING TRUTHFUL IS HIS GOOD REASON FOR TRUMP'S RESIGNATION THEN HIS ASS SHOULD ALREADY BE RESIGNED AND GONE.
#FakeNews @CNN daily Chicken Little Media banter of the Sky is Falling! And what is the meaning of If and Is and that? Fear, Hatred, Racist
You hope he resigns before he drains the swamp
How many chances does Sessions get?
We still have the 3 strikes program? Damn he actually has committed 3 outs.
Agree 100%!! Time for some affirmative action! Lets get this show on the road!
Please! Stop your constant stupidity
Everyday some Democrat is demanding some republican resign.  I demand Senator Blumdenthal resign immediately
If????????
Dems are world champion sore losers - blinded by partisan anger over losing White House.
Then you Senator lied about service in Vietnam should have resigned long ago.
Does also apply to fraudulently taking credit for military service
Yeah but it's the little runt protected by the big bully
ALL PROPAGANDA!!
By that reasoning, Trump should also resign.
Your Sessions info from anonymous sources has been debunked directly by sources WITH names and knowledge of the situation. #fakenews
Like him with his military service lie?? C'mon CNN, stop giving this clown airtime.
How honest has this guy been?
HIS QUESTION IN THE CONFIRMATION FROM FRANKEN WAS:::  DID U EVER TALKED TO RUSSIANS ABOUT SANCTIONS?
MR. SESSIONS SAID:: NO.
REPLAY THE TAPE
We already know that he hasn't been!
Wish the Senate would investigate Woulf
Truthful? Were you truthful about your military service. Way beyond hypocritical
You already proved he lied. He should have resigned 1 or 2 weeks ago. Please get on with this.
Two-Faced pathetic Democrats, like a comedy show...  https://twitter.com/American1765/status/862628821077512192/video/1 …
Comey should have been fired in July 2016. He deserved to be fired for trashing Clinton and for Trump's stated reasons.
He is a liar. . he committed perjury, he is not qualified as an Official in Judicial system
hahahahahahah! And the last two were so honest? Fake news CNN is so funny 
FAKE. You might get some viewers back if you would report facts & not try to trash Trump on everything. Respect the PRESIDENT
AG Sessions is here for the long run. Deal with it!
Then you should resign Blumenthal since you lied about your Vietnam story. I feel secure with Jeff sessions protecting our borders.
You can see this is a ploy to get him out. You can see how political this witch hunt is
Fake news
If being truthful is the standard, the whole Trump administration would have to resign!
This nut likes to talk and throw around allegations with absolutely no evidence ge is the laughing stock of the Democratic party!
Hey Wolfy, why didnt you ask this lying POS about his time in Vietnam? Blumey needs to resign, can u say STOLEN VALOR.
@SenBlumenthal would not know the truth if it bit him on his a$$
Another witch hunt Libs totally incompetent
He should resign if he's not truthful
I am so sick of CNN
By that standard Blumenthal lied about serving in Vietnam,so he should resign immediately.
Dems: Damn we could not prevent him because dang repubs. hold the Senate, but we could float there was another meeting he did not disclose
That work just a well.
Yes he should
Clinton News Network is a waste of air time. Dim/Dem toilet bowl news. Control media edcuation entainers DNC/ Nazies 101divide americans
Why can't he resign just for being a racist?
Fakenews
How many millions of taxpayers  have been poured into Democrats pockets and still NO PROOF. Let's put money into AMERICA
When is @SenBlumenthal going to resign for not being truthful?
Idiots
@SenBlumenthal @CNN were you in Vietnam?
One fool @SenBlumenthal interviewed by another @wolfblitzer a bias leftist blow horn!
@SenBlumenthal @CNN Interviewing a liar about someone else. He should resign, Sargeant Shultz.
If he has not been truthful then he's committed perjury - LOCK HIM UP!
You mean not been truthful again....how many of Putin's Pussy Grabbers people can't remember meeting or talking to the Russian ambassador?
Grow up already
Really, Blumenthal said that? Shocking.
Wow. So many fake acc'ts opened up simply to troll CNN & spew unadulterated, pro-45 nonsense. So obvious, entirely pathetic. Go back to Fox.
Listen to these epic babbling sheep lol never gonna win an election again. Such a fraud lol lol fun to watch tho
says the stolen valor Senator.
What does Sen. Blumenthal know about telling the truth? Lied about his military service. What a disgrace. #MAGA
"Just because I'm a blatant lier didn't mean you shouldn't listen to me" sen. Bulshitinthal says to CNN
Blumenthal is a disgrace.  Party before country.  They wind him up and send him out.  Lives in a closet at CNN.
Libtards think all Pubs should resign, which makes their credibility non existent.
Like Holder and Lynch resigned for their criminal acts?.??
Using Blumenthal's standard, then he should have resigned long ago, along with Obama, Clinton, Kerry and most other Dem politicians in USA.
No he does not and not a damn thing u can do!!!
Lol.   The state of ct is in the toilet.  You should be a man and shoulder some blame but I think you lost that in Vietnam
My God will they ever stop?? I am so sick of them -their behavior is inexcusable!
@SenBlumenthal you are an incredible embarrassment to our state.  The audacity of this liar talking about something with no evidence is sick
Truthful, this coming from a jerk who lied about going to Vietnam. Now who's the liar
.@SenBlumenthal uh, if? We all saw him lie. #SessionsMustResign
Sessions really needs to be jailed in his home state in one of those for profit prisons he's profiting from constantly building
Nope..... Ft Leavenworth for him and everyone in Trump circle
It is time to get the Gremlin out of the DOJ!
Oh good now Sessions what a surprise another crook in the white house
VietNam Blumenthal lecturing about honesty! Only on CNN the media that can't afford research staff.
"If"?!?!?!  He's already lied, no if about it.
Agreed
Suck it Blumenthal!! Ag Sessions did nothing wrong. On the other hand you lied about your military service YOU RESIGN!!
.@SenBlumenthal  - Vietnam veteran talking about truth again.  Good job CNN, you constantly find the lowest of the low to interview
IF???????
You mean like Hillary did?! Not! #MAGA
Blumenthal is a joke.  Who votes for these clowns????
Blumenthal is really working overtime to get national attention & never speaks about horrible Democratic financial failure in Connecticut
He doesn't work he just interviews. He's a limelight seeker thus his lies about Vietnam. I'm so shocked at Connecticut for electing this guy
Sessions is an evil little cockroach who needs to stomped on.
We all know he's been untruthful. He lied about meeting with Russians on TV, for crying out loud! There's no "if!" He needs to go!
lol. I know right. you guys are showing at the their town  hall meetings giving them a piece of your mind.
Please, effective immediately!
@jaredkushner should be fired, @jeffsessions should be fired, @DevinNunes should be fired. Then let the legal process play out. #MAGA
@SenBlumenthal @CNN Wolf should challenge the Senator on his partisan character assassination efforts.
If that is the case than all the  DEMOCRATS IN CONGRESS should resign right now.
There is no "if". Sessions has already lied and admitted it. This most recent revelation of more lies should be more than enough.
we ask that cnn stop telling lies.We all know the democrats will say anything to go after the president and his people.We call all democrats
That's rich... 
You weren't truthful about your military service, why haven't you resigned???
No more resignations!!! The @HouseGOP @SenateGOP ARE FIGHTING BACK!!♡♡♡
Dicky boy what about ur resignation????
The entire time???
Sessions, poster boy for bigotry.
Your network and its ifs! Facts facts facts
Not the right messenger for a statement on somebody being lying. 
He sure did! @SenBlumenthal @CNNPolitics @Aryss1 @CNN
Wait. Stop. The guy who lied about being a vet in Nsm is talking about being truthful? @SenBlumenthal u are the definition of hypocrisy
I truly believe the media wants to turn everyone into a transvestite.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Dems always jump to worst case scenarios...so boring and negative. Vote them all out!
THE TRUMP CIRCUS IS A MONSTER THAT MUST BE SLAYED
Go to hell fvietnam FAKER
Did The liar Rice resign?  Then pound salt a hole.
Breaking news cnn is fake news.do you have anything new to report on? Russia russia russia. Every reporter on cnn is investing russia wth
GI DG!Rotten!
Stolen valor Blumenthal should resign for stealing valor.
Mr honest?
Just like Eric Holder did!   Wait....
LOYALTY PLEDGE TO TRUMP NOT TO AMERICA!! REPUBLICANS TEAR IT UP, DO THE RIGHT THING !!! AMERICA FIRST!!! TRUMP DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT IT !!
That would mean every single member of CONgress must resign, because not one of them has been truthful!
Do you mean truthful like you bragging about your #fakenews Vietnam service? Should we ask all of your Vietnam buddies?
sen Blumenthal is a tv whore he will jump through a ring of fire to get in front of a camera it's actually very funny to watch
Yes get the handcuffs out for treason. Another slime thing in the ever growing new swamp.
LOL. Obama and his entire admin lied for 8 years!!
No one is going to resign. Dems need to do some work instead of showing up on CNN and talking about Russia 24/7!
Clown on the clown news network
CNN ... the new COMEDY NEWS NETWORK.
Why didn't Blumenthal resign when he lied about his Vietnam service. He demands honesty from everyone but himself. What an ass hat .
Do fed up with you Democrat's, the people are wise to you, keep Trump RUSSIA going so we can't look into Obama's Admin.There's time
What a waste, when U.S citzens  lung cancer & other breathing problems increases, maybe Trump & friends will pay for their treatments. Sad.
IF
