I know we need to find out why  has 20% of the uranium. Thank you @HillaryClinton for that one
seriously dude. Alex Jones made that shit up and you sucked down like a wino on Sunday
A Russian investment bank, paid Bill Clinton $500,000 to deliver a speech.
Bills not president or under FBI investigation
Hillary as secretary of state, was one of nine federal agency heads to sign off on  purchase of Uranium One
ya you heard that from Alex Jones. And it was a Canadian company selling it, not US. I feel bad you're so gullible
As PolitiFact detailed, some investors making Uranium One deal go through have donated to the Clinton Foundation.
so! That doesn't =selling uranium. You're really stretching. Gullible
Not your job to tell the house what to do. Dimms in fear b/c Nunes knows the truth & is building a rock solid case.
if he had a solid case he wouldn't have delayed   Yates testimony and lied that he had something else scheduled
Yeah....Keep your fingers crossed
your dear leader and his Russians...er I mean admins are all going down. Donnys scared. He's deflecting in his tweets
agreed sir!!!!
Thank you, sir!
So announce your opposition to the confirmation and cloture of Gorsuch NOW. Gorsuch was nominated by Trump. FILIBUSTER NOW.
You must be joking,  "Revelations?"  The white house guys gave Nunes a SCIF to use.  Oh, the horror!
@johnastoehr Let's hope we aren't still saying this same thing in 2018.  Needs to happen already.
ty #HeroRep, let's make this happen #investigate #IndependentCommission
Less talk more action please on appointing a special prosecutor. The longer we wait the more damage can occur in our country.
- Exactly what has 2 happen 2 get this admin & certain Senators/Congressmen chg'd w/treason under 18 USC 2382, 2384, & 2385?
We need special prosecutor to investigate you re: the crumbling foundations in CT that were reported to your office in 90s
Agreed. Let's do it. We're all waiting patiently here.
The Intel Committee need 2 investigate @HillaryClinton @johnpodesta n THEIR RUSSIAN CASH TIES which the Dems n Corrupt Media Trying 2 HIDE
you are ridiculous
Please Sign my Petition https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/house-intelligence-committee-must-recuse-or-remove-rep-devin-nunes-his-leadership-role …
How to get the ball rolling?
I agree that impartial hearings are no longer viable or believeable to U.S. after the "magical"  intel brief showed up!
we need to know why you lied about serving in Nam when you were working at  Toys for Tots. Or is it obvious? ;)
yes we need to find out who unmasked US citizens. Your Russian obsessions is out of control.
@helenehrenhofer We r past that time. You r not going to get colluding cover up GOP on board. GRAND JURY
@DevinNunes must go
-  CT Citizen - Couldn't agree more.  Proud to have you there representing us!  Thank you for all you're doing!!!
America agrees, Senator!  Thank you!  @realDonaldTrump
Get him out before the damage he causes is irreversible. Internet privacy lost, climate control reversal, Nunes all in 24 hrs
oh please you've lost all credibility, put up or shut up
add Hillary and us uranium to the investigation you hypocrite.
More bloviating and pandering. Sad. Do your job.
investigation Hillary too then if you have no choice.  Stolen valor is just shitty too, btw
This man has dishonored the men and women who died in Vietnam #StolenValor
yes, he has Bruce!
you're a US Senator yet powerless to make this happen
what we must have is a turned over WH -- promptly. The world is not waiting while we muck around. NATO/EU in balance.
What a waste of time and money.
you need to investigate the clintons and the Russians
what do you think about smoking
If @SpeakerRyan will not name another chairman than  9.11 type investigation then he needs 2 answer to the public as to why?
IDIOTS
go away quietly
sorry I disagree. Ahead and I also think we should investigate Obama and Hillary for their parts in the Russia deals as well
Liberals are so afraid they're going to learn the truth
Lied about serving in Vietnam so he cannot be trusted in anything he says 
Agreed Senator. Special Prosecutor.
lied about being in combat in Vietnam. You're a complete joke.
are you ashamed that u lied repeatedly about being in combat in Vietnam?  How atrocious. Does anyone take u seriously?
Yeah, and a great big ol' ouster of California's own - Devin Nunes - in 2018. @realFireNunes @2018Revolt
how about doing something productive for tge country. The partisan crap is getting old
what did Russia do other than expose how big of a liar Hilary is? You and other dems are prob worried they'll uncover ur dirt
about all I can say is PLEASE....
Yes!  Totally agree, thank you for supporting us.  And great seeing you speak in Westport at the march last weekend.
there is ALWAYS a choice....Yes, you are Partisan to the core...A wealthy 1%r partisan to boot. Do some real work
Please add investigating the Clinton Foundation to your list!
liar!
How exactly do we get the controlling party to do that? Seriously HOW?? If there is anything I can do, let me know.
Like Loretta Lynch in Clinton scandal
Get over Russia and get to work fixing our country!  Trump was elected, you have to accept that!
your constituents in CT totally agree!   I'm glad I voted for you. Prouder than ever to be a Dem!
, @DevinNunes is a confirmed traitor  has received more than $600K from russia, #trumprussia #trumptaxes #SpecialProsecutor
We all know that, but it's up to you and your colleagues to make it happen.
Russian Ruse!!! You have no credibility!!! Why would anyone vote for a Democratic when the DNC is incompetent??? No security
So make it happen. We are sitting by watching our country that we love so much, turn into a horrible place & this isn't right
innocent @RussiaConnects ask 3 to replace make it gold or silver Real pirate @BiIIMurray caused so much harm must ©™®
we agree
i totally support that sen. i'm a ct. resident/voter & support u & sen. murphy 2 get this going before our democracy is dead
WHAT IS TAKING SO LONG???? GET HIS TAXES! ENOUGH TOMFOOLERY.
Soooooo.  Get one?
