4 days to respond for Katrina  and 9 days for Maria. .. Lets get real but we can send Military action in Syria because children were killed.
I sure hope you can get a pic....let no good photo op pass you by
Attack attack. Don’t help.  What do you go all day????
Don't go to another meeting. Go to Puerto Rico!
While your their ask PR how did their country go bankrupt
Thank God!
Of course you are. That seems to be all you're good for. Bitching about other people not doing enough. C'mon.
How can Puerto Rican’s get registered without internet?! There is no electricity there !!  Plz make sure to ask that
That's Mayor Cruz's inaction.
Oh, is she supposed to erect telephone poles and run lines?duh!
Thanks
Who cares why not go yourself and made a difference agggghh
Thank you.
Instead of obstructing, ask what help you can provide? Maybe sue the union truck drivers who refuse to deliver aid before they are paid...
Y ? U should be getting involved n leading the way u were a Marine guess your just a finger pointer from side line that's what ur best at
Question huh? Taxpayers should be questioning why you and @TheDemocrats are blocking the relief efforts to in an effort to impede @POTUS
Thank you!
Blumenthal2020
Bring them up on charges. All you ever did. Lawyers make lousy politicians. Or just maybe some.
You go Senator Blumenthal!
Give em' hell Mr. Blumenthal.....Oh wait, give 'zero" in the WH a real hell!
Just now? They are 10 steps ahead.
I just figured out POTUS new mantra...... "America... it's not for wimps anymore."
Shouldn't @POTUS be doing that? Oh wait he's playing golf.
Like Messiah Obama in 2012?
Thank you! People are dying please hurry! 
Try other news sources...they are not dying
Good luck Rich 
Thank you
Try questioning PR as well...
Blumenthal=partisan=unable to accept lawful election results=ideology over good of country=glorified state AG not senatorial material
Why don't you go there yourself to see first hand!!!
Are you going via Vietnam? Oh yeah, you've never been there. Stolen valor POS.
Good, and take general honoree with you.he knows what he's talking about
Good! We want answers!
Thank you sir
Thank you senator  I don't know what we would do without people like you and others.
What about your home state Connecticut no@budget Hartford ready to go bankrupt towns city's going to tax us more yup what about us
Ask the tough questions Sir! We the people have the right to know who, what, where, when, and why
I would feel better not reading what you are going to do, but rather what you have already done. IOW don't do things for PR reasons for #PR.
God bless you Mr Blumenthal. Please help our friends in Puerto Rico.
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you for doing what Trump "should" be doing. Why don't he say they are part of the U.S. the same as us? I forgot, he's golfing! So sad
Thank you, Senator Blumenthal!
r u really or is this another story where you say u did something you didn't really do?
Thank you Mr. Blumenthal!
Are you going to stop by Vietnam on your way
Go Richard.  Give them hell. Tell them Carmen sent you.
Then will you board a plane & head to PR to begin driving delivery trucks & hand out supplies?...bet not...!!!
Thank you
PLEASE ask FEMA if they need help to accommodate and provide transportation for their employees to work and live on PR.
Thank you!  Please tell them that ALL Americans want to help our citizens in Puerto Rican IMMEDIATELY!
I’m holding my breath
how about tax relief
Thank you!
Ask them if mayors communicating needs to FEMA. Want to know those that ARE NOT communicating. Understand?
Write a damn bill instead of constantly whining about the President. You’re literally a congressmen. We complain, YOU act. Literally YOU.
Just remember, whomever you visit will be focused on you and not relief efforts.   Is your timing wise?
What are you doing for CT ??? Nothing
You better rip them a new one! Brock keeps talking about press conferences every morning. People have no power to get radio or TV!!!
Will you allow them questions about your military service?
Oh and here's more:
Don't bother; skip the grandstanding. Here's the report
Good then you'll learn the truth. PR was so devastated, and extreme difficulty getting supplies, and workers to, on and thru out the island
Here’s a shot of the supplies being held hostage by the truckers union. Funny how unions always vote democrat.
First question: 

1. Why?
Good for you. We know how much Trump despises you. I’m from Ct. so I know these things. Keep the pressure up. We have to or they run amok
Why can't congress censure the SCPOTUS? Is anyone there that see this nonsense?
Because they are the same ugly racists
Thank You , Sen. Blumenthal as we can always count on you. We are so fortunate to have you as our Senator . CT is grateful. 
Thank you Senator
Does help the poverty in CT?
Please excoriate them, Senator.
Be sure in inquire about Trump's latest lie about all the buildings having been FEMA inspected.
#Impeach45
Go Trump
Thank you. We need someone brains & compassion to see what really happened.
they don't seem to understand how to deal with the #PuertoRico terrain for emergency distribution. Ask @MSF_USA . They're more experienced.
Will you provide a factual account of the situation?  So far the WH has been.....vague.  Thank you.
Thank you!  Wondering why reporters are accessing devastated areas that FEMA hasn't reached yet.  30 by 100 miles.
Somebody has to!
Photo opp and more shameless partisan politics.
Ask them about this
still trying to make points on other peoples misery.classless.why do ya'll keep electing someone like that?
If going by train: Please remember not to stand on yellow line as there's still No Safety Railings to keep u safe
He probably had a major news conference for the installation of the yellow lines to be wider for safety!
LOL.
Excellent.
Do something for the working class in Connecticut instead.
ACA resistance didn't need his help. He's a globalist dual citizen whose interests don't include you or me.
He may be under investigation, or not. And he is the President, not the "so-called". As for gangster, which gangster do you prefer?
You might want to make sure it's not you that's being played. Who will you replace Trump with? Come on, out with it.
Thank you.
Thank you Sir..
This:
That's well thought out, since it's still going on why take their time now.  Let them work.  Be plenty of time for questions.
Clearly logical and rationality are not your featured qualities
You guys better come at this full force! There is NO excuse for the way Trump admin, and Fema are treating these citizens.
Get your facts straight.
Right, you really need to go question them because they have so little to do these days.  Stop interfering!
Save yourself a trip. Watch the news. That's what they're doing.
Tomorrow? How many die today?
