Denouncing white supremacists, KKK, & neo-Nazis should have been instinctive & instant. Trump's failure shows lack of moral leadership.
Mr. President, please call out what they are and did – domestic terrorists who attacked America. Hate groups deserve no quarter.
Senator, please sir, why no arrest reports on individuals that conducted Domestic Terrorism ? Sir, we demand action!
Yes! Go after Neo Black Racist hate group BLM& Antifa Anarchists/responsible for more death/destruction in 6 yrs than KKK etc in last 50 yrs
At least he didn't invite them over for lunch
what about Robert Bryd !!!!! You called him a American hero how many lynchings was he responsible for!!!!!
He equivocated in his message by referring to "anyone who acted criminally" & "other hate groups".  Just another way of saying "many sides".
Oh you mean right and wrong? I learned the difference at the age of four
@realDonaldTrump @robfrenkel @SenDonnelly @LindseyGrahamSC H @ArmyChiefStaff @SenatorJMcCain - Heil, Trump!!!
With you it's always about the message... do something for your salary!!!!
Obama didn't condemn Islamic terrorism in his entire 8 years.

And actually watching Trump's blasé TelePrompTer reading tells us all we need. Believe your gut!
We did last November. This POTUS should come with a health warning like cigarettes. Hazardous to USA health!
May I suggest admendment? Hazardous to the whole World!! 
Absolutely!
The
Yes, but not as effectively as recanting the delayed attempt at rejecting Nazism.
Free speech does not mean #free hate
Spreading lies Senator is also inexcusable
Not to say youre wrong. But you're damning whatever he does. Doesn't respond he's bad, does respond and it's too late. Damned both ways.
Poor logic. Follow, Racism/white supremacy/neo-Nazism is a cancer - see? 45, the Kochs and Pence et. al endorse it. What're you missing?
Was responding to the syntax of your tweet not the whole argument. Personally I think it is deplorable that he didn't immediately condemn.
Duly noted. Aside from his oft untruthful words, there is a well doc'd direct line from 45 to the tragic events Sat #notmanysides #GoodvEvil
Obamas silence at war heros funerals while his representatives were sent to deceased criminals funerals was any better? Where were you then?
So is lying about your service in VietNam Senator.
And Obama spoke quickly about Benghazi, police officers killed, beheadings, etc. hypocrites.
And what message is that Dick.That anything President Trump does is wrong in your leftist eyes?Just state your true feelings about the man
You used to be an Atty Gen  you know his response was proper. A lot better than your disgraceful lies
Pick, pick, pick stop it please
It would not matter what or when President Trump says anything you would say he's wrong.
The lack of passion in the 2nd statement was revealing. Phoniness fairly oozed off the screen. Central Park 5, Birther. We KNOW what he is!
Honesty and fair politics, isn't  your virtue.
Senator you wouldn't say that illegal immigrants are criminals. Obama used to deport hundreds a month but you never felt any pain.
25th please.
Watching MSM you would have no idea @realDonaldTrump clearly, unambiguously & repeatedly condemned the bigotry & violence in Charlottesville
POTUS WORRIES ABOUT This-Iranian Parliament Chants ‘Death To America’ After Vote To Increase Missile Production & your worried about mssg
You know Richard this means nothing coming from someone who we all know will not like anything your president does.
He can keep his "words" since they are completely empty.
Dilute nothing. He clearly doesn't care.
Absolutely and that's his point. He's classless
Easy to tell he didnt believe what he was saying in both statements. Phoney
@StevenMWolfe3 @realDonaldTrump lying about ones military service gives you ZERO credibility. PLEASE just shut up.


Thank GOD PRESIDENT TRUMP won and not Hillary!!
IDK his advisors or cabinet need to provide facts and guide him .... let's mention that.
But you were OK with Obama waiting 4 days?  Refusing to blame radical Islam, and bringing BLM to the White House?  Damn. Just no morals left
T has shown this side since he ran. No surprise. Where r the tespsible Republican voices. Let's hear frm them, now
No matter what he does it will never be enough for you and the rest of the Democrats
We are still waiting for past events to be condemned
We've waited 8 yrs for racist jerk OBama/liar Lynch to condemn his domestic terrorist groups BLM & Antifa
He also said it like a kid who's told by a parent "Apologize to your brother. Say you're sorry."
What hypocrisy. You & Obama still don't call radical Muslims, Islamic Terrorists who have committed horrific acts of violence in USA.
And we all know he would rather have been locked in a closet with Hillary than have said those words today.Was obvious it hurt him to say. 
Give me a break, Obama in 8 years didn't admit Radical Islamic Terrorism.
Bla Bla Bla. all dems want is division. Both sides r garbidge hate groups. But ppl like u cant see the diffrence.
You waited a lot longer to come out about your false service in Vietnam!
True that. It was too little too late. That he was bullied by advisors to say the right thing does not mean his heart changed. Don't believe
It's better to wait and name the proper groups unlike our last president who jumped to conclusions and got it wrong causing more riots.
You do realize he is the President right? I think he had more important things on his agenda...
@GOP @DNC Blumenthal lied about being a Vietnam veteran and now calls down others? Blumenthal should step down!
I'm glad that the country and the state of CT are in such great shape you can spend so much time criticizing POTUS.
But It Happened On The
Weekend You
Expect. Him To
Be President Every Day
but it's ok to shoot republican senators... Or lie about fighting in a war etc etc etc
Crawl back in your cave
The #Alphamale @POTUS is in charge.., not you @SenBlumenthal. You are irrelevant!
He denounced all hatred within hours.  How long did it take Blumenthal to admit he really was not a vet.
How long since obama disavowed BLM or ANTIFA...stop being such a phony...go retire before you get indicted...throw a few casts
Good publicity & bad publicity is still publicity. I can see why he didn't name them at first. Stop planting seeds of hate #trueAmerican
Whatever stolen valor
Mr No-WAR service, give it up. You're a liar and failure in life.
1st of all, that's a lie. POTUS condemned it right away. 2nd how much pressure did it take u to shamelessly take back your stolen valor BS?
You're right. Should have been done from the onset.
I wonder how his Jewish grandchildren will feel about him when they read their history books. He cares more about votes than his grandkids.
Unfortunately democrats have been too slow to condemn racist trump.
Can't jump to conclusions sen how many times was Obama wrong
Hell Obama didnt say a word about black lives that matter and they have destroyed business and burn down them that was ok.Trump supporter
Tell us a Vietnam story
Well said bro.
Nothing is ever good for you dems. Belly aching everyday on Trump. I see that he is the POTUS and your not. Let you fig that one out.
What have you accomplished except getting in front of cameras???!!
You are worthless. Please don't run for re-election
He did CONDEMN ALL HATE GROUPS! When did Obama or U CONDEMN BLM! Never! It's ok for the left to say nothing? REALLY! CLUELESS!
He had no choice. He's a pig! #ImpeachTrump
God don't you ever shup up you Vietnam hero you 
Odd bc he did straight away
Keep lying to your base
GET OVER YOUR HATE AND ACT LIKE A MATURE HUMAN BEING.
Like John Oliver from @LastWeekTonight said....not answering IS an answer. #TheResistance #ItsMuellerTime 
#TermLimits
His late response was a bunch of words he does not believe and only read the script barely because he had to say something
He did that on Sat.,the day of the attack. He didn't say what you wanted to hear. It doesn't matter. He gets attacked anyway BIASED MEDIA
Your so mean.
He did Dicky. Maybe not using the choice of words you found personally acceptable. Are you helping the situation or making it worse 4 points
Especially when you vilify a team member just 45 minutes after their resignation!
@potus is clueless & celebrates the evil #nazis & #whitesupremacists stand for and advocate. He only responded cause of public opinion.
unlike you a certified liar n your muslim brotherhood follower bama who always side with cop killers n terrorist, always!
unlike you fake Vietnam vet n your furher bama who open pieholes before all facts are in, PresidentTrump gather all them 1st!
See Dick? Dick says nothing about Antifa Socialist. Does not understand Ntl. Socialist and Antifa are same left leaning gov control freaks
This is the left
Seems like that was what Hillary and Obama did about Benghazi except they actually lied until they had been caught!!!
Yeah, so does reading from a teleprompter with the emotion of slug...
Past the expiration date. The milk is sour and comes out with a thud.
Liar.
Being literally forced to denounce Nazis is despicable.  @realDonaldTrump is a racist.  Just be honest.
#chrismurphy - Waiting 6+ years for you and Murphy to denounce Radical Islam? .... still waiting. We need to name our enemies to defeat them
Real Leaders do not need to call people names, use scapegoats, or create division. Thank you for being public about your lack of integrity

And trump clearly did not want to give that speech. He's laying down cover fire for his nazi comrades like Bannon.
And ur a lier
Because bigots like you refuse to call and end to the "resist resist resist" movement
You hate trump supporters and some of us are your neighbors, pastors, coaches, coworkers. We live in hiding for fear we will be killed
how about condemning those that torched DC during the inauguration. Your hypocrisy creates that hated senator!!!  You hate conservatives
Your comments = deplorable! WHEN @POTUS spoke initially, the news about the driver was not known, A LIAR IS A LIAR UNTIL HE TELLS THE TRUTH
Bragging about yourself dilutes the message. Then the actual message dilutes themessage. He doesn't mean any of it.
So does an obviously written/rewritten text which DOES NOT RENOUNCE oft-stated, now restated, support of these groups for DT & his policies.
Do you condemn this as well check out photo of "peaceful counter protester" https://itsgoingdown.org/ 
Condemn that action as well senator
You all really need to stop the BS now. this had nothing to do with @realDonaldTrump. You all look ridiculous.
You dilute the truth constantly...stop being a hypicrite.
Seeing how Trump called you for what you were, can understand your griping.
Delay doesn't greatly dilute the message, Richard. It obliterates it.  I'm really disappointed in your tepid response.
Blumenthal childish attitude is inexcusable.  I never heard you complain about Obama how he almost ruined our nation
How long did you wait before you told the truth about your fake tour in Vietnam?
By a thing called Twitter, Donnie could have denounced the nazis 'instantly'. He should look into this technology.
Blumenthal - America is demanding impeachment for obvious reasons, why are you politicians doing nothing?
And the sincerity of the message
If he said it 30 minutes after the first statement you would have said he was too late. Come on get off your high horse!
Worth it if the WH could be purged of 3 "carriers."  He'd have to wait to declare step 1 till he gets his bearings on step 2.   WMass
You're just looking for reasons to bitch about Trump. Exhausting, but it serves your purpose of not working on anything too big.
Blumenthal is so ignorant he would support a Statue of J Edgar Hoover in dress. He would then label him a Transgender ahead of his time.Noob
But you did not condemn all hate groups! You r so wonderful to be critical.
Can you not complain about everything?
You waited years to admit you weren't in Vietnam. Your message was diluted too.
I am waiting 8 years for Obama to acknowledge radical Islamic terrorists, ISIS, blue lives matter! shall I go on, btw,stop petty criticism!
I agree but I will give him credit he did finally condemn them properly which made David Duke eat his words and that was worth it to me
Still waiting for @BarackObama to condemn #Antifa & #BLM as they're hate groups also. (crickets) Hypocrites.
So does his hate speeches at his rallies!
You're disgusting.  No what @POTUS does, you just criticize.  You wanted detailed condemnation, you got it, you then criticize that. #phony
Depending on what your message actually is.
And his delayed, forced response is lost ~in the roar of public disgust 4 his silent support of Wh Supremists, his own racist admin, & words
OR, the delay strengthens the implicit message
Never good enough right. Sad & pathetic that you give tacit approval to the left for their part of the violence. This is not helping.

Have you been in a cave? He has for over a year you phoney war hero
Can you just go quietly away? No one listens to you! You are a #fakesenator #wannabe
The hate directed at Trump and his supporters in this thread is right up there with Nazis, ANTIFA, KKK, BLM. You are no better. Hate mongers
Again left wing BS
Then there is the message & delivery itself. Terrible.
Trump never waited two days... he condemned racism & bigotry from the beginning. He's clarifying now for all the idiots!
Contradicts the message, not "dilutes".
So what your saying is since he didn't say it Saturday he shouldn't have said it at all?
Trump always gets 3 tries every time he shows his true colors of RACISM. Or gets caught in a LIE. Repubs cont to COVER TRUMPS LIES & WS!
Remember when Obama condemned people like Mike Brown? Oh wait, it was the the police he blamed. #StolenValor
I'm still waiting for you to denounce ANTIFA and BLM for attempting to silence free speech through violence.
It means nothing.
He condemned them the first day. But you're accustomed to lieing.  First your service, now this. Coward.
Get off your high horse.  All your negativity does not help.  I'd like to see our legislators learn to work together and do what is right!
When will u and your colleagues finally denounce ANTIFA OR BLM. I guess its ok when these groups insight riots over free speech.WHEN SENATOR
Your a disgrace!!! He handled it like any other POTUS would have done!!
Not to mention that 3 white nationalists still serve in his administration
The President condemned all that went to #Charlottesviille intent on confrontation within hours.
POTUS' previous words-during campaign and after-and his actions (hiring white supremacists) belie his watered down words today.
How long before you admitted you fake Vietnam service lies? Asking for a friend.
You are absolutely right. Saying something after imense public outcry tells his white sypremacists: I am with you but am forced to say this
You're tweet great dilutes the message and continues to greatly divide the country. Stop it, you're acting like a child, all of you are.
"Back when I was in ' Nam..."
Totally impotent. Trump didn't say 'I dont want your support" 
AND
Didn't fire "Alt The President's Men:"
#FireBannon
#FireMiller
#FireGorka
Also telling lies about your service in the Armed Forces greatly dilutes the message to the American people. #liar
#TooLittleTooLate
He needed to wait for his PR team to come up with something that wouldn't lose their votes in 2020 (assuming he doesn't get impeached).
Waiting years to acknowledge your lies about military service greatly dilutes your message. #fakeSoldier
Tricky Dick

Try again
We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!
His un-willingness to call it what it was and that it took 2 days, speaks volumes.
He did condemn hate groups. You were upset he condemned your pet Thugs, Antifa, too.

You mean President Bone Spurs the draft dodger?
It took his staff 2 days to convince him that naming the hate groups will directly benefit HIM. He has no ability to empathize.
I'd say neither do you
I fully understand Trumps issues, fill compassion for his disorder but not to the extent that I won't acknowledge he is DANGEROUS for U.S.
