Analysis: President Trump’s flagrant Friday night news dump http://wapo.st/2wQ6DNm 
Mr. Blumenthal, do you realize just how ridiculous you sound?
@washingtonpost Obama and Clinton pardoned THOUSANDS w/  questionable  personal, financial motives. Arpio was doing his job.
2018 http://brilliantmaps.com/wp-content/uploads/2016nationwidecountymapshadedbyvoteshare.png … VOTERS WILL PAYBACK https://www.wsj.com/articles/the-poison-of-identity-politics-1502661521 … @HouseDemocrats  @SenateDems @DNC  for  ANTI-@POTUS HATE
You're trying to hard to lay the framework for the future. Not necessary to tweet about everything. Focus on not being a liar & hypocrite
Yeah, oooo I bet that's going to get the @GOP all riled up. 
We need more than a "backlash".  There need some spineless republicans stand up.  Country before party. This just sickens me.
Agree. The fact they aren't appears as if they "approve".  We are learning "what" these repubs are and it stinks like rotting garbage.

Obama pardoned hundreds of drug dealers and gangbangers and you said nothing. Now you complain about this. Get real!
Your Opposition and Resistance is unacceptable! He has the legal authority to pardon!
Again I ask, what are you going to do about it.  We know what has happened but the question is what is going to be done about it.
Funny Chuckie Schumer just said that same line yesterday, you should ask him which propaganda he's using before you read script embarrassing
@realDonaldTrump pardoned a man who used his badge for racial profiling & violating civil rights, & he hid behind a Cat. 4 to do it. Coward!
Let me guess, under Friday night darkness in you were single handily destroying a NV outpost in Vietnam?
Under the cover of Saturday night darkness, Mike roasts some pansy fuck from New England.
Arpaio didn't even get Jury Trial. Newington PD Flouts Laws, Beats up & arrests Mentally Ill CT Citizens. Don't see you fighting that buddy.
It's nothing compared to the hundreds of criminals Obama released!
Obama golfed.
May this B a time 2 remind us that it is better to rally around each other, cooperate & C the good in each other, no matter beliefs or skin.
Will Trump encourage police officers to shoot protestors saying he'll pardon them? We have precedent w #JoeArpaio!
Arpaio was doing his job by following the law.  Interesting none ofyou minded Obama pardoning any real criminals.
Sorry, @SenBlumenthal but @POTUS didn't want to prolong #SheriffJoeArpaio unjust persecution any longer & Hurricane Harvey wouldn't wait.
What about Obama pardoning his terrorist buddy, did hear a word from you ?
CT can and must do better than current senators; watch closely demand accountability and accomplishment vs. blather; CT voters/press wake up
Always undercover cuz that's what COWARDS do!
I think of the dignified, educated men who came before him & wonder if they weep for this country. This amateur is a loser. #ImpeachNow
He came on in the midst of weTexanswatching/waiting for landfall and spewed his hate! Unbelievable,I can not imagine any ex-potus doing this
REALLY?
...because he's a coward.
Outrageous. If he gets away w/this, our democracy dead. Arapaio found guilty of unconstitutional racist actions by 2 courts & Trump pardons
Just because he defied a court order doesn't mean he broke the law! Decisions made by liberal nut job judges often are blatant treason!
I can't take anyone named "Ronnie" seriously...
Well your name sounds like some new name for a disease caused by spiders! Duh!
well you're a BOT, joined Aug 2017, 0 followers, no profile pic, no background photo BLOCK THIS BOT
it is only backlash from the two faced Dems like yourself.  I get you hate LE but do you have to make it anymore obvious?
Is there a reason we can't impeach yet?
A GOOD reason?
Constitution defines impeachable offenses as "treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors"...you got nothin'!
Oh, NOW the constitution matters? It's political, and you're wrong. That's all the time I have for your nonsense. Bye.
Glad to see you’re speaking out on this! A pardon for a police official who ignored a court order for 17 months deserves no pardon.
But drug dealers that killed our children did.
Trump had legal right to pardon that man he didn't flaunt the law.
Evidently you are living in the dark.   Wake up!!!!
The back lash is in your mind
@washingtonpost seriously, were you in a coma last year when Obama let drug dealers and felons out of prison?No outrage then?
Guess you would have like it better if Trump had insisted on millions in "donations" prior to issuing pardons, like Horny Bill Clinton did
I'm so ashamed of you being our senator that I'll vote you out off office! Your nothing more then a leftist nut job! You always spread hate
GMAFB EVERYTHING this #POTUS does produces backlash on the left - try and be honest. Did u get all offended when #obama pardoned a TRAITOR?
Your a putz.
SO WHAT, you lied about your MILITARY,NON. SERVICE!  What makes you such an ATHORITY!
Yet u condone Obama's last week in office 4 pardoning Lopez Rivera Head ofFALN responsibi 120 bombings that killed six
Hero
Probably learned from Obama administration
Hoe can we impeach this man we call President. He is disgracing our country. GET HIM OUT
Thank you President Trump.
No worse then Obama letting out how many thousands of prisoners, and letting in how many tens of thousands of refugees with no vetting
who pardoned you ?  The Viet Nam Vets ? How you can criticize anyone is beyond me. No shame. Thanks for destroying my State
Attention ignorant one, ever hear of Oscar Lopez Rivera?
Obama pardoned Rivera on his way out the back  door U frigging Nut Case
Question!!!! what was your networth prior to office to currently? Made a few bucks insider trading as well with special interest havent ya?
Don't worry, we're paying attention. What's your plan?
It's time, you step back , and behave yourself. You are ridiculous. Under cover of Harvey, have you lost your mind?
Please do something Senator, This is a Constitutional Crisis.
Joe Arpaio was upholding the federal law McCain helped make and sure didn't change.
Under cover? Nothing the Pres does is "under cover."  Even things he doesn't do is "revealed."  Wht an idiot. USA is doomed.
Where can I find your outrage over Obama's treatment of Bo Bergdahl and Bradley Manning, Senator Hypocrite?
Smart man, that Trump.
You were totally silent during Obama and Hillary's reign of corruption. Your just another Soros lackie. You disgust me! Never get my vote!
When the GOP joins our outrage this poor excuse for a leader will be censured or impeached. Personally 45 should exit via amendment 25
Congress needs to act immediately to restrain this abuse of POWER.  @SRuhle @SenKamalaHarris @cnn @nytimes @politico
Vietnam #Veteran Enough #Said !
Newsflash!!! He is the President and overrides your personal opinion!!!
wonder where his last name came from, doesnt sound native to me
Two racist bigots, #trump and #arpaio. They should both be in prision. @realDonaldTrump shouldn't be in Oval Office.
LOL..I'll bet u didn't say a damned thing when Obama pardoned serious criminals. Hypocrite.
Astounding and astounded!
And why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye, but considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye? Matthew 7:
Judge not, that ye b not judged. For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall b judged: & with what measure ye mete, it shall b measured to U
Who's kidding who he couldn't care less. This POTUS is going to pardon anyone he sees fit. LAW ---if u can bend it to suit do it and he will
Who is under cover of storm?  I can respect people who are respectful, not those who lie about their so-called military service.
And then goes golfing... When is enough, enough??
Thats what cowards do !
We need more than editorials, senator- we need *action* from u and ur colleagues.Every day Congress dawdles Trump does more damage.STOP HIM.
Mark Rick / Bradley Manning mean anything to you hypocrite?  Arpio is an American Patriot!  #MAGA
And.....? What are you going to do? Tweet about it? DO SOMETHING
boo fukin whoooooo
It was already bad enough that he went on vacation as the hurricane hit, but that outrageous pardon was done in a sleazy fashion.
And what will be done about ? Tweeting does not equal action.

Sen Blumenthal, do you remember this ?
It's only producing a backlash with alt left people like you
Obama pardons Jews who ripped of the public and Jews say nothing. Trump makes society safer and Jews don't like it.
Backlash, but otherwise we can't do anything about it. You can tho .. so DO SOMETHING !!
Trump just continues to add layers of evidence on why he is unfit for office.
Democrats gave us the KKK and Antifa....see a pattern?
Coming from a Democrat Communist
Ha ha ha .. nothing you can do about it
Yeah, he waited for a hurricane to do it. Idiotic! Don't you people get tired of bearing false witness? Shameful!
What about that guy that leaked our secrets to Wikileaks? Obama let him go…don’t remember you being outraged about that - Hypocrite! #CTGOP

Are you still receiving money from the Clinton's?
You probably haven't thought about the hurricane once, except to tweet this.
POTUS pardoned a law enforcement officer. Obama pardoned drug dealers. Only an ignorant lying partisan hack would complain about the first
Whining from the #WaPo & a man who lied about combat service is the kind of "backlash" that carries little weight.  Cry more. #StolenValor
Only the most repulsive politician would use a catastrophic natural disaster to belittle POTUS. You are a hate filled partisan hack
Oh but the pardons of a Traitor Manning, and a Terrorist Lopez-Rivera were above board and not an insult to America?!?!
What do Democrats need to really get this country back on track?
When is the senate going to impeach that racist traitor?  America deserves better
He pardoned a man who did not follow an illegal order. No judge can order you to break the law!
You're such a hypocrite. You were ok with all the Obama pardons on his last day. Drug dealers, killers, and a traitor. But not this one
You mean the same way #Obama did evry Friday while #MSM slept? Where was he during hrs of #Benghazi 11hr attack. AWOL  Get off yr soap box 
Please analyze pardons issued by Obama as he headed out the door. At least one was a terrorist and the other committed acts of treason.
While our nation faces a natural threat he pardons a racist & bans transgender from military service. Acts of cowardice & hate!
Why don't you go back under the night sky and pretend like you're in Vietnam
On behalf of Americans appalled by this please demand Republicans take a stand on the record. Hold them accountable for a GOP President!
This presidency is riddled with insanity,hate, racism & bigotry! The only means to stop it is impeachment!
Do you actually have a job or is your full-time job making ridiculous accusations about our president I can not believe you are an American
This from a man who said he served in Vietnam, supported Obama's Iran nuke agmt & was silent on the Manning pardon.
Dick is a joke - flouts rule of law while supporting open boarders?
#25amendmentnow
When does Congress become enraged enough to do something about him? He needs to go now. Why isn't anyone taking this seriously ? I'm scared.

Awful.  They may have won the battle but we will win the war.
Current legislators are not following the Constitution. They are forming a despotic tyranny, and are made they are being called out. U R bad
You're making it sound so ominous
Sounds like how you CT DEMs and state employee unions financially  raped CT taxpayers.
More abusive use of power
No cover. He just did what was right. Dems-----always looking for trash. Pathetic
Congress has to stand and put the citizens of the country first and not stand by regardless of the professional consequences.
@washingtonpost hey fake Vietnam vet! Where is your outrage over the crook, democratic Sen memendez? The sheriff fol the law!
Criminal charges should be filed against the rouge Judge Susan Bolton. She is to follow the laws not make up laws. Disbar her now
Looks to me asswipe that he put in out on Twitter for the world to see.
and aiding and abetting therein, and traveling interstate with intent to commit bribery)
functions, corruptly influencing, obstructing, impeding and endeavoring to influence, obstruct and impede the due administration of justice,
So happy to see Trump strike out at a rogue leftist Judge. It would be better if the judge was disbarred and jailed his behavior
federal district court judge (Alcee L. Hastings), and to defraud the United States in connection with the performance of lawful government
Pardon #13 William Arthur Borders Jr. (conspiracy to corruptly solicit and accept money in return for influencing the official acts of a
billclinton gave commutation#37 to Carlos Anibal Vignali – convicted of cocaine trafficking Joe Arpaio was arresting these types #protectUSA
#33 Dorothy Rivers – lead official in Jesse Jackson's Rainbow/PUSH Coalition, plead guilty to theft of $1.2 million in federal grant money
#19 of 41 by #wjclinton Bob F. Griffin – former Spkr of the Missouri House of Representatives, who was serving two years on bribery charges
7 of 41 7- David Ronald Chandler – federal death row inmate[3], 8- Lau Ching Chin, 9-Donald R. Clark, 10- Loreta De-Ann Coffman
Cont. 4 of 41- Jon Michael Burton – charged with heavy drug trafficking, 5- Gloria Libia Camargo, 6- Charles F. Campbell, 7- David Ronald C,
only backlash is from the far left that helped break the laws in the first place
Were you pardoned for all your lies? War hero?
Commutations 41 total - by #WilliamJeffersonClinton
1-James Barker (Flonzy), 2-Ronald Henderson Blackley, 3-Bert Wayne Bolan,
Yea He Surprized the crap out of yal!
Get lost. Backlash from one of the most hateful rags against us #Deplorables , shockerWe luv you @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #MAGA 
At the end of the day, we may not like it,but all Presidents have questionable pardons
Not saying why Sheriff Arpaio did was right, but wasn't his charge a misdemeanor? Look at all the felons Obama pardoned
Bill Clinton is used to being under the covers Richie. Get your story straight. Just Saying!
No tax reform business until congress impeached 45... our nation is in crisis and this much supersede all
Impeach for what
Sen Blumenthal, where was your outrage when Obama pardoned the terrorist, Oscar Lopez Rivera.
Just like Bill Clinton pardoned Marc Rich. A last minute pardon on his last day of his Presidency. If interested, google the story.
Story also shows Comey ties to the Clintons.
Every Senator and Congressman should be speaking out against Arpaio's pardon. Silence from Washington is deafening!!!
Very serious concern is that T will pardon himself & his corrupt cronies! We need to see that any POTUS is held accountable before the law.
Seriously? Obama was pretty good at flouting the law himself, so I guess we know where Trump learned it from.
thought we would miss it  He was wrong   What a guy  impeach
And you're complicit in spreading a narrative of opposition to the sixth amendment providing the right to a jury trial for criminal offenses
I'm surprised every Democrats tongue doesn't fall off when they say "Rule of Law"
Better yet. If we can't impeach him, make his presidency lame duck.  Keep him on the losing side of democracy

Under the cover of darkness the great serpent descended from his tower and the insane elected their new leader.... he can do no right
With respect. What are you and your colleagues @SenJohnMcCain going to do? If you are an equal branch of gov't, it is time to show it.
McCain spoke up. Called the VP an asshole. That's Presidential......NOT!!
There will never be a Perfect time since something is fd up every day
Didn't you flout the rule of law by claiming you were a hero fighting in Vietnam ? Stolen Valor , should have been charged coward

When will this madness stop!? This is a constant rape on American and USA. I'm angry.
Peddling racism
@realDonaldTrump is a coward.
It wasn't "under cover of hurricane" except to you bitter haters. #Trump2020
You are being disingenuous, Richard.  President Trump implied he was going to do it at the Phoenix rally.  You are as fake as they come!
History will note that this is the face of hatred.
@BarackObama pardoned THOUSANDS of drug dealers, u said nothing. @POTUS pardons 1 guy convicted of a misdemeanor & it's a big deal?
"Flouts rule of law?" The law gives him the right to pardon. You just don't like the outcome. Plus, it was not a jury trial just a lib judge
What will YOU do about Trump's shameful  disregard of Constitutional principles and American values? #25thAmendmentTime
Get rid of him
"Already producing furrowed brows and the troubled deep concern of total inaction from GOP lawmakers."
This action is outrageous, what are law abiding citizens to think? What kind of an example is this to set for our children? IMPEACH NOW!!!!!
His predecessor set that precedent
Washing post---Get a life . Senators decide if you want to be American or  leftist Sorensen pupit!,,
Go back to old time Democratic ideals
Under cover of darkness and late on a Friday night you proudly served in Vietnam too HACK
Stolen valor is the lowest of the low.
But you were ok with Obama pardoning American Traitors and Drug Lords.
Hey,  Blumenthal, educate URself:
@washingtonpost. Your kidding right!  Chelsea Manning okay but Sheriff Joe no! You are a disgrace!
Don't U get tired of being a schmuck? Oscar Lopez Rivera, responsible for 130 bombings, was pardoned by Obama http://politico.com/magazine/story …
Where was UR tweet when Obama pardoned 1000s of REAL criminals? You R no Statesman; just a phony self-server!
Excuse me.  Who flouted rule of law?
Kindly list what pardons & clemencies you opposed in the Obama era. We're here cause of that slippery slope
Good lord look at all these crybabies on here lol.
Lol its about time he was pardoned!.
Who the hell elected you?
Go to your safe space.
@wcsek He's not only evil but he's a coward. Walking into the helicopter knowing what he was about to unleash.
