Trump owes us an explanation for putting lives at risk- he's betrayed his first responsibility to the safety & security of the United States
Trump may have helped Russia twice – by sharing classified info, and doing incalculable damage to our own alliances.
You haven't sent one helpful tweet. You are dangerous to the US. #Sedition Do your country a service and resign.
Where is report?
Keep dreaming people. He will be your president till the end.
Where are the republican patriots? AWOL when it counts. Time for the XXV amendment. Trump must be removed b4 he gives all away, for ratings.
are you convicting him without the facts???  Aren't you a student of laws and justice. ?
Get real! Still trying to destroy Trump because he exposed the corruption, hate, hypocrisy ,selfserving agendas and lies of the Democrats!
C'mon. U & Murphy and Malloy could care less about any of this. you 3 left CT out 2 dry, destroyed our economy and do nothing but up taxes!
why are you so worried now but swept Hillary's piss poor handling of classified material under the rug?
Didn't you shill for the candidate who was responsible for largest classified leak in state dept history? #selectiveoutrage
Why when 45 just blows it & questions are asked about the present there are things from the past and HRC & Obama brought up every time?
Why wasn't this said when Obama called isis JV? HE allowed them to grow as they have! Why do you insist on being @SenSchumer
Just wonder what else was talked about during Clandestine Spy face to face in the Oval Office, with only TASS there? GOP should be furious!
Honorable Sen Blumenthal, please extract your head from your ass and seek care for your TDS.  It's making you look foolish
The National Security Adviser said he was in the meeting and nothing was leaked? Who is endangering and sabotaging who? Is this a coup?
All while you are betraying your President by spreading rumors as fact. You are supposed to be above this petty tabloid fodder.
Where are the villagers with pitchforks and torches?
Partisan bloviating from a hack with no credibility.
Your coworkers are absolutely useless and complicit in anything trump does!! The GOP are either cowards or power hungry traitors to the USA
Wats appalling is U didnt give a darn when Hillary sent classified info via unsecure email.
Can u believe that  POTUS is tweeting this morning about it.  McMaster should take awAy his phone and lock him up in a padded room
It's starting to be exhausting to read all this BS. 

ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS. DO SOMETHING!
@realDonaldTrump @GOP @DNC @seanhannity Politicians Like Blumenthal (who lied about being a Vietnam veteran) should be tried for treason!
Like you're surprised.
Trump would do anything to become friends with the bullies. Even betray his own people. #Judas
Don't forget about the nations of the world "pledging" no more cyberattacks ! (USA today) who? And who in D.C. Is going to lead this effort?
It's like we're watching a modern season of The Americans, but the mole is actually the President and we realize it's just the news.
#ImpeachTrumpNOW!!!!
@CaptainsLog2017. Yep he did all of that with a photo op to finish it off.
And @SenBlumenthal How much money did your family have involved in either side of this war?
Honestly what he did was an act of treason plain and simple leaking classified information
Traitor in Chief
@WhitfordBradley Next week on another episode of Trump he invites the North Koreans for brunch and a missile silo tour.
i hope u guys are takin notes cuz we r. Initiating charges for impeachment
Every day, trump puts our men & women's lives @ risk, around this world. Shame on you republicans. This proves how much you love wars 
Please, Senator withhold all consent until we get a Special Prosecutor or Independent Commision.  Democracy in danger when Dems do nothing!
Intelligence sources raised concerns about these in Feb, WSJ reported back then. We shouldn't act surprised, our pilot has verbal diarrhea.
Shameful White House!!
Maybe this is part of his 'secret' plan to 'knock the hell out of them'? #irony #strangerthanfiction
But there is some good news, the story broke Bill Mitchell
#FakeNews, #FakePolls, Fake Fake Fake Fake Fake Fake Fake Fake Fake Fake Fake Fake Fake Fake Fake Fake Fake Fake Fake Fake Fake Fake Fake...
Get your colleagues to do something about it. The American people are confounded he is still in office.
@IndivisibleTeam Democrats BETTER sit out any upcoming nominations.. NO if's, &'s or BUT's!
He was just telling his comrades about his secret plan to defeat ISIS #MAGA
But how was the dessert? Was it beautiful?
Trump is putting our country in harms way. Trump is not fit to remain in office. Trump needs a medical/mental evaluation ASAP
Teflon Don. Nothing will bring him down, politics is rotten to the core. 100 days in office and 100 embarrassing moments.
Russia/Putin has no fear in assassinating whomever they wish, our allies are justifiably terrified!
So, let your Republican colleagues know that we will consider them co conspirators if they don't put Country over party NOW
He's bigly stupiddz4
Owes u an explanation? He's not a 6 yr old. Do something! Save us!
Dude, isn't that a Monday for @douchebaginchief
He needs to go.
It makes all of us less safe.
Thank you @SenBlumenthal for standing up to the treason coming from our president. He's endangering our country and our allies.
Hahahaha. Next this phony will say he fought Isis like he did in Vietnam what hypocrite phony u are.
If there is a #TraitorTrump in the #WhiteHouse , IF.. at what point will the #GOP realize that #Pence is slightly less dangerous??
We have met the enemy, and it is this orange man aided by Republican Party.
And worse, POTUS is utterly clueless and unrepetant. He is a clear and present danger!
Trump_please work on measures to remove him
Is Trumps meeting w/Russians in WH, banning US press, leaking classified info ALL requested by PUTIN? ......  Blackmail?
Impeachable offenses - treason, bribery, high crimes and misdemeanors. Take your pick, but pick something.
You betray your constituents all the time. People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones
watching Rachel M about Trumps visitor today from Abu Dabi and their $$$ connection
Paid troll/bot. Reported block
It's the Washington Post!!! VERY FAKE NEWS once again!!! No sources no credibility Wake up
The only sabotage going on is from you and the rest of the democratic jabronis...
McMaster said it didn't happen. End of story. It would be helpful if you supported our government instead of trying to undermine it.
You're worse than the fake news outlets because you swore an oath.  You are traitorous.
Get him out!
yea right, from a lefty loon who lied about your military service! Only crazy liberals listen to loony liberals!
TREASONOUS
What can be done to stop him? Will the @GOP stand up for country now?
You all have plenty of instances of trumps misuse of power, obstruction of justice, nepotism, Russian ties, etc.. The time in now, Impeach!
How soon we forget that Putin threw TRUMP under the bus after that failed bombing on Syria? He tipped Russia of then. What the what already?
That denial of things not alleged in the WP story was a confirmation of its accuracy.
Exactly. It also confirms they don't expect to be able to hide it. A flat out lie/denial might put another hole in the levee
More fake news from fake humans.
@realDonaldTrump is the single biggest threat to our National Security! @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems  #SaveUS! #IMPEACH!
This matters the worlds  safety 
Reckless behaviour
Deeply Concerning
Please DEMAND that Trump is removed. He is a threat to our national security. Call the Sargent at Arms and remove him.
Now they are saying he didn't release I'm so tired of the cover up and scared Republicans
Trump cares only about winning he would like nothing more than an attack on the US so he can say it was because his ban on muslims failed
Sir you have been amazing in your opposition to this Russian spy but enough is enough. The world is exhausted #ImpeachTrump
Blumenthal your pathetic fake news already has been debunked
& let's not forget about our Troops in harms way. Somebody...Please do something.  How far does it have to go? #CountryOverParty #TrumpLeaks
Shut down the God damn Senate until we get a special prosecutor! Shut the whole damn thing down!

Individuals who are "extremely careless" with classified information should be denied further access to such info. 
McMaster just gave a non-denial denial. He denied much, but did not deny anything in #WaPo story. trump is a security risk, plain & simple
If this information is classified how does the Washington Post have the information? Seems a bit fishy Dick.
This is beyond ridiculous!!! Screw GOP, he needs to go regardless what they say.
When are you all going to do something about this loose lips person. Throughout the protection for his treason!
Kinda like Vietnam?
GOP is arguing it is the President's prerogative to help ISIS. Who exactly does GOP serve? Certainly not the American people
Meanwhile, the person who won the popular vote by 3mil is like...
As if she knows how to handle classified Intel.
Yeah, you pretty much lost that talking point about two hours ago... #butheremails
Nowhere am I defending Trump's incompetence.
Didn't you hear the latest:  The WaPo didn't speak to anyone who was actually at the meeting.  Their unnamed sources are BS. #FakeNews

It is time to start impeachment proceedings in the House. This clown has become dangerous to the country.
Maybe it would be better to watch him get indicted for money-laundering and go to prison for a long time. Lock him up.

In denial much? Ahahaha. Wait and see, Trumpanzee
Call to immediately stop giving him intell.  NATO is babyproofing in advance of his trip. This is unacceptable.
Update the mayor has agreed to match once we hit $11,000. We have raised $3000 so far. Help them reach the goal. http://adversitytoprosperity.org/harding-football-program/ …
Get him outta there, pure incompetence
Like leaving an unsecured server with classified information to hack? Pretty dangerous suff. But that didn't matter to u did it. Yawn
ohhhhhhhhh what about her emails well it just trump giving away top secret to the Russian it ok
It's all about face time on TV with you asshats - dems & gop are both to blame for this mess. Talking pts and chess plays while people die.
Something needs to be done. Why are your republican colleagues ignoring his actions?
If this is true AND it is not throughly investigated - I will then be ashamed to be an American.  This man has done enough damage! #POTUS
Astonishing and appalling is being a fake war hero
It seems clear this will only get worse. @realDonaldTrump is going to get a lot of them & US killed. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP will be COMPLICIT.
IMPEACH HIM!! @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SpeakerRyan @NancyPelosi
You are not doing enough to defend our country. Stand up to Trump. Our country depends on it. Do your job, Senator.
Impeach him. #ITN
form a independent senate committee, like the one in watergate
They need to release the full transcript if they claim nothing classified was shared.
