
He owned you.
TYPICAL LYING DEMOCRAT! NO request of an interview from Mueller to Sessions. And how did YOU even get the info there was? LAWBREAKING???????
You did about as good as a baboon would have done questioning him.
Why don’t you question Obama’s Hillary bill and mueller on their collusion with Russia
Watched the proceedings today. You did a good job sir. You held your temper well whilst Sessions was mocking!
Senator you are going to get voted out we are all tired u ate a part of a do nothing congress
Please ask him if he feels it is acceptable that the top law enforcement officer in the land comitted perjury twice without consequences.
Good point.
Thx. It is something that has bothered me and I wonder why the Dems don't keep pressing him on it; this is a golden opportunity to do so
And when will you acknowledge the criminal activities of both Obama and Clinton in regards to the Russian uranium deal?
Hillary could give seminars on lying scheming cheating with a straight face do you see orange jumpsuit in the future for her # MAGA
Where is the investigation for the collusion between the clintons and obamas with Russia and uranium
Considering your questions would you support unlocking documents sealed by Obamas which may show tie to Soros,Iran and Ayers
Maybe you should check your sources illegally leaking false information from the investigation to your office or you directly.
Please don't allow him to pull "poor poor me, let me finish.... LYING" . Nauseating to watch/listen to the mendacity!
You are on a witch hunt you are part of crooked Hillary teams
The emouluments clause deals with foreign heads of state giving gifts to the president. Paying rent is not a gift it's purchasing a service.
Why dont you look in the mirror and question yourself... Mr switcheroo, you have proven yourself be be of low intellect and devoid of trust.
It’s a good thing he can’t ask you a question, like why you lied about your tour in Vietnam
Yea i seem it he made you look like the BOOB you are
Make sure you follow all the Russian connection even the ones that go to the Clinton campaign.
Who wrote the questions for you ?
You asked him if he would charge anyone n the WH if they were using private phone for business. It was Hillary that should have been charged
My goodness you're such an embarrassment.

. How did that work out for you,
1,001 Blessings to you Sir. I pray God guides you to ask all the right questions. Please keep standing up and speaking out for what is right
.@SenBlumenthal AG Sessions showed Blumenthal of #TheVictimsParty why he is and will always be a second string CT Lawyer, how embarrassing
Please don’t embarrass CT more than usual get CT OUT OF THE RED
And is he going to be allowed to ask you about your tour in Vietnam
They should question you about you VIETNAM TOUR. It will be interesting to see how much can still lie.
Rich. Stop running for your next campaign. Do something for the people... Not selfserving showmanship!
Ask him about Nam
As a citizen with equal rights and never lying about military service I demand we investigate your financial backing and if ties to Weinstei
you? the stolen valor politican? go question yourself in the mirror.
What’s amazing? How many different  interpretations exist of the same law—that’s amazing.
Wow so you got owned today, huh...
President Trump spoke of revoking NBC's broadcast license because they were fabricating stories & presenting them as facts to the people.
No one cares about you're on going which hunt. How about questioning HRC on her Russian uranium 1 deal tricky dicky?
Give him hell!!!
Your questions just question our Constitution and how much you'd like to destroy it.

My only ? is when he refuses to answer or lies are you going to hold him accountable for it?
LMAO stfu chicken little!
Just wait until the press gets you in the men's room ,toe tapping under the stall Door.  Or so I've been told .
You and your liberal buddies need to start doing your jobs instead of all your witch hunts! But you r all sore losers Cuz Hillary lost!
Thank you for bringing up the freedom of the press. Please hit on the emoluments clause regarding Trump
Blumenthal when are you gonna start worrying about Ct. a state you helped destroy and continue to destroy along with Malloy and Murphy!
Hey DICK! "Maybe you should check your sources."   LOL LOL LOL
Who's your source about Session's meeting that proved false? Your pants are on fire!
Mr Stonewall! Good luck with that. When he does that smile thing, dig deeper. 
Odd he's still invoking Exec Privilege
watching this waste of time and money, it is obvious from your line of questioning that you are completely ignorant!
You’re a patient man!!
Yes & he is VERY OBVIOUSLY LYING about being contacted by SPECIAL COUNSEL 2 testify!! Not a good liar! He shld testify now 2 SC
YOU SOUND LIKE A MENTAL MISTAKE. HOW MUCH LONGER DO PEOPLE VOTE STUPID PEOPLE INTO OFFICE
Ask him:  Was it lawful for a sitting Secretary of State to sell 20% of U.S. Uranium to Russia?
Sen Blumental lied in past, so why should we believe him now? Lying about sources. Rehashing garbage. As a constit, U R out next election.
Why is @jeffsessions allowed NOT to answer qs when NO Exec priv invoked?  Why is he not held in contempt?  We the People want to know!
Do not let him off the hook until he finally tells the truth!
Ask him about the real Russian collusion story about @HillaryClinton and @BarackObama bribery scheme investigation.
You are not intelligent enough to be questioning Jeff Sessions
All the evil elf is doing is lying once again, and getting away with it 100%. 
Ask him about his Viet Nam service.
I thought we had 3 INVESTIGATIONS INTO RUSSIAN MEDDLING BUT DEMOCRATS ARE ONLY INTERESTED IN ATTACKING SESSIONS IN REGARD TO THE ELECTION
Now that there is new information on Uranium 1 you would think democrats would be interested but they're avoiding it like the plague.
Question this, It will be interesting to see if you push it with same furor/zeal you pursue the #witchhunt Hypocrite
@ctdems @ctgop Will the CT Dems follow the Senators approach?  You make the call.
Ask him why he is such a terrible person
Ask him why he still has security clearance and a job after lying on forms.  Stay tuned for lots of "I don't recall".
You get ‘em Senator Blumenthal, grill him like you grilled the Vietcong! #Hero #CNN
...please wipe that shit eating grin off of his face!
@USTermLimits needed to #draintheswamp
And he'll continue to not answer you Senator.
Let’s see what lies he spouts today.  The “injustice” department.
Are you on the Kremlin payroll? I think so. Stop dividing our Great   Country
Show no mercy.
Well so far its all soft ball bull crap
Hope you are harder on him than the others have been! Get some serious questions answered
Please ask why he has not resigned in light of his proven blatant perjury.  #prosecuteperjury #lockhimup
What about the uranium deal with the Clintons and the Obamas
Sessions will just lie, say he doesn’t remember or he can’t answer that.
I'm sure you'll try to smear him
I'm already hearing can't comment,don't know details
Please don’t let me get away with his sidestepping dance.
He'll be dancing around and not providing information.
Nail that SOB to the wall!
Stay strong, Senator.
Thank you!  Be brave
Thank you! Now go get ‘em l
Sessions a hard shell to crack, vey witty. I wish he loved peoples of Alabama & USA more than shows. Sessions must be truthful about Russia.
Sessions refuses to discuss Comey. you need to get him under oath.
He’s already posed the executive privilege that he doesn’t have. He cannot use the privilege since he isn’t the executive. So tired of it.
Fulfill a Zionist political agenda at taxpayer expense.
Don't let him off the hook. Make him answer the questions not weasel out as he did last time!!!
Yay! But this guy is a surrogate for Trump & do not trust him even under Oath!!! He camouflages the truth!!!
Grill
GDP 3.2, unemployment lowest in a decade, stocks plus 25%, cease fire in Syria, illegal immigration down 70%, TX for Vietnam!
u gonna check into the new information regarding the FBI investigation into Russia? no interest in that? Country over party?
U r the man that lied about going to Vietnam. Can’t trust a word u say!
Don't let him waste your time meandering like he did with Kamala
Sane Americans beg you to not accept pseudo responses to the hard questions we're praying you ask.
What’s this???
Thank you for your integrity, Senator Blumenthal!

Thank you for standing up for your constituents sir!
Thank you. Since his memory seems conveniently poor, please ask if he’s had a neurological evaluation and whether he is fit for his role
Good point.
He. Will. Lie.
He will ramble to take up time ( limits questions), then he will lie.
why? he lied in his confirmation hearings, and now you're about to have Roy Moore as a colleague. why is he even there for you to question?
Get that KKK Grand Dragon! Don't let him weasel out of ANY questions!
GOOD LUCK!!
Please please don’t let him off the hook.
https://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/Features/GlobalWarming/page3.php …
Make him squirm!!! Don't let him spin his way out of anything! The people deserve the truth!!
You get him. Wonder if he will do the "I don't recall" amnesia answers.  Best of luck Senator.  We are all pulling for you.  And thank you for your integrity hard works and dedication to our country.
Wish we could ask our own questions.
please, knock him out of the ball park.
Good Luck! He kind of lies a lot
I'm all ready for you! Go get em. #TrumpRussia
My only concern is that he lied during his confirmation hearing and got away with it. What's to stop him from doing it again?
Can't wait to hear his excuses. Make him sweat!
Ask him what the penalty for stolen valor is?
Why did DOJ reverse on Texas Voting issues would be one of my questions.  Thank you.
