#StolenValor #MarxistElite. Shame on you
Fascism Forever doesn't concern you?
Judge Gorsuch is not out of the mainstream, so I ask you to approve him.
I will be sure to not vote for you.  And I'll spread the word. The people have spoken in the country
you know he isn't.
Gorsuch founded and lead "Fascism Forever" club:  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4182852/amp/Trump-s-SCOTUS-pick-founded-club-called-Fascism-Forever.html …

Your so sophisticated and a sorry poser Do you get john kerry to tell you War stories?
#gorsuch
OUT OF MAINSTREAM?
NOT EVEN CLOSE!
MORE IMPORTANT
YOU DON'T put judge w/ ONLY 12yrs experience, on SUPREME COURT!
NO
Didn't Sen Harry Reid say in Oct 2016 that Senate should pass SCOTUS nominees with just 50 votes? And the "Reid Rule?"
he's way out of the mainstream, do not approve
#EPA 
FL GOP Rep Geatz's new bill HP861
ELIMINATING EPA
UNBELIEVABLE!!
He CRAZY? or on take from Gas and Oil
STOP THIS BILL!!
Was Judge Gorsuch "out of mainstream" when Sen. Biden, Clinton, Obama, Kerry, voted for his nomination last time?
WTF You Mean If he is not this or That for 10months They Wouldn't hear Obama Appointee. He should NOT get a hearing 
#Garlin
The seat is stolen & he appears to have fascist leanings. #FilibusterGorsuch  #Resist
Pls understand, @SenBlumenthal: given Gorsuch's record of ruling 4 corporations, his nom is crucial 2 kleptocracy.
#TheResistance
@RBLnyc
shame on you
you not in the mainstream #LeftistFascism
They stole the election(s); don't let them steal SCOTUS. Garland is only vote. BLOCK BLOCK BLOCK every nom, every cabinet pic
Thank you!!!  Behind you all the way!

good for you. How can inhelp
will you abandon your spineless "two wrongs don't make a right" nonsense that enables the GOP's unconstitutional power grab?
stop being an obstacle #makectgreatagain
he IS out of the mainstream. They STOLE our seat!
Stolen??  Don't you remember?  What's good for the goose is good for the gander.
#gorsuch 
NO to Gorsuch
ONLY 12yrs EXPERIENCE as judge
DOES NOT BELONG ON SUPREME COURT
JUST SAY NO!
GOP says it ALL the time
Gorsuch  "OUT OF THE MAINSTREAM" - what a cliche. & who can blame ya - gotten away with it so long. WELL------ NO MORE !
idk what you mean by IF, the guy guy is a far right ghoul
You must do everything possible to block Gorsuch
Please note traitors democrat senators manchin warner and heitkamp voted for tillerson. Manchin plans to vote for gorsuch
He is well qualified but his thinking is NOT mainstream and certainly not tuned in to CT voters.
thank you!!
You must filibuster Gorsuch, what about Garland???? No short memory here, you work for us!!!
If the copied tweet below is true, you are a pathetic coward and need to retire very soon
Sen. Blumenthal says Dems shouldn't obstruct Gorsuch confirmation:"We should not repeat the Republican wrong. Two wrongs don't make a right"
#MerrickGarland or bust! #FilibusterGorsuch #filibuster . You need to realize you're in a fight, not a negotiation senator.
.@SenBlumenthal This is a #stolenseat. He should not be confirmed until Garland gets a hearing. How about the Constitution Senator!
Judge Gorsuch is a great choice.  It was the American people that nominated him by their vote.
Your name is synonymous with shame and corruption. #MilitaryDeferments Records don't lie, but politician's do. #filibuster
All we ask is a NO vote.Let Repubs own their trtmt of #MerrickGarland Plz stand strong don't b complicit in theft #StolenSeat
the Dems got 3 mil more votes this election!!? What the hell are you taking about!! Of course he is out of the mainstream.
.@SenBlumenthal no nominee should be confirmed unless it's Merrick Garland.Not revenge: righting a terrible wrong done by @SenateMajLdr.
Thank you!
Thank you Senator for your guts! In addition, please support General Strike on Feb 17th against Trump!
Do you have access to the internet? You can look up his history.
He founded a fascism club in high school. While that might be a long time ago it's still out of the mainstream. #NOFASCISTUSA
@ChrisMurphyCT Gorsuch is reportedly Scalia 2.0; pls vote no or you're giving GOP every branch of gov and total power.  NO!
HE FOUNDED AND RAN A GROUP CALLED FASCISM FOREVER
What else do You need to See. Hes the founder of Fascism Forever. SMH at Dems w/the qualifiers on something so obvious
Didn't you say you shouldn't obstruct him? K, well, let's see if you get re-elected.
please don't go limp on this stand.
Anything other than complete opposition is complicity in the original offense: the theft of President Obama’s nomination.
He's not Merrick Garland. Filibuster. #resist
make them change the vote to 51...weaken them in future!  8 years of no votes, Merrick shutout #TasteOfTheirOwnMedicine
NO! Block! Filibuster! Our civil liberties are at stake! #no2gorsuch #GorsuchNomination #MerrickGarland4SCOTUS
remember 40% of your constituents voted for @realDonaldTrump, you need to represent us as well! @first100
You filibuster -> we support you. You roll over -> we primary you.
.@SenBlumenthal GOP delegitimized SCOTUS process, don't normalize this.
He formed a "Fascim Forever" club in high school.Is that is "out of the mainstream" for you?
Then you should resign yourself because you are definitely out of the mainstream now in place! U r unfit to be a Senator!
giving corporations constitutional freedoms is out of mainstream and will destroy democracy, vote no
just heard you on NPR you are not mainstream

http://www.slate.com/blogs/xx_factor/2017/01/31/what_neil_gorsuch_trump_s_scotus_pick_means_for_american_women.html …
PLEASE Oppose DeVos! She is the WORST choice for our schools! Unqualified, Unethical, Misinformed. PLEASE VOTE NO on DeVos
This CT voter says all the rules have changed, take the gloves off, filibuster. Fight for CT Fight for our rights.
@lisacampbelldnp block until there is a hearing for Merrick Garland
fight this now or the dems are done for.
If that quote is true, you should be ashamed of yourself. Fight for us. Fight for gay men like me who Gorsuch will attack.
Then what is with this
Sen. Blumenthal says Dems shouldn't obstruct Gorsuch confirmation:"We should not repeat the Republican wrong. Two wrongs don't make a right"
It doesn't matter what his record is. He's not Garland.
Please do not allow the Republicans to bring their SCOTUS appointee to a vote. This seat was President Obama's. #No vote.
you need to filibuster regardless http://www.newsweek.com/why-neil-gorsuch-must-not-be-confirmed-supreme-court-eichenwald-551429 …
if you vote on Gorsuch you support the way in which he got there.
we are with you. Unite to keep this man off the court. The Country needs the Senate to keep Trump in check.
I am counting on you as my representative to stop these nominations from coming to fruition.   Our country is in trouble.
The American people are asking for a replacement that will give balance to the court and Judge Gorsech fits.
This is the very reason Trump is #POTUS this obstructionist mentality an opposition instead of mutual bipartisan agreement
I feel he would uphold the law as it was written and ment to be.
please remember his stance on corporate rights in the hobby lobby case. You vowed to protect women's health rights. #SCOTUS
Please define mainstream. That will help.
I'm a CT voter and I strongly urge you to block #Gorsuch with every tool in your repertoire.  He's bad for women & unions.
Sorry Senator your ideology, thus your determination, is outside the mainstream.
Justice Kagan had no previous judicial experience when Obama appointed her yet she was approved 63-37. Give him a chance..
Be sure to thank Harry Reid when your filibuster turns out to be a worthless endeavor. #SCOTUSnominee
good thing your vote will not matter. He will be confirmed and the next supreme court justice
Is Blumenthal GAY???
Please ask Judge Gorsuch if he thinks it was constitutional for Sen. McConnell not to give Judge Garland a hearing.
Block it. The end.
If you value your constituents at all you'll do everything in your power to make sure he doesn't get nominated
When GOP blocked PBO-Dems it was partisan. Dems block GOP now to protect the country and its people. @SenBlumenthal
About to lose filibuster buddy! Keep playing child games Dems. You'll find yourself up creek w/out a paddle.Left w/nada!
what's the matter Richard,  are you jealous he's a better man than you
I will be sure to use every tool to keep you from ever being a senator again. The man is better than most you will see
Yes please! All of us in CT are counting on you to be a strong voice for our best interests!! #FilibusterGorsuch
Notice the people in the streets, @senblumenthal. Fight for democracy, think bigger picture than "2 wrongs don't make a right."
you could not be MORE wroooonnnnnggg!!!!!!
Go ahead and filibuster - you'll be another Dem casualty in the Senate elections!!
If you make that determination, you don't understand mainstream.
So we are still going high? NO   filibuster block obstruct .
thank you!! Keep up the solid work!
block his nomination on principle.
please
Fantastic He's dangerous. Pls encourage other Senate Dems to filibuster  Tillerson, Sessions, DeVos,Pruitt
what is inside "the mainstream" when the president of USA is a White nationalist? Is being in the KKK cool now? #obstruct
Vote NO for anyone who is not Garland. Take a stand against fascism.
Dick, an ultra liberal from NYC, summering in CT, now a Greenwich resident is "out of the mainstream" not a judge from CO !
I didn't realize interpreting the Constitution as written depends on what is currently mainstream.
you need to do better than that and fight for us the way they fight for nazis ....
THIS is why the FREAKIN' Dimmycrats -- bought & paid for by wall st. -- will NEVER have our back
Please filibuster! He's worse than Scalia.
thank you for being a human being.
Out or in mainstream, I don't care: Dems must refuse to consider ALL Trump nominess. Being nice has failed catastrophically.
THE NRA SUPPORTS #Gorsuch!!!

If you vote yes, please never say the words "Sandy Hook" EVER again, ok?
the fuck does "pursue" mean?! Is it running away? Is it hard to find? America needs you to verb better than just "pursue".
FORCE   MCCONNELL  TO  NUKE  THE  FILLIBUSTER 
you would block anyone ... I remembered when you said you were in Vietnam that was a BIG LIE
I expect you to end all the boycotts. Do your job. Go to all the hearings. Ask your questions. Make a decision. Move on. Work
All you people do is fight and bluster.Define "out of mainstream." Nobody ever does - just hang irrational opposition on it.
Amen!!  Dems think any Republican nominee is some combination of liar, mysogynist, racist and Islamophobe. Nuts!!
Define 'out of the mainstream'.
just know that if you vote for Judge Gorsuch, you will be primaried and you will lose.
don't you mean LIBERAL mainstream.  You lost.  Elections have consequences.
#JusticeGorsuch
--

 IF?

          IF?
remember that the North-east coast of the United States is very much out of the mainstream #SCOTUSnominee #SCOTUS
Please block Trump's pick for Supreme Court. Thank you.
we expect the same as alwAys from you Washington losers; do nothing but argue!
mainstream or not, your constituents want him blocked because it his not his seat. Demand a vote on #merrickgarland. Or lose
He doesn't need to be 'out of the mainstream.' The seat is stolen. Object to the process, not the man.
Agreed. At least he has some qualifications, unlike the other appointees.
He is out of the mainstream.  Filibuster.
Repubs distract people w/ abortion & LGBT b/c what they really want is to fill SCOTUS w/ corporate apologists for the 1%!
You cannot reward Republicans' Garland obstruction with a business as usual approach to Gorsuch. He is an abject corporatist.
Do you even remotely understand the rage and dismay on the Democratic base sir?? Compromise.....NFW

This isn't a game. Do your best to block Gorsuch or get primaried.
.@SenBlumenthal And you will lose. Get out of the way before the Trump Train mows you down. Choo choo #MAGA
no on Gorsuch
What does "mainstream" mean? Filibuster until Garland gets a hearing. Earn our votes.
You don't get it. No compromise. No appeasement. I've always gladly voted for you. Don't make that change. #resist
Stop caving. Start fighting. Show some gd spine for once or all cowardly Dems will be primaried.
You're not going to vote for Gorsuch whether he's qualified or not. Your process liberalism is why we can't get anything done
good luck with that!  He will be the newest SCJ. You can thank Senator Reid for the lack of 60 votes being needed.
please Senator, we are counting on you.
NO!!!!  This is a stolen seat.  If you roll over now  we will not forget! #TheResistance
Obstructing him from getting to the floor is a legal tool for blocking him, too. Winning is more important than process here.
If the unpaid intern who runs this account would relay my sentiments to the Senator I would be grateful, thanks.
he does not stand for womens rights#whyimarch
not good enough, do not play fair, you're not better than a republican, be an adult not a hall monito
How does one determine what is mainstream? If that's the majority opinion then aren't you excluding minority opinions? Hmm...
democrats are as far from the mainstream as you can go you fit in very well with Schumer and polosi  "out of touch "
good keep this up all u democrat see what it get y'all we love the way u all look like fools
don't hurt yourself
Anything less than obstruction can only be viewed as collaboration.
Gorsuch's agenda is the Constitution of the United States.  Democrats behavior is appalling.  Grow up!
#stopsessions #StopGorsuch give them the same considerations they gave Merrick Garland which was NONE. Not even a vote.
You can not call yourself an advocate for women's issues and make any other determination. BLOCK.
being nominated by a #pussygrabber is not mainstream
HE IS OUT OF THE MAINSTREAM, SENATOR. No vote!
Support #gorsuch. Once in awhile represent people in CT that are not far left.
Gorsuch's Burwell & Hobby Lobby opinions concern me, but a Ginsburg vacancy>Scalia vacancy. Fight smart!
One of the main reasons I voted for President Trump was to replace Scalia with a conservative.  Elections have consequences.
- Would prefer that you treat him as Garland was treated.
look a a county by county electoral map and see who is out of the mainstream
I realize you have moneyed interests pushing you, but filibuster. Do not vote on cloture.
is that what you have determined?
good luck with your hate filled bigotry.
thank you for representing us. Stand tall and strong.
Please! Trump and his liars think they can do all. tw
Tweeting with SeanSpicer, he made fun of my sun hat, this govt, cancer.
Out of the mainstream? I hope this means, willing to up hold the Constitution and only see things that would violate it.
Ask Gorsuch what he considers 'advise & consent' to mean after a president makes a nomination.
Thank you
You have his record that does not support women's rights and LGBT rights. Block him
thank you!!!!!!
With many political battles ahead, please pick carefully the ones to fight full steam. #Gorsuch is qualified, but scrutinize.
Trump and his cabinet will be more damaging to US domestic policy and foreign perception than Gorsuch could ever be
As a woman and stepmom of 3 beautiful young girls I beg you to exercise all means possible in blocking Gorsuch.  Cindy - CT
Senator, while agreeing w/most of your MSNBC interview, America has no friends/colleagues in the ALT_Fact Party. Klepotocrats
Problem is, you don't WANT a "mainstream" nominee. But play baby boycott, you get what you deserve.
how about you start by fixing Connecticut... and then you can worry about the rest of the country.
@JJohnson2u Just read his legal writing, it well only 5 mins to decide he is nuts. Not just out of the mainstream.
