I wish you were my senator so I could make sure you never had a moment's peace. Instead I was harass the CA collaborators.
will*
Did a Russian spy ship really come within 30 mi of Groton
#StolenValor you and Reid created Nuclear option. Deal with it.
I must've missed that one. How many votes did Garland get? Listen to the people in the streets or get out of the way
Except @potus is pressuring @SenateMajLdr to change rules to make it a simple majority vote.  https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-urges-republicans-force-majority-vote-gorsuch-democrats-171319311.html … #resist
u don't get to dictate the rules. your party will have to live by the rules u created.
The GOP requirement for PBO was not even a damn hearing on Merrick Garland. Screw them, especially McTurtle. No vote.
so show up and ask the question and vote your party is sinful
NO! That is Merrick Garlands seat and you should NOT go along with its theft and be an accomplice!
Garland never got a chance to get 60 votes, no Trump nominee other than Garland should receive a vote.
...except Garland.
How can it be legal for @GOP to change the rules on Price vote? Is our government that easily corrupted? Can you #FixIt ?
Block this vote.

What a jerk you are for divulging your PRIVATE conversations w/ Judge Gorsuch. It simply shows you have no honor & no class!
please vote for #Gorsuch for SCOTUS !
Very disappointing. Democrats please be stronger, this is so disheartening.  Don't go along with letting this seat be stolen.
What - This is a WHITE Thing  Garlin Didn't get a Vote.  But that's OK.  You SUCK Bru.  How you know if Garlin was Qualifi
only so much you can do. Don't stop doing it!
You need to go. You need to be primaried, Good bye to you.
This is fatuous. They will *never* nominate a moderate. You either lose and take the filibuster down or you just lose.
Even though Merrick Garland supports the Citizen's United decision he still deserves a hearing.
Dems have more than 40 votes, right? Looks like it's an 8 member SCOTUS from here. It may dwindle to 7 - #ThisIsTheNewNormal
Except that Pres Obama's SCOTUS nom wasn't even given the courtesy of being voted on. Do NOT reward GOP for obstructionism!
@CTSenateDems @SenMurphyOffice you must vote against Gorduch
why?  Time to stand up.  Stop thinking this is a fair fight they've stabbed you in the kidneys already....
the Republicans have 10 months of payback waiting for them, at least. That seat belongs to Merrick Garland.
@puppymnkey why should he get s vote a all?
Unacceptable. No appeasement. No Vote.
you only support it because didn't win the election if the shoe was on the other foot you also would change the rules
he never got a vote! So give his nomination a vote before trumps! Or you will be voted out of office. This is not a game.
you are going to learn how much not resisting gets you when you get voted out in a primary.
.@SenBlumenthal
Enjoy getting primaried, I guess.

no vote! MERRICK GARLAND
NO VOTE.
say goodbye to your Senate seat.
As a CT native, I disagree. The GOP turned this knife fight into a gun fight. If you insist on keeping a knife, we all lose
.@SenBlumenthal How on Earth can you not see the situation for what it is. How on Earth were you voted in.
This is a serious question. How was @SenBlumenthal, who believes that hoary old phrases from childhood are enough to beat fascism, voted in?
block the vote. The republicans are not playing by the same rules as you are. Stop trying to be above the fray.
"every one of Prez obama's noms"? r u kidding? there was NO threshold 4 Garland & there shouldn't be one now
I strongly disagree with you
Gorsuch deserves same respect as Garland. Do not back down. Do not consider a vote.
Obama's last nom didn't get a vote at all. That is the standard you should apply.
Funny, I don't remember there being any threshold for Garland. Have u really been getting a "cooperation" vibe lately?
you need to be fair a balanced and voice the reasons for your opinion. Don't speak in generalities, be specific.
And Harry Reid changed the Senate rules, didn't he? And in Oct 2016, he said SCOTUS vote could be done on only a majority!
FeetToFire We are watching.
no senator, as one of your constituents I say no. He does not get a hearing until Garland does. Don't roll over.

love to change the rules don't you?
As your former king so eloquently stated "elections have consequences ""You can go for a ride but you'll need to sit in back"
He was voted yes in 2006 unanimously so what has changed Dick?
if you @TheDemocrats vote Garland through you destroy your party. You will lose the people. We want resistance not weakness!
If you support Gorsuch I will work very hard to make sure you aren't re-elected
i second this!
yup and if Dems filibuster, GOP will go nuclear option. You can't win :p
block him indefinitely. Decorum is dead, stop trying to revive its corpse.
Don't do it! No vote!  Block all nominations...just like they blocked Merrick Garland. #StolenSeat
Try supporting the Constitution as written. The Oath you took obliges you to do it even if you don't like the out come.
Tell that to your own party when they withheld Garland's SCOTUS hearing for the longest period in US history.
I support a filibuster.  It is wrong to go along with the dangerous precedent that the Republicans are establishing.
A filibuster can be broken with 60 votes. Just FYI. What America needs is Constitutional change.
except Merrick Garland.
