Collusion in Connecticut w/ Unions is rampant, so you're talking out of both sides of your mouth. We desperately need Term Limits f/all SEN.
And they're not "Republicans" - it's about our country. I wish more people saw that. I'm not anti-Rep, I'm pro-America.
You don't have to be a Dem to hate Trump—or hate how he's betraying American interests in every possible way.
Just watching a piece of this right now. The "I" word is buzzing. Do u think any Rep house mem will flip sides, and even write a bill?
Are these the same Russians Hillary approved a deal for 20% of our Uranium reserves with? The ones who gave Podesta's energy company 30 mil?
Most agree Russia tried to interfere, there was no collusion tho between trump and russians. Thats tin foil cap crazy
Like Leaker Comey is credible? Dude, get serious. You partisan shills are laughable. The people think you are all liars & crooks.
Where was James Comey on the sale of US uranium? Where was his investigation on promising Russia/Putin more flexibility? Collusion
Yeah. Just like Jokhar Sarvaev blew up many people in the Boston Marathon. I remember that
If you had half a brain the Russian thing is pathetic nothing that the Trump Administration did had anything to do with Collision
Please dump this useless tunnel project. Politicians love spending. Our money on useless projects.
And what's our government doing about it? It was said that its been going on for awhile. Now because you lost now it matters. No solutions.
Again proved DT only interested in saving self not the country & our democracy.
And we r going after them. Tit for tat!
You "hoped" there was collusion. When proved there wasn't you'll look like a fool who has wasted a year on your obsession with Trump's win.
Total none statement. You and your anonymous sources and all losers
Have you forgotten our treaty with Ukraine, obama did.  Where were you?  Crickets
And when they do again will Trumplicans in Congress give America over to Russia? Patriotism is a question of putting country first!
Yet no evidence of collusion no proof president is not under investigation so senator where is your smoking guns dems are liars and haters
Russians can't ruin what our Representatives are doing and have done. Putting the Light on Trump doesn't remove it from you..
You helped ruin CT and we are supposed to believe that you have this countries best interest at heart...........PLEASE !!!!!!

This is the heart of the matter...we have elections upcoming and we don't need Russians meddling.
give me a break
We spy on the entire world, attack countries & force regime changes
Russians r saints compared 2 us
1953 called. Joseph McCarthy wants to ask you a few questions
But nothing to do with Trump, because he is not under investigation.
Trump never colluded with Russia, why didn't DNC let @FBI have access to server,.
Stop with this Russia bs. This is to have people look away at the vile dnc and obamas illegal and unconstitutional doings. You're vile
Again, Where is the proof!
TRUMP HATER
The Russians, Chinese etc have always tried to interfere, just as the US does to other countries elections. This isn't anything new.
Where In Vietnam Did You Serve Again? You Liar!
Where is the proof,just because Obama said it doesn't make the truth.
You never investigated Obama uranium/money.
Investigate that!
@SenJohnMcCain @JoeNBC @hardball @MaddowBlog @TheLastWord @AC360 Respectfully, McCain has lost his MF'ing mind!  WTF is he talking about?
Russian interference needs to be a Congressional priority. Trump fired a good man and continues to ignore topic of Russia. Wrong man gone!
Yet Trump takes no interest in Russian interference. Dereliction of duty. Failing to defend US democracy. Treason. Lock him up.
Do you also believe a president bringing that up would only ask that even after saying good things of him is trying to hide and cover up ?
Do you believe an FBI director should always be "honest" and "loyal"? Even when trump said good things before all the problems ? And also...
How many times has comey said potus was under no personal investigation?
The assumption of collusion is inflammatory and prejudicial! When you have the evidence then spout off!
Blumenthal is doing nothing but wasting billions of $s on this BS investigation. You have put no legislation forward this year -sad!
Trump didn't ask to interfere but Lynch did ask Comey to downplay the investigation.  Democrats are the liars.
The price we are paying on this so called war on terror also wtf do we want out of Afghanistan wtf is there we want ?
BS - talking point.This is a story of fiction propagated by Dems be ready for the backlash against Dems in 18 when we the people put you out
You left out the part about there being no evidence of anyone from the Trump campaign colluding with the Russians.  #TryHonesty
How does the crow taste?
Like Roman empire  steaching its military the war on terror will collapse the US empire not Russia
you are aware the Saudi gov directly funded Clinton and yet a few friends of clinton fabricate Trumprussia. kinda damning isn't it senator 
He stated they had no affect on outcome asshat let it go
You had your day hope you're not too disappointed now get back to work and help Connecticut out of this financial mess.
Keep saying it, you just might be able to convince yourself that it's real.
They've been after America forever. Educate yourself on obamas mentor Frank Marshall Davis!

I think you're mentally challenged senator
They are already here Now we need to get them out
