As Connecticut did at Newtown, we grieve and pray for loved ones - but thoughts and prayers are not enough. We must act.
Nothing has changed since Newtown, and Congress is complicit in this unspeakable slaughter. If not now, when?
Americans are right to be angry at Congress's inaction on gun violence - not just mass shootings, but 90 deaths in our communities each day.
We should pray and grieve for victims, and honor them with action - commonsense steps to save others from gun violence.
Mr. President, if this senseless, cruel killing was “pure evil” then please lead to stop it - and 90 more deaths every day.
Agree. I'm praying for gun control. Or whatever is even better. Banish the damn things.
Absolutley, Congress needs to act on gun control now. Enough innocent people have died.
You allow Radical Islam in r country & then label American citizens domestic terrorists to pass laws so we can't defend ourselves!Screw off!
Proud to have you as my Senator. You work tirelessly for all the right reasons. Much appreciated 
We all should be angry and ashamed. Please figure out how to fix this.
We’re furious that you& the Dems are even considering taking away our Second Admt rights because a mentally ill guy killed innocent ppl
No human outside military needs an assault rifle
Who are you to decide what people need or not need!!!! I can decide on my own what I need or want. Don’t need DEMS making my decisions!!!
This gun owner is all for reasonable gun control. But talk to gun owners about it, senator, not gun-ignorant people.
Then stand up and lead the way.
I will call him in the morning. You make a good point.
Hope yp u plan to say you are against the #gunsilencers bill. Imagine the carnage if the crowd did not hear the gunfire
Absolutely.
It’s a bad name for the bill, those things don’t silence like in the movies, but still we have zero good use for them. Use ear protection.
Hopefully your fury is directed towards the despicable shooter
So am I. I don’t understand how people can still justify the gun culture
So are the citizens
Its not him personally, and we did modify the law in ct after that.It's the lack of the gop majority to pass laws!
We're fighting a law that was written when the best rifle could only shoot twice a minute. I believe in the second, but it's time 4 change
Term limits for all of them.that includes to supreme court judges. Tired of a stacked deck
I don't believe that.if we don't speak up how will they represent us?I hate politics, but this admin had forced me to speak up & be involved
I'm beginning to wonder if Washington politicians are interested in protecting us at all. That's very disturbing.
My money ep federal credit union.
In the Tresuery
2 set limits (real ones) on lobbyists & access of specl intrsts--across the board. 
NRA&gun mfgrs make gun law. Polluters set env. laws.
Pepeles in the bus.

You are such a strong and brave vet
w/ all respect when America accepted that 20 kids +6 teachers could be  murdered and Congress do nothing, there is no bottom to this  well.
all the while NRA/GOP insanely advocate that if those victims had carried guns their tragedies would not happen - sinful shameful barbaric
Democrats:"we need our supporters to fight in the streets",silence on #ANTIFA, silence on Antioch shooting."Give up your guns Republicans"
Blood on your hands for not pushing harder for better gun laws. I blame the republicans and NRA, but you too are to blame for this.
@foxnews @cnn if only dems were allow guns for their body guards America would be so much safer! Liberals greatest fantasy!
Why cause u realize no matter wat law u pass to screw legal gun owner. There will always be scumbags to break those laws.
So am I- that you and your Democrat cohorts are politicizing this tragedy. Let the families grieve and bury their dead.
Thank you, Senator.
How would you have prevented this?
What type of legislation would be effective.  I think something could be done but what would work?  Thanx for your work.
u r not alone in those feelings. Let's shed more love & light in this darkness while seriously troubleshooting mental health & gun issues.
This is e.x.a.c.t.l.y how I feel.
Furious enough to campaign for stricter gun controls?
So what are you and the rest of our toothless politicians going to? Nothing, as usual. 
As a US Senator, what do you plan on doing about this?
You have the power to bring change use it.
I am too Senator!  It's time to get the NRA out of our government!!
Your colleagues did nothing after VTech,sandy hook, pulse, San Bernardino they are piling up the # of blood on their hands!
Come on Blumenthal, politicize this one. That's what you do best rather than lead.
How do Connecticut common man people put up with you?
DO SOMETHING
Me too
Read the 2nd Amendment carefully.   Its written in context of defense of a nation.  These acts and weapons have no place in civil society.
Stop making this political Blumenthal
Ask you GOP colleagues to mull over this fact. 1 armed man in 10min injured/killed more people(586) than there are members of congress(535)
Congress needs to step up & do something NOW!!!
Second amendment was done when citizens carried muskets, not what this killer used. What is wrong with Congress? And now silencers?
Time to stop talking and starting doing.  We can beat the NRA and get guns out of the hands of children, psychopaths and neo-nazis.
Aaaand.. you have the POWER to turn that anger... into action.  Take weapons of war off the streets of America.... get it done.
It's more than sorrowful, it's horrifying and we need for people to act responsibly instead of this fear of losing something. What's life?
I didn't realize YOUR wealth, ability to support yourself and healthcare were taken from you too....  Oh please.  Marginal my ass
Somebody tell me if Blumenthal has screwed himself into the ground yet
I'm angry too but NOTHING EVER CHANGES!
Oh now you're Furious Blumenthal are you really really Furious are you off whirling dervish?
About? Gun control doesn’t stop this DICK
Why?
I was caught up in it. The emergency room was a nightmare
Me too
Yeah I’m sure all the Vietnam veterans who served in Vietnam or furious at you about lying about serving in Vietnam
Me too with stupid comments like yours
Mine too, at the idea that you know better than I what I can use to protect me and mine.
Same thing goes for opioids, those have been killing blacks since Vietnam. Never an epidemic then, but once white kids die, it’s a problem
You pander to minorities yet you don’t care when they die. Over 500 murders in Chicago this year, mostly guns and mostly black.
It's going to keep happening until we stand up to gun lobbyists and GOP -
Look at Chicago, over 500 deaths so far this year mostly guns. Why doesn’t your party ever talk about that?

Me too.
So maybe it’s time to have a discussion on the lack of mental health care in our nation!
Me too #EnoughIsEnough
We have gone so far backwards. Not good defense of the theory of evolution.
Life is dangerous. Living in the USA is no promise of safety.
I'm fed up.
Mr Blumenthal, you work hard for the people of CT. Thank you for this. Tell us what we can do to help
So are most Americans. We know our CT representation will fight for this. NRA is a mighty opponent but so is healthcare lobby & they lost.
You have to find a way to remove Trump and his regime. OUR country is spiraling out of control.
So are MANY of us FURIOUS!!!!!!! The NRA has the republicans by the balls due to financial donations to private GOP pockets.
Most of us are
Just raised the Military Budget by $1.4 Tril  what is all the rage about ? What do you expect of a nation that is 63% invested in war?
Scary country...
As am I. Furious.
@TheDemocrats love to come out of the woodwork when a tragedy occurs to place the blame on anyone but themselves.What have you done to help?
#secondamendment was guns for  " well regulated militia" We have professionl military so no constitutional reason for guns at all #gunsense
I'm so glad someone finally got angry. Thank you, Senator! We need your anger.
We ALL should be. Outdated gun laws have left us the embarrassing gun crazy country.
Get angry, let's fight these gun nuts.
I thought after Newton Ct gun laws changed?
Then go sit a a corner and stew. Hotheads don't help.
Do something. Make change happen. We as a nation are no longer sad or outraged. We are numb. Those in power must effect change NOW.
You are the odd one out. Most liberals today are thrilled saying they are pleased Trump supporters were killed.
I am, too. Every new incident dishonors the losses and survivors of earlier events and creates victims of preventable tragedies.
all the while NRA/GOP insanely advocate that if those victims had carried guns their tragedies would not happen - sinful shameful barbaric
So are we! Especially when the media decides to go goo goo over a scripted 45 response that never mentions the word gun or domestic terrorist.
As a CT resident and teacher, memories of that fatal day in #Newtown are ever present. What will it take to walk away from the NRA?
You have every right, Senator. The @NRA could help prevent shoootings, but they value the profits of manufactures over lives of Americans
Furious about what? Your time in Vietnam?
This needs to get out to the public ASAP - story line is bogus! Video caught the shots coming from the 4th floor! https://www.facebook.com/mrskellyguy/posts/10155780117754850 …
Thank you! time to act @SpeakerRyan @GOPHouse no more automatic, no silencers, no $$ bloody NRA, background checks, electronic database !
Autos have been regulated since 1934, Suppressors are not silent, NRA gets money from the Citizens, Background check are fed law already
#voteblue
Yes, as am I but don't start this gun control shit!
I'm with you. 
This Newtown teacher is http://too.today  IS a day for action, not just thoughts&prayers. Thank u for all you've tried to do
I hate fucking trolls
Do something. You are in position to DO SOMETHING
They tried. It's a Republican majority.
Honestly believe that the GOP will not act Sen Blumenthal until victims families start suing the Federal Government for not protecting them.
So are we. Thoughts and prayers aren't doing a damn thing.
What do you propose we do?
we need gun laws and trump & co out.
You have had years and did nothing
He’s been black chef by the GOP-who is owned by the NRA.
Stay angry. We need you.
He needs US to get and stay angry, too.
