The democrats cannot stop the confirmation of Gorsuch. The Republicans need only use the tool the democrats put in place. Right Senator.
once again - YOU ARE WRONG - no potential Justice should sy whether they meet a litmus test - that is INSULTING - /1
women's HC is key to their economic freedom, make that freedom from second class position in society
why - how truly misogynistic of you ... key to my economic freedom was my brains and hard work -
today u r correct but not historically. Parts of GOP want to return women to previous legal status
Really who
@Cat8lives thank you for thinking about women's rights  #WomensRights
what about the rights of human embryos to be born?  Life begins @ conception.
women's rights over all. Period thy end. Not talking about any one thing. No 1 Busi but their own
he is crystal clear #GorsuchHearing . r u being obrtuse or have nothing better2 hang ur forgone no vote on?
2b clear, a lot more personal integrity than claiming 2b in country when he wasnt. #GorsuchHearing r clear. #confirmgorsuch
liar n scare tactics! Lefty dem only care about votes, not health of any working Americans!
bama care proved that!
What you have to say means nothing to the American people. You are a liar, an obstructionist, and a divider. Time to retire!!
You're on the judiciary committee, and you think he should answer this question?! #independentjudiciary #scotus
, please ask judge if it was okay for Attorney General Lynch tomeet with former President Bill Clinton in private jet?
Supreme Court overruled Gorsuch on education & now he says he will "Follow the Law". Will he "Follow the Law" of RoeVwade?
Keep fighting the good fight, Senator. I'm so proud that you represent me.
You know better than that. Do coaches other than Bellichek ask refs to rule for their team? Judge #Gorsuch shows integrity.
No he doesn't! You're bias is showing once again, Dick! Gorsuch is 100 times lawyer than any Dem hit squad lawyer on com!
70%of black babies are aborted yet you dont call it genocide?Certainly,MargaretSanger&other Eugenicists recognized it as such
A fetus can feel pain at 21 weeks,yet you will not change this barbaric law to be more humane.
BS.Maybe when we get audio&photos in the womb,so you can see&hear the fetus scream,as it is burned&ripped apart u will change
You failed a litmus test of service to our country. Resign, liar and coward.
Don't forget Gorsuch will make seniors eat dig food. Old tired playbook, stop following Broc and Soros orders , represent Ct.
Gorsuch would like to describe your litmus test for confirmation 
https://youtu.be/ZURHD5BU1o8 
what years did you serve in Vietnam?
no dicky its unethical for a scotus nominee or any judge to comment on any topic that may be pending or impending #ethics
hope you agree with @SenSchumer to delay approval of this judge while Trump is under investigation.
See if you can get Franken to put on a clown hat or do a SNL skit. Better than the pathetic words from you or Feinstein.
nodded in agreement. Same here. You have nothing on Judge Gorsuch. But, like cowards, you can't admit it.Get Chuck to cry
please vote NO, he does NOT deserve the seat!
block him! #russia
By "women's health" do you mean abortion?
Richard, please demand a special prosecutor for Trump-Russia before you consider this nominee.
You cannot allow a POTUS whose campaign is under investigation for colluding with an enemy to fill a lifetime SCOTUS seat.
So calling Mr Gorsuch an "elephant in the room" made you feel better?  OK, baboon #StoleValor
What about the  health of women in the womb Senator. Defenseless women that you do nothing to protect.
the women could always marry rich like you.
It's only fair that Antonin, who died an early death, be replaced with near identical judge. Gorsuch fits that bill.
#ConfirmGorsuch
Get over the pandering - there is no litmus test. Gorsuch said so and more today. You should listen more, broadcast less.
based on the Hobby Lobby case alone #VoteNoOnGorsuch
block him.
You say progress, but not everyone feels that way about the killing of human beings. We say digression of morals and values.
I agree with Lisa. Progress is a fancy word for murder.
And, you can't have an illegitimate president nominate a position this important
please don't vote for him. Watched his bit with Al Franken. Clearly has no empathy. Can't imagine why he's even be considered
this is a stolen seat... he shouldn't even be considered!
it would be great if #GorsuchHearing #gorsuch would answer any question directly, he bounces around every one. #frustrating
There are many things tht judges can't ethnically or legally comment on.These are the highest judges in the land
xx. I would like to be proud of u so please mind your manners and don't be stupid with Gorsuch CTis a mess take care of it
ridiculous statement. Gorsuch needs to follow the law. Which is what you should expect out of him. Not bend law for politics
#delaygorsuchvote
decades of murdered babies is at stake #SCOTUS #abortionismurder
This is extraneous. Nothing should move forward while investigations are underway, and a special commission is still needed.
No more confirmations until FBI investigation of Trump is finished. Hopefully that will be the end of Trump & this nightmare.
oh yeah - AND TRY , on occasion to use that law degree to think rationally - I know your PARTISAN lemming side is in charge
Ask rather - Will a SCOTUS candidate uphold the duly passed laws of the land & recognize established PRECEDENT /2
you are the real moral hazard putting illegal aliens ahead of citizens you self proclaimed war hero.Who are you to judge?
Thank you for your voice, I am from CT. Do everything in your power to stop this man. I feel helpless, you are our voice.
I would hazard that women' rights are at stake like Joan of Arc was, by gosh.
Exactly right Senator.
Please do not acquiesce to the theft of SCOTUS seat. Dems must filibuster regardless of outcome.
you don't need to remind dick  to obstruct.  You shave too close and took part of your brain.  Go SAD.
