You need to remInd Blumenthal of we heard in 09." WE HAVE TO PASS THE BILL TO FIND OUT WHAT IS IN IT"
They should know secret.  After all, Dems had to pass Obama Care in order to find out what was in it.  Legislative grab bag.
Please use amendments and any other means available to stall the debate and vote on AHCA. This legislation is bad for our citizens.
One article says it's too secret, another says it will cut taxes for the rich, kill all Americans. How do u know what it does if it's secret
So did OBAMACARE- did you ever read it all the way through - nope because your exempt from it - tell us what u pay for Ins plus ur Medicare
If this bill is gonna be so great why is the GOP hiding it
Same reason perhaps as Pelosi saying "you have to pass it to know what's in it" referring to Obamacare.
At least with obamacare gop and Democrats worked on it in the open
Big deal. Still had to be passed to know what was in it.
Nope, cause normally a bill like would be distributed through the senate, and of course it'll get leaked to the media
This is so frightening. Anyone else watching House of Cards. Game show host is 45 in USA. Are they pulling Frank Underwood?
You live in an alternate fantasy. You lost the election...lol
... u r a fool... GOP making it so even you supporters don't have a say...
More like "disgraceful"
You voted for Obamacare! You own Obamacare! Why didn't you fix it???
smart move.. the dems said they would not support it, so why show them
U r wasting tax payer money in BS/ we do not care of u r investigating   do not say the American ppl want to know
We want jobs    lower taxe
unlike when the Dems passed #Obamacare, hypocrite!
Did he say "we should be working together"?? What a joke. Dems are only interested in working with themselves to undermine & destroy Trump.
Authoritarian countries do this, no transparency and don't give people a say!
I guess saying " we have to pass it to see what is in it" is real transparency.
This slimy creature campaigned on fighting as a Marine in Nam, spent his reserve time on a bar stool at GeorgeTown.#StolenValor
Oh, how easily they forget that we need pass it to read it from Pelosi. Hypocrites on the left.
Like you have to pass it to see what's in it?
There's only one reason to keep it secret... if people know about it they will hate it... it's so undemocratic and it makes GOP cowards...
Talk to Pelosi and know why.
Well, the last one had to be passed so we could find out what was in it. @NancyPelosi
B.S. Gop had plenty of time and ammendments! Stop listening to alt right talk!
No they didn't , everything the tried was shot down,
it's called authoritarianism.

#RUSSIAFLFUNDS #MOBTIES #BAYROCK #FELEXSTATER #TRUMPIMPEACHMENT: Obstruction, Dereliction of duty, Money Laundering. Trump will go to jail. 
"We have to pass the Bill so that you can find out what is in it" Nancy Pelosi.
Thank you for your "secret" service in Vietnam.
U can't have any mercy 4 GOP...they r pure destruction...&now they r doing tax cuts in secret too! Seems McConnell has mastered obstruction!
Blumenthal is a damn joke! he just loves to stir up crap to be noticed but he's no good for the country. vote him out!
So says u coming from a deceiver
Once again Blumenthal says something stupid
I want single payer... so upset we're are in other direction!
Cannot believe people are voting against their own interests knowing that republicans are going to kill them with their health insurance!
no if it was a secret then the democrats would have nothing to lie about
And Trump wonders why we don't believe anything he says
It's time you actually accomplished something for the people of CT and the nation.  The term "empty suit" comes to mind. CT voters wake up!!
Still fighting the war he never was in.
This guy should work for MSNBC!  Perfect fit!
Kind of like hiding your military record from voters?
@SenBlumenthal like your secret service in the military?
Why didn't  you tell Nancy  Pelosi  that  duing  ACA, have  you fogotten so soon?
Simple. You wont have to buy insurance. But we must treat you in the emergency room after your accident. Then we pay more to cover your bill
Trumpcare will be a failure and destroy the Republican party.
https://www.c-span.org/video/?292260-1/white-house-health-care-summit-part-1 …  This is how a REAL PRESIDENT ACTS...
Couldn't possibly be more secretive than nobamacare!  Pass before you find out whats in it...
DICK loves seeing himself
Mr Photo Op. What a lightweight.
So very in - American. How is this even legal?
WE HAVE TO PASS IT TO SEE WHAT'S IN IT!!! SERIOUSLY....
Richie stop grandstanding and fix Connecticut ! Stop your partisanship
R's r pulling 90's era "Hillary" w/this healthcare bill. Doors should b open. We've already experienced a "pass it to see what's in it" scam
Your vote on it is no secret.
I guess having to pass a bill to see what is in it is different? How stupid can he be?
yup Corrupted Fascist Dictatorship.
U R a proven liar  stop fooling the citizens GE gone Aetna going jobs tax base leaving
Remember you must vote for it too find out what is in it
You have to vote for it if you want to find out what's in it.....
Do these words mean anything. You have to pass it. Before we know what's in it.
No secret Hoover could have written this bill . Pull up your boot straps  America. Tom Coburn revealed it
Why is he opposed to it if he hasn't even seen it? Is he that narrow minded?
Yes
Republicans are destroying democracy with their secret bills & govt. Our founders are betrayed by this secrecy @thehill @CNN @FoxNews @ABC
Eat Crow , after the way you jerks passed Obamacare without even reading it now your crying ? Grow up !
He knows how to do the secrecy business really well!! Doesn't he think the repubs learned anything from the dems!!!
Lol, learned everything from you Dims. Pass so you can read it!
Have you completely forgotten Obamas ACA? How many Republicans were allowed to review and debate it?
Nancy Pelosi in refernce to Obama's AHA: "You have to pass it to see what's in it." Stop the hypocrisy, Blumenthal.
This is a man who has experience with secrets (i.e. Viet Nam service)
He tweets everything... You lost the election...lol
Shame on the entire republican congress and that one sitting in the WH too
What about "you have to pass it to know what's in it?" Remember Pelosi saying that about Obamacare?
this administration seems to have created their own dictionary!  they have a new meaning for everything.
Kinda like Hillary and Obama, huh?
No one saw Obamacare...we have to pass it to see what's in it. Obamacare is failing so we need something & Reps expected to come through.
Lol. We won't know what's in it til we pass it. U r a joke
Blumenthal opposing something he claims is a secret.. inside their bubble this sounds like it makes sense.
Kinda like, "you have to pass it to know what's in it." Pelosi on Obamacare.
Secrecy, like 33,000 counts of destruction of federal records? #HillaryClinton
Democrats invented new ways of passing laws.  Can't blame GOP for using same methods.
They wouldn't do anything to hurt their voters and expect to get re-elected would they?
America we are being violated by trump and GOP. While they pit US against each other,  they secretly try and pass laws to DEVASTATE America
Yeah, all they can make me think is Pay-back's a bit*h when the winds change direction, & mother nature always makes sure the winds change.
Remember that when you have no healthcare and environment protection... & all $ will go to king trump and the rest of us will suffer for it!
Right now, who really cares. No matt er what senate doea, it has to go back to house. Does no one watch "schoolhouse rocks "  the bill song?
Trump& REPUBLICANS have taken secrecy to new levels.Even the government depts.won't give out info.WE THE TAX PAYERS PAY 4 THIS INFO. BS
Gotta pay taxes first ;D
I wonder why he didn't say that in 09? And I wonder why MSNBC isn't calling out dem hypocrisy?
Which health care bill? The 'affordable' care act? The one you had to pass in order to see what was in it? That one?
@MSNBC @SenBlumenthal @NancyPelosi #have to pass it to read it #did you conveniently forget
Did you conveniently omit the entire paragraph long quote?
Dems will reciprocate count on it
Americans feel bamboozled mistreated and sick and tired of these shanagans. GOP putting the screws to us will ultimately screw themselves
Keep dreaming...you lost the election...lol
It's really despicable. @McConnellPress and his staff should really be ashamed.
Lock them up. Murders.
And you lost the election...lol
You gotta pass,it to see it pelosi said
Secrecy in this case means hidden from light & facts.
Secrecy is only way theft of Americans earned tax funds possible.
#CountryClubTaxBoon
Kinda like Obama and Hillary, huh?
New meaning to INDECENCY!
coming from a serial liar
What a Jackass would say?
Nice. You make me proud to call myself a Texan.
sarcasm?
If the @GOP really wanted to fix healthcare, they'd debate it, not hide it.
Pelosi: "you have to pass it to know what's in it" referring to Obama care. Did you conveniently forget that?
For the first time, @GOP is doing something right & we are proud of them.
No drama
