We must end the cruel chaos that Trump’s #DACA decision has sown - and act now to keep our promise to DREAMers.
Americans overwhelmingly want to help DREAMers. My GOP colleagues should reject White House divisiveness & join Democrats to pass DREAM Act.
Um, I’m pretty sure the party of Harvey Weinstein should stay out of the values discussion.
Trump doesn't realize his grandparents were immigrants & without them Trump wouldn't resist & Melanis wouldn't be in the US!!! 
My Grandparents did it legally therefor my parents weren't dreamers. They didn't jeopardize their children. Do it right!
Tell that to the parents of the SC girl just found murdered in woods by that one of your 'dreamers'. More like worst nightmare.
That was horrible Ma'am but should we judge the actions of one horrible person and assign that to a whole population...wait?
No never said that. On same token, let's not insinuate that all 'dreamers' r babes-in-arms or contributing members 2 our nation.
That can be said for some of us Americans as well Ma'am. Crime isn't unique to one particular culture.
But why must we tolerate IMPORTED crime?  No, we have enough of our own homegrown criminals. Deport the criminal DACAs 4 good!
Crime is crime.
Tell that to the parents of Diana Martinez-Gonzalez
I'm all for immigration reform and in light of this unfortunate incident children under DACA shouldn't be deported just because.
Good job senator
No he is not doing a good job in my opinion
Trumps entire regime is a slap.in the face to this entire country! Please help to Get him out!
Please don't insult my President. Respect the office please
your president? not sure that is true nor is such a comment disrespectful to the office.
Sandra's a 4 friend troll. Probably speaks Russian better than English.
Dreamers cane to the USA illegally therefore it is unconstitutional
The dreamers are the ex middle class who wonder how they will live out their senior years....
If I snuck into a country club paid for my drinks didn't dive into the shallow end of the pool would they have the right to throw me out?
No it's not.
Price of obeying the law! But that's Congress job to follow the Constitution! And @realDonaldTrump Job to enforce the Laws/Constitution!
Glad WeThePpl have at lease one branch of government doing this job! Go @realDonaldTrump!
Youre an affront to intelligent people everywhere
Most, if not all, of these "demands" have nothing to do with "Dreamers"
Do not agree to a single penny for an obsolete wall that will cost hundreds of millions a year to maintain & no merit based system
Who do you represent, dreamers or citizens???

I am offended by your use of the term, "dreamers". It implies that you  cannot have your dreams unless you enter the country illegally.
Shut up lier you can't be trusted.
Dreamers are a slap in every American's face!
Same way it a “slap” on the face of US citizens’ by refusing for money for wall to secure our country & homes from terrorists and criminals.
Dreamers aren’t citizens! If they don’t like it go back where they came from!
tRump has been inconsistent in his support for DACA. The Dreamers Act SHOULD be passed ASAP. These individuals need permanency.
Illegal is Illegal. Follow the Rule of Law
#americanvalues are for #americancitizens, not #illegalaliens.
Good
So they aren't supposed to be here
So are you saying you didn’t vote for the wall in 2008 and you don’t want to overhaul the visa program why not?????
No it's only a slap in the face 4 Your VOTES! That's all that matters to U not the People of this Country! U lied about serving in Vietnam
todaysdreamers come here for all the free stuff! Provided for by dems, on backs of real American taxpayers! All for votes
Jews are a slap in the face of White people and an affront to those who don't want to turn America into another Mexico.
Do you offer any solutions or just jumping on the bandwagon of hate? Just wondering..
Trump is doing a fantastic job! And Americans are so damn proud!
I can imagine you rocking back and forth, head in hands, repeating that for hours a day. Delusional.
Hardly snowflake.. Blumenthal is a liberal idiot.. only concerned about his slush fund and gravy train and illegals votes to stay in power
And Trump is a "f**cking moron", if you believe his current pick for Secretary of State. In no way is he doing a great job. Delusional.
And he's on his way out!..."you're fired!"
And you seem proud about that, and parrot a TV catchphrase. Laughable.

Trump is ignoramus moron w his harem if illegal Russian models all kept quiet.He’s working for ww3 w NK. We all see it.Congress stop him now
Blumey...You don't get to decide what values make America Great.
What values make illegals legal & no federal recognition for all American Indian tribes is what ! 
Trump's proposals are very reasonable
What about Puerto Rico the Dreamers are okay for now. But Puerto Ricans are 6 bottles of water per family. Come on Senator Blumenthal.
https://twitter.com/SenBlumenthal/status/917512091346653184 … & u might want to read his other tweets on his trip to PR then apologize
Essential food, water, and medicine failing to reach people in Puerto Rico - the Governor now acknowledging critical issues.
Why would I apologize for asking for help for fellow Americans? I'm a concern constituent.This shouldn't be happening period.
Yes, I can see that you r rightly concerned. Sometimes 140 characters gets misinterpreted. That seems like the case here & I apologize.
Thank you.
I absolutely support the Dreamers. These idiotic Trump supporters don't realize immigrants add to our economy.
YOU are a slap in the face to America!
We are a nation of laws and you are a representative of a country of laws....is that so hard to comprehend?
Stay strong and persist
he is prepared to debase the alleged values of the country to adopt a negotiating position. That is uniquely sleazy.
You voted for most of those demands a few years ago when the immigration bill passed the senate.  Was that a slap in the face too?
Your opinion not the American people's
American's wish you would just shut up. Contribute your taxpayer funded salary to these illegals why don't you? you stole valor
Democrats and values is an oxymoron.
No doubt. You are running for President. On Twitter as much as POTUS.
Try bringing a positive solution instead of a continuing barrier.
Go away
No it's not taxpayers have been bilked to the tune of 113 billion a year for the cost of illegal aliens, that you guys did nothing about.
You don't even lie well. Immigrants add to the economy.
Breaking our LAWS are a slap in the face to AMERICAN CITIZENS who YOU REPRESENT . Breaking the law does not come w/GET OUT OF JAIL FREE card
wahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
This has the Nazi-in-residence hands all over it. Steven Miller needs to leave. General Kelly needs to do something about him.
What about the American middle class taxpayers who are footing the bill and being forced to step aside to allow these illegals preference?
Keep it up!  You and Chris are the best.  Small state great representation.
Illegals are a slap in the face to ALL legal citizens. Democrats Suck
They or their parents break our laws but it’s an affront and slap to them? Seriously?
#TheVictimsParty new motto, there will be a chicken in every illegal immigrants pot and the working class taxpayers are going to pay for it!
It's extortion
It's a win win for both sides. American citizens want secured border and dreamers want to stay. Why wouldn't Dems agree
Maybe they should have came here legally
Track @Kia u clients only from Mexico  ©®™ U cant race @NASCAR let what u smoke out Taiwan  b real @POTUS @POTUS44 boy cigarettes
And illeagal immigrants are a slap in the face to Citizens.
Americans want border security. Never has been a serious subject with Democrats. Hence the problem you created. Live with it. Build Wall!
This reveals the truth behind your DACA support.!You would be willing tocompromise with Trump if you were serious aboutsupporting dreamers
Well it's a slap in the face for the Americans that some of these dreamers have murdered or have robbed
Please explain...
HOW is this NOT holding lives for Ransom?
Or at least Blackmail?
Which I think used to be illegal?
45s admin should slap each other in the face until intelligent ppl @GOP grow a pair & take responsibility to protect our country & citizens.
They are liars and Hippocrates. You should know that by now. Time to get back at it please.
Work with President Trump on building the wall and he will help with the dreamers. It sounds like a Avery good compromise! Action less talk!
LMAO....spoken like a true progressive DC Elitist!! Go away Rich....
And so why do nothing but talk isn't it treason to undermine our country laws and constitution?
You would hope he learned that in law school plus he  swore in to uphold the Constitution of the United States as a Congressman I guess not.
"Trump admin’s list of immigration demands is a slap in the face to DREAMers and an affront to the values that make America great."
-RB
President Trump is willing to compromise ! Many other loud voices for dreamers are hypocrites! They would work for compromise if they cared!
As a Senator u leave behind a disastrous example(not a legacy.)In the end who will remember ur idiocy
This tweet is a slap in the face to U.S. citizens.
Want a crock! Since when is adhering to existing immigration law a slap in he face?  CT deserves better senators.
America must control our borders like everyone else on the Planet. Giving America's wealth away must stop. It is destroying our legacy.
Do your job and negotiate! Your inaction has caused this action sir. If anyone was slapped, it's senators who've collected $ doing nothing.
The immigration list makes total sense! To make America great you must put Americans first!Dems always want it their way! You guys lost#MAGA
Baloney!
It’s simple.   A wall.  Tight border security.  Laws which are followed.  Then we can solve DACA.     What is wrong with you, Senator?
You are a slap in every American's face!
What about the true DREAMERS, the American Youth?
Senator, if Congress doesn't shut these drums of war down ASAP nothing else will matter.
You just can't get re-elected, that's why ur whining. #Lawless(D)
Okay to slap the face of Americans? We voted 4 Trump respect it or get out or we the ppl will vote u out
This is what they want is so many words
And yet, strangely sensible to most Americans.
Securing the borders would certainly cut down on drugs entering . Are you ok with drug smugglers?
Securing the borders would certainly cut down on international sex trafficking. Are you ok with sex trafficking?
Illegal immigration goes hand and hand with human trafficking, you know what you spoke about earlier today. We need to enforce our laws.

Laws
Every single policy by Trump and Admin is an affront to American values. He's endangering lives of millions w/o justification. #ImpeachNOW
You sound like another brainwashed left-wing liberal! With no common sense and indoctrinated by CNN, MSM. All nations are against NKThreats.
Haven't seen the list, but would Melanija Knavs been allowed immigrate??
You need to re-read  the constitution.  You are a liar anyway

We made no promises...OBama did.  Your partisanship is a slap in the face to the people who are paying the price.
... WTF is a Dreamer ???
A fancy name for illegal
We America NEED you all to stand up to Trump.
We Americans that loves our country will Stand Up FOR Trump!! MAGA!!!
Not enforcing our immigration laws and putting us in this position is a slap in the face and an affront to taxpayers and LEGAL immigrants.
U not wanting to build a wall for our border and letting people suffer because of Obamacare is a slap in the face to our country
