Sen. Blumenthal: As a former prosecutor, my reaction was, “these emails are a textbook example and evidence of criminal intent” 
Meeting w/Russian lawyer signaled Trump campaign was open for business and ready to accept dirt on opponent - no matter how it was obtained.
As investigation intensifies, it's more vital than ever that Mueller has the resources and support to follow evidence wherever it leads.
Self confessed willingness to conspire & collude with foreign power to subvert political opponent in US. This is clear conspiracy/collusion.
What law was broken?
Don't know if any law was broken but will leave to lawyers. Know that Russia tried to influence election. Think it is moral or ethical?
I know every county including ours tries to influence elections. It is nothing new are we going to stop doing it?
You ok with Russia hacking into politicians servers & systems poll book software were attacked? Saying "everybody does it juest will not do
It is not a good practice, but why can we do it without any repercussions, then spend millions of tax payer money for some useless show
Go FOX yourself !!!
Last month u played Henny Penny saying the sky is falling by suggesting that we were in a Constitutional Crisis - can't believe a word u say
Ahhh okay! Grow up! The @HillaryClinton campaign was actively digging for dirt on @realDonaldTrump as well! Politics is a dirty business!
Go FOX yourself !!!
Ha!!! You're clever!!!

Go FOX yourself !!!
Stop your hyperbole   & lying 
Espionage Act? What DJTjr did is NOT "espionage" What Hillary campaign did sure may be espionage.
donny boy, jr. is a freaking TRAITOR to OUR Great United States of America !!
Never said she was an AGENT and never knew WHO she was. YOUR fault she was even IN THE USA
Go FOX yourself !!!
Get over it already. Cut spending and balance our budget here in Ct!
Richard, everything leads back to Dems, you should help #MAGA God knows #Connecticut needs to #MCGA it's sad to see the decline.
You suggested espionage re: Trump Jr.  omg...hysteria!  Yes, hang him like the US executed spies during the Cold War...get a grip Senator!
Donald Trump Jr did nothing illegal
So ridiculous. You really can't help yourself, can you? Maybe time for you to retire. #MAGA
what's wrong with information? would you have gone after Woodward/Bernstein?
She was a lawyer. Not an agent of the Russian government. Can Democrats ever tell the truth?
Can you spell Hypocrite. No prob with Secretary of State destroying 1,000 of emails computers, phones . Makes you go hmmmm.
Senator Blumenthal how do you hold DTJr. &  Kushner accountable. ie. remove their security clearances & be prosecuted. @Michael36776349
You have been wrong for 8 months. All false stories. About time you start working for people of Ct. instead of media matters
@HillaryClinton wiped server and smashed phones, @DonaldJTrumpJr shows emails to world. I applaud the transparency. #MAGA
Criminal intent of what?
as explained in the video, to violate various federal laws
You and Democrats putting your  obstructionist agenda before the will of the American people

liberal  morons
I love it how you think this somehow validates your failed candidate & policies. You truly are worthless
So Dick what laws have been broken?  You afraid they will find the truth about crooked Hillary
Before you have "criminal intent", you have to have criminal acts.  There aren't any, and you know it.
Nah, these assholes would never do anything illegal w russia..Right?? Its so sad and pathetic the 45's crew of crooks N Criminals
@CNNSitRoom I know a few criminals you could have put away but chose not to, lois lerner, eric holder, hillary, al sharpton
@CNNSitRoom he may have expected, but got the same thing obama gave us, the shaft
Are you investigating Obama's collusion w/ & solicitation of Russia to help him w/ re-election? Support @POTUS
Q: When @SenJohnMcCain spent days soliciting dirt from foreign national on Pres Trump, did McCain exclaim: "I love it"? Support @POTUS
Are you really that gullible Bloomie...go fix your own state...its a mess
Clear ???   Really???....just because you want it to be that....doesnt mean that it is
So???
If there's dirt what's wrong with digging it up. Isn't that what u do for a living?
I love it!  Now we get to see Seniors love for family as he hangs his son out to dry!
You're making us residents of CT very proud. Keep up the persistence with @ChrisMurphyCT down in DC!
Does anyone remember your stolen valor
#HillaryUkraine
Sue him Dicky Sue him!!! Jerk
I know a former Gov. Of Illinois who got locked up for years for doing less...
Now your a mind reader. Aetna GE gone with jobs and tax base. Jr on Hanity 10pm fox  where's Clinton podesta millions Russia
Why do you love it?  That's weird. This is why Hillary and dems lost? This means NOTHING. No one cares except the scorned.
She was an attorney Dick, she was an agent of the Russian govt.
MAGA = Missing America Given Away   (via T and minions)
Now what's going to happen? Will both father and son be impeached for having Russia rig the voting polls
No. If Russia did anything during the election Obama was president. It was under his watch.
So what?
Thank you Sen. Please stay strong for our country and do NOT let GOP obstruct these investigations! Thanks!
This article is from 1 day before the meeting on June 9. A few days after the emails:
As it intensifies it's also going viral. People are angry.
Impeach !!!!!
