@omearan
Funny. Dems certainly celebrated when Reid  & Kaine suggested same thing when they thought 2016 was in the bag.
What has driven this entire phenomenon? The right completely abandoning a commitment to truth & stoking baseless rage via radio & internet.
Ever since the early 90s, the right has withdrawn into its own fact-free bubble & has driven our politics to extremism. Ds haven't changed.
Not really. They constantly find themselves reacting to ever more extreme intransigence and hatred from the right. The engine of all this...
You might try switching to decaf.
Hey... Remember when the left thought Obama's catchphrase "win an election" was a cute way to say "F U"?
The only one damaging
Not for you NUMNUTS!
They are pure evil. They think it is a win, but actually it is a lose lose for them. Cheated another one in.
Is anyone wondering why they are so desperate to get  him in? They could of easily nominated another and skipped the circus side show.
This was asked in @NPR when the question of dark $ came up $17million approx. for his confirmation hearings campaign
DISGUSTING
Funny how politics causes long term memory loss.
Cowardice sometimes takes the form of aggression, as here.
Thanks for this comment. Many informed readers see this as destructive.
They should be ashamed!
Dems only have themselves to blame.
How are they allowed to change the rules?
Karma...Democrats were the first one to use the nuclear option
Really? You all did it in 2013! Hypocrite!
Is that how u felt when Harry Reid did the same thing on everything but SCOTUS votes? Tell the truth, shame the Devil.

Bullcrap! Get a grip!
Seems you are out of sequence.
Who created this?  Your pal Reid..so stop complaining.
take those sour grapes and make yourself some bitter wine.  Democrats acted shamefully on Gorsuch.
Republicans started this last year by refusing to do thimerosal job.
History being made ...support potus Donald J Trump & quit being an obstructionist ! Praying for potus & the USA ! 
So did 63 MM Americans!!! Thank God
Though I am a democrat I disagree. Filibuster a tool for minority obstruction not democracy.
where were you when the dems changed the rules? Your hypocrisy stinks.
And that in a nutshell is the republican party.  #NuclearOption
You have no idea what ur talking about. Reid trashed the rules Years ago, GOP just took the last step.
THEY did it. Push back. A HYPOCRIT = L I A R.....
I guess the Democrats should not of created the nuclear option to begin with. Can you say backfire!
You might want to review why the nuclear option was required. @SenateGOP completely refused to work with Obama.
sound familiar!
Richard Blumenthal Apologizes for Exaggerating Military Service http://www.cbsnews.com/news/richard-blumenthal-apologizes-for-exaggerating-military-service …
GOP giddy with power money, government,ideology & think they are invincible. All power&all they can do is fortify themselves&nothing forUS
And did you feel this same way when your former peer HARRY REID did the exact same thing in 2013?   Yea...... I didn't think so!
Waaaaaaaaaaa I didnt get my way waaaaaaaaa we lost one for progressives waaaaaaaa
Gee Dick, show us your tweet objecting when Reid & Kaine suggested same move when they thought 2016 was in the bag. #gorsuch
I agree, no cause for celebration.  But the Dems should be equally disgusted with themselves for forcing the GOP hands on this.
True they don't want a fair appointment.   Gorsuch should remove himself , but he's a paid puppet.
Darth Strikes Back
Judge Gorsuch is more than deserving of confirmation; the Democrats chose to play politics.
sad but true!
What democracy? And throwing around the word nuclear like its a joke? Scary times
Mitch's high five is a show that his ego is more important than his nation.
It is blocking confirmation of a GREAT judge that is damaging the pillars.   Stop being dam and start doing something constructive
The NEW Senate rules revert to 2003 Senate Rules. Filibuster permission happened in 2003. New Rules now withdraw that permission. Remember?
dont like the taste of your own medecine?
please retire
you are simple liar  Vietnam war veteran
Ds need to learn repubs don't want to govern; want to ram undemocratic tax cuts for rich benefactors
@SenateMajLdr you alway kept your sell out under the table, now it is out in the open, always for the (broken) party #ditchmitch
And they should be ashamed. My gov't has been HIJACKED by an elite group of mostly OLD FAT WHITE MEN. I DECLARE BULLSHIT
fuss and carry on she you don't get your way. Nuclear option is the Senate version of time out. You Dems were put in timeout
Sorry, all you Dems fault. You can't accept the fact Trump won. Can't accept fact Biden rule, Schumer rule, Reid rule. Then,
You should be embarrassed by the actions taken against Judge Gorsuch.
All GOP Senators are not pig slop but McConnell will always be.
None of #45's nominees should be confirmed.they all have a dubious
pass.
hahahaha sweet justice. Reap what you sow Dicky
I'm sick to death of #Dems trying to "be civil" & "work with" #GOP thugs, who jump into scorched-earth mode as soon as they take power.
I will sleep well. The act of resistance for the sake of resistance, even as president elect, gives itself to  anarchy,  stand down.
What are YOU going to do about it, Senator? Play #NevilleChamberlain while #GOP invades Czechoslovakia, Poland, etc?
/s/ A Constituent
Today as an American I am disturbed, utterly disappointed and disoriented.
They don't care.
This is so sad , I am very proud of you Sir for holding your ground on this issue, and always fighting for us , thank you always
The republicans are quickly changing our country and how things are done. They've downplayed healthcare, food for the needy, environment 
Oh, but it is! If the Democratic Party want to take orders from Obama, & play hardball for the next eight years, it's your loss!
Reality check - Your party enacted this in 2013 for all but Supreme Court nominees.    Which is why I'm not a Republican or Democrat.
No GOP stole the seat remember Garland.... left it empty for over a year. Unforgivable
They committed political suicide. Wait until 2017. He wanted to raise his poll numbers of 34%. He saw chance and took it.
*2018 duh....
Now you focus on your Russian Ruse!!! What a joke ?
If Democrats didn't have double standards, they would have no standards at all.

Tough tofu, Dick.

#maga

Do your job and quit obstructing. We are sick and tired of this stuff
In 24 hrs GOP destroys democracy & Trump starts a war. God help us.
Because they see Dems as the enemy, not as colleagues
You voted for the Reid rule Dick, stop with the drama. Your party thought you would never lose the House, Senate, and president.
Face it.  We no longer have a democracy. We are a fascist state.  Our congressmen are our last hope to save America.  Are you up to the job?
You subscribe to the culture of who's right instead of what's right.
Well said!
So sad...
What about in 1974 when the Dems reduced cloture from 2/3 to 3/5th, did that damage our "...pillars of our democracy"?
What about, what about, what about?? Haahahaa
Senator Blumenthal: Please explain how McCain said his GOP colleagues were idiots to do this then followed them?
You reap what you sow...and by the way: the U. S. is NOT a democracy.Perhaps that's why you suck as an elected official:no Consti. knowledge
Stand strong and proud Senator Blumenthal in knowing that you are true American, who did the right thing.
If they ever need #dem cooperation in the future ... fat chance #memoryofanelephant
I think I'm going to be sick.
they treat our country like it's a game to be won.
Then do something about it. Grow a pair. Stand up for the people who put you there and the constitution, which you swore to defend.
To be fair, the Republicans really needed a "win."
Thank u Senator fr standing up for us. And thanks to all Dems who stood up as well Political time is a pendulum. W u, better days are ahead.
The victory will be short lived can't wait till 2018 and 2020 they will regret it and people like Orrin Hatch already know it
And once the shoe is in the other foot? Just opened Pandora's box #ShameOnGOP #GOPBullies #GOPCantAcceptNo @SenateMajLdr @senateGOP
In addition to the nuclear option, they failed to do their jobs for 293 days.  They should all be summarily fired.
Memba......I memba
Our country is divided because Rep. have destroyed our country Rise up resist Karma will come
Mention that to Thom Tillis who seems to ignore his constituents.
It is for them. They anti-democracy & are ushering in the Christian Caliphate with Pence as grand wizard.
Ditto!
Try putting country before party.
you loons did that with dirty harry reid.
very disheartening. If it could, the American flag would weep today.
Nov 2018!
It was sickening to watch just as it was when Trump illegitimately became "president." Gorsuch is no more a judge than Trump is a prez.

Harry Reid, how did that work out for you? Where were you?
I now believe the GOP has NO integrity or commitment to the pillars of our democracy.  2018 is a chance to elect intelligent fair minds.
So sad about this and about the fact that most Americans do not know what a blow this is. Every Supreme Court appointee will be political.
One pillar of democracy is having law abiding judges like Neil Gorsuch on the court.
#gorsuch will forever be known as an illegitimate #SCOTUS for he couldn't get the required vote count like all others before him
start calling them comrades, colleagues is too bourgeois for the likes of them.
#TheResistance THANK YOU for voicing our strong sentiments!
Shameful
But Harry Reid's change didn't damage the pillars of democracy?
The GOP is a disease.  A Stain on America.
So you were similarly upset when Harry Reid when nuclear?

lulz

#maga
Thank you for your fight Senator. CT can be proud of your efforts. 
"Damage the pillars of democracy" ..Says the guy who voted to do precisely the same thing in 2013, & wouldn't permit Gorsuch an up/down vote
Very sad day indeed, Mitch McConnell is going to burn when this is all over.
A sad day for America....hope you all sleep well
Why didn't Schumer or another Dem object because there weren't 67 votes to change the rules and there was no constitutional argument?
The filibuster isn't democracy. It's the very opposite of democracy. Democracy has majority rules. The filibuster stops that.
@Matt4CT thank you for trying, thank you for fighting against them!
You did same thing in 2013. It wasn't damaging then bc the Democrats did it.

Simply put Senator - Go F#*k Yourself 

#NuclearOption
@GOP refused to acknowledge #PresidentObama nomination and then have the audacity to use #NuclearOption DISGUSTING ACTION ofRepublicans!
of the people who voted and put you in your seated position, what a shame for all the democrats inside the Senate. Trump was right, drain
All the democrats like you guys only think of yourselves, the selfish ambitious way of working inside the Senate, not really thinking
Hey Blumey! You're all sleeping on the job! Gorsuch is a swap for Scalia! Piss off the left so what?keep the 60! GOP is a disgrace 2! Cmon
Just because Trump and Trump team picked Judge Gorsuch makes him not qualified, you guys are all insane, democratics are insane, you are!
The democratics are the disgrace! They are the leftists, the liberals and dispicably horrendous and should be thrown all out of their seats!
What's done is done. There's no going back
2017 starts countdown. Many won't last long. Might be hard for some to find other lines of work after being associated with #trumprussia.
Yeah we f$cked Americans! #GOPHighFive
If you don't see why it is then maybe it's time you #retire because the rest of us are tired of waiting for people like you to see it #h5gop
So no Democracy hmm what's next 
As a judge, Neil Gorsuch knows what the nuclear option will mean for our judicial system & should decline the Supreme Court seat.
They also hid confessions + worse tied doctors tied the pattern of threats on the kids hid too, but recorded. Database crime covers w area +
They told WFSB pretend I had relationships to doctors and to mental diagnosis growing up that weren't at all, and with creeps forging names+
Even the #republicans agreed that this was a sad day. But be real... It wouldn't have happened if #dems weren't throwing tantrums.
How these cowards allowed to hide sustained rape threats through time/connected evidence fabrication natures tied police in Weth. +?
They have a Dave Knerr, and have others tied fed crimes on kids w police with prostitution/drugs with worse, post fake cases/lies about me+
Where were you when Harry Reid changed the rules???? #Idiot
I never was arrested for assault in my life. They spread rumors online, hide their sustained threats rape kids/women + recorded not any tell
looks like everyone forgot we are americans, we should stand together. now we are a country devided and we can't be strong like that
This was/is tied to a pattern of confessions and crimes and rape threats tied to courts's police +, too. Facebook police posting fake legal
Shame on you Senator! Your hypocrisy is ridiculous! It was OK for your party? Enough of the partisanship! Enough!
No one has integrity, plus have recorded evidence fabrication collaboration roles, not capable of responding to threats from police + online
We don't have a Democracy. Resign if you don't understand
Energy = +, or -,but not by theater's needs, and not by it with these sciences' roles lost to, per founders not w free speech forced theater
This is all the democrats fault  - you should all lose your jobs
criminally legalized mod nations cause "criminal insidiousness" natures and act neg relationship to our natures' + relationship to itself
Calm yourself. You gave them no choice. Save your indignation for their next nominee. Should be a real strong conservative.
Proofs that colonization's organized crime method needed gangs blamed facilitated for money reasons, but f fact treatment nature tricks orig
You lie, Harry Reid did the damage
sad what democrats caused to happen today, all the dems i know say they will never vote for a democrat again
Housing+uncharged w recorded inter-branch/med corruption/database tied area lie progression/passion crime facilitation motives using gangs+.
There will always be more than enough space.See colonization's crazy breaching laws homes still? They didn't even have cars.Long term tricks
p claim standards breached w proofs no longer ignored. there are means to see clear means not let realized. Space greatest volume as value
Original executive branch area's maintained inter-nation criminal persuasions as fact treatment natures uncharged w sciences + breached +.
What did you tweet 11/21/13 about the @SenatorReid rule?
Are you just a hypocrite
or a liar,
like about your military record?
Locker talk and football Yahoo!'s for a bunch of unprofessional unpatriotic senators
it sucks to be loser
You mean the @SenatorReid Rule.
Thanks, Harry.
Thanks, Democrats.  You started this.
At least we got a great judge this time.
Really it this point it's more a game than a democracy.
Forget evil, that's just so lame I can't even describe it - 60 year old men acting like frat guys at a kegger.
And that's kind of an insult to frat guys at a kegger, who are allowed to be young and stupid.
@FactsMatter I have no words to describe the disgust I have for these thugs.
Just in case U haven't noticed, they've been destroying our democracy in many ways for several decades...
The filibuster has been in place since the 60s for justices. How is this a pillar of our democracy? Dems should move on
I simply do not understand you you have a judge who absolutely follows the constitution democrats hate him and your complaining
You should have high fived them back... in the face.
They make me sick. The GOP is broken, and so are the people who vote them in.
The GOP has become an enemy of the state.
You and your colleagues will go down in history as last senators of original USA. Constitution has been meaningless since 1-20-17.
You politicians have acted like brats. No one is working together. All you and Murphy do is name call and pontificate.
Lower courts such as appellate  were stacked with Obama nominees because Dems changed the rules. Quit whining the Dems created this.
Reid (D) started the SenateNuclearOptionBill in 2013 but because R nominates Gorsuch u call foul Its called #Karma u r a #Hypocrite
It was OK for Harry Reid. Ginsburg or Obama's 2 pick are all the way to the left. Dems filibustered for the first time in history.
That's very sad. Even Oppenheimer was somber after going nuclear.
Old white men who still high-five like dude-bros while selling the United States to the highest bidder. Perfect analogy for #Trumpmerica
Look in the mirror! The Dems to blame! No reason to block Gorsuch! This was your play! You're a disgrace
look at history.  You guys did it s few years ago.   Be truthful
Of course they did.  They hate democracy. All that matters to them is money and power.
Then stop blocking the democratic process because you didn't get your way. It's your fault @SenBlumenthal #NuclearOption
Were you saying that after Harry Reid did the same thing a few years back?  I doubt it
Did you high five your fellow soldiers in Vietnam? Oh, wait... Poser!
Your red hot butthurt because you blew it in 2003 and now it's back to normal is so delicious.
You had no problem with this option in 2013
2/ Your party wants to keep you in the dark They're holding you hostage with their lies. Smarten up join the conservative movement. Be happy
So many ignorant Dems on this post. I'm so glad that i actually read and follow history unlike so many of you uninformed.
What it IS  cause for is becoming ungovernable. Now.
Republicians were blocking 90 key appointees and were not open to new candidates or discussing objections. 

Exactly the same?
Reprehensible. Traitors, every single one of them.
We won't forget.
THANK YOU AND ALL THE OTHER SENATE (D) FOR STANDING UP FOR OUR SCOTUS SYSTEM? MAJORITY OF  GOT YO' BACK AT THE BALLOT BOX!
LOL
You have been using the courts and your apathy as a super legislature. The courts do not make law.
Remember how in 2013 Harry Reid set the precedent?
Are fn kidding me? you dems and a lot of r have been trying to destroy The Constitution and individual freedom for the last 100 years.

Um sure it is. Maybe you need a spine
What comes around goes around @SenateDems you made your bed now sleep in it #confirmgorsuch @SenateGOP and let's watch @SenSchumer cry
