Remember Mrs King's letter, that was a clear warning to all abt #Sessions
MLK would be appalled today. America has been hijacked by the left He was decent and honest and promoted individual character not ideology
Your a partisan hack. He is following all the protocol! You have no moral high ground to preach from! CT wants you to resign! #fakesenator
yes, remember that one about always wanting the truth
American do want the true! We're not stupid. Stop this"special council"! Speaking of truth, how was the weather in Vietnam....
@jeffsessions did a great job of answering question. Not like the liberal criminals that have appeared before committees and taken the 5th
Justine L you only speak for yourself.  You do not speak for Americans. We all can speak for ourselves.  That is how it works in Democracy
He is a Senator tasked with oversight which means asking questions
I have serious concerns about what the Russians may have done or are doing and anyone that would cooperate with them.
I don't want a pep talk. There is a draft dodging idiot in the WH trying to hide Finances and this Vet wants to know if $  are connected
American Majority Have Given The Truth Voting For Donald Trump As President ! The  Truth Is Blumenthal You Lied About Being A Vietnam Vet !
@FoxNews @SenBlumenthal You say you want the truth? What does a liar like you know about the truth?
What are you going to DO about it? How will @USAGSessions and @realDonaldTrump be held accountable?!
Truth and nothing but the TRUTH!
"I can't recall".."I have no recollection"..."I have racked my brain"...does he remember what his responsibility is to the people? Resign!
Disappointed the top law enforcement officer will not answer questions....but not a surprise.
I am disappointed with you Richard, wasting our tax dollars on nothing. Do some real work will you
We expect to be lied to & disappointed by all those associated with Trump now. They don't hesitate to lie, no facts R checked
Americans want you to to accomplish something for them Not Grandstand! #POS
Can you tell  us  who  signed off 20% of  US  Uranium  to  Russia. Can you tell  us who  met AG in  TARMAC while  under investigation?
Did anyone believe, he would answer honestly?
Resign Blumenthal...
We wanted the truth on the IRS persecution of conservatives, the Iran nuclear deal and Hillary Clintons emails. Still waiting.
We got no truth from Holder why must ideology be more important than hard working Americans who pay your salary ?
America wants Obama and Clinton in jail
Jealousy never escapes a person who STOLE VALOR! You should slink off into the dark moon light and SHUT UP!
The politicians on both sides are so entrenched in there lies they dont know what the truth is anymore
When did @SenBlumenthal develop his fixation on the truth? Was it before or after his "military service?" Hypocrisy reigns!
I think it's time for conservatives to march on Washington and make a point. You're trying to cheat us out of our votes! I'm angry about it
You're not interested in truth, you just want the power back at all cost! We will make sure you never win again!
Hold him in contempt.
GOP act like they're compromised. Either by PUTIN or PUPPETEERS. I hope they pay the price 4 turning their backs on the American PPL #RESIST
My flying 's need to lie like me: that's how I picked them to be at the side of the great leader. This guy Richie too honest.
It was PREDICTABLE!
Wrong as always! You need a reality check? The Russian Ruse and Fake Narrative is over! Time to fabricate another Pipe Dream
I'm disappointed big Dick had to lie about his military service, yet he thinks it's ok. Big Dick is in NO place to be disappointed in anyone
Stop being disappointed and do something about this obstruction we are paying for this joke of a hearing. Charge him and demand he resign!!
@PaulStewartII there should be consequences
disappointed Sessions was allowed Quasi Exec Priv. His judgement trumped truth & facts
Come on he told more than you would in similar circumstances. Do you divulge
private convos with Schumer or Murphy?
They the whole a Administration needs to be IMPEACHED!!!! They are a bunch of liars covering for one another
A man who failed to disclose meetings "can't recall" and exhibits outrage - very lawyerly and more fodder for lawyer jokes.  @jeffsessions
Did not care for the chummy "Boys' Club" tone of R senators likening critical issues at stake to a spy novel dreamed up by Democrats.
From Trump down, the concept of truth is antithetical to the GOP. They forgot the American people as soon as their votes were cast.
Are or should any of us be surprised???? This is corruption to the core. When does this end???
Lock that pretend hick up!
And transparency
He is not giving the answer you want Dick. Funny you of all people saying Americans want truth after your stolen valor lie.
http://www.politico.com/story/2012/06/holder-held-in-contempt-of-congress-077988 …. But the Attorney general was in contempt?
What, you mean like Holder? And holder's gun running got Americans killed.
All of us looking for truth are disappointed & disgusted w Sessions' nonanswers. Plz keep fighting for us! #SessionsHearing
sorry... no THE Whole f..WORLD wants the news... I'm shouting at my TV in Portugal and cannot believe such a farce...
Really?
Because he is up to his elf ears in this treasonous activity.
What treasonous activity?
'Disappointed'. Therein lies the Dem problems...flat, lifeless, weak. Call the guy what he is- a traitor.
Sen Blumenthal i want this toxic crook out from the Justice department for lying under oath for (4/27/16@mayflower Hotel meeting)Deepening!
Because he's GUILTY.  No other reason.
We did not get any help from any of you on the IRS-Targeting!
Yes we do! #AnswerTheQuestions #SessionsHearing
Disappointed we spend taxpayers money for this. No matter what AG Sessions say many will call him untruthful. Work on taxes safety edu etc
This is the biggest joke - a mockery of our democracy!  #insanity The Russians hacked our elections! Rolls were influenced & votes changed!
They have gotten the truth - don't confuse that with the fact it isn't the truth you and other partisans want
I have lost so much respect for mistreated "we the people" are being treated.  Words lie BEHAVIOR does not.
Stop lying! Patriots with thinking brains know what the deal is and who is telling the truth. #Truth is alien to you! #Vietnam
When a cops stops u for a dui and ask u to blow and u refuse that's always taken as a possible... so any answer sessions won't answer ......
You are just disappointed that Sessions is not saying what you want to hear!!!  Stop with this stupid, time waster hoax!!
That's what I thought... refusing to answer that always looks bad...
Major stonewalling and/or filerbustering by @AGJeffSessons Leaves us to question if you should even be in AG position? #CountryOverParty
GUILT needs no ACCUSER @AGJeffSessons
comey fired cause he not doing good job, yet sessions said he left him alone cause he knew his job. what a joke, he thinks it is funny.
The world wants the truth, and mr Sessions tells the world, that US government is not telling the truth!
Yes he does
We can't handle the truth?
Dear Sen Blumenthal, I am german and i have no doubt, that this is not more useful as the muppet show...
Didn't you lie about your service in Vietnam?
You make me want to puke
Ask him why he thought Comey was competent enough to speak with Trump alone & then fired Comey for incompetence.
I am an American and think I have already gotten the truth...many tax dollars ago!  You and your cohorts have a personal agenda .
Attorney General Sessions answering all the questions truthful answers Senator Wyden clearly has his own agenda what a disappointment
Bullshit. Get your ASS TO WORK. FKN TIRED OF THIS BS
Guilty people with something to hide always point at someone else to remove the heat from themselves
Depends on what you consider 'truth'. What about Hillary bleaching evidence and nothing was done to her. Comey deserved what he got.
Hillary is a private citizen and she's not part of these hearings. AND this administration deserves to be ran thru the wringer even more.
What do you know about truth?
They do.....let's talk about how truthful you were when you spoke about your Vietnam service.
His refusal was explained and is correct blumenthal you look for a problem undervevery rock.  When there is none.  I think you are guilty
Sessions has no legal ground to refuse. The problems aren't under rocks. They are in right in your face.
I'm an American -- I don't have a problem with his answers. I wld appreciate it if you wld STOP playing politics and wasting my money, Dick
"I am following the historic rules of the department of Justice" Jeff Sessions, #SessionsHearing
They know the truth . Sessions is slaying 
you knew this was going to happen though. I hope he is doing a closed hearing as well so he can't hide behind public info

He's giving his filibuster efforts a workout in a confined setting. And we all saw it.
Truth not coming from you.
putting a known perjurer under oath is an exercise in futility and we all knew it. What rational American wants to be officially lied to?
He's stating that he can't speak about conversations with Trump. Are they automatically considered confidential??
That was beautiful. You got Sessions fired up!
Senator Wyden is getting under his skin. "Methinks thou dost protest too much."
But are you surprised?
You are so full of BS.  Sessions is not refusing to answer any PROPER question.  He's following customary protocols and you know it.
Disappointed but not surprised. This is a deeply corrupt, complicit administration,
WE WANT ANSWERS AND RESIGNATIONS AND CHARGES!
BS an I know that's a lie u just tweeted
What questions are those?
