Dick, tell us about the law you're trying to pass making it a FELONY crime for Americans to support intl boycott of #Apartheid #israel. #BDS
What?
He's 1 of 43 senators trying to criminalize peaceful protest making it a felony crime for Americans to support boycott of israel. google it.
Can you link to any legit sources on this? Googling turned up a lot of tabloids
Odd, i found legit links immediately. Either u didnt search properly or you're a failed troll. Either way, this conversation is terminated.
I'm trying to care mate but you're not helping.  Any link?  1?
Stop gun violence?  Good luck with that.  I pray that we can just slow it down.
Tell me the one law that would have prevented the tragedy in Las Vegas.
The democrats were in charge for 8 years and did nothing. We need term limits not career politicians
Focus instead on taking Justice System out of the hands of corrupt politicians & organized crime, never mind the guns of responsible owners
efforts to disarm these people is blatantly obvious: to render them defenceless making it's easier to round them up as evil plans move frwd
Rights are to bare arms, not all of or any kind of arms & certainly not an arsenal.
I wouldn't be saying no.  It is their right to do so.
Why dont we address the core issue, MENTAL HEALTH. It WAS important in the 2013 legislation, but it was the FIRST thing stripped of funding.
Oh, so you support building the wall?
I for one absolutely do.
What have you got planned, Bloomie?  Anything beside the party line?  Of course not! Can you be creative?  Of course not! Mental health?
When the people fear the government there is tyranny bWhen the government fears the people there is justice. We all know what you are up to
2 most do nothing Senators in CT.  Resign and let some real leaders in.  CT is a mess, no time for gun rhetoric. Ban mental people.
I wonder how much money Trump got from the NRA for his campaign?  Anybody know?
Where does the NRA get all that money from?
Wish we could impeach you!
the public, and other veterans, doesn't want to hear from politicians that steal valor like you did Richard..
Why don't you get to work and do ANYTHING!! Congress does nothing, nothing, nothing. I'd be ashamed to take taxpayer's money. Low life.
Culture of gun ownership needs to be understood-government needs 2b trusted again by gun defenders-try to calm the fear w/a middle ground
U gonna get someone to put something in your mouth alright
Hollywood makes Democrats walk around like dogs for donation dollars as they put a bloodbath on screens every single day!
You and your colleagues should start in Chicago. Its a long weekend,  im sure at least 60 people will be killed by a criminal there!
I for one am grateful for your efforts. Thank you.
You folks held the majority of seats not to long ago, why no action then?
What action would have prevented it?
What’s ur plan?  Maybe it can start with you!  All rhetoric no plan!
DICKIE, HOW MANY GUNS PROTECT YOU? STOLEN VALOR
Your 2nd should be re-written or something to go with other methods
Maybe you can deal with Canada's issues and stay out of ours.
Gun violence can be broken into two categories. $ & emotion. In money resides crime, drugs, etc.  The gun is not the issue. It is the owner
Tell Democrats to stop killing ppl that's it
Say Senator have you recently “partied” with your pal Harvey Weinstein?
If inaction is inexcusable, how do you justify your time in Washington?
and you still want to let out how many convicted folks?
I am confident I can speak for every Police Officer in CT...NO POLICE OFFICERS IN THIS STATE SUPPORT YOU OR ANYTHING YOU SAY OR DO...EVER!
#2A a right not a privilege- you people should read it

Some bodey came and go maybe
Where did you Weinstein money go? Back into you DNC coffers?
3 dayes we don't have job.Holleyday they pay us.
So we're all waiting to hear your plan that would have prevented Las Vegas.  Stop the platitudes and try some specifics.  #YouGotNothing
Tell that to the good citizens of Chicago that have to walk through gunfire just to get to and from work. You are all talk and no action!!!
Start with mental health
What do you propose to stop gun violence?  Chicago and other cities are over run with shootings.
Do a test for us. Start with Chicago and you might have a chance to make a point.
Thank you .@SenBlumenthal  weapons of war have no place on American streets. Assault weapons ban, restrict NFA weapons further.
This is never going to happen in the Trump administration. President Miscommunication is his name.
Gun confiscation is not the answer.
Why don't you fix the State your from first?
That's too hard. @SenBlumenthal only picks the easy battles. Wants to have an easy way out
Violence is mostly a problem on just democrat run municipalities and states. Gun violence doesn't exist.
Why does this president play games by having us hang on with things he says , it’s like a soap Opera, hang on see what happens next week!
If you believe that then your a fool!
U forgot the US in this picture killed millions to take our land must have been all democrats back in the day 
Shall not be infringed!!!
It's amazing none of you in congress wonder why this guy did it. I smell coverup!
Stop crime, terrorism and insanity.  Problem identified.  Now solve it.
@POTUS had similar thoughts about babies precious lives when he limited funding to the abortion clinics
Stop infringing on the people's rights !!!
Dick , it's not a gun issue . It's a mental health issue . This is you and your kind pushing your own agenda down people's throats.
Exactly!! Why can't people see the mental health crisis in our country? Instead they blame guns! I'm sick of it!
Drunk driving kills just as many as guns. Why aren’t you demanding prohibition?
You should accept that gov't isn't the problem solvers You think you are! Your agenda pushing b.s. doesn't work anymore!
Gun violence cannot be stopped; in nations whose solution to gun violence is more guns.
Guns don't kill ppl....they can't... they don't have feeling.
Thank you!!
Thank you it's about time
Playing on & contributing to mass hysteria without taking time out to calm down and think more clearly is also "inexcusable."
30k die in car accidents every year, common sense car laws
45mph all roads
no night driving
25 yrs old to get license 
no driving in fog
Do not make Bump Stocks illegal. Just call them undocumented.
They would only do that if bump stocks voted

