Firing of #Comey compromises investigation of White House ties to Russians – no doubt now special prosecutor is necessary.
Ensuring credibility and faith in non-political FBI requires appointment of independent special prosecutor. #Comey
Was Comey about to bring charges? We need a Special Investigation since Trump is trying to block #TrumpRussia. #WorseThanWatergate
No, Comey advised Trump that he was not personally under investigation. Clapper indicated that there is no evidence of collusion.
No two grand juries gave been convened 1 for FARA/RICO and 1 for RICO. EDVA and ME DAs are in chg now. #shitstormisrainingdown. Buckle up
Try that again in English. There's no crime. Stop drinking the kool-aid.
Nice fake/bot account...
I'm from Ct and I would appreciate it you would support Our President Trump's agenda.
It not then I will not vote for you ever
Thank you
We need to bring this Pres. To a full stop NOW! Was Comey about to bring charges??
@Loca2733Mc @nytimes
Oh no, Do you think that Clinton should be investigated for selling 20 percent of our uranium to Papa Putin?? up wrong tree.
You might want to give @AGSchneiderman  a call. He seems to want to stand up for ALL Americans unlike @SpeakerRyan  & @SenateMajLdr
Sally Yates should be named independent prosecutor.
Say it again!!
.. now that #maga @realDonaldTrump tried to exonerate himself in #Comey firing letter? Isn't it obvious #TrumpRussia is a #Coverup?
Only if they investigate you too...
And guess who just became available?  James Comey
you need to go away as well. #stolenvalor

Also a new law to stop a President from interfering with an on going investigation like this one...
Repubs cannot be trusted to investigate this honestly.
Who's giving you your daily marching orders? You need to re-establish your credibility before tearing down another. Oh - you don't have any
Now crystal clear?  Pretty sure it's been crystal clear from the very beginning.
We've been calling for this for months. Sorry it took firing of Comey to get more on board. #trumpRussia 

We The People demand answers.
Democrats are the laughing stock  of hypocrisy....Unbelievable !!
#COMEY is a joke who cost @HillaryClinton the election, but this firing, at this time REEKS of totalitarianism!! We need an INDEPENDANT SP!!
this is out of control. You have to admit something needs to be done. DT is going to great lengths to hide the truth  #impeach45
May I recommend Eric Schneiderman.
Why, so they can pick up on the Democratic agenda to chase ghosts?  There's nothing there & this is nothing more than a ruse to distract.
Bill Clinton fired FBI Director Sessions in 1993. Anyone here remember? If your a Dem then everything is Watergate
Wich is it this week you partisan hacks?
Yeah. gotta check your military history.
the coup is almost complete
Yes Americans need to see the truth about their Government and those who've been scamming them. Indict Comey he's earned it!
Sally Yates should be that prosecutor.
Congress needs to make this happen! GOP/Dems need to come together for this! This isn't normal!!!
I am sure Blumenthal made up his many lies on his service to cover up something... we want an independent investigation!  
#Snake
#Liar
Then Tell the Majority leader to DO HIS JOB!
Make sure u also get spec prosecutors for Hillary & Huma while at it plz. #delusionalpoliticians
How can a veteran ever meet you without spitting in your face..Richard Blumenthal Claimed Vietnam Service But Never Went; AP/Huffington Post
You have no credibility after lying about Vietnam service.   Your grenades are political.
He's tweeting about you now. He is mentally ill. We need him GONE!

.@SenBlumenthal AG supposed to have recused himself of anything to do with Russia & Hillary's email situation. He lied again & must resign!
How do we teach our children values anymore?  POTUS tweets are out of control.  Why can't he stop the name calling and bullying?
As a CT resident I am very disturbed about Trump firing Comey in this way the day before Comey was set to testify about Russia.#russiagate
Senator Bloomin'Dick needs to work with others in the Senate on what is right for America. Do your job and stop playing politics.
DO YOUR JOB!
yep n its about time! Crooked hillary, rice, lynch, holder n muslim brotherhood member bama all need one!
Yes, please start ASAP!  This man is dangerous.
My question to Mr Blumenthal: Can a POTUS fire the FBI director in the midst of investigations that involve the POTUS & WH?
Senator this is beyond a  special prosecutor. The United States is under attack by Russia.There are foroeign agents inside the White House.
People have testified, "there is no evidence of collusion". Why are we spending so much time and money on this BS? Stop the madness!
What f#c$ are you talking about? No matter what Trump does u people r never freakin happy! All u dems need to go!  2018 Bye- Bye
#impeach
Thank you!
.@SenBlumenthal Still no evidence, Senator. When will you stop peddling your conspiracy theory? #ElectionHangover #HillaryLost #Hillary4Jail
blah blah. no proof on your russian/trump conspiracy but plenty of proof obama spied on many americans AGAIN and classified info was leaked
PLEASE STOP TALKING ABOUT TRUMP, ITS OBAMA'S FAULT, IT'S ALWAYS OBAMA!!!! ftfy
Sen. Blumenthal, thank you for your commitment to get to the truth re Trump/Russia. You are the epitome of a dedicated public servant.
We need to impeach this corrupt @POTUS for abuse of power, lying to the people, Russian collusion...all Clinton did was lie about sex
You dropped your prosecution of Malloy so he could run. First time you are not a reactionary and you blew it.
Enough clarity.  It's time for you and your colleagues to go ape-shit and somehow force it through.   Action.
Yep. To look into the actions of HRC.
It's crystal clear that liberals have run this "Russia" charade into the ground... and you need to worry about real problems.
For Obama Admin spying on Trump campaign?
Ohhh the microwaves are coming for you, RUN FOR YOUR LIFE!!!!
I call on all fellow Dems, to vote out as many Dems in 2018 as possible.Our party has became an embarrassment.We need people to work for us.
Another investigation against Trump? Why didn't you investigate Obama and Hillary?  This is why myself and millions, left the Dem party.
Sessions supposed recused himself.  Why is he speaking up now?
Comey must have felt like the other fools on that stupid Apprentice our wannabe dictator was on 
Thank you for doing a great job representing CT!  Please continue to speak out.
How do we as Americans help make that happen??!!
SERIOUSLY!!! A public government worker
BREAKING: @chrislhayes https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/862099886094917632 …
Couldn't agree more, this is scary
Coming from a liar, as yourself.
Been crystal clear for weeks.
We need a Special Prosecutor and an Independent Investigation as soon as possible... not months from now.  Trump has to be stopped. NOW
Cry me a river senator.   What we really have is a country with two sides bent on destroying the other.  Can you begin the healing?
Keep pushing senator, do not let comrade trump off the hook.
We will shout it from the roof tops with you! We need you and we need some @GOP to shout it out until it happens.
Make it happen!  Help us!
Must b done Hows it done? The US have the right to know whats going on Repubs arent asking the right questions
YO! It's time for a special prosecutor. #LOCKTRUMPUP I pay you to listen to me.
Your blatant partisanship is disgusting and getting very old.
Employees fired by Trump:
Sally Yates
Preet Bharara
James Comey

Employees investigating Trump:
Sally Yates
Preet Bharara
James Comey
only a #IndependentInvestigation is acceptable.  Otherwise we must all assume that we are in the midst of a hostile takeover of the USA.
Nothing has changed except the man you said mishandled investigations and botched his job has now been fired.
I just have no words. When will our lawmakers stand up to this Dictator!?
Absolutely! Who is going to make this happen?
You make me SICK. YOU ARE RUINING OUR COUNTRY
Will Trump try to hire his OWN FBI Director...one who won't investigate him or get to the truth? Trump is obstructing his own investigation.
For His obstruction of justice?!? Asking for a friend.
Trend #ImpeachTrump
Trend #LOCKTRUMPUP
@WeintraubL queue the guy from @SHO_Billions
Special prosecutor IS NECESSARY! This is clearly obstruction of investigations into Trump/Russia.


Someone recommended securing Russia gate files at FBI?
Absolutely.
What does it take to get one?
This has been said since November!
We The People DEMAND ONE!!!!
So do something about it. Start tonight.
do we have a say How do we get independent investigation Seems like Trump just bought time n destruction of docs.
This is getting scary... This kind of thing shouldn't happen in the United States.
PLEASE, we have got to have a bipartisan independent investigation! Trump is destroying our country & democracy! #Russiagate #ImpeachTrump
.Why did Trump fire #Comey now? Bc an FBI mole tipped him off that C's about to recommend charges or a RussiaGate Independent Prosecutor?
It's been clear for awhile now - but who/what body has the authority to do this???
Go tell a war story you lying hack. #StolenValor
Trump letter to Comey stressing the 3x's you cleared me from Russia, IS A DAMN RED FLAG! No need to say that's if your not GUILTY!
We American people need a independent investigation on President Trump and his Administration. The U.S. laws have been broken.
While not caring how horrible this looks...
Than make it happen! This is beyond the pale! What more do you all need? Russian tanks rolling down the streets of D.C.?
Prosecute Hillary! #drainthswamp
Please insist.
Absolutely.  This is a sad day for our country.
It's TIME for ALL members of Congress to become the leaders we need.
Go get em Senator!  Make CT proud
No offense Senator, I for one am sick of seeing Democratic politicians Tweeting that something "needs" to be done. U NEED to do something!
We will not let Trump sweep this under the rug. And sessions either.
Patrick Fitzgerald would be a great choice..This way we can get to the bottom of this once and for all..The American people deserve better.
Are you kidding me, it's time to send in the generals
What needs 2 happen 4 there 2 B a Special Prosecutor assigned 2 conduct this investigation? Y are there not more of your peers demanding it?
You should be happy now POTUS did it What Obama didn't  do it.
Senator, I agree & have been saying this since election. I've watched you say it on TV & here. I'm frustrated that it hasn't been done. Why?
Why? The republicans put party before country. always.
Sir this is going to throw the entire US into a stat of panic. Trump has over stepped his power. WHWT DO WE DO??
.
How does this get done????
#Pray4OurNation
How much more is it going to take?  Can he fire anyone that gets in his way.  We need an independent prosecutor.  Tell us what we need to do
Push it! Ct voter!
CT is counting on you to see this through!
Please Senator don't let the Trump Russia investigation be swept under the rug.
I agree. Our country is being shredded bit by bit
Sir, although a citizen of the UK I find the implications of this action horrifying
Call for this needs to happen now and must be relentless. Make it clear that any other course of action makes @GOP complicit in power abuse.
He'll just fire him too.
The need for for you Dick to work for Americans rather than illegal aliens is very clear
Time to put the big boy pants on grow a set of BALLS and do your fucking job.All three branches are now compromised. Special Prosecutor now!
Yes!
Congress must insist on this.  No confidence in this president or Justice Department
No CONFIDENCE!!
@ChrisMurphyCT Connecticut wants a special prosecutor. Now.
The Preident likely hesitated to fire Flynn! But he rush quickly to terminate Comey. Sounds like the President is trying to cover his tracks
#trump is going to fll @FBI ranks with supporters to create a private police that will follow his wished
#Sturmabteilung
#MAGA
#TERMLIMITS
Sorry I'm blocked from reading your Hillary bashing crap. Lol! <sarc>
Keep telling the truth! Don't let this go unnoticed!
Lied about Vietnam
Please help us!!!!Sheer insanity.
No sir... we need the former #FBI #Weasel @jimcomey & #SallyYates unvestagated & the case against #CrookedHillary reopened.  It will B done.
What is going on in our country?
Just like Nixon firing special prosecutor Archibald Cox right before ALL HELL broke loose in Watergate!!
Don't forget about John Dean. His testimony also sent Nixon down the pike.
The Republicans are guilty of treason if they do not allow for an independent investigation!
Let's waste no more time calling for a s.p. GOP will take no action. DC needs to shut down. No more business as usual. @SenFeinstein
Bye Karma is a Bitch
James Comey will not be winning The Apprentice?
Comey switched sides and has spoken the truth about ties to Russia. Impeachment based on delusional behavior Tweets
Thank you!!!!!!!
Yes, to prosecute you @SenBlumenthal !
Clear as mud. Will ind prosecutor speak ? Comey wanted to be in Westport any who
Get on your phones people ,independent prosecutor now, demand it!
Today I looked into the magic 8 ball and asked "will Comey be fired?". Usually it says "not likely", today it said "Yes", so I had to do it.
We need you @ChrisMurphyCT @AdamSchiffCA @SenSchumer every damn Dem 2 fight like hell for us now! This is scary; when is the next town hall?
Just another normal day in a dictatorship...the firing of Comey.
He should have been fired long ago. This has been in the works for awhile
Comey didn't realize his job was to investigate, not determine if there were grounds for prosecution, he protected Hillary who broke the law
The need for a special squad to blast Trump into the sun is now what's crystal clear.
I see @potus more than willing to start a campaign to "lock her up" to avoid "Impeach @Potus."  Watch.  Trump is a disaster - big league!
Russian attack on US electoral process & influence of US officials & no independent commission?  Where did America go, I want it back!
Senator, the man in the WH is a very, very sick man. We fear for our everyday life (cont) http://tl.gd/nnoab3 
It's the only shot we have, now...
Can you sell why he was fires Senator?
Absolutely how do we get one?
Hopefully, your fellow committee members will agree
You guys need to fight for this. We need #IndependentCommission now.
I beseech you. This is the most frightened I have ever felt as an American citizen. Our democracy is eroding before our eyes.
Yes, me too like Hillary winning and turning us into one big Venezuela!
Jeff Sessions is the one who should have been fired an jailed. Along with Trump and the rest of his Russian goons.
yep
Please, for the love of God, get @realDonaldTrump #LiarInChief out of this office NOW!!!
Please continue to push for a Special Prosecutor. This smells like a COVER UP.
Smells? It IS a cover up
Yes!!!
