Do you think if we begged, trump would throw birth control to us like paper towels?

#handsoffmybc
Keep your legs closed and you wouldn't have to worry about birth control
Raped women don't choose. #handsoffmybc
No truly raped women don't choose but you got women out there that make up stories to get money some lie some tell the truth
"You got MEN out there that make up stories and get money and some lie and some tell the truth" Do not punish us. #handsoffmybc
The response has been great, listen to the Gov & mayors!
The truth is the P R are incapable of helping them selves 
Stop the BS senator. What are you doing to help the situation? Are you sending a few your big bucks down there?
Puerto Rico's gov. Needs to quit lying to America. Trump has helped tremendously. #liesbyblumenthal
We all know and they are getting the things they need.
you are wrong.   My family is in desperate need.   But they are not in San Juan. Help has not come to them
They are in desperate need. TRUMPS ACTIONS ARE SHAMEFUL
You still have not offered your recovery plan
How about Hillary’s 30,000 emails?
@SenSchumer @SenBlumenthal, After Katrina, Sen Coms held hearings on gov’t response. When will FEMA Dir answer for PR response? Shocking.
Thank you, Senator! Please keep attention on Puerto Rico. We need leaders like you to keep fighting. They need help!
Oh yes the Vietnam veteran, he lied about it, what else is he not tell the truth about, Worst CT senator ever
My niece in Barceloneta a single mother of 2 has no lights warer and no food.   My sister in law in Toa Alta has no food, water or lights
Well, you only show the negative, try showing the positive Dickie Boy Mr Vietnam Veteran, worst CT senator ever
Take this sociopath , who’s mentally & ethically & morally totally incapable of actual leadership DOWN. AND OUT. Before he destroys NATION
Berlin airlift was hard.  Delivering supplies to Puerto Rico by air is easy.  Tons of water bottles, generators run solar power, medications
Military for decades has delivered tons of supplies with parachutes from cargo planes.  Soldiers have been jumping out of planes for decades
isnt just that there is so much devastation the repairs are going as planned
YES, TELL US HOW UNDER OBAMA NOTHING WAS DONE FOR PUERTO RICO.
How these sociopaths sleep at night is beyond me. These people need help!! Keep getting the truth out there!
The truth is P R is incapable of helping themselves  The supplies are there
POTUS must be blamed for many dead’s happening in Puerto Rico now, the health of these US citizens is deteriorating rapidly
If Puerto Rico is a us territory, the they are citizens of Puerto Rico not US citizens, please correct me if I am wrong
Incorrect, they are citizens of United State as any other USA citizens, they might be living in PR but still are US citizens
It’s time for all America to stand up, MLK-style. Speak, write, preach, sing, march until we are free of this presidential pestilence.
We are, Obama is not our president!!!
Nope, this is a different pestilence, virulent and deadly in its own way.
CT deserves a real senator not someone who spends all of their time castigating POTUS and by extension those who voted for him.
You get your news from Wapo and expect the truth, Amazing what kind of idiots are can get into politics Just Pretend Richard, Just Pretend
Just as the Nation does about the dire situation in your home State.  Do your job.
Dried meats, tents, sleeping bags, coolers run solar power, ovens run solar power, first aid kits deliver by air
USA spends hundreds of billions a year on military and yet no huge military effort providing supplies with parachutes, helicopters
Video on the net dealing with MASH helicopters with baskets being used
More than 30 years ago millions of people watched MASH TV show dealing with Korea.  Helicopters with baskets delivered tons of supplies
Congress use make rules, regulation land and naval forces send ships, planes, helicopters, drones, to Puerto Rico, islands.
Why is the administration asking for a LOAN for Puerto Rico? That’s so wrong.
Senator the WH is lying about progress & about FEMA. Situation is dire. Senate needs to hold their feet to the fire.
Ironic - You lie about your own "combat" experience but preach truth to #POTUS.
ANY IDEA WHERE THE VIRGIN ISLANDS ARE RICHIE?
Your so worried go there on one of your monthly vacations all of you get
Do you live there or volunteering in PR? If not stop  criticizing and consider helping  us with your boots on the ground or donating money.
Trying go to work.
I see him and i go back to work
All media & Politicians selectively edit-even you-all USA Constituents know this! stalemate, pull on big boy/girl pants/GET SOMETHING DONE!
Sen, I find your distaste for @potus 2B abhorrent & unbecoming of office U hold; therefore I look forward to voting U out next time around!
Bot
I really could not give a flying fk about an investigation, PR needs help! Help them NOW! INVESTIGATE LATER!
And Blumenthal again is:
You spend a lot of time tweeting on the taxpayer’s dime.
Please stop spouting off Puerto Rico is perfectly fine they've got plenty of help coming their way especially money to
Bot
Or shameful lying from you an admitted liar 
Wow the bots are out in force
Bot
@SenBlumenthal ...what are you guys waiting for? How much worse does it have to get before @realDonaldTrump is ousted from office?
Poor excuse for a leader blumenthal, quit being so petty
Bot
You were there but all you report are MSM and 2nd hand stories. I call for a report from you to see what we got for our $ out of your trip
You're right. We do. Tell us how this corrupt little island, the population of CT, ran up $120 BILLION in debt? Enough happy horse sh*t!!
We are being betrayed by all that do nothing to stop Trump and his cronies from annihilating every american citizen.
Truth from Vietnam veteran (lie). Conn you
Can do better
Why do you tell lies
And if you were the ones in charge it would be the greatest humanitarian effort in the history of mankind, another fair weather American.
Senator Blumenthal, I heard there are HUNDREDS of deaths in PR from those who visited. Please investigate this possible cover-up by DT!! TY
Even if they were Donald Trump was not the storm that did it so stop trying to blame everything on Donald Trump  Trump won snowflakes lost
Whitewashing is what U tried 2do when U were exposed 4lying about military service in Vietnam,Ur a disgrace 2 the People &Government Resign!
It’s so terrible down there that the mayor has time to go out and get a new shirt made for everytime she’s on tv.
#PuertoRicoGenocide #PuertoRicoGenocide #PuertoRicoGenocide #PuertoRicoMatters 
you're reporting from P.R. where you're helping on the ground are you?making a big difference i bet.plenty of time to complain.
just to clarify that was sarcasm.
O my gosh. You found another camera  to stand in front of and complain.
I am starting to think the Russians are supporting U to divide our Great Country. Please   Get off the bench &become a team player or resign
Trump suuuuuuuuuuux
Thank u, been tweeting at u for a week.
How about the truth about your stolen valor?
But Puerto Rico asked to join us because they were dead broke and now they expect us to pay for everything they need
I feel like we are turning into Russia.
If we were  they be no Democrats
..and you want that? Move to Russia then.
Lol listen snowflake I'm an ex Democrat I voted for Trump if you don't like our president then you move to Russia idiot
