Robert Mueller's office is said to have requested White House documents on Michael Flynn http://nyti.ms/2vyO8MJ 
Thanks for all you do Senator.

I'm so hurt - you sent me a GIF.  See you at the impeachment or resignation party.
Remember popping champagne corks for Hillary & salivating over her "victory" fireworks? So, to borrow her expression, "What Happened"?  
He cheated.
Stop whining.
No ones whining.  You should do more research on election hacking.  Trumps a fraud and a cheat and it will come out in court.
One more time...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQ-SESKYbCQ …
You have news organizations come out and tell you the Russia story is BS and you still fall for it.. Are you unlearned?  Small biz owner?
Hannity and Fox are not news.
Pay attention.. it was CNN
If nothing was there the Grand Jury wouldn't have happened.   Pay attention.
dud you have to be smarter than this.. so Trump had Russians hack the DNC (you know it was Seth Rich) and  give info to wikileaks..right
You shouild read more and tweet less.
Documents are said to be related to his dealings with Turkey - you do realize that's not part of Russia, right?
You do know that Ken Starr charged Bill Clinton for a BJ rather than the white water controversy right?
Now THIS is breaking news if true. You're saying Ken Starr engaged in prostitution with Bill Clinton??? That explains Baylor, I guess. #ewww
Only your mind would put that spin on it. That says more about you than...
Direct quote: "Ken Starr charged Bill Clinton for a BJ". Still makes me laugh. Starr actually said WJC obstruction and abuse of power
The DNC needs to get over losing !
Donald need to get over winning. 
Make that get over whining.
That's what BO said... when Hill was a shoo-in to win. To his credit, he never whined abt Russia... until she lost.
So then you must feel the same about draft dodger Trump pretending 2 serve when he actually plyd glf w/8 detrmnts
Excuse me Trumpanzee but it's our job as Americans to question our leaders. He's of bad moral character,cheat,frd
Lawyer up, traitor.
How long have you hated this country Sir?
You've seen the documents? Quite the assertion. Reckless if not true.
The wheels of justice are turning
They are always turning and nothing ever happens.

Flynn yes. Trump no. Is collusion a crime?
You don't ask for immunity when you know NOTHING!!!
Now days they all ask for it!
Definitely banking money on Flynn being first to be charged (and likely sing like a bird).
Says a man who lied about his military experience and battle conquests! Why would people vote for this liar?
Um, what? Trump lies all day every day about things happening in present. Why are you defending him if you hate lying so much?
What evidence do you have of any collusion with Russians or Ukrainians or whoever. Stop making stuff up.
Does Turkey = Russia? Are you making this up? Flynn failed to register as a foreign agent for his lobbying work for Turkey. #DeepStateCoup
It is truly amazing to me that you attack President Trump and support a criminal like Hillary. There is no cure for your ignorance.
Lock him up ... Lets scream that in this fucks face and see if he thinks it's funny
Ur really putting the cart before the horse aren't u? U really need to keep ur hate rhetoric to urself and focus on ur obstruction instead
Hope he's also singing his song to Mueller. Can't wait to see @realdonaldtrump go down in a humiliating scandal. Got my ready.
Why would you ever hope for that? Don't you care at all what that will do to our nation as a whole? Didn't vote for Obama but hoped for best
Obama wanted what was best for USA. 45 wants what's best for HIM. He's a terrible person &  an even worse "president." That's why.
I don't know why but I'm always surprised by the hostility from both sides. And the lack of objectivity Obama or Trump their just people.
We are still ON Flynn ? Really? DC is looking like a joke in this witch hunt. The country is laughing at you, Mueller and the rest of u bums
this first of many I hope
#FireHannity
How is the investigation re: the Awan brothers, Debbie Wasserman Schultz and the DNC shady dealings going? Any updates to give us?
YOU'RE A FRAUD A  BIG STORY TELLER BUM SHAME ON YOU BUM WANTS TO TAKE THE HEAT OFF HIMSELF FOR TELLING LIES
Pence is as guilty as hell
Guilty of what exactly!! I'll wait for ur response!
He was warned by Obama about Flynn. Cummings wrote to him in November about Flynn. Yates warned him in February-13 days later fired!guilty
They renewed his access without question if that were indeed the case seems a little fishy to me
Crap rolls downhill. All this has to start somewhere.
Yeah clintons and obama
Flip Flynn and, the House of Cards will tumble.
I'm guessing he did this while he worked for Obama? You are a lying traitor!
DNC was hacked by Pakistani IT people hired by Debbie Wasserman Schultz. They didn't need to hack as they were handed to keys to the machine
Headline: Turkish middleman funnels Russian Oligarch money to RNC through Flynn.
@SenateGOP @SenateDems @IndivisibleOmah @IndivisibleNeb Enough is enough #25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow 
#resist the #chaos
You're a joke!
You're speculating and have zero evidence to make your statement true
Bullshit.
Vietnam?? Uh, that would be No. But you are telling the truth now. So everyone should trust you and believe what you saying now. Got it.
LOCK THEM UP.
You are a US Senator. Shame on you for using your platform this way. I much rather hear ur ideas on health care and tax reform.
Your use of the word "maybe" sounds like another one of your lies
All of this to distract from Obama, Holder, Lynch, Clinton & DW-S. Think we don't know?
Your TL is astounding. 
You were a federal prosecutor?
WOW.
#ImranAwan
#Extortion17 
.@realDonaldTrump 
.@TGowdySC 
.@RealNCIS
Clown.
Innuendo and rumors - this is duplicitous and libelous on your part - a Spanish Inquisition all over again 
Fake.
You mean Flynn the Democrat?  Obama's ex appointee of the DNI?  Trust me, that investigation needs to go deep, REAL DEEP
Do you go to Liars Anonymous with the rest of your ilk who don't care about "We The People"?
Why is FBI assistant Director, McCabe still there ?
Ur time is up Richard, u have made an ass of urself, u r going to be voted out! 
crime: spoke to Ambassador of Russia after the election
punishment: execution by dismemberment
Liar
LOCK HIM UP!  LOCK HIM UP!
Many people are saying Flynn has rolled. His grand jury is about FARA, and was seated in April. Second GJ is for Manafort, for RICO.
How do you know this?
Felix Sater on board
Prove it fake vet.
Look at #StolenValor LIAR Richie Blumenthal. Sierra Tango Foxtrot Uniform LIAR! #StolenValor MAGGOTS should be locked up!
They/GOP colluded with Russia and cheated the election, how is anything that he has done since then legal?
@nytimes Hillary Clinton gets a pass with uranium deals, pay for play, emails, etc...? Real Russian connection is w/Democrats
@SenBlumenthal, when don the con and his cult attack you, it shows you're working hard for the people. Thank you! #ProtectMueller #Resist
Flynn betrayed his country for money...What a shame...Treasonous!
Thank u Senator u r a true patriot. Disregard all the Russian bots and low IQ comments.
Someone like yourself is supposedly understands English.  Been stated time and again 'no collusion'. Keeping smokescreen going to cover Dems
You're spreading crap without facts. Take a headline and write your version WITHOUT proof.
Hope he is first to flip. They all need to be in prison for life.
I love it. Flynn is all you morons have... and he was fired months ago. LOL habe fun with that bone!
Where are you getting all this BS?
PEOPLE OF #CONNECTICUT - Smarten up and Vote Blumenthal out,the man is stagnant and a POSER like the whole #FakeNews Russia Nothingburger
If nothing else, Flynn has tax evasion on payments from Turkey. Also there clearly were related kickbacks just follow the $
Unusually, #PIMPOTUS @realDonaldTrump is taking the news rather well... If you ignore the insane, hysterical tweets.
BS
There is no collusion and yet you keep trying out push that, why?
You are fake news
Maybe he should destroy emails, cell phones and computers like Hillary did.
YOU are getting secret info from NYT?  how can YOU do that???
How do YOU know he will face charges????  was he w/Obama then??? how do YOU have info on secret investigation????
Congrats, Sir, on being current target of Putin/Trump/Bannon trolls & bots & impotus himself. Keep up good work for democracy. Thank you!
Thank you. You're obviously doing something right and getting under Donald's thin skin.
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a  phony Vietnam con artist!

Rumors from Fake News! If you swamp monsters are ever successful in attempting to oust our President, we the people will remove all of you!
We must consider the source - funny how they everything we know about HRC u didn't exhibit same level of interest/concern
Mueller has a conflict and should resign. He is in Comey and Dims pocket.
If Mueller was honest and ethical he would have already resigned because of serious material conflicts! You are a lawyer? Unconscionable!
Flynn and family Trump Liar
Really?
Nothing to see here....move on! LOL


BS!!!
https://twitter.com/liz_wheeler/status/865699164851552256 … Really?
We finally have proof of inappropriate financial dealings with Russia. 
Maybe Mueller is guilty with his lefty team.
More worried about phony Russia collusion story than #Connecticut bankrupt state
If you were to stop your foney russia colussion case,Then maybe you could stop wasting time and do your f-en job for once. DICK
What collusion is that?  Don't you need evidence to say that.  There is none, but we still get your lies.
Could also be finding out why they installed Flynn as NSA, knowing he was a Foreign Agent. Pence knew without a doubt.
That's a lie!  Once a liar, always a liar.
Blah Blah Blah
These are serious allegations. What if all you just said is not true? You realize as an AG & Sen. Senator you just smeared an American Gen.
No proof, have you taken to writing opinion pieces now? #fakesenator
... when all of Flynn's crimes are uncovered, Pence should be next for assisting in covering up Flynn's actions.
How is that exactly? Because he parroted a lie he thought was Truth? LMAO you libtards getting desperate.
"Maybe." "Collusion." Go back to handing out Toys for Tots, Sen. War Hero.
