Separating DREAMers from America will do lasting damage to the fabric of our nation. We will fight for them, and we will win. #HereToStay
We must pass a clean DREAM Act and unequivocally reject the far right's wish list of heartless immigration priorities.
Great countries keep their promises. Let's pass the DREAM Act and give every DREAMer the stability and peace of mind they deserve.
They r here illegally! You r suppose to know the law! A path forward can be made 
thru negotiation. Your watch is illegal!
Close the border.  Put up the wall.  THEN  we can talk about amnesty.
The President is only going to fix a broken system & keep the dreamers. Get common sense & concentrate on what’s going on. Don’t be partisan
No but you are a joke! We are done with illegals! Get it?
Oh wow, you are so classy. I’m not worried about “karma” I am only worried about what God thinks & wants. He does want you, you should try!
On reading your original comment it is you who needs the counsel of God. man's law killed Jesus. But God's law of love is supreme! So dear..
PARENTS who brought their children across the border ILLEGALLY - put them at risk of ripping their family apart - their choice, NOT #TRUMP
Congress let it happen

Yet you’re making it one with your bs grandstanding!
is this the same kind of watch you were on in combat, non-existent....
His divisive politics have been ripping families apart from day1.  Subconscious payback for being sent away to school?

KUDOS TO YOU SENATOR BLUMENTHAL
Can we locate them all in CT?
Thanks Senator Blumenthal
LOL Stolen Valor!  This guy is a twit
If are legally in this country right there family was not in here legally. Then what make them a dreamer every day they are here they break the law. And if any one that help them are bleak in the law to but you have just have thought that something you can by pass
He wants them here, build the wall so they can stay
Go cross the boarder and see what happens to you.
All of the democrats are traitors and liers, they could care less about the constitution
All Trump did is force congress to do their job the dreamers act needed to be voted on SO VOTE
Congress can't do there job, it just rich mans welfare. Making a joke out of tax payers
Enforce the law mr former Attorney General. Not difficult to understand.
As a former state attorney general you used to be responsible for upholding the law, now, not so much.
They can catch a bus & be together in the country whose flag they fly.
You need to coordinate an effort to remove this incompetent and unfit individual from office.  What are you waiting for??
Don't worry. He'll be out of office in 7 1/2 years
Bloomie I wish one of you pro dreamer politicians would tweet exactly what was this  promise u all talk about and just WHO made it
Where do you get this from?  Not at all the way it is....but then you stretch the truth anyway....
Please go away.
If only you stood as firmly for the legal taxpayers in your district
How important are the LAWS OF THE LAND RICHIE? YOU KNOW THE ONE'S YOU SWORE TO UPHOLD.  HYPOCRITE!!!!!!
Blumenthal couldn’t even tell the truth about his military record. Didn’t have war hero narrative. So he created one. He creates truth.
Fight? Really? If you really gave a damn you would have already had a bill before congress rather than lip service. Typical politician.
This isn't what they say in their own country. They don't want non-Jews in Israel.
Senator, really? Since you want to be sanctimonious, 1) The daca action by Obama was not legally done. 2) In congress hands. Why no bill?
Can you help pass a ct budget we are dying here our schools, elderly need your help
We are Dreamers too Dicky. We dream that people who break the laws of our country will be prosecuted! Actions have consequences.

We would not have dreamers problem if we did not have an immigration problem we can fix both
Rip harder
What watch is that? #fakesenator you only care about forwarding your own personal agenda. You have never cared about CT
I want to hug you, Mr Blumenthal
Yeah, I want to HUG the shit out of you too.
Not on your watch? Please. You flap your gums & ride around on your yacht. Mr. Photo Op. Let me guess, you're also against puppy torture?
Love you!
Let me guess, you are an illegal that doesn’t believe in the rule of law or the Constitution?
Now that is not true you lie to turn people against trump
How about the hard working taxpaying citizens, guess they're out in the cold and have to keep paying ?
You're what's wrong with this country now step down from your position and do America a favor
Maybe those families should have thought about that before they broke our laws, and now we're supposed to feel sorry for them?
Fractured America?...Fractured America? Absolutely while the likes of you still walk it's lands!
Please run for president
That is the stupidous vomment
Let the countries that they come from take care of them. They have rich people there too what about sharing their wealth.
FFS! smh
What about hard-working Americans. You democrats should go govern another country you care more about other countries than you do America
mike, great comment!!!
Then build the wall and pass his imagination reform so they can stay
Their parents have to go though. They are here illegally. Enough happy horse chips.
What is your solution then? The details are relevant so we can fix this problem.

The problem is it isn't your watch. It's the Republicans' watch. They are destroying our country.
Good thing it's OUR watch then...the American ppl. You're getting a little too big for your Ukrainian britches,  Senator.
FROM THE MOUTH OF A TRUE "STOLEN VALOR" LIBTARD! JUST WHAT PART OF CITIZEN TAXPAYERS ARE TIRED OF SUPPORTING ILLEGAL ALIENS? #NOFREERIDE
build that wall to prevent such a situation from arising again
The Dimtards r still pissed their government favors are tanked #Trump #is #PRESIDENT NOW
Yep the parents caused the problem so put the blame on them now we have this
Don't act like a hero. All Trump wants is a wall  and the dreamers are in the clear.
Ok Senator.  You have influence.  1. Wall.  2. Border security. 3.  Law and order.  4. Dreamers.  Pontificate or action?  @realDonaldTrump
You are the lawmaker, why are you not doing your job. Put it out for a vote. Stop grandstanding
Their parents ruined their lives by smuggling them illegally into another country.
Hahaha good luck mate
Wanna bet? The law is quite clear, and you, Sgt. Toys for Tots, are sworn to uphold the constitution. So stop grandstanding and do it.
Blumy "The Tin Soldier". http://Www.DickBlumenthalSucks.IT 
Way to STAND up! Encourage your peers do the same, Sir!
Yes encourage them to lie about stolen valor and campaign for citizens of another country ahead of the citizens in this country.
You're right.  Now let's do something about it!!
Chain Migration must be severely limited!
Now THAT I do agree with. In fact, I would stop it all together. BUT the dreamers are innocent, and victims in this; they should stay.
Senator Blumenthal the reality is that the USA needs laws for immigration reform and enforcement of these laws
Americans that put you into office come first you were not put into office to do whatever the hell you want to. Democrats lost the election
2018/ 2020 you will lose more elections. Why cuz X Democrats like me are sick of your B's. Your lies deceitfulness. You will be voted out
The left prefers illegal aliens because the vote is guaranteed for Democrats. Democrats are finally learning American people are not stupid
My previous tweet was meant to get @ the heart of the matter. @realDonaldTrump & many @GOP are unfit for office.
"On your watch" -- Like when you stood watch back in Vietnam, right?  What?  Oh, never mind then...
Yes. His tweets & actions are becoming ever more dangerous & erratic.We cannot have a president who flirts w/nuclear war/endangers citizens
When anyone breaks the law, you get separated from your family when you go to jail. How does your argument make sense?
Follow the law in place
The left never follows the law haven't you learned that yet. The left-feel they are above the law
Your lack of watch is why they're here....it's on YOU
