#SusanRice needs to testify
"Gentlemen let me make this clear, I never had any contacts with Russians".
Now do Hillary
Your one who can talk about telling the truth?
Sessions has run out of chances! Any civilian who lied as much as these trump thugs would be FIRED! WTF!!!? 
TRUTH IS IMPOSSIBLE FOR LYING RICHY.  HYPOCRITE
I still can't believe that Hillary lost! God is great!!!
PS - their feigned outrage is proof that #CAIR is just another liberal mouthpiece.
Been there, done that, Mr. Sessions is good. Progressives need to explain their communism to America. We will evict it, again.
That Keebler Elf committed purgery. He lied in his sworn testimony. Can we hold ANYONE accountable for lying? PLEASE!?!!?
Nobody in the trump administration knows truth. What a disgrace for us raising young kids drilling truth & honor.
Your boobs are fake
Too late Sen. Blumenthal. He already lied under oath. Get him out of there.
You realize Blumenthal told one of the greatest lies in political campaign history
Lmfao
Don't care. Sorry bud. Arrest him.
Hypocrite much
Crimes have varying degrees. I shoukdent have to explain this to you. For instance we don't give death penalty for a bag of weed.
Sessions is working on correcting thst
I saw. Old timer conservatives and libertarians live on a different planet it seems. The drug war has failed. Ppl wanna get high.
So do the Trump family
Jeff has done nothing wrong.  You are getting people confused with the truth Richard.  Stop it.  This is not right what your doing.
You guys voted for Hillary. You know you could care less about honesty. I know you put republicans to a higher standard. And well. They are.
Rotflmao.  Liberals are so hilarious.  Well except for the really stupid ones.  You just have to feel sorry for them.
Why do you expect these fools to tell the truth? Make them take a lie detector test..it's the only way.
And you owe an explanation why you co-sponsored a bill stripping citizens of right to boycott - something protected by the constitution.
@ChuckGrassley @CNN @SenFranken @RepAdamSchiff Really? You're going to have him waste more tax dollars to lie on the Hill for a third time?
That goes for Manifort, Kushner and Don jr #OpenSession
FAKE NEWS.
how about the Clintons, Podesta and Biden's son, mr. Vietnam war hero
Sessions owes you nothing you already went after him and it didn't work it back fired on you.Democrats owe us the truth on spying and unmask
The whole WH should tell the truth stop calling everything not in their favor "Fake"
Why bother?  You won't get the truth.
@SenBlumenthal u r waisting time on the huge nothing burger.
Just a question that lingers each time attacks are made towards @SenateGOP : Why did you not hold HRC at the same standards?
Like your truth about your war record?
Sir you need to move on.   Or be fair and call out #HillaryClinton for emails, #comey for leaking classified info, #lorrettalynch #susanrice
Little Dick Blumenthal..... expert on truth telling......
Drop dead
What are you guys going to do when Russia leaks the Clinton dealings? You know it's coming and all hell will break loose...
Think Trump himself released this latest Sessions thing so he can get another AG bobblehead to fire Mueller
WE you to represent us ! Earn the  we pay you to goof off 
LEAVE JEFF SESSIONS ALONE INVESTIGATE PIZZAGATE THE CLINTONS  FOUNDATION DNC MURDERS SETH  BENGAZI 5.5 mil fake votes LYNCH
Please try to focus on the lack of budget in ct do your job stop with all this other stuff
Be careful Am this could be a Russian disinformation New AG would fire Mueller. Sessions can't
What a crock!
I think Americans deserve the truth from all of us. The irony of your statement is almost laughable.  Viet Nam Veteran????
Why would we expect him to start now?  Dirty to the core! #gophasnosoul
Thank you for demanding the truth and calling for criminal penalties for perjury and lies of this administration!
The Russian Ruse and Fake Narrative is over? Why would you reference VERY FAKE NEWS? Your credibility is already questionable
No sources no credibility!!! The Washington Post has been wrong more than right for the past six months? At best it's tabloid journalism!
Déjà vous... I don't get it? Didn't AG Sessions already done that under oath on TV and private later? If he has lied isn't that punishable?
It is amazing that all you liberals say all these negative things about Trump and the Republicans without a bit of evidence. Truly ignorant.
He's already lied twice!
It wou go like " I don't recall." End of story.
@gregpmiller he did already under oath, were you too busy bankrupting CT?
Trump leaking "fake news" to get rid of Sessions?
In public just like when he lied
All involved shkuld testify
If Trump fires him - he will sing like a canary
Richard this Russian crap is getting tiring and stop acting like a kid,people need job,  food , healthcare and shelter  not  Russia. Grow up
I don't know how much Sniwden knows but there is a reason that dude is still alive. I would rather see him pardoned than any of these mo**%
You owe us a Constitutional government, sir, and you have not delivered.
Unfortunately he is very forgetful when it comes to the truth!
Being under oath doesn't seem to get anyone to speak the truth with this administration
I agree, but he is known to lie under oath, isn't he?!
Oh please and what about the Clinton's ? Fake
"Complete truth" Those words coming from a disgusting liar
And then he needs to resign...
the whole republican party owes us an explanation on outside money funding their agenda. Kill citizens united.
Lmfao, are you serious. Will do something about your state its going broke. But your still on this Russia thing. Leave it alone already
Don't you owe everyone the truth about your stolen valor Richie #vietnam
Rinse and repeat?  He needs to go. They all are #corrupt !
AG Sessions owes America five years in prison. But I'm a nice American, so maybe just 6 months of house arrest and debarred.
Before or after we witness Junior & Manafort testify under oath? Sorry, outrage without hearings is getting old. Please, no more letters
You are obviously a stalwart Senator with great integrity; the process is just not progressing. Rome is burning, sir
I'm not entirely sure he's capable of telling the "whole" truth.
Wasn't that what he was supposed to do during his confirmation hearing?
#CROOKS:
#Deflect #Shane:Why would senator Grassley call off the hearings with Trump Jr & company. Dam cover up attempt by Republicans like Grassley. 
Unfortunately if Nunes or Grassly have anything to do with it, we'll hear a retrial of Clinton before we hear from Sessions.
As well we should
#LockHimUp #LockThemAllUp
He is incapable of telling the truth
He had his chance :/
I am very afraid for our country. Please sir help.
DemoRat Sleaze Bag, Eric Holder, Obama's decadent, Racist A/G., and destroyer of the Republic. Tyranny master of Destruction.
Hsrp on the vietnam thing all uou want, it pales in comparison to treason.
but you don't mind SUSAN Rice testifying in private about breaking the law unmasking Americans, sad
Why is Chuck Grassley letting Paul Manafort and Donald Jr off the hook? Do Republicans ignore the rule of law when its THIS president?
How About the complete truth or should I say lie about you claiming to have served in Vietnam?
thank you sir. What is @ChuckGrassley doing? The American people deserve answers. Resist.
He needs to come clean
Tell the American people why you TraitorCrats are trying to bring down this Gov. You are Guilty of being a "Stolen Valor" sleazebag.
Most of us are bored with this. Sorry, but it's true.
Obvi.
Stop whining and do some governing. Put forth a real plan to show Americans to save Obamacare. Not ideas but legislation to discuss.
Your commitee must not ignore Sessions' deep conspiratorial ties to Bannon. A nut case determined to cause anarchy & violent racial unrest.
The Entire Trump Staff needs to come clean so we can prevent russia from Flipping Our citizens again. They are scared to death of putin
As does Manafort and Jr. Grassley is a trump hack.
Ugh. Sessions gets fired, Trump appoints stooge. Stooge fires Mueller. America ends. 1776-2017 #TheResistance
Yea, and how long is that going to take?!
What is crooked Grassley doing giving into Manafort and Jr letting them testifying behind closed doors.
You owe the American people the truth about your service in Vietnam, under oath & in public.
Lol. There's always one. Worry about the endless crimes from your man.
How would we ever know what the truth is with this guy? Torture it out of him using the kind of unethical methods he likely approves of?
You're responding to a guy that lied about his military service lol
IF THIS WAS LEAKED BY RUSSIANS THEY KNOW TRUMP WANTS SESSIONS OUT THIS WOULD EQUAL TRUMP COLLUDING WITH RUSSIANS TO GET RID OF SESSIONS
AG Sessions owes Americans his letter of resignation. The end.
Nothing to lose @jeffsessions
Hard to believe truth being published by the WashPost, all they know is FAKENEWS
You sound like a candidste for director of the ministry of truth
His time to be truthful was during his confirmation hearing.
Entire administration owes Americans the truth.  Every admin owes Americans the truth. We just have an admin now that doesn't feel that way.
Like in his confirmation hearing?  Oh.  Wait.
Didn't we try that, just a few weeks ago, and he lied. Again. How many second chances does this guy get?
Wrong
Good luck
He supposedly already done that
Yes he does...but do you want a recess appointment by Trump without senate confirmation?
Just like you did.....oops
