Trump owes us an explanation for putting lives at risk- he's betrayed his first responsibility to the safety & security of the United States
Trump may have helped Russia twice – by sharing classified info, and doing incalculable damage to our own alliances.
Puff, puff, pass...
You haven't sent one helpful tweet. You are dangerous to the US. #Sedition Do your country a service and resign.
McMasters is about to spin it w live statement. I'm sure he'll say it's not true. He's going to put his best spin forward.
Go back to fox and infowars.
Bot
How much do you think #sethrich leaking to Wikileaks helped #Trump?
Good thing we have "Viet Nam vets" like you looking out for us.
I think this is fake points made up by a radical socialist progressive party in our government  that wants to keep people dependent on GOV
Umm - Obama shared classified info w/Russians on multiple occasions. Where was your outrage then?
You sir are a liar and a cheat.
Well Trump Does 
Seem To Like 
The Russians
I appreciate you being conservative... But he's been helping them since the early 90s... and has now done incalculable damage to democracy
Treason.
I see a lot of crazy talk going on in the below tweets, just as nutty as u r, your own door step is dirty, why don't u wait for the facts
Who would have thought a man with such small hands would have such a big mouth? Thanks Rubio
Your part of the most corrupt administration in US history . You will be brought down in shame .
If you believe what you read in WA Po its time for you to retire! they lie more than Gov. Malloy!
Trump is supremely incompetent. Ally's aren't going to want to work with us!
Trump is such a fool... he's going to get our soldiers and intelligence agents killed... he extremely incompetent!
To be fair, both the US and Russia are battling ISIS, a common enemy. We would hope and expect intelligence to be shared both ways.
Spreading #fakenews about @realDonaldTrump   You would fit right in @CNN @nytimes
DO SOMETHING. WORDS WORDS WORDS. NO ACTION.
"incalculable damage" "sharing classified info" ok? How about Ct? jobs/crime/infrastructure/over taxation. We are who voted
Let's assume it did happen. Are we not alarmed that this "code word" classifieds info is effectively public almost instantly
Where is the evidence?  U forgot Obama's 'open mic' incident.
Agree! Lock him up?
He is highly incompetent & has no government experience. And cannot be trusted to go off script. Impeach!
Will the GOP finally put Country 1st Trump needs a gag order if nothing ealse
No sources no credibility!!! VERY FAKE NEWS! VERY FAKE NARRATIVE once again!!! Senator you have no credibility referencing Fake News

Someone on that staff outed two major Russians working for us and now this...
#Impeachthedouche Now. @realDonaldTrump is a risk since 2016
trying very very hard to reach out  left 3 messages on voice mail. Please listen to them. Important information that you'll want to hear!
Can you help us please? This is insane.
if you dont do anything cant get in trouble 1st we need russia please stop grandstanding thats why dems 0 pow
obama administration has done nothing about syria or n korea or cyber security or border safety or comey
cant your state vote you out. They should usa wants who they voted for give him 4 yrs then judge
@POTUS is going to avoid all things Russia  once again  ,So how  concerned are you? I'm very concerned!!!! 
How is does Erin Burnett knows it was laptop .
How do you know who the source is ? How do you know the source not from another country . I read wp article they make no mention of laptop
Information sharing with our allies ,,for your hatred , and after this stunt   The Russian hoax is just that a hoax . False .
Investigation ? Your treasonous . Next point you, Harry Reid ,,waters all disclosed info , how did Steele name get leaked ,you compromise
Some of these joint projects  are years in the making. 45 is purposely blowing cover. Why? He's in with Putin 100%! Impeach the imbecile!
Nations won't share info now . Subpoena Washington post to dislcose source , Judith miller went to jails ,,and you mutts don't want leaking
It's false three people in room , this is treason on those perpetrating this lie . This false story compromises our nationals security
Screw your explanation from Trump!!! I don't want that. Stop saying we deserve it. Impeach him!
We don't want a statement from trump. Wake up. We want him impeached. Do something meaningful. Good Lord
Senator Blumenthal how are you going to get rid of this MENTALLY UNSTABLE DICTATOR named Trump and the COMPLICIT GOP,they all must go.
He may have gotten sources killed & sped up ISIS plan! McMasters playing word games is concerning.WAPO story didn't say he disclosed sources
please, get at the big picture. Putin, Trump and Erdogan will unite to destroy #Syria for Assad to rid Daesh #ISIS
OMG! We can not normalize this mental instability! He wouldn't allow our Press in then commits treason. Why? He's a spy or mentally unfit!
Really really Blumenthal it's fake news unbelievable
What does he have to do to get impeached kill someone in front of the GOP? This is disgusting beyond words! He has to go #ImpeachTrump
LIES from a lier. Tell me more lies about what happened in Vietnam lowlife
Once again, you jumped on FAKE NEWS. YOU HAVE STOLEN VALOR YOU SHOULD BE IN JAIL
O and by the way, keep up the good work! 
NO more excuses for GOP.  Impeachment is only option.
He's meeting another dictator tomorrow (Europe's perception of Erdogan) ...
Senator Blumental it is what it is nothing should shock you about Babylon the Great 103...Dangerous!Dangerous!Dangerous!Stay Tuned!!!
Trump supposedly told Russkies that ISIS was about to start attacking airliners with computer bombs.  You call that "incalculable damage"?
Richie's a FAKE sen with a FAKE news report, from a FAKE news outlet who is becoming more n more irrelevant, Thats where my money is going.
DJT is a clear and present danger.
Go get him Senator! Remember the WH wanted/expected THIS meeting to be secret.
Let's hear those tapes Donny Boy.
This also helps with Russian propaganda.
we r asking a self involved myopic thinking man to THINK & NOT SPEAK @realDonaldTrump has repeatedly proven he only hears his own voice @cnn
How much more? What is it going to take? Trump to give Putin an office in the West Wing next to Ivanka?
Def not enough
Without  voter ID  laws Putin will be able to vote in next election
Get him out please!
The damage to IC partnerships will last until Trump is gone, at the very least, but likely longer.
This man is an idiot and need to be stopped!  He's throwing America under the train!
The longer we wait the more money he will pilfer. Divided we are vulnerable to N Korean attacks. I don't think we should underestimate Kim.
CHILD PLEASE
