Remember when you vote for republicans.
This is 1 of the many reasons republicans are winning everywhere on every level...
Denying women affordable healthcare ? Awesome
Killing babies isn't health care dip.
Have you ever been to a PP?
Nope.  Why would I??  U ever kill a baby??
So you're not clear at all on what @PPact does. 
Yes Planned Parenthood  murders innocent children with tax payer money.
Killing babies with taxpayer funds isn't cherishing women ass clown.
Why is it crazy to support life?!
That's just what they call themselves to seem valid.  They are really "no-choice" crazies.
I just really need politicians to acknowledge that abortion has not been gov funded for several fucking years -__-
I want gov't funding to go towards saving babies not killing M
Did you not read what I said?? They don't fund it. They stopped funding it since long before this administration.
It's a troll account. Ignore it.
He is so immensely ignorant that he has NO CLUE what he is doing. And sadly, he doesn't read what he signs.
Kind of like all the democrats and Obamacare.
He waited for #SCOTUS nominee confirmation to ensure order is backed and leads to reversal of #Roe
Said. No one ever.
888. That's the number of babies killed at PP each day. So disturbing my Senator worships at the altar of abortion. #ProLife
Back to the old times get ready for ww3 get your kids ready
"cherishing" women is condescending and infantilizing—discrimination disguised as chivalry.  #GOP
The government should not take away a woman's right to control her body.
How about you?  Do you cherish unborn women????  Hypocrite!  One day your knee will bow....
Trump is a total idiot so are the ppl that back him. I don't see America getting any better. Seems like he is bringing America back to the
How was Vietnam?
By denying reproductive health services to millions of economically disadvantaged women, he & others are forcing more families into poverty.
You must be a Democrat that believes in murdering children all in the name of "choice ". Their only choice was to not sleep around.
I have never been so worried for our country.
Many feel the same.
Not me. This might save a life!Only 17 PPs in CT. Fed Qual HC ctrs outnumber 20 to 1. #ProLife
Answer me this. If not a human life, than what is it? I'll support you @SenBlumenthal if you can prove to me that it is not a human life.
BS! Half of all abortion victims are female. You remember that!
Richard Nixon signed #TitleX into law. This shows how far the GOP has strayed. smh
Ultrasounds have come along way since Nixon too. #sciencedenier  #formerfetus
#TitleX is about contrception and family planning not abortion. Nixon signed it before Roe v Wade in 1970. http://ln.is/presidency.ucsb.edu/DHjsq …
There is no need for planned parenthood, everyone has access to healthcare!
.@POTUS offered to fund PP if they stopped doing abortions; somehow they weren't interested! #pjnet
Yeah! "Nobody loves women more than I do." HE'S A LIAR!!
He doesn't care about anyone but himself.
@realDonaldTrump @CNN @FoxNews @seanhannity @GOP @nrlcomm Any organization that sells aborted baby parts for profit should be shut down!
With obamanation care everyone should have insurance to pay to play.
He only cherishes his daughter.  He pays more attention to her than his wife. What does he care about women.His will have free healthcare
We will not fund Abortions with our taxes  - women deserve the choice over their bodies - we deserve the choice of how our taxes are used.
@realDonaldTrump the sexual assault of women is just in another form. It makes @IvankaTrump #complicit .Save planned parenthood!!
As sex objects he means sick fuck belongs in prison as sex offender grown sons too
There are other options! The idea that abortion providers are somehow the only option for women is a well orchestrated, self serving lie.
Oh noes! States controlling their own budgets!
Trump cherishes a woman's most precious gift, a new born child.
Trump does not cherish women. If he likes kids so much why is he CUTTING every program that helps children. And hes been PRO choice 50 yrs.
Is PP a private company?
Aren't you all for states rights or do you just pick and choose
You are kidding us..right?  Believe me sir we #women know who truly care about us and why.
The full quote may actually have been "cherished women's body parts." #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
You pretend to care about women while you pay the women on your staff 73% of what you pay men. Pay me fairly and I'll pay for my own condoms
Oh how people need to keep track, to call all politicians on broken promises and hypocrisy!
Sonstates rights over big government? Why don't you get on board and reduce spending!
Why do my tax dollars need to go to PP??  I don't support abortion which PP does. Thank you Mr Trump!
Don't be so dishonest. States will determine that. Where are your priorities? Women still have access to PP, just as they did last week.
he lives in his own alternative reality - a dystopian world where he is God and King, worshipped and adored by all.
He's a POS who hates women. Face facts. also a bellweather who is trying to satisfy anti- choice voters cuz they are one issue voters.
Really going 2 just lie abt @POTUS did? Wait that's what u lyin Liberals do! He signed law that gives states back control 2 allocate funds
He's lower than pond scum
HPV related preventable deaths in women & men: climbing b/c this action. NO JOKE... restore federal funding of PP services - Experts vs. HPV
Trump has made it very clear how he likes his women: submissive, loyal and reflecting all glory back to him.
Two women came up with the bill.
Cherish woman, and aborting are not the same thing
You are a fraud
PLANNED PARENTHOOD ARE MORE ON FREE ABORTION MEANING MURDERING UNBORN LIVES. THEY ARE NOT GOOD AT ALL. YOU SHOULD BE ASHAME OF YOURSELF!
Withholding payments under ACA and ending TitleX funding is a severe blow to families that are already currently underserved
Isn't that just his euphemism for sexual assault?
He likes to watch.
could also look at it as cherishing babies and life.
How do you figure he doesn't care. They just have to pay for it themselves, maybe get health insurance.
These ideas are not in conflict with each other.
Don't be a political hack! Oh to late!
No YOU remember it, Dick! I'm paid a penny to your dollar while BOTH of us accomplish NOTHING thnx to a dysfunctional EC and nuclear option?
He even cherishes unborn women!!! MAGA
is this anti DICK POST OR WHAT.
@cmaddoxjr
No tax payer $$ for planned parenthood or illegal aliens. Donste all you want but not on my dime. #snowflakes
How about we focus on getting him and the rest of the traitors out of our WH instead of preparing to call him a meany pants when he speaks
Only rich white women. He couldn't care less about underprivileged & uninsured. #WarOnWomen
Life begins at conception, get your head out of your ass!
Your politics are transparent and phony, I will remember you being a political hack!
The key is that states have the power. They can also ensure those programs are funded if they want. Let's be honest, or is that not allowed?
Omg I just can't this man ass Trump ugh...
I personally as a CT tax payer should not have to pay to kill babies. Prevention or abstinence is what should be taught not how many kills.
I think all the liberal states can still provide these services if they choose makes more sense than forcing whole country to support
An important part of cherishing women is not killing them in utero.
While you all stood idly by......


Try working toward solutions instead of hate bashing you don't care about the people only about your party and photo ops smh your a joke
remember that when you want to Kill the Baby
2/ to borrow Russian money when others in the west apparently would not lend to him.
1/ What lingers for DT may be what deals on what terms—he did after the financial crisis of 2008
is this anti DICK POST OR WHAT.
Trump launched 2nd >MOTHER OF ALL BOMBS< to millions of women & men for services @PPact 
When will men take care of their OWN reproduction?
I'm fairly certain men are not the only ones with a say in who gets pregnant. But I'm no bio major...
Simply put.. Sad. 400 Million $ for bombs. Zero for the safety of American women. We should all be ashamed. As a nation. Its ON ALL OF US.
Never trust a Blumenthal! Babies grow up to be women right Blumen-tard?!! #MAGA
He's a lying sack of 
@fancynancysays ‘nobody respects [nasty] women more than me!’
You misspelled "grope".
More like perish than cherish #OrangeFail
Women should cherish themselves FIRST! Not rely on someone else to do it.
PP get half billion tax dollars to serve less than 3m people. If they are so needed they can fund themselves
You win Twitter today sir
POTUS cherishes women but he loves babies  too and he is  not a babies killer.
Cherish women, what a joke he only likes to grab pussy and rape.
He does care for women!! But is your obamacare working? If it was, you wouldn't need title x!! And states can still help.
He does not care for women, just to rape or grab pussy.
@LiveAction @LifeNewsHQ File this tweet w/the "I served in Vietnam." lies.
"let" states end, NOT mandate. Note to the TWITern, be HONEST w/ people who can't parse ur misleading hysterics. States r free to fund.
But where's Ivanka w/ all her feminism cache. Oh, nowhere to be seen, visually or through private influence, as she prefers. This fam has go
And. How many percentage of women voted for Trump?! Apparently majority of women like being "cherished" into the dark ages.
Trump lies. Shocking.
Trump's taxes now!
Oh, yes, he cherishes women.  Isn't that proven by his statement that (without proof to the contrary) Bill O'Reilly has done nothing wrong.
Please keep pounding his heads of staffers male or fem fatels. It appears @PressSec is spooning her at the WH press club. Who's n red dress?
"he cherishes human life"  as Agent Orange forbids tiny babies from coming to the US to be safe and away from "evil" Assad chemical bombs.
He cherishes human life there are plenty of great clinics that do not murder babies
Bullshit - PP is reimbursed for preventative care & charges for care in a sliding scale. 0 affordable HC for women won't prevent abortions
