They are wth is wrong with you?
Thank you for doing this.
Thank you, Senator!!
Thank you, Senator! We appreciate it! 

.
NOW you are going?  My God!  WHY didn't you go weeks ago? Now u are going to indulge in "virtue signaling". What a dirty rotten politician.
Thank you so much!
Senator, Have the PR Gov, Rosselló take you the Middle towns of the island that were hit real hard..Bring your hiking boots !
Be sure to ask if they need more paper towels for the "moron" to throw at them!  His expression of compassion!
They are getting plenty because of President Trump. He doesn’t need your help.
Where did you learn that? Fox News? Must have been since that's all you guys listen to now.
Why don’t you head to Hartford and help resolve Connecticut’s budget crisis.  Stop grandstanding in PR. Not your district.
Ikr
I smell vacation
THANK YOU! It looks like the definition of presidency is now something that is a group effort. Thank God for intelligent people with souls!
It’s about time someone did something! I trust Senator Kaine to tell the TRUTH about the devastation !
Thanks for checking up on our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico.  I believe you will share the truth. And why did FEMA take down info?
Hahahahaha, you really think the dem will speak the truth. Boy people are really that stupid, I thought you all were just mad, but I’ll be damned you are all just weak minded little lib fools. Wonder when trump will be impeached for the Russian collusion? HAS to be any day now!
Thank -you, Senator. Safe travels.
OMG!!! Thank you so much. PLEASE GO outside of San Juan. They are SUFFERING 
While that's great and much needed, what about the U.S. Virgin Islands??
He is a dem and they are not minorities so he can’t use them of course. Did you really not get that
And what the hell are you “making sure of”? Are you going down to talk to Carmen and tell her to stop holding gov workers from helping now? Because feds have send 100% of what they need. #politicalplay
Thank you.
thank you!!!!!!
.Rhan
Glad you are going can't trust Cory Gardner any more than we trust Trump.
This shows a visionary way to rebuild using locals & urban designers
So funny they Dems think this is something other than political theater. Do you think PRs need the Conn Gov there?  They need the same thing they have needed for 50yrs, a local gov that isnt a bunch of corrupt thieves
I hope you are planning a visit to the US Virgin Islands they are Americans too or did you forget!

Glad to hear they'll finally see a govt. official who works
Oh stop watching CNN all day and you would see the miles of help the Fed (trump) send immediately. Stop being part of the problem you weak minded little lib
Thank you Senator. I hope you can get to the interior of the island to see how they are doing.
Prob not because the PR mayor won’t let her workers clear the roads so the Fed asst can get through
Glad to see @SenateDems going to PR.  Dems have to be the guardians of the Republic.
Thanks to you and your four colleagues.
Thank you! 

#51State
Good on you, sir. It's good that someone is doing something more than the orange "President" did throwing paper towel at people there.
Make sure your go outside of San Juan! A lot of people are in trouble, their not in San Juan 
have a safe trip senator... our thoughts n prayers are with all involved...
Thank you 
Make sure you stay there for more than 4 hours lol.
  Thank you. Proud to call you one of my Senators.
Thank you Senator, we are all so worried about our fellow Americans.The unreached are my biggest worry.I have seen so many here cry for them
Senator, my family in Aguas Buenas are hard working teachers and office workers. They have not eaten in 3 days. No food no water nofema.
Water should be free. USA sent enough to float on why us it being sold at this!!!
Please come inland, do not stay in the metro area! You need to talk to people, do not stay in the Command Center; we need you!!!
Thank you senator. Price gauging, donation stealing and selling is a big problem we need more soldiers.
Safe travels but less not forget the USVI. They are in desperate need too
Awesome
Tell them of your bravery in Nam.
Why don't you stay out of everyone's way down there. You can't do anything any way.
Will you please check on the USVI as well?
Going to do some Grandstanding and fake crying?
How bout you worry about CT financial disaster first?
that ONE MAYOR In your own FOUL HATRED to MAKE SURE YOU FIND A WAY to fault our VERY GOOD PRESIDENT FOR ANYTHING YOU CAN!
You sir have already been assured by MANY of the mayors and the GOVERNOR and you KNOW they are getting all we can DO BUT you will seek
They don't need your help. President Trump is handling it with the Military, in which you falsely claimed to serve in Vietnam.
yep takes a libtard to verify there is enough free stuff for dem Votes!
You’d best as the paper towler certainly won’t
We are praying for everybody even Nate coming now
That’s easy. They’re not getting the help they need. Thank you, Senator!
We are praying for them
Bring paper towels.
That appears to be of most help
#Moron
#MoronTrump 
#FuckingMoron
Please be sure to visit the poor cities & neighborhoods. @realDonaldTrump went only to rich enclave. Snowflake in chief can't handle reality
And making sure you get max political points from it
Need a photo op?
Make sure you look pretty Richie for all that MSNBC T.V. TIME !! PHONEY!!!!!!!
Taking your buddy HARVEY Weinstein with you to get in some BEACH TIME? JUST ASKING!
A suit and tie aren't work clothes or are you just going to be a looky lou
Thank you, Senator! Please visit the rural areas which were hit the hardest.
They are getting the help they need stay away
Anasco, Puerto Rico hasn't had a drop of water.
Ty. PR is size of CT & r left adrift. Need solar & wind farms for future.
No tweets on taking campaign $ from a Hollywood sexual predator?
They need help, all they seem to get from FEMA is excuses.
I hope you don't have any flashbacks of Vietnam. Oh, wait ... Poser!
And hopefully you add paying for your own self serving trip to PR.
No comment on your buddy #HarveyWeinstein??? Yet you throw daggers at any fake news against repubs. Such a hypocrite.
Please don’t THROW paper towels at anyone!
Thank you @SenBlumenthal, please inquire about the West part of the island as well to the extent possible.
Great.  Hopefully you can reach #USVI too.  They are also in need of power and infrastructure assistance.
There are terrible, terrible reports coming out from the home highlands and the rural areas.  Please, also, help keep focus on #USVI.
Fight hard for all colonial laws to be rewritten and match globalism. Start with the Jone Act @richard
Are you going to donate the $$$ you got from Harvey Wienstine
Senator Blumenthal you should run for President 2020!!!
Find Greta Van Sustern there & she'll show you what's going on!
Make sure to visit the inner most of the island where FEMA has been three times to get paper work done but not one liter of water nor food
And the US Virgin Islands?
Gees, I wonder if the republican ones will tell him what a failure he is when it comes to helping them?
wow you are actually gonna get of your ass and go see for yourself and not keep grandstanding. u get back make it happen for Americans in PR
Besides the Pentagon Papers, it was individual Senators investigating that blew the cover off Vietnam. Thank you.
Thank you!
You’re such s grandstanding hack! What on God’s green earth is a useless little rich boy line you going to do...hug the mayor of San Juan?
Thank you!
Tell the truth like you do.  Trump removed the stats from the fema website.  Liar!  Again.  1144 times since elected.
A colossal waste of taxpayer money.  What justifies the cost?
Please go to the outlying areas - we need to broadcast the dire circumstances there.  Safe travels and than you!
We know they aren't.  Get Elon Musk involved - he offered to set up a power grid
Wear some work clothes
Thanks for the support. When you come back to fight for a relief budget, also remember that the Jones Act slows progress. It has to go.
Thank you @SenBlumenthaul from your fellow Americans. Good to know there are some grown ups in the crowd!!
Great. I'm glad you're going so that you can tell us the truth
You should stay there dope
You said dope
Please visit rural areas, not affluent communities like Trump did, & while you're there, remember it has been over 2 weeks since Maria hit
Please run for president Senator Blumenthal.
And what is it that you are going to do?
YOU ARE AWESOME. ;) 
Thank you for taking time to actually go see these people. Go to the places on the outskirts of the larger towns . Some people still have 0
Ha-ha a govt official that gets things done. A lot of whining. How's Vietnam? Glad to see you actually doing a photo op. Get hands dirty.
Liar ,traitor ,Connecticut is bankruptcy
Good luck! Tell them we support them 100% even if the President doesn't.
Thanks
That's why I'm PROUD to have you as my Senator! 
You stand up for the little people. 
I'm 51, disabled, and thick you're the BEST guy for us
Do the residents of CT a favor.  Dont come back.  You are an embarrassment to our state.
I look forward to hearing the truth.
The truth is that Blumenthal is a no good grandstanding opportunist going to shoot his mouth off while Ivacationing on an island 4 free
Private flight or first class, privileged white senator takes time out for photo's.
Oh that's rich. Go look at how much Trump staff has been spending on private keys. You people are incredible hypocrites.
dick, you traveling on taxpayer money?
Kind of like the crooks who work for Trump? Price? Munchin?
drinking the democratic koolaid? can't think common sense?
Your prez has a 32% support rating. I'm with the majority so I think that lack would belong to you.
Thank you Sir!  Connecticut cares!
Didn’t Trump forbid you to go there?
Thank you
Thanks you
How  does a senator of a state that is bankrupt believe he will be able to help another bankrupt state?
Thank you Senator, be safe.
Thanks
You are so weak. Typical party line. And lied about Vietnam.
Are you sure you’re not reenlisting to go to Vietnam?
'bout time!!!!!!
Thanks .. #Fake soldier 
Thank you for helping PR Sen. Blumenthal. 
Are you going to show up like you did in Vietnam?
Sounds like a scam to me. PR event.
Really? THIS "sounds like a scam"?JFC, did you do your #DueDiligence on @realDonaldTrump?He's the king of 1 thing-scamming. #TrumpBankruptcy
Consider flying Spirit Air.
3 weeks late
With all due respect just what are you going to to their ,r u bringing water,telephone poles?food?medical supplies? Power cables ,etc
Thank you! My advice would be that Puerto Rico was hurt in all 78 towns!! My fear is that everyone is focusing on part. Visit the west too!!
Thank you!!
CT: highest taxes, companies moving out, roads are a mess.  But u waste tax payer money on your boondoggle
consider staying there
Citizens?? They aren't even a state???
But if he worked for Trump he could take a private jet on the taxpayers dime, right?
Senators will not be flying commercial and taxpayers will pay for it.
Good news, everyone.
How much are you and @BennieGThompson going cost us tax payers for that trip?
Can I go help who's buying our ticteks
@POTUS Senator Blumenthal U tell the Mayor Of San Juan for me this is not the time for her to start any Chaos Vs1600 Penn Ave( Rev 12/21/09)
But we have not there
But it looks bad this is
Opinion
Vietnam stolen Valor
Hope you’ve had updated vaccines! Cholera, Hepatitis, all kinds of bugs there. Pleasehelp thepeople upin the mountains! Noone hasbeen there!
Nothing to see. All A . Trump gave himself A+. Pence will give out rest of the paper towels.
It would be funny if people weren't dying.
Fully agree !
I wish u would do the same for us here in Ct! We need help too
Be sure to drag the GOP guys to the places that are truly still in need!
Shove a little reality right in their faces.
I thought your job was screwing up CT. I hope you are not doing this on the tax payers dime.
And your photo op will look best if you pose in front of tons of supplies in a special-made T-shirt.
Ok you do a good job big boy make sure you ware the right shoes or the left wing media will be all over you
.@senblumenthal Thank you. It won't influence Trump, but it's appreciated.
Please go outside of San Juan.
Thank you
Bring medical supplies, satellite phones #PuertoRicoRelief
PROTIP: Don’t throw paper towel rolls at the people. You should, however, try to get one of those Trump “pendejo” signs as a souvenir.
Please don't spend too much time in San Juan...take photos of the interior & share them!!!
Yes Yes Yes!!!!
Thank you. Please go to the middle of the island
I’m sure you’ll have better luck than the president. Have a safe trip, Senator!
What are you Munching?  I bet I know what. Mmmm tasty carpet?
Oh please Puerto Rico's got plenty of help you're like a hot air balloon just popping all over the place who pays for your travel .we do
Yeah, look at Trump's staff - they are experts at flying around on private jets at our expense.
Thank you Senator Blumenthal. I’m sure the CT families with family in Puerto Rico appreciate anything you can do to help.
Vietnam vet, he lied about his sevice
He also apologized for that. Thank you Steve for your service.
He is a liar! Nothing worse that stolen Valor
I see a whole lot worse sitting in the Oval Office! Yes, Blumenthal made a mistake. He admitted he was wrong and I can forgive that.
Trump will be the greatest President in history after the failed Obama! Obama was a total failure
You can have your opinion and I can have mine thanks to the Constitution of our great nation. That I think we can agree on. Have a nice day.
Thank you. Being as FEMA has removed any negative info from their website, we need some actual facts.
We know some areas are still desperate. Bring stuff w/you!  They prob have enuf papr twls in San Juan.
Hahahaha that's funny as heck!
Thanks. we like honest answers, not photo-ops like buffoon in WH.
Translation: you’ll take pics, lie thru your teeth, pander as usual. Hopefully most of them don’t speak English so they don’t have to listen
Keep us up to date please.
Don't forget to fly coach
I’ve got her phone# if you can help!
we'll save you the surprise: they are not.
Thank you Senator, show them we DO care, even though @potus does not.
Report back the real news. Negative or positive. Tell the truth. Don't be bullied by Trump
Thank you
