No, he has to stay within the parameters Rosenstein gave him.
Those parameters include "any matters that may arise as a result of the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election."
Not true, watch Rod Rosensteins interview.
Read Rosenstein's letter appointing Mueller as Special Counsel.
Watch the interview he just did this weekend.
You mean the one where he said Mueller can investigate and prosecute "any crime he uncovers"?
No the one where any crime discovered outside the parameters he has to ask Rosensteins for permission to precede on any other crimes. Knob
You mean like every other criminal investigation ever? That was never in question. And the word you're looking for is "proceed."

Delusional much Mike? 
#MuellerIsComing
Care to wager?
Since when is Mueller part of the FBI?
I stand by the meme.
Since 2001 - his stint as FBI director and federal prosecutor specializing in white collar crime litigation are why he's leading the charge.
Ended in 2013.  He has no association with any FBI investigation of Trump because there isn't one.
If I lived in CT, I wouldn't vote for you.
Nice! Who wouldn't? Only the ppl that needs freebies... we are moving out of CT
And DNC!
Investigate all you want. There was zero contact with the DNC and Russia. Unlike Trump you also hear zero obstruction. We welcome it.
Zero RNC contact but that doesn't matter
No one said anything about the RNC. Nice deflection away from Trump.
Your point was DMV was clean, fine. Just saying RNC is too. No deflection. A little sensitive are we?
You and your Trumpkin cohort brought it up to deflect. So if you cooks want DNC investigated, then RNC should be too.
Liar!
Thanx
Absolutely. Because we know Russian collusion exists but we must also take down his fraudulent empire.
It does on a liberal mind
thank you!
All "Russian" roads lead back to Hillary Clinton and the DNC. You're fine with Mueller and his Clinton loyalists investigating them, right?
We the ppl will vote #Blueout for good
The American people are behind you & the investigation. The more unhinged Tweets from Trump, the more obvious it becomes he is guilty.
No he is fed up with this liberal globalist funded circus. As anyone would be that is innocent. Let the man do his job! He is doing great
Him doing his job is exactly what we are fighting. And, to save Democracy. Don't worry though, when we do, we will have done it for you too.
Take all he owns!!! It's a ill gotten gain
so then you have no issue following the Obama Clinton connection , right?
Can the US seize Trump holdings under the new forfeiture rules if they are found guilty?
Thanks for your leadership Senator!
Be a real pity if some of those investigations exposed some of your financial dealings, wouldn't it?
Broad indeed....DNC, Wasserman Schultz, 39 congressional Dems, Hillary, Podesta, Rice, Lynch. Agree, must pursue and will.
you are right, trump is a fart LOL  

#Veselnitskaya obtained Hill Russia hearing seat from former Florida Trump campaign chair's husband  http://abcn.ws/2ur1biT  #trumprussia
Dont forget to add @HillaryClinton and her financial dealings @SenBlumenthal .
I know you're talking about the Clintons and not Trump!
It will lead to money laundering & his sexploits.
Thank you for being a truly solid human 
A fishing expedition should be tried on Wasserman-Schultz, DNC, Fusion, Hillary, and House Dem Caucus. Support @POTUS #MAGA
Past dealings have nothing to do with current issues. We want to see all of you crooked politicians under investigated. Derp state crap
Right on!
Got that orange baboons colon squirmin'
Hope they take his Traitor name off everything.
Erase him like he tries to erase Obama
I thought you guys said the Russians hacked the elections and that's why you lost. So now your changing it to "financial dealings?" SO Sad!
What are you hiding Blumenthal?  Why are you so anxious to incite a coup on our President that we the people elected???  WHY?
and your just foaming at the mouth...lets investigate you ..
The counsel if for investigating Russian collusion. How about looking into how many times the pres uses the bathroom too? This is rediculous
@Robert__Mueller @SenatorSession Goodluck reviewing Miss Univ 2013 in Moscow. Leave no #trump stone unturned? #maga ?
Quick--Please point to Vietnam on a map.
We need to see trumps tax returns!  Even if only Congress sees them they need to be seen to show what possible russian connections
The President is doing a fantastic job, he would do better IF he has support from congress. Why are you hating so much? Make the US better!
Study shows 2 out of 3 trump supports are just as stupid as the other 1.

The NYTimes exposed him way before the election. It is NOT fake news. This was on Dutch TV two months ago
...and the Clintons!
Urgency is investigating the person currently in power representing our country.Clinton /Clintons can wait.
My thoughts, and could be wrong, but this is the tweet that likely set Trump off. He tends to react when he feels the heat.
Limited to campaign only.  Should not be a witchhunt.  Sets poor precedent.
Or "any matters which arose or may arise from the investigation." Trump's money laundering is fair game.
Counsel should look at all Russia links. Not just Trump.
They are looking at all the Russian links and they all lead to Trump.
Hardly, better look again at the entire Clinton - Podesta clan.
Pure deflection again. Hillary isn't president. There was no intercepted Russian chatter between HRC and Russia, only Trump.
Deflection when guilt is elsewhere? No. HRC has always been dirty. You r very confused, but no pt in continuing. You will see.
So that's why he's so mad at you. Keep fighting the good fight!
Thank you
Have to switch gears because collusion is going nowhere.  You are all liars in the swamp
YAY!!
YOUR A #DEMONICCRAT
I THINK THEY SHOULD CHECK YOUR CLOSET
YOU'RE A FRAUD A  BIG STORY TELLER BUM SHAME ON YOU BUM WANTS TO TAKE THE HEAT OFF HIMSELF FOR TELLING LIES
Including all financial dealings w/Russians!  Including the Clintons!
Nope. He should not. The entire Russia-Trump "collusion" ploy based on fake "Golden Shower" dossier.  Anyone seen Glenn Simpson lately?
A house sold 10 years ago=ESP? Stop this shit. Supporters are PISSED, the Game to stop My President takes the USA down Bad path. Think aHole
HE NEEDS TO FOLLOW THE CLINTON MONEY WITH RUSSIA.SHE COMMITTED ALL SORTS OF CRIMES.HER TIME IS COMING.WE WILL DEMAND MUELLER 2 STEP DOWN.
Are you just OUT OF TOUCH with reality like the other SWAMP RATS whove been in office WAY TO LONG? IT'S BEEN A YR NOW & there are boundaries
Does that include the past administration and Hillary campaign?  That's where you will find the real corruption. You support that effort?
Your a wacko chasing butterflies.  You lie so no point in listening to you. Stop wasting taxpayer money, jerk.
Manufactured distraction from @dnc ACTUAL crimes & fraud
You know you're on to something YUGE when Trump starts baby Tweeting. Lock them up Sir.

Touché
corrupt person liar
Blu, we're looking into YOU. Skeletons. Hmmm
You dems sure like those mandates dont ya pos
If a special prosecutor EVER investigated senate lies, we would have MAYBE 2 clean Senators. Blumenthal wouldn't be one of them
Try DNC and all of you corrupt Democrats.  Be careful what you wish for many of you corrupt Dems could go down.  Lol. @SenBlumenthal
Yessir! It's gonna be like Mardi Gras and New Year's Eve rolled into one when T and the Grifter Gang members are convicted!!
Trump 
Making America Gullible Again
Making America Homophobic again
Making America uninsured again
Making America racists again
#Trumplies
Taj Mahal SEC violations were pure money laundering
And the Clinton Campaign and Lynch, etc. etc.
Keep fighting the good fight.
Broad, yet limited mandate to "the campaign." Psst, the campaign is over so there's no present. Wake up. Sleep apnea?
Faux sens like YOU are exactly why USA is in this condition. Lets find your big $ ties. Americans done with political bs that YOU represent.
Thanks for your efforts. He's already broken law enuf for articles of imp. Let  Republicans vote against it. Put Repubs on record.
Trump had a campaign 8 years ago, when he sold his house to a Russian......OMG U did it you have the smoking gun!!!!
U. S. Elections were effected BY PEOPLE RUSHING...VOTERS "RUSHIN" to Vote for TRUMP. "NOT Russian" it was "RUSHING" Rushin TO BOOTHS TO VOTE
If Trump gets his way, FCPA will be gone!
Richard Blumenthal
President Trump really "got to you" didn't he!  Good, you're a fake!  Take a shower, you DIRTY DOG, I mean, Senator!
You Sir, are a Hero!#HeroesResist
Your a fraud senator, if you cared about the law you would hold Clintons accountable. Follow the money right to the Clintons. #MAGA
Follow the money straight into the Clinton's bank account. PAY FOR PLAY and mountains of evidence proving it. YOU DONT CARE ABOUT THE LAW.
THEN you shouldn't have a problem with Mueller doing that with 535 members of C & the Clinton campaign.  Mueller is wasting TAX DOLLARS.
If you had any interest in justice you woukld insist that the Clinton campaign be included in this investigation, or are you afraid to ?
Maybe the DA office should look into your financial dealings. I heard you didn't pay your taxes also like most cheating Democrats
Funny,they R dems,wanting us 2 b like Venezuela, what's that tell ya folks,watch hillary s America obamas america.both on DVD/ books.true
Hillary, this is a cover up.

WE DEMAND 2 NO ABOUT THE REAL CROOKS,WE'RE HEARING CIVIL WAR OUT HERE A LOT,WOULDN'T BE SURPRISED,NRA,POLICE,MILITARY R WAITING 2 C IF WE DO
R u 1 of those idiots that think he had a real estate deal 10 yrs. Ago with someone & he should of said,I can't sell 2 U,ur Russian,Scam
What about the Clinton campaign...you clearly lose your bias in each tweet you attempt
TAKE A NAP N GET SOBER. NOT MORE TEQUILA FOR TODAY
That Sir and I use the term loosely is called a fishing expedition and is ILLEGAL!
What would they find if they looked at the Clinton Foundation trail of money while she was Secretary of State, & Senator of NY?
To clarify when Senator Blumenthal said special counsel must pursue all financial dealings he was talking about trumps dealings not his own.
Missed you! Love it! DICK is busy pandering it doesn't always come out right
You are dishonest and refuse to accept America's vote! You are unAmerican!
Cool.  Thanks for your service.
2 faced coward and hipocrate
Why did Comey not request a special counsel to investigate Clinton? Is it because Lynch told him to keep it quiet? U r a hypocrite
months without proof = obstruction and snipe hunting. Do you have any proof? Didn't think so. #obstructionist
You really struck the petulant toddler's singular nerve keep up the amazing work & don't let his unfounded bullying slow your determination
Money made them believe they were above the law.  Now it will lead the law to them!
Have you ever dealt with Russia? Has Obama? Has #Podesta molesta? Has #CrookedHillary ? I say follow #Clinton money for real collusion!
Full investigation of trumps financial connections to Russians is needed
Don't let trump stop you orget the upper hand. We believe in you.#resist
How abt you worry more abt important shit like Healthcare, Tax reform,  Infrastructure repair, JOBS & our national security instead of !
Impeach.  Impeach.  Impeach.  What are you waiting for....Trump invite Putin to Camp David aboard Air Force One.
The Money Laundering Trumps.There R many corrupt Senators that have  been bought @BobSMueller TRUTH 4 American democracy
Mueller"s investigation is nothing but partisan hackery. All on Mueller's team are HRC donors & a Wash D.C. Grand Jury is all Democrats. 
Maybe they should dig into every campaign member's military service. Make sure none of them lied or exaggerated their service, am I right?
Your fake claims of Russian collusion are as bad as your disgraceful claims about your nonexistent military service in Vietnam! #StolenValor
Nope, Hillary Clinton written all over this and you know it, how complicit are YOU?
Because the grooming and collusion has been going on for years!
Surprised Deputy AG sided 100% on the law. This SHOULD be a grace for Trump, to prove his 'innocence.' Yet he may have to pardon his sons...
You are a first class jacka$$
your wrong again why don't you hear the DOJ what muller is doing. Not what your say

I don't recall ever a time in US history that a Special Prosecutor has been appointed to FIND a crime to prosecute.
Mueller MUST Prove reliable, reasonable cause exists.
Mueller has no proof Trump committed conspiracy

Ok. Let's start pursuing ALL politicians' financial dealings.  Figure out how they become multi-millionaires on a Fed salary!
So when are they going to get to the Clintons??
Don't forget about @MarkWarner financial dealings with Russia.
Apparently you've hit a nerve.  Perfect!
Investigate senators financial dealings with lobbyists
I love listening to the many people who are leaving the corrupt democrat party. Hearing that a lot lately
You really should investigate your own party's corruption instead o covering 4 Hillary/Obama. Clean it up or democrats may never win again

Keep on laughing. I am laughing at  U laughing at me.  HAHA  Have another helping of democrat 
https://twitter.com/cyvault/status/894550359150125056 … #Liar
 I'll just leave this video of Richard Blumenthal lying right here.

#MondayMotivation 
Past? Counsel appointed to look at any possible campaign collusion. Mueller is now looking at 2011 financials. That's not campaign related.
#25thAmendmentNow
You are a complete joke
What does past have to do with it should only be about the election not what he did as a private citizen
Lets go back ten years? Why? Do they have that big of a budget? CT does not have a budget
With broad mandate...special counsel can take down anyone. Best be careful Duck, wouldn't want to see you get snared in the net.
Many business owners have bought/sold property to Russians, Chinese. Hell, the Chines own many companies here. Not a crime.
Don't let @realDonaldTrump bully you into silence; you are a true American HERO!! #TrumpRussia #FINCEN #RICO #Liar-In-Chief
The "Witch hunt" should include a background check on YOUR financial dealings as well. There's NO COLLUSION. #MAGA.
With this thinking shall we look at Clinton Fund past and present AKA pay to play? how clean are YOUR hands???? U know we will turn tables
How about AIPAC buying the AMERICAN #Congress? That's allowed because then how else would ISRAELget our Military to  fight it's wars? @POTUS
Check bitcoin
Past financial dealings of a then private citizen WHEN NO CRIME HAS BEEN FOUND??!!  Will you do that to any CT citizen to save your job?
You can't fool me. With all the manure your spreading you must be riding a democratic donkey.

Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a  phony Vietnam con artist!
Yes !!!!
Trumps been AUDITED so many times by OBAMAS IRS. The only thing Mueller will find now is that Truml paid a s*It load of taxes. #liar #sad

You're a phony liar  you never served Blumy, @realDonaldTrump you are Awesome! We will defend you and their upcoming coup!!!
Agree! And when Mueller trips over all the corruption of HRC and BHO during his investigation, your arse goes to jail! I'll save this tweet!
Stop wasting taxpayers money on our elected president. Open your eyes to real clinton crimes and comey coverups
Crimes like what?

So you have nothing you've personally researched?
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a  phony Vietnam con artist!
@realDonaldTrump Hey Blumenidiot, Investigate Clinton Foundation, DNC leakers, Hillary's misdealings & Obama's corruption and lies! #Traitor


BREAKING: FBI email dump reveals collusion between media and DOJ to squash 2016 Lynch Clinton meeting
 http://therightscoop.com/breaking-fbi-email-dump-reveals-collusion-between-media-and-doj-to-squash-2016-lynch-clinton-meeting/#ixzz4ooNXPXxM …

Yet you don't give 2 craps about Hillary's financial "dealings".  And you lied about your service. But I guess you want us to forget that
You false claim of being a VN Vet, destroys any credibility you ever had. Asst AG says "that would be outside of his mandate.Drain the Swamp
The Russian Ruse has been investigated for over a year? It's a Pipe Dream!!! Wake up do your job stop the Fake Narrative
Wow I guess people in our state don't get in your face like they do the so called @SenateMajLdr there's no need to. But I notice many bots
Why stop at Russian involvement if discovery shows criminal activity with other sources?
What about Hillary and Bill?  This nullity has reached preposterous levels. CT deserves better.
"Stop the Insanity"
Don't forget China!
since the Russians used a crystal ball to know trump would run for POTUS, you should give Mueller a time machine #conspiracy
YES!
Stop obstructing the investigation
When is someone going to investigate the Clintons?

How much money are you going to waste on this big bunch of nothing
This is all based on one half assed meeting !  How ridiculous.  No intelligent prosecutor would ever pursue this Bull.
And all politicians dealing wth larry king and john podesta type people tht hurt children
This Russia crap is getting old...what you gonna do about all the black on black violence in CT and USA

https://twitter.com/liz_wheeler/status/865699164851552256 … Really?
We finally have proof of inappropriate financial dealings with Russia. 
