Thank you. The "alternative fact" is that the Senator from Mass. was "out of order." Truth is never "out of order."
It's more than truth, it's fact.  Sorry your ideology blinds you to that.
When you have to stoop to calling people names, there is no point in communicating.Thank you for serving our country.Gbless
When the actions support the claim, that's truth, not name calling.   Sessions actions are racist whatever his views.
#MarcoRubio
bunch of #crybabies. I'll Never Ever Vote for a #Democrat Again. @DNC
Let's protest. Using Soros' money we aid the economy and provide psychologic relieve to the Democrats' leadership.
Habitual Liar. Gorsuch did not mention @POTUS by name.
If it was done in honesty and with respect and not just an attempt by a party MY FAMILY WAS ONCE proud of
Warren violated senate rules. Telling her to shut up is long overdue. BTW - King is dead as are her words. People change.
Vietnam.  Really?  Shame on you

Senator Blumenthal has been a great Senator.
Then every american that writes a letter deserves to have it read. #letamericabeheard even those who lie about their service
you need to get these out of office ASAP.
she played the race card you hypocrit
.@SenBlumenthal Why did you lie about serving in Vietnam? What else have you lied about? #NationalPizzaDay
@FreeBeaconOMG HE'S A MEGA LIER!!
OMG you're a MEGA ILLITERATE
OMG LIKE I REALLY CARE WHAT YOU THINK!MEGA NO!!!!
She was heard. 19 wasn't about Coretta's letter. Clean up you act Senator and get something done for the American people.
stolen Valor!!!!!
Seems like a lot of senators' pants are on fire
http://www.foxbusiness.com/politics/2017/02/08/dr-alveda-king-sen-warren-used-king-name-to-stir-up-emotions.html …
shame to u.apologize to the vets.u lied llike most of your demmy lefty friends.u were to afraid to face combat
Don't need paraphrasing of behind closed door convos, or for you to speak for Mrs. King. Leave that to @AlvedaCKing & Gorsuch
at least he is not a liar like U R about service..
if he is such a racist why was he present at the library 
function & 37% of Mississippians are black but they elect him
Connecticut economy described as worse than Puerto Rico.  What a leader.
nope. She's a liar just like you. It would be different if you had absolute facts, but no, you're both slandering SNAKES.
A confirmed liar is lying agajn. She was silence due to reading Ted Kennedy's disgraceful comments and her commentary on CSK.

Tell us about the time you served in Vietnam again? #Lies
I'd like to hear YOU speak about what you did during the Vietnam war, senator. How does it feel to be a fraud?
After lying like you did, how are you still a Senator? Glass houses buddy
Democrats r proving 2 USA how evil they r. U R holding up democracy because U lost IT ALL. USA tired of a losing government
Trump lied about winning popular vote by some conspiracy 3 million illegal votes. Take your pick, so many Trump Lies
like ur fake news about ur service in Vietnam? I'm sure u don't want old "sins" of urs 2 come out! Democrats don't play fair!
remember when you were in Vietnam? No? Me either.
You should go sit down next to Pocahontas & shut your lying mouth.
Did you hear Tim Scott speak ??You should take his remarks seriously! Educate yourself on the KKK ! 
you're are liar fact how many years did u serve in Vietnam, Warren liar fact did u know she is Native American #truthhurts
- It is TIME to CLEAN out the SWAMP of people like you, E. Warren, Pelosi, Waters and many more!
Being the target of @realDonaldTrump's deranged tweets is a badge of honor. Keep up the good work and fight on!
Reply to @SenBlumenthal As a lifetime resident of the great State of Connecticut, I have to say how very proud I am of our two Senators.
ICYMI, Sessions is Now Attorney General Sessions!
should ask why @realDonaldTrump lied about being against the war in Iraq, that Muslims cheered at 9/11, Obama born in Kenya..
Have you seen the video with Ms King thanking Jeff Sessions? Do you homework. How pathetic!
Never Underestimate The Importance Of a Stupid Person In a Large Crowd
So it's ok for dems to break the rules and should be able to get away with it because they are dems? Dems are two faced.
In World War II the average age of the combat soldier was 26
In Vietnam he was nineteen
In Vietnam he was nineteen
You're a liar.  Shame on you!
you have no moral high ground. How do u miss peak about service? #scumball #stolenvalor
@POTUS @SenWarren @SenSchumer can we hear about your army record? #tellthetruth
Stolen Valor snake.  You swallowed Gorsuch bait hook line and sinker.
we know a woman has no place in Senate. Women speaking? What next? #blackrights? #gayrights? Sad! Not what America "wants"
@mitchellreports Andra does another hit job on Sessions asking Sen Blumenthal, "How closely will you watch sessions now?" MCM
violated trust! Private Conversation w/ Judge, Cant trust you anymore! 4your own Glory you violated trust, Like Vietnam lies
Can we also hear more about your Vietnam service?
Thank God! FBI and AG Sessins to arrest 70 pedosex criminals! Justice!!!! Jail is waiting for these monsters!!!
- Is it true that you didn't serve in Vietnam? I believe  that claim merit breaching  the stolen valor act?
You lied about Vietnam and being on the swim team. 
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2010/05/18/nyregion/18blumenthal.html?_r=0&pagewanted=all&referer …
You and other Dems should speak out much more against this evil Trump administration.
Is this true?
How is it that someone that lies as much as you #Veitnamvet and still remains in office
she tried to use others words who long ago reconciled with a GOOD MAN Mr. Sessions to DEFAME him and call him racist!
no they did not because the good things she said were not also added along with his NAACP award in 2009 SHE BROKE the rules.
it's about lies and distortion coming from the democrats as usual!  You hacks all need to retire. Liars and hacks!
Re: Gorsuch.  Showed ZERO class revealing supposed contents of private discussion.  A Vietnam liar has no honor.  Pathetic.
#fakevet
Maybe before you run your mouth you should listen to what Alveda King who was the assistant to Coretta Scott King has said
.@SenBlumenthal How about U speak about your involvement in #PedoGate #Pizzagate? http://truthuncensored.net/fbi-pizzagate-arrest-imminent-washington-pedophile-ring-bust-video/ … @SenatorSessions PLS investigate.
LOL U are a fake Viet Nam vet and @senwarren is a fake Native American. Birds of a feather
Real soldiers fought so we could speak @senwarren was breaking senate rules.  I understand y u guys support each other LOL
POTUS TRUMP right.facts verified.no Vietnam service.lying Sen..disgusting.distortion  SCOTUS comments.USA evicting YOU NOW
.@SenBlumenthal #NoCredibility "I wore the uniform in Vietnam and many came back to all kinds of disrespect."
stolen valor..
slime.
he's brave for standing up against facism. More of a Patriot than you would ever hope to be #ResistTrump
will u guys ever stop crying? Ever?
If you want #CorettaScottKing to be heard, she praised.@jeffsessions for Rosa Parks museum. You're a lying, bigoted racist!
STOLEN VALOR 
still waiting on your apology to the real Vietnam war veterans!!!
you have no credibility
Race baiting makes you a racist too.  You being a Nam veteran should know better than to question the integrity of others.
So u lie about serving in NAM n Warren Lies about being American Indian N u both lie about #Sessions Thx 4 playn @POTUS #MAGA
How was the "incoming fire" in Nam?! Oh yeah u FN lied about serving in NAM U try n take morale high ground? #Vietnam #MAGA
Sen Warren pretends to be Indian, Blumenthal pretends to be a Vietnam vet, Pelosi pretends to be sane. WTH is going on here?
A letter 30 years ago does not reflect reality! Facts not fiction
We are a land of laws! Why do you defend a colleague who violates a rule of the Senate. Not a good example!
how many tours in vietnam did you engage the enemy, sir?
#LetCorettaSpeak #letlizspeak Why should Senate be used as forum for slander? King angry friend being sued by BLACK officials
you are wrong, and cannot be trusted.
but we do hope you and your cronies prop lizzy up in 2020, it'll be an epic loss
You, @SenWarren & others have tried to destroy a great man AG Sessions. You will not succeed. Ppl voted 33 states 4 Trump
Once again you have shown ppl how disgraceful you are by going to microphone & exposing a personal conversation w/Judge
Ur DISHONESTY shadowing Americans on a path to vote u/others/obnoxiousWarren OUT! @SenWarren @PelosiNews @POTUS @cnn @maddow
you culuded with CNN! Its in wiki leaks! Sounds like Putin's paradise. News being propaganda as an arm for the democraticpart
I thought you had a private conversation with the Judge! I guess not
Shove that lie down his throat. Publicize it every day. How dare he use our military.
I served on board the USS Daniel Boone 86 to 90. Any1 who claims 2 have actually but never had is a POS.
Thank U, Sen. for serving in Vietnam & for capturing the carnivorous Canadian unicorns before they could invade #StolenValor
Senator, you actually lied about serving in Vietnam? Is this true? Can't be because no one would vote for a known liar! 
Any thoughts on Coretta thanking Sessions for his involvement with Rosa Parks Library? #LetCorettaSpeak #LetCorettaBeHeard
hello! That letter had to do with a political dispute & electoral rigging between allies of King Fam & others, u figure
Why? Do MLK III's statements supporting Trump deserve "consideration" too? You guys are as phony as CNN.
well I would assume that any Republican white male Senator would be able to quote whoever they want, right?
if sessions is so racist why not speak out against years ago?
You need to tell that rotten orange goblin that's squatting in the People's White House that he's the original king of liars.
Is spreading FAKE NEWS!!!
just another pathetic liberal liar. Taking credit for service in Nam. Stolen Valor!!!
so glad all noms are being confirmed and nothing you can do
yes she is a liar like you. she lied about heritage and you lied about service. thank god you both are on way out
King's Niece DISAGREES with you pulling the race card. Fact Check.
just remind your kids the pizza is awesome and the coleslaw is icky
your kids will now have a lifetime pass to a school with equal opportunity like mine of course
GOP angry a letter is read about gutting voting rights for blacks but not made about gutting voting rights.
5 deferrals for Vietnam? 1st Sgt, 3 tours in Vietnam chopper pilot, White Knights, Bronze Stars, Purple Heart. U R a coward
