More than 1/3 of Puerto Rico lacks clean water. Infectious diseases are spreading. Americans are drinking water from hazardous waste sites.
Americans deserve to know what CDC and HHS are doing to address faltering Puerto Rico response and forestall unprecedented illness & death.
Without rapid action to prevent epidemics & stop spread of diseases, treating sick Puerto Ricans will burden an already stressed system.
HHS and CDC must prioritize disease control, prevention, and treatment - to prevent worsening of crisis and allow Puerto Rico to recover.
It is a deep disservice to Puerto Ricans for the difficult questions being asked of federal relief agencies to continue to go unanswered.
Why is the US military or National Guard not using our logistical capacity to air drop water and food to those isolated in Puerto Rico?
Why are only a handful of patients in the Comfort when we know people are in need of medical care?
We need to help PR. ITS DIRE!
#cabucom101
Why does the president do everything in his power to hurt us?Why doesn’t gop congress uphold their oath to check the president?
I don't think I've seen it worded better: everything in his power to hurt us. He is doing just what he always wanted - to unravel Obama.
I spent 3 weeks in P.R.  desperate need to get the electric on. Hospitals can't provide care, garbage piling up, rats = diseases = deaths
My friend cant locate her mother..?!! What should she do?? We raising $
Seems like that's what's happening, Senator. Where is the aid? Where is the Check and Balance that was supposed to protect us in this event?
What's your plan to help?
You already have turned a blind eye... duh
Puerto. Rico debt must be absolved and It should become the 51st state of the U S-Commonwealth slavery is not in America’s constitution .
Gove the President a break.  The roads in Puerto Rico are horrible.  Anyone who has not been to Puerto Rico doesn't understand this.
@vsansome About 30-35% Have....Just Following Their "liddle dictator"!
PLEASE ACT NOW TO SAVE OUR COUNTRY! TRUMP IS HORRIFYINGLY DANGEROUS!
Is it possible he wants it to collapse so he and his friends can go in, rebuild and claim?
That's my thoughts. Buy it all up for a dime
The reason is unimportant right now as people die. Who do the people go to t9 light a fire under someone’s ass to do something?
P.S.  Respectfully go fight for PR/tweet about that, I have.  For me asking questions/planting seeds are important as well.
Oh, I have been. For weeks. The people that need to know, that can do something know. PR does not have time to let seeds grow.
Hypocrisy is a disease. Puerto Rico has been in Crisis before Maria, & you turned blind eyes. 
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/business/dealbook/puerto-rico-debt-bankruptcy.html …
Don't you ever get tired of lying ?? Oh i forgot you are the left !! Stop the drama everything is being done for PR !
Shut up lier
Many friends and customer of mine in PR tell me they are restoring to drinking SEWAGE because they have no water. Water plants down!
trump must be removed from office- Killing Americans is unacceptable -impeach him now
Yes we can. They owe the rest of us $70 billion. No more help until a repayment plan is in place. This also affects the #CTBudgetCrisis
Easy to wish people dead as long as it doesn't affect you, am I right?
Living in Connecticut, the mass migration here will affect us. We’ve seen their best, and when they bring their worst, it will collapse us.
Then why not help them rebuild so they don't have to leave? They have the same right to non-carcinogenic water as you
They owe $70 BILLION already in their own homeland, while we give millions yearly in welfare to inner cities they’ve destroyed here.
How about you work on your man made disasters such as Chicago. You gun control guys need to look at the results of your work. Trump has PR.
For your reading pleasure however not expecting it as you swamp creatures are notorious for not reading anything..
I have been to Puerto Rico 18 times don't sit back and armchair quarterback this if you don't know the true conditions.
Agreed. Unfortunately, it seems like sending military/National Guard in larger number is too much to ask. #PuertoRicoRelief now.
The only way Puerto Rico can truly be helped is removing these traitors from the White House
Why aren’t there patients on the white ship with Red Cross on it???
Our leader is blind deaf and dumb !
Trump's Katrina!
"We can't turn a blind eye" If you must politicize this tragedy along with everything else have the courage to just blame Mr Trump by name.
We can certainly turn a blind eye, it's called "RepubliCON Governance"
firm principles dictate Trump discloses all tax filings, corp & private, over recent 10 yr. period before tax reform is discussed
It ought to look like a fucking, full-force invasion WEEKS AGO, after PR's infrastructure was decimated.  @POTUS ONLY CARES ABOUT HIMSELF!
Better do something Senator. Or else you will all have blood on your hands.
Please do all you can to support our fellow Americans in PR
And Chicago ? You turn a blind eye every weekend . Clearly democrap gun control doesn't work..
I said water borne illness before it struck.
Agree....
Trump & republicans can & have turned a blind eye & their backs on these American citizens. Sad
#USVIGenocide 
#PuertoRicoGenocide
Any Congressional leader with human decency would act. Of course, leadership is in short supply in partisan war
It is devastatingly inhumane what @realdonaldtrump is doing.
Every day someone should be presenting Articles of Impeachment on Trump - EVERY DAY. ONE DAY THEY WILL STICK - Country over Party.
These dates have always bothered me...could be nothing but just too weird.
How is Trump allowed to lie so shamelessly about the situation in PR....????
Is there nothing else that can be done? UN? UNICEF? WHO? We can NOT keep waiting for some legislative miracle given the critical need.
Thank you, @SenBlumenthal, for speaking out on behalf of Puerto Rico amidst the vacuum of leadership @WhiteHouse. cc: @CarmenYulinCruz Cru
Please retweet & share this everywhere:
Nonprofits, corporations, individuals are all trying. Even foreign entities! US government is major fail. #wewillremember
Sure you can, the President is, like the boss of blind eyes.
Nothing will change as long as we have a maniac as a Leader.....  #PrayersforPuertoRico
If you want to do something, then fucking do something, you're a goddamn senator in the political party in control of the entire fed govt
Oh but we (the Federal government controlled entirely by the @GOP) has absolutely turned a blind eye. Listen to your own Dear Leader.
No one is turning a blind eye Dickie Boy, u just want people to believe that they are!
Wait we're out there... yet the island had 2 hurricanes and is destroyed ... talk bout that horrible governor out there!!
Who is turning a blind eye Richard?
IMPEACH  It's #Genocide @SenBlumenthal

PUT UP SOME OF YOUR PERSONAL MONEY INSTEAD OF BULLSHITTING
Why not? Trump is. He's our leader, shouldn't we follow our leader? #sarcasm #impeachandremove #DonaldTrump #WorstPresidentEver
I got all fired up until I saw your sarcasm hashtag! 
Lol!
Stop pontificating and go down there and do something.
Where's your bill for funding?
But 'turn a blind eye' is precisely what Chump has done to PR
Why don't you talk to your counterpart Democrats down there.They may have something to do with the corruption that's causing this.
. --->
Too bad we have a fake government! Genocide is on their hands!
Well, then we better start talking about it all day every day
A leader who cares less about the protection of his citizens is unworthy to lead and a vial human being.
How is it that Puerto Rico waited over a week for the HOSPITAL SHIP SITTING NEAR THE ISLAND OF PUERTO RICO WITH OVER 200 BEDS AVAILABLE
And people that need help are in  a make shift hospital in an ELEMENTARY SCHOOL WHEN THEY CAN BE TAKEN CARE OF ON BOARD THE HOSPITAL SHIP
Just think what those #ClintonFoundation #Weinstein dollars could do for #PuertoRico. Too bad #Hillary won't part with them.
Well Chelsea needs a new pony or something.
We haven’t yet
So let's #ImpeachTrump already so we can get back to taking care of fellow American as we should.
Where were you in past when PR infrastructure needed repaired ?How many people died because of you ? Resign and get off the Russian payroll
Their infrastructure have collapsed before the hurricane because of all the corruption which is also why they couldn't pay their debt
They are just waiting to buy it up cheap!!!!  #Monsters
I'm so sad that my family and friends are being treated like second class citizens.
Yes donate from your estate
We aren’t they need to help their selfs as much as the government does
OK. Do something other than tweeting. Isn’t that part of your job?  I’m confused but people are dying, right now.
I'm confused, do you think @SenBlumenthal is Republican?  
Dems have the votes to help but as minority cannot authorize the aid...
No. I am just amazed that GOP isn’t responding and that people are dying as a result of politics. This is the USA. Isn’t it?
Not just a result of politics, but media conveniently ignores the story as well. 
@SenBlumenthal is doing a service calling attention to it.
I suspect if he were in the majority, @SenBlumenthal would do far more than has been done.  Not every congressperson is equally to blame..
Meanwhile the Orange Fraud is coming off another golf weekend....
Dems and Republicans need to stop this fighting and set an example. Work together and just get it done.
Just because the government has abandoned them does mean, we do. Adjust your budgets, give what you can. If you give $1 that's $321 Million.
Yet we are.
Where is CONGRESS ???
@realDonaldTrump, are you paying attention? Do you even care? This is what you’ll be remembered for. The collapse of Puerto Rico.
Bloomie please try to remembr Puerto Rico was in dire straights financially b 4 the hurricane s,and their infrastructur was like 3rd world
I believe 69 House Republicans had a cold heart and two blind eyes  #theydontcare #PuertoRicoStrong
Please help promote these guys, they are air dropping aid in PR NOW! #PuertoRicoReliefNOW
Taking off today  for deliveries to Utuado and Las Marias #PuertoRico #hurricanerelief 
Your party turned a blind eye for years, tolerating all sorts of financial corruption. Then disaster strikes and you blame others.
MAKE trump PAY THE 33MIL TO OWES PUERTO RICO.
Three hurricanes I say president Trump did wonderful Puerto Rico was already in despair and broke before the hurricane hit. Pffft
Thank you senator from the bottom of my Puerto Rican American heart. Muchisimas gracias 
Private citizens aren't turning a blind eye, but POTUS is.
Senator…what does the 3-star have to say about this? Are you in touch with him?? Getting what he asks for??
Agreed. You must push Trump to do more or, since he is a mental traitor, push him to resign immediately, especially as he is very senile.
Thanks for your words, Senator. What are Dems doing to help PR and replace this monster?
Please! There are a lot of people there helping There can never be too much help. Focus on CT collapse
YES

Thanks @SenBlumenthal for NOT forgetting our fellow Americancitizens who are SUFFERING in #PuertoRico
Nearly a month after Maria, Puerto Rico is teetering toward a terrifying collapse with deadly consequences. We cannot turn a blind eye.
9months later our country itself is teetering. Remove unfit imposter from the White House. #ImpeachTrump
They have been on the verge of a collapse of their own making for years. I'm all for humanitarian aid. The rest is up to them.
Thank you Sen Blumenthal for your example of Servant Leadership, Integrity and Moral Courage. We need you.
I wonder what the half a million homeless people on our mainland are doing today?
I doubt they're drinking toxic waste
Very sad that PR officials opened up that possibly contaminated water supply for the people
Yet nobody is demanding impeachment for Trump's deliberate genocide.
Is everyone getting that much of a payoff? That is what I truly believe. No one can be this incompetent it's beyond my mind and heart.#HELP
He is only incompetent if you believe blumenidiot
We can't but Dump will.
Do you think that is from the complications of the hurricanes, or the bankruptcy, or both?

WE'RE not turning a blind eye-talk or tweet to that disgusting monster in the WH-he just claimed he got an A+ for hurricane response
I resent U being a senator, I actually served &U lied about it &no one holds U responsible 4 Ur lies,too many died& Uescape accountability
How about donating some of your millions Richard !
#DepravedIndifferenceToHumanLife #crimesAgainstHumanity @treason #TrumpCrimeFamily #emoluments #trumpRussia #impeach
Enough talk time to take action the world needs to help Puerto Rico first with the clean water before its to late!!!!!!
Perhaps you should mention that to the President,  because he sure the hell doesn't give a damn,  Thousands are at risk...
Y do voters turn a blind eye 2Ur lies about Ur military service, U never served in Vietnam,same blind eye about Hillary &Harvey Weinstein
"teetering"
"terrifying"
"deadly"
Somebody bought you a thesaurus, didn't they?
1)We the people of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for ...
We haven't turned a blind eye, it doesn't help one of Ur minions tries to trash FEMA &Trump,it won't promote progress
You already did
Bet you a dollar I can. I'm going to make a FORTUNE buying up property there for pennies on the dollar!!
So get the POS president out of office !!
