Exclusive: President Trump personally dictated the misleading statement on Donald Trump Jr.’s meeting with Russians http://wapo.st/2vcRmWE 
We're inching closer to the end of this nightmare...
Oh that's a big deal. How about the biggest fraud in the world @BarackObama pulling off this heist? https://youtu.be/emTFd78uoNA  #FannieGate
How long do we need to put up with explaining to our children how this is allowed time and again?
So, where does this go???? GOP ready to take notice or another head in the sand day in DC?
Don't worry, Bob Mueller is taking notes.

where is your concern for deliberate deception &concealment of Lynch/Clinton tarmac meeting Awan/Shultz Comey the unmasking of citizens?
Let's face it, they (Trump camp) are dirty. Do we really want Dirty in the White House?!?
Quoting the Washington post is perpetuating fake news! #fakesenator
@DonaldJTrumpJr you should see a therapist&attorney. Also,Make sure you have good godparents secure for your kids.Daddy throwing you under 
And you seemingly will spin anything you can to throw shade at the President.
No true! Trump might be president, but he can dang sure give advice to his son if needed. This is ridiculous!
Well, that's shameful. Need proof though.
Time for @POTUS to be found guilty of obstruction and every other lie he has told
Trump tried to mislead people? Say it ain't so. Say it ain't so.
Never, he is the most honest president ever...
Another interesting read from WAPO
A presidential poll showing that Clinton would win by 4? She won by 3. I guess I agree with you, they were very accurate.
She won, now that's funny. Your denial has no bounds. She won the mother of all participation trophies .
cry me a river
You gonna legislate and govern through the media, like @POTUS does, or actually do something?
Shouldn't a distinguished senator wait for proof before spreading fake news?
Thank you for fighting for us!!!!
Well there's your first mistake can you believe the Washington Post.
He thinks he is smarter than everyone else including his attorneys who do this for a living! I can still hear him saying, "I am so smart"!
Can someone do a "citizen's arrest"?
I've had it SenBlumenthal, we want IMPEACHMENT NOW
there are CT residents getting harassed for flying the American flag. You gonna speak out for them or just the illegals in CT??
Richie, Richie did Democratic Debbie do wrong? Did Democratic Debbie Destroy?
Is it not boldly written under the USA Constitution that no one is above the Law?  "Not even the POTUS." It seems this one is!
He will never be a President!!!
If there's anyone who knows about misleading words it's you right?  #frontlineVietnam
Can we get ct support in helping out this man get laws changed against child predators  please visit the Facebook page an just view the page
https://www.facebook.com/popsquadcc/ 
Another interesting read from WAPO
Who's their source?
What are you going to do about it?
C'MON ppl...we have an idiot as the POTUS and a traitor!
Among all of the disturbing behaviors by trump this one takes the cake. If you weren't talking #Impeachment before, you all should be now.
Another day another lie.
Every single day, more cheating, dishonesty, than I ever believed possible. Why do you senators go along with him?
Let's see how Kelly handles this. First crisis and his first day isn't even over.
Why are you mute when Obama admin began stealing already more than $70 Billion from Fannie & Freddie? #fanniegate
Remember he's still hiding his tax returns.
When he becomes POTUS Trump forgot he owes American people complete transparency& accountability
Please please please save us from Trump, Pence and most of their cabinet!
Richard your swamp stench is really stinking up the place. Tell us one thing you have done that is good for country. Just one!
Your stinking up the place Richard! Do your job! Stop ignoring the largest theft in History by all you SOB's.
And another example of obstruction of justice I'm hoping?
Brother
Time to get rid of him before he totally screwa our country and want to see him go to prison. And no pardons for any of them.
You should be talking  abt the crime  committed  by DNC officials their collusion  with  Rusia and  the Brotherhood. Also, abt   Ukrain
All he told him was to b transparent, give it a rest people,
No he didn't. Trump dictated a false cover story. That is not transparency; it's called a coverup.
Impeach
How do we know what's true? Is he lying that he did this, or lying that he didn't?
#ImpeachTrumpNow #TheMooch #TrumpRussiaCollusion
How about Articles of Impeachment for Obstruction of Justice?
Sadly there will be little chance of trump being held accountable for his corruption.
No surprise there! tRUMP uses his kids like puppets to get his message across.
Not just his family but also The House!!
"Oh what a tangled web we weave. When first we practice to deceive."
I'm shocked.
But its ok cuz hes trump right
Who put the words in your mouth that you served in Vietnam?
Give it up Dick... this is nitpicking is bordering on absurdity... Go do something of substance like fix healthcare
Eyes wide open!  
Hurry up Robert Mueller 
Richard, c'mon now.  You don't believe this, do you?  How many times has the Post been wrong now?  Hundreds?????
"Deliberate deception and concealment." That's rich coming from you Senator  Tell us more about your time in Vietnam again please.
oh please the @washingtonpost  is owned by a man that is contracted in millions with the CIA ...
And guess where @realDonaldTrump probably got the lying words to put in @DonaldJTrumpJr 's venom spewing mouth ... maybe, daddy vlad?!  SAD
impeachment  time???
More evidence of a cover-up. Not actions of an innocent man. Trump is guilty of criminal conspiracy and cover-up. He must be removed.
Where are the GOP's chorus of "Lock him up!"
Like you're never misleading! People will voluntarily leave the ACA bc it's unaffordable. Quit trying to scare us
Also he needs to sign the sanctions bill! What is the holdup?
Get em @SenBlumenthal
Ooooh oooh I bet he wrote the official kushner statement too!
Has trump actually signed russian bill yet though?
What will you do about it? What can you do about it?
Living, breathing documents...never too late for an "accomplice" to jump to "hero" status. Let's add more heroes...
Oh the wicked webs they weave
The proof is in the Paris speech. DT says there were 2 other ppl in the room besides Jr and lawyer. He had to know by then.
Mueller can't finish up that investigation soon enough.  I can't wait to watch the Democrats eat their nothingburger in spectacular fashion.
Thought all the leakers were out now. Bring back Mooch! LOL.
Can this be seen as obstruction if the FBI are investigating that meeting and Trump used his office to assert a false narrative?
Impeach. Now.
That shouldn't be a surprise 2 anyone! He's a pathetic narcissist who continues 2 do damage everyday!!
That's a nice way of saying..they both lied!
Nothing like sugar coating it... how long till this bullshit ends?? 
Good! Hard evidence of intent to cover up.
Lol. Ok.
Are you saying @realDonaldTrump gives good dicktation?
