Nonappearance voluntarily by Manafort and Trump Jr. at Wednesday's Judiciary hearing is a sign they have something to hide.
I sense bipartisan support for Sens. Grassley & Feinstein if they OK subpoenas for Manafort, Trump Jr, & others with relevant info & docs.
when are you going to subpoena Hillary and the Clinton Foundation?
Didn't hear similar ethical thoughts about the Clinton Foundation, now that would be bi-partisan.
Definitely.
Right after ones for
#obamanation 
#killary 
#lynch 
#rice
#waters
#pelosi 
And so i dont feel left out 
#malloy
#murphy
And of course YOU
Oh, another R who's fallen on their head.

Subpoena Clinton, Rice, Holder, Lynch, Mills, Obama, Brennan, Jarrett & THEN let's talk about being "convinced" crimes occurred. #corrupt
It still won't give us the truth!  Unless we press their buttons so hard
loon lying dem convinced? Pathetic!
dicky what's in your past that you are proud of? not to much
What os the point of Kushner going to answer questions NOT UNDER OATH?  Why bother???
Is^^
You know this will be a one-sided story, they will get rid of documents, there's no legal obligation right now, a subpoena is needed
Push for them !! Thanks for your voice of reason and stick to your guns!
Yes
He knows they didn't refuse. Grassley & Feinstein made this decision. He must be up for re-election! Good luck liar!
I see Paul Manafort is back in the mix.
Completely agree with your assessment and will back you 100%. The public deserves to see the testimony of Don Jr and Manafort - open session
Under oath.
If they are not under oath they will simply lie
If Manafort or Junior lies to Congress is it pardonable?
Says the man who lied about his own past record! Good one
I can not wait to vote you out. Wasting our tax dollars and time on the BS story. Fix the country sir. How about tax breaks, healthcare, etc
Even so, we will only get partial truths and out and out lies.
Again Senator?  Work on something of value. You are flexing legal muscle on talk that doesn't help the people. Be constructive.
Yes, we are getting impatient out here in citizen land. Seems like stonewalling. We deserve the truth & in timely manner
Focus on jobs for Connecticut and stop wasteing your time and our money !  Didn't send you to DC to play gotcha games !
Godspeed, don't delay! these jokers will only come clean when you drag them into the hearing room by the ear!
Go for it, we're behind you in CT
YES!!!
CT has been convinced you should resign as a senator. So there ya go
Absolutely, such dirty tactics against our democracy. No GOP patriots?
Liars always worry about others lying. I don't trust liars.
When does this nightmare stop!
Liars r lawyered up for a reason / jr was on fox saying he would 100% cooperate
I wish you would support what really matters...the economy, jobs, reduction of spending, reduction of taxes, and the safety of our CITIZENS
From the man who demeaned the ones who really did serve in Nam
Yes please
Don't let them get away with it.
Subpoenas and public testimony without the dress rehearsal.
At the same time we can subpoena HRC for all of the stuff she has done
Вие не сте реални. Или си глупав.
Lots of luck...you advocate of gridlock. How about being constructive on America and let's get the country moving instead of the same crap!
Bull, we the people want Hillary, Rice, and Obama to be questioned in front of everyone in their shady crooked deals made behind or backs .
Funny when Mueller was FBI director & Hillary was SOS he looked the other way on all her crimes DIRTY COP! FO
the judiciary committee is nothing but a bunch of CORRUPT POLITICIANS that will be w/o a fucking job next year when we're done!
Really? WTF is your subpoena for Comey, Lynch, Hillary, Obama, Rice, Huma There corruption STINKS TO HIGH HEAVEN. FO
Your just obstructing.  @POTUS @realDonaldTrump should just pardon everyone so we can get back to business.   Then you will still complain
Stop acting like there are rules or consequences for anyone in DC, those only apply to us subjects not the nobles.
A sobering political moment in my life was when Dick Cheney just blew off a subpoena. Until then - I believed they held an absolute power.
You jump the gun too much. They have both said they will testify from the
beginning.
I think there should be subpoenas for everyone's computers in the White House as well. Taking time will make things disappear!
I am more convinced that u need to resign. Please listen to yourself. Clinton's uranium deal= RUSSIAN COLLUSION.
And never trust a word they say, given Jared Kushner's latest 77 omissions which he only revealed given that the press already had the info
So many lies coming out of Washington , now there is no testimony to see cover up starting will it ever end
I'm increasingly convinced that the you've been spreading has caused a bacterial brain infection
They won't do it, that would mean doing their job and they won't do that
Any comments on the complaints filed against you at the federal building in Hartford yesterday?
Why are U not persecuted Obama and Hillery for Treason when they sold20% of our Uranium to Russia? And had millions put in her fake charity
If justice is not carried out in this case & they are all above the law, = will be a rebellion in this country.Don't OVERestimate his base.
Me to
AND it should be public.
Thank you senator for being s voice of reason and legal expertise for the American people .
Please do that, and hurry! If Hillary can get dragged in front of public hearings for days, these snowflakes can as well. Let's get it on!
Absolutely! Grassley is helping them stonewall.
Could you also subpoena the DNC folks for having the same meeting with Ukraine
Agreed Senator
It is a certainty.
STOP wasting our time Dicky. Your character doesn't warrant any attention to your suppositions.
We the people want to see this, no private deal, put it on public tv.
Not necessary. I'll bet my Vietnam war record & medals on  it. How about you? Liar!
I am convinc eyou need to put America ahead of your vendetta against the President. Wld you act the same if Criminal HRC won?
@SenFeinstein No kidding. Pretty obvious . How many times before you stop screwing around
Grassley is just trying to protect the GOP brand. He's not at all interested in sussing out any potential treason.
To CONGRESS! as well
REMEMBER YOUR OATH TO THIS COUNTRY!
I imagine their documents are long since destroyed
stop it!  Stop obstructing the progress of America.
Donald Sr has all but admitted guilt with his pardon comments. Go forward
I agree and Grassley doing nothing about it smh
@ChuckGrassley is a Trump/Russia sympathizer trying to protect the R brand. Grassely is the most unpatriotic U.S. Senator ever. Pathetic man
You are inventing an issue.  I am getting so sleepy.  Zzzzzzzzzz...
Yes sir
They must testify under oath & in public. If this is a "witch hunt" & nothing to see as claimed doing this should be no big deal.

Okay, one of us is a Senator. I propose that person should do it.
What is the hold up on their testimony? Also, why is Kushner not being put under oath? This just doesn't seem right!
Aren't you the liar who claimed to be a hero in Vietnam and was never there
And... we the people would really like to watch - none of this "closed session" bs.
Stop fiddling.  Is burning. MUST deal with Russia sanctions.Threatened pardons. Emoluments. Press savaging.Burgeoning  fear. STAT 
Agreed
What are you waiting for?
DO IT! NOW!
Hey tricky Dick

How about if you CAN'T bring charges against the DJT camp you resign from the Senate?
Please do whatever is necessary. The country is counting on you.
Please demand subpoenas. Don't let @chuckgrassley let them off the hook.
Many here in Ct are increasingly convinced it was a big mistake to allow you to be our senator.  Don't think you'll get voted in again
You're convinced?  Why? They already agreed to come and testify.  You're such a demagogue.
Senator Grassley is using a disinformation tactic. It is a narrative that induces  hopelessness & exhausts opposition. Please stay strong.
Well, convince your colleagues and see to it that they will be subpoenaed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10v1BJrYaA8 …
Open session!!
We need non-partisan support for limiting the powers of the executive branch while much of it is under investigation.
Excuse me sir ,but, DUHHH!
Like Rice andLynch? Dick! Should they show up! Did you go in vacation to Viet Nam ?
Don't you have anything else to do Senator? You are busy in criticizing and condemning POTUS,his family and staff,day and night.
Maybe somebody should look into the Senators heroic VietNam service.
I wish but there is none
We need them to testify publicly. Not private. We pay their wages & deserve to know exactly what is going on & what they did! #TrumpRussia
Thats true Anna maybe they have to give something to get to the real truth as to whats really going on on the white house
Most of us have been totally convinced for quite awhile. Thank you for seeing this through. We the people support you- in this & saving ACA!
That this is even a question demonstrates the dangerous effects of creeping normality.
Yes
What are you waiting for then?
And Rice. And scary looking ginger lady.

@SenBlumenthal sir we agree.  They like they're above our laws which they are not & they're afraid of y'all which they should be
@GOP need to STOP being complicit with Trump
We demand open Senate Hearings.
Do your job.
I agree
Seems like @ChuckGrassley  is doing every to derail the investigation.
Yes
Any what dems? Got names Kirk?
Then why was a deal struck with them?
You have the backing of millions of Americans. We just want to know already.
Absolutely they're proven liars. We know they will not behave honorably. They are Russian Mobsters. They lie for a living.
What I dont understand is how they can havr ANY negotiating  power. They should HAVE to appear or face consequences.
are saying canhoser....it that anytime youre accused of anything...law should force you to participate in finding yourself guilty..?
I am increasingly convinced you actually believe your own lies...
Add your colleague across the aisle, Grassley.
Under oath and public session
you have no power to make anyone testify....lol  ask clintons pals.. you let them go. so dont you get all uppity on trumps people. hypocrite
Your traitor Republicans are becoming part of the Cover Up! You all must Act now to save our democracy from this inept Corrupt WH!
Their docs? Why do you want to talk to their doctors?
WA wah
Please convince your colleagues. 
#RussiaGate
Get it done. They are crooks.
100%TRUE
