Sen. Blumenthal: "There seems to be a pattern of reckless or willful concealment of contacts with the Russians" 
YOU talking about "concealment" ???? Please.........Senator, you're an embarrassment to the country. #MAGA @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr
Trump is a crook and liar- impeach
Will you please look into this for me to make sure Russia paying an exPOTUS 500Grand is in our best interests? TNX!
When did dinner chat become a meeting with a couple hundred other ppl in the room...Your billshit we know is bullshit
Pres Trump will have to deal with Putin; official meetings, state dinners etc.  Do U suggest isolation because Hill lost?  Lift sanctions 2!
You mean kind of like you and your military record?...
This coming from the dem who wants to give away 500m dollars
@AC360 "oh, your so silly..."
@AC360
@AC360

You are requesting 500 million for Ukraine wounded soldiers leaving u.s. military men and women totally wrong
Pres can't dismiss, deny or ignore Putin simply because the Dems are looking for a treason-reason. Americans are sick of this stupidity!
Your proposed bill has "500 million dollars for wounded Ukrainian soldiers". Why does someone else's soldiers rank over our own ???
Kinda like your Vietnam record?

.@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan refused to ACT when presented w #TrumpRussia conspiracy during the Election. What're chances they ACT on this?
Not good since there is no crime here you guys are crazy with hate
@AC360 Did the DNC "conceal" their efforts to conspire against this dude?
@AC360
@AC360
...smells like collusion #uspoli
You sir are a big fraud. You wouldn't know the truth if it hit you in the face. Get out of politics.
Why did Bill Clinton get 500K for a speaking engagement in Russia, when his usual fee was 200K?  Followed SS Hillary's uranium sale 2 Russia
Haha these liberal loons just can't quit!
TREASON REASON # 100, NYET!  Dems have more Russian contact than anybody else; Hillary uranium deal.  U want 2 give Ukraine soldiers 500M?
OMG You're pathetic.
what would he world do without you mr blumenthal?
So talking to someone in a dining room full of people is "secret"
Like the way you conceal your military records?
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/05/18/nyregion/18blumenthal.html?pagewanted=all …
The damn thing took place at a meeting for world leadership. Damn, get over it.
How many undisclosed crimes are in you closet?
You mean the Group of 20 Gang of 40 dinner meeting captured on overhead video. Gimme a break.

But they had Russian dressing on their salads!!! Oh the terror of it all !! The Russians are coming lol
They were discussing whether to have 1 scoop or 2.
OMG the horror of two world leaders talking at a dinner that was intended for world leaders to discuss things.
#saveourcountry
POTUS - *googling obfuscation*
Why do you not do your job ? Feeding the American public with this garbage should be a crime, it's a shame what the Dems are doing.
You're a fine one to talk.  YOU want to give MY money to Ukraine! But dems colluding with them is ok right? RAGING HYPOCRIT!
How does one have an undisclosed mtg in front of world leaders & world press coverage? Wasn't behind closed doors. At a table full of ppl.
Name calling
All Presidents have had undisclosed meetings with world leaders. Now all of a sudden it is wrong when Trump does it? Hypocritical much?

Hey Tiger, amazing how you can work magic. Making something out of nothing. How's about fiscal problems in CT a Dem's masterpiece.
When r the Democrats going to get tough on the republicans?  I mean really rough and tumble!  Running out of patience!!!
Maybe when the pot stops calling the kettle black.
Wait u mean the POTUS actually met with the Russian president at the G20 summit? TREASON! What a dope u r.
You're on it Richie! What are you doing for CT CITIZENS today Senator?
Interesting too that now,instead of beefing up our cyber protections, the State Dept let's the head of Cyber security go and cuts the budget
Airplane meeting?  Video?
Someone must step up and stop this madness.  We need a leader who will bring our country out of this maze of lies and suspicion.
Well don't blame him if he's not as sneaky and dirty as most in D.C.
Dumbfounded by your observations on Russian influence when it is so much smaller than Israeli influence for years and years. AIPAC?

The presidents of the USA and Russia meet in private at the G-20 and the guy who lied for decades about his army service complains. Sad!
They are the leaders of 2 of the worlds super powers. What is wrong with this.
Nothing... what you are  witnessing is pure desperation.
Stop it, this is not healthy.  #MAGA
@AC360 @CNN do you realize how inept the fake news media makes u seem. Fool you once, shame on them, fool u 2x shame on you!
The "long pattern of concealment and obfuscation" is what's very troubling, suspicious, worrisome
More fake news that you are gullible enough to believe. So sad that you represent the fine people of Connecticut
@realDonaldTrump says to Putin, that Eased Pressure after firing Comey was short lived. HELP ME... Distract the American people in someway.
I guess it was ok for Obama. Double standard and hypocrisy In thus country is astounding.
Except it was concealed and happened at the invitation of German chancellor. Ur Sad and pitiful. Stop the conspiracies
@SenBlumenthal what happened in that meeting? Hopefully you will work to find out.
@aravosis @AC360  and not withstanding PUTIN IS A RUSSIAN SPY
Senator, do something about it.
Ok, please do something vs repeating the news. Something has to be done please. You seem reasonable and knowledgeable. Thanks
I  your use of the word "obfuscation"!
Arrest the T family cartel send them to Guantanamo and waterboard them
Yeah and you were reckless when you were lying about your tour in Vietnam
Trump alone with Putin & Vladimir's translator. No problem there. Putin has played Trump since B4 the election.  Is he tired of winning yet?
Do you have any idea how foolish you sound?
I don't like this silo. You people are messed up.
Wait what happened to it was a brief conversation in the dining room? When did it become a hour? Why would you not bring Russiantranslator?
he's like that small child, tell him NO and he'll defy you!!
Obama spoke several times to Putin, the Mullahs of Iran, Hugo Chavez, Castro brothers, & snuck reps from the Muslim Brotherhood into the WH
Sounds like all you folks
Figures
ENOUGH ALREADY! When do you take steps to get Republicans to do something about this before Trump destroys the country! 25th Amendment NOW!
Pence needs to go & new election bet####
I am so glad you are my Senator fighting for answers.    I am afraid because trump is dangerous
Afraid? you should be. If you can't get back to your safe space before curfew, there's plenty of room here. Please wear your pussy hat
How long will be @GOP before you FINALLY put COUNTRY before party??
So we're they talking adoption? Or maybe trump was telling Putin where our sub fleet is or maybe the nuclear codes?? Can this bird he's dirt
This cover up must be " Huge" what does Putin have over Trump???
Why does no one care about PROVEN democrat collision with Ukraine? Oh I remember it doesn't fit the narrative.
Trump thinks he is Putin.
How do you live with yourself?
Time to impeach him, sir.
No one cares.  Fix healthcare.  Shut up otherwise.
Presumably, another conversation about "adoptions," duh.
They were discussing their grandkids.  Am I right @AGLynch ?
