The rights & freedoms enshrined in our Constitution have inspired millions, at home & around the world, to take up the fight for freedom.
#ConstitutionDay reminds us of our ongoing obligation to preserve the gift handed down to us more than two centuries ago.
That’s why I will be introducing a resolution marking #ConstitutionDay and calling on Americans to reflect on our remarkable heritage.
This #ConstitutionDay, let's recommit to the work of forming a more perfect union- rooted in cooperation, liberty & respect for rule of law.
What the hell happened?!?!
Concern abt judicial branch. DT nominated Brian Benczkowski for assist' att'y gen'l criminal division.BB has ties to Russia thru Alfa bank
Our govt is bigger & more invasive than ever. We are constantly told we need even more govt programs. Most of which you support.
Nobody wants to tell Obama! If they did he wouldn't have walked all over it for 8 years! He wouldn't still try to undermine Trump now!
No he wasn't and never will be! I'm gonna enjoy you losing all of Obamanation freebies ! They came from my pockets!
I'm still paying! Do you receive an UNEARNED tax credit? If so I already know that people that do aren't paying any taxes!
You really have no reason to think Obama was wonderful except that you've been indoctrinated into seeing good as bad and bad as good.
Well OK, but do you have to always use the word "great"? Every country is great in its own way - the US no more than anywhere else.
Then it should be very easy for you tos choose a country to move too!
No idea what you mean by that!
Michelle, if you think that America is not the Greatest Country on Earth... Leave! Take your chances elsewhere.
Dear god, I don't live in the US!
#GlobalVaccineSummit. #injuredarmy
And now we have a demogogue intent upon destroying this nation and its legacy.

#Resistance
#KnowYourConstitution
#StrongerTogether
And then 230 years later you and all the Democrats crap all over it! You care more about Illegals than you do American Citizens!
And yet, here we are...
The constitution needs to be amended to change the pardon regulations for the president they definitely need to be reviewed
Why did you vote no for Noel Francisco nomination for solicitor general?
And sadly we are here in 2017 with such a deplorable excuse for a human as our President. I feel our forefathers shame on us.
dickie, those that fought & died laid the framework for American's then YOU stold their VALOR
Then why do you obstruct the man we the people voted for sad sad sad
And now we must fight ri keep it.
A great day for sure but devalued because of trump's (misogynistic) tweets.  How much longer....??????
You told us 2 months ago that we were in a Constitutional crisis - some what's up with that Senator? Is it true or not - Ct voters r waiting
Thank you for illustrating the phrase, "Talk is cheap"
And you trample on the 2nd Amendment every chance you get!
Find me the part where heath insurance is a right??
Yeah just to have Obama and all you Democrats make a mockery of it and ignore the parts you don't like... right???
Yup and you and you people trying to dismantle it!
It would be thrilling if you actually upheld your oath to follow it!
Are 'We The People' to infer that you've acquired an affinity for 'The Bill of Rights?'


[It seems a rather dubious premise, for certain.]
But yet democracy is dying. Replaced with oligarchy
And is severely compromised by the current administration
Your tweets are evidence that you have never read it.
And as time went on Congress paid more attention to wealthy lobbyist and special interest and forgot all about the constitution.
And just look at what our president is doing to this
Yep following it to the tee, get used to it snowflakes
And let's keep it that way 
Perhaps remind dt to read it esp the parts he has violated! Do what you can to impeach this psychotic
Yes it did.  Now stop trying to ruin this great nation by over taxing and forcing too much govt control on our lives
That American greatness included people who are not citizens can not vote. Why do you try to nullify this law when are supposed to uphold it
Exactly
Do you know what is says?  Are you following that great "groundwork "? Or are you helping to dismantle it?
There is nothing grateful about USA. It is the bully on the block.
Bad AG Bad Senator Good Liar
And 230 years later, Trump is trampling all over it!
No dear ,that was Obamanation that did that! You're totally confused!
Well it is now non applicable. Sen you must say this is the most corrupt gov of all time. Our society is dirty.
Not great yet to many racist
That which our current government leaders willingly ignore on a daily basis
You are a citizen of Israel, aren't you?
And you'd like to be associated with that?
Greatness that Trump is slowly destroying.  Time for all those we elected to represent us did something about him!!! @POTUS
Are you going to watch the Ken Burns Vietnam series? Ah, the memories
You win!  
And now look.
have you ever read it?
Try honoring it!
That's right in the original constitution called for senators to be designated by the state governor not elected
Try following it.. Don't know what you care so much about the Constitution for.. Your a Socialist
Don't let 45 dismantle it!!!!
@BiancaJagger And today, the imposter @POTUS completely disregards it.
then why don't you read it then... next time you come on here with your great ideas about immigration taxes  debt   http://www.usdebtclock.org/ 
Make America Great Eventually!!!!
Why do you speak of the Constitution when you support DACA, which is clearly unconstitutional?
#CT
Our constitution still condones slavery and white supremacy. We can do better!
After this mornings tweets,am pesonally holding every member of house & senate personally responsible for the oath they took uphold-constit.
It is astounding to me, that under the current situation we find ourselves, any one can talk about American greatness. That doesn't exist.
Now if Killary were Pres her and her democratic minions will do everything in their power to destroy the constitution.


Maybe re-read it. Especially the 25th amendment
Why don't you read it someday?
If you are so proud of that document, why do you trample on the second amendment? Are you only picking the parts you like?
Your sir are a hypocrite, please don't insult us with your fake and phony words.
And today, Donald Trump and friends are taking a wrecking ball to it...per putins orders
A triumph indeed - and it should be adhered to Make America Great Again!
Why do you hate it so much irony in your tweet.
And then along came @realDonaldTrump.
Don't go too carried away. 
Where did it all go wrong? What price slavery? How about the native American tribes? Why do you keep making war?
Indeed.
And then the GOP, tRump & his tRumpanzee cult came along and pissed all over it.
You are SO incredibly NAIVE if you think one man is able to destroy our country!
To bad they didn't outlaw fake news !
And no where does it promise to bankrupt our country with government health care.
Obviously trump is not a history buff
I pray we save the constitution. It seems to be attacked daily
Highest form of HYPOCRISY... Christians PREACHING, for 230 yrs ALL MEN & WOMEN are created EQUAL...but PRACTICING 230 yrs of discrimination!
That was and still is the same religious organization that is known as the Democratic party!
I wish they had the foresight to see Trump comimg
Then why undermine it constantly by praising Obama with Daca? California was Red before amnesty act. We can see the truth now. #MAGA
Especially the 1st & 2nd Amendment
Now if we could resolve to follow it, instead of tossing platitudes towards it.
Please attempt to carry on their legacy
Let's begin our celebration by enforcing the provision in Article I, Section 9, Clause 8 aka the Emoluments Clause.
The Senator would be out of a job!
Baby country no wings to fly.   Go Korea. Age of Korea hence 1000 yrs they experiencd usa baby no held head up yet cry. Trump y dumpty youfe
Why are you letting @realdonaldtrump destroy us? Make us a laughing stock? Do you know how widely he is hated? Impotence against injustice.
Thanks, Carol, for your enlightened words. I guess we should just o back to bring cavemen.
Until Trump
Don't forget about all the Free, Forced Labor that laid the groundwork for "American greatness" Senator. That always goes unsaid. #getreal
& where is that american greatness!!!??..i see african,mexican,islam,greatness all over america!!..dont see anything i would say is great!!
Which is being systematically torn to shreds by the entire trump administration...
I cant wait every Democrate in office will be tweeting about this day. It was scripted so get ready.
Same old crap comimg from the all.
Poland is currently facing huge political and constitutional crisis, I and many citizens hope the USA, beacon of liberty, wont abandon us.
Wait three years and four months 
Then ehm Poland's screwed.  
Look to yourself & EU for help - the USA is a foreign policy disaster now  I am ashamed of our betrayal 
The EU is doing its best, trying to help...  I also keep fingers crossed for you and the US!
230 years ago today, the US Constitution was ratified. Our system is stressed right now, but it is clear that Trump & Company will fade away
when the people are afraid of the government that's tyranny, when the government is afraid of the people that's liberty
You're celebrating The Constitution yet you're all about working against it. Do you even hear yourself?
Uh oh, Richard.... don't think your base will appreciate your applauding a bunch of racist slave owners.
Or are the founders what you want them to be when you need to make the message fit the day?  Can't be both racists and great men
