There is nothing new! Please tell the truth
Originalism's flaw is that Const.&DoI born in Age of Reason. R scientific docs. FF's knew knowledge changes. Not a static doc
Agreed. Not static. That is what amendments are for. Approved by people NOT activist judges!!! #SCOTUS
This nominee is an originalist as every single nominee should be. There is no reason to oppose him at all
WE AMERICAN PPL TAXPAYERS DID NOT FORGET ABOUT YOUR LIES. #MAGA
ok veitnam vet

Filibuster against Gorsuch. Stay the good fight. Do. It. Again. We are depending on you-and watching.
@CathleenHolt15 This nomination must be stopped now. Stolen seat, followed by #treason can not be rewarded. #Gorsuch
I don't see why not.  Obama got rewarded for 8 years.

All that showed is all you folks are a mess.

Thank you for your pictures,
it is called lame duck that's why.
so Obama in hi final months of his term is lame duck..    fool
bahahhaha oh poor liberals
How abt opening an investigation on Hillary's unsecured basement server & Podesta's child sex ring? Do something of justice.
@SenBlumenthal
No vote on Gorsuch please until #russiagate issue is resolved!
U R A BIG TIME LIER.
I appreciate the fact that Sen.Graham cites Hamilton in Federalist, so why use the "Biden test" and not Hamilton's w/Garland
What was the News? Facts not fiction!!! Russian Ruse, regrettably the FBI Director lost his credibility.
@SenateDems Ate you all dense?  Not his job to weigh in on political issues.Somebody let Ginsburg know.
this judge seems so rehearsed can we really believe what he saying
why would someone who cheated to win the election get to nominate a SC justice? That should be the question
I don't know you should ask Obama that.
Must he? Really? Like you must address your lies about serving in the military? #hypocrisy #scotus
Trump is under FBI investigation. No SCOTUS yet.
Yup, an investigation started under #obama Who authorized #comey HUGE breach by one party in an election.
In other words agree with you!

You can't stop Mr Gorsuch. Lost all credibility #Vietnam
should ask #Gorsuch about the role of the Attorney General and the office's relationship to the President.
please ask the Judge if he can remember a case where he ended up being swayed by arguments of judges on opp side of issue
INDEPENDENT COUNSEL to INVESTIGATE TRUMP
Sir, I thank you for your service.... Oh wait, that was a LIE!
yes it does, please vote him down.  Thank you!
stop breaking balls
Unless he was a DEM, Right?
you must address your lie about serving in Vietnam. 
Also, it's pretty shameful to lie about going to war when you didn't
Just heard you on NPR, well stated.
You must not under any circumstances confirm this guy on principle.
I hope we get the chance to vote u out of office before u retire.
2nd question is - does a pres under investigation even have the RIGHT to nominate SCOTUS?? Suggest you sit this one out!!
How do you look real Vietnam veterans in the eye. Liar, you stole A veterans valor
Question is senator, why are you even attending the hearings...? Did the GOP attend Garland's? Suggest you sit this one out!!
who is going to address your stolen valor, 4claiming U were a Vietnam veteran.I served there twice, how do U look in a mirror
Since Pres Trump is now holding campaign rallies for 2020 should we suspend nominating a Supreme Court Justice?
He'll say what he needs to during confirmation. It just won't be the truth. Our system of trusting people on their word is clearly broken...
Sir you should recuse yourself from further proceedings regarding men of honor. You lied about combat service,"shameful"!
What do you mean by this? What concern do you want him to address? #whynotgarland
You're an OBSTRUCTIONIST. Can't get anything done w people like you mucking up the works.
@SenateDems or maybe y'all should hold off on hearings until Trump investigation is complete. No sarcasm here. #Trumprussia
why are you participating in a process that was denied to #merrickgarland ?  You need to #resist !
you apparently don't see it but he is resisting. Against Gorsuch.
is this a way for Trump and cronies to get more time in power? How long will this investigation take?
YOU CAN'T EVEN TELL THE TRUTH ABOUT YOUR FIRST JOB, EXCEPT THAT YOU DID VISIT A FARM, AT LEAST.
no one should be considered for confirmation until this election is clear #RussiaHearing
no matter what, you will not vote for him so stop. You will do what Schummer says #truth
What would be so terrible about showing some fire in the belly? Formality makes it hard to believe you care. #PartOfSystem
@SenateDems credibility with anyone, because of ur lies. Where did it get you?
@SenateDems How about ur lying to America about serving in VietNam? U and Warren, who lied about being Indian, have no
Supreme Court nominee hearings should be suspended until current investigations are completed.
completely ridiculous assertion.... #scotus
Are you really relying on Comey? The guy that fiip flopped twice on Hillary, listed her felonies and refused to prosecute??
@sweetangelface nope. No USSC appointments
. Where and when did you serve in Vietnam or did you at all???
.@SenBlumenthal @SenateDems No further hearins on Gorsuch should take place until POTUS is completely cleared.
Judge Gorsuch is an ideologue.  Any honest Senator must reject him.
he's not even a judge yet!
and all upu loons commenting in favor of tbis lame senator, no wonder we won and will keep winning! Lets see, over 1200 seats
Shame on tou senator for threatening to use every tool to block Judge Gorsuch, you are part of the problem and why Trump won
you are a fake and looser all the vet should protest you. Lier
HOW MANY JOBS HAVE YOU CREATED SINCE 2010?  NONE. YOU'RE A JOKE.
www. DickBlumenthalSucks.IT
you lied about your military service&should'nt have the honor of questioning SCOTUS. As an ex-marine I am shamed you were one
This is not about Sen blumenthal. It is about a lying NotMyPresident.  Try to follow the stories?  Too hard..?
I see the sheeple follow you well. You have them all brain washed.
There is no Trump&Russia ties. Gorsuch is a great pick.
Do your job and confirm him.
like your Hawaiian judge and his partisan ruling
How about sharing your list of all the tools you have available.
Shouldn't Gorsuch confirmation be on hold till we find out if POTUS is a traitor?
@SenateDems WE WILL soon have a judge that will UPHOLD the law. Not legislate from the bench like liberals do.

My father WAS in Nam, twice, you are disgraceful.
This is NOT about Vietnam. Try to follow the story...?  This is about lying Trump. Too hard for you?
@SenateDems I remember 8 yrs ago a president that was passing bill and laws and appointing people with NO concern about rep.
I agree. He might end up getting confirmed to support a Prez WH that's under FBI investigation. He has to have an opinion.
A president under this cloud of suspicion should not get to nominate Supreme Court justice. Resist! We need Merrick Garland
Just vote NO please.
You misspelled Merrick Garland.
So he can lie 2 get the job sort of like waterboarding right!
we need the supreme to remember their job!
It has been found acceptable to not appoint a Justice in the final year and the same should occur in the first year
Or when the FBI is investigating your campaign's ties to Russia
Judge #Gorsuch should not even get a hearing. #MerrickGarland deserves a hearing & vote before anything else happens.
@SenateDems Where was this when he flip flopped on HRC after he said there was so much to convict her on? U praised him!
@SenateDems Plez GOP we must expel 45's Bannon's Oligarchy kill Mother Nature science 
Brotherhood Bipartisanship Wait a bit
said you who lied about your military service Sir-
I assume you know the truth about what Sen Blumenthal said and what happened?
you are a lying sac! You have no moral authority to demand anything!!!
@SenateDems yes! One that doesn't legislate from the bench like liberals do!
if repubs couldn't give a hearing because of elections then shouldn't give a yes vote while trump under cloud of suspicion
#Russia "cloud" only created for political purposes. Worse than #Ferguson riots that masked 2014 losses.
@SenateDems what about the crime of "stolen valor", Senator? You are a poster child 4 hypocrisy and the need for term limits!
@SenateDems we MUST have independent investigation! No confidence in comey or AG.
Your hyperbole is a disservice to this state. Gorsuch may have to enforce a subpoena? What a jerk thing to say. Total jerk.
No, you & rest of Senate must refuse to vote on his nomination - #Illegitimate SCROTUS is a traitor - no SCOTUS confirmation!
He WILL be confirmed as has ALL Trumps nominations. Thanks to Ried we have "Nuclear" Option if needed. Can't stop it!
He should not be confirmed regardless of whether #Gorsuch makes anything clear. #NoRoeNoGo
I guess you'll just have to cry into your pillow.
If the Rs can't vote for #MerrickGarland during election year then neither should Ds when @WhiteHouse is under @FBI investigation #Gorsuch
Well you can thank the Biden rule. You liberals hate it when YOUR actions bite you in the ass!
He should not be under consideration at all. Illegitimate president, stolen seat.
No! We elected him! We wanted him and WE voted for him! Get over it!
his confirmation must not continue until this investigation is completed. Cannot reward person who conspired to undermine ele
Everyone in Washington DC conspires to undermine anyone who disagrees with their ideology. Business as usual.
.@SenBlumenthal @chrisgeidner SCOTUS confirmation hearing must be suspended until POTUS is cleared in RUS investigation. No lifetime appts!
lol
@chrisgeidner This nomination should be put on hold based on today's revelations by the FBI Director.
what revelation?  There is still no proof.  You know like meeting between clinton and Lynch right

@SenAngusKing @SenSanders PLEASe ask Gorsuch how he would rule on no Garland hearing ? #MerrickGarland
