Senate unanimously calls on Trump to condemn white supremacists http://hill.cm/HzSYG9a  
Right after you sign the one on Communists and Antifa 
How can a person denounce THEMSELVES?
That would be like @POTUS slapping his Mother.

After you condemn the Antifa
Trump cannot do the right thing and we all know why.  The racist white nation/neo nazis are his home base & comfort food. Done.
This photo - makes my skin crawl
Uh, with all due respect Senator... that will never happen... The Donald would loose all of his hate filled followers! Just have him #RESIGN
Oh,  I am... right along with 71% of the Nation!
Here is your Authoritative Leader wannabe's favorite most accurate polling... READ! GO FOR IT!!
This has nothing to do @ this critical time about PARTIES! I, could give a rats ass! This has to do W/The Trump Crime Family/Administration!
Your a waste of time, energy and perhaps depending on the day... oxygen
HILLARY WON LIKE WE ALL THOT  SHE DID! IM NOT NUTS! MANIAC ALWAYS CHEATS! ALWAYS HAS! HILLARY WON! THIS MUST BE FIXED!
Good luck
He's a white supremacist and a Nazi. Good luck.
OMG! HES HORRIBLE! SENATOR HE CHEATED! HILLARY WON! I THINK WE KNOW THAT NOW & MUST BE RECTIFIED!! PLZ! PLZ! FIX THIS!!
And Antifa and BLM
Political banter. Waste of time. Work on the significant legislation.
Nope. It would be too little too late. Fuck him.
He won't do it. At best, we can expect a blame sharing, opaque, milquetoast statement that will barely make sense IF he's forced to do it.
With all respect, Senator, that's his base.
It will be challenging getting him to betray his own #StopThePunk #GreedyOldPunks
Those are democrats!
Trump has no integrity. Even if he signs, he is still a racist...and a traitor to American Values...and destroyer of the Constitution..
Because he's been so responsive otherwise?
Grow up senator
What about anti Christian Zionist jews
Waiting ...
I'm all for condemning bad people, all bad people! How about calling on him to condemn Antifa as well? #fakesenator
Don't call him that.
#Trumplorable will not sign your #resolution. He is a #Whitesurpremist.
No evidence just unfounded accusations. Nothing to see here, just move along. William knows the percentages as they relate to extreme right
He won't you know. He's one and doesn't want to piss off David.
Your still on this  BS? I believe the topic of the month is TAX CUTS AND REFORM. Did u not get the memo? Now get to work.
He already condemned them both!
The Racist-in-Chief will never do it....and even if he did he we contradict it the next day.  Better to go ahead and impeach him.
No confidence, no normalization to fraudulent p/resident. His very presence is an affront to US credibility, send him to jail.
He won't do it because his father was KKK and DT is also a WS!
try doing your job !!!!!!!!!!!!
As if he would mean it. He's shown us where he stands. This would be an empty gesture.
Richard, He will say it only if he can make a buck.
Are you going to have a resolution against groups that hate white people?
If you represent the Senate then they must be liars too
More words no action.. did you do that with Senator Bryde of WV when he was alive .!??????
Since the vote is unanimous, you can bet Trump will do no such thing.
How can he when he doesn't stand against hate!?
... and ANTIFA?
Sadly, he won't bcz these groups are his base supporters.
I HOPE no one INFRINGES *OUR 1st Amendment. The difference today is media/the internet *A LOCAL IDEA IS WORLD WIDE IN SECONDS.
We ALL have the RIGHT to be diverse* the day we end this is the day we are dictated our beliefs not imagine them our SELVES !!
The answer when one cannot see: "If the light that is in you is darkness, how great will that darkness be..." Matthew 6:23
And your black clad, face covered, violent friends. Condemn them 2?
Respectfully, we can tell him to but he'll still act as he sees "fit" in the moment ~you MUST force him into a corner, legally! #Resist
& Antifa & BLM
Totally pointless political stunt, attempt to escape blame for creating the monster & keeping it going. Even now.
Do U agree with Rep Gutierrez ? Do you even remember what being a #Marine, other than getting elected, means?

Waiting...

#tcot #Congress
7) who is sapping the very life and humanity of our beloved country. Please, I beg you to reconsider. RT if you agree, America.
6) but it remains a turd. Surely you have better things to do with your political career than attempt to rehabilitate a perverse traitor...
5)people " and suddenly sign a piece of paper and redeem his soul, though he doesn't have one? Mythbusters showed you can polish a turd...
4) another false claim, false document, careless signature from Trump... Do you truly believe that someone can declare Nazis "very fine
3) please don't enable this narcissist. That's all it will do. His brainwashed base will lap it up. The media will sing his praises.
2) he signs a document and then he's got even more propaganda to point to as he proclaims his greatness and compassion.
1)Senator, I keep thinking about this and I am not only angry but I am stunned that you don't realize the ramifications of this.
Seriously. What kind of nonsense is this? He read his script from the teleprompter and then recanted. Why have him lie again? Just silly.
Bloomie do you have selective hearing?? How many time does he gave to condemn them Don't you have some money to spend not at 20 trillion yet
You tell him. That's what we allegedly pay you for... Besides tweeting. 
He already did!
Why force it out of him? Isn't that a way of normalizing him? I don't get the logic. Let him continue to show his true colors for all to see
It's very sad that we even have to have a resolution condemning this. It should be a given.
How's the 'new, improved Donald Trump' coming along cos you've realised we all hate you? How's that goin' for ya?

And Antifa. Yet if he does ur still gonna find something to complain about.
Right supremacists only? Not the left facists? What vacancy upstairs!
He never will-that is his base.
But that's his base. Grand Wizard trump.
He will not do it...he knows his core supporters are these creeps. His approval rating will drop below 25%. Yet, no #Impeachment. 
How about adding antifa to your list
How about the group calling for death to cops or shutting down free speech or burning limos or throwing urine balloons or wearing mask?
@thehill and all democrats and liberals must condemn the storm troopers of the Democratic party, antifa ASAP!
Bloomie do you think this country has degraded to the point where we need a "resolution "to condemn the obvious.sad.
He can say it until he's blue in the face but how many of us would actually believe him?  He's despicable and ruinous.
The signature of a liar and a con man means nothing
Focus on the economy,taxes,etc... real issues that CT residents face. Not the ballooned drama?
The only hate is against Whites and Whites are not supremacist. Whites who are against White nationalism should move to a Black neighborhood
He condemned all hate groups.  But liberals hate that they have their own hate groups and prefer he single out other hate groups!
Absolutely agree, but where is Antifa on this resolution?
He won't cause he's one of them.
Senator Blumenthal: The Prez has been denouncing the KKK for years. What took you so long?
Indeed we have. I blame the idiots who didn't vote at all. Ashamed
He wants to make Amerikkka great again
He has but you have not said anything about Antifa or your stolen valor.
And Blm.
Blumenthal!!! Let's get more people to leave the state!!@
You can make him say it but you cannot make him mean it. He won't walk the talk.
Excuse me but do you need a new hearing aide or are you just plain senseless...how many times do you want him to repeat it.
Just this one time.. In writing.
Never happen! They're the majority of his supporters.
He won't. I know you have to do the resolution, but you know he's a racist.
let this motherfuker be, He ain't gonna change, He knows his base Loves him and will support him... He is a #racist pos
Don't hold your breath
Are you serious.
Don't hold ur breath.
Appreciate the sentiment, but he's not going to take a stand against himself.
How sad for all Americans that these words even have to be demanded of a US president. It's quite sad really, isn't it?
Good luck with that, Trump is a white supremacist nazi.
What you are really saying is stand against white people, yet you are a white person, sort of. You're a typical white guilt ignorant liberal

#TrumpRallyPhoenix #TrumpRally #Trump #PheonixRally #PhoenixProtests #Phoenix #manysides #BothSides #brain #rally #Arizona #news #cartoon 
Well? Did he? Why any hesitation what so ever? This question must be answered.
Grow up !  Were not idiots.  Trump is not a racist.
He will not sign, most of his friends & followers are white supremacists
You can't stand against what you are.
@LochHuron @thehill good luck with that, but remember, when his lips move, he's lying.
If he does, it will be in protest, because he's a racist.
LOL! Like he would do that. Never. He is just a white privledged neo Nazi. He's shown his true self. Any condemnation is totally empty.
if most anti-Semites and neo-Nazi's had daughters, son-in laws and grandchildren that were Jewish, I think that would solve racism
And #Zionists Must stand against Zionists
Why? It's too late for that.  Signing it would be an empty gesture.  I don't need to encourage him to lie to me more.
Tell your colleagues to halt all government activity until #TrumpRussia investigation by #Mueller is complete so traitors can be removed
He is a White Supremist!
Not until you do the same thing about ANTIFA.
@realDonaldTrump stand with Senate & majority of Americans & condemn white supremacists. They are un-American.
Signing it would be the right, moral thing to do. But he doesn't have any morals and has acted/shown that he never does the right thing.
No, , , Trump is one of us. A minion of Hell.  Hahahaha!
What about your view on a Catholic Judge? Will you treat Amy Coney Barrett the way Nazis treat Blacks?? We'll be watching Senator.
It is about time that Congress did something about Trump. Much more should be done !
It will never happen. If he is forced to resign or is convicted after an impeachment he will go down as one of their greatest heros
Stop wasting your time and focus on his removal. He agrees with them.
He won't sign that. Go against 95% of his base
He cannot stand against himself
I guess we have to tell him everything to do or say
Tell you and your dofus colleague @ChrisMurphyCT another company is leaving Connecticut
It is very sad someone has to tell him that but trump has a very small brain also
I'm against those racist morons too but resolutions don't accomplish very much, if anything, seems your time could be better spent elsewhere
What will you do when he refuses or waffles?
Trump is a passionless and sensitive lard who shifts with the wind . Couldn't even send regards to Mexico with their Earthquake& disaster ..
How long did the citizens of the USA have to tolerate such a poor excuse for a person in a president's chair ?!!Send the fire ants his way
We still love him.Hope win in 2020.trump supporter
You are so busy finding fault with POTUS that ALEXION is moving headquarters out of NEW HAVEN CT. HAPPY???
We are already a  bankrupt state so what if we loose more taxes YALE will buy building and not pay any taxes beautiful
Just like Miss Texas told him to do
Then he would alienate his base
Dont forget #Antifa, #BLM ,Hillary and Maxine.
Trump won't, that's his base
Stop playing games u liar.  Tax cuts the wall healthcare
My God America! We've reached a place in time where Congress has to tell POTUS to not be a racist or at least not appear to be one.
No we have reached a time in America where you believe that congress has to tell POTUS not to be racist.
He'd be a hypocrite if he did. He is a white supremacist.
Why would trump do that, he is white supremacist & a neo-Nazi! He would be denying himself. There is not enough lipstick to put on this pig.
Do it Mr President @POTUS
When do you condemn ANTIFA and don't forget Senator Tim Kaine's son is a member of a d
@lesstaxingcpa @SenBlumenthal  Sen Blumenthal is another lying Democrap in Congress He needs to "NOT" be re-elected ASAP!
oh sure but let more deregulation and tax cuts for the uber rich go forward.  Keep your paper dragon measures for the working class
He's not nearly as bad as his supporters because like he said he can shoot someone and not lose support. He disrespects his supporters.
All hate groups should be classified as terrorist!
I bet he won't. And even if he does it'll be a lie. He cares about one thing and one person... Donald Trump
Good luck with that. Alas, I fear I'm becoming more cynical each day 45 stays in the White House.
I, so can relate! I, hope 45 would be relegated to the dumpster soon...
Let's see him sleaze his way out of this
666 that's ja riot
I SURE HOPE NOT .
You guys love making him squirm! But there are fine people on that side 
This is where the shit hits the fan. Do or die;real colors will show
With all due respect Senator, you're going to force this child to do something he doesn't want to do?  Have you been paying attention?
In NH a Biaracial 8 year old was lynch today
Nooooooo!!


How about all hate? Include Antifa and BLM "what do we want? Dead cops!" I will then be on board. Don't cherry pick!
@thehill Stand with us so u don't seem like such a bigot - Arpaio is a bigot 2. US business encourages illegal immigration.
I hope you're proud of giving them more publicity than they could ever have bought.
He already did
Watch how many times @realDonaldTrump uses the ok sign (or white nationalist) when speaking. Coincidence? Maybe, maybe not.
There. Done. Now go do something useful rather than waste time & money.
@DNC no more deals with @realDonaldTrump
Hey how about those wonderful VA hospitals you were talking about? 

http://amp.usatoday.com/story/637497001/ …
And if you don't Donald we are going to hold our breath until we turn blue.  Do something Richard!!!
Is he still a Russian traitor? So hard to keep up with the narrative these days.
We can sign petitions until our fingers bleed but nothing will help until #GOP does something about @SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan 's treason
You can't tell that ignorant SOB anything...
You are a fraud,  just like your buddy johnny.  #StolenValor
Are you having dinner with the Donald tomorrow?
KKK & NAZIS (all variants), are terrorists.shud be labelled and treated as terrorists, why arent they.  Young Ms TX better leader than WH.
Why would he? Those are his people.
Why would he piss his voters off for 2020 unless Mueller pays him a visit
He has condemned the hate groups over and over.  You do nothing and act like you are doing so much.  What about stolen valor? Condemn that
He hasn't done anything you support him and that's your right! Did you say anything when the 6-7000 students were swindled for $36,000 each.
What about Antifa and BLM?
Whataboutism is strong with this one
If you're going to denounce one form of hate, you need to denounce all forms of hate. After all, descrimination is part of the complaint.
