@VFW @CNN History tells the world that this decision by the 9th Circuit will be thrown out; like 80% of their decisions!
What?! I thought Trump supporters love rule of law. Oh, they have no clue what it ACTUALLY means...
Hey genius/chronic liar Im sure u even know 9th district is the most overturned court @ rate of 80% Keep BSing ur constiuents
whatever happened to "if one life is saved from gun violence it is worth it"?  Wldnt same thin go for this?
authority of the executive in the hands of a self-dealer can't  be wielded against the people Constitution, Bill of Rights MS
Nice try Mr Viet Nam!! You don't give a hoot about US citizen safety!! Fake senator!!
you are nuts
Thankfully the judicial branch trumps 45.
Senator, what you say is what the liberals are doing at protests to bully and intimidate others. Verbally and physically.
Tricky Dick - a win by the most liberal court in the nation is not a win. This court has been overturned 80% of the time.
your mom must be so proud that you have helped to make our country more vulnerable. Just to make a  name for yourself.
Please facts not fiction The judges overstepped their authority!!! So sad you know better Please be truthful
9th circuit? laughing. 9th has ruled against the Constitution on a regular basis. Bunch of political hacks.
but you can hold office after falsely claiming military service. You are a disgrace to the flag you supposedly represent.
Court full of corrupt and dishonest politicians?@DNC @MiceeMouse @adjunctprofessr @katyperry @THR @GOP @FoxNews @Reince @ABC
you're a joke. Maybe those Vietnam flashbacks are clouding your thought process?
Whoops, do you EVER stop screwing up?
ohhhh mannnnnn sid blumenthal https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/politics/wp/2017/02/10/no-donald-trumps-father-didnt-create-racist-ads-for-a-mayoral-bid/?utm_term=.80c9c96ec0a2 …
Dershowitz: 9th Circuit Ruling ‘Not a Solid Decision’ – ‘Looks Like It’s Based More On Policy Than on Constitutionality’
@SumItUpNAPic Short lived win. Trump will save SCOTUS which will save America from liberal judges legislating from the bench.
this ruling was a joke any first year law student knows that but you lack the intellect to realize it!!!
80 percent of the 9th Circuit decision are overturned Senator.  Speak the truth - it will make you feel better.
Hi LIAR. You care more about convenience of aliens than  safety of citizens. Oh, and you are a liar, still and always will be
Shows the complete politicization of the courts contrary to the rule of Law. Now, aliens are now protected by the Constitutio
STOLEN VALOR!!!!
Try again. You will lose this one too in SCOTUS.
it's not over! The courts have overstepped their Authority once again. You should know that and not create more fiction
Soon you will not be relevant
Trey Gowdy exposes Blumenthal and Clinton on #benghazi 
https://youtu.be/XHLLlQyj4LY 
What u think is is win=Loss of Sovereignty. CONGRESS MAKES LAW not JUDGES. State university has no right to foreign students
you are a typical politician who lies for living.did u serve in Vietnam ?Aren't you ashamed ?Did you serve in your dream?Lol
thank you.
Toys for Tots!
you are terrible, you don't deserve to be in public office
I'm hearing rumors you may be a pedophile.  Any truth to that?
so US code 8 section 1182 isn't already rule of law? Settled long ago? Decision is a joke at best, very harmful at worst
did you land in Vietnam under sniper fire like Hillary did in Bosnia?  Why do dems have such a habit of lying?
how was that Vietnamese potang?
victory is when people don't steal other's valor and get away with it.
I personally think that more people should be challenged no matter what position they hold.  That's why our system sucks now
If you did ... I will make it my vendetta to make the public aware of this.
For a lawyer of your prestige you have a hard time understanding the law? #potustrump EO is constitutionally correct;u wrong
Did you arrive at this opinion during your time in Vietnam?
hypocrisy much?  Trump was a bigly draft dodger
you're so right! You're definitely doing something right when @therealdonaldtrump tries to call you out on an infamous tweet
please stand up to Trump. It is so disheartening everyday.
Remind me never to have a"private" conversation with you. What a weasel.
the final arbiter will be SCOTUS. I know wedge issues help fire up the base, but let's get back to work for America, please.
and when terror hits America, what will say then?
G-d bless you standing up against Rep. Price! Fighting for woman & children's health care!
tje childrwn that were killed by abortion ...or the live ones..

.killing babies is not child health care
I voted for you.  Keep up the good work, but also know that my family and I can't believe all of this is happening.
thank you!
just a minor set back, a battle has been lost the war has not. The defense of America will be victorious @realDonaldTrump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0cNDy5Kfrw …
please tell me a story of your time in nam. As a retired Marine I would like to hear it.
#ted nutaitis
What about this, you a/z wipe.

Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie),now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?
keep your head up and don't let the Emperor get under your skin.
You're being used as a patsy for Gorsuch's confirmation. I can see how easy it is for them.
Doesnt matter if you like Trump or not, This was not a victory because, Trump had the right to do that, the judges were wrong
Grandstanding over law by judges & lawyers guarantees usedcarsalesmen level respect for the courts. #9thCircuit @POTUS
thank you
judges who chose not to uphold clear law will be proven WRONG & shown to be politically motivated by Supreme Court.
Vitcory  for  selling the poor  Americans  to  the hands  of terrorist. Make  America a Muslim Caliphate # liberal terrorists
upheld by 9th district. Don't they have @ 80%reversal rate? No politics here. I guess you'll take what you can get
8-0 from SCOTUS would send a message from them that they don't want to deal with bullying and sloppiness.
captain of swim team at Harvard???
There go Trump's Duterte aspirations.
glad to see you made it back from Vietnam safely
Are you sure about that statement?  It's too bad he didn't actually serve.
Thank you Sen. I still wish you wouldn't meet with #SCOTUSnominee .  The @GOP has stolen the seat. #resist
#HillaryClinton made enough money by selling weapons to Middle East. Now she is making money on selling to Balkans?!
#HillaryClinton -  I demand you to immediately stop your interference in the #Balkans. Period. #Tatiana Wright
WTF is wrong with you?
