Trump just castigated Puerto Rico for “throwing our budget out of whack”
I know what I'd like to "whack"! This man is insane! #25thNOW @GOP  #PuertoRicoCrisis + #insaneNKtweets undermining SOS?  #Resistance
R you just plain stupid or what ?wtf they were hit by back to to back hurricane,s it's a f#cking island!
Trump is a racist and a sociopath with zero empathy & zero decency. I don't recall him saying the same about Americans in Texas or Florida.
You know large portions of Puerto Rico are white right?
U know better than that…U just can’t help yourself with spreading BS. Shameful that U R a US Senator.
It isn’t BS. You conservatives and your fairyland lies. It’s hysterical.
Hey, don't equate conservatism with protofascist ultra right Trump-zombies. Fiscal conservatism is NOT a Trump thing.
There are NO elected "fiscal conservatives." There are only people with different priorities. The so-called deficit hawks only exist when
Priorities aren't theirs. Billions on wars and tax cuts for all who don't need them in the name of plans that have proven not to work.
True true.  When I say fiscal conservatism, IMO, our military should be gutted down to the bone.
Well, we shouldn't be spending as much as the next 10 countries combined. That's just more R corporate welfare.
The USA'd be in better shape if you & your cronies didn't increase National Defense budget to $700 BILLION (page27) https://www.congress.gov/crec/2017/09/18/CREC-2017-09-18.pdf …
Keep up the Lies Dick
Didn't miss a beat in your comfy shack did you?
THATS WHY
#Trumpthemoron or #Trumpisamoron 
@realDonaldTrump
Please investigate the "emergency plan" Trump had in place. We knew Cat5 hurricane hitting. Now they're scrambling.
Obviously, poor brown Americans who can't vote aren't a priority for Trump. I fear he will ignore PR once he's used them for his Photo Op.
Puerto Rico was 80% White and growing according to 2005 census, but don't let the facts stop your cries of racism...
If you can do better, get of your butt - fly over there - help them with your swear instead of your mouth. #hatersonlyhate
So true
Where is the corrupt Puerto Rican Goverment Richrd .. more money so they can steal it or you just playing politic like a good Democrats
Fake news says Associated Press
Please, state what you would have done after three storms to do it better, how would you have prepared. And do not manage after the fact.
Yes while POTUS is obsessed with the NFL and peaceful protest by American citizens exercising their right

Trump wants credit...
No help comes?  There are 10,000 people there to help.  Why aren't you down there helping?
That been proven false. It’s fake news. Never happened.
Longer than that in Flint, MI, but who in the US gov. cares about that?
Or spending more than $700 million for golf outings!!
So.... I guess we should do tax cuts for the Uber-rich.
I agree.
2018 will be a political Extinction Level Event for the Dems.

#MAGA
If you're going to say mean things in CAPS at least spell them right...
What’s out of wack is Congress battling @realDonaldTrump instead of helping the country!
Thank God for you
The United States is out of whack under his poor leadership!
Not enough. @Oxfam is going in to assist
survival. So much for being smarter than our ancestors. People think they have to gather prep supplies to survive. The truth is more simple
Let me get this straight.  You want The Aid to get there first to be damaged and ruined by the hurricane?
https://www.facebook.com/clay.germano.5/posts/1935291953354614 … this is what’s happening now in #rincon #PR. Only CITIZENS are #helping #themselves. No federal #aid has made it yet
They are American?
Thank you.
Your right 100%about that i feel for the children that are there sad whats going on...
At least....
Everthing is out of whack. DT throwing paper towels like some odd game show. Insulting. Vegas tomorrow, am concerned about him being there.
How this abomination ever got elected to the highest office in our country is beyond comprehension.
thank you #PUERTORICO  he's insulted our Island our people .  #impeachtrump
In the interest of humanity and decency, why not bring the sick patients to the hospitals in the United States for proper care
Flint still has no clean drinking water, nobody cares!
The world is watching.
Trump has thrown normalcy, decency ,& democracy “out of whack”
The budget is out of wack BC his golf trips, Melania refusing to move to DC, his golf trips, his cabinet members using private jets
That's right senator. It's a disgrace. These are AMERICAN CITIZENS. IM SICKENED.
You forgot the other thing "out of whack"...Trump himself...all the vomit that he spews makes things worse not better!
Trump is a disgusting as individual and an embarrassment to breathe the same air humans breathe to say what he said PR
Thank you for letting Fake Pres know what US priorities are or should be
@realDonaldTrump @SenBlumenthal but he did give them paper towels while 95% of Puerto Rico is in jeopardy. How does Trump not get this.
He is whacked! He whacked out America and the world. He whacked out americas secret service budget, trips every weekend,&his lavish cabinet
No, that's not "out of whack" that's just whack.
Coming from the king of debt!
Liar
I'm sure he'll be tweeting about his 'beautiful' visit soon! Why is he still in office?
Are you so hateful that you can't tell levity from being serious agggg
Your correct Senator. PR is not a state therefore, no political weight. No pol weight = no compassion. Immoral & merciless
Why are we amazed!!
The President shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors.
But HE left them with a few rolls of paper towels! They must be so thrilled flattered and grateful. 
Tell that to Flint
Assuming he considers Puerto Ricans actual Americans.
@realDonaldTrump : tasteless, classless, worthless, malignant... it's a long list.  Not a single positive quality.
this is the truth
Here's something that's out of whack
Blumenthal you're a sick person to keep the lie up, the American peeps know what was happening in PR
Mayor Cruz acted just like the dems do that's bcuz she is one and has an agenda and it was to make POTUS look bad so she had a chance at Gov
Yes, it is out of whack to leave the peeps of PR without clean water or fuel and we can thank the Mayor for that. Thank You Mayor Cruz
That man is evil I can't believe he did that...
Security for NYC apt + WH. Trips to Mar-a-lago, Bedminster. Golfing, golf carts, hotel rms for Sec. Sec + travel for admin. Who has done it?
Trump is nothing but a tactless, boorish, narcissist lacking even the slightest bit of compassion for others
Truth is the delay's on corrupt San Juan mayor & the Puerto Rico union truckers who refused to drive supplies unless they got paid, Senator.
He’s so clever,nauseating display of a lack of leadership, totally staged by republican sycophants in Puerto Rico,vote out the governor
While he & his preferences for weekend excursions to his resorts bleeds taxpayers dry & puts $ in his coffers. Only Congress can stop him.
PR doesn’t vote in pres elections. No reason at all for Trump to care; pR isn’t a state. Not to mention that he doesn’t care.
Did I say he doesn’t care enough
This is so completely inappropriate & lacking in morality.
Lighten up Francis!
#MAGA #TrumpTrain
Liberals literally have no sense of humor!
Thank you @POTUS
Richard you never cared about the people of Porto Rico when their infrastructure was crumbling and you were in Washington
When are you going down there to help, if it's anything you do around here you won't be missed if you don't. Just continue obstructing.
He's a bad man
PR gets BILLIONS in federal aid every year. Where the HELL was the emergency supplies, meds, food, they should already have stockpile. W T #
I've never seen anyone so devoid of empathy. I'm seeing a dark abyss where his soul should be.
@chrislhayes just heard from PR,the govt is keeping the relief supplies from its people hoarding it for future profitsNeeds 
Does @realDonaldTrump think the people of Puerto Rico wanted this. I think not!
No kidding!  Thank you for your work in the Senate.  Continue fighting!
Please accomplish something, anything,  other than constantly attacking POTUS - CT deserves better
He's unfit and has allowed people to die unnecessarily.
. @SenBlumenthal Trump is insane. The GOP are shameful enablers. He must be removed asap! No other (cont) http://tl.gd/no5pcj 
You’re an embarrassment to CT!
sometimes it is hard to believe what come out of trump's mouth...or his tweets...the man has no compassion and no brains
step-child. Poor Tiffany
You think the whole island can have the entire grid replaced in a couple weeks? You are very out of touch.
Our state has done well under dem leadership.
Our senators for the state of Connecticut suck
How about "Isis" is the JV team. Bengazi was the result of a video. Not a spec of corruption in the IRS, If you like your doctor... etc,etc
Crazy in a little while, when people start starving. So sad, so sad to hear.
Shamefull is saying you were somewhere when you were not!
Trump's visit today appeared exactly like the old Sadam Huesain video clips. FAKE PHONEY FOR THE CAMERA BULLCRAP. So insane- so selfish.
For the Virgin Islands it's been 3 weeks
She said there is a difference between people being hungry and people starving. She wants to get her family out, because it's going to turn
I just happened to overhear a woman talking about her relatives in PR. She said no way trucks can get into places, they need National Guard.
What's out of whack is this "whack-a-doodle" Pres!
I can't stress enough it is time for 25th amendment to be invoked.  Puerto Rico new low even for Trump.
Not to mention: medicine, baby food, BANDAGES, antibacterial OINTMENT, FOOD. What the HELL is his PROBLEM? He's deranged 'out of whack'
People already feel disgusted, these words don't help, Governor having to smile to get help for the people, good Samaritan
tRump intentionally delayed on Puerto Rico. He endangered lives to produce his next chaos scene. He is a danger to us all.
Sandy left CT w/o power for 2 weeks! Keep spreading lie. You know that food & water was on the ground before the storm too.
#ImpeachTrumpNow
He hasn't "helped" anyone in his life-except Himself! People really need help right now.
Sen/Gov/Reps/mayors should get 2gether WE CAN HELP
He just needs to go away
you are so full of yourself what have you done for the citizens Puerto Rico when we ALL knew that the people running the electric co there was stealing and so corrupt
Well said
Please tell him that, Senator
Youre a legend thank you for this it really needed to be said
Oh he's a legend alright...in his own mind.  Stolen valor
I mean im fairly sure that a LOT of people wanted to say what he did, and have done so, but he actually has the reputation for it to matter.
He never said a word about Porto Rico the last ten years while their infrastructure was crumbling and corruption was status quo. But we
Well tbf that's my bad then, didn't know that. Just saw someone taking a dump on trump and wanted to support it, sorry for being misinformed
Tricky Rick, you are a #fakesenator
Do you think the corrupt PR gov't stealing money meant for infrastructure could be to blame?
u r a tool - that was a CAT5, on an ISLAND, whose #DEMOCRATIC govt pi$$ed capital away, never invested in infrastructure w/ corrupt unions
Senator Blumenthal after all of this, I am trying not 2 complain
How can we survive 4 yrs., and another, Jesus help
The power grid was barely sustainable before the hurricane. Why don’t you talk about that? You act like these things were easily fixable.
and counting
What's out of whack is a politician who lied about military service acting like they are honest.  Who believes  you now?
I know Chris
He is right. They are over a hundred billion in debt. Why should we continue to break our backs for Dependency Island? 
#PuertoRico
We need facts.  Nothing but facts.
Perhaps you should go there and do some heavy lifting since you did squat in Vietnam when you were there. Oh Wait!  #stolenvalor
Is he going to congratulate Vegas tomorrow on only losing 58 people?
59 now and probably yes. Dump "ONLY 59 people died, out of many thousands, great job 1st responders!"
While he flies (once again) on Air Force One to his golf clubs for the weekend.
Yes... unthinkable.
Our Republican hypocrites in charge only care if gun toting rednecks are in the path of the storm.  Gotta earn those votes.
Egads!
What would you have done differently that would have the power on, water flowing and fuel in tanks?  Please be specific.
How about we throw Trump & Republican Party(many noticeably quiet on PR) "out of whack" in 2018/2020!
Puerto Rico can’t vote in Pres elections so Trump doesn’t care too much about helping them because they’re of no use to him politically.
They can vote if they come to the mainland establish residency and vote in their state.
Says the boy who takes $3 million dollar vacations every week and enriches himself with taxpayer dollars.
That’s true when he goes to Mar-a-Lago, yes. Probably a bit less in closer golf clubs. It’s sad how he trashed Obama about He’s way worse
He MAKES the Secret Service aka TAXPAYERS pay to rent golf carts to follow him $13500 on ONE weekend. They have to sleep in trailers bc of
Cost of hotel rooms. He's a major, LYING DOUCHE. He forces us to pay for all this when HIS CLUBS should NOT be charging for ANY of this. Not
to mention what he did with Tillerson and DPRK/Kim Jung Un. He WANTS us in another war the way a teenaged boy wants his first lay. UNHINGED
Yeah, he’s pretty messed up.
Last report I saw was still only 5% power. Power runs water filtration, refrigeration, a/c, phones, radios, lights,TV. So is that a crisis?
WHAT DO YOU EXPECT FROM THE SCHMUCK WE HAVE AS PRESIDENT!
And all of the red hatted dipshits jump on here trying to defend Trump yelling “The media! But Obama!! Libtard!” Jackasses.
Not 'all' or even a majority of the 'red hatted dipshits' do. That is without a doubt patently false. However I do agree there are many dipshits that unfortunately give conservatives a bad rap. What happened to moderates?
That’s a good question.
Trump is whack-
if u are disapointed with trump then why did u not do what u wanted trump to do richard blumenthal
He knows the Price of Everything and the Value of Nothing.
So I guess then we can assume the budget had included the costs for the hurricane in Texas and Florida.
Two weeks AND COUNTING.
How the hell did Trump do this? Obama destroyed the military funding for aircraft, ships, and equipment. How about you stop looking through your belly button and work to fix that.

We are too few to reach whole island as quickly as possible w/ supplies. Need volunteers to join @RedCross & @CruzRojadePR
#PuertoRicoRelief
If anyone knows abt being out of whack, that would be the Trump regime.
Is there nothing to be done. Really what's the time frame for his removal.
Sadly, 2020.  This is the real world.  Dreams rarely come true.
Yes it is... And how quickly he gathers the "Yes People" around him! What a coward @POTUS  is!
Damn right, that hurricane was out of whack..
again don't like this crudity but trump is one motherfucker
GOLFING TRIPS!
You are talking about the hurricane that did that to them right? Or do you think after a cat 5 it should have been on already?
You can almost FEEL how much he fully resents that he was forced to help Puerto Rico. Disgusting.
What about Florida & Texas R they part of the " out of whack" shortage ?
Just to pick a fight with the nfl.
Wow! Talk about being our of touch. How about getting the water down & clear roads so new power lines can be strung before bickering.
This is called playing both sides....hummm

Left out a word that starts with an F and ends with -ING.
And spending $71 million on travel expenses.  I find it funny how rich people never spend their own money.
They stay rich by robbing the rest of us
Trump has thrown US out of whack. He is corrosive in global politics. GOP GROW SOME COJONES--clean house, throw out the TRASH.
No, Hair Cut is "Out of Whack
What’s out of whack is bragging about your expensive invisible military aircraft, how Texas is recovering, how a “real catastrophe” kills.
But he threw paper towels into the crowd. Doesnt that count for something?
But the crowd loved it so where's the problem?
If you don't see the problem, your part of the problem.
No not at all. They were the audience and loved it. That's the point.
Not to mention the orange idiot is out of whack...
The logical conclusion, really, is that trump's mind & demeanor is "out of whack".
Lol.  Too sick of a comment to respond on.
What's completely out of whack is a Congress that doesn't fire president wacko tRump!
Bless you for saying so. Trump lacks conscience, empathy & common sense. The sooner he goes the better. He's killing us by setting the tone.
They don't have water or electricity, but he did throw out a dozen rolls of paper towels to the small crowd
Interpretation:  "Those SOB Puerto Ricans are hurting my chances to build a wall."
Do they all have water and power now?
No. Next question?
Again,every single day he goes lower and lower. Next thing you know, he will come out of someone's faucet because he will be in the aquifer.
Everyone watch out for what you might think is orange juice coming out of your bathtub faucet.
Looks like a Congressional problem, not the President's, right?
He’s the Commander in Chief of the military and oversees our government. He’s responsible.
Congress controls the purse strings-try again since military was there before storm & Gov said we're doing well.
We all know what's severely out of whack and it's not PR.
Shocking Congress should vote to give puerto Rico it's independence
Why don't you roll up your sleeves and go help them? They have the supplies but their union is on strike. You know that. Liar.
Right back @ya.

You must be having a bad day. Hope it gets better.
Still waiting for my taco....
Chicken or beef senorita?
Trump has no empathy for anything or anyone. He’s is just  classless and a jerk
And the amount DJT and his family has spent at taxpayer expense.
#diagnosetrump 
What budget is Trump talking about , the one his cabinet members use to use private flights?
This man is more of a dotard than Kim Jong-un thought. How did this happen? Comparing hurricane related death????
Homeless people not allowed to squat! Sitting since Florentine aided ARA in 93' outlawed! Liar not authorized to remake a trust®™© @Disney
Alba showed up @isbenews 1994. Unfit @usedgov @US_FDA unlicensed practices harm all. Birth certificate control medical services domain®™©
Cant approve anything or anyone at all®™©
Outrageous behaviors of outlaws ®™©
once again.get a hard hat & go help on the ground,then you can complain.or are you afraid to learn the truth?
Right back @ ya.
the scouts or some like org. to gain those skills, or parents have to teach them. Many parents can't because they weren't taught proper/3
what’s out of whack if Trump lack of decency, all he does is a race to bottom and wallow in his own smut
I one did that DICK!  Except for perhaps your friend the mayor of San Juan
