Can we take up a donation for trumps internet history.
With a stroke of the pen, you are about to vote against  Gorsuch. how does this help or make America great again?
Cuz it's Merrick Garland's seat.
Why is it Garlands seat?
It isn't but he should've had a hearing. And the GOP refused this breaking the laws in the constitution. Any way you slice it, #NotOK
McConnell followed Biden rule. dems can't pick & choose rules when convenient for themselves Is biden rule unconstitutional? not GOP fault
You mean the "Thurmond rule" which doesn't exist and you will not find in the constitution. By chance, when did he use it? #puppetofGOP
Yes the Thurmond rule. Your right not in constitution. However that does not make it unconstitutional. And yes rule does exist
Ummm. It absolutely makes it unconstitutional meaning not part of procedure. Meaning bullshit! What say you on @SenateMajLdr breaking law?
Worry more about google ,Facebook , Amazon, Net Flix and all the cell phone companies! They know all and just need corruption to sell it!
That's one thing I don't understand. (I support internet privacy) but however there's  no outrage about social media doing the same thing.
Their data isn't the same as this data. This Inc health rec.,ss#,address,etc
Additionally, FB, netflix and amazon are all optional, people can choose not to use these sites/apps.
Don't by Alexa, Smart TVs, a new car, a computer A cell phone, an IPad! You will be all set? 
I have a smart TV, iPhone, iPad,newer Toyota. Not worried about those. My healthcare info, ss#, and credit card I am pissed about!
Well pay cash! Banks and stores and Internet get hacked all the time!
Life locked
@BellaDawn01527 bcos he said so.Anything he does is the best .His ego must be massaged daily.
He neglected to include his tax returns!!!
Each day I feel less safe.
Blumenthal you should not be allowed to practice law.  Luna vs Dobson is proof. Blumenthal I am waiting for CT to comply! and it's 2017!
Because it gives power to all, not pay to play!  Why afraid of fair and equal?  #TermLimits
Please free us from Trump help help impeach him he must he must have he must have he must have broken some kind of ethics with nepotism
We will have great amounts of spam and broadband co's will reap great amounts of money. MAGA? Fucking pissed! These clowns have to go.
@TheDemocrats  1984- George Orwell would've been proud.
Not very great.  Anything the Democrats can do to reverse this stupid idiotic Executive Order?  What can we do as citizen to help?
Check the donor list of everyone that voted Yea.
Bought on the cheap.
No democrats, is the 1st step on how we MAGA.
This is not right. Keep up the good fight!
Are you going to give us a briefing on unmasking and leaking classified information by former Security Advisor Susan Rice (the lier)?
here comes more of the Trump improvements to the "swamp" I'm furious!
also killing hibernating animals by mentally ill people with uzi's..is he so pissed off at dem's that he's deliberately signing everything?
It does not.
Facts not fiction!!!
the Devil continues to lie about his own greatness, so many red necks fall prey to his continued self promotion.
It doesn't - but somehow it probably puts money into the pockets of Trump-hole and his cronies.
Funny thing is djt publicly expressed praise of authoritarian leaders. I think it's safe to assume he's trying 2b the same. YET NO OUTRAGE !
Do you have any comments on #SusanRice ??
This thread will ignore that one. Lol
It doesn't  . It's part of his plan to destroy this country. MAGA is the exact opposite of what he really wants. Time to impeach him!!!
GOP systematically repealing Obama era legislation  Chemicals internet guns 4  mentally ill.  GOP doesn't care Wants   2 erase accomplishmts
@potus never intended to "MAGA"...which BTW we were headed B4 the election...Trump simply wants to hand out toys to friends.
His definition of great is different from the American people. Great seems to be power, control, Dictatorship.
He/Bannon are nut jobs period just doing all sorts of crazy things giving our privacy away he needs to go
it makes America a great... big stinking mess again, just everything else that he's signed way.
I would hope some legal recourse will stop it. How about using some influence with some lawyers if fed courts and make that happen Senator?
It doesn't he doesn't the Republicans don't.....
Time to get off the grid.
Fewer regulations on business, more personal freedom, less government interference...these are all good things.
How can we the people get the names of everyone that helped pass this?  I think this could be grounds for law suits for this egregious act.
Nope, he's in destructive mode when he's angry & frustrated. Ahh, most of the time
This is disturbing. And under the radar. Most of my friends work in IT network jobs had no idea this was happening.  Disgraceful!
@SenBlumenthal How does anything he has done make America great again. Our allies are wondering what the hec...
It doesn't...where are our rights?
Power for elections...all of them
I guess you will have to stop watching porn on your computer now Mr. Blumenthal.
If the man is so worried about his Internet privacy, he must be looking at something that he doesn't want people to know.
They sure could. Door is open to them. Nothing illegal in my home?
It's the White House enacting measures to spy on opposition.
@TheDemocrats Susan Rice is spying on everyone anyway.  #SusanRiceUnmasked
Dicky boy tell these people how our state is doing
It's going to take years to undo the damage this administration is doing. And they've been at it less than 90 days.
A good question that cud be asked of almost every cabinet pick,every EO,+bill-proposal thus far.100 Days of Infamy.
It doesn't @realDonaldTrump lies!
How do we demand of our provider a tool to block this? This is a violation of my privacy and I did not agree.
Same way he signed away EPA rights and gave the pen to the head of DOW chemicals! Hate is a strong word but, I HATE him!
Since everything seems to be for sale these days, maybe we can buy Trump's search history?  Bet that wold be entertaining and horrifying.
It doesn't. Please keep fighting for us.
Do not believe you understand precedent. Suppose you don't have issues with Facebook/Google who have always done it w/no permission needed.
Internet 4 work & school not a choice anymore.  Social media apps are.  Not the same thing
@TheDemocrats while you were busy obstructing everything.
Trump started making America Great when We The Americans voted him in
Aweful
45 has taken many actions that weaken our country and our people. He has now stripped us of our privacy. How much more will we endure???
With a stroke of a pen, the pornography industry just imploded since no one wants their kinks public knowledge.
@TheDemocrats got alt of paid soros staffers here doing his bidding against American
@TheDemocrats does this help justify your allegiance to OWO anti American hate towards your fellow Americans 
@TheDemocrats he's an illegitimate president -- must be aborted before he does much more damage!!

Imagine political campaigns going forward: everything you Googled since like forever will be available in oppo research. Thanks for losing.
Now hes totally gone to damn far he has to be impeached or he has to submit all his records to the American people. Hes the worst ever.
Ask your own party. Democrats seem to be the masters at invading privacy. What does #SusanRice know and when did she know it? #MAGA 
#IMPEACHTRUMP
Ok to sign away our privacy yet continue to shield his tax returns.
This should make it so much easier to find information on his hidden taxes
Social media knows everything. 45 uses social media a lot. Maybe we can buy his tax returns from Twitter.
This Fake President is all about GREED!
@SenAlexander @SenBobCorker @DrPhilRoe How does this make America great (or safe)? Republicans sold us out so a company can make money.
What's the purpose? This obviously doesn't benefit Americans. #Sad
He's coming for you...#draintheswamp
@TheDemocrats Buzz off Blumenthal.
As long as Trump undoes whatever Obama did, he's happy. Doesn't matter if it makes sense or is best for us. I don't understand his obsession
@TheDemocrats How does this benefit Republicans?
It's just funny that he has no problem giving everyone else privacy away. Super weird!
What's in in for him or his family? Money?
Hey,where is my rep? What does @RepStefanik think about signing away privacy rights for her 750,000 voters? Did we waste $150,000 on her?
This is already done by Google, etc. You have no internet privacy and should not expect it. Checks ads on your phone after search an item.
This is completely different, in case you are remotely sincere. Don't need a new law for what's already happening.
It makes it great for the 11% of Americans who are idiots.
There he goes blaming things on Obama again. The only person to blame is the person that ordered the bombs to be sent.
Regression at its finest
What privacy? Vault 7, Google ads. Seriously what privacy?
Give him four years. Maybe he can outdo Bush and completely ruin our economy. I have faith he can. They've forgotten what Obama inherited
We can't afford to give him one year, he doesn't understand he is president,  not still running a campaign.
And with a stroke of a pen Obama approved the unmasking of US citizens.
Maybe we can get his taxes now! A total Ass!!!
When you're running a kleptocracy, it helps to get more kleptos on the bandwagon.
It makes congress richer again. He's a crook.Sen.Cornyn(R-TX) pd $148,000 to pass it? Lobby or bribery?
@SenBlumenthal You just have to ask this question to the right audience. If you want to know which? Ask putins comrade trump.
We are going to take it back again.  ;)
That man is out to destroy our country and make it like Russia and Cuba and all the communist countries, greediness it's ugly. He has a 
Shouldn't that bill have been filibustered?
Republicans voted for it. Not enough Dems to stop it.
Today I browsed places to have dinner with wife, was on twitter, listening to Ra's version of Police song. There you go Dick, my history.
Interesting which EO's are signed with all the fanfare and photo ops versus others that are signed behind closed doors.
He should do away with that stupid "Do not Call" registry too. I need more telemarketers bothering me to #MAGA
Take away his pen
If you don't like it, you can easily start your own internet. 

@LPNational @gop
It doesn't. He lies and no one holds him or the @gop accountable.
It's the no honor system...
And no fanfare and cameras for the signing. Aren't things done in secret cheating all of us?
Was this just a way of giving some of his friends a bump?
How do you stoke your pen Senator
It doesn't. I want to tell you how much I appreciate your courage and voting your beliefs. Won't forget it, I promise you. Well done, Sir.
once again its all about the self interest of the rich to get our information and market us next the do not call list will be repealed
@TheDemocrats Like a National Security Advisor signing away privacy?
Where was the filibuster?
No filibuster in the house
Blumenthal is a Senator, it passed the senate, and was signed by 45
Well blumy how did u and ur tugs ? U didn't u made America dangerous for the legals nice try small fry
I hate him
Awwww, are you feeling circumvented? Poor poor baby 
Not MY President...an evil man!
Not mine either!!

someone needs to steal his pen#no more executive orders
This guy thinks that by signing EO is making America great again! BOOFHEAD!!
smoke and mirrors
We never had privacy. NSA, PRISM, Vault 7, need I go on?
These were the rules that hadn't even been enacted yet? The rules that weren't in place for the first decades of the internet? How terrible.
Trump=Disgusting
It doesn't make America great; just greedy.
Disgusting!!
Fortunately major players, including our own Optimum, promise to respect our privacy. Hope party line (R) support bites them.
Ugh ...
Stop the bs! The 2016 law preventing this was never enacted. Google & ev social media site already do this!
Well from my understanding they are following the law because the bill was focused on internet providers not individual sites.
how does putting the welfare of criminal illegal immigrants over the citizens of CT make CT safe again?
NOTHING @POTUS @realDonaldTrump has planned with #MAGA. Not. One. Thing.
It chips away more of the illegal & hatefilled criminal reign of terror that Hussein presided over.Bye bye legacy 2 a true American traitor.
Ladies and gentlemen. If you're really concerned about your online privacy... Avoid Google & Facebook
Also... Avoid listening to @SenBlumenthal He lies a lot.
Let's start focusing on #solutions! Why don't you round up some sponsors and write a bill TO GET THEM BACK! Talk to your @GOP friends DO IT!
How do we protect ourselves in CT? I have already contacted Optimum, but wouldn't believe them when they replied with a generic answer.
It's GREAT OPEN SEASON on US consumers and citizens.
He's just spiteful 12 yr old mental case who thinks this makes HIM better than Obama. Just makes him look greedy and miserable
He is the opposite of Obamas intellect, grace, dignity, knowledge of law and has the breadth of American history in his brain!
NSA, CIA, DOD, FBI,NSA ARE YOU THIS IGNORANT, OR IS IT THE WATER YOU DRINK?
