Amid outrange at his handling of disaster relief and his insults towards the mayor of San Juan, Trump told Puerto Ricans to "not believe the Fake News"…

Aren’t you on trial for corruption @SenatorMenendez
Isn't Trump under investigation for obstruction of justice?
What does that have to do with my comment?
Menendez has a credibility problem.
Trump has a credibility problem.
This isn't rocket science.
I’d agree with those statements.
Go to jail already...
Menendez your ignorance is showing again. @potus has done more since being elected that Obama did in 8 years. Whining Cruz needs to shut up
R u for real. The mayor of San Juan exhibited leadership? Who told u that,one of the hookers u paid?
Really? She had a very favorable opinion of President Trump until she heard from the Democrats' Thought Police.
FYI?? @POTUS has handled Puerto Rico just as wonderfully as he handled Harvey! And u @TheDemocrats CAN NOT STAND IT! Lol. We SEE his work!
Amen to that @Jali_Cat
@SenatorMenendez you really should NOT be speaking about leadership... You should be silent.. how is your trial going by the way??
OMG shut up!  For real, your lecturing?!  
OMG. Talking about shame. Aren’t you in jail yet? BTW you will be stuck there.
So says a corrupt criminal hahaha
You do know we have a few disasters here to clean up too. Or, maybe yours is more important. Try not having corrupt leaders. Ungrateful.
https://twitter.com/nia4_trump/status/914147173192880128 …

umm lets keep the facts straight ..the mayor attacked the President cause she hates him like you do..have fun in jail..dont drop the soap.
http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/10/07/4-guilty-in-1-puerto-rico-biggest-corruption-cases.amp.html … You take a que from them
You mean leadership like this?
Neighboring mayor praises Trump, says San Juan mayor playing "politics," AWOL at meetings http://washex.am/2kd0l5J  
Ok CROOK you need to SHUT THE "F" UP striking union truckers are the problem take your punk ass back to trial
Don't you have jail cell decorations to shop for? I hear pastels are all the rage in Block G these days.
You consider yourself a leader, so does Trump have to commit fraud and assist in the sex trafficking of young girls from the Caribbean.
Criminal
#PartisanHack
YOU speak of leadership and shame? Amazing.
Hey criminal. She is literally standing in front of TONS of stuff sent by TRUMP and she lies about it. She needs to DO HER JOB
Jail bird
Why has Carman NOT been attending FEMA meetings to learn how to coordinate relief efforts? Too busy w CNN?
How much were you paid?
You need professional mental help. You were elected to be a leader and abused the power, now lecturing on leadership #hypocrite #gotojail
Ain't she too old for you Bob?
When are you going to resign?
You are a criminal  you have no right to say anything to our @potus
Says the crook.
Sen on trial for corruption and bribery in Federal Court peaks out from behind a bush to throw a slimy stone. #HypocriteLivesInAGlassHouse
Shameful...like being on trial for corruption.
Pot+kettle=black
You need to keep @POTUS Trump's name OUT OF YOUR LYING MOUTH.
You're a crook and will be going to jail soon.
@BuzzFeedNews you out of all people should not be throwing stone's,facing jail time
I think people in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
Is this a real account?  Dude Joy are corrupt and will go to Federal Prison!  Pathetic
Hey skippy, real soon you're going to find out what living in prison is like. Tip: Don't drop the soap in the shower.
Says the man in the middle of a corruption trial?... and your choice of friends... http://www.judicialwatch.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/D_2009_FALN-FBI-ClemencyIssue.pdf … Look it in the eye sir...
Texas and Florida say "What?"
Trying to manipulate the public through lies from a lying corrupt piece of trash is what is shameful.
Concentrate on your criminal trial ...you are a DEM CROOK,one of many.
neither of these 2 corrupt feckless politicians are worthy to shine President Trump's shoes! #parasites
youre talking BS. San Juan police officers wondering why @CarmenYulinCruz was blocking relief efforts.
"Real leadership" means wearing a 'Nasty' T-shirt promoting partisan politics while people are hurting? https://goo.gl/images/cnYk6X   
You sir... are what we don’t want.  Duuuh...just sayin this one more time...That’s why PRESIDENT TRUMP WON

That's right dumbass.  The news that Trump had done nothing to help Puerto Rico was a lie by super stupid and biased Mayor of San Juan.
Is "real leadership" like your corruption where you get your tax money stealing friend off the hook? Tick tock, Bob.
THESE WORDS ARE UTTERED FROM YOUR CORRUPT MOUTH???!!!
. So you going to show him by being line leader in the perp walk to prison?...
When there is florida texas also but over 60 percent goes elsewhere and yoy criticize,  really
She is not a politician, she's a Militant gone Rogue. There is a difference.
That's not how you get that pardon.
By the way Bobby boy aren't you on your way to prison for corruption? Is Obama going with you or are you going to take one for him?
Your in court on corruption charges, spare me the virtue signalling
should you be assailing anyones integrity/character, schtupping TEENS is unbecoming your elected office, and illegal even for Democrats.
U must mean he doesn’t know the corruption way of getting things done in DC?
Enjoy jail bitch
@BuzzFeedNews
This coming from you right now ....really ?
Your a typical swamp creature that speed poison. Your time is SHORT!!
Fake news!
You have no credibility Senator, & hardly an expert on leadership. Resign, criminal! & Blocked
FEMA reports while most Mayors attend San Juan Mayor has been a NO SHOW at every "Help Mtg" to date and they are held in San Juan,  whoops ?
You'll look great in stripes.
Maybe if she was telling the truth he wouldn't have to. You wouldn't know true leadership if it bit you on the ass. You've no room to talk!!
Should be tweeting or paying attention to your trial. You are the last person anyone would listen to.
You’ll be familiar with leadership once you are holding onto the inside a pocket for ten years.
You really should be quiet because you're a criminal, lying Senator.
She  Is  A  Liar 
You can't believe everything the warden tells you.
Which do you prefer, orange or stripes.  #PrisonBitch
If anyone is as well adverse in corruption cover up it would be @SenatorMenendez Oh & @SenatorReid will vouch for him
Who did you pay to let you be out running at the mouth like an innocent man? Get back to your corner, thief. You have no say, hypocrite.
The mayor has fallen to the evil, scheming and lying Dems. like yourself.
You are just a paid mouth. Trump is a leader - you don't know how to serve your country.
Are u so real,u want to see all containers on docks,bridges down, stupid curfews for drivi g,5000 fema before storm there,no or gov not org
Hey Bob ... have you been fitted for that orange jumpsuit yet?

Is this a joke? You're on TRIAL for corruption? God, liberals are the end. Truly, the most morally corrupt people on the earth!!
Did you go to jail yet? You need to resign
You are pathetically laughable! You have no shreds of dignity or influence left! Time to be quiet and just go to jail!
Real leadership would have Emergency Services management at every press conference. Your a crook, what do you know about helping people?
Fla, Tx, La, VI, ETC all gone well. The only one complaining in PR is a corrupt mayor just like Nagin. Hope you both end up in jail.
have you not resigned for your shameful actions? real leaders would accept responsibility for actions -you will not lecture about leadership
Shouldn't you be getting fitted for an orange jumpsuit?
Lol real leadership ? Tell her to turn around . One criminal praises another
They can’t lock you up soon enough you crook, SOB.
@BuzzFeedNews You are a corrupt felon to be. Your words not so influential. Is PR where the hookers were
The other crazy part is that Irma had hit two weeks prior....FEMA & GOVT officials were still there helping...
You're a criminal, pipe down.
Sen Menendez u spent US taxpayer $ on whores , drinking n partying U r a disgrace! U r indicted 4 bribes n kick backs! Show class  or buy it
OMG! Did she pay you to say that?
You can't help yourself, can you?
You believe that True Leadership is Using Taxpayer Monies for Your Dr. Friend! Corruption In, Corruption Out!
You may not be that bright but a little research shows this is a resistance Antifa tshirt. You could at least make up something original.
San Juan Mayor shld be doing her job & distribute that food & water on the pallets behind her instead of worry about getting her face on TV
Are you getting kick backs from her too?
Unlike you Bobby, @realDonaldTrump is doing a great job.
This REAL leadership you speak of does NOT include the corruption you're charged with. YOU HAVE NO MORAL HIGH GROUND TO SPEAK OF. SHUT UP.
And after your partner in crime was CONVICTED of 67 FELONY COUNTS! Brass Balls 
@SenatorMenendez
I gues he should be learning from a crooked guy like you about leadership
Says the corrupt DEMOCRAT senator on trial on 18 counts of fraud/bribery. helped friend steal $105 million from Medicare.
Aren't you on trial for corruption? By the way, she gave her, I have no supplies speech, in a warehouse full of supplies
Couldn't agree more Senator. It is embarrassing as an American to have someone so hateful and misinformed in the top leadership position.
WTF is this? You are LITERALLY ON TRIAL for crimes against the American people! How in the fuck do you feel like you have ANY high ground?
Just resign ..crook #maga
SAYS the Corrupt Democrat GEEZ
Was this tweet sent from Campo, Domincan Republic?
Tienes cojones y medio hablando de liderasgo, No dejes caer el jabon en la prision.

Shouldn’t u be in jail soon?
Wait. Seriously?? Shameful is that u aren’t yet in prison. Shameful is how corrupt u are. And shameful is that u are a Senator. #shameful
Did she send you hat & T shirt? Incompetent Democrat leadership. No city ruled by Dems is successful, now we can add Country.
Me thinks it was her ... first ... attacking him.

Trump aligns with Law of Cause and Effect ... he’s always at Cause - due to being affected ...
#Seriously Mr. Menendez; Trump is shameful? Have U looked in the mirror? Did U listen when charges against U were read? #ConvictMenendez
Your name will be changed to kneel and Bob in prison....cause that's what you'll be doing!
They let you Tweet during trial?
Wow!! Just wow!! The nerve
And this dude is a senator? Unbelievable. Oh, and your precious mayor is a commie...so...
Last one to be talking about true leadership. Should concern yourself with fun things...like who's going to fund your commissary account.
Impeach
Impeach
Impeach
Impeach
Impeach
Impeach
Impeach
Impeach
Impeach
Impeach
Impeach
Impeach
Impeach
Impeach
#ForTheLoveOfGodImpeach

http://www.facebook.com/MikeCernovich/videos/1320015924794123/?hc_ref=ARTkahT2sB915c9fVPa20QFno0qSHasjqdyMl7KqqshsZU89otAiVXaG9W_RFO9mdL4&pnref=story …

People are not dying in Puerto Rico,
The Death Count was 16 a week ago
and its remains 16 today.
Please RT 
No, shameful is a US Senator on trial for bribery and corruption and a PR mayor whining about people dying while standing in front of aid
The bigger question is " How many years do you think you will be locked up for"?
I keep thinking liberals can't go any lower but they keep proving me wrong. What a disgrace to your countries you people are!
Shouldn't you be in prison or something?
You're on trial for corruption,  maybe, just maybe, you shouldn't be tweeting?
Ok criminal
How is shouting "We are dying! Genocide! You're not helping!" leadership? On national TV, she didn't even say where people could send aid.
Bob, are there any good hookers in Puerto Rico?
I guess to you, Senator, leadership means being corrupt and selling political favors. You would make a good running mate for Hillary.
- There is evidence that San Juan Mayor is intentionally sabotaging relief effort.  (1)
I would be worried about your trial.
You aren't qualified to speak on "real leadership," you mendacious, corrupt, bribe-taking, sex abuser politician
Seriously...if you are a senator under criminal investigation, you should probably keep your pathetic trap shut.  
We need to start having random drug testing for Congress. You are definitely on something.
Really!! And I hope you become someone’s  where you are going you damn crook! As for her she is a lying pawn!

Corruption and bribery are shameful bob

Curt Schilling in Puerto Rico: Trump Provided Speedy Relief, But Execution on the Ground 'Horrifying'
Senator coming from you and what we are learning about your behavior; I'd sit down and not speak

Nice endorsement mayor from a man whose on trial with a guilty verdict on its way.  You’d be wise to #DistanceYourself
Yup no power but she has power to get T-shirt’s and ball caps made. Instead of helping her people, what a class act she is!
Aren't you the one currently on trial for corruption and bribery? And you're lecturing on how to act? Interesting. Good luck in jail.
Who?  Shame on whoever you are.  You don't seem to care for the people, do your jobs.
You will see what real prison looks like you crook.
Really???     Who is asking this question?   GUILTY!!!!!!!
Someone is looking for a get out of jail free pass. No?
According to fema it is hard to get thd mayor's cooperation. Union acting up and now we got a loud mouth future con weighing in
Put a sock in it you corrupt smarmy leftist, divisive little man! Incompetent Mayor is using tragedy for political smears. No shame!
