please also consider voting no on Betsy Devos - she is not qualified! she doesn't know that IDEA is a federal law - scary!
we know why- save your breath...
Thank you!
He, who is up on corruption charges. You shouldn't even be judging Tillerson.
Thank you!!  Next we need you to vote NO on DeVos.  We should not allow people to profit at the expense of our children!!
Please do not let the "T-Rex. loose in the hen house"!
make sure you have your affairs in order as will be not be in the Senate come 2018.  #termLimits Tom Kean, Jr.
Thank you, Senator.
thank you.
Great, now #DumpDevos too
Thank you.
Thank you!
Great news on Tillerson.  Waiting to hear that you're voting no on DeVos.
/
Thank you for you courage Senator.
of course you will... Democrat!
thank you
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you Senator
of course you will. You don't want anyone around smarter than you, makes you look ineffective. Stand back, we got this#MAGA
Thank you senator
you are under investigation. Who cares what you think. Do NJ taxpayers a favor and Resign!
@NJIndivisible thank you
Thank you!
Thank you!
please vote NO on DeVos and Sessions.
Make sure you vote NO on Devos as well. I hear you're undecided...not quite sure how. #NJIsWatching
thank you, Mr. Menendez! Thank you.
Thank you!
And Devos?? #StopDeVos
Support POTUS nominees or resign now and beat the Nov 2018 Democratic Rush!
You do realize the senate has a right to reject nominations as a part of our system of checks & balances #readtheConstitution
Yes, but the Dems don't have the numbers to stop any of them. Just playing delay game. It will come back 2 bite
yes vote no...all he wants is oil from russia..
Good for you. Too bad Little Rubio sold out for oil $ or Trumps love.
@NJ_Democrat Thank you!
- Thank you for doing the right thing!
Ignoramus Moron!
thank you. Please vote no on Betsy DeVos also! Protect our public schools!
What about DeVos? Really disappointing that you haven't taken a stand against her destructive agenda yet.
thank you!!'
thank you
Thank you Senator!
as a resident of NJ - Thank you! 
Thank you for your support in the American people.
Thank you!
-thank you. Please vote NO!
@AlamoOnTheRise thank you for having courage to do the right thing!  So disappointed in @LindseyGrahamSC and @JohnMcCain
Gracias!
Senator Do you think the foreign policy of Obama and SoS's Clinton/Kerry was good for the USA? Tillerson can't be worse.
@Maggyw519 thank you
thank you for your leadership!
Thank you, Senator
thank you for standing by your constituents!
thank you!
nice to know cause we'll be looking to pick up your seat at your next reelection bid too!
Craig in JC & AP, NJ supports your decision.  This is not the time or place for learning on the job
thank you sir!
we know why. Dem party said no money unless u do what we say. U have my sympathies
Thank you, Senator!  You'll oppose #DeVos as well? Apart from grizzly bears, her $$ support of #homophobic organizations
Thank you Senator! Serve your constituents and vote #noDevos and #noPruitt #WeAreTheResistance
Thank you!!!!
Leave it to a dumb politician to think business can't translate to government success. Politicians are all talk.
A man with Principals who doesn't wish to do what RUSSIA wants! THANK YOU!
THANK YOU!
thank you! Please also vote NO on Sessions and DeVos and keep protecting your constituents
, thank you!
thanks!
thank
thank you
Thank you!
Thank you for your sound voice of reason and for putting #AmericaFirst
thank you!
Thank you
THANK YOU!!! 
Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos. NOTHING is more important than the education of our children.
/You have been indicted on Federal Corruption Charges in U.S. District Court on April 1 2015 /You should have no vote
@TheObamanista Because The Republicans Have The Goods On Your Dominican Republic Vacation!  
Thank you!
@ealight461 Thank you Senator!
Good for you!!!!! We don't need another Russian hack. Our WH if full.
Thank you Senator - don't stop there, DeVos and Sessions as well.
Thank you for serving the #AmericanPeopleFirst
Thank you, Senator!
, thank you.
Thank you for listening to your constituents!
are you voting No on DeVos? Please vote NO
Who cares. He will be the Sec of State..Get used to it.
Bravo! You are the best, most principled, intelligent, knowledgeable senator.Count on yu. Regret not constituent but 100s of my friends are.
I don't think its going to make any difference to the final out-come
You're a good man, Senator Bob.  Please do what you can to break a GOP senator or two away from the horde.
Thank you!!!
Thank you, @SenatorMenendez, for standing by what you believe in.  I appreciate your work.
HOW are you still on the fence about @BetsyDeVos.  Can she even be more unqualified than she already is?
thank you.
thank you Senator, it's an honor to have you representing the people of NJ today.
Thank you, Senator Menendez!
Your a Democrat?
Thank you Senator!
thank you Senator Memendez. TILLERSON is unfit to serve in such a high position rep the USA. His loyalty is to EXXON
/ I believe Sen. Menendez is unfit to serve since he's under Indictment on Federal Corruption Charges
Thank you.
Thank you, @SenatorMenendez, for sticking to your principles & doing what's right for our country.
Thank you, Senator. Hope all Ds on committee do too along with some Rs (Rubio, Graham, McCain). Not sure about last 2.
thank you!!! 
thank you
BOBBY, it won't matter. Keep dividing. #UniteOrSTFU
thank you from 07712
I am so proud that you are my Senator.
Thank you, from a concerned NJ resident.
Thank you!
Thank you!
thank you!
