1.President Trump must issue a full Disaster Declaration for the entire island of Puerto Rico, which astonishingly has yet to happen.
2. President Trump should appoint a Special Assistant for Rebuilding, to coordinate the multi-faceted federal efforts for Puerto Rico
3. President Trump should request more funding to assist Puerto Rico’s Medicaid program, something I've long advocated for.
4. Use all fed resources to restore power, including sending Energy Dept experts; 500 utility employees; 100 fuel trucks; & 200 generators
5.Send more Department of Defense assets: construction battalions to repair power and transportation infrastructure, command and control aircraft for air traffic control; helicopters for search and rescue; and 1,500 service members to provide disaster and humanitarian assistance.
6.Congress must waive local cost share requirement for FEMA public assistance disaster funding for all categories of FEMA public assistance
7.POTUS must send assets & expertise from across the fed govt to restore communications, such as @CommerceGov, @FCC, @USCG & @DeptofDefense
8. President Trump should ensure that FEMA, Coast Guard, and DOD work together effectively to restore all ports to working condition.
Who did you get money from today #fraudMenendez.

Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello just stated: "The Administration and the President, every time we've spoken, they've delivered......
Go away Bob!9
Democrat politicians are the problem.
You and your colleagues?
Come on senator-----
We all know that this is b******* advertising for you and you alone
Very Presidential. Thank you. Sorely needed.


I mean last time I checked Puerto Rico's not even a state yeah I agree we should help them but they act like it's New York City or something
You really need to sit down and shut up! It’s not your place to demand anything right now! Besides......
You will be in jail soon Resign now for your constituents. Guess you were caught up in your trial to know @potus has been on this since day1
Aren't you heading to jail?
@SenatorBobMenendez ! Stop pretenfing that  you "really care" about  the People  in PR ! Get ready for your, time in jail for corruption !
Menendez is in deep dodo ! He can't help u! I hope they throw the book at him!!
Did someone pay you to take that position?  Because... well you know, right??  Right Bob?
Well, we know you hired underage hookers, but nobody cares to stop the pedophiles in our government, right @FBI ?? Right @realDonaldTrump ??
While you were working it was already done
1 thru 8. Keep me out of jail.
We've helped enough. Start worrying about OUR PEOPLE. REPEAL not replace ACA. You work for us.
Yeah....how about you not make demands until your no longer under federal investigation.
Now you want to be a Senator!
Not in jail yet? Get ready to meet the boys in the shower,
Stop trying to create a negative image. The PR Governor thanked Trump already!
9. ....as long as I get a cut
And these hypocrites want @POTUS to stop tweeting!  At least he tweets positive messages and is pro America. Can't say the same 4 democrats!
I was a lifelong democrat and I'm ashamed to admit that. I will never ever vote democrat again!  Thank you @POTUS for #MAGA
What have you done for the people beside lie and steal. You have gall to attack @POTUS!  All you democrats do is lie, cheat and steal.
When do your lawyers think your conviction will be decided? Have you decided which prison you want to live at yet?
How about you donate some of your excess pay-for-play funds to a worthy charity and let DHS, FEMA, et al do their jobs?
Suspend all eternal refugee programs and redirect funds and resources to Puerto Rico.
How many years in prison? Fines? How many underage girls? You lost all moral authority to say anything, so focus on your trial
Geez aren't you in court dude
Funny how Dems have all these opinions but cannot come up with ideas for solving healthcare crisis that doesn't bankrupt us.
I too am frustrated but realize ACA destroyed many working class families and millions can't afford $1000 premium & $6k deduct.
There is not a giant pot of money for free stuff for everyone
When you can purchase across state lines, not rely on government subsidies  to pad your pockets , competition promotes new ideas & cost redu
Sit down and shut up you crook!
How's your pay for play corruption trial going?
Are you actually allowed in the building while your on trial for corruption? Hmm
You're.
The Gov is happy with the President's response. Shouldn't you be helping your lawyer prepare for your corruption trial?
How is your corruption trial going?
You're corrupt
Why are you telling us? You work for the President; can't face him? BTW, how's that corruption trial going?
How's the corruption trial going? Have they gotten to the underage hookers yet?
After your trial
@SenatorMenendez was called Corrupt by even @barackobama he has be indicted and is about to be sentenced but cannot shutup @JackPosobiec
You should probably concentrate ob your defense,  skippy....or getting yourself tough for prison
Please report to prison ty.
If you testify, will your head explode when you have to say "I swear to tell the truth"
Tweet while you can, menendez
He just did the Jones Act
Somebody pls pull Trumpy aside & tell him PR ppl are US citizens, I seriously don't think he knows this!
Bro you're going to jail
About the only action I've seen come out of the Senate the past year.
I thought you were on trial??
Hookers & Planes for days...
Do you like underage Puerto Rican girls?
Your LIES are smears against our Servicemen and Servicewomen https://pjmedia.com/instapundit/276839/ …
Hope justice is served and lock you up!! 
Getting all this in before u go to prison?
You need to be concerned about staying out of jail. Another corrupt politician. Not interested in a corrupt liar. An embarrassment to NJ!
You should worry about how long you are going to jail for
Why are you still in office buying under age litlle girls for sex. You are nothing but a predator.
Did you run this statement by all the teen hookers you were nailing on your medicare-fraud-funded jaunts?
You should be way more worried about your trial for corruption than anything the president is doing 
How's your trial going homie?
Easy there Bobby.
Boy this is hilarious ... shouldn’t you be getting your own affairs in order???
That's the one thing on our dime he has in order... his affairs
Puerto Rico Jones Act: Trump waives shipping restrictions for island
How many of your friends in PR are going to send kickbacks to your prison account?

I wish you were this concerned with #PuertoRico before politicians gave pr bad deals to line their pockets #MenendezForPrison2017
You're lawyer says you have an "hermano" (his words) who's very generous with a private jet.
You should be more worried about the rocks you will encounter !
You wouldn't happen to have access to a plane you could send over, do you? Filled with potable water- Evian perhaps?
aren't u in court what the hell were doing for ppl when you embezzeled millions of $$ from MEDICAID dude put down ur phone & get off twitter
That a lot of “shoulds” for a guy who’s “should” all over his ethical reputation.
How's your corruption trial going, Bob??
Bob should have worried about not just helping out his Dr friend,,, Bobbys going to jail soon, doo da, doo da,
Shouldn't you be preparing for your trial?
Maybe you can arrange for all Borinqueños to come to the US like you did for these poor Dominicanas who knew your Dr Buddy.
Should probably just keep your mouth shut criminal!
Why don't you donate some of your stolen money to Puerto Rico?
You and your Dr buddy should arrange for free air fare and vacations to posh resorts for all affected Borinqueños.
Arent you on trial for corruption? Shouldnt you be worrying about prison time and let Pres Trump do his job,  Sit down n shut up U crook
Are you tweeting this while in court or prison ? Have to teach me how to type with with handcuffs on.
Supplies have been pouring into PR and they are sitting on the dock. Why don't you wake up that lap dog Governor of yours and get him to work,
you're a joke bobby boy
Might be a good time to shhhhhhh!
@CoryBooker "How bout we privatize this dump instead & henceforth call it Reese's Puerto Rico Presented by State Farm" - 45
I like it.  This bridge reopening sponsored by Toyota!  Toyota...let's go places!
How are you still tweeting?!  Are you a glutton for punishment? Why don't you donate all the money you stole to the efforts in PR??
Are you Tweeting this from the courthouse during your corruption trial?
Aren't you on trial for corruption? Liberal MSM never talks about it I'm certain the silence has nothing to do with you being a DemocRat
You're going to prison, you short fuck.

You sir an uninformed. Everything Puerto Rico needs in terms of supplies is sitting at their docks. They just aren't grabbing it

THERE IS ONLY ONE ACTION NEEDED RIGHT NOW BY YOU . RESIGN. SORRY.
Why is the Trump administration forcing Puerto Rico evacuees to pay for air fair? They lost everything....
He is already working on this devasted island. He has FEMA involved & Coast Guard, etc. Another liberal lie & hit on our President.
Our President waited way to long to send help. Our President is a clown,  a phycopath and a hypocrite and a disgrace to this country!  Peace
Help has been there since Sat. Seebees been there for days. The port is damaged cant use. Flights everyday since Sat.
