White House is restricting lawmakers from visiting Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, aides say http://wapo.st/2y7LWxR 
What is wrong w/@potus?!? He continues to negate the value of so many. He's a wannabe dictator.....smh
Looking for a photo op.
Stay in DC and pass some of those bills. The Senate is not doing it's job. #VoteThemOut
Luis will hand out a few bottles of water for the photo op.
Get a Dunkirk level response going, Senator.  That’s what’s needed.
Rubio and ME.
Go anyway. It's the morally correct thing to do. Send C-17s now. They're capable of immediate humanitarian & medical relief. Made in USA.
How's your corruption trial coming along Senator?
Will you be wearing your ankle bracelet to #PuertoRico
guess you want to get arrested again. Oh yeah, shouldn't you be in court for corruption charges?
Aren't you under investigation? 
Did the courts OK you leave the country?
Wouldn't it be better time spent with a lawyer?
45 is trying to suppress the media to prevent the truth abt his in action on PR (he is paying PR back for his bankruptcy)
You do realize the media is in Puerto Rico, right? Planes are flying there and stuff. But don't let that interrupt your anti-Trump narrative
You can't escape prison by going to Puerto Rico Bob. SMH
Aren't you on trial for federal corruption charges? You aren't going to Puerto Rico any time soon. #Fraud
When you say 'assess', I hope you mean you'll bring a bunch of supplies and rations.
WHY????
Because the WH doesn't want to look bad...  they are already blaming the ocean as preventing efforts which is not legitimate.
Bob Menendez and the Wapo. I will reserve judgement for a bit longer on this.
Make sure the Airline has a USB Charger in your seat, this way you can keep your ankle tracking device fully charged
Are you taking another free airplane ride? Aren't you on trial for that already?
Except you can't go because you are on trial for bribery and corruption.
Don't wander over to the DR.
Since when does Congress report to the presidency? Founders gave Legislative branch separation of powers from Executive branch.
Can you leave the state while your bribery trial is going on? Make a stop over at orgy island while you are there. Or the DR. #LockHimUp
Yeah, just think of all those young, pretty Puerto Ricañas that need your help, Senator.
Thank you, Senator! And please do what you can to help waive the #JonesAct
You are not needed in Puerto Rico and would just waste resources going there.  Stay home and pass bills to help.  Not rocket science Bobby.
We already know what you do with free air travel #CorruptBob
Bob can we trust you to come back or do you and "eyes" have dates in Ecuador with no return tickets
Why???
It is land of the free, what is the big deal?
I HEARD TRUMP OWES 3 MILLION IN TAXES IN PUERTO RICO?
Just go anyway!!
Take a commercial plane and not military, your not being restricted, more BS
I wouldn't mind Marco Rubio going however Bob Menéndez needs to be kept away from our young girls. Don't trust Menéndez with your daughters
A congressional delegation is not going to help Puerto Rico. Stay in Washington &  pass bill for funding to rebuild Puerto Rico.
corrupt!
Provide life sustainment then we will die on plain view of the world. SOS, we are dying day by day.
To allow other nations to help, we are way too far from a great operation. Remember PR is only 100 x 50 miles. If the federal gov cannot
Aren’t you on trial? G
The rest of the island is like the current tax code. We need cargo helicopters to fly large amounts of supplies, we need Jones Act waived
You will just be in the way. Let the professionals get there.
Because there are limited number of truck drivers, the red tape by FEMA to get things transfers from their warehouse in San Juan to
there are a ton of containers full of supplies, many of them sent by citizens in the mainland that cannot be moved to different towns
4 days to get a lottery ticket to fly out. Hospitals are running without power, AC, basic medicines and antiseptics, water, electricity
@SenRubioPress @CNN @SenTedCruz Senators even when we praise the actions of FEMA in PR, they are way behind on the recovery. People are
PRico DON'T need assessors. PRico NEED marching orders and ACTIONS!!!
They need SUPPLIES. STOP the POLITICS!
Doesn't make sense because @SenatorMenendez is LYING. He can hop on commercial fight any time. Judge presiding over his trial may mind tho.
The hell with assessing the disaster.  Take food, water, meds and generators and money!
This will become VERY REAL for Trump and ALL supporting GOP when photos & video of this AVOIDABLE crisis in PR emerge in the coming days.
Don't you belong on court?
Find a private plane instead. #PuertoRico
It's about time cause @POTUS doesn't care! 
Puerto Rico is Part of USA too - they need help
PLEASE find a way to go irregardless of any restrictions placed on you by the White House. I can't imagine how anything is more urgent.
Restricted a trip organized by your office on your day off from trial. Rubio & Gutierrez & Rivera can observe & report back.  Stay home.
Ask @mcuban.  He can get lawmakers there!
The idea is well intentioned, but all you will do is distract local officials and aid workers by taking them away from their critical work.
@SenatorMenendez @marcorubio Please go to Puerto Rico and get the process of aid and recovery going. So many lives are at stake.
@NoFascistsPls @marcorubio @washingtonpost PLEASE EXPLAIN HOW THE W H CAN RESTRICT YOU FROM TRAVELING. SERIOUS QUESTION.
@SenatorMenendez is lying.He can get his buddy's plane (w/o strippers) and fly into PR any time. Judge may not like him leaving trial though
Where do I sign up? I can help.
What the hell will you all do?  Walk around in your expensive suits and wait for photo op?
Push! It's bad and will get worst.
In the meantime, please pressure the WH to suspend the Jones Act for Puerto Rico. (cc @RepSires)
If It's Racist It's Incorporated into the Response2PuertRico [That's American] @MakeItPlain @UN @historyoftruth @DNC @RNC @RNC @RacismFacts

Maddening. 
3,000 shipping containers packed with food water & medicene have been sitting at the port in Puerto Rico since Saturday 
there are Americans here on the mainland who just want corrupt lawmakers to resign.
Thank you for your continued service to ALL Americans!
I wouldnt count bribery and corruption as "service". He's basically used us to line his own pockets. #MenendezTrial
Taking bribes from Puerto Rico.
Check out there prisons while your there and say hi to buba
Why?
Go, you and @marcorubio and for heaven's sake, help those people!!
GO!
