Trump deportation threats to constrict already-tight job market, could cost economy $5 trillion: study http://trib.in/2m8aT6u  
Are you willing to risk the lives ofTrue Americans. Plus I don't believe your figures are correct
What are "true Americans?" oh, they're the poorly educated of the south
good question...what is a "true" American?
we don't want them here don't you understand that? they came ILLEGALLY thumbing their noses at this country and still doing so
trump should be impeached he and bannon  Miller spicer Conway are all dangerous
impeached for WHAT???
where to start connection to Russia scandal, lies, corruption,conflict of interest, saying media is fake when he
trump doesn't want the media to catch him red handed that is why he says they are fake but we all know he is fake
chuck, chuck, chuck! It's the ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS WE SRE TALKING ABOUT!! Hello???? Are you not listening?
Their policy is hardly based in economics. It's based on hate. And white power.
I feel African American today. Yesterday , I felt white.
@DavidKoechner then why didn't you push one single piece of immigration reform in Obama's 8 years?
You have a short memory. A detailed plan was in place. Republicans obstructed it.
No. Untrue
This article is a great explanation of why we still don't have immigration reform in this country.
@SenatorMenendez you forgot to write ILLEGAL unless you were referring to deporting legal immigrants which is ridiculous!
We keep getting this lesson because we don't learn how much we need the undocumented people among us!
so LISTEN to US!!! We don't care what YOU want...listen to US!!!
senator the Federal Governorment has failed to protect our borders. You and others allowed this to happen!
yet they want to control our children's education
overlook your lack of action and then expect us to believe you will resolve the problem!
@chicagotribune America wants mass deportations>The welfare, freebies illegals Get is outrageous! Stop with the fake BS! #MAGA
I am an American. I don't want deportations. Do a fact check please
I do want deportations! I have done fact checks>illegals R costing $$$ & taking jobs>crime stats
and when did you become an accountant?
(Tears of a clown) care to comment on the total cost of the three million deported under the Obama Administration?
I am sure you didn't know he was a possible predator, but that is the point; girl would have been spared
http://www.youngcons.com/athlete-who-overcame-trumps-travel-ban-arrested-for-sexual-abuse-of-12-year-old-girl/ …
Take a look at the largest garlic farmer Christopher Ranch. They pay $15/hr and have full employment w/LEGAL workers!
Potatoes reach 10 dollars a pound Fake News for now stay tuned
how do you think Trump got elected?By PROMISING us they would be made to go back home. US = WE THE PEOPLE.  YOU are paid by US!
@chicagotribune
That is the question 
Nuke option
DT and his filthy rich friends should foot the bill!
so are you say Chuck, Hillary, Pelosi, Warren are NOT FILTHY RICH?
Getting rid of illegals has a direct effect to the bottom line of this country if we could call you illegal you would be gone
illegal immigrants affect our job prospects in the negative way especially for people who are not skilled in this country
and now you talking about it?
legal yes illegal no.. your Wrong!
no you just tell people if they want their welfare checks they will do the jobs or no welfare
if dems knew how to save money , why r we over 20 trillion in debt....maybe u better pick a diff subject to talk about
@chicagotribune After watching @13THFilm, I doubt many will actually be deported. They'll be held in prisons-for-profit.
thank you, Chuck!
What's wrong with you ????
@mikemannion5 @chicagotribune This is the beginning of a dragnet— dems need to STOP bringing tweezers to a glock fight!
If it's such a tight job market why are so many American's on welfare, food stamps, jobless?  Could it be failed Dem policies?
What we wnt is all illegal criminals deported is tht too much for ur brain to comprehend
Liar @SenSchumer
 If Trump deports all the criminal immigrants it would save American Taxpayers over $65 BILLION DOLLARS in ten years.
can you do it without the fake tears
why do they get better benefits than legal citizens....explain please
immigrants are NOT ILLEGALS....immigrants in 1860s joined army worked on RR of fended for themselves now they tax system
is it so much to ask to be legal...do things the right way...why advocate to be illegal...do you job #WeThePeople
IMMIGRANTS do, not ILLEGALS #Fascist. I'M an IMMIGRANT
You are actually a slave driver that pimps his victims to stroke your gullible supporters into a fake orgasm. The act of a fraud
@chicagotribune Let's face it.  Repubs will let @realDonaldTrump piss away as much money as he wants.  They say FU America!
. Look at all the money you wasted for eight years!
so it's ok to break the law? you really are a far left nut
I'll take the country over the dough chuck u
there has never been a definition of 'comprehensive'. That's code for massive spending and the importing illegal democrats
@chicagotribune  Chuck why are you acting like you can fix anything. Your all talk no action. So keep talking. POTUS in action
CHUCK SUPPORTS SLAVERY ALERT: low Income Undocumented Criminals only bolster the fat cat bank accounts of Liberal Elite CEOs!
Schumer you are a globalist paid for by George Soros and everybody knows it!  You're a traitor and a sellout!
Hi STUPID
A LOT OF JOBS WOULD BE CREATED?A LOT OF NEW JOBS WOULD OPEN UP?THE ONES HOW GAVE UP-NOT ON THE LIST-WOULD NOW HAVE A JOB?????
@chicagotribune hey cry baby then why didn't you and Obama not do something for 8 yrs loser
Because we have Prez who's biggest talent is Bankruptcy and overspending.
Immigrants take our lower skill level jobs and deny them to Americans. Dems are mum on this, they have uncontested black vote
Pipe dream to keep dependency on democrats and keep their votes.
so wrong ding dong...If they aren't coming in there is no massive deportation
no body believes you!!!
I guess you should have gotten it done during the first two years of the @POTUS44's term when you had a super majority.
when you start taking an active, effective and ethically answerable stand EVERY DAY, your tweets will be more meaningful.
You think it's easy, running things through Goldman Sachs all the time? Give the poor stooge a break.
It's true - these things take time, and we wouldn't want to anger the only voters that seem to count.
Well Chuclie Boy, with only 63% of the labor force actually employed today, having ILLEGALS take jobs away from US is WRONG!
Well Chuckie Boy, why then don't you get your buddies in Congress to start working on that reform instead of badmouthing @POTUS?
@POTUS Well Chuckie Boy, I see you are wrong once again. ILLEGALS are a drain on our economy, and bring no workplace skills.
such bull
use minimum security inmates.  They work for like what $.45 a hour.
But the Trumpees like the bluster, domination, aggression. Sad
as usual republicans & their bad math-lead by hate &racism daily-then blame everyone else 4 their mistakes-
so u don't believe in our laws then..so we should just pick and choose which ones to follow...I don't like paying your salary
NO workers for stupid Trump wineries.  Let the grape vines wilt and die
I really thought Schumer would be better than Reid. Unfort, I was wrong......very wrong.
What the Hell happened to the Fed hiring Freeze? #icanttakeitanymore
Yes! True! But 5 trillion minus 197 billion isn't that much! Peanuts, if you ask me! Come on, Schumer! #resist
Lies, damn lies, and then statistics.  Those numbers smell like they just got pulled out of your ass. Legals fill out paperwork
@PressSec Schumey, nobody believes your bullshit anymore.. take a long vacation.. suggest Tijuana
@chicagotribune should have thought about the cost years ago when u let everybody in
I wonder if you are even capable of telling the truth.
you are the enemy of US
what happened 2 my issue we reported 2u about our FFL stolen-used to buy illegal military assault weapons? U dropped the ball??
spending money that is not necessary making the national even bigger here we go back to the Bush years R's do the right thing
@mommitsunami Not disagreeing, but why didn't you bring this up in the Senate when you could've done something about it.
I love the hard-working, unassuming people who do the wonderful work that keeps food on our tables our yards/homes kept nice.
@mssenator You had me @ "Immigrants bolster our economy." #NoWallNoBan
BS the leader of your party Pocahontas.  We the people are going to removed her from the senate 
Then YOU!!!
@mssenator Let's not forget the $12Billion "wall" which people will destroy, walk around, tunnel under, & fly over.
@LeslieMarshall Balto doubled MW IN 60's thinking all elevator operators would benefit. All elevators automated because of price
You are the biggest liar . More than Hillary and Obama
@realDonaldTrump Since when did Trump or Republicans believe truth or facts?
last time we had comprehensive reform you all never did the fix on the border NEVER AGAIN!
but math never drove republican policies
Headline...."Chicago Tribune goes up in smoke global warming & pot are suspects"!!!!
#fakenews
then why didn't you do something about it for the last 8 years.
@chicagotribune Quit pushing fake news Chuck. Will never remove law abiding immigrants- only criminals, and they add nothing.
Americans do not want ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS destroying our country, what don''t u get about that? USE THE WORD ILLEGAL!
IMPEACH TRUMP!!
I hear you! My husband employs them/seasonal/legal/qualified. Not many people want the job or can do it
you have been in office for ever why has reform not occurred.  It is just money for programs from tax payers
now your worried about $$. Trump already called for reform. Again YOU ARE Too. LATE ....THE TRAIN LEFT YOU AND YOUR CRONIES!
Are you speaking legal immigrants or illegal Chuck?
Nice try, #captainobstruction.  U forget the  majority of us have some common sense...and we're paying attention. #midterms2018
Mister scarecrow, that statement is only true if the if the illegals are all criminals.
Besides, As Madam Polosie stated about the ACA. It's the law of the land & we are a nation of laws. Don't like it, get out.
@NancyPelosi YES, do the More Just, Less expensive, More human choice!  wants immigration reform @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
sir do you think Mr.Trump is going to understand that he is going to put economy in Gutter if he deports 11 million
impeachment would be cheaper.
tell all your "friends" who cross ILLEGALLY to go to an IC and start process to becoming citizens. That save even more
ok
@chicagotribune new study shows that illegal immigrants contribute a gazillion dollars to US economy.  Right.
@lrcpt @chicagotribune The cost of food will skyrocket too because farmers will have to pay more to pickers if anyone will wrk
11 million workers gone.
Food rots on vine.
No food riots begin.
Martial law is goal.
Get up and pick food your selves.
Farm.
you need to get 45 under control.  This is insane.
Thank you!!! just reform immigration
like Schumer actually cares about spending. Go buy some new glasses.
that is nothing but BS fake numbers
You liberals are all alike, Chucky! President Trump is determined to make America safe again, and I applaud him for that!
@chicagotribune But it's a $5T which would flow into a pockets of the private detention centers owners and their cronies
You've been a Senator since before electricity, old guy. You could have fixed this long ago and didn't. Just get out of the way.
Damn you tax and spend liberals.  Why can't you save money like this @GOP (sarcasm font)
@chicagotribune give them green cards make them pay taxes and follow the rules like this legal immigrant. Again you are a clown
Undocumented (workers) are being deported; are the employers who broke the law by hiring them are also being detained?
nobody cares!
Chuckie...I'm sorry did you read the EO.  It's to deport illegal criminals.  Can I get you a new pair of glasses?
Sen. Schumer, your party and the Republican Party have failed the people when it comes to immigration reform.
@StevenLovesUSA1  pitiful washed up Traitor to your own country . You need to move the illegals in with your family
What did it cost when Obama deported 3.5 million??
Illegal immigrants are not just the field workers. They are also construction workers!  U.S. Poor citizens should benefit 1st!
You are a sad excuse for an American Man! You are a sad excuse as a father, grandfather! you don't care, but push the propaganda
@chicagotribune: Court cost and a bus ticket are not that expensive.
You were sooo supportive when Obama wanted to crack down on illegals and terrorist refugees. Why didn't you care when Barry did?
Facts not fiction Very Fake News!!! Law and Order, elections have consequences
@chicagotribune: I find it hard to believe it's more expensive to deport someone then to have the tax payers support for life.
Immigrants pay taxes unlike the President and apparently members of his family. Kinda makes you wonder who should be deported.
What kind of a man sells out his fellow countrymen for the benefit of illegal aliens and mainly fighting age refugee men? Dummy!
What about Terrorism? Potential additional American lives taken by imported Jihadists? You are OK with that as a Jew? Really?
You should retire. You're not thinking straight. America and Americans first ChuckYou were all for Barry's immigration rules.
what about murders, rapes, drug traffic, illegal weapons, public safety issues, lack of assimilation...what about those costs?
Ok Chuck, are you making up numbers as you go? What about jail costs, healthcare, food stamps, housing for the flow of illegals?
minority leader, don't know where you get you numbers, probably the NY Times but if it cist 10T we'll save 20T in benifits
Nobody is looking to deport immigrants, only illegal immigrants.  Are you saying it is acceptable to allow criminal behavior?
Democrats need to find a way to help Americans understand what it will mean if we turn Mexico against the US. Very dangerous!
@realDonaldTrump  way to go, big R's ruin economy once again. # heartless
don't believe you. #fakenews
Don't you realize, illegal immigrants living here cost as much as going after them. When are you going to give it up. It's s#$t
Chuck you're saying the reform you seek is up to democrats to decide. Why should tax payers pay more. The path is there already
You, the House and Barry O couldn't do this when you had all 3. Instead, you unleashed ACA upon us. Crawl back under your rock.
Without illegal immigrants being paid squat under the table, businesses would be forced to increase wages for legitimate people.
The Republicans don't care this is all about shock and awe and you show him mean they can be
How would deporting ILLEGAL immigrants tighten our job market? Thousands of jobs suddenly becoming available would be a boost.
Have u factored in the savings in welfare payments and the drain on local resources?
We are a nation of laws, not men. Sorry if you don't like the law and instead support ILLEGAL behavior.
Seems to be a common theme among Republicans. Instead of making an investment in the future, they are destroying the present.
the U.S. spends $99 billion from government subsidies each year on illegal immigrants. Stop incentive to remain in illegal stat
your a liar go cry for willy
Most Americans feel the same as me.  You can choose to close your ears and eyes, but it will not change how the country feels.
Total bunch of BS and you know it.  Get out and go do a real job and find out!
Why didn't u enforce these laws?  POTUS is correct Obama and Congress left a mess. @POTUS
US will be bankrupt, same at failed businesses. Expect default on debts.
There isn’t anything you could say which would make me think you are telling the truth. Change your name to Clinton.
-how many "legal Americans" would willingly replace "illegals"2 pick crops/fruit 2 earn $ & put food on r tables. Food 4 thought
There is no mass deportation of immigrants.  We need to vet and remove ILLEGAL immigrants that want to do us harm.
Maxine Waters truely represents the Dems, name calling and lies about anyone who doesn't confirm with your agenda
deduct the Trillions illegals cost us, not to mention the gangs ,drugs, crime and murders ! GOOD GRIEF ! Stop the politics
Well Chucky you should take a few home to live with you save America some money @realDonaldTrump
Bye 2018 Fuckstick !!!
Chuckles couldn't pass 3rd grade math. He's a joke.
I understand why Donald Trump praised him as a man who can see the future. His position over the Jewish State and Muslims are OK
Is there a DIFFERENCE between LEGAL IMMIGRANTS and ILLEGAL?  Why won't you ACKNOWLEDGE THESE DIFFERENCES?
USA GOP NO ISSUES WITH TRUMP OR ADMIN..MORE FAKENEWS FROM FAKE SEN..REALLY DUMMIE SCHUMER GET A LIFE JOIN SALVATION ARMY
KEITH ELLISON IS THE BEST CHOICE YOU HAVE TO WIN THE NEXT ELECTION. HE'S SMART AND CHARISMATIC AND A TRUE LEADER...
Govt numbers are fake.  Many will self-deport.
Yes Chuck but that's using Common Sense The words Trump & Common Sense have never collided in the same sentence Trump arrogance
How come you didn't say LEGAL immigrants, Senator? Are you advocating for open borders and no deportations of illegals?
