You're a sick man. I hope prison rehabilitates your mind. Finding Jesus can be easier on a jailhouse floor. Pray for redemption.
SMASH THE ELECTORAL COLLEGE.  #AbolishTheElectoralCollege  It's racist and is not democracy.
What would you do Sir?

Ditto

The children you rape with our taxpayer $, suffered, and will suffer the rest of their lives. You are a devil and need cast out.
Your tweet is a last ditch effort to appear trustworthy. Give it up. All you do is lie.
Don't talk about Puerto Rico..talk about many counts of graft and corruption you are on trial for
Like he needs to hear that from a no-talent, short, fat, dork like you.
cant wait for you to be put behind bars !
Boy Bob sure did help out flying above PR in helicopter. Dumber than mud.
You should take the money that you stole and donate it and we know about the trucks sitting there full of supplies.
Sorry piece of carp. Will not be writing to you in prison!
What a piece of lying  you are Menendez. Cruz & Dems sabotaging their own people for political gains. https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=1&v=5Uc1pPsKt_s … @true_pundit
Time for JUSTICE!!!
Justice matters.
Speaking from court?
Nice try! Focus on preparing for your corruption trial?
Hmmm...I think you are upset this storm interrupted you using Puerto Rican escorts... #justahunch
When the Marines were encircled by communist troops the 65th rushed to their defense. the Marines were able to return safely to their ships.
You Kno how to steal from the people while rapping little migrant girls
AGREED

It's so sad that you represent my state. Just go away
Donate some of the money you stole #pedo!

Let me guess, you bribed the main stream media to cover up your corruption trial.  #DrainTheSwamp
Isn't it time for lights out on the cell block?  How's your corruption trial going?
"Grow up" is a interesting choice of words for a Senator on trial accused of having sex with underage children. How about YOU grow up.
were you on vacation during Harvey and Irma ??..more support and less bad mouthing would be in order..not expected though
Hey Bob, care to comment on your corruption trial?

How do you call yourself a Senator?!!!
he doesn't care
The voters of PR spent all their money. There must be consequences. And some aid.



Taxpayers have to clean up the mess from corrupt bankrupt PR - Of course you know about that senator
You soon won't get a vote either. They tell you what to do in prison
I'm sure you'll accept their money too.  Oh, wait, it can't go on your prison account.
You won't be voting when that felony conviction  comes down.
#MAGA
Why doesnt Bob do a good deed before hes locked up & donate his ill gotten money to PR. Instead of criticizing POTUS.
Why don't you take the 100 million you stole and donate it ???



Time for you to go to jail!
How's your trial going Senator? You know how you Democrats steal while you are supposed to be serving Americans!
kind of like trump and his taxes haha
He is helping PR
Enjoy your 15 years in prison.
Instead of just constantly complaining, why don't you get off your butt and actual do something yourself. Worse than an armchair QUARTERBACK
Aren't you in prison yet
Time to make Puerto Rico the 51st State. #PuetoRico51

Arent you in jail yet?
The clean man talks!
You are a disgrace Bob
Bob the democrat 18  counts of bribery you have no right to judge or criticize anyone especially our president tick tock your time is up
he sure does  Nothing he is accused of doing can hold a candle to that pos you call your president.  Not mine that's for sure.  and please stay out of NJ, when Kim comes for you I don't want you anywhere near NJ.  Go to an island surrounded by water haha
What are you doing except spreading hate and discontent. That's all you Demoturds have left. You have nothing else.
Guess what they are all moving to the mainland. GOP is in trpible
Time to impeach this pendejo¡
You can start by teaching the mayor how FEMA works.

Are you typing from the beach in the Dominican Republic?
Do u think this will sway the jury? Just so all your followers know.

He's unlikely to see your tweet unless you tag him. @realDonaldTrump
You tell the clown to be a united not a devider
Melendez can't tell anyone anything. He's a pedophile facing 16 counts of fraud & public corruption.
Don't you read anything?
If it was True he would be president
Senator.
Please find out why there is no gasoline getting to the southern part of the island????
Guayama, Arroyo, etc.
Maybe it's PAST time that they get some. See what you can do!
Time to make Puerto Rico a state. It has more citizens than so many existing states.
Aren’t you in prison yet??? You WILL BE real soon Bobby boy....#CrookedBob
and then fat boy can put himself in that seat.  is that what you want?  another year of that pos christie?  maybe he can vote to raise our taxes.
You are such a small person, you can not even tweet your deceitful comments directly to him or those you accuse falsely of wrong doing.
$$ sent, military working there, ships sent with food, making personal trip..what did u personally do for puerto rico menendez?? Shame on u
Puerto Rico's government is known for corruption. Let its infrastructure go to hell for years.Lay off the Prez.
To everyone.
Why is there no gasoline getting to the southern part of the island??
Guayama, Arroyo, etc.
People are desperate.
Why don't you ask your criminal eye doctor to use his private jet to fly aid to the island.
#NotMyPresident
Our President HAS done something
The senator is to busy to read all this..
Maybe we need to shit or get off the pot with Puerto Rico. Either start statehood proceedings or at least turn them loose to get foreign aid
thank you

as it stands they get the shit end of the stick, caught between a rock & a hard place

#PuertoRicoReliefNOW
They don't deserve this. Also stump stiffed Puerto Rico for 33 million which means half their debt is b/c of him
You need to just #gotobed
Tell him they do and he won overwhelmingly.
Have U any @Googleorg / @JigsawTeam contacts to map #trucker routes #PuertoRicoReliefNOW also #trucking past previous deliveries works too NJ CDL drivers need transpo (UPDATED) https://cdllife.com/2017/want-help-puerto-rico-heres/ …
 got aircraft?
(And they should get electoral college votes)
Get this from the "Democratic Talking Points" email?
Gets this from dumb trumpanzee reply bots.
This a matter of humanity NOT politics!!! #WeAreThePeople #UnitedWeStand #LeadByExample

Senator: Why don't you tag @realDonaldTrump in these tweets? "Mr. President" doesn't cut it.
This lousy ass hat senator is going to prison but advises @POTUS? 
That rich lolololol
Hey @realDonaldTrump stop golfing and start being President
You DO realize optics of a POTUS playing golf after a natural disaster occurs is poor, REGARDLESS of WHO does it? #PuttingWhileRomeBurns
and that makes him different then that pos in the WH now?  Yes you @realDonaldTrump   and stay out of NJ we don't want you and your clan here.  When Kim takes you out I want you far away from NJ
WHY are you-Democrats lying about the facts? Help has been arriving in PuertoRico for over a week or more. People are on ground helping
As if you ever did ANYTHING when it didn't benefit you or a Buddy! Back to court, criminal!
Maybe its time for them to have those Electoral College votes.
Hopefully you will vote for TAX REFORM...Will Schumer let you? Hope so/Party first! Party on! Just like POTUS you have a job to do so do it!
This is such an important time in OUR country. Valley of Decision. Party first? Opportunity with this AGENDA! Too many yrs of Lobbyist 2 fix
Please spare the theatrics/Your thoughts should be on PASSING AGENDA/if you were a stable leader/Three branches are divided/EARN YOUR KEEP$!
You done with your photo op?  Oh yeah —corruption charge thingy?  Otherwise I am sure you would have rolled up sleeves and helped.
Sorry for asking, but is trump absolute final word? where are we with everything? Im in CA but wld like to know
Like what Bob? Like what? Please be specific!
When are you go there to help, or are you tied up in court still?
