Why don't we want secure borders?
Bush tried and failed to build a "fence" at the border.  What was built didn't make us safer.
40% of illegals arrive by air and over stay their legal visas when faced with a broken immigration system.
And 60% come in how? Granted all forms need to be fixed.
The 40% is just air arrivals that over stay legal visas. Illegal border crossing from Mexico have fallen steadily since 2000.
We need the wall! Its already proven that it will save us billions that illegals drain from our economy!
Plus cut way down on drugs & the grief caused by human trafficking...
We need the wall! Its already proven that it will save us billions that illegals drain from our economy!
Walls work. They'll be a nice big wall where you're going. Can't wait for September 6 and your upcoming incarceration. #LockHimUp
Will you maybe pay for it from your bribery money? That would be a nice thing to do before you get convicted.
Americans should pay for illegals welfare and schooling . We have laws . We get to say who comes in and it's not unskilled votes 4 u crook
The wall will save us a fortune in supporting illegal aliens, educating their children, paying for their medical bills, & incarcerating them
amen. Finally someone with some Stones.
We want the wall and I'm in your state!!
Oh - you're a bot. My bad
<robot voice> Yes, I am a Russian bot. You caught me.
Senator, were you elected by American taxpayers or ppl here illegally? Not a rhetorical question.
✓ Mexicans won't pay for Trump's border wall 
✓ Americans shouldn't pay for Trump's border wall

 You could say many sides won't pay for it.
Maybe the restitution after your conviction for corruption will be a down payment?
Aren't you going to Jail soon?  I heard you were denied reprieve. 
Once again u r just trashing- & no facts or reason 2 what u r saying! Give a reason y u don't want a wall!?
Because it's a ridiculous waste of money
Shut up and sit down Bob.
When's your court date again?
September 6th. It can't get here soon enough. #LockHimUp
If you would like some recipes for top ramen just ask its all i can aford and all you can get in prison
I hope you're that clever in prison. You may be able to avoid that unfortunate situation when you drop the soap. #YoureGuilty #LockHimUp
go to jail
The trolls and bots are out in force!
Rich coming from a soon to be Felon!
Americans WANT to pay for the wall!
 
#fool
America taxpayers SHOULD NOT pay for 113 Billion each year to support illegals that are criminals breaking the law
The wall 1 time pay 21B

Guess what I got clients that R builders in NJ  & r ready 2 volunteer 2 build a wall! I lock my doors @ night so do u. Do u want ilea-gels?
You lock your doors in NEW JERSEY, because of the lack of a wall along Mexico? I lock mine because of the criminals born & raised in NJ 
The only Wall I want to see is the wall between Church & State.  #ImpeachTrump He is a Nazi.
Yes thought that was a given!? All the rules have changed.
You're a commie.
I'd rather my tax dollars go to build the wall than going 2 illegals We need a secure southern border An impenetrable wall is a good start
you'll pay for it.....by becoming a felon....you embarrass New Jersey with your corruption
Bobby - How 'bout we get your whores to chip in???
Hey menendez......guarantee ya the wall goes up

Many, many sides...
Many many sides!
That's because there are very fine people on both sides
You could say there are "fine" people on both sides of the wall that won't pay for it!
Excellent! I'm with you, many sides won't pay indeed!
Senator Bob Menendez might be paying for the border wall after his trial  !
That's right... Trump is breaking his Word. he said Mexico will pay for the wall.. The Mexican Government said not paying for f***ing wall
Expect more immigration rhetoric from @POTUS. It's his go to yick yack when he faces scrutiny #BlameImmigrants
Aren't you about to go to jail for bribery?
You're not in jail yet?
You are Under @FBI investigation & #unmasked #BuildTheWall or #ShutDown #Russiagate ? NSA Thinktank says #InsideJob
You need to be preparing for jury selection for your fraud trial
Thank God you're headed to prison and won't have any say in it.
Sir, the wall is simply to help enforce the law. Mexicans entering LEGALLY are WELCOME...Love them! Glad to help pay for it!

mexican here: tax 40% the illegals sending money to Mexico through WesternUnion and that wall is gonna get paid real soon. #BuildTheWall
Oh, by the way, a Democrat senator's on trial for corruption. Apparently not newsworthy. And no calls for his...
Please raise your right hand....
Americans shouldn't have to pay for Illegal Aliens either! #BuildTheWall
How is the trial going there Bob? Your buddy squeal on you yet? He will. Just wait and see.
You Dems should be worried about Court dates and Walls you will be behind. @DWStweets
It won;t matter to you when your behind bars for your stealing & lying about it!
All the free things you get off of our tax dollars now , should stop & go directly for the American Wall
It's the American border wall I will donate
What &  you won't pay for yr crimes?  #IsThatHowDemsDoIt? #MenendezTrial starts now! Why are you still in Senate @CBSThisMorning  @CBSNews
Isn't it odd that all Mexican Mayors , Police Chiefs , etc are all pro imigration..biased maybe hyh ?
Don't worry about it,  you'll be in jail
By the way senator Menendez it's MR. PRESIDENT  to you , where's your respect?
Charge $1.00 each way in and out for everyone crossing legally at 250k folks per day x 2 ? There's a start.
Only two sides of a wall. Sounds like we got us no wall. Next.
Exactly
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow
Fine, I'll pay for the stupid border wall.
Nice burn! 
Let him shut it down! #Resist
But Mexico will...just like they did for their southern border!!
I hope ur term us up so we can get someone else. Are u going to fix the voter polls.
Okay u can pay for them and they can take ur job. They might try birth control. No one said they were bad ppl. We can't support them stop it
There are a lot of Americans that would donate money to build the wall. What president said was true.your breaking the law senator menendrz
You better not vote for it!
Bob, when will the Republicans step up. This man is insane, how long can they cover their eyes and ears?
Get to work figure it out !!!
Best Tweet of the day! #NoWall #ImpeachTrump
We shouldn't pay for the wall. I guess you like having illegal immigrants killing innocent women and trafficking drugs into the USA
It's not like Mexico is going to write a check for it - but there are options where they will pay
Many sides will not vote for you in 2018.
Build that wall!!
#whowillresignnext  Trump has lost his mind.  Let's keep him out of NJ.
NJ is a lost cause anyway..too many Kool Aid drinkers there .
Good people on both sides....many sides....very good people
"...some of them are 'good people'..."
✓ You'll be in federal prison soon
Why shouldn't they? It's illegals from MEXICO
Then you pay for it, bloody Moe Foe!
Trump is a sick puppy. He needs good insurance to cover his mental health bill.
How would you know that..dems are Reprobates..without sound logic .
I'll donate 
You have bigger things to worry about.
Who cares if Americans pay for it ??  We are already paying for it !!
He said he'll shut down the government if he doesn't get the funding for the wall! Will he really do that?
LMMFAO.
He can do what ever he wants through executive order.
How's jury selection going Bob?
If we got to pay we will we don't need open borders so Mr senator if u don't like it u can resign and when we start to build the wall
When does the trial start Bob?
shouldn't you be helping your lawyers for your corruption trial. i mean, you are even too corrupt for frickin New Jersey
No worries, 45 will shut down the government for his fake wall.
I'm a little lost. What is 45??
Aren't you in prison yet? Bet there will be walls there!
Maybe… @realDonaldTrump will pay it himself? Ha...
