That is not what @Potus said. Perpetuating lies and hate for our president in an effort to divide this country is the democrats goal?
Don't worry, this corrupt Democrat Senator will be in jail soon enough. His trial starts Sept. 6.
Wait, your saying that a democrat Senator will be on trial for corruption? Didn't see it on @CNN 
Who am I kidding? I don't watch #Fakenews
They have a right to assemble.   And you're a senator ????
A corrupt NJ Senator, who goes on trial on Sept. 6, refuses to call #Barcelona jihadist attacks "radical Islamic terrorism." Just sickening.
Absolutely disgusting & unbecoming of an American pres. 45's not worthy of the title & can't handle the office.
Stop lying Bob, hey remember all those trips to the airport with your 'girlfriend' in the back seat - many know about what you were doing
Senator, 
Our government MUST rid itself of this abomination as soon as humanly possible. It cannot be allowed to continue
I agree. Crooked @SenatorMenendez needs to go. His corruption trial starts Sept. 6. Hopefully, justice will be served.
Provided he's guilty.
He's guilty. His convicted co-defendant is about to turn states on him.
Ok, we'll see how it turns out.
We need massive peaceful protests demanding impeachment every weekend.  He obstructed justice, clear as day
COMMUNIST!
TrumpBot!!!
And what are YOU going to do about it?? This is not what I want to represent my country! As a senator what are we doing??
We need more from you on this......stand up and scream for the true americans who disagree with trump
No, he didn't
I watched it too,but I didn't hear him say that,I heard him say that not all the folks there to protest the removal were supremacists
Words mean nothing ! Actions speak louder! Do something #25ththe45th
Only thing @SenatorMenendez is doing right now is trying to remain out of jail. His co-defendant is about to sing.
Are you still out on bail or did you sweet talk the judge to throw out charges?
It's horrifying, grotesque. He's willfully dividing the nation. Congress must work together to impeach/25th amend. He's a danger to us all.
And you are no different with your bullying and lies. The President supports free speech for all whether you agree or not with their opinion
In your world, there is no "free speech, no 1st amendment rights.  You're a tyrant.
Don't worry, they'll be no "free speech/assembly" rights for @SenatorMenendez in a month or so when he gets convicted on bribery charges.
be careful when denouncing democrats base they live in your district
Condemn the violence of the left, or you're actively making the alt right stronger.
gee i heard him blame both sides, exactly as he should. stop inventing based on ur own agenda & bigotry.
To advance your political career you have severely damaged the cause for freedom and democracy. You tolerate Democrats/hard-core leftists.
Step in and stop this. Our country is becoming unstable by a man not fit to be president. @CoryBooker
The only thing @SenatorMenendez should be worried about is walking into wrong shower at wrong time after he's convicted on bribery charges.
Yes. #impeach #25thAmendment
You're just pissed cause he called antifa and blm, just another democrat degending socialist anarchists.
Does the United States constitution defend white supremacist please tell me Senator?
Don't you have bigger things to worry about? Like CONVICTED co-defendant turning States on you? #YoureGoingToJail
He is just as vile as the hate groups he refused to directly denounce. His daughter is Jewish, how can he NOT react to anti-Semitic chants?
Trump blamed both. Dems of past created KKK. Dems of today AntiFa. Both fascists. Both deserve prosecution. Own your hate!
Dems of today are not Antifa #alternativefacts
It is their right. Yes? Also that is NOT what he did.
Thank you for standing up for what is right and calling out the sickening words of a horrible human being.
ur voters need to know you get big bucks from this group.
Why are you defending violent anarchists and Castro-loving communists who dominate all these "protests"? Silence is consent. @POTUS is right
#InvokeThe25th
This fake President and his entire Administration is sickening. ANY member of Congress not publically and directly calling him out is also.
It's sickening that democrats support violence against those whose opinions they don't like.
Antifa and BLM were behind violence!
Thank you Senator Menendez for calling out the president by name& denouncing what he said & did this weekend. Thank you. #ImpeachTrump
Words....actions please...

Absolutely!
Shame on you for lying to Americans. #BothSides are to blame is correct
Evidently all of you are still sore losers from the election – at Mitten's Buckhorn Family Restaurant
@SenateDems #ImpeachTrump as soon as you can. He's unfit to lead.
DO SOMETHING
The prez is sick. And he must be removed from power
Words no more. Stand up to pure evil. Demand Trump go. Otherwise it's a tepid, pc DC talk&you all are appeasers
You must speak out that HE MUST GO!!
So... Time for that 25th amendment. We're ready when you are.

He must be impeached.  He endangered US citizens today by emboldening domestic terror hate groups. #ImpeachTrump
Absolutely.  An unbelievably performance today.
The Senate and the House of Representatives should hold a vote to impeach this clown now for Incompetents and Russia gate!
Yes, sickening.  Something must be done before he ruins our country before it takes the rest of our lives to fix the problems so far.
Ya are sick he said all he needed to.Obama didnt say anything about people that destroyed  business and everything else thanks to Obama.
Proof?! Where did he say that liar! Denounce Antifa or you are irrelevant.
Do something! I voted for you.
#whowillresignnext. Hudson County people tell it like it is!  Trump is sickening
We thank you for continuing to ensure - both privately working hard behind the scenes and loudly in public - that Bannon must indeed go now!
You're the one that is sickening.  I listened to every word and you are twisting what he said.  Shame on you!!!!!!
If you take down or destroy everything representing historical times that offends someone you will wipe out all references to history!
Why don't you stop this by defending all history and stopping the destruction of historical items. all parts of history will offend someone!
Enough words, please do your job and I pray @realDonaldTrump
And hordes of screaming, bat wielding leftists.
Thank you Senator 4 voicing what the majority of decent ppl think. I would appreciate hearing it from the other 99 Senators but mostly GOP!
I got a brilliant idea how about The politicians start saying THERES ONLY 1 RACE THATS THE HUMAN RACE!!
FALSE
WOW TAKE EASY PEOPLE
What's your thought on what happened at UC Berkley?  Conservatives have been getting shut down constantly.
Delusional if you think that. Vile as it was, they had constitutional right to have the rally. Shame on the fascists who shut it down.
Then do something. We are all outraged. You all were elected to serve so do something ANYTHING
Just when I thought Trump couldn't get worse
And white supremacists and klansmen are getting braver at coming out
Yep.
Then DO something about it! Our country is about 2 enter a civil war and if Congress doesn't step up & impeach him, you will all be 2 blame.
Senator, trump must go now!
Yet republicans continue to defend him and nobody seems to care bout that either
No. It is you who is sickening.
Are you tweeting from prison?
Yes, get him OUT!
You are NOT POWERLESS Senator Menendez- #InvokeThe25th   - You are elected to Defend the Constitution which is in SERIOUS danger!
Right so when are you and the rest of the #democrats going to get your acts together & draft the Articles of Impeachment? Enough!
Do something about it. The man is unfit for office. I don't feel safe with him leading this country. Can't imagine how minorities feel.

He was the great divider
Obama invited BLM. TO THE WHITEHOUSE
complete Liar.
He's not a very smart man
Will you push for impeachment, or the imposition of the 25th Amendment? What will you do to stop this? How much more must we endure?
IMPEACH HIM. GET HIM OUT.
This is obviously OK with you @gop hypocrites @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @SenateGOP Talk is cheap, do the right thing for a change
What are you willing to do about it, Senator, and how soon? Immediately is the only respectable answer, which we trust you to know.
NO HE DID NOT!!!  STOP LYING!!!
What part of what he said did you not hear??? Are you deaf or just dumb???
Pls help us impeach 45. What must we do 2 have him removed. He is unfit, a racist, & antisemitic. Help us remove him.
has your freedom of speech definition been changing Bob? These nazis are shitbags but are still protected by the US constitution
That's not what he said. Stop trying to divide and lie.
What did you expect.....his family is from Germany
Conservatives are not white supremacist! What you are leading to is a new civil war. You communist!
Do something about it!!!

Don't call him President anymore. Call him 45. Trump is no president, he is an embarrassment. He is not worthy of the name President.
We need Republicans with backbones to speak up against this President. I hear a few tiny voices in the wilderness
He said they were "very fine people." Demand his resignation.
What's sickening is the people that actually started the violence being completely overlooked.
STRONGER WORDS Bob. #trump is a domestic enemy.
This is frightening!
Be a man, censor him. Act! Be more than sickened! What are you doing about it?
and?  What are you and your colleagues going to do about it?
D or R, get off your asses and do something! Save this country...now!!!
When do you go in trial for your corruption?
That is total horsesh*t, I don't even have to hear what he said to know that you are making facts up and denying the truth of what he said.
So what in your words did Trump just say?
Somethin about green-eyed monsters turning into purple haze b/c their real masters are African satanists who eat little children 4 breakfast
So take him out. Get behind Americans and stop anything he wants to do. God what does it take.
Please support impeachment!
Defending those who were within the LAW from those who were not and only came to riot.
The ones attending the Alt-Right event were legally permitted to assemble. Those who came to riot were not. Just that simple.
Very dangerous
no he didn't
Thank you for standing up and against this hatred! Please continue

Tell us what we have to do to empower u Senator. We will do it. This cannot be sustained by civil society.
I think @SenatorMenendez is always open to bribes. Ask his convicted co-defendant that is ready to sing on him on September 6. #lockhimup
IMPEACHMENT SIR! IT IS THE ONLY ANSWER! CALL IMMEDIATELY TO IMPEACH
@SenateDems #ImpeachTrumpNow
And sickening that he will stay in office unless our elected officials do more than tweet and disapprove. Do whatever you can to get him out
My heart hurts. I'm sick.
It's sickening to me that as a US Senator YOU don't understand one of America's basic rights - freedom of speech/expression. #INTOLERANT
This guy is going to jail ahaha bro how can you tweet about trump you're in court in a few weeks

#ImpeachTrumpPenceNow
Time to act!  Get him out!
Please relax..... life is not ending.
No he didn't u foil
@SpeakerRyan ENOUGH!!! #25thamendment
IMPEACH HIM THEN.  25 for the 45th!
Help us to get rid of him..
As your constituent, THANK YOU for condemning the intolerable vitriol of this fraud POTUS.
How much longer is this going to go on?!! Enough. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Dems need to stand up and act.  This Nazi needs to be removed from office immedietely.
Take the word Nazi and replace it to corrupt senior Senator from New Jersey and I agree with you. @SenatorMenendez's trial begins Sept. 6.
Remove this unfit ignorant psychopath NOW.
He is a sick man that's destroying our country. #defendDACA #ImpeachTrump
- there are no good neo nazis or white supremists.
What is Congress going to do about this?
I voted for Trump in 2016 and will do so again in 2020. #neverdemocrat
This is his end right? Or are we due for more of this back and forth stupid circus.
Impeach NOW!!!!
This is why i will not be voting for you. You are out of touch,  he did NOT defend the hate groups. Stop lumping everyone together.
Don't think so.
Well, until the house and senate start seriously discussing his impeachment, we're stuck with this crazy.  DO SOMETHING.
My wife and I are Hispanic she is black and I am white we have 3 kids. I am afraid for myself my family and the country. Help!
Are you frickin kidding me?
DO SOMETHING- start filing articles of impeachment. You can't tell me the @GOP and @SpeakerRyan is okay with this and David Duke's tweet
He is a raving narcissist and a despicable human being.
Remove him from office bedore this great nation is torn.
Yes, it us. Call for independent psych eval. It straight up removal. #25thamendment
Dont worry #pedobob you'll be in jail soon
#MenendezForPrison2017
Time to Impeach. He is tearing the country apart. He want to destroy Democracy. Act now or own everything he does Senator.
Destroy democracy? What makes you say that
