@SenSchumer @njdotcom ILLEGAL IS ILLEGAL! How about you pay his taxes so We The People don't have to. stop leaching from us
Also he pays taxes daily, every time he purchases taxable items. Enjoy that loss of income
So people very concerned about a dishwasher's taxes but not the unpaid taxes of a billionaire?
You can't Read??TAXPAYNG Grandfather
there's sales tax. And there's income tax. Different taxes different uses.
Long time ago the states give the illegals a tax ID to pay taxes a letter Pp don't know
not when he started. Says he worked under the table. That means illegally
He survived working hard like your grandparents their kids are Senators,Doctors,police Off.Vets
. I have no compassion for those who intentionally break the law.  Our elected officials shouldn't protect them
So let's lock'em up.
Trump
Sessions
Flynn
Bannon
+ plenty more
Dear Carolyn, it is aimed at an audience with below average reading capacity. Trump voters.

@SenSchumer @njdotcom     And pretty damn sure he won't be.  Quit twisting the EO.
Sorry, but your assumption is incorrect.
You have your beliefs. I have mine. Get past the hatred you have for Trump and let him do his job.
Beliefs are not facts. The FACT is that people who are not criminals are being deported.
Just out of curiosity, where did you get these facts ?? Relatives? Friend of a friend? It is truly hard to believe any of MSM
@royalviking04 @njdotcom Instead of retweeting, why don't you tweet what impact deportations have on local economies?
Awesome impact!  I know a lot of brothers in construction praying for mass deportaion
And do you think there's going to be a mad rush of Americans applying for those jobs? Surely you jest.
Yes those jobs paid from 45 to 90,000 prior to the wages being driven down by illegals and shady contractors.
@charlenemccune @njdotcom This IS the Bad Hombres
Why put a spotlight on this man. He's not on the concern of ppl. Trump said after deporting criminals he would decide how to resolve others.
If he entered illegally how did he get social security card to pay taxes?
exactly what Im wondering and how did an employer hire him legally w/out a social#?
There should be a ...wait for it... "grandfather clause" in the deportation legislation!!!
@SenSchumer move him on out
@SenSchumer @njdotcom Hmm, so he's been breaking federal law for the last 25 years, yet you claim no records. Deport
@SenSchumer @njdotcom Sir, if you do not turn him in to ICE, you aid and abet his crime. That makes you a Criminal. Resign.
Sound like aiding and abetting, but I guess laws are for #wethepeople not senators
how about this: every deported taxpayer Trump kicksout he has to pay back there money out of his own pocket.
He should have to pay for the law being enforced?
Why is everyone screaming about @realDonaldTrump breaking the law when we get to pick what laws we like
Is he legal or illegal?
@William61634703 deport all people here illegally otherwise you are harboring fugitives and YOU should be arrested!
@SenSchumer 
I keep wondering how a senator who has sworn to uphold the Constitution doesn't understand what ILLEGAL means.
@SenSchumer @njdotcom So much hate coming out the shadows. Heartless monsters.
REPUBLICANS not  rioting, attacking people physically for who they voted for, talking about blowing up White House WAKE UP
@SenSchumer @njdotcom he had 25 years to become a citizen legally. And of story
im with you @kevindandy1
@SenSchumer @njdotcom stop blowing smoke up eveybody but no grandpa will be deported but the criminals should be
IF THEY ARE ILLEGALS, DEPORT EVERY ONE OF THEM, PERIOD !!!
@catcall1 guess what. He is here illegally and for long time held job that other American could have.
How do you hop the border then buy a house though?
"she spoke english and he spoke spanish" seriously?! 25 years! Ya he loves America send him BACK!
please read the article and see how long this illegal activity was allowed to go on even under the previous administration.
Btw, I think you guys are using this family for your own political agenda. Double shame.
@realDonaldTrump 
Trump us referring to violent illegals roaming the streets. 
Stop twisting things.
after 25 years there is no excuse why this man did not become a US citizen. Don't blame Trump, blame this man!
The Obama administration ordered Guerrero deported in 2011 but stayed its hand
Sorry Senator, breaking our laws does not mean that you jump in front of those that have followed the law. @SenatorMenendez @benshapiro
There should be a way for people like him to become citizens.
@Rosie @njdotcom immigrants pay taxes, trump does not. Let that sink in. #SupeanaTrumpsTaxes
@fdhbstephanie @njdotcom what a waste of resources. Leave him be.
No he should not!
@mtfhayes @njdotcom @allinwithchris Grandpa should not be deported @amjoyshow @TheLastWord @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP
@Rosie @njdotcom aw, bull.
No. He should not
@Rosie @njdotcom Did you send this out when Obama was deporting illegals? #hypocrisy
@Rosie @njdotcom any one who goes to the USA without being documented IS A DAMM CRIMINAL
.@SenatorMenendez @Rosie @njdotcom I'd like if they're  really no issues that he b legalized.
@Rosie @njdotcom you are so right!
the last I checked the bill of sales for America and other countries belongs to god he put us here to coexist
the heartlessness of the American spirit many of our ancestors regardless of race was originally here illegally
@SenSchumer @njdotcom Legal immigration illegal  Dems could change law
He had 25 years to become a citizen and chose not to.  I'd say goodbye to him.
of course not
Murderers, rapists, and a slew of slugs live in this country. Here is someone with no record. Sure, toss him, not them.
@GirlReporterNJT @njdotcom  I'd take Mr Guerrero any day over Trump, Pence, Ryan, Sessions, Conway and Bannon.
He should be able 2 stay in the USA with his grandchildren he is no a criminal but Donald Trump is a criminal send T 2 ISIS
I've been here for over 33 years, LEGALLY
love uncle-grandpa ... we all know someone like him& ADORE HIM
How stupid. Every one of the retweets can be done by someone in Russia, China, Brazil.
What part of the term Illegal Alien do you not understand. We are either a Nation of Laws or not
So what's his excuse for being here so long and not becoming American? Laziness?
@NJ_Opinion how many of these heartbreaking stories will we continue to see? We are monsters if we allow.
leave hood folks aline
AS Your Constituent..with all due respect..we ALL had 'GRANDPAS' some of whom were turned away + died..LAWS!
@sarahksilverman Liar. He has a criminal record of being an illegal alien and taking benefits he wasn't entitled to.
@SenSchumer @njdotcom he started his life here breaking the law. Looks like he got a 25 year freebie. Time to pay up.
we should deport the wealthy when they break laws
Trump should be deported as his grandfather was. Then we need to fumigate the white house of all the rodents he brought in with him.
keyword "could" not "will"
Justice would be deporting 25 Trump supporters in his place.
if laws were upheld from the beginning and gov did it's job he shouldn't have been allowed to stay 25 yrs!
Sad that a senator is encouraging breaking the law! Shame on you! Rules are Rules! Laws are laws!
he is a criminal trespasser. That is a crime
Maybe he should have jumped through the hoops to become a legal citizen. I say......BYE!!!
He has had 25 years....to become a citizen..to get sponsored, prove he was gainfully employed.  25 years & he didn't do it.
king D doesn't agree
he's ILLEGAL.  WHAT PART OF THAT DO YOU LIBS NOT UNDERSTAND?
Melania worked illegally "No work Visa" in 1996.Lets deport her NOW so we do this all fairly!
To be clear, President Trump did not specifically call this man a "bad hombre", correct?
oh you really got my emtions going. hahaha jesus try some new tactics. #pathetic
@SarahKSilverman @njdotcom 25 years and still doesn't speak English? No effort to assimilate or to give back to our country
What kind of people are these ICE agents disgusting
Give him better way to get legal citizenship. Work on a real #immigration plan that is safe and fair. America will supportt
@SarahKSilverman @njdotcom was he here illegally?
@SenSchumer @njdotcom  He committed a crime....period!
if he's here leagal he won't be but if not he will be and if he's not here leagal he's not paying taxes
@SenSchumer @njdotcom deport if not legal!
no he needs to go- he had 25 years to get it right. Tells tou he didnt want to
If he is here ILLEGALLY he is a criminal PERIOD Look up the word illegal Stupid is as stupid does The shoe fits u
@SenSchumer @njdotcom Great job running jersey.  No state has a higher number of ppl leaving.
All the bad hombres are criminals, and all Muslims are tolerant and all European women are sluts #Purity
you better hope you don't get twitter. Inner by examples of the thousands of illegals who have raped /killed
@SenSchumer @njdotcom He is here illegally.  If you aren't aware it's against the law..  
@SenSchumer @njdotcom make him a citizen.
Nope...how about we arrest all Senators who think the immigration laws they passed should not be enforced instead?
How abt employer who exploited him (& others like him) for cheap labor, more profit, lower prices for customers?
he is a law breaker. as were all u in US CONGRESS in standing rock, what current US LAW do u like @USFedGovt
Lots of bad laws that we, the people, decided to change. Interracial marriage illegal until 1967.
until u change it it is law, break it you pay the penalty,  standing rock , US FEDS  broke many laws,
Sorry, he's here illegally. The law is the law. You know, the written words you ignore when it suits you.
25 years? He should be deported. He is illegal..end of story.
@SarahKSilverman @njdotcom fixed it
we are complicit we want cheap labor, cheap goods so we turn a blind eye & don't advocate 2 reform broken system
He should proceed with the proper steps of becoming a citizen
@joanwalsh @njdotcom Trump lied when he said that only criminals & bad hombres would be deported. Nobody calls him on this?
@SenSchumer @njdotcom Bob you and the rest of your low life dem leadership should be deported!!!
Don't piecemeal us.  Pass Comprehensive Immigration Reform. NOW!
@SarahKSilverman Why should he be allowed to stay when others apply through proper channels and wait?
Government can't be run this way. That is why we have a republic with elected leaders. Unfortunately Republicans don't care
when did so many Americans become heartless and vicious? Most claim to be good Christians but are not at all
DEPORT HIM! Whats next, people can rob banks? Look the other way. Live him alone, he didn't shoot anyone in the robbery.
@SarahKSilverman  All those deported by Obama can lay an egg!
Is that part of LWdems entitlement? U get to choose which laws must be abided by? So can people choose to DUI & its ok too?
@SarahKSilverman I want on this train. Forgiveness for all crimes as long as your a grandpa and it's been 25 years. I'm in!
@SenSchumer @njdotcom if he is illegal...yes
@SarahKSilverman I love this! Commit crimes with no criminal record 25 years ago get some grandkids and be free??? Yes!!!
@SenSchumer @njdotcom Is he here illegally?? Then he's a criminal. Bye bye.
Has he lived here LEGALLY for 25 years? If NOT then he DOES have a criminal record. Right?? "Illegal" immigrant. No?
@SarahKSilverman Please also stand w/ me. I use to rob people 25 years ago w/ no record. Retweet for no prosecution! Thanx
@SenSchumer @njdotcom do you not know the meaning of ILLEGAL? SO WE THAT COMMIT A CRIME GET A PASS THAT ARE CITIZENS?
Of course he should be deported...can I see your papers please?
@SarahKSilverman @njdotcom If he's paying taxes, how did he get a #SocialSecurityNumber #Criminal No English after 25yrs? 
OUT! Get in line in get in legally. PERIOD! #MAGA #LiberalTerrorism #AmericaFirst #TRUMP #SwampPeople
Cry me a river story again! Illegals must go!
yes he should. We are a country if laws. Enough cry me a river story.
How about american grandpa's?
I'm sure if he was enslaved and brought here forcefully he would not be "illegal".
@SarahKSilverman Maybe he shouldn't be targeted, but if he gets caught, he's here illegally and will face consequences.
ICE need some heat from above to ensure they don't continue to behaive like NAZI's run amok
please prevent kids being separated from PARENTS.
Nor the guy in Calif who was taken out of his car while driving his daughter to school
paid more into our great nation's tax system than Trump.
@SarahKSilverman Had 25 years to become legal.
He broke the law. No more sympathy. He knew what he was doing.
@SarahKSilverman Really? How did he support himself? Working illegally, or on welfare?
@SarahKSilverman @njdotcom tramp destroying lives of good hardworking people. Should be ashamed.
no she should be shackled and sent away.what the hell do we have laws for?
@SappPDXapE @njdotcom  He is an illegal alien and should be deported! If I broke the law I would not be excused! Deport
He filled out the wrong forms when he attempted to right his wrong - total criminal.
Perhaps he should have filled out the forms before crossing the border  and becoming a criminal!
1) If your only concern was the crime of being here illegally to begin, that's fair. He tried to right
@SenSchumer @njdotcom if he's here illegally deport him! Shame on you senator!
Either this is a country of laws or it is not.  Americans voted that it IS by REJECTING HILLARY CLINTON.
@SenatorMenendez @SarahKSilverman
that's funny, I remember that more people voted for her than that train wreck in the office
No record doesn't mean he's innocent. If he's illegal he never payed income tax unless he used fake ID, etc.
@SenSchumer @njdotcom Can u even spell illegal Pandering the Latino votes doesn't work anymore Enforce the Law or Resign
@SarahKSilverman @njdotcom...why has he not exercised his opportunity to register for citizenship. The law is the law!
@JulieAnnLily @njdotcom STOP DEPORTATIONS OF PRISONERS EVERYONE ISN'T GUILTY CORRUPTED JUDICIAL SYSTEM COPS DETECTIVES
@JulieAnnLily @njdotcom STOP ICE RAIDS ARRESTS DEPORTATIONS HURTING KIDS WOMEN DESTROYING FAMILIES LEGALIZE EVERYONE FREE
Our nation would be crippled if all undocumented citizens went on strike. For just one day.
@SenSchumer @njdotcom 

A house/black and white kitten/Sickly with Medical care/Big family. But show up to renew papers???
He has been renewing work permit every time it has been required over the past 15 years.
@SarahKSilverman This guy could have a case, But hey, 25 years and he never thought to apply for Citizenship, disrespectful
25 years and not bothered to become a citizen?
Trump is going after political enemies, not just mere illegals.
Undocumented criminal.
.@SenatorMenendez Surely you know that #ignorance is not a defense! These sob stories that you and @SenSchumer keep posting, won't fly!
BecauseThese2 R VeryLowOnBrainCells! JustListen2themTalk. Hey NO1 N America is FooledByU AmericaCU @SenatorMenendez @SenSchumer
No, Senator, you're WRONG! If you don't like our laws, change them...you are a lawmaker...right?  It's the Executive branch that enforces.
@SarahKSilverman @njdotcom this is his own fault.  I'm sure there was a reason he applied for asylum and not citizenship.
So what can be done to help him stay.  This is clearly a mistake of paper work.
Perhaps in his 25 years he should have applied for citizenship.
@RyanTee82 @njdotcom get him out of here and let him come back legally you cucks
If he's in the US illegally, he's committing a crime. Are you suggesting we selectively enforce laws?
I don't agree, get in line like the rest of the people not looking to be criminals
@SarahKSilverman @njdotcom why In 25yrs has he not obtained citizenship? What social security # is he using? #questions
to pay tax u don't need ssn n many ppl don't have a way to get residency
@SarahKSilverman If you have paid more taxes than Trump you shouldn't be deported.
There are so many good people's lives being ripped apart.
@SarahKSilverman @njdotcom this pulls at the heart, bottom line tho is 25 years to become legal. They should help him w/it.
@SarahKSilverman @njdotcom "retweet if you agree".  What. The
 Fuck.  This is what 2017, brings? Social media whoring????
Shouldn't be deported. But this kind of social media whoring makes me sick. Do ur job
Good point, but Jon Stewart needs to primary you out of office.
He alone gambled with the law! he alone is responsible for breaking the law! he is responsible 4 deportation!
how did he pay taxes without a SS# ?
pbly had work visa that expired and stayed here, continued to pay taxes and live Amer Dream
illegals don't pay fed. And state taxes period. No SS# End of story.
god use google it's called individual tax identification number, no need ssn
@POTUS quickly got away from deporting "bad hombres" to deporting all hombres, even the good ones...such a POS
yes he did he is here illegally
One source of comfort for me is knowing I have 2 great Senators representing my state in DC.
That man deserves to live in this country with his family. He is what America is supposed to be about.
@AndyRichter @njdotcom 
I tend to agree. Why didn't he apply in 25yrs? 
Where should we draw the line?
Senator ,sponser him
I think he shouldn't be deported, & we need to find out why he's not a citizen yet & fix the system.
@SenSchumer @njdotcom The word ILLEGAL comes into play here.  He owes me money.
How can this happen lets go back and investigate Melania working illegally in 1996 without Work Visa.Deport Her !
too late she is a citizen.  See how it works?
too bad this grampa wasn't a trophy wive, instead his a brown man w/o path to papers
No, sir you should be deported with him if you support ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT CRIME! YOU MAKE ME SICK! GET OUT NOW!!
@SenSchumer @njdotcom If you don't come he legally, you gotta go.
