Aren't you in Jail yet? Think you should shut up no one wants your opinion you're a criminal like Killary.
@SenatorMenendez - think U should concentrate on UR legal problems never mind the fact all of this #ClimateChange stuf has been debunked
Bob, no disrespect intended, but, please worry about your court case! You could be going to jail!
If there is a God in Heaven this perverted POS will rot in jail!!
Hypocrite.....  @KcGreuter @SenatorMenendez
Tip of the day for you....take your meds! Might make it easier to get through without being triggered. #TrumpDerangementSyndrome
@FoxNews @MSNBC @CNN  WHY IS no one reporting on his child prostitution, transporting sexual minors, money laundering, corruption trial???
Thanks Senator Almost A. Felon
#HurricaneNate #felon #dnc #MAGA #TRUMP #bubye
It's already snowing in Montana. It must mean we are entering an Ice Age.
Didn't you #lefty #whackadoodles have to change the name from global warming to climate change when you discovered the globe wasnt warming?
Climate is the least of your worries at the moment jailbird
Why don't you just worry about your upcoming jail sentence and let the people with brains worry about so called climate change.
Well said ...
#GeoEnginerring. What are they spraying in our skies. What technologies are being used now, benefiting whom?
Playing dumb isn’t a criminal defense, neither is carrying the liberal playbook of ignorance, fear and intolerance for the sake of power.
And do what exactly? How do we respond? You fail to realize that there isn't much the average American can do to "combat" Global warming.
How do you explain the last 10 years without significant hurricane activity??? One season doesn't mean anything!!!

Why aren’t you in prison?  You have zero credibility.
Given that argument, we’re fine! 

You may now rest assured you will be able to serve out your sentence in comfort!
Man made CO2 makes up 3% of the worlds total. 97% made by the planet. People are onto this Ponzi scheme.
Spring, Summer, Winter, & Fall. That's all there is to it.
Shut up!!! You're going to jail you fraud. NOTHING you say anymore matters. We hate you in NJ & you no longer speak for any of us!
US congress is more dangerous to people. But your ticket out of congress and on your way to jail in on your door steps.
How come there were no major hurricanes in the last 12 years?
When you explain to me how the Great Lakes were formed I'll think about your proposal #climate change  is normal
Shouldn't you be busy packing for prison? #Corruption
U realize this is statistically false when reviewing the timing and intensity of hurricanes when taking into account water temperature?
Is time for you to report jail yet?
Was told this right after Katrina. Take your fear mongering climate religion elsewhere please.
NRA! Stay on message.
You’re a clown. This dude on trial for corruption. You people are really warped
Does that include the last 12 years with very few hurricanes?
Only time for you should be prison time
What about last 10 years?
Are you tweeting from your prison cell?
Your going to be at Folsom's doorstep soon enough
Get back to your corruption trial #NoCredibility

Yea explains the ten years we went without a hurricane making landfall in the big "hurricane state" do some actual research.
Isn't it time to put you in jail
Just exactly what are we acting on? When you find a way to tame mother nature, let us know
Time to act “stupidly” to paraphrase the worst POTUS ever.
Which one of your donors paid you to tweet this? Btw....do you know which prison you're going to get stuck in?
Is this the Dem Senator on trial for embezzlement of millions in taxpayer and sex w/teenage prostitutes? I’m sorry-did you say something?
#ClimateHoax
WHY @realDonaldTrump did the RIGHT thing on pulling out of Paris Accords:  https://www.pscp.tv/w/bAcd1TFQbUVxT2Fhcm9KS298MXlvS01CTVBlTm5HUWYKoH1zhPf6HkeMAXrw6wUvqed5Hmyi_2mN_iKtCOnO …
I'd think you'd be smart enough to lie low, but I guess I'd be wrong about that.
Yep, time to act and get your dishonest, cheating, lying self out of the Senate.
Are you texting from prison?  Have they locked your crooked butt up yet
Time to go to jail bro.
Global warming is a bullshit scam... that is completely about money, power, and control over the masses. You need to go. Time to act...
The climate that's going to change is yours. Worry about that.
It we cause hurricanes, why can’t we stop tornadoes, snow storms, heavy rain etc?
Can you see that from the window of your prison cell?
Prisons are climate controlled in today’s world Bob.... you will be fine #resign
Hmm why wasn't #Nate strong? Guess your theory is all blown to hell like your court case will be.
The guy busted for illegal use of a private jet is lecturing us on climate http://change.Now  that's hilarious.
https://twitter.com/__0hour1_/status/917123228979597312 …
Hey what was all that 'stuff' Harry Reid was spewing about you at your TRIAL? #MAGA
San Quentin has the most lovely views of the bay and ocean.
Can you tweet from federal prison?
Stop tweeting you fraud. Enjoy prison
BS
Lke ur Jail sentence Hope u Do time near ocean
ACT ON WHAT? Fighting Mother Nature?  Signs of the WICKEDNESS in this world and God is WARNING YOU! It has been written and NO ONE LISTENS!
The sky is fallingthe sky is falling Save yourselves!
Hey Bob..The weather in a prison cell is pretty constant. The climate is controlled by a thing called a Thermostat
I would concern yourself with the hot water that you yourself are in.
Were the oceans really cold for the last 16 years & just got warm this year...federal prison is going to be cold
Global Warming is a freaky genocidal doomsday cult and your weird pagan weather god is stupid.
Your record for lying and corruption is still perfect. Congratulations.
what a crook
Wow you now have a degree in climate voodoo!
Police are at your doorstep.
Yes it is to bad trump and some of his stooges don't believe it!
You're on trial for multiple felonies! Why are you still a sitting US Senator?
El Nino ,LA Nina . Bob ,every ten years the storm cycle repeats. If convicted, maybe you will get out of prison in time to see it repeated.
Hey Bob-in case you didn’t know, orange is the new black.
That’s right Bob, go down swinging 
Don’t drop the soap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Do you have any comment regarding the 6 year old girl that was raped by the illegal alien in NJ? Have you contacted the family to assist?
And do what?
Carcel
Disclose your stock investments including the 'green' investments as well as any other organizations dealing with 'climate change', Bob.
Back to your cell chicken little
If you were so worried about climate change you would have been screaming for companies to clean up their acts 20 yrs ago. Why now? Rep Pres
To bad ole man you couldn't keep your hand out of the cookie jar , goodbye
I agree Senator let's start by not taking private jet trips paid for by donors
We react only when we get hit, hurricanes=global warming,Vegas shooting=arm controls,until no time to react North Korea=Nuclear bomb,etc.
someone forgot to tell the earth the last 12 years when there were no major hurricanes.  go directly to jail!
No jail is at your doorstep
You can't change Mother Nature no matter how hard we might try . . .
How are those underage girls ya sleazy crook
How’s your defense going? Corrupt politician
It,s Called El Niño! Your handcuffs are not tight enough!
Agree time for change.
And Sir, what do you think is specifically the major cause of climate change ?
Build giant ice makers.
What will you be able to do behind bars? Are tweeting hoping people wont notice your on trial?
#ClimateChangeHoax
Since time began and long after you are in jail.
Crook!
Not according to Drumpf
Hey Bob,Climate Change is a lie that TPTB push to try to pass a global "Carbon Tax". Stop lying! By the way, aren't you under investigation?
Someone here tweeted 'Bob the Baby Raper', 
"Impeach Trump".
So, Bob raping kids is okay but, Trump deserves impeachment? 
Maroons.
A lengthy prison sentence is at your doorstep you socialist
The hot water that you're in is getting much hotter for you.
You have no credibility while youre on trial!
Climate change apparently only occurs every few years or so?
Free advice...give up Twitter while you are on trial for bribery.

Prison impending.....time for cuffs.
No such thing as climate change huh.
Shut up Bob. Follow NOAA PhD atmospheric scientist @RyanMaue 
NOAA research DISAGREES with you
#DoSomethingGOP #ImpeachTrump @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @HouseJudiciary @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @PressSec @GOPLeader @realDonaldTrump .
You have more to lose from climate change than i do. No help from me while your party supports traitor sanders
I heard they just made a nice bed for you at the gray bar hotel.
So any time you want to talk about warm core dynamics and climate back ground, feel free to hit me up.  Happy to help.
Finally someone who has FACT to back up what they say. THANK YOU.
Further, the activity this year is nothing compared to the 1930’s & 1950’s.  And for over 30 yrs, ACE values have been running below normal.
Don't worry the will have air conditioning for you in jail
Time to go to jail
Lol  Good one!
Blah blah blah, blah blah
See!  Hurricane Nate is working in a pretty typical environment in the GOM.
Notable decline in GoM SSTAs over the past few days.

