too bad you don't talk about helping American citizens.
oh, pls, do you read? Cory is a hero...saved neighbors life, not to mention he is a senator...
Is anyone looking into possible link btween Rosneft sale of 19% to unknown parties and Steele document??
THANK you
I am proud you are my senators!
why don't you fight for Americans first?
Your words might have greater impact if you used caps more selectively, Margarita.
U  OTHERS RECOMMENDED IT R RIGHT  CAN'T SEE WITHOUT GLASSES UP CLOSE TRY READ WHAT I WRITE. THANKS
Dear Margarita,I have no idea what you just said. You're in great company in the Democrat party.
U Sir-> @SenatorMenendez got a lot of nerve! What about this immigrant? @Sanddragger @CoryBooker
.@SenatorMenendez @CoryBooker When do you meet to talk about protecting other Americans instead of grandstanding?
read about them, don't just be snarky!
I know about both of them. Booker has potential but has been disappointing lately.
Why doesn't Sen. Menendez discuss his indictment on Federal Corruption Charges
Now come on do you really want him to incriminate himself in ongoing case?Yes
and block the scouts nominee until they hear Garland
looking for a participation trophy
Thank you, Senators Menendez and Booker.  Keep up the good work. We need you to stand against Trump.
why? He's doing everything he said he would do.
Please help. This should not happening to our country and our people.
Until they go through Legal Immigration process they aren't OUR PEOPLE!
Double high five!!!! Signed, a voting constituent.
Thank you! Pls #withholdconsent on other senate business until you undo executive order. #nojusticenobills
 is a JOKE
Please also counter any anti-LGBTQ rights Exec Orders!!! Fight for every one of us. Thank you so very much.
Isis attacks across Europe since obama let Isis rise and ignored Syria .. lets blame @realDonaldTrump for being proactive #AmericaFirst
Thank you from a working man, family man and father. Thank you for your hard work in trying get the best for us
-VOTE NO ON #SCOTUS OR FACE PRIMARY CHALLENGE! #INDIVISIBLE WILL MAKE IT HAPPEN!
"All you need are three bones: the wishbone, the jawbone, and the backbone" 
- @ninaturner
yes please stay strong fir New Jersey #ResistOften #noban #NoBannon
thanks for fighting for what is right
why don't you protect the American people, then worry about immigrants?  You are just playing a political game.
you two guys should stay out of the Presidents business, and count your blessings that you are even here.
Thank you for standing tall !!! #Resist ! You have my complete and total support !
Thank you!! @SenatorMenendez @CoryBooker #StopSessions #StopDeVos
Thank U for standing up to an Islamophobic exec order. Proud of my NJ Senators! Fighting for TRUE US VALUES! @SenatorMenendez @CoryBooker
/ Did you discuss your Federal Corruption Charges
thanks @SenatorMenendez welcome to the fight for our lives.
How about fighting for the NJ residents that vote for you. FOCUS- we pay the highest taxes in the US.
please issue arrest warrants for individual CBP agents who disobey court order Stop them dismantling our system
WHO and WHEN will someone present IMPREACHMENT papers for Trump?
Remember when the (D)etroit party  represented American CITIZENS?-neither do I, but I was told there was a time
thank you for mtg wt immigrants and organizing! Dem leaders must #resist fascist agenda
please keep up the fight! We are with you! Sessions must not be confirmed!
number one thing to do is vote #NoSessions - NJ will not forget if say one thing and vote another
please keep fighting for us. We support you.
WRONG!
How about fight for Americans who are here legally? And for those who lost loved ones due to criminal aliens?
novel idea, protect Americans rights since we pay your salaries!
You want to stand against Trump?  I want the full 2nd amendment. Allow  law abiding citizens the right to carry
Also,  please work to block Sessions, SCOTUS nom, & all cabinet appts. Obstruct.
Hope you get all Dems on board, so far they haven't stood up against T . No, we didn't need to give him a chance. That ship has sailed!
thank you for fighting for Americans. The white house has forgotten that responsibility #StopTheCoup
Thank you!!! Proud to be from NJ. Keep fighting for NJ and the USA!!#resist #nomuslimban
Proud to call both of you my Senators.  Please keep fighting for us!
- Please let me know how I can support you in this important work.
LEGAL immigration yes. ILLEGAL immigration no!
As a proud American, New Jerseyan (sp?), Muslim woman who came to this country as a war refugee, THANK YOU!
'Jerseyan' could be Jersey an, Jersey-an, Jersey, Jersey's, Jerseys or Geesman.
glad to see the good guys taking action
thank you senators, but don't lose sight of the Nazi that Trump put on the security counsel.
Here's a novel Idea...instead of fighting for immigrants, stand up and fight for our citizens!! Dodos!
2 losers = perfect together. Shame u don't stand up for important issues ur constituents face like #RightToTry
Thank you both for being a voice of reason, a voice for NJ and a voice for those that don't have one right now!
Thank you!
vote against Jeff Sessions for AG if you care about immigrant's rights!
Thank you Senators for your bravery & service!!
Senators-your voicemail boxes are full.  We urge you to vote down Sessions & Price.  Our very soul is at risk.
Thank you for getting right to work to stand up for our immigrants, refugees, AND our constitution. Keep going.
Thank you. Both.
and you can both start with a NO for Sessions please. Thanks DEMS
Thank you.   it may not be enough.  Trump is out to destroy our country #NarcissisticPersonalityDisorder
immigrant have no rights or can demand them. It is a privilege to come here & they must be fully vetted.
Thank you for your efforts! Keep it up! :)
Please obstruct at every turn. I'm a lifelong Democrat; never in my life has this party meant more.
Glad to hear this. Please also vote against Jeff Sessions. #notosessions
thank you!
Please do something. We are becoming a tyranny, right in front of our eyes. CBP agents are acting like KGB
GOOD! THANK YOU!!!! @CoryBooker
& @CoryBooker thank you both for standing up for NJ and for Americans.
Dime con quien andas y dire quien eres.
You are a major sellout in the name of politics.
I'm ashamed that the two of you have voted YES for his nominations. Three for Bob, two for Corey. Shameful.
Most of Latin America & Middle East been laughing at suffering of Cubans for 58 years. Now your best pals.
Menendez, you dumbbell, you are helping Castro's best friends around the world. What has happened to you?
thank you thank you
Well, let’s not approve Sessions as a first step, okay? You wouldn’t really vote against Cory, right, Senator?
please continue to forcefully push back. Your constituents and our country need you.
Please continue to don all you can to protect these vulnerable populations.
We have millions of people currently homeless, hungry and looking for income. Why are that not more important?
Thank you! Please keep NJ citizens informed about what we can do to help.
You can start by voting NO on Sessions
maybe its time u did the right thing instead of ass kissing.did u complain wen obama did same thing
Thanks. Still DETEST your votes on affordable meds. But, I'll take whatever good news I can get.
never been prouder of my state reps. TY! 
u need to get elected president for starters. Good luck on that lol
Very proud of my 2 senators. Kindness & love.
keep up the good fight 
Well Done Senator Menendez and Cory Booker
Thank you both. 
should be working to improve NJ Allow senators who already have their states in order work this
True patriots have your number Booker and Menendez. We aren't brainwashed drones like those on your side.
That's all your supreme leader did, executive orders. I would say get used to the same.
Thanks guys!  You rock!
I sure hope that dems step up the fight for the Amercan people. Do your job remember seats are up in 2018
trump costing US a great deal of money when US loses out on Olympic bid&other sport events due 2his leadership
Excellent! Vote no on nominees and filibuster SCOTUS nominee too.
Outstanding! Thank you for using your powers for good! #NoMuslimBan #HeroesOnTheHill
thank you! Pls stand with @CoryBooker and do not confirm @JeffSessionsrbx
Vote No on EVERYTHING! History is being written #resist
thank you, Senators. as a resident of NJ, I am very encouraged by this. please fight to protect our democracy!
please also know that your votes for/against Trump will matter to me on Election Day! 

https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/congress-trump-score/ …
. Thank U.. Pls continue to fight! Who's next to get deported ??
I meant senator Mendez won't be hanging around too long
I prob Won't be Senator all that long anyhow..get with the program or u will be removed
you gather them take them back to their country. Once there you train them, help them, provide for them. U pay
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Please fight against this ban This is not our America
espero de corazón que los demócratas no den su voto para la corte suprema de eso depende nuestra democracia
