I called! Wish I got to speak with you.  Keep fighting extremists!
. @SenatorMenendez if you pass @USRepRodney in the hall, tell him constituents in the 11th would love the same treatment @nj11forchange
great job:-)
This 'surge' has just begun! We are in it for the long haul!
NO TO SESSIONS!!!! How can you be on the fence? Clearly a vote for Sessions is a vote against NJ values.
????
which office would that be, no one in your DC office was picking up the phone
thank you for your service to the country
Your a fraud! #fakenews oh I can't wait for @BetsyDeVos confirmation. She will finally give real choice to parents/kids
please vote no on Senator Sessions!
and when you call their very pleasant but you must call
would u please drag @DeanHeller out from hiding under his desk & explain the importance of listening to your constituents.
Vote NO to Sessions! Vote NO to DaVos!
thank you for responding to my email it's nice to know you are listening!
Thank you for all of your hard work. Proud to be your constituent!
thank and you give me hope
May your voice be heard with force Senator. May hope not be overcome by fear
Senator if u run into my senators from IA let them know I'm very concerned get voice mail. Stay strong Senator we need u.
I stopped by your Newark office this past week.  Your staff is great!
Very commendable that you engage with your constituents in this way!
@hickeyhouse15 a shining example of an engaged leader.
thank you for your "no" vote on Devos
thank you for your "no" vote on Devon.
xo 
That's fantastic. Thank you. Now to trigger sec. 4-25th amendment
pls vote NO on Sessions & Pruitt and find 1 more Rep to vote NO on Devos- don't let us down, your work is appreciated 
vote NO on Price, Devos, and Sessions!
vote no on all @realDonaldTrump appointments!
Good for you! Always important when 'the boss' shares in the behind scenes work!!
thank you for resisting and #standing up being heard
Excellent! How many of those calls were asking you to vote Sessions down?
Thank you.  No on Sessions and filibuster Gorsuch.

Well, our "President" has likely committed many more crimes than this in his first week. makes Bob look better.
/ I would like to ask you about your Indictment on Federal Corruption Charges
Love this! keep voting NO to Trump cabinet. The MAJORITY of USA voted AGAINST him. His abuse of power is UnAmerican.
any chance you and @CoryBooker can convince one more @GOP to vote NO to #BetsyDeVos?!
Good for you! As a resident of KY, Sens. Paul and McConnell's phones are unanswered, busy,or mailbox full .Mad constituent!
your fabulous staff is getting tired of talking to us, please announce NO on Sessions and let them take a breath!
Thank you!
Please vote No on Sessions!
tried to call but couldn't get through. Vote no on Sessions!
Your staff is outstanding. They should all get raises.
Please vote NO on Jeff Sessions! Thank you
Thank you, Senator. Make sure to vote "no" on Sessions. Also, your mailbox was full when I tried to call.
do not vote for Sessions!
nice. Called your Newark office yesterday, very nice staff. Pls vote no on Jeff sessions. We can do better.
.@SenatorMenendez You need to vote NO on Jess Sessions for AG. We can't have a racist handling our civil rights.
what about that SESSIONS THOUGH? Step up and lead! 

Let us know
You'll vote no
Thank you! keep the pressure on! Russian ties!?
great that you took calls, but why haven't you announced you are voting NO to Jeff Sessions yet? Seems more important!
thank you!!!
please vote NO on Sessions. He is unfit!
Thank you Senator for connecting with your constituents! #respect
Your voicemail is full right now. Please control POTUS. Bannon must be stopped!  How? Help!
thank you for listening & pls thank your amazing staff for fielding all our calls! #resist #NoBanNoWall #SaveACA #NoBannon
if our voices matter you vote no on Sessions. Stand for your party Senator. Stand for your country.
thank you!! Please vote NO on dangerously unqualified DeVos!
Talk to your GOP colleagues. Find ONE who will vote "no" on Betsy DeVos. Just ONE. Talk to them. Convince them.
I tried to ask what the status ur FBI investigation....
darn, I must've just missed you when I called earlier
@isthiswinnie I always get an email response when I contact him #classy
same! they have a great office operation
Love you Bob!  Keep up the good work. Push on Russia!!!
thank you. I was one of the callers. Appreciate your thoughtfulness and practicality.
thank you for your service. Hopefully I'm lucky enough to thank you in person or via phone.
thank you Sen Menendez, care to spread the suggestion to your colleagues
actually I would like you to confirm our President's Cabinet nomination.. and support Supreme Court Jc
Good job!!!
@stacypinkston1 yay, Americans!!!!
good for you!  Thank you for working hard for New Jersey!
.@SenatorMenendez Thank you, from a constituent in 08057.  It's heartening to know that at least SOME of our elected officials are listening
Your NJ staff is lovely! Spoke with someone today re AG nomination. Pls vote no. The AG needs to protect all.
Barrington office folks are very nice. Newark as well. DC is 2 busy. No to Devos, Sessions, Pruitt.
Way to Go Sen Menendez! I'm a Virginia Dem but Admire your Endless Stamina, Concerned Voice and Inspiring Dedication! 
whatever happened to the criminal charges against you flying down to the Caribbean
KEEP FIGHTING SIR!!!!!
What a lie. This is staged because Senators never answer their phones.
go vote stop stalling.
Good for you!
. Which office?  Tour DC and Newark lines are constantly busy or disconnect.Was able to get through to your other NJ office.
Thank you for caring about people, Sen. Menendez. #savetheEPA #savetheACA #NoBanNoWall #wheresRodney
Why do you lie to the people? Off course their voice does not matter. A nice gimmick though! SMART! #DonaldTrump
THANK YOU! Please vote NO on Jeff Sessions for Atty General.
thank you for talking to the citizens of NJ, I have called your office numerous times and your staff is always great
