Then I hope you know how to vote when SHAPE hits the agenda
He owned over 22 guns, at least one modified to be automatic was a gambler, real estate speculator but not a hunter... Didn't anyone wonder?
Amen. It's time for gun reform. Tax reform does us no good if we are killed in mass murders.
Humans wanting to harm other humans is not a uniquely American issue, regardless of the method used. Let's remember that the crime was committed by a person, not an inanimate object.
That inanimate object allowed him to kill 58 people and injure 500 more in 4 1/2 minutes!
It was also banned 30 years ago.
Funny that you mention these tragedies...has anyone here actually researched ANY of these "events"?
ON THEIR OWN?
BTW..Bob is scum, on trial
But bribes and corruption are ok?
No. 
That's cold !!!
Why are you guys replying to a child raper? Do you not know that Bob has commited some serious crimes & is on trial right now? R U Zzzzzzzz?
you'll have plenty of time to think about it, IN PRISON!
Chicago, Washington DC , Baltimore , Philadelphia. Those are the cities you choose to ignore
Thank you, rights of a NRA over rule the rights of human life
Combat Vet Chris died last night These are his haunting words https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10212528084691443&id=1062890873 … #LasVegasShooting
arent you busy in court?
It is why the rest of the world wonder just who the hell are these people who have so pittle regard for their countrymen
How’s the trial going Bob?
Take prayer out of school, ban God in public, diss the flag, teach no morality then ask what can be done but pass another law? Huh.
Aren’t gangs like La ONU and Rompe ONU also prominent in Puerto Rico? Nothing? Maybe they human traffic too? Are you on trial for something?
Why did you ignore Boston Bomber & the Ft Hood ? Oh thats right Muslim terror You know these mass casualty crimes all happened under Obama
Thank you
Shouldn't you be preparing for your court trial on your stealing of like what, $150M from Medicare?
Newark, Trenton, those problems are covered by the strictest laws. Yet you want more when u know it hasn't worked.
Criminals will get guns regardless of how difficult you make it for law abiding citizens. Legal citizens have a right 2 protect ourselves
Yep, each one carried out by people with mental problems. Maybe that is what we should address
So is “Corrupt Hudson County Politicians”
Speak only peace at this time
And we are worried about refugees
#domesticterrorism Let's start using the words.
As is the lack of GR8 #JOBs. Have UR staff dig up stats that when US over employed and spending to attend MORE concerts violence subsides.
Martha Johnson,Chaka Fattah, Anthony Weiner, David Wu, Jesse L Jackson JR, and YOU...That is a problem THAT WE THE PPL refuse to ignore!


Never let a tragedy go to waste.
Never let a tragedy go to waste... when you have a chance to push a political stance, shouldn't you be in court Bob??? #shameondems
We all know what you like to do with your “gun,”. You know what I’m talking about and you use it on underage kids. #SitDownShutUp
Ban idiots, NOT GUNS!  Take a look at Chicago, how does the gun banning work for you dems?  Not productive at all!
Peder....
Paraguay has the same gun system as the USA and they have little to no violence. The problem is the individual, not the weapon.
It is sadly a uniquely American problem. The world looks at yet another mass shooting in your country  - and wonder why Congress has no guts
He got the gins illegally through the underground! So...can you please explain how gun control laws would have helped avoid this massacre?
But bribery and fraud is okay right?
Maybe it as Hillary's book that drove Paddock over the edge, that would make anyone CRAZY!!!  #BanHillarysbook
Bot
Forget banning guns. 
Let's ban Democrats who took the Bible out of schools
and stand for do whatever makes you feel good, forget the law!
You are a fraud & a pedophile Senator Menendez.
You have no credibility & a total failure to the citizens of New Jersey.
Resign!
Then there was the private citizen who stopped a killer at a church with his gun, but was as hidden by MSM as your bribery trial
.l..
Make guns illegal and criminals won't have any?  The guns used were illegal you corrupt individual, see how that helped?
Maybe clear guns out of America then. I've always been for sensible gun rights, but your ignorance makes me want them gone now!
Guns laws are already in place.... nothing could have change the events from last night.
So, maybe you should look at the sociological reasons for such violence.  It's systemic.  Think about that.
Bot
You know what else is a huge problem? Pedophilia.
Oh you know #Bob does not want to hear that! Why that is between him and the 9 year olds
Great. We're looking forward to your legislation closing the gunshow and internet loopholes.
And the problem lies in Congress! #Enough. Boycott any moment of silence.
Chicago? Nah, who cares.
You forgot San Quentin
Stop politics, crazy people will use trucks, knives, guns. You corrupt politician
Will the swamp ever think of anybody besides themselves it's very obvious the swamp condones this violence
You're a 100% corrupt man who pays for sex with children.  Resign today.
Bot
THANK YOU SENATOR.

You're not in jail yet?
You asking for 280 characters
