Bob hush, you'll get your slice of the pie.  I'm sure you'll have plenty of cigarettes to trade while you're in the joint.
Keeping a low profile right now should be a priority for you.
Could you stop pretending we don't know you're currently on trial for corruption? Thank you.
Absolute epitome of tone deafness!
I read NYT, WaPo cover to cover.  Didn't even know you are on trial for massive corruption!
Bob, What about the private jets & luxury resorts financed by a $105 MILLION in Obamacare fraud! You're on trial for CORRUPTION & BRIBERY!
#SenatorMenendez Shameless. #Resign or go to #Jail
Dude.  You should be watching prison movies to get ready for where you are going.
Glad to see the democrat on trial for corruption has time to keep lying -
You have no grounds to speak.
You can't even be serious right now! This is rich coming from a corrupt criminal!!
Keep trying, why cant #Democrats just stop lying, have fun at your trial today!!
You should sit this one out considering you are on trial for redistributing wealth to your pocket.

Melgen also paid for Menendez &girlfriend to stay for 3 nights at a Parisian hotel cost $1,500 per night &allowed the use of his private jet
Take a knee.
You're on trial for bribery right now. Seems a little introspection is in order.
Go to jail you crook maybe you and the Clintons can share cells
You're on trial for corruption. Perhaps you should focus on that instead of lecturing us
Go directly to jail, maybe buddy up with wiener
I wonder if your sentence will include some redistribution of YOUR wealth  in the form of fines fines and court costs.
Says the man who's on trial for "redistributing" wealth. @SenatorMenendez
says the corrupt loser about to go to prison.  #GFY
You'll be in jail soon. You should be spending time researching how to not drop wet bars of soap.
When will your team get creative and at least make up some new stories? Oh, and you write this from jail?
Are you saying that poor citizens will pay the taxes for the rich? That is not supported by the facts.
Kinda like what you’re on trial for?  That kind?   Go pack your bags for prison.  Seriously like you have any room to talk.
Innocent until proven guilty, still my Senator, and representing my views.
#TaxReform #TaxReformForSome That was Obama who wanted redistribution
I can't believe this guy...  #GoToJail, you crook!
Tired old and wrong. Anyone making over $25K to a (D) is rich.
Someone didn't think this over. #youregoingtojail
Kneel on this one, Bob. You don't have a moral leg to stand on. Now get back to the defendant's table like a good hypocritical felon.
Hope you managed to redistribute some of your corrupt wealth before your upcoming bribery conviction.
you've been busy "redistributing" to yourself, so you have NO room to talk, son.
Tweeting while on trial is just a bad look Bob.  Whoever your PR guy is - replace them. Like right now.
@SenatorMenendez's bribery scheme is a reminder that @SenatorMenendez is all for @SenatorMenendez. He belongs in jail. #LockHimUp
Aren't you a crook?
Wow. Did you read the plan? Why do you think our earnings belong govt 1st? Stop the politics. Every American deserves 2 keep more of THEIR $
Are you speaking thru you jail cell? Just stop talking crook
Dude, when the topic of money and greed comes up, you might want to consider sitting out a couple of plays.
Guilty conscience?
Do you even know that you're on trial for corruption?  Cuz, maybe, just maybe, you're not in a position to judge this stuff anymore.
Why chime in when you have 0 credibility!
Terrible.
You should TAKE millions from the wealthy, and keep it in return for favors you get from your position as Senator instead.

DUH!
That's rich! NPI Coming from someone who used taxpayer's money to finance their lavish lifestyle!
Do a tweet count as a one allowable phone call in prison?
I thought you had to be able to read to be a Senator....lol
Shouldn't you be practicing defensive shower moves?
Please...tell us more. 
Since you've got SO MUCH CREDIBILITY!

Are you serious? Go away criminal.
Aren't you on trial for redistributing it to yourself?  You may want to sit this one out.
Hey, Bob, you didn't read it. This is an old, tired LIE you guys use every time someone gives us OUR money back!
How is your corruption trial coming??
Every household gets a $24000 standard deduction. Households who have high income, as opposed to wealth, still pay more.
Bob... don't you have a trial to be attending???
Bob you and the Democrats tell people what will get you re-elected so concern yourself with your embezzlement trial
You’re ABSOLUTELY the last person who should be weighing in on money issues. #zeroselfawareness
Aren't you on trial right now for redistributing money to yourself?
Aha! So, you are the only one that can take bribes. Eh?
Ah yes, the political hack on trial for stuffing his pockets with as much cash as he could grab is giving us a sermon on selflessness.
The it will certainly help those who bribe you.
You just might want to sit this one out.
Bob, you might want to repay some of the tax payer money you stole before you trash Trump.
I would kneel this one out Bob.
You mean those who actually EARN IT??? Idiotic statement Bob
Take another look, it's not too bad. The first 50k in bribe money isn't taxed at all then only 20% for anything above that.
<- didn't read it. Is on trial for criminal activity. #lies #cheats #steals #buhbye
You are an absolute disgrace!
Well you guys are the experts on wealth redistribution, because that's all Obamacare was...
Just resign and spare us your pontifications.
Don't you have your hands full right now?
Wealthy or successful? There is a difference. Play the divisive class warfare card much? War on the rich? I guess it gets you re-elected.
Are you serious?? You are on trial for pay to play schemes! You are going to prison. You've never cared about hard working Americans!
Like your good buddy the felon doctor who stole our money for Medicaid fraud?
You should prolly sit this one out champ
With all the Financial, Sex, Medicare Scandals, and the rest how do you have time to tweet?
Here's what you have to look forward to.
Well when you are paying the taxes, then you deserve a break. Democrats want give money to people who didn’t earn or pay it. Make sense?
Curious, are you upset because it doesn't provide enough tax breaks for hookers?
Kinda like the money you redistributed to yourself, remember your trial.
I would worry more about your corruption trial. Dems to give a hoot about you.
Resign crook!!!!
If I was about to go to jail, I wouldn't be tweeting . Spend sometime with your family for god sake.
85 % of New Jersey voters say you should resign when convicted! And you say????
Not looking to you for financial advice
Hey Bob, did you pay tax on all that doctor supplied split tail??
As usual Pillsbury Dough Boy, you are full of shit!
Aren't you on trial SMH
It's a reminder that us taxpayers are tired of paying for welfare lowlifes.  I have better things to do with MY money.
And redistributes to all those for whom they create jobs.
aren't u in prison?
Reducing the amount of money taken from me that I EARN is not wealth redistribution... it's quite literally the opposite!
Don't you need to be in court?
Where's the taxpayer money you spent on hookers, Bob?
But you earn your cash through criminal acts? Isn't that why you are on trial? Leave your advice on the courtroom floor.
Resign
Or like a Democrat Senator , one could just accept bribes? BTW, how's that corruption trial going?
Wait, with all the corruption and favor-giving you’ve done, you’re calling someone else out over being elitist?? Kindly shut up, criminal
Are you tweeting this during a break in your fraud trial?
I suppose if your tax rate changes and you don't think you are paying enough, you can always pay more @SenatorMenendez ...

Do you have to pay taxes from prison? Asking for @HillaryClinton too.
Americans keeping more of their own money is such a foreign concept all you know is the money YOU greedily EXTORT from lobbyists
Hmmm
Conservatives want people to keep more of their own money.Dems want more taxes so they can Redistribute money to themselves&Donors #TaxCode
Don't you have fraud charges leveled against you? Maybe you should focus on cleaning your business first.
You should probably just be quiet because this sounds a whole lot like you & your buds.
Guess court was over for the day?
Are you writing this from the courtroom?  Getting fitted for your orange jumpsuit yet?

#MAGA.
Are you allowed to tweet on trial?
So if wealth distribution helps the poor, holy hell that's communism! But if it only helps the rich - well yeah, bring it on. NO!!!
Wealth redistribution is literally taking some ppls money and giving to other ppl.

That's called 'theft'.
Cutting taxes redistributes nothing.  But I'll give you a break on this one.  You have other things on your mind, I'm sure.
Aren't you going to jail soon? Breaking from your legal problems to regurgitate a tired #libtard talking point?  Who's paying your lawyers?
Tweeting from your corruption trial?
What about a bribery reform plan?  That seems like a subject you would be an expert on
Look a lib trying to keep higher taxes
That reminds me. I need to become wealthy!!
No tax bill until we see Trump taxes!
You’re seriously tweeting support of this criminal????  #SMH
