Nice! Now i will stop bugging the crap@out of your staff with daily calls. Good work!
thank you!
Thank you!, Senator Menendez
thank you Senator!
if you care, you would have voted no on Common Core . This is killing my daughters education
Thank you, Senator Menendez! @BTEAOnline @NJEA @NEAToday @MarieBlistan @Lily_NEA
@Positividad3 THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU
Thank you Senator for sticking up for our education system.
Great! And THANKS. How are you voting on Scott Pruitt? I got an oblique letter from you. All it needed was 2 letters: NO
Thank you for voting "no" on DeVos. WNY peace out!
Thank you!
Thank you from a parent of students at great public schools, one child receiving services under IDEA.
Thankyou!!
@megwyckoff Thank you,Senator!
@gfugnitto Thank you Senator Mendez!!!
Thank you, thank you, thank you!!!
Thank you, Senator, for continuing to resist these dangerous appointments.
thank you Senator!
Thank you for voting NO on Betsy DeVos for Education Secretary.
thank you for your educational integrity!
Thank you, Senator. I spent 10 years serving on my local BOE. She is a menace.
as a NJ voter I will remeber that come time for your re-election.
And perhaps concerns voiced in the thousands of calls u received from your constituents?? @SavOurSchoolsNJ @nj11forchange
Thank you!
Thanks for not supporting someone so unqualified to head the Dept. of Education! We must demand more for our children!
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator!
From a NJ teacher and parent, Thank you!!!
.@SenatorMenendez Thank you, Senator! Please help rally other colleagues around you!!
Thank you for voting to support public education by not supporting the nomination of Betsy DeVos!
Thank you. Now try doing that for Sessions too.
Excellent point! Sessions is the very worst cabinet candidate of all those proposed.
Good news.
Thank you Senator Menendez!!!
Thank you for putting #OurFutureFirst
A BIG THANK YOU. She is unqualified
thank you!!!!!!
Next is #stopSession. Thank you senator. Made my day!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank You. America needs public schools not vouchers that drain funds from them.
Tell @SenatorIsakson to do the same for his constituents in GA!
get some republicans too
thank you Mr. Senator! @realDonaldTrump
Thank you for sticking up for our public schools.
thanks for vote on DeVos
Perfect. We will be voting NO on you the next election.
.@SenatorMenendez I was quick to hammer you when I disagreed, now I'm just as quick to say, THANK YOU.
You freaking better!
Thank you from Michigan
Thank you for putting the students first.
thank you Senator, the right choice to vote no #ResistTrump
How are you dealing with having a MADMAN in the WH?Isn't it time thatU acknowledge that these are NOT normal times?
sadly just being a sentient being would be enough to vote no. Thanks for standing up to cronyism!
Thank You!
Our children deserve better 
Thank you Senator!
thank you. Please continue to oppose the administration's radical agenda. It's not ok.
Thank you Senator
thank you for voting no on Betsy DeVos!
Thank you!
NJ schools are rife with terrible teachers, nepotism in hiring and corruption.
We thank you.
as a former NJ constituent, thank you
@NJIndivisible 

THANK YOU
Thank you! @SenatorMenendez
thank you for your NO vote!
Great job Senator Menendez. Make NJ proud.
she'll be a keystone cop education secretary
thank you!
thank you for voting no on DeVos!
thank you!
Thank you, Senator.
Why did you vote yes on Ben Carson's nomination? He is unfit & unqualified.
way to go!!  Thank you for voting against her madness!!!
we thank you for the vote and for hearing your constituents #NotoDeVos
Thank You Senator Menendez!

/ you shouldn't have a vote at all you been under Federal Corruption Charges and under Indictment
really thrilled to hear that you are voting NO to Betsy DeVos! #njproud #specialneedsparent #midterm
thank you!
That's good news and the right thing.  Thank you.
Thanks! DeVos is terrible.
THANK YOU for doing what is right for NJ's public schools!
thank you Senator Menendez!
thank you for your no vote on DeVos! Please keep doing what it right!!
Thanks
Thank you!
Please reach across the aisle and encourage other reasonable Senators to do the same! #DeVosconfirmation is unfit.
/ LOL Unfit ?? / Sen.BoB Menendez is unfit hold Office / He's under Federal Corruption Charges Indicted??
Thank you for showing your integrity by sticking up for New Jersey's public school children!Betsy DeVos is NOT right choice
Good! Now wake @CoryBooker up
he already said he was voting no on DeVos last week.
thank you for standing up for our children.
you're just another party hack. Some of us do support Trump and worry about the future of NJ and the US.
Thanks from Weehawken!
@REA_President thank you for listening and weighing the facts!
- thank you!!!!
thank you senator!
thank you. Our children deserve better.
thank you!!
Thank you for voting NO on DeVos.  Profit motive has no place in our public school system.
thank you for doing the right thing. Speaking as an educator & deeply concerned NJ resident, I appreciate this.
thank you, Senator! Now, can you talk Prez into nominating Dr Sal Khan?
Thank you for standing up for public education.  @NJEA
thank you!
THANK YOU. You have made a lot of parents (and constituents) happy with this decision.
Thank you, Mr. Menendez!
good! I hope you're able to get others to do the same. She is woefully unqualified.
Thank You!  Please keep up the pressure to do the right thing.
Thank you!
YAY  #StopDeVos
Vote no on everything. Everything this administration proposes is a threat to our democracy.
Good for you. She has no place in US education policy, least of all at the top of it.
Thanks !
Thank you so much, Senator!
Thank you senator!
Thank you Senator!
And more good news from Mr Fukin Happy #UniteOrSTFU
Thank you Senator Menendez!
thank you. Good to know there is some sanity in the asylum
Thank you, @SenatorMenendez. She is vastly unqualified.
Relieved to hear that but why on earth did you vote yes on Dr. Carson at HUD? He has even less experience than Devos
Carson is just a dope...Devos is evil
Thank you!'
Thank you for supporting public education by voting NO!!
thank you for voting no on Betsy DeVos
This teacher would like to say THANK YOU
-thank you.
well you don't represent me, we must get rid of union control, to many ineffective teachers teaching, kids deserve better
Thank you from one of your constituents
Pls see that you do. My son has ADHD&its already a fight with his school for him to get what he needs. she'll make it worse
thank you Senator.
Thank you for defending public education!
Thank you, Senator Menendez. We are counting on you to fight for the rights of ALL Americans!
.@SenatorMenendez THANK YOU!
Thank you Sen Melendez for voting against Devon. Although, I'm sure it was an easy decision.
Thank you Sen Menendez. I'm proud that you've made this decision. Now.. about Pruitt, Perry, Tillerson, and Tom Price?
Thank you from a voter in southern New Jersey.
Thank you, and thank you for doing so publicly.
@GloriaBB2 Thank you!
good, the question is, can you get anyone else to
Thank you!
THANK YOU!
thank you, Senator
thank you!!
THANK YOU
thank you! 
Thank you, senator. I appreciate this as an NJ voter.
Thank you, @SenatorMenendez 

No on #BetsyDeVos
Thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thank Senador Mendez
