Happy birthday. Thanks for all you do
Happy birthday Senator Booker. I'm with you.
Happy birthday senator, now run for #POTUS!
BEAUTIFUL VOICE @CoryBooker @SenGillibrand @SenFranken @SenBrianSchatz @SenBobCasey @SenatorMenendez @maziehirono @amyklobuchar
Happy Birthday!
Happy birthday, Senator. Enjoy the day, then get back to work (we, and the world, need you).
Happy Birthday Senator Cory! You should consider running for President one day...seriously
Cory Booker for president
#2020
I celebrated mine 3 days ago.... Have a great day!!! Wishing you the best!
Feliz Cumpleanos!
Happy Birthday... please I would love to talk across the isle to see where we can agree
happy birthday, 46

Happy birthday Senator!  Love the video!
Happy birthday Cory! 
Happy birthday, legend! Keep doing what you do. God bless and good health. You make me proud to be from NJ.
Happy belated birthday Cory. We  you.
Happy Birthday, Cory! I hope you have a wonderful day!
Happy Happy Birthday Senator! 
Happy birthday!
Brokers as phony as a three dollar bill

Happy (belated) birthday, Senator Booker! Thank you for your hard work.  
Yay,, I am also an April Bithday girl,,, This video is great fun!  A third time I wish you a Happy Birthweek!!!
Happy birthday!
Happy Birthday Mr. Booker.
Happy Birthday Cory Booker! You are doing a great job.       
Happy Birthday! It's my birthday, too!!!
Have a great Birthday Cory
Cool
Happy birthday!
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
AWESOME God bless you and Happy Birthday FUTURE President
Many Happy Returns of the Day! You are where you are needed!
Cory Booker makes a lot of sense.
Happy birthday Cory! here's a vegan cake for you 
Happy birthday keep up the good fight
Happy Birthday @corybooker & donating today to cake cutter @sengillibrand we need more Mother Hens caring 4 our nation. Thx for the reminder
Happy Birthday!! Thank you for representing us!!
Happy Birthday 
So fun to see everyone celebrating! Happy birthday
HIPPY BEER DAY SENATOR! You are an inspiration!
Happy Birthday Senator!!
Wishing you a lifetime of love and light
It's so nice to hear Senator Menendez singing again
Happy birthday Cory. You are a tiger in the spineless sheep herd. Keep it up
Happy birthday and many more!
Happy birthday!
Happy Birthday    
Senator Franken was captured on video emerging from under the table. He's so flexible!! :-)  Check out that video. #Peace
Happiest of birthdays, double nickels for me today as well. You're amazing, by the way.
Happy Birthday, Senator - keep up the great work! From the #ATL
Happy Birthday!! Keep up the good fight!
@CoryBooker how many ate the vegan cake & loved it? #njvegan #resist
Why isn't @mindykaling there?
Happy Birthday Senator!
We need to get sen Booker a selfie stick for his birthday so he can fit everybody in the room in the shot all at one time. 
HBD
Happy Birthday 

HAPPY BDAY fellow Taurean!
Was it a vegan cake?
U r so worth it!!!
What an amazing group of people!!!! #hbdcory 
We love you Cory!
Hbd
HBDay!!! I feel like I'm watching an episode of the 70s Show w/the 360 shot 
Happy Birthday and keep "Leading with LOVE "
Go Corey an inspiration

i love this so much! Happy birthday, Senator!
Happy Birthday, fellow Taurus! Great video. 
Happy birthday - it's mine too! Thank you for standing up for what's right today and always.
Happy Birthday to you, too.  #Peace
Delighted to meet todayab Centr the staff at #Monrovia #Rehab Center
Happy birthday, Senator Booker!  You rock!
Happy Birthday Senator Booker! 
Happy April birthday. Me too.
Happy Birthday, Doc. #Peace
Awesome video! Thanks for sharing! #RESIST
Happy Birthday!
You're awesome! Happy Birthday!
Happy birthday Senator!   BTW, that's a vegan cake, LOL!
Thanks, @CoryBooker, that's me! Happy birthday to you too!
Happy birthday. One more year to resist!
Happy Birthday!!
Happy Birthday! 
You are a good man  (especially evident after listening to podcast with @tferriss) & have a lot to be proud of.  
Happy birthday @CoryBooker and many, many more.
Cory is a calm in the storm through truth and hope. Heartfelt thanks ! Happy bday the future is brighter thks to your dedication!
Happy Birthday @SenBookerOffice!! Yes indeed @SenMenendez sure does have a rich, beautiful singing voice!      
Happy birthday!
HBD! Thank you for fighting the good fight for us all!
happy bday!
Happy Birthday, Cory!
We have the same birthday!! Happy Birthday!!
Happy Birthday to you, also.  #Peace
Thank you!
Happy Birthday!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO A GREAT GUY!
Happy Birthday to you! Enjoy your day.
Happy Birthday! You and "mother hen" @SenGillibrand! Coin toss for Pres and VP! 
Happy birthday Senator Booker. Love your positive energy!
Spicer jumping out of a cake holding the Trumpster's tax returns would really cap off the day! One can hope!
Happy Birthday! #BookerGillibrand2020 please!! Save us!! 
Happy Birthday, Senator Booker! Another year that NJ has been blessed to have you standing up for us. Thank you!!! 
Forget about politics for a moment... hope you, in all your fabulous handsomeness, enjoy a very happy day Cory! Happy Birthday! 
Happy Birthday to the best Senator NJ has ever had!
Happy Birthday @CoryBooker!!!!! Great party!!! And you share it with the greatest jazz singer of all time! Only greatness on this day!
Happy Birthday and Much Respect for what you do! 
Happy Birthday, so proud that you represent my state @CoryBooker!
Happy Birthday  @CoryBooker you are a true inspiration for all of us!
Happy birthday
Happy birthday!!!
Hanging with @SenFranken on your birthday! How cool is that?
Happy Birthday   Keep fighting for the people! 
H@SenatorMenendez @maziehirono @amyklobuchar @MartinHeinrich
And @SenatorMenendez has a great voice. Happy birthday @CoryBooker
I'm an April person! Happy birthday Senator Booker. Many happy & healthy more! We need you to keep fighting the good fight!!!
Happy birthday!!! Keep fighting the good fight!
Happy Birthday 
Happy birthday  Cory!  You are the best!
Happy Birthday!
Surprise! I have horse but no shirt! Jajajajaja!!!!!!
 Corey!
Happy Birthday Senator Booker !! 
Happy birthday, may your year only get better and your conflicts get less!
  Happy Birthday, Senator! 

May you have have a healthy and happy year!

@SenateDems @TheDemocrats
Happy Birthday !  Thanks for ur compassion .  It tells me a LOT about your .   

#govegan #compassion #MFA #CoK
Happy Birthday Senator Booker with love from NJ!!!
Nice but could you get to work #russianhack taxes healthcare please fucking save us from this lunatic
@CoryBooker happy birthday! Proud to have you represent me!

Happy Birthday man! Don't forget about the people of Newark #BrickCity
Happy birthday Senator Booker!
What an amazing voice!!
The leaders of New Sodom
That made me smile BIG!!! Happy Birthday, Cory Booker!!
Love this!!! Wow, Senator Menéndez that was awesome!!!! Happy birthday Cory!
Happy Birthday and hello to our wonderful senator Casey
Look how awkward everyone looks. "Is this guy really doing a selfie video again"?
You need to quit with the selfies and videos bro. You look like a little child instead of a representative of Government.
Have you seen the guy occupying the White House?
joyeux anniversaire cher Cory
