I'm about to graduate college in a year, what am I supposed to do with two degrees and no work permit???
No kidding, Natalia! You must leave so you can give the uneducated a shot. 
He "loves Dreamers" I really think everything is going to work out
Families torn apart; businesses decimated; communities crushed...

Another thing: these young people are AMERICANS in every way that matters
I would lose the future full of love, life, and adventure my beloved husband and I have built in our minds and hearts.
W/out #DACA I won't be able to continue my education @ #UCLA & all the work my parents & I have  invested so I can have a better future will
Be lost.
Think. Ask. Change.
I don't know how to be an adult without it. I will lose my job and eventually my car as well. All I've worked so hard for will be gone.
Try coming into this Country the Legal Way and stop acting like it's ok to break our Laws...
Your BS is unbelievable... Don't break the LAW
You will be taking away my family's chance to prosper in America. They aren't criminals. They are students, and hard workers
Yeah because they came when they were in single digits. Nice to know you put them on par w/ other criminals. How Christian of you
Chances are you're a believer in a deity and many of you people wear it openly and your beliefs contradict your actions.
Sure
You take away our hope, and our spirit. DACA allows us to feel like any other American citizen. We are one with you all.
How is DACA a slap in the face exactly? 
they were brought as kids. u make it seem like when u were a kid u made the decisions.
Seriously? Human trafficking? Do you even know what you're talking about?
if I lose DACA, my students will lose their teacher and soccer coach. I will have spent my life savings to get a college degree but no job
I have an honest question
Why haven't you pursued citizenship?
THANK YOU!!
My exact question. And did you get financial aid of any kind?
I'm sure he did.  But not my kids don't qualify for a cent 
I will lose my job, I will have to drop out of uni b/c I pay out of pocket and it will only be a matter of time before I lose my home too.
I work in I.T. my hope is that I further my education and move up within my company. #DACAWorks
@realDonaldTrump I'm 2 semesters away from getting my Bachelors in Information Technology under a merit-based full ride scholarship #DACA
as a DACA recipient MY hard earned tax dollars are supporting all YOUR federal aid programs even though I don't get access.. youre welcome?
Doors that have been opened for me will be shut again, I will be unable to realize my dreams or live a stable independent life
I will loose my job, I won't be able to afford going to college. I will loose everything my parents I have worked hard for. And if deported
I will be separated from all the people I love. I will have to return to a country that I left when I was 1. A country that I don't know..
Your family broke the Law ... Come to our Country the right way... Follow our Laws ..
earn the right to be a American just not free stuff
We pay taxes, we contribute to society economically and socially. This is our home and would never do anything to hurt this country. We love
That's Great, but so many abuse the system...
Just know ones that have did it the right way and it's rewarding vs illegally coming to the 
Not everyone does, most people don't actually. Hispanics are the ones to receive less government aid. And if ur undocumented you can't
Receive government aid. Unfortunately the immigration system is so broken it's nearly impossible to come here legally
It was broken on purpose and now it's about to break this Country.... I'm just over people like Ramos acting like we are shitty Country
20 years and you were unable to tell de difference between lose and loose. Sorry for your loss
Let me get this straight. You make the same mistake 3 times, you are a fan of "El Chema" and El pendejo soy yo. 
Pendejo as I may be,U LOSE
I'm not even sure what he claims you lose...as if he decides winners and losers!
You mean loosers
Losing my child is my biggest fear.
False patriotism at its best 
You won't lose your kids, this is just as much your country as that fool up there, Denise. #DefendDACA
Thank you for your kindness sandi 
800,000 young people paying social security & medicare tax, income tax, property tax, sales tax. Buying, hiring, working. We need them!
There r plenty of immigrants waiting to come legally that respect USA law. These illegals cut in line as my family waits That's not equality
You are a disgusting racist.
We just want to fly, but they are trying to cut our wings
My family waits and respects USA, they want to fly but they wait their turn. Illegals cut in line. That's not equality
Ask a Native American if your illegal ancestors are "legal."
An American born or legal immigrant can and will take ur spot.
Then why didn't they?
Because you were employed already. Durhhh
So you just admitted that she was better equipped for the job?
Soooo learn to not put words in people's mouths. Thanks.
I didn't put words in your mouth, I asked a simple question. I guess you didn't catch that huh?
Not really. Busy reading  North Korea supposedly preparing another ballistic missile.  It's a big world threat.
I will be unable to work my degree in criminal justice. I am not a threat to America I am here to help MAGA in anyway possible. I need
DACA to support my daughter! DACA recipients love this country as our own! We are proud to work hard for this country!
PLEASE continue with your studies @AliiT13 @jorgeramosnews you will outlast @realDonaldTrump
Thank you Barbara! I sure will continue.
Stay strong. You have the support of millions. DT is wrong in so many areas but this decision would be inhuman. We must all speak up now.
Yes we must all speak up! Dreamers are here with all the right intentions!
It's not a matter of your intentions, it's a matter of equality, I had to come legally, so do you
Lol 
Obama knew it was a temporary fix. Blame Congress.
Blame the parents
Everything my parents have worked their lives for will be for nothing, I will lose my job, no longer be able to further my education here...
I'll be forced to go back to a country I have not been to since I was 2 years old, my 3 younger siblings will not only have lost...
Their mother to deportation but also now their older sister.
I'm sorry that an American will replace you in school and work. Oh wait that is how it shud b
You guys cry and cry about how we steal your jobs, but CLEARLY you guys ARE NOT TRYING hard enough if an immigrant can get hired before you
You're not an American, you should have worked harder and come here legally
She was 2. How do you propose a toddler, likely in diapers, should work harder to come legally. That is beyond ignorance.
She's not still two. Plenty of time to become legal
There is nothing that will change his mind or deter him from his racist agenda. He must be removed from office plain and simple.
Obummer sent more ilegals back..why wasn't that racist
Obama had 8 years to do something and all he did was put a bandage on this! It's called votes! They never cared people
After 5 years of college, I now work as an engineer and I will be unemployed. We the dreamers, are helping making American great. #DACA
You can help make Mexico great for the first time. Feel blessed we pay 4 ur college.
Y'all don't pay for our college  most of us DON'T even qualify for financial aid , do some research
DO IT LEGALLY!!!!
Why get violent. Obama is no king therefore could not promulgate laws. Congress should act. My money tells me the anti-T in congress won't.
I'm certainly not getting violent I'm speaking up for myself and dreamers , it's just funny how you think "y'all" pay for everything we
Pay taxes and so do our families . If it wasn't for DACA I wouldn't have been able to go to school for Digital Media I have 2 years
W/out DACA I'll lose my job at WA State House of Reps, healthcare & benefits, & won't be able to afford getting a masters in public policy.
We are American. And that's great. Maybe you should work to accomplish them.
I received education funded by the taxes paid by my parents & other immigrants, privately funded financial aid, & my hard work. Read a book.
My degree, my job, and all the hard work I have put on to get to a better place will be going to waste..
Should have gotten in line like my family does. They respect USA you cut in line. That's not fair that's not equality
What? You are a disgusting moron. Does your mommy know you are on the computer? Past your bedtime.
But what about U.S. citizens that don't reap as many benefits as these Dreamers? They get more help than those born here.
Then let those people study hard and get 4.0 GPA...are those citizens exceptional students
What I am trying to say is those of us who are born here dont get educational aid like dreamers do. That is why dreamers have great careers.
I will loose my job that I love and that I can only do with my work permit. I have a 2 year old daughter that i need to raise and support
How do you send a person that has lived in the US for most of their life back to a country they have never even visited and cannot remember?
Without DACA ill lose my jobs,my ability graduate from college & America will lose a generation of great individuals with infinite potential
I will loose the opportunity to go to a good college. I won't be able to succeed in life. I will be leaving the only place I call a home.
You take education away from those of us that came legally. My family still waits to come because we respect USA laws and country.
Why don't you fight for those same rights in Mexico... why don't you make Mexico Great Again...
Without DACA I am nothing I will not be able to stand above all odds and prove myself worthy to this society I will loose my job and dream
I will be separated from the family I just started and WILL NO LONGER BE ABLE TO BE THE PERSON MY PARENTS RISKED THEIR LIFES FOR ME TO BE !
You cut in line. I came legally and my family still waits in line. We respect USA and it's laws.
No amnesty for the illegals, please. Sad that angry anti-white hater Ramos is whipping up anger and exploiting the illegals.
What makes me saddest is this will have zero impact on a sociopath like trump. He has no room for empathy. We've seen it countless times.
U.S.A is my home I came here @ the age of 1. W/O DACA I lose everything I've worked for so far  job, financially help my family. #DREAMERS
I don't care what age you came here!  If not here legally go back to the place of your birth and come back legally. That's the law respect
Mr.trump u said u were gona make a decision with ur heart... I know ur heart is generous enough and u will not make us loose all we achieve.
u cut in line as my family waits  respecting USA and laws. That's not equality that's entitlement. What u can't do it like everyone else?
I'd lose my job as a 7th grade math teacher, I've worked my whole life for this. I'm living my DREAM, but it's turning into a nightmare...
A job that legal immigrants & US citizens would happily do!
If i lose my DACA, my students will lose their teacher, i wouldnt be able to support myself, we would all have nothing..
You could go back to your country and get a job as a bilingual employee....
Without #DACA I cannot create design centric security and big data products to keep our country safe from cybercrime
You cut in line. My family still waits, I had to follow laws you broke them. That's not equality
why haven't any of the dreamers apply to become citizens ? makes no sense
Then they would have to abide by our laws.. obviously that's not what they want.. they want amnesty
Without daca I won't have the chance to accomplish the one thing my parents gave everything up for, me education. 2 years left in undergrad
You're filling slots that could be used for my family that came legally. We respect USA and her laws
my brother who has it would loose job offer at a prestigeous univ. = unused BS,MS and PHD all in Chemistry, which he worked 4 all his life.
whole lives to get their citizenship squared away and did NOTHING!!! now they want to cry foul for an unconstitutional DACA SHUT UP!! 2/2
Thank you for your patriotism.
I am a Veteran as was my father and grandfather it's in my DNA but thx
We're not asking for a handout. I want the chance to work hard for our future.
DACA allowed me to earn my bachelors in biology & the ability to work towards my masters to become both a Physician Assistant & a scientist
This has been my country since I was 5 years old. Am I not allowed to have my own dreams and aspirations?
To be honest, all who went ahead and got DACA don't care how they accomplish their "dreams". You took advantage Obama's illegal actions.
2 degrees, saving to get a Masters degree, I pay taxes, clean record. Have an excellent job lined up, without DACA my dream can't continue.

Hope God does the same to you at the pearly gates
well Americans 1st in America so wth is your problem. Free educ4 illegals Americans pay 2 stupid
What in the illiterate-heck was your tweet intended to mean?
honey go back to save space it's where u belong permanently
Your attempt to utilize a "red herring" is almost as disappointing as your attempts to converse over social media.
Nursing assitant for 2 yrs, w/o DACA I won't become a nurse. A.A. degree, 4.0 GPA, NHS scholar, top 10% at USF currently for B.S. degree.
Listen Dave, I am about to head out to my 3rd job. My tuition has cost you nothing, I am proud to say I've paid out of pocket, for everthing
I've filed my taxes, so in all essence, I'd be putting into the system you think I'm taking advantage of.
Tell me more on how you can request federal aid, food stamps & such, w/o a social. They pay into a system & often receive nothing in return
Take care Dave.
I'd lose my brother if this happens. My family has tried for over 25 years to make US home. One by one we've been sent back. Not another!
We came legally. Thanks for inquiring
Correct. But I wonder at age 3 how getting on an airplane alone would have helped
What makes you a patriot, DJ? Seems like everyone just slaps it on their profile these days. 

I need specifics.
#Dreamers are here to change this country for the better. Let them live their dream.
As a daughter of immigrants and a sister to a dreamer, I am all for helping everyone. @realDonaldTrump can help make their dreams come true.
Good you pay for it have your husband give up his job for them and let them live in your home.
Everyone has dreams, it's easier to blame others who have pursued theirs because they weren't capable of achieving them. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtu50I9IMys …  If live in glass house don't throw stones.
Odummy was 8yrs in the WH . He & the Dems who ran it all, could've fixed such a situation but guess he thought hillary would win
Nothing will happen. They will simply live in the shadows like the 20 million who came before them.
Criminal... 
I agree, however....unfortunately, when Donnie sees protests, he just digs his heels in...and then sends someone else to tell you
Might be a better strategy to notify trump what will happen to him if DACA recipients are deported...he DOES NOT CARE what happens to them 
You are an i***t Ramos
Here's a novel idea: get a law passed the proper way. You want DACA? It starts in Congress.
You are and always will be a bandwagon http://politician.You  had 2 years to deal with this and did nothing.Why all the outrage now

https://youtu.be/QzqeB9v7jxU 

 Even Obama agrees with Trump. Time for Congress to do their job.
Go back to Mexico you slime ball!
I would loose my ability to teach all the great minds of the future. I would have to step away from being a teacher. Give up my DREAM
But, returning is going to be very, very difficult with that 30 foot double wall with censors and beefed up coast guard. Few Mexicans
OBAMA IS A LOSER. SO ARE YOU
Clean record, pay taxes, about to earn my 1st degree, on my way to becoming an HR Manager, been working since the age of 13
So you basically had illegal employment at 13, too?
#DREAMers are doctors, lawyers, teachers, social workers, friends, and colleagues. Without DACA my family and friends may face deportation
Obama did this June 2012 so he pushed an illegal law
Jorge, you need to STOP PROPAGATING HATE & RACISM & start telling the TRUTH!  GROW A PAIR OF BALLS MUCHACHO! #MAGA
I was kidnapped at the age of 13 to the U.S. I escaped & arrived to the U.S. today, I have DACA. Without DACA I simply won't have a future 
Hillary, using Dreamers, young adults, as political pawns is expected of you! You don't care, still  you LOST to our President Trump.
We all know DACA recipients r the smartest and strongest,let's be real,they work the double harder than American kids and have better grades
No, wall is going up. e-verify being implemented and RAISE Act. If we give DACA citizenship AFTER,it is in spite of you, as you & Fox their
It will bring me back to square one. This has been my home for 17 years. This is all I know.
DACA allowed me to get a degree, drive, get a job, and help my parents out, it gave me some independence and helped me thrive.
That's why President Trump is giving 60 days to correct the problem permanently and give dreamers permanent stay they have been living with
6months to fix. Need permanent fix in legislation not executive order like Obamacare did. Obama had 8 yrs & Dem congress did 0 legislation
Too late. You are campaigning the wrong person. Congress makes law, not the president

Living among your own people...the horror! lol

Hillary said that DACA children shouldn't be allowed to stay in America.
I can't never forget where I was standing before #DACA But now  I see How far I have come from those Dark days #DefendDACA
How about taking that free education and going back and making your country a better place so no one wants to leave. #MakeARealdifference
If you're proud to be Mexican,Honduran or whatever go back and help your people. The ones you left behind. If you don't who will?
If you don't how will things for them ever get better? Don't be selfish help your people you have the education and the tools now use them.
My niece was raised in Germany. German her 1st language. She IDENTIFIES American bc she is. You can't STEAL citizenship by proxy or else
Ok Jorge, this is your weekday to learn Constitutional Law. @POTUS is not who needs to act. That would be Congress. Please direct hate there
yeah they love this country so much 
Team DACA always I love the Dreamers
I work and live with 100,000,000 + patriots and I stand with them! Ending an unconstitutional executive order is fit and proper!
Mexico can strip a naturalized citizen of their citizenship "if their presence upsets the national demographic." #DACA #MAGA
Change his mind? His purpose is to get Congress to make a permanent deal, not a half ass deferred one.
the thing is, he does not care one whit, the man is completely self-absorbed and wants to tear down ANYTHING Pres Obama did
You are exactly right. My husband and I have thought that since Trump was elected! You know what your talking about!
My fiancee is white and from Europe. Under every president's watch it took 5 months for a I-129F to go through. Under Trump's watch nothing
Don't throw this on Pres Trump. Odummy had his chance he failed. It's now on the shoulders of congress, they make the decision.

https://twitter.com/sassygayrepub/status/906285857656659968 … president trump is doing the right thing for these people
http://Mr.Ramos.NO  WE WILL REVOLT.We Americans are SICK TO DEATH of you & your LIES.KEEP IT UP MR.RAMOS.WHAT GOES AROUND COMES AROUND.
Why dont you share the Angel moms stories? Steinle, Jameil Shaw and many others w crimes by illegals. Those lives mattered. U bury stories
Unreal y'all are illegal. You've had plenty of time to get legal. Sorry no sorry
He is a sociopath. He can't feel anything. Not for Harvey victims not for dreamers
I'm American you are taking jobs from others and schooling, money from the community that's feeding you... American's are hungry. Free rides
Siempre contigo! Gracias por todo!

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
Oye Conyo, aqerdas de Elian Gonzalez? Y que de el sueño de Elian, Hypotrica.
Picture from foreign country- look at lettering on military jacket and weaponry. ICE doesn't wear that or use those weapons.
Hey Conyo, this is a picture from April 2000, what rock were you hiding under?THIS IS NOT A FORIEGN PICTURE Peechee Guey. #GoogleIt

Ramos, were not going to change Our Constitution for you! And stop spending my tax dollars arguing!
The constitution is in favor of immigration, what's your argument?

JUST PASS A LAW. USE THE SYSTEM. WHAT IS WRONG WITH THE DEMOCRATIC PROCESS.
Everything materialistic can be replaced but I will lose my education, my career as a paralegal, and my mother & brother in the USA.
DACA needs to be GONE it should have never been started to begin with, send them back across the border then build the wall no more illegals

Go back to Mexico Ramos. You'reworst cheater of all. Their parents broke the law--somone has to pay.Sins of the father.Quit taking our jobs.

I'm using #Dreamer tweets to write postcards to congress. Are there specific Reps/Sens I should target, other than leadership? #DACA
Rob Portman (R-OH)

Dont blame Trump its Obama.  wow what do u do for a living
American kids first
American kids must get 4.0 GPA to compete with dreamers
Resort to violence most likely.
U can't change what he doesn't have
Jorge we need to let the congress realize these daca recipients have to pay very dearly for these visas they are not free!
And just think...if anyone but President Obama had instituted DACA, t---p would have never attempted to rescind it.
Tell the truth, if Obama made this illegal mess and POTUS is trying to give Congress the ability to make it legal.
That's not right! It must take place to keep America safe.
Did you tell 0bama this? He's the one who made daca temporary. If he had gone through congress it would have been law instead of EO. #Doh!!!
https://twitter.com/__0HOUR1_/status/904704815107887104 …
Dear puta ramos.............
Watch how many republicans  want them back if there's  a draft TRUMP IS MAKING AMERICA HORRIBLE
You're a joke.
Hi, the money I made under this guy's
SS# caused him to get a big bill from
the IRS, plus an audit.
Now his brothers are looking for me HELP
Deport Illegals now>Tax payers are sick of these leeches>Criminals that have broken US law! #BuildTheWall

From the mouth of 44, here you go libs, #DACA must end! .@POTUS, it was meant to be TEMPORARY, not a path to citizenship or amnesty #EndDACA 
DACA is ridiculous. Part of why Trump was elected. You don't deserve special treatment here. Mexico needs you. Go back and dream there.
DACA was illegal. Presidents can't make laws Trump is doing what a PRESIDENT shld do. Obama broke the law.
THANK http://YOU.You  are correct.Obammy broke the law with his executive order.
Very simple we we welcome all legal immigrants, you sneak it at the front line, sorry you broke the law. Blame your parents for this problem
"I WANT AMERICAN CHILDREN TO START DREAMING AGAIN"
Better yet retweet to your Rep. and compell them to pass the DREAM Act
Government agencies like police departments or fbi but I don’t mind if they want to kill one more
There will be 800,000 more opportunities for Americans, when 800,000 Illegal Aliens go back where they came from.
I will start from zero. With no car, no job, no college degree. All my hard work will be worth nothing. It will destroy my family.
