How many Senators need to be accused of corruption and tried in a Federal  Court before We The People wake up and set term limits?
.Were you talking to the climate expert Jennifer Lawrence again?
 Probably saw her intelligent & informative tweets then jumped the shark to tweet his lil heart out.

Bob may or may not go to jail. But that has nothing to do with climate change. The climate change is real.
Yes it's real it's called winter spring summer and fall and we have hurricane season and we're in it!
You should have paid more attention in your science classes.
That's why they call it once in a hundred years.

https://oceanservice.noaa.gov/news/features/sep13/galveston.html …
How many free fancy private jet flights does it take to get charged with corruption?
You sound like a bot.  It's weather , it's random with a cyclical aspect. If you bots ever get heavy govt hand on this you'll line ur pocket
Who cares about hoax climate change, we're waiting for you to go to prison where you belong.
#PoppingPopcorn
Sir you didn't care about your own future or your families when you took $$. Future generations will judge you.
This is what electing gullible half-wits sounds like.
Do you still like teenage hookers?
Climate change/racism/immigration are all distractions career politicians use to occupy us so they can continue to rob Americans blind. 
Climate is always changing.  We did not cause the glaciers to melt that formed the Great Lakes.  Think about it!!
"You can't be a rich politician unless you're crooked"
    Harry S. Truman
Have a nice day Bob 
Read a history book...Camille 1969...23 years later Andrew....25 years later Irma....mmmm....looks a like a completely normal weather cycle
Camille was horrific!! Donna 1960 pretty bad too. Thank God for better weather prediction and computers.
Take care of your crap.. Believe me, you're in more hot water than global warming melting icebergs....
Climate change is natural and expected. 

Don't you have a trial to focus on??
Why hasn't thee judge put a gang order on him ????
who is paying you to say that...because of course we all know your time and favors aren't free!  #corrupt
Meanwhile in the real world nobody buys that because it's not actually, true.
These morons think climate only changes with human activity. I forget the .003% of the atmosphere made up of CO2 is the only cause. 
It's, .004% btw and if you knew anything about evolutionary or climate science you know it only takes a few degrees on average...
Few degrees is diff than CO2 being practically noting in the atmosphere. Study something else...oh wait, govt doesn't want too
A few degrees has everything to do with CO2 composition of the atmosphere you clown
Except nobody can specify what that does exactly. Lol. But let's proclaim it's catastrophic.
Perhaps you should focus on your corruption charges?
Hey can you tell me what kind of cars man drove 11,600 years ago when earth had 15 degrees of warming in a short timespan.
Just stop it!

These storms have happened since time began.


http://www.hurricaneville.com/historic.html 
You stop it text me now with that B's mike denuts in your mouth
@SeekerofTruth0 the media has been doing a good job of hiding your corruption case, why bring attention to yourself?
America is and always has been very environmentally responsible. We just don't want to pay all that $ to a stupid policy that does nothing!
Really? Tell that to South Americans where American companies have polluted the rivers.
U think paying into a climate change account would make it better? Paying $ while other countries do nothing to stop pollution won't help.
Stop pointing fingers. Tell me what you can do.
They will if they don't get elected again
Seriously SERIOUSLY SERIOUSLY incase you are tone deaf.If  Weather Channel Creator Denounced Climate change and you want us to believe you
Thought you were locked up
Last 12 years, NO major storms. Check out 1960, 1945, 1930s.
A criminal is not the best spokesperson to perpetuate the #ClimateChangeHoax.
#Boom!!

This tool blames climate change whilst AQ thank allah for taking out it's godly vengeance on the West.

It's frikk'n WEATHER!!
What happened to calling it "global warming"? Climate has been changing 4 more than 4.5 billion years long before the Industrial Revolution
No one's claiming the climate isn't changing you fool. Just not by us. Only an idiot thinks giving billions to Europe will stop nature.
You mean Gore's "carbon sequestration" has made it worse?   (Why you praying? If you think God can't control climate, what power has he?)
With your 10 minutes a day of computer use in prison, you chose to write dumb twitter comments. Boy, you must be really bored in your cell.
When will Democrats ever stop using natural disasters to push their political agenda. Pay attention to your bribery trial, jacka$$!
Wait? Aren't you the Dem Senator indicted 4 pay per play? Yup how is the trail going? Cory Booker is worried u will spill the beans on him!
Way to politicize tragedy.
How many times do you have to get charged with crimes for cheating the American people before you stopped?
When will you wake up and 
1) quit blaming GOP?
2) stop corrupting the
   political process?
Drain the swamp
I guess being corrupt doesn't teach you that hurricanes have been around much longer than stupid Liberals screaming about Global Warming...
CLIMATE CHANGE DID NOT CAUSE HURRICANES. ITS CALLED HURRICANE SEASON! HAPPENSCEVERY YEAR! STOP WITH THE CRAP
How much money did you make off climate change?
Hmm, maybe if they were once a year and not once a decade
I believe the election last year showed that America wanted a climate change in Washington.
So is weather the same as climate or not? You leftists seem confused on this point.
I didn't realize climate change can be used as get out of jail free money. Oh that's right, it has the value of Monopoly ones. Try again.
focus on your defense for political corrruption.
So what caused the ones in the last generation and the generations before that?
The answer lies in the prison library. Let us know as soon as you settle in.
How many times do you need to be tried for corruption before you go to prison? Worry about the people, not a political agenda!
Seriously Bob, this is what's on your mind??? Denial is not just a river in Egypt
Get lost dope
You got bigger fish to fry homie 
Hum.......Columbus encountered a hurricane in the late 1400s. Stop using tragedies to self serve a political agenda.
Once in a generation? It's Cat 3or4, after 10 year hiatus for FL. @SenatorMenendez is right to be worried 4 his underage BFFS in the DR tho.
Stop the with the hoax Senator. Don't you have bigger fish to fry with your trial?
Better get all your tweets in while you can. You can't use a phone in jail.
Welcome to 1981 history
How many homeless veterans do we need before we make them a priority over illegal immigrants?
If you really do pray, pray for a nice cell mate
Didnt know you were allowed to tweet while on trial for Federal Corruption
You and your party Will NEVER control natural progression of this earth, read the Bible and stay informed, you can control corruption
Climate always changes! Educate yourself.

We just had 8 years of stuff happening and that had no effect on Irma happening.
Don't you worry, Sen. Mendacious, your jail cell will surely be well above sea level.
Clean your act up Menendez!!  Don't question our President
Tell us Menendez which burned more carbon 
those high flutin jets you played on or
the children forced into prostitution you HAD on board?
Only climate change you demons are trying to force humanity into is w/ur drugs, media & cyberspace is enslavement of us all.
U B Damned
Why don't you offer it a bribe, Bobby.
You're all fools.
Maybe you should take some of that bribe money & pay off some other politicians to buy into your bs.

If these storms happen every generation, then climate change isn't the cause.

PS: when u get 2 prison jump some1 the 1st day 2 earn respect
You said it! Once in a generation
Living off the taxpayers wasn't enough...?
#TermLimits End the Greed Ego cycle
Menendez is just pissed that the damn storm is going to wipe out his hooker supplies.
Hurricanes have been around longer than you've been on the take. One is weather the other a corrupt politician.
This tweet didn't work out too well for you did it
How many news angencies should be covering your corruption case you sir do not need to be telling lies anymore
Hurricanes/typhoons come&go every year some more than others, there's no equipment that can predict them or tell them where to go, nature
Well, if its "once in a generation" I guess we wont have to wake anybody up for quite a while BOB...Good grief.
Jail bound.
Now that's humble ....
How many bribes & payforplay "donations" will  it take before the Democrats wake up that they won't get away with them anymore?
U should be in a jump suit
Senator.. did someone bribe you to say that or did you come up with that all by yourself?
When you swear off fossil fuels, stop flying in jets, go completely on renewables, them maybe then we'll listen to you

LEADBYEXAMPLE
So what caused the problem when extreme weather happened in the 1600s To many wood fires? History shows the worlds climate has changed b4
How many times did you accept bribes from your buddy Melgen?
My understanding is you're not interested in people from your generation.
Lost jails are constructed with concrete block. You'll be safe.
Please don't use my tragedy as your distraction from the bribery trial. Lower than low scumbag. 
I don't think now is the time for you to be spokesperson for ANYTHING? @SenatorMenendez
Write me from prison! Dm me.
How's the trial going.  and how do we change Mother Nature?
What the hell are you talking about? This is why every Politician needs Mental Evaluations.
Is this the same standard of proof you would like at your corruption trial or would Common Sense dictate something more solid against you?
#ClimateChangePropheteering
#MrClimateCrisisProselytizer
How man federal indictments before they lock your goofy ass up?
Find a way that does NOT strip SPECIFICALLY America of sovereignty, borders, jobs & trillions in cash. Not playing your game, traitor.
A soon to be convicted corrupt senator from New Jersey says what?
You should be safe in your cell.
Save it for the jury.
You'd better pray the US Bureau of Prisons quit issuing powder soap...takes longer to pick up off the floor.
Are you tweeting from court?

That seems inappropriate.
...encourage corruption, placate a muderous ideology before the American Public wakes up.
How many democRATS have to break the law, take bribes, obstruct justice, intimidate citizens, protect/encourage criminals...(1/2)
Wow! Your not in jail yet? Tick tock
Don't worry. Prisons are built to withstand extreme weather. You'll be fine.
You getting kick backs for peddling global warming too?
Epsteins' Frequent Flier says what now?
Were you asking this question during the previous twelve years ... when there were no major hurricanes hitting the U.S.?
Trying to keep ppl from reading about your corruption trial?  Bye Felicia!  Enjoy your 3 hots and a cot!
senator mendez, there is a higher power in control of the climate, might be a little over your head to understand, read the bible
He can't, to hot for him to hold. Besides there are no kickbacks from God.
Ur as bad as @DWStweets ignoring ur legal troubles doesn't make them go away
Sweating? You should be. Your conviction is  impending.
How many corrupt democrats  need to go to trial to prove you are all criminals
Rob Blagojevich is looking forward to sudsing you up and injecting your climate change area!
It's called weather!!

The real question is, how many #FakeScientists must Dems buy to sell #ClimateHoax to the American people?

#FakeNews
Praying to who???? Liberals aren't Christians. Liberals are dirty, law breaking, disgusting creatures. Save your "prayers" for yourself.
#JailHim #Justice
Dude you are now a punchline.  Say no to twitter.
#ClimateCult
The DOJ has 20,000 pages of evidence against you that is going to change the Climate in your life and the Senates.
Your going to Jail.
Newsflash Menendez: It's hurricane season. Go back to your prep on how you are going to perjure yourself on the stand...
I am certain the only reason we are having such an active #AtlanticHurricane season, after 12 yr lull is bc Trump pulled out of #Paris deal!
Shouldn't you be paying attention to your criminal prosecution trial?  And how horrible of you to tie politics to a tragic storm. SAD
Ummmmm, 'Once in a generation ' means they occur about every 20-25 years, right? What part of that don't you understand?  #LeftyAhole
I would think a Senator would read up on Hurricane Cycles and realize it has nothing to do with climate change BS stop drinking the cool-aid
Seriously Bob 
The climate had been changing since the dawn of time.  You can't be serious.  I took Earth science in 8th grade, I guess no one else did?
Senator, didn't college teach you that correlation is not causation?
Silly!
How's your trial going?
They let you tweet in court?
Hey Bob, got any underage hookers I can borrow? I'm partying with some of my Democrat friends tonight.
Don't you have some bribes to take or something you really should just shut the f up and go to jail
You'll be in prison so NO worries.
Keep worrying about climate change...nothin else going on in your miserable life
Climate change has been happening since beginning of world it is a natural reoccurring phenomena and will continue
Did you bother to read your tweet? Read it again then slap yourself in the head.
You have a lot of nerve.
How much are you gonna lie and steal from the American public before you're put in JAIL?
No worries senator, most prisons are built tough, so a hurricane won't get you.
There have been hurricanes since the beginning of time the problem before is you couldn't blame the USA before time to stop your bullshit!
Where's the money at, Bob?
Maybe you should be more concerned with your corruption charges.
...especially the hot, underage ones.
0 can be w:out draining the pockets of USA. The Paris accord was not fair to we the people. Did line pockets of corporations/politicians. FO
Hey Bob, you should be worry about being called Irma in the Big House. Resign Crook.
Seems praying for the people should have come before your condescending jab!
Dope
Don't you have more important things to do, crook?

(On the bright side, maybe you could study science in prison.)
The worst recorded US Hurricane was Galveston in 1900, that's when you libs were convinced we were headed for an ice age! #CorruptDNC #Irma
Keep praying because God is in charge of the weather. Nothing we do other than prayer will change it.
Shut up. You are typical democrat. Lie cheat and steal and still think you have som credibility left. Good luck in prison.
I forget did Al Gore invent the internet first or global warming? You can change the name all you want Doesn't change the fact it's made up
Are you in jail yet?
Everyone knows solar activity causes climate change. What action do u want the gop to take against solar activity?
And I'm praying for our country because too many people consider crooks like you a leader. Don't drop the soap..
How many storms do you have to get in a month before @SenatorMenendez stops calling them "once in a generation"?
Many more of those than corrupt senators going to prison.
