Amen!
I hate to be "that guy" but does misspelling Charlottesville take away from the sincerity of the message?  He got it from Twitter trends.
And U never mis spelling or hit wrong key? Give us a break. This from liberals play make fun so others will shut up. Not working this time
Be careful with your words, Senator. It sounds like you're advocating violence from the Left.
Please include any gang or group who hides behind hate & destruction. There is No EXCUSES. ALL LIVES MATTER. FACT
I agree! However, who stood up against the BLM group with their hate agaist whites? Plus, they promoted rioting, and property damage, too.
Thank you Senator for all of your hard work and standing up for what's right in America!
I disavowed the WS & what happened-the response I got from the "left" 163 tweets calling me a nazi, racist,ect. isnt that also wrong?
Please take action to remove the psychologically impaired POTUS. Frightening to wake up each day to multiple things he's done. UNFIT
Where was all of U when BLM was killing looting robbing beating in Ferguson and much more. It was BLM who killed. More of UR lies
But your ok with BLM violence?
@Tommy8668 then WE ALL need 2 stand up 2 Trump & his administration. .cuz that's what they R BIGGOTS
wake up, slanders and his mob are worse than than any stupid tiki torch parade
Where was they in Ferguson when they was killing  looting robbing and all the other stuff. Not one word from any of them. Congressman a joke
Well, we have a President who daily breaks his oath of office...so I'm not surprised by his vile statement today!
U mean Obama he is not President anymore. Remember the plane load of tax $$$ he gave to Iran guns to isis and others?
If it doesn't belong in America why have you allowed it to live in our White House? WTF R U going to do abt this terrorism on American soil?
We need to fight #Corruption of our elected officials Bob, you are not helping anyone but yourself Hoping we get justice 4 your dirty deeds
Exactly!!
Get everything off ur chest now, cause ur going to jail soon, big boy.
How? He"ll get out he wasn't charged with first degree murder. Stop with the bullshit.  Vote this jackasses out.
Flippin through old tweets of bobbys,looking for condemnation of BLM,when they were rioting, & attacking anything white, haven't found 1 yet
Yes and let's not make a political issues out of this, the left and right, are responsible for division
Senator: We hear no Democrats commenting on Maxine Waters  calling anyone a "racist" when they don't agree with her.  Take a stand. #USA
Thank you Senator. Jersey proud.
Thank you senator.
Then what are you going to do about @realDonaldTrump ?????
your outreach director is a bigot, he reached out to bigots. is this some kind of mystery?
Charlottesville is what happens when a President passively supports racism.
bernie is a bigot. you reached out to bigots, you got them.
Our own president is bigoted bully his tweets prove that no wonder his supporters are white racists the victims blood on his hands

Illegals, Black Lives matter, antifa, sharia law has no plan in our nation but here they are.
@SenateDems it would help if our president would stand up against them
BKM brought there by Soros Hillary Obama Dems and etc. it was done to cause trouble nothing else. They should all hang there head in shame.
Thank you.
umm how many blacks africans were tortured for absolutely no reason - south african whites created their own hell
Aren't you going to jail Soon?
If you want to see an end to anti-white hatred, then help end the white supremacy movement.
Nope.
pple marching with torches and killing is not a time when "both sides" are wrong. Calm the moral equivalency down.
@SenateDems: ...maintain the rights, agreed to be sufficient [\k 240*26"13:08:17: Sun] @Jerusalem_Post @KAUST_News @NRA @G8
ANTIFA started this bullying rhetoric & violent riots. Still Dems refuse to condemn.... Today's escalation is on you
is a result of people putting to much attention on identity politics. It was bound to happen. How about we just pretend were the same color
this is the result of putting id politics on the back berner
how?
outreach director that doesnt believe in civil rights for women or black people. racists know now that both parties are reaching out to them
Shouldn't you be planning your upcoming court appearance to defend yourself against fraud charges?
Yet our president refuses to denouce them by NAME!
We need to condemn ALL bigotry -white supremacy, Antifa, BLM ---hate is hate. These are all domestic terrorists. @realDonaldTrump @potus
#BlackLivesMatter holds protests against systemic racism. They fight for justice and condemn violence. They are not a hate group.
Call for resignations of the white supremacists who serve in the Presidential office.
Neither does #ANTIFA or #BlackLivesMatter
#BlackLivesMatter started as a response to systemic racism. If you're tired of hearing about BLM, then help end white supremacy.
Reverse has become true. Whites are being consistently condemned! There is zero supremacy, only equality.
Whites are not being oppressed. Minorities are. Only those whites on the wrong side of history are being condemned.
The hell they're not...
Unfortunately, white supremacy does have a place in the base of the Republican Party.......
Nice try Freedom of tweets.  The white supremacist terrorists on display in VA were carrying MAGA signs...... they ARE trump supporters.
Yep no place anywhere. Trump does think it belongs in the WH. The cabinet needs to stand up and resign. Unless they believe women r nothing
