PR truckers on strike during a relief effort. REALLY?  so blame Trump bc supplies aren't moving. WTF
This strike is a lie, a slander, and just isn't happening.

Moreover, note the Twitter ID and its 4 digit number - suggests a farmed troll.
So if the strike is a lie please explain why the humanitarian aid PR so desperately needs or they will die is still sitting on the dock?
Read a news story from a real reporter on the ground. Drivers don't all have cars, gas, or roads to reach the docks, need help themselves.
I have seen video with cars driving by in background. I've seen images of trucks full of reporters. Don't say cars aren't moving. We have 
Literally no-one on ground says truckers are striking, and they don't necessarily live where cameras are. Stuff piles up at ports, always.
You hate unions, poor people, and/or brown people and so spread a transparently false and vile slander on no evidence.

Be a better person.
Who said I hate poor people? That would make me self loathing, and I hate those a--holes.
Leaving food, water and medical supplies on the docks for DAYS isn't doing anything for your humanity or reputation.
Hey nit wit, the union truck drivers are on strike and won't deliver aid to the people,
She's the mayor. Her drivers are on strike.  That's not a problem that has no solution when the lives of her constituents are at stake.
Yes but it's all @POTUS fault.

Go hide in shame & shut it dirt bag. #rapist
You best worry about YOUR situation, Slappy.
Bob do you think you will get at least 15 yrs?  Hope its 30.

MUST WATCH: #PuertoRican cop says " @CarmenYulinCruz isn't allowing anyone to distribute aid...its abuse, communism" https://youtu.be/5Uc1pPsKt_s 
Well look Bob -Another crook
Democrats don't care abt lives  what doing about Healthcare But they can go Mayo https://twitter.com/usaassociation/status/914539210291531776 … They are trying 2 setup @POTUS
You need to practice bending over for when you get convicted and sent to prison resign now you #lying crook
If you do end up in prison, will you do an exclusive interview with me? It would really help my blog take off. Thanks in advance!
What's the Mayor up to?
Wow, a disgraced Senator trying to talk crap to @POTUS 

Should he get a cdl and volunteer to deliver all the aid just sitting there?
Cruz has to get the PR’s tog & put them to work. US gov can help, & the PR people must clean too. Spread 1/2 truths is a dem trick.
Millions of people are going without food, water & shelter & trump berates the Mayor for trying to get help.Get off the golf course & Help!
I think you NEED to watch this before judging Trump! This mayor is CORRUPT to the bone!
Coming from this guy..
He says grow up
Think he's talking about the young girls??
And her sniping at his help, getting in front of cameras 24/7, getting fitted for nasty tee shirts, & lying about strikes, is helping how?
Not attacking, pointing out the locals haven't done much to clean up on their own. Like we in NJ did after Sandy & Houston after Harvey
Look who's Talking. 
How's that corruption case going? 
Looking for brownie points?
Just to be clear she has been withholding their supplies that The President had sent to them immediately!!! Tick tock for you
Bob go to jail and b sure to sign up as a child predator
Where is she getting all these tshirts custom made if no electricity? She is lying .
Pathetic your using a catastrophe to push your agenda..your sentence to hard labor in Puerto Rico would help
Tweets like this stir the hate that make the crazies commit their evil acts like Vegas. Stop the hate. Stop your crimes while your at it.

MUST WATCH: #PuertoRican cop says " @CarmenYulinCruz isn't allowing anyone to distribute aid...its abuse, communism" https://youtu.be/5Uc1pPsKt_s 
Trump has given them everything they need. The corrupt politicians, such as urself, is not allow the supplies to be distributed. Communist
How can PR put up with union drivers that won't drive?
Maybe not but the 105 million you helped your friend to from Medicaid might have helped Puerto Rico. Dems don't handle money well.
A man who rapes little girls defends a woman whose POLICE OFFICERS say isn't allowing aid to be distributed and refuses to meet with FEMA.
@CarmenYulinCruz should have been doing her job,  smh. The left is friggin losing it.  Thanks for helping us.  Trump 2020
You and your leaching Dem buddies are just mad the Trump sent supplies NOT cash that you crooks can steal.
Senator YOU SUCK!
You might want to have a chat with NASTY @CarmenYulinCruz to stop with the Optics!
"Lo que es 'nasty' es que se de la espalda al pueblo puertorriqueño": alcaldesa de San Juan @CarmenYulinCruz 
Attacking, she is not doing enough. Wants media attention for her agenda.
The Mayor is on the scene, Bob, and she isn't doing a damn thing but lie.
Why are you out of the country? You're on trial for all sorts of nasty, shameful things. 
Go to jail, do not collect $200
Get ready for jail you sleaze ball.The boys will care for you very well......
Don’t you have a corruption trial to worry about?
Hey Bob take your head out of your ass
Aren't you off to club feb soon!!
He will be to busy being someone's bitch in prison to tweet.
I will find out what prison he's going to. I'm sure the guys will make him feel right at home.
Be sure you post
You are a corrupt disgrace of a human-being w/ (at least) pedophilic tendancies. Hopefully, you will be moving to prison soon. No Twitter.
I hope prison keeps you quiet!
When guilty verdicts come in, Fat Bob, the sound of millions of people laughing & celebrating will be so loud you’ll hear it from ur cell.
Why are you talking & weighing in on this??? You're scum. You have a right to, but can't believe you think people want to hear from you.
the teamster of PR want $50+ to deliver supplies to the people. Fema and  red cross been there since day 1.cruz yelling people dying!!LIE!
Shut up Bob...prepare for prison
You are going to the Big House, right?
Your death rattle has become tiresome Senator. Zip it. And madam mayor, you are a tragic liar as well. You’re both toast.
What exactly would you have him do they have tons of aid sitting in their port it's up to the mayor to get it to the folks who need it
You have the right to remain silent. I'm sure you've heard this before.
Quit defending this monster of a woman. Someone should place her under arrest https://mobile.twitter.com/jojoh888/status/914477101285339136/video/1 …
Hey, senator...how is the trial going?
You giving all that money you stole to Puerto Rico victims? Nah, didn't think so.
I don't see your sorry fat butt out there shut up and go help if your that concerned
Senator, are you still out on bail? How’s the trial going?  I mean your credibility just isn’t there.
You have no business commenting
How many underage girls did you and Salomon Melgen molest in the Dominican Republic?
Get all the misguided hate out of your system while you can - won’t be able to once you’re spending all day/every day in a cell.
Love when 2 corrupt & inept politicians are on the same post lying. We read abt the lack of storm prep & current progress in #PuertoRico.
Stop deflecting on your corruption stealing MC funds, pay for play, taking advantage of underage girls
Mr Menendez you should not be criticizing anyone. Not right after all that is being revealed now in ur Trial.
Are you in jail yet
No need to worry, you'll be in the safe confines of prison soon.
I miss the days when elected USGovt showed public respect for our Commander in Chief #POTUS. It's not your job to scold the US President!
Democrats and the Union push and money can take credit for this. Get those Truck drivers back to work. And YOU can shut it...go to court.
Save your comments and your energy for your appeal.
Coming from a Pedo? How very dare YOU!
Excuse me? Who are you to criticize anyone? Shouldn't you be in court or something right now?
I don’t trust the rantings of a sex criminal and embezzler.
Maybe you should have waited until your underaged victims grew up?
Then do your dam job and start fixing this crap@senatormenendez
Aren't there some hotties you need to bed down?
Are you getting ready to go to jail Bob ?
Just go and get sized for your prison uniform already!
Lmao shouldnt you be getting ready for jail.
Hmmh seems like you would be worrying about jail time not Trumps tweets. Did you accept a bribe from Carmen YulinCruz too.......
Quit bashing on Trump and worry about yourself going to prison , spending time with your family would be a good start. #PublicCorruption
Carmen Cruz is getting the union drivers in PR to strike & not deliver food & water which r sitting in PR. Hopefully she will be arrested
Bob, are you using a human tragedy to try to cover up for the fact that you used your office to personally enrich yourself?

Considering she was lying about it AND making it an issue to bring attn to HERSELF says a lot and we know about you! SMH
#Rapist
Coming from you Wow this is priceless
Why would anyone listen to you, your on your way out, say hello to Blago.
Maybe when you're in prison, we'll send you down for a working group.
no one care what you think crook
You grow up and go to jail.
you are a criminal, hope you go to jail where you will be treated just like those girls
Don't you have your own issues to worry about.
Bob don’t bend over in the shower jail!  Just an FYI.
How is your trial going?
STFU you criminal. Jersey despises you.
You Dems have to politicize everything. The President response has been excellent. Why don't you try to be part of the solution?
Further proving democrats have no shame. This person on trial for corruption.
U r telling our President to grow up?! Maybe u shld  grow up and stop taking bribes.
You shouldn’t be making any comments. Your going to be locked up soon.
Come back to Trenton so you can go to jail!
You should've let those little girls grow up senator.
Odd words coming from a person currently on trial for screwing the people of N.J.
Well said Larry.
Sticking up for your fellow corrupt mayor of San Juan Bob, no one believes your BS, you are a disgrace... resign now

Clinton gang also helped out FALN terrorists.  Also ask @RepGutierrez about his FALN terrorist ties. https://twitter.com/NewtTrump/status/914157550680997889 …
Bob just worry about doing sphincter clenching exercises.  You'll be a woman soon.
Senator, for the good of the country....
Resign.

#uselessleftists
Don't u have some comely lasses to get visas for?
#Menendez is in NO place to be criticizing ANYONE. #Relief efforts sent by @realDonaldTrump have been EXCELLENT!
The so called Mayor of San Juan is playing politics & lying! FEMA says SHE is the only Mayor not pitching it, hasn’t even been 2 field ofc!
Says the man who lost credibility when he was indicted
Deflect much, #Menendez ? Truth is out, & @POTUS has been doing a GREAT job for #PuertoRicans on his end.
Better tweet all you can before you do about 20 years behind bars and that is where you belong. Now go on to trial.
Aren't you in jail? No? Oh, not yet. Got it.
I sure don't see you axx  helping out in OR. Action speaks volumes compared to rhetoric.
Dear Senator: shouldn't you be working with someone who will give you tips on how to survive in prison?
You were saying...?
Just two Dem criminals...one on trial, one will be...nothing more...
Should you be speaking about anything at all? You have no credibility left.
Bob, maybe worry about going to jail instead of tweeting.
You should ask for a cell with a window so you can watch Potus #Maga. Enjoy the view from your jail cell
And you chester molester have any credibility to speak!
Oh this is so rich! Diversion tactics from a senator on trial at this very moment for corruption?Dems have become so transparent as of late!

You are a disgrace individual.
Go to jail.
Enjoy prison
You are a criminal, Bob. You are going to prison for greed. Delusion and fact are complete opposites, #ResignNow
If  @CarmenYulinCruz really cared about PR Peoples

She should've showed up to FEMA meetings

INSTEAD... She had T-Shirts and Hats made....
I bet you feel stupid now
Aren't you going to prison for corruption, fraud, charges?
Aren’t you in prison yet?? Where are your Brazilian hookers??
Hey aren't you on trial?  Maybe you should explain why you robbed Medicare of $150 million.
Tick Tock your freedom is going away. #crooked
#factsdontliedemocratsdo
YOUR VOICE DONT MATTER. YOU ARE CRIMINAL
Your voice no longer counts. You are a criminal and a traitor. You will be locked up soon. #CrookedMenendez #MAGA
Bob, you just need to worry about your corruption… Let our president worry about the rest.
Hey, @SenatorMendendez, I wish the girls you raped could "grow up" and lead normal lives, you fucking pedophile.
Go to Jail already you Corrupt political hack. How you got Something to say when you Both playing for team Soros?
Political comments from a criminal & crony of thieves of Medicare is simply unwarranted. You would be better of remaining silent

Don't worry about @POTUS just worry about what prison your headed too


YOU should worry about instead. Don't bend over in shower. Cell mate always serviced by newbie. Front teeth knocked out RESISTANCE IS FUTILE
Maybe you should direct your comment to the mayor who is creating chaos and doing nothing to help her people by coordinating with FEMA
Shouldn’t you be packing a bag for your prison term?
Neither does being a corrupt politician, Senator, with all due respect. Getting visas for your rich friend's trysts isn't doing crap, Bob.
You're going to prison, Senator.

So u blame Trump for hurricanes now? Better tend to your own lousy business.
So says the criminal Democrat! What have u done for the PR except tweet nasties!
Bob, resign.
Carmen, maybe your bomb making terrorist pal Oscar will help you out.  After all, "he fought the good fight."
You realize she attacked him first, right? So she has time to attack the president while she's supposedly busy trying to fix this?
