@watchyourRepsNJ Yes, thank you Senator Menendez from this NJ voter!
Are people looking at who should be the special prosecutor? #BePrepared
Don't you have a corruption case to worry about?
this Flynn  case is a priority overall matters we need to know the truth
about the illegal activities of the NSA??? I agree. @SenatorMenendez
If you didn't know Gen Flynt was a civilian and no permission applied.
.@SenatorMenendez what can you do to help ensure this happens? A concerned constituent wants to know.
Attempt? Attempt? Cmon Senator grow a pair & call it what it is cause there is far more than an attempt.
thanks god we still have our legislature and our judicial system whose powers we trust, god bless D USA
pack sand. #hack #notmysenator
absolutely.  This has needed an independent investigation for months.  The time is now.
please do whatever it takes to make this happen!
Thank you! So true! What did he know and when did he know it? #FlynnResignation
Absolutely! Thanks from Montclair NJ
Time to investigate how much money you take from the pharmaceuticals and other crooks
Yes! Inexcusable that the White House did nothing with the intelligence they received on Flynn until it was leaked.
ur an idiot
as soon as Clinton Foundation investigation is completed
she's not our president
Oh laws only apply to presidents?
Yes! Can you explain what you're doing to push for this investigation, please? Thank you!
Remember when the Obama Administration was investigating HRC?  Didn't hear you whining then....  HYPOCRITE!!!
Please make this happen!
#withholdconsent demand Ind Committee w/ subpoena power to investigate 2016 election Russia-Trump ties & get tax returns!
How do these recent events not qualify as grounds for impeachment, if not treason?
Thank you Senator
great idea, it's time to get out of these mess
what?
we're with you!  So proud you're my senator.
Yes!
Push this.  All day, all day
Will you call for an investigation into decades-long relationship with many @HouseDemocrats and Cuba and Castro?
for WHAT?!
agreed!
absolutely correct! Special prosecutors for Trump, and Clinton!
also find out who leaked it that's what I'd like to know what was said and who leaked it
keep pushing for this, Senator Menendez! And thank you
We need to investigate the Russian connections. Not only are our nation's safety and security but our freedom is at stake.
Perhaps they should use the same folks who are investigating you Senator?
Yes.  How do we make this happen?
Why are all R senators running away...Like rats at high ties from an investigation
Yes! Thank you.
Yes, of course: clearly. Did Flynn act alone? Why did he lie? Who did he tell in WH & did WH act, or not act? @RepLoBiondo
Yes! This NJ voter agrees. Please push for this.
thank you for listening to your constituents Senator!!  I called you today to express just that.
YES!!
Yes. Push for it!
A Resounding yes. Absolutely.
what did trump know & when did he know it & why did Flynn continue to sit in on briefings after DOJ warning? #ImpeachTrump
Sorry to cross @GOP lines, but you are 100% right.
Do your Job get on them find the truth and don't let Crazy Diversion get in your way
please keep pressing for this to be done.
Who selects an independent investigator?
ABSOLUTELY!
