Here's newsreel footage of LBJ & me at signing. Don't remember what I said, but Lord knows I've still got that pen.
The gavel I used to pass Medicare bears the signatures of fellow architects of the bill. I dusted it off & used it again when we passed ACA.
This block of wood helped create Medicare, Medicaid, ACA, expended care for millions and patient rights & protections we'd never had before.
My friend John Stewart even used it to crack some walnuts on @TheDailyShow years back.
Since the ACA became law I've only offered it to my Republican friends.

Use it for good.

Use it to improve the ACA.

Use it to save lives.
Though they haven't yet taken me up on it for nearly a decade, the offer still stands. You know where to find me.
Thank u. Great men did a lot of good work.
Thank you for you part in the passage of Medicare. It has helped a lot of people 
Medicare is crap, its administration assures med fraud by caregivers annually in millions of dollars while u deprive elderly of decent care~
Thank you!
Thank you, sir, for your service.
Medicare set up a system 4 providers 2 bilk the govt of millions and deprive the elderly of even minimal care, while u claim it works great~
That's far to long to be on politics
A great accomplishment, Rep. Dingell.
For the sake of civilisation, thank you.
And what was the excuse you & Congress gave 2 deprive millions of elderly Americans of all care above the neck & force this crap on us all?
Thank you, sir!! 
Well thank you Dingell !

At 71 on Medicare my supplemental insurance
has risen from a $153 to $370 a month.

Swalwell doesn't give a s***!
Thank you!
Now time for #MedicareforALL
And the #gop @gop is still pissed about it. #Medicare

#TheResistance #tRUMPrussia #Indivisible #TaxReturns #Mueller #SinglePayer
And your wife keeps up the good fight for us to this day!
@SudySAS  Thank you!!!
Thank you!
Wow! Thank you.

Thank you.
Medicare one of the greatest social programs just as Obamacare will be because Healthcare is a right not a privilege ROS
Thankful for your service to our country! 
As one who is greatful, thank you.
Hitting home in the gut how deciteful this MENDACITY is
You are a great man. A real humanist
Thank you!
It's not the haircut, or the suit or tie... it's the glasses.  We miss you much J. D.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart! 
Awwww so sweet of you
May you be blessed until the universe ceases to exist.
Thank you!
Thank you, sir!  It made a world of difference to my parents.
Thank you, @JohnDingell. Your hard work to offer a better future for America is much appreciated and never forgotten.
I thank you sir it has helped me live independently n healthy
Sir, you looked like a nerd.
Thank you!
Are you Dwight Shrute's grandfather?
Thank you, sir!
Thank you! I work with Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries every day, so I know what good these programs do!
Thank You Sir  for your compassion .
On behalf of my mother, thank you.
Life is what we make it Give praise to the protestors that risked going to jail over the @GOP healthcare bill #HealthCareVote #Resistance
Thank you Mr. Dingell!
Thank you
Thank you! Thank you, for all those who are better off today, because of what you believed in and did.
Thank you Mr. Dingell from all of us that are helped by Medicare today.
GOP THUGS have been trying to drown it ever since
And you say it's unsustainable, while you give millions Medicaid free healthcare!  You are liars.
So help us all!
Thank you for your good works.
Thank you for your service to the American people and dedication to helping those in need.
Thank you John Dingell, I can't wait to sign up.
#medicare4all
Thank you!
Thank you 
Did anyone call Medicare JohnsonCare?
Wish you were still there!
Wish you would've ran for president. You would've gotten my vote.
Medicare has morphed into a bloated entitlement program that will bankrupt the federal govt. It should return to its original scale.
Chief, I was offline yesterday. Sorry I missed this. You are, were, and will always be the greatest.
Thank you!
Amen
Thank you, @johnDingel
Thank you for your service to this country sir.
Thank you sir for your service!
You led the way John Dingell
Thank you.  I remember how my grandfathers died a few years before that because there wasn't any thought of doing even a little bit more.
Deepest thanks to you and your colleagues today and always, for the lives you've helped and saved thru this legislation!
As a disabled person, thank you from the bottom of my heart
Thank you for all you have done! I saw you speak with SIEU a number of years ago (with suspenders on) I heart you!
Thank you for looking out for our most vulnerable citizens.
@vtdiva49 & bless u John !! 
I remember!  Martha Heavenrich from Detroit
Thank You sir. Medicare paid for many of my dad's expenses which allowed us to stay solvent and productive.
52 years and counting thanks to 2 brave women who refused to be bullied and a maverick POW and brain cancer survivor.
#THANK YOU SIR
May God bless your heart. Thank you.
TY
Thank you!
Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you for your service!
Thank you, kind Sir!  You make us proud. Something rarely said of those who work in D.C. anymore, unfortunately.
Thank you @JohnDingell for you life of public service.
Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you sir!
medicare & current costs make it necessary to carry a 2ndary at for my Moms age $275/mo.  which is 17% of her fixed income.
That means you have been in office far too long.  Thank you for your service.
You're a hero!
Can't imagine any Medicare recipient who isn't appreciative. I know I am.  Thank you.
A great day indeed 
If Congress works sanely they will lower the age for Medicare to 55 to remove much of pre-existing condition pressure from the HC market.
Thank you, sir. It was one of America's greatest moments. Of course, great bills were passed in the '60s: CivRts & Voting Rts Acts, too.
And I thank you from the bottom of my heart. With Medicare & supplemental ins we never see a bill for my husband's ills
Thank you

Tens of millions owe you their thanks
Thank you. I am incredibly grateful for the care my mother had in her last days, all covered by Medicare
You don't look a day older

(SHH YOU GUYS NOBODY TELL HIM)
Yep and we work our whole lives and pay into it and still have to pay a premium and get denied medications we need
You sir, are truly an American treasure!
@Russvent Geoff Schwegert?
@geoffreysdesign whoa
It’s uncanny
Your service changed the face of America. Your wisdom and compassion saved countless lives & improved the quality of life for millions.
We could use you today when Washington is awash in selfishness, treason, and disregard for those in need.
I well remember the glory days of a Congress populated by people of stature, integrity, intelligence, wisdom. I can only weep at its loss.
Thank you. Medicare makes my retirement possible.
Thank you sir.
GREAT PICTURE LOVE IT. YOU STILL LOOK YOUNG, HANDSOME.
Thanks for your thoughtful service and efforts to our nation John. 
Thank you for the part you played in that momentous occasion.
Thank you.
Thank you, sir! You've saved countless lives and improved the quality of life of every American citizen. Glad for opportunity to honor you!
I remember this, my grandparents were nearing Medicare age at the time. Thank you for forward thinking & thanks to your wife for carrying on
This is all fine and good for sure.  However, the price of that care (all healthcare) needs to come down. Work on that effort is naught.
Thank you!  Love the history. We are very grateful.
Not trump chump he is a big ASS Hole
Not ironic at all. Historically poetic justice.
Also: Immediate, lasting response by corporations, to exploit and discredit free health care
I was an RN in a SoCalif. surgery dept then and the surgeons went out on strike. Thank you for your service to us all.
I went to bed last night thinking I was going to wake up to a death sentence. I'm a civilian diagnosed w/PTSD. Medicaid is a lifeline for me
Thank you for this.  My parents are proud recipients of what you presided over. They are 87 and 84.
This was after the name change from John Jacob Dingleheimmer Shmidt, right?
Thanks
Karma.
boy, age did a number on you john, look at that handsome fellow! lol great career, cheers!
Thank you and all who helped 
Thank you, John Dingell!
When will it stopped being called an entitlement?  It was taken out of my check, no other way.  I earned this!!  Makes me ill...
Thank you!
I hope it's still there when I turn 'of age' next summer!
I was 15 years old then, and I'm on Medicare now. Thank you for my peace of mind.
And 52 years later, now that I'm a Medicare recipient, I thank you.

Thank you and your nerd glasses, sir!
Look at that hair!
Parkland, where I work, has signed copy on display. #ParklandProud
Hero!!!
Thank you, sir. I turned 65 this year. Medicare is a great plan. We should have Medicare for all citizens. My 90 year mama thanks you too.
Well done sir. My sincere regards, GA
This is a Maverick...
Wow! Would love to hear your story. This is true leadership America.
Thank you Rep. Dingell. America needs more great folks like you these days
Thank you . I was in my 20's then and now at 70, having the use of this insurance . May God bless you and your family
20's, ha, I just graduated high school 5/65. I was 18 then , getting ready to study nursing .
You make us SO PROUD of Michigan, Sir! Now come home and be Governor!!
Now that's an American hero!
But not the people who leach off the system or the illegals!
Thank you!
Thank you for all that you did in the House
Thank you for your lasting (we hope) legacy.
Thank you for serving America; May public servants return to government before America is gone for good.
You're a great man, Congressman Dingell.
You made so many American lives better, John. Thank you.
Don't feel quite in the twilight yet, but thanks for the Medicare!
hundreds of millions have benefited from this act of humanity today's GOP is shameful
TY for all you have done for us, sir. You are truly missed.
And we are thankful for it! It just works!
Hero!
Thank you !!
STUD!
Thank you so much. It prolonged my grandmother's life and now I depend on it
From the standpoint of enrollees like my wife and me, it works essentially perfectly.
Thank you for your service to our country & your home state! Thank you for helping to create Medicare!
 Thank you!
thankyou sir. Truly appreciate it.
Thank you sir!!
Bless you Sir
Thank you sir for the vision you had and your belief in caring for the citizens, during your tenure in the House.
And this country is so fucked
wow. Thank-you. God Bless you.
Thank you, from a grateful America!
Thank you sir and God Bless.
Thank you, sir!
Thank you for the millions of lives you saved or made better because of it.
Thanks for your long service Sir.
Thanks  Mr  dingle! !!
THANK YOU. Can you help get it for all? The system works, thank you.
Thank you sir
Thank you!!!
the GOAT
LBJ signed up the first recipients of Medicare, President Harry and Bess Truman. Harry had been fighting for it since 1947. @WhitfordBradley
Maybe we should stop wasting time and just go single payer for all
Go find the votes, guy. I'll be right here when you do.
Thank you
We will be fighting again if Ryan has his way.
Thank you !
Thank you sir for making many Americans' lives a little easier. That is true patriotism.
Also there for people who became disabled, like me, way too young.
Thank you for this & all your work sir.
I complained about the premiums coming out of my check until I got a horrible disease in my 30's & Medicare was there. Thank you Mr Dingell.

Many of us want to see that promise kept for decades to come.  GOP would like to gut that as well I am sure. TY
