We need to hear from medical experts, patient groups, and insurance companies on what impact the @SenateGOP #healthcare bill will have.
Yes, let everyone in on your canadians!
#Resist #TheResistance
Shenanigans!!!
It's for the murder of 22 million innocent none partisan sick Americans for a tax cut for the richest of the rich! This is pure evil!
Ending insurance to 22M doesn't equal murder. More like~20,000/yr. But that's just additional deaths, not other devastating outcomes.
People die because of it. 
People Die= Murder
Totally agree, but if you're going to use supporting figures, credibility requires some amt of accuracy.
That's where this whole thing falls apart! Death cannot be accurately foretold unless we're in on it! Suffice to say that many will die!
Agreed. Can't realistically put a figure on it (but not 100% of course.)
It's not about health care, damn it! It's about murdering 22 million innocent sick Americans for a tax cut for the top 1%ers of the rich!
Democrats are for Jobs, new clean energy technology, Health care " Single Payer " women and civil rights for all, and infrastructure Jobs!
@RubenVega1941 when did that happen? Not in my lifetime of 66 years. @lying dems @unamerican
I double-dog-dare @POTUS to have a 30-45 min public meeting with Congress to explain the bill & answer questions, like @POTUS44 did.
Trump is not an American! He's in there for what he can get for himself and for his brood of Devils! This goes back 3 generations of crooks!
Real estate is all Trump's interested in! Putin's offered Trump something he couldn't have! The United States of America! Try it suckers!!
Senate Democrats will not vote for anything proposed by the GOP. Cannot wait until 2018 when GOP will have 60+ votes then let them Resist
Not going to happen. Your batshit crazy Twitter loving @POTUS is making sure of that, LOL! 
Just like he would not win election and the Democrats were going to win back the Senate. Look at elections since 2010 and GOP dominates
#dems #rep #gop #healthcare have failed the people
How about let's see something proposed for you nutjobs?
They won't hold public hearings because they are chicken sh-t
Can't wait for those hearings to be scheduled.  Issue impacting 1/5 of economy deserves as much!
Start reading tweets!!!!! Remember when fax machines no one wanted to use it. Now its Twitter. Time to use it read what people want and act
How about you do something for mid America besides obstruct. Tired of your crap! Obstruct, Russia, what about our taxes? What about Jobs?
How about you guys come up w an alternative plan-please don't just be "against" tell us what u r 4
Buffoon doesn't want that nor do republicans
No, it appears they are now going to throw us all under the bus because they can't get the bill "that doesn't insure anyone anyway" passed.
Let's debate O-care failings first
X 20 million unisured Americans
X Hi deductibles = no healthcare
X Rising premiums
Then a Special Investigation by your lawyers, followed by a March on Washington, closing out with burning of a couple @gop offices!
Hey You No Policy #Resist #Morons are YOU against #BuyAmerican #MadeInAmerica #HireAmerican then just #Resign !!
What about making sure that voting machines that has been compromised be changed. Trump and the Republicans are still benefitting
You mean like when you did as you rammed Obamacare down our collective throats?
You resented having no input, why repeat the error? Because this isn't about health care. It's  revenge. Shame on you and your cause.
How can they screw us when Obamacare has already raped us?
How about you listen to what Americans are saying now! @SenateGop @obamacaresucks
So you can ridicule and bloviate in front an empty chamber!
Demand public hearing.
You've had enough time and messed healthcare up. Now hush
Once you debate O-care failings then discuss how the Rep plans fixes it.
Like you did with Obamacare???? Your hypocrisy is patht
You work for the American people not the other way around!
Why do anything most Americans would like? Mitch wants everything done in secret because their plan sucks
Yes clear and simple
Great, if only the public (not demoncrats) are there
All Senate Democrats will be voted out in 2018
You do that let me know how it works out for you
You mean we don't need to "pass it to see what's in it?"
The delay is to untuck McConnell's chin from his lip! Requires a pit crew and the jaws of life.  #GOPleaseStop #Dubnation
Did you hold any public hearing when you rammed Obamacare down our throats
Or how's about working with GOP to make a bill that works for all americans? Seriously were sick of your obstruction.
No guts for that.
Everyone should see this ...  Exactly correct on our corrupt main stream political power base,   https://www.facebook.com/ElectTrump2020/videos/899865710162867/ …
How about making more noise on TV?  Not just about Russia, but about the people you represent.
ACA = 1 yr +  79 House hearings, 181 witnesses, 100 hours, 239 amends. considered.  Senate - 25 consq. days hearings.
Good.  How about working with democrats to come up with a better plan that helps not hurts people
Vote Yes
Not going to happen, maybe  a media event of Democrat senators, congresspeople, a democratic audience.Doctors, nurses, patients on stage.
how bout listen to me! I told u all, fine drug companys 1million per person when a bad drug is found,&fix fda - I almost died from bad drugs
How about using this time to get nominees approved?
Would it matter? The people at home see what's up. Dems. created the mess now obstruct to fix it but act like they want too. We see you!
How about you guys stop stalling like a bunch of whiney babies. Youre the reason for the delay.
you want the majority or majority back? DO SOMETHING! Actually DO SOMETHING! stop obstruction. stop complaining. the voters are watching!
Just like the Democrats did with Obamacare!  Oh wait, I may be mistaken!
Barack Obama was able to publicly answer questions about the ACA & met with the GOP at their retreat.
Lying is not answering question.
How about doing nothing and letting ObamaCare die so my premiums will go down.
yes, let's have some transparency
New poll says 52% think Dems are all about Trump opposition. We need a positive economic message for taking back the House.
They know further debate will just expose their malice even further. Cowards.
Yeah that will never happen. They don't like it when people confront them with their BS.
Excellent so we can c hw many ways Sen GOP is killing us
New plan, Dems -
It won't happen, because they are all cowards, and afraid of facing their constituents! VOTE NO on this Pathetic Healthcare Bill!
There's been a public hearing.
That's why the @GOP is in charge of Congress & the Presidency.
Of course, they still didn't repeal ACA, yet
Ppl give to a charity. When the govt takes money fm one person as a tax & gives it to another one, That is income redistribution...Socialism
Right after we get the COB score!
#DoNothingGOP
Obama didn't cover millions of people you sentenced them to death!!!
by that, do you refer to the vast majority not selected yet?
HOW ABOUT EXPLAINING THIS BRAKING NEWS. http://donaldtrumppotus45.com/.../well-wellwell-look-what-was-just-discovered- …...
please, try to stay on topic.
AND WHAT TOPIC WOULD THAT BE
Healthcare/BCRA.
SO ASK YOUR SENATOR AND REPS. WHAT THEY PAY FOR THERE HEALTH CARE.  IT IS A BIG FAT  0   , ALSO PAY O TAXES ON SALARY'S. HOW COME
This thread is a hot mess. Peace. And BTW, please stop with the all-caps.
I actually agree with this.
like the dems did before obamacare? no wait, thay never happened. #hypocrisy
We need to expand Medicare and Medicaid NOW.
This bickering is wasting valuable time.
#SaveOurCare
Yes, or stop & rewrite; this fake & T-DoesntCare bill can't proceed. It punishes low-income & preexisting conds. & bens wealthy w/tax breaks
#GOP listen to people they are obviously not representing? 
They know most of the country opposes #BCRA ,yet only a handful hold out.
on obama and hillary sure do that
I do not like #ACA, but this is a fair point. Public hearings are important.
just get out of health care.
They are afraid to face the public and hear the truth
why do liberals can  be disruptive  and nothing gets heard
They are literally doing everything, except The People's business.
Republicans are afraid to go home to theirs constituents
Post the bill so we can read it
The LAST thing Repubs want is public hearings or public comment. They just want to push it thru for their base & the rich
They are scared of the people
sounds like a good plan, to bad the republicans won't do it
