Do yourself a favor and keep your tweets to yourself until you're cleared of corruption charges.
Yep
Enjoying the trial?
Dude you got balls!
Not much for smarts but you got balls
Shouldn't you resign for being on trial for bribery?
Speaking of disaster, how's the trial going?
Just think, if you weren't so busy helping criminal friends commit fraud & steal millions from USA, you would of had time to help PR! #tcot
Did governor ask for declaration? That's the process.
Shouldn't you be in prison?
Typical Dumbocrat. 

signed: a pissed off New Jersey voter.
Are you 100% sorry for all the bribes and teen hookers?

Three-star general in charge of military response: DoD has not sent enough troops and vehicles to Puerto Rico. http://thehill.com/policy/defense/353137-not-enough-troops-equipment-in-puerto-rico-says-general-in-charge-of-relief …
Hey senator be sure to save your salad dressing from dinner... you'll find out
I hope you and your currupt cronies go to jail. You are such a loser.
I wonder what pictures the criminal Senator is so intent to look at before landing for his pure publicity stunt in PR. I bet we all know!
What a tweet!  You really are corrupt.
You really need to sit down and shut up. As Hillary will tell you crooks have nothing to say in this country!  #LockMenendezUp
Trial for Corruption have a recess?
Did the eye doc pay for that flight? maybe bring some underage trim along for the ride?
So do you!  You're late to the party Bob!
The inaccuracy of your statement is sad. Is it your stupidity or dishonesty showing?
How many prostitutes went with you on the trip?
Thanks, "defendant."
Prhaps it's best to keep your mouth shut
Wait. Should you be worried about your 8×8 jail cell? Are you taking kickbacks from OR also?

You are going to miss Twitter in prison.
Do you like young boys?
Hi
Still flying private. Haven’t you learned?
Guilty verdict coming to you
Don’t drop the soap
Have you no shame?  Oh never mind you’re a DEMOCRAT on trial for corruption.  Carry on!
Maybe you can get your "donor" to send a couple private jets worth of aid down there.
Did you skip bail?
I bet your establishment buddies are in chaos knowing you are on trial and will expose them when you go down for your crimes
less than half is occupied, maybe that’s why?
Just go to Jail! 
How does a Dem on trial for corruption/paying for teen prostitutes get helicopter tours? Who paid for that?
People living in glass houses should not be throwing stones. Did you forget what you are guilty of, eh?
You're going for helicopter ride, buddy. 
As a TAXPAYER, why are YOU (a senator from NEW JERSEY) using MY $ to take a trip to PR? YOU have ZERO business being there!
#CorruptionTrial
Are you talking? Really? Focus on how you will spend your time in prison.
Boy do you have some nerve, did you use taxpayers money??
BTW you are lying. @POTUS declared PR a disaster area on 9/10/17 for #Irma. Truth is a new declaration isn't needed:
https://www.fema.gov/news-release/2017/09/10/president-donald-j-trump-approves-major-disaster-declaration-puerto-rico …
Getting down there close to your old hang-out #OrgyIsland?
Back when you & buddy #JeffreyEpstein practiced pedophilia?
Girls as young as 12?
Don't you have a trial to worry about?
do they let you tweet in prison?  asking for a friend
Will the Mayor of San Juan be calling for your release from prison? Might help if you paint a picture of her or is she too old for you?
You are about to go to jail, WTF are you wasting NJ taxpayer funds flying around in a helicopter in PR?
Mental issues on full display.
Don't you have a jail to visit or something?
2)  on 2nd thought, go right ahead, keep on advertising how moronic Leftists (ie Democrats) truly are! Put blame on PR first!
Sen RM, you might want to keep your mouth shut! Leftists (ie Democrats) don't need another lying criminal speaking out! 1st ... 1)
Arrogance b4 a fall
Did you have sex with underage girls in Puerto Rico like you did in the Dominican Republic? Let us know. #kthanks
Did you fly down there on one of those paid for private jet trips?
lol don't you have a trial to attend?
How many days until you are in prison??
Lol enjoying your last bit of freedom corruption boy? Soon your ass will be the flavor of the month in some upscale prison.
Should you not be in a jail cell?
Shouldn't you be packing your bag, soap on a rope and flip-flops, for your taxpayers vacation to the big house?
Seems like your life is in chaos.. How's your corruption trial going?
says the corrupt Senator that is soon going to be in a federal prison for 20 years.
Looks like all the Dem senators are sticking to the script, even those about to wear orange for helping steal $100M in Medicare money.
On your next court recess, read Twitter for a while.
Truckers union halting deliveries of relief supplies to desperate survivors
Crook

You are only more corrupt than about half of democrats. Enjoy prison.
Nice you took time from your trial about stealing our money to tweet this
You are headed to the Big House for corruption. Shouldn't you be working on your push-ups instead of spreading lies on the interwebs?
Corruption trial going that well you can talk crap? Haha! He irony...
Hey pervert no one cares of your opinion. You blew your chance 2 act like an adult,while you were busy hanging with teenage girls.
Can't wait to watch you do the perp walk, you traitor.
You lie.  And you're a criminal.
Well said coming from a slimy crook!
This filthy rotten criminal must be their to rob somebody ,Right Bobby ?
#EnjoyPrison 
Shut up Menendez!
Aren't you on trial for corruption?
Dude your corrupt! Let it go

I wouldnt be doing to much trash talking if I  was you. Glass houses and all. Bubbye future inmate
You'd do very well in Puerto Rico politics. Job require proven track record of corruption, embezzlement, lying & deception.
Senator you and the rest of the liberal left are a 100% disaster Live reality not your childish games
Another hater lying. Why do ya'll do that?
http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/353238-a-look-back-at-trumps-response-to-the-humanitarian-crisis-in-puerto … This report says DT did declare Puerto Rico a disaster area--not part of it.
Calling White Supremacy!! Puerto Rico needs you!!
We  President Trump
What penal institution would u prefer?
Latest PR stunt to shift the focus away from the fact Menendez is on trail for serious bribery and corruption scandals.
Have you hit 20 counts of bribery yet?
How's that trial for corruption goin? Next you'll be on trial for your flat out lies and virtue signaling. Get your ass on the ground n help
You sir are 100% corrupt like your pal Hillary!
"Look at me helping and forget about my corruption."
Baby raping Bob is on the side of other baby rapers. 
They distract us with lies because, they want to keep on raping babies.
You should probably concentrate your efforts on prison reform.
And you are 100% guilty.
Surely your time would be better served consulting with your legal team for Ur ongoing corruption trial. Bashing POTUS isn’t going to help U
HE CARES, you guys. He super-duper really cares about The People. Thus the bribery.

Don't you have a corruption hearing to attend? Get out of my feed.
Keep quiet you crook.
Flying con-air?
Resign
You mean he missed a tiny spot? D'oh!
Can you say... Entitlement?
Meanwhile you point fingers, why don't you step up and assist PR? They need truck drivers ASAP to distribute food and medical supplies.
Stay focused or is that too difficult with the CORRUPTION TRIAL.#resignnow .
If only Democrat Bob Menendez had flown to the Caribbean to help Puerto Rico instead of help himself to underage girls
Amazing truly Amazing no shame at all.

Maybe you should sit this one out, pervy...
"Chaos" stop it. Help is and has been there. But hey the mayor has time/resources to have shirts/hats made for media appearances #PuertoRico
You gave Iran 150 billion for their infrastructure. Blame yourself for not making Americans a priority then.
This is the least of your worries bobby.
You remind me of Bush & Katrina w/ your photo
Aren’t you on trial for corruption?
Don't you have a court date to attend to? #CorruptMenendez
Corrupt politicians have no credibility
Shouldn't you be practicing full body cavity searches?
Aren't you in jail yet?
We need more honest, hardworking people like you in the government. Oh wait you're on TRIAL for corruption. Look in mirror much?
Stop being corrupt douchebag.
You have other things to worry about. Stop with the fakeness
Hope you are in jail soon
Can that helicopter land at the nearest Federal Penitentiary?
This is the perfect time for a bunch of Dems to swoop in and snatch a bunch of pretend orphans to rape and kill

Lighten up n stop the pol BS. even the gov of PR is praising the pres response.
GO to jail.  Do not pass go.  How about the mess Puerto Rico was BEFORE the hurricane?  Not our job to fix it all.  Now shut up1 !
Why no pics of you on Melgen’s private jet? #corrupt #resign
You belong in jail with Hillary.
Are you joking?  Enjoy prison. You embarrass nj
Says the dirtbag who's about to go to jail for corruption!
Aren't you under investigation for deep corruption and selling your soul to the devil?
Did you actually just stick your nose in this?? Fraud.
Shouldn't you resign for being on trial for bribery?
How's that trial going?
Puerto Rico mafia are lawless thugs hijacking relief supplies no amount of declaring will stop these thieves from attacking TRUMP
Instead of taking you on sightseeing tour around Puerto Rico, maybe the helicopter could take supplies...
Hahahahaha the guy on trial for helping steal how much from Medicare? Wow
Why aren't you in jail?!?!
You are nothing but a crook.
Umm, you should just stay focused on your corruption trial. You’re in big trouble.
You're on trial for corruption and Pay To Play. What right do you have to criticize anyone?
UR kidding right? This is your top priority? Shouldn't it b only talk through your lawyer for now? Sheesh! libs are to the death jackasses.
Shut up until you know the facts!
Thank you, Senator!
I bet that house arrest ankle bracelet is going nuts
Ray Nagin was convicted on 20 of 21 counts. Penniless, in prison. Next up; Menendez
Helps been there.....it's an island! Ain't no mystery storms hit,they should have upgraded infrastructure decades ago!
She is the Ray Nagin of PR. Clueless couldn’t move those pallets that don’t exist. It’s DCs job to move em 5 miles
You flying with that embezzlement money
Trivia: what % of Natl Guard has PR called out in nine days? 50%!
Please. He acts not talks. You, take bribes

How very interesting.
Whites have to go help the weak brown people. LOL!
Just , wow.
