I’ve never known such a poor excuse of a man!! @realDonaldTrump really is on another planet; or should be to save the rest of us!! 
No credibility, & false reports hurt PR people.  Loose canon, radical hatemonger. Trump wants to have PR $7.8b debt written off... why now?
The disrespect this administration is showing to American citizens in Puerto Rico sums it up. Charity and kindness are reserved for white
The mayor of Puerto Rico is amazing, but should have told Trump to his face that paper towels do nothing.
Definitely
She needs to go away!
16 ppl dying is awful but.... the Oscar goes to.....the mayor of San Juan.  Katrina killed 1800 ppl
A world apart in Maria's wake- the mayor speaking from her heart of the devastation her community's experiencing-then 45's pick 'good story'
Incompetence in leadership can and has cost lives #PuertoRico
@bridgetmoynahan @PiperPerabo Rest In Peace.
@bridgetmoynahan @PiperPerabo My most sincere condolences to the families and friends of people who have died in these tragic events.
@bridgetmoynahan @PiperPerabo The true is an authentic pity that happened in Mexico and Puerto Rico.
F*yea. Tell it like it is. Let's not wait4Hurricanes. #truthteller GDBless PR people+animals+land Puerto Rico+will rise up
SEND MORE HELP MR. TRUMP...JUST PRETEND THIS IS ISRAEL....OR RUSSIA...
USA GET IT DONE....!
70 Puerto Rican mayors and she’s the only one complaining.  POLITICAL GAINS. What else. And all the FAKE media’s are covering it
Turns out this mayor is the Chris Christie of Puerto Rico and a fraud. https://youtu.be/5vNxbI6hr5E 
The population of Puerto Rico is 3.4 million. 

Only 16 ppl have died. Hurricanes don't kill ppl. Corrupt Dems like @CarmenYulinCruz  do
Good news for racists maybe....
Mayor isn't lying! The roads are impassable and earth moving heavy equipment is needed to move the debris! No one is picking on baby Trump!
She is lying...not attending FEMA meetings...disconnected. #FakeNews
God forbid they had been under attack from an 'enemy'!
They can't vote from the Island-ever! They are in debt. @POTUS  doesn't give a 
cruz is FEARLESSLY fighting for her people against the administration! They can't vote on the island -45 doesn't give a rats ass! #Fearless
#USVirginIslands not mentionef
FEMA  LIES AS ALWAYS  FEMA IS CROOKED THE HEAD OF FEMA GOT CAUGHT STEALING MONEY.
Wow...
oqqooqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq
I can't believe how sad and embarrassing this so called government is.. Shame on all of them , especially #presidentdummy
did anyone forget that  the PuertoRicans wanted to be out of eye of  USA. Now they want Brestfeed?
San Juan Mayor is a lying liberal loon!!
Good news story! The woman is an idiot and speaks from the side of her mouth!
She's an amazing Mayor. We need more like her in this Country - tell it like it is
Oh no! He’s a photo of the non supplies Trump delivered 1000 mi. She can’t finish the last 2 blocks
From their perspective it is a good news story. How out of touch with the American people this administration is.
This ignorant so called mayor caused much of what's wrong there get down on your knees and thank trump properly for (coming) 
He was referring to the response, not the crisis.
TRUMP'S TROOPS JUST MAKE UP STORIES TO MAKE THEMSELVES LOOK GOOD LIKE NO ONE WILL KNOW THEY'RE LYING
#puertoricodoscompletesuccess
@ChelseaClinton - so out of touch with reality.  I can't believe the things I hear from these people.
Hey Elaine! TURN ON A FUKING TV!!!
I don't know a thing about her and I'd rather have the mayor of PR as POTUS!

Listen to Hope by Prince Zoda #np on #SoundCloud https://soundcloud.com/evens-bonheur/hope …

Anyone who is spreading DT's beautiful lies needs to jump on the resignation train.
So powerful and emotional! Did you notice her skin tone changing. Time for us to call out these non-thinkers. Thank you Mayor.

More T lies what gives even when ple r dying trump goons r lying. Elaine Duke sld b fired meanwhile ts charging us $ he's playing golf again
God the freaking White House makes all Americans look like over privileged assholes!! 
Yes,  it's ridiculous.
Trump &ALL His Administratio r FOC if they think PR Disaster & mishandling Aide 2  dying/hurting is a "Good News Story" #Resist #NeverAgain
Obviously getting paid under the table from the Democratic Party!  She should be removed from office benefiting from her country’s problems
God bless you and your leadership.   My prayers are going up for you and Puerto Rico.
It is a difficult situation.  It is not a easy fix.  Criticizing those that have come to help.
Not a time to divide Americans! Americans provide funding for the US military in billions, so PLEASE send drivers and generators immediately
this administration is the worst in every aspect.
More people have died in Chicago so far this week. Nice MSM far left Trump hate spin we got going here. Fake News & Commie mayor=pile O shit
What a super mayor she must be so tired now, hope orange face helps
What about the food, water, medicine the US air dropped across the entire area of your island! How about thank you to the American people!
As usual the government has no clue. 
Fake homeland security?
This is deplorable. I can't even find the words to say how inept this administration is. Just imagine if we go to war
Nut job!!!
The Trump administration has their truth distortion machine on permanent on.
She will regret those remarks real soon!!!!!!
Good news was that U have your aid, bad news is U don’t know what to do with it or how to distribute it! Now get to work, stop complaining!
Elaine Duke is a moron. This is not a good news story. Men, women and children are dying every hour in Puerto Rico.
All the babies in incubators, people on ventilators, people on dialysis are now dead. Diabetics, injured & sick people are dying. Good news?
Pitbull, an entertainer, went in with his own resources & plane to evacuate patients from hospitals.
trump went golfing
What is the death toll?
Let's take "good news" story out of context so we can get mad at eacherother and argue.
Is there a longer segment of this available? I want to know if the HS person had any kind of human reply to that.
Ah, here it is: https://youtu.be/PYw4vtA5H-Y?t=396 …
As cars are driving behind her.  Looks like you have drivers and vehicles to me.
And then there is this...  what planet is the security chief on?
Another whitewash by the Whitehouse
If CNN is there just colors might be true.
#PresidentNero
That woman is an idiot!
Washington politicals, where are u?
Mayor of San Juan should tell Trump to kiss where the sun don't shine...that'll get him cranked up!
It's not a Good News story. It is a good News Story. Some people need to touch up on their English vocabulary I suppose.
How much money would it take for you to get on tv and knowingly lie for Donald Trump? I don't think there is enough to make me do it.
Absolutely no capacity to be human

Having trouble understanding what your tweet is referring to.
Yo me pregunto que puerto rico noaa desian acrotos que  querian independensia  que no querian ser mas parte de us
Thats sickening, who says that??
Trump Administration does not care about us and it comes from the top.
#YulinCruz a national hero.
She must be living under a rock!
Bout time policitian that actually cares
What..? 'a GOOD news story"..? wtf!
There is nothing to defend! Huge Failire as DT plays golf for the weekend. Shameful!
Not to mention this is not just a "territory" this is a U.S. island along with the Virgin Island. THEY ARE AMERICANS!!!!
Okay mayor why don't we just Evacuate the whole island clear everybody out including yourself as refugees to the mainland just do it
Think about it...Louisiana had more man power & resources during Hurrican Katrina and less people (population) than Puerto Rico.
Being appointed DHS Dir must be more valuable than your soul, ethics and integrity. Must be one hellava job!
I don't believe there was enough time between her hearing that and then speaking out for the Dems to tell her to hate on DJT, JS...
Yeah, we are going to believe the mayor who is there and working her ass off over a habitual liar playing golf!
And this morning the President lashes into the mayor.  What a guy.
Devastating.
I can't believe that lady saying it's a good news she needs 2 go 2 Dumb Trump Side People with No Sympathy Help Puerto Rico then  Good News
Why can't all US Airbases be directed to airlift their trucks and tankers to Puerto Rico?
Once more we can observe IN SITU what (among other phenomena) @NaomiAKlein meant by #DisasterCapitalism.
#remove #nepotistinchief& #JonesAct
GOP out of touch once again
That mayor is going to come to the mainland and kick that FMEA bit#@$ A$$.

As if we need anymore news that proves this admin is the most out of touch, gong show well it just got proved again. Lying morons in the WH
Major of San Juan is there and is seeing the devastation of #PuertoRico and no #PuertoRicoRelief for well over a week HS chief has no clue
It be funny if this was Clinton because there would be no grandstanding
I  am not a fan of mainstream news/cnn by any means but the desperation for help is in her voice.
CNN grandstanding  as usual and this mayor ignoring chain of command
Spend less time in the camera and more time help your people .
Today on As the White House Spins....   It's like everyone in this Administration came from Bizarro world.  #resigntoday #liars #fools #bye
Once more demonstrates the ineptness of this administration
what did homeland security chief have blinders on -its over a week and the ppl in #PuertoRico have no help from this administration -Failed
Horrifying and heartbreaking. Our military should have been sent there days ago. Trump has got to go.
Donald, this is not another "bad optics" issue.   This is another "get your freaking act together" issue.    @realDonaldTrump @robreiner
How dare they lie about this? They are criminally incompetent!!!
Seriously wtf is happening?! How much more backwards does this country need 2 be ran b4 we get these Dumb MFrs OUT! Golf, "good news"??! 
This is pathetic that this one sided Government is failing the people once again but it's good new.The 45&his people are delusional.
Her and the governor or Puerto Rico need to get on the same page
I don't understand this. It's like a bad dream. No one is responding. What can we do to help?

America = everyone ; get the fuck out if you think otherwise. #america #landofthefree #homeofthebrave #trump #fox #FoxNews  #NFL #Freedom 
This is heartbreaking
It's great that so few people have died ?!? WTF
Trump's concern with Puerto Rico is their debt and not saving lives.  Lord help us, the hypocrisy is real
@FShirin Puerto Rico may b small but in population 3.8 mill it s bigger thn 20 states. Pathtic response by @realDonaldTrump administration.
#WHPropaganda  #MayDayPuertoRico
This poor Mayor, trying so hard to get relief for the poor people who were hit so hard, things so difficult... It's Not Good News Yet.
@ijaz_dullu
It is a real sad story what is happenibg in Puerto Rico, another forgotten state of the US, the only good story is the Mayor San Juan has
I know it. @realDonaldTrump is a clown and should resign because he lies lies lies. Worst pres in history. Couldn’t agree more with you
Yes
Tone deaf 2017
Nobody ever said Mr.trumps staff are smart
I'm retweeting this as much as possible. No excuses.
Animals too! @ASPCA help!
what in the he'll is happening....why do these citizen have to beg for help .....no more waiting
What in the hell is going on ....get some help to these people now!
Bravo, Ms Cruz. You touched many hearts with your discourse tonight. I can only send thoughts and prayers to your people.
She’s a shitty Mayor, you knew days in advance about this and now it’s Trumps fault? STFU @CNN
@CNN SAYS THIS IS A BIG NEWS STORY. Now its not to her? wow this is sad.

San Juan Mayor just screams liberal, I mean just look at her. Liberal woman are ugly as fuck.
Incompetent, corrupt, no planning, squeaky wheel that US will bail out.
What causes people to make such stupid remarks? Don't understand how so many idiots get top jobs.  Guess logic isn't a requirement.
And I think they can control the weather now. It's odd that property was damaged in Florida, EXCEPT TRUMPS.
#BuyTellMeYouLoveMeNOW!

• iTunes: http://smarturl.it/TMYLMiTunes  
• Spotify: http://smarturl.it/TMYLMSpotify  
• Apple Music: http://smarturl.it/TMYLMAppleM 
Get supplies into the countryside to the people of Puerto Rico.  We are better than this!
They are doing that on purpose, Trump wants those people to die, get out the poor so the RICH can take over.
Time for potus to be indicted for MURDER by inaction. Failure to protect US citizrns/make every good faith effort, which he hasn't.
Incompetent. She spends most of her time arguing w/ Governor. PR Electric, 6B in debt, BK had 3 day outages b4 2 hurricanes.
Wonderful response!
This is a Disgusting Display of our Presidency Right Now! #prayingforpuertorico #ResistTrump #PuertoRicoRelief
Hey Trump administration STOP THE BULL SHIT AND LYING! You guys dropped the ball! And now peoples are dying!
She's a Dope

Tired of politics. These are Americans. WTF?
good job...spreading this as far as I can
This is heartbreaking.
I would 2see  San Juan Mayor punch this stupid cow in the mouth for this comment ,if she ever gets 2meet her ding ding round one. PR 2 WIN.
@kaynat_nasar
SAD
These are American citizens that being largely ignored and left to suffer by our government THAT is what we should be angry about!
Maybe she should get her big girl pants on. More democratic party rhetoric. And she is the only one burying her head.
@DHSgov #SickAF calling #AmericansDying good news #ResignNow #Disgusting #45
America's 2nd class citizens
@She is the incompetent! Some people may still have difficulties,in the center of the Island.My son is in VB .Strong military presence.
Trumps Katrina
why are they lying, what are the @gop up to?
Good news story? Mr president you r NOT the star of a reality tv show now. You're POTUS, & the buck stops with u whether u like it on not.
We all know ur default answer is blame others, but that won't work b/c the buck DOES stop with you.  That responsibility came w/job.
You campaigned 2b given this responsibility.  You repeated again & again that ONLY U can fix things. Unfortunately, enough voters bought it
You've been an embarrassment, now ur inability 2 recognize & focus on a catastrophic situation is costing lives.  Time 2 FIX ur PRIORITIES
