That's awesome! What specifically are y'all doing to help? What's the plan?
Their plan is you will vote for them.  That's all.
You stand with them because U want their votes Upray on morons that have no idea what's going on.They watch CNN/NBC/CBS/ABC/MSLSD fake news
Democrats already admitted MOST DACA are from Mexico

#tlot #tcot #dems #MAGA #Trump @realDonaldTrump
Not this registered democrats
Until you people start putting AMERICANS FIRST, your party will continue to lose.
By breaking our laws? The American story is you come legally and pursue happiness not illegally and hide in the shadows.
To all the Dreamers the only thing the Democrats want is your vote, believe me they don't give a shit about you and your families
Do your job, congress makes law NOT the @POTUS, Obama unconstitutionally made this law, Get to work on DACA it's up to you! @BrackObama_005
Is this mouthpiece even allowed to vote? Illegal alien? Illegal alien is not a race, dummy!
So pathetic Democrats got sick of the black vote and now they're chasing votes from people from another country. Fucking disgusting
#Trump
https://twitter.com/VicenteFoxQue/status/903797742463569921 …. And this is what you support? Or is it just cheap labor?  Americans first.
.@realDonaldTrump Minorities will soon be the majority, and remember: we're stronger together. Get it? You can't trump the dream.
Propose bipartisan legislation. See that was easy.
Kinda don't want your support
Stop ripping off the American children. You give the illegals free education, but charge OUR CHILDREN HIGH COSTS.
WOW!! You took a stand! I am impressed. Now, dump that FDR era antiquated, foolish, LAME "Better Deal" slogan and step into the 21 CENTURY!!
One more Executive Action by Obama to take down our country!   Our people r living fr check to check while you give our money to illegals!
THAT IS THE DEMS DREAM FOR VOTES!
Exactly how do they represent the American story?
Words are wonderful Senator, but please find a way to stop that madman before he destroys the country and many lose their lives!!
Still no solutions or immigration reform laws coming. How long will you do nothing while the fear of deportation looms? Act now!
No they do not - their parents came here illegally to have them and to become citizens. No problem with existing staying - stop future!
No the American story is of legal immigrants; law abiding, hard working, do it yourselfers, who didn't need the gov. to build their lives on
Illegal aliens are not Americans. Stop giving away American taxpayer's money to foreigners.
And you represent the dream catchers who stop dreams from being fulfilled
Dreamers are the American Children. Our children deserve Better Education. Not liberal education. Give Citizens a BETTER PRICE.
Please continue to defend DACA against this hateful administration.
Stay strong!
Then you beter damn well get off your asses and do something about all this. You have dropped the ball continuously!
Where is the cut off, that's the hard thing.
I thought you were all dead. I'll talk no action. Hope you are coming up with a better plan than Clinton or Sanders. Need young fresh blood.
sen dems whgy not wal;k the talk. give up your jobs and let the dreamers have them and then U go look for a job! walk the talk, come on!
Let their Dreams happen where they came from!!!
Failure to legislate makes many in Congress receiving paychecks illegally, What is their legislative suggestions? Give away the store.
But we going to disrespect you and give their best crook ,as of date subject to change with no notice.

I too am a dreamer in America. I dream that Schumer Pelosi Warren Waters & rest of the democrap stop whining and start leading & Unite 
Americans like it when you are law-abiding citizens
Yeah yeah you guys stand with lawlessness we know already
Fight the good fight.
You mean to all of the Democratic voters or potential welfare recipients
Stop it!   We knowYou just want their vote.

I'm gonna stop paying my thousands in taxes every year. I'm a dreamer of keeping my own money.
Dem support = illegal activity.
Business tax cuts 15% , rules for s corporation to ensure money goes to business
How about standing with and for American citizens?
Also the 50-150,000 pay for everything property ,school, children education and extortion HEAlthcare no tax cut to rich .
No they don't silly!
Like I said the only tax break rich should get is inheritance tax , and exclude businesses from inheritance tax ,including farms
No tax break for the rich ,they got theirs under Reagan. They used to pay 70% ,all loopholes ,while eroded middle class tax breaks .
Businesses shouldn't be in inheritance tax . Everything else's inheritance tax should be 10% or 15 % that's the rich people tax break .
It cheaper to keep seniors in home than nursing home. Also capital gains tax ,for those selling first home 55 over   Tax free til 500,000
Mortgage and charity deductible fine , seniors only should deduct property and school taxes .tax credit for seniors for healthcare .
What important is the rate those making 50,000-100,000 should pay 10% ,100-150,000 15% 200-500 25% 500- 35% top 1 % 39 %
What happens to Dreamers parents who brought the kids? I've not heard that aspect discussed by either party or media.
Those making under 50,000- 150,000 are middle class. Push for standard deductions 15,000, 30,000 this would cover state taxes .
I glad your more focused on illegals than American citizens . Where are tax reform sticking points for you ?
How about defend America. #nodaca #noillegals. Deport ALL ILLEGALS
Thank you. Please work harder to protect the Dreamers. We need more than talk.
We need tax cuts, not more illegals to feed!
Then get to work. Don't let this man destroy everything this country stands for

And the rest of us dream of the day all u politicians actually do your jobs !and work for us lowly bottom of the heap legal citizens
That doesn't sound like a heart felt feeling by Dems. End DACA
DREAMers represent 2 things, jobs stolen from Americans and Americans placed on welfare. It's time to take our country back. #MAGA

Cool, so what are you guys doing about it?  And about that Agent Orange in the WH?  #dosomething
Republicans (R-acists) party of hatred. Resist unjust/immoral laws. #noH8
Lmao no one has made a decsion yet but once again your jumping the gun. Just stop.
Y U no pass a bill and make this a law when you had both houses, Senate filibuster-proof, and the WH?
#EndDACA
Do they ? It seems like it's ending tomorrow. If I'm not mistaken. What will happen to these people who know no other country than here do?
If you spent 1/2 the time standing with US citizens as you do standing for illegal immigrants maybe you could win more elections #EndDACA
Ahh, so all Senate Democrats willfully support lawless behavior? That's a bold statement Senator...
They onlygettostayiftheylivelawfully... http://bit.ly/2meSuUv 
they broke the law entering the country, but keep clapping away
And what exactly will Dems "standing" and "supporting" accomplish, and how? Asking respectfully. American people are tired of being bullied.
Let's get some legislation to back that up.
.@1choice #NODEMS18 none get rid of liars. 
They been in GOVT too long. End the progressive communists democract party nov 18
America First Chuckie !!!!!!
Deportations are cool when the potus is a democrat tho?  Lmao.
It's about dreamers!
#whataboutism
Exactly.  Repubs, Dems are cool with deportations when their side does it.  Facts.  Not whataboutism.  #Immigration
So do the tens of millions who voted to do so. #StillWithHer


Do you know what DACA is and who dreamers are? No one with criminal record can be qualified for DACA!
#read more
True. However what happens if they do commit a crime?
They won't be protected anymore! DACA needs renewal every year (at least)
THAT'S GOOD NEWS.  DEMOCRATS ARE THE PARTY OF SLAVERY, RACISM AND HATE.  THAT WHOLE PARTY NEEDS TO GO.
IT'S UNFORGIVABLE WHAT THEY HAVE DONE
Like @tedcruz who arrived here when he was four
@tedcruz was born a US citizen, he is not illegal or an immigrant. That's was an ignorant statement.
1) He moved to this country when he was 4, that's just fact 
2) "That's was" reflects ignorance of the English language
Liberal can't win at ideas, have to attack spelling.
It's not an idea, it's a fact.
Is it a fact that he is an American citizen by birth?  Of course it is, so why didn't you state that?
Of course he is. But it is a fact that he was born in Canada and moved here at age 4. The end.
And it is a fact he had every right to live in the US as a US citizen.  It is not the hypocrisy you make it out to be.
