Full Amnesty For Ex- Sheriff Arpaio, Deportation For DREAMER Kids
That says a lot about how he feels about Spanish speaking immigrants.
No but the country they were born in probably did.Not all DACA are from Mexico but many are from South America.
I guess I did..what was it?
True they come everywhere.However the majority of DACA come from South America and settle in CA & Texas.Under DACA they were quasi legal.
https://twitter.com/HTXimmigration/status/904514389780430848 …

cc @hillhulse
Houston immigration attorney Brandon Roché reminds @tedcruz that #DACA is helping families recover from #Harvey 
Like Ted gives a hoot
Touching. Fir every one of these there are tragedies committed by illegals.
Trump just forced Congress to pass immigration reform by mid term elections. Something the left failed at
"When we are with God, there are no borders. Man made borders on this earth." -Rita de Ruiz Guillen  Truly sorry 4 her loss & our ignorance
That is absolutely terrible!
LOL -- New Jersey DEMOCRAT Senator MENENDEZ is trying to turn the CAMERA off on his horrible CORRUPTION TRIAL!
#DrainTheSwamp #DrainTheSewer
Sounds like they would have been better off staying in Mexico
Qa
What the hell is a 31 year old doing on DACA. I thought the Democrats keep yelling it's about children. Lying about it, like normal END DACA
Get educated. It IS about children. He was brought to the US when he was under age 16 by his parents - what should he have done? Run away?
Who have we become as a nation as Ppl when we won't allow a mother 2 come up from Mexico 2 bury her son who died wanting 2 save others in TX
More than Trump  would ever do!!
Hmm have yet 2hear Obama/Hillary doing anything DT donated a million dollars 2help &has coordinated a very extensive rally to help Texans
This story is not about Trump, Obama, or Hillary.  Read again if it helps. Try to understand pain of parents!
I am responding to Angie
Trump "said" he would donate. If you watch and read the news he hasn't donated "yet",and his rallies are just "campaigning" and "talk"
Obama / Hillary haven't said squat . At least Trump has offered
How do you know?
Because I have not heard them say squat .......
Ivanka Loves Dreamers!

https://twitter.com/ivankatrump/status/574698652939255809 …

cc @julissaarce
We love this story about an undocumented immigrant who worked her way up on Wall Street. http://buff.ly/17YFLL5  @business #ITWeeklyClicks
And the DACA recipient who just raped and murdered a 22 year old coed.
31-year-old DACA recipient who drowned doing rescues after Harvey
He was 27 when came to America Hardly a Child like U DEMS Claim! Records?
I'm heartbroken about this.
You're heartbroken about illegals breaking our laws ? That they are taking Americans jobs? You put illegals before American citizens??? OMG
I'm heartbroken that a mother won't be able to say goodbye to her son.
Then think of the American children that have been killed by the illegals that are here illegally. That's another reason to stop DACA.
Look up the DACA requirements before you talk. And this is about being permitted to say goodbye to their child. Something no one should face
#RescindDACA . A corrupt senators defends the corrupt rule. #NoZimbabwe #MugabeOfNJ
Donald Trump will make the right decision forcing Congress to sort the dreamer issue once & for all.
So sad..RIP a hero
Meanwhile. Trump couldn't even get wet.
The only person he ever has helped is HIMSELF!
You obviously didn't watch the news this weekend
@JWGOP @HoustonChron Attn @realDonaldTrump THIS is an example of DACA Dreamers. The ones you just stabbed in the back.
And where is your example of the otherside of the "dreamers"? Care to show an ms13 member for contrast?
Perhaps i can assist you since you dont seem to be able to see anything but what you want to see.
A "dreamer" killed my son #ScrewDACA
And yet the last thing Trump said as he left the shelter in Texas was: "Everyone have a good time! My check is in the mail!"
And he would most likely be alive today if not for #DACA  #EndDACA
Truth hurts
Christians believe in personal responsibility. He died because he broke the law.  Prayers for his family.
He came into the US as a kid for Christ's sake!  What was he supposed to do?  Run away from his parents who brought him there? Unbelievable

Am in reading this right? They stopped the mother from coming to Houston to bury her hero son?
Yep. That's 45's version of making America "great" again.
There are daca recipients serving in th military. Kicked out sent back?

So, #DACA killed him?

If he had  been deported to Mexico, he would be high and dry, and alive, right now. 

Obama killed this man.
So. Bad stuff happens to Americans s well. What is your point?
#RIPAlonsoGuillen, he died helping people whose borders didn't matter to him.
https://media.giphy.com/media/kx6q5Yc79uecw/giphy.gif …
Saw a tweet today on how Trump will be thought of in history. Cruel.
A true hero. These people are good people it's why they were protected in the first place!
So sad.
very sad - lose of life never good - by why mention DACA - when more importantly he was a volunteer!
If his parents hadnt brought him here illegally he'd be alive, but then you wouldn't be able to use his death for cheap political points.
Heartbreaking. They won't let his mother into the US. "When we are with God there are no borders," she said. "Man made borders on this earth
When we are with God there are no borders... may his family find peace and comfort.
Maggie Lied He's NOT DACA Shame on #FakeNews
RIP young man.  #DreamerHERO
This is absolutely heartbreaking and UNACCEPTABLE.
GOP leaders have sold their souls & humanity 4 a greedy political agenda focused on making top 1% richer & dividing USA by race/ideology.
Inconvenient truth.
They were still here illegally...They don't get to cut in line in front of those who are going through the process correctly.
A true HERO,  LEARN TRUMP THESE ARE HERO'S YOU WILL NEVER BE ONE
Has Democrat Senator been arrested yet over his bribery charges? Or will he step down and avoid an embarrassing trial? #corruption #maga
Call your Legislative Delegation TODAY 1-202-224-3121.
And @realDonaldTrump had to be told to look like he cared about people and then told how to put a case of water in the bed of a pickup
Ready to own up to the fact that your Hillary hatred caused this?
Lying Ted is a hired man who doesn't give a a$$ about the dreamers and he looks like a weasel!
Not to sound flip but he's going to his heavenly reward...he's a lucky one.
Sad because they all deserve MUCH more from us! Our nation is shamed! Congress MUST put aside the Donald's agenda & pass DACA legislation!
I want that press conference we were PROMISED to show Melanias papers and path to citizenship NOW.
I just forwarded this to Trump. We should forward every article like this to him.
No photo op there so Trump couldn't care less about him.
Time for Congress to do its job: pass the DREAM ACT and name it after Alonzo Guillen!!
Always with the anecdotes...
This is the world we are making with our hate and fear. One where a hero would be expelled and a mother cannot attend her child's funeral.
Impeach The Peach.
SMFH again.  America, enough already!  #DoSomethingGOP
Maybe this will be the story that causes the Ultimate Reappraisal from Der Fïrer. Or, you know…not.
This lame- have some compassion
I am sorry for your loss.
Where is our heart?  Not only relating to DACA, but also refusing the mother temporary entry to bury her heroic son?

Maggie Ur so cute when u tweet out real news , then conveniently go back and tap dance ur way to trump apologetics at ur own outlet . #nyt
FAKE NEWS!
And Trump will never ever mention their name.
Beautiful. Love the 'borders' quote.
American kids want to be dreamers again. End the illegal DACA program. We owe them nothing
Deport her casket. Fill it with drugs first since that's how they do it. #Meantweet
Note that we turned his mother away at the border, refusing to let her come and bury her son. We get less great every day.
You are removing heroes, @KenPaxtonTX
Houston politicians should lead the cause for retaining DACA
There were many citizens who helped out too.  DACA is not a law it was an unconstitutional order by a leftist. Elections have consequences
He and his friends are #HEROES. May they Rest In Peace. Chron should be ashamed using their deaths to promote #DACA
In Europe trumpism or tea party would be called a right wing extremist party, why  not call it what it is? Right wing extremist party!
The evil that is tRump lives on - while giving freedom to slime like arpaio, he condemns without thought the good people of our country.
All drownings are tragic at all times.  Zuckerburg says 700,000 jobs await Americans once DACA folks leave.  700,000.
That kicker... "When we are with God, there are no borders. Man made borders on the earth." Heartbreaking
Relevance?
Yeah, Maggie...#butheremails
Nobody said DACA recipients are bad people. Just not legal citizens based on bad parental choice. Need to reform immigration. Until then out
This truly sucks. Mom could not even go to his funeral.
@kellymagsamen Agreed, "Man made borders on this earth."
Yeah thanks Trump
@KatyTurNBC @HoustonChron  I know it's 'not fair' to penalize kids for parents' crimes but it happens every day in the real world
who raised them.
All our thoughts&prayers go out to this family. Your son died a hero helping the ppl of his area. What an amazing set of men& families...
This story is heart-breaking.
A great American hero. 
And so his mother in Mexico tried to convince Border Patrol to allow her a temp visa to be here to bury her son. Nice work @realDonaldTrump
And if the mom tries to illegally enter to say goodbye to her son he current residency application will be denied

@HoustonChron should mention he was DACA
And Trump could give two shits about him because he's a brown boy. 
donnie makes me sick.
Nothing, even this won't thaw the frozen conservative heart. Don't believe the party at its core has a heart.
What nation does to and for children determines its future humanity and prosperity: Save DACA @NNPA_BlackPress  @NAACP @BlackPressUSA
Did everyone from Maggie Haberman to Snopes get duped here? (Please RT)
The media has chosen to attack First Lady Melania Trump wearing heels than Sen. Bob Menendez who is on trial for corruption and bribery.
...and the kicker? THEY wouldn't give mother visa to bury son!!!!!   DEPLORABLE....America is better than this.....
He gave his life for a country that doesn't want him.  My sympathies for his family.  His poor mother can't to bury her son. #Heartless
How sad! That's awful. And of course Trump won't have a thing to say about this person's courage. 
Still illegal.
prayers to this brave young man's family, I am truly sorry for the pain you are enduring over the loss of your son
Heartbreaking. ..RIP.. prayers for you and your precious family. ..
I called this!
I said Left Wing Media would bring these stories...Of Course!
They already believe they are the true Heroes of #Harvey
Mother denied visa to enter US to bury her son. "When we are with God, there are no borders," she said. "Man made borders on this earth."
He gave his life for a country that doesn't want him.  My sympathies for his family.  Poor mother can't see her son one last time #Heartless
now. if you could just show the president that story next time you conduct an interview and ask him his thoughts
Condolences .  A very brace man indeed.  Compare with trump huffing and puffing after placing two little boxes in a truck. Learn from DACAo
Trump wil bescherming schrappen voor wie als kind VS werd ingesmokkeld. 1 van hen overleed toen hij redde bij Harvey http://www.houstonchronicle.com/news/houston-texas/amp/Missing-volunteer-pulled-from-Cypress-Creek-12170986.php …
Welke reden geeft hij?
Heartbreaking. And Customs not allowing her to come to Houston to bury her son is the heighth of abject cruelty. Is this who we've become?
It is morally unacceptable to turn away a mother or father from laying their child to rest. Shame on us for electing a tyrant.
So you are saying he would be alive if deported?
one person Trump can't harm
@_SusanCarroll 
Getting more coverage than the police officer who died.  Cuz... Media narrative.
#EndDaca
Shame on America today.
Heartbreaking 
One less we have to send back.
Very sad - I'll pray for his family today .
Well that's all good and sad. But #DACA is unconstitutional. The people who came here illegally...broke the law. Sad but true.
trump era, too bad no one really cares about people anymore.
RIP
And his mother can't come to bury him?  We are not worried about security anymore. The powerful in this country are becoming heartless.
The powerful can be brought down when we stand up.
"Every one of us is poor and powerless. And yet together... we can overthrow an empire"
I don't see @realDonaldTrump  saving anyone but his own ass the most disgraceful person on this planet .. Dreamers we will fight for you ! 
Good human lost.Status is,and should remain,irrelevant.Ty for your sacrifice.I wish our country would return the commitment you've shown.
MSM still trying to divert. It's not about good or bad... It's about following Our Laws on the books. DACA is admin policy not voted on law.
Hey, @DonaldTrump! Listen!

A 31-year-old DACA recipient drowned doing rescues after Harvey
#TRUMP How many did you try to save?
Maybe drowning is better than being deported...sorry to say...he will rest in peace I am sure.Trump on the other hand may just burn in hell.

@ReporterClaudia @HoustonChron 
"Disregard that frank, it's just a bunch of liberal bullshit"
https://photos.app.goo.gl/eDzjUgJHYbXx2kz53 …
Oh no
Sending healing light to his family and friends. Heart. I have a friend in DACA.
Do us a favor and tell him about it next time he calls you up to vent.
Does @realDonaldTrump follow @maggieNYT for certain topics? He has his go-to people for everything. Does he got to MH for DACA pov?
President McDummy and his White Nationalist Nazi loving base celebrate the destruction of DACA. RACIST POS
A true hero.
So?
ppl die every day. Gangs drugs Violance. Look at .ca.is that how u want USA to be. No respect no laws no order.millions of homeless
HIs mom hoped U.S. officials would take pity & grant her a humanitarian visa so that she could come to Houston and bury her son= denied.
Hey national embarassment who we have to call @POTUS #daca #DREAMers
I thought these DACA where children
Buried in American soil, I hope.
Since you clearly want to politicize a good person's death, why is it OK for any President to just invent federal law?
R.I.P.!
Why don't you go write about how presidential he sounds as he announces it off a TelePrompTer?
That I'm sick of her.
@nytimes doesn't shed a tear for USA citizens killed by DACA gang members. Hundreds of beautiful citizens killed by DACA
Heartbreaking!
Trump is heartless evil child. He cannot feel empathy. He does not care about anything but revenge and money.
.He is an American, not a DACA recipient. Maggie, your dispassion in reporting is often inhumane.
what a disgraceful administration
#NotMyPresident 
Trump #UNFIT
#ImpeachTrumpPence 
#DefendDACA
Sad he died. 
But where is your sympathy for Jamiel Shaw Jr plus Hundreds of US innocents killed by DACA gang members?
Hundreds?! And Pedro Espinoza murdered Jamiel Shaw Jr in 2008. #DACA only set up in 2012. You can't be on #DACA if you've a criminal record.
When you stop defending Trump, you'll be considered a patriot.  Until then, you're in the wrong side of history. @Christi37460685
Sessions is an animal that's retrying a woman for laughing at him, do you think he gives a rats arse about anyone else but his ego.
What a sad, tragic story!! These men died heroes, but small comfort to their family and friends...who will never see them again. 
Yes. But Trump really doesn't want to end DACA, right mags? You are horrifying with your normalizing of him. He's a FASCIST. STOP IT.
They r young students, young workers paying taxes, volunteers, our neighbors, our kid's friends in school & college
Ummm, 31 isn't young.
They turned his mother away at the border, she cAnt be with her family.can we do something for her?
NYT will trot out lots of stories like this to defend lawbreaking

People who support Trump's destructive "policies" don't think about the consequences- about what the US loses, as a result.
But the real story here is whether Trump really 'wants' to get rid of it or not. Am I Right?
Ivanka and Jared tried to get him to keep it.
@realDonaldTrump  You should be ashamed to call yourself an American. And as an American, I am ashamed to call you a president. #DACA
lol journos now pumping out good stories about DACA....LMAOOOOO
That's tragic. Still, can we give amnesty to tax evaders? How about good people who have sometimes groped? Who decides what to obey?
What a kind man he must have been. I am sure he will be missed.
Talk more about how 45 doesn't want this..
trump & sessions say one less "illegal". They are both heartless racist monsters.
Heart breaking story
This is so sad. And 45 thinks they are worthless people.
Looks like there's one DACA recipient Trump can't deport, he DROWNED rescuing people from Harvey!
Cant wait for ur next stellar piece about how trump may be able pivot towards being presidential!
Remarkable that deranged vermin in your profession will use this as propaganda. You and your colleagues are a parasite on everything decent.
Ending DACA may be a good or bad idea. But this kind of story is utterly immaterial to that question.
It's literally the point of DACA and the good it provides the USA
Here is a DREAMer who raped. So?
Every issue needs a"face" and #DACA just got one. Retweet, please. #defenddaca
It doesn't get more #american than this!
Zuckerburg Group: 700K American Job OPenings If Daca Ends!
DACA
http://amzn.to/2wwUHj9 
How awful! Blessings for his family and friends.

Heartbreaking...
RINOS will be exposed now.. still don't have the votes to pass a DACA Bill and surely not enough to override 
Obama EO'd DACA into effect. 25 states filed lawsuits. Fed  judge halted the prog - O still rewarded 180K illegals
Turned away at the border, a mother could not bury her son who was just helping.  Third to last graph is so jarring & depressing.

