#MessyMenendez
Because Soros demands it so? Oh Dem Menendez,don't you have prison looming over you? Will HRC put money on your books?
Shared without comment...
No
#daca needs to go back
US resources are finite not infinite.
NY Times article on his trial never mentioned he IS A #DEMOCRAT
Why are you still in public office? Resign now.
How is that court case coming? Did they convict you of statutory yet? We should listen to YOU about KIDS why again? You're out of your mind.
How is your corruption trial going?
Not with out closing the boarder.
Stop tweeting in the courtroom, and listen to the judge .
First off, we need to get you arrested and put away for all your crimes. Secondly, the Democrats should've done something about it.
#CorruptBob had plent of time to creat #Path2Citizenship instead did nothing Only now during election year does he care #ObeyTheLaw
No tweeting in court
Menendez tweeting from a courtroom where he's a defendant on corruption charges? Priceless
I'm from NJ We are overrun with illegals
Oh.  Okay Mr. Corrupt.  How goes the trial?
Awww. One final Tweet from Bob before his trial begins. Good luck to the Federal prosecutor today! #YoureGuilty #LockHimUp
Trying to pass it quick before your convicted of corruption?
No, they are ALL welcome to go home and stop illegally mooching off our American Dreamers that own this country and come 1st! Its the law!
First we had Cryin' Chuck @SenSchumer. Now we have Crying Bob @SenatorMenendez.
Good luck 
Only thing I'm excited for is #MenendezForPrison2017
Thank God rid pest now do Annette Marion and cpms group DoD. Kill group of USA
Don't preach to us about DACA , wait until your wearing orange then tell us about being a corrupt politician...
So why hasn't congress done something about it? Law and Order in America.
How much were you paid to have this opinion on #DACA ?
Hey Bob, How are you going to vote from a Federal Courtroom?
How's court treating you? Bribery and free hotel rooms must be nice -- until you got caught!!
You are who to question the Presidents decision? Seems to me you need to get your own crooked life in line!
Deport all illegals
While you're at the federal courthouse today, perhaps you can resign.
How about taking bribes?  You are the worst kind of politician but will soon be in jail. Brucie sends his love
Hold strong!  We need you, not another deplorable GOP senator!
You must be so PROUD!!
This is the one you need to support, @RepLanceNJ7 !
I devoted my life to public service. When you hear that bullshit it makes me crazy. These criminals steeling Medicare blind for millions
Casa De Campo.    It was worth it.    But, I'm not a Democrat selling influence like you and Hillary Clinton.
Your disgusting corruption will tear your family apart too.
What's the going rate for you to intervene on their side? Asking for a friend. . .!
Your corrupt tenure tears apart the fabrics of this country. Menendez, Lula, Putin, Mugabe.
CONGRESS WILL NOT SEND YOU PACKING UNLESS YOU ARE A THIEF LIKE MENENDEZ!  NOR WILL THE PRESIDENT!  WE NEED A LAW IN PLACE TO KEEP U HERE!
"Gifts were a result of the pair’s close friendship" is an euphemism for "corruption." Resign. Corruption kills dreams. #CorruptMenendez
TO ALL DACA :

THE PRESIDENT IS ON YOUR SIDE!  THIS LEFT BULLSHIT IS JUST LIKE 

MENENDEZ, LYING SCUM!
No word about your corruption trial?  Shocker.
Umm. Corrupt.
DONT' U WORRY ABOUT daca!

we'll all work it out without your bribery ass involved~  lookin good in 
ORANGE!
Ass phones.
Tweet faster! No cell phones in prison!
If you had to choose between deportation (or exile) or facing a judge for corruption charges, what would you choose? Public svc =priv gifts.
You should probably concern yourself with more pressing things... like prison!
Comprehensive immigration reform: Documentation to Legalization & end Birthright Citizenship. No bandaids anymore!
Don't you have a corruption trial to focus on? It's kind of important to the future of your freedom.
So Mexico is such a horrible place that no one should be living there, is that what you are saying?
Are you tweeting from the COURTS?????
WTH???
If you gave up that Senate seat to a Republican, they'll step up for you. The Dems are going to hang you out to dry no matter what.
Your attorney sucks. Plea bargain to a count or two, resign and you'll get 18 mths. Fighting it and not resigning 20 yrs minimum.
No deal. You are going to use this to push some kind of crap down our throat and criminalize email or something.
Should have been nicer to Trump. Don t think he'll pardon you now ?
That's been Congresses job all along. Don't blame Trump for Obama circumventing the system. The 5th Circuit already rules DAPA was not legal
You had your chance, and yet?
Who paid you to say this?
Are you going to keep working from your jail cell
Endanger lives please explain just how
Stop talking and do something in unity for our country for a change.
Convict
Who is "we", it won't include you.
good that's 22,000 jobs for legal americans

