America first!
 u better have a good lawyer and read up on prison etiquette
You are spending my tax money on these people. If you would like for them to stay here then you can take the money out of your pocket.
You want to defend this when #DACA hiring managers, discriminated a military veterans and American citizens? Pathetic.
And unpaid to boot!
That was a genuinely impassioned speech. I wish you cared about #NJ's kids like that.

Good luck with your trial, Senator!
You have bigger problems pal
Poor people DON'T own private planes, yachts, etc to transport drugs!  #DRUGS are brought into USA thru "BUSINESSES" & travel! #GoFigure
Sir you better be worried about doing prison time in your federal bribery trial.
The word you are looking for here is EVIL. Ending #DACA is evil. Period, full stop. E-V-I-L.
If they are illegal they need to get the hell out of here
Or, they are contributing to America more than a lot of people. You know, like paying taxes and stuff.
Corruption Bob likes kids. A lot. A whole lot. Much more than most people like kids. He really likes Dominican girls.
You're not in jail yet?????
Sir you are a criminal you have NO right to demand anything at all you are going to prison
Put yourself into the bucket of harden criminals.
#NeverAgain is #Now
U r a crook & should not be listened to.  You will never have my vote again
You're on trial for bribery and corruption Tuesday.
LOL soon-to-be jailbird, your words hold no weight. Tell It To The Judge 
#SolidaritywithDreamers
This guy is a criminal who gives a shit what he says?
You won't have to worry about that, you'll have more important things to worry about! Like holding on to that soap!!
They gotta go.. we took on enough DACA people last 20 years.. is more people here now than jobs available.. let them dream about Canada
Low hanging fruit. We should be ashamed of this "leadership".  A morally bankrupt action.
Breaking News: People commenting on DACA found to be missing vital organs. 
Here:
Take these and try again.
Except that they broke the law. Deporting them isn't just right, it's the law. For a guy who takes part in making law, you don't respect it
Who's car are we taking? I'll get dressed. Let's go!!!!!
I stand with President Trumps decisions. #America1rst #MAGA #SecureBorders #MakeAmericaSafe I trust my Presidents judgment.
How reckless and stupid is an unconstitutional executive order. May lazy ass Obama should have worked harder border protections
We see the DOJ has information on your involvement with underage girls....we wait to hear the evidence but doesn't look good there BOB!
Will you be able to function as Senator when ur in trial?
No vote!
Maybe they could help fix their country of origin. You know, go out and change the world or something.
#HudsonBob advocating breaking the law not surprising #Corruption #VoteBobOut
Sen. M is a crook that will soon be gone to jail for bribery.
SO is having sex with minors & #PayForPlay looking forward to seeing you meet your justice at trial #DemocratCorruption must be punished
DACA was not voted on by Congress, Mr. Senator. Just signed with a pen.
Was there life before DACA?
How come you're not in federal prison yet
Menendez loves kids,  just in a different way. ..
You worked for years building this program and apparently nothing else. How about doing something for the American people and resign
Quoth the most corrupt man in the US Senate...
Their parents committed and immoral and illegal act, time for them all to go back and apply to do it the right way. #DefundDACA
RT #DACA is a beautiful program
They are still in this country illegally they need to get the hell out
I thought you were already in jail?  If not you will be soon.
Lots of other wise great ppl break all kinds of laws and have to pay the consequence
Congress of which you are a member wrote/apprvd our immigration laws - not Trump. Look in the mirror if you dont like the law
We can always count on Trump to do the wrong thing...it's the only consistent thing about him.
@Im_TheAntiTrump #TheResistance @POTUS
Thank you so much, Senator!
Obscene cocky indifference is not "heart" #DACA #DACAtrump
No more cocky indifference to Dreamers! 
It's obscene (@PresSec) to assure them of @POTUS "heart"
while dawdling w/their status. 
Hey, Bob, why don't you issue them all visas? If your friend's hookers are good enough, surely the Dreamers deserve your corruption, too.
Bob....tell the truth.
Did you sleep with little girls?
No, asking the tax payer to continue to foot the bills for this is wrong.
You can't obey some laws and not others, oh wait aren't you being investigated for corruption?
Are they illegal?
Aren't I going to jail soon?
You dont even know his plan yet so shut up
REPs are not "Anti-Immigrant" you buffoon. Lies like that is why #DJT has @POTUS handle. REPs are ANTI-ILLEGAL-IMMIGRANTS. Get it right
Maybe #Obama should have consulted with Congress and the entire conutry, not use a pen a create #DACA. Really, Obama screwed those kids
You spelt country wrong, if you have an opinion at least do it right
I'd worry more about your corruption trial Bob.
I'm dreaming of you in jail for unspeakable corruption
Nope --- try to be illegal in MX
If they are illegal get out
Dear Senator Bob Menendez , question - if those people weren't trying to look " swell " would they be more like people named Menendez ?
How's your corruption trial going?
serve your constituents, country first before bending over backwards for illegals and their parents who are a burden on the system #EndDACA
Menendez would be better served in a prison jumpsuit
How many #DACA dreamers are in #VA6, @RepGoodlatte? Or do you even care? #DefendDACA @RoaIndivisible @roanoketimes @BeatBobGoodlatte
If @realDonaldTrump ends #DACA, Congress must swiftly pass legislation to protect Dreamers. It is morally right and good for our nation.
CONGRESS MUST REPEAL OCARE & LOWER TAX RATE!
DREAMERS GO HOME
No tv cameras in jail
What other laws should be ignored.   Can we choose which laws passed by congress , to ignore?
Well said Senator Menendez!! #ProtectDACA

@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @GOP Plz Save Deferred Action 4 Childhood Arrivals 
#DoTheRightThing!
NO MORE VOTES IN SENATE FOR SENATOR PEDOPHILE!
How many are in jail? How many are on welfare? How many are in gangs?
Hahahahahaha menendez.  Nice distraction from your scandal
We Stand We You ROS
Because you love how he paries with underage hookers?
Pedogate...Pedomister
Go straight to jail do not collect $200.
But when has Trump done the right thing
ALWAYS
Is it true that the only reason you want underage hispanic children to remain here is so you can hire them as prostitutes, like in the DR?
How about working for American citizens.DACA are not American citizens. This is why we voted for President TRump stop giving my country away
This is horrifying! What can I do?
Model citizens aren't criminals who break the law by being illegal. Immigrants before didn't get anything given to them they worked for it
You should be standing up there apologizing for ur failure as a legislator, to write proper immigration laws. #felon
Why don't u fight for something that really matters to ppl like jobs housing apprentiship programs for low income. USA citizen's
You making me pay for my education after ive paid taxes is wrong no one gets a free ride. Besides criminals alrrady get enough
The rule of law must stand
How Stupid...How Cruel you stand for racial divide and political divide. All of CONGRESS, both sides, are FAILING!
Nah it's not wrong
