Tillerson has been busy maximizing pockets while he prepares to become an unqualified civil servant.
@LindaLawrey That was good, Senator Mendez. Good questioning.
he is not in office yet. give me a break
Thank you Senator for your probing questions and for your support against the nominations of Tillerson, Sessions and others
Thank you for grilling Tillerson! He must NOT be approved!
And 100% non-believable.
Just another alligator/traitor in the swamp!
Thank you for you strong stance @SenatorMenendez I am a New Jerseyan and I am proud of that today
He's very well spoken
@ShaunKing or maybe we presuppose too much
What does Trump think a job of this magnitude entails?  Yes i have heard of Russia.. you are hired.. Fight for us Senator.
is this a trump bashing session or confirmation hearing? Go pound your chest somewhere else
don't you think that Trump should have had a conversation with him ready just ask him
he got his security clearance last night the snarky attitude of the senator is not needed
when asked about Aleppo which is common knowledge he would not criticize Putin I was watching
 I watched too, do you really think a diplomat calling a leader a war criminal would be smart?
Sounds like Megan would approve of @realDonaldTrump grabbing her pussy
nah but I'm sure you grab yours all the time in between tweets in your moms basement
Putin has not instructed Trump on exactly what the USA will do to help make Russia Great Again.
he won't intervene in Syria, he'll pull out of Poland & NATO & loan Melania back to him again for a week
I'd say thats about right, except he wont loan Melania, he will trade her in for Russian Ivanka body double
touché
And please tell Mr. Tillerson that it's not "The" Ukraine. Getting the country's name correct would be more respectful
this is my reaction to your vote
But, what about this Senator?

http://www.bankruptcymisconduct.com/new/people/bob-menendez.html …
keep up the questions!
What about Mathis saying he hasn't made up his mind if Putin is a mass murderer
Not only , but his main focus on sanctions were that it affects American business. Shows you where his mind set is.Then he corrected himself
How did you keep from up chucking on his shoes??? You're a stronger person than me
not really, u just hate him & Trump, total liberal hater. Self serving full of anger & hate. Ur emotions show weakness.
*#DealBreaker 
Senator,ur Q of #Dr.BenCarson exposed same old 
"so-called" philosophical nonsense re:overtime$ & #MinWage.
@StopTheCrazies1 no whats amazing is you voting against getting cheaper meds!
@DC4Hope Yeah that's credible NOT ! He's under oath and lied !!!
Classic.  Quite frightening the lack of qualifications demonstrated by this nominee. #rejectREX
he is totally unqualified
KEEP AT IT! The madness must be confronted.  Lift sanctions? New dependence on Putin's oil? Build US oligarchy? NO.
Funny that #SOS needs hearings to be confirmed but #POOPYPANTS @realDonaldTrump can act like a 2nd GRADER!!!!
Thank you Senator! Please do not vote to confirm him!
Valdamir Putin or Vladimir Putin? I think you should know the correct one by now.
Keep fighting! You have my STRONG support from NJ & I urge to vote NO to Tillerson.
I really appreciated your input yesterday. It gave me some hope for the world. Thanks for your service.
@politicalwire You Dems look completely unhinged with your Russian hysterics. Overplaying it. Just saying.
Thank you for your work at the Tillerson hearing. Proud that you, @CoryBooker & @RepBonnie  representing in DC!
You need to put these men on notice that they are not going to be able to have carte blanche. Lying is turning my stomach
Keep fighting the good fight Senator Menendez!! Challenge this unqualified business man and push him as much as you can!
He lied to you but even want to talk about it either
@ShaunKing  they truly believe that people believe this BS
Reply from Tillerson f__king unbelievable. It highlights thathasn't mentioned Russia as an important foreign policy issue
Tillerson joining an Administration where curiosity is liable to be minimal at best @SenatorMenendez @mdedora
Good job today, Senator.
Keep fighting, Senator!!
This should explain a lot re:exxon.
Exxon made a big bet in Russia. They need US policy change to cash in. 
He would have blown up a polygraph machine today
Thank-you for your hard work, Sir!
obviously Tillerson, like Trump, is a totally corrupt liar.
A position a "yes man" would take; anybody's puppet, perhaps? - and no prep on this - skipping intel. briefings next too?
As one of your constituents, I applaud you. I fear the other @SenateDems won't be as principled.
@best_au They were always discussing Obamacare...
Cough cough Bullshit cough. Though, if He is telling the truth @SNLUpdate was right on the money http://edition.cnn.com/videos/entertainment/2016/12/18/snl-trump-putin-tillerson-nr-seg.cnn … 
Please vote No!
It seems like almost everyone Trump selected LOVES Putin! So sad.
senator Mendez oh, and let's wake up and smell the coffee about your track record
You're showing snippets and cut video off at opportune moments. Why?

keep fighting for us!  Thank you
Crowing on twitter?
@CathyWentzel I am sure he must have discussed Russia with trump
@janeface15 
And when he lied under oath?
http://occupydemocrats.com/2017/01/11/trumps-secretary-state-pick-just-lied-oath-backfired-beautifully/ …
Strong, yet understated. Him, too.
@Mo_Donnelly. On a par with saying, "I didn't inhale. Not once, ever!"

@TheShadeOfItAII   But you didn't ask Tillerson about the Meryl Streep situation.
@Fahrenthold -THANK YOU for this line of questioning.  This is why Tillerson must be opposed.  Just not ready for this job!
@CathyWentzel WTF!
lie
Thank you for pressing for the truth, keep the pressure on, we depend on you!
@denisebetsports I enjoyed watching your questioning of Tillerson.
please do not approve this man . He is dangerous to all of us ! @realDonaldTrump

I call B.S.  There is no way that Tillerson and Trump have NOT discussed their mutual buddy Putin. No Way!!!
@Tina49747372  They just seem to amaze me everyday...
WE HAVE 80% muslims running our goverment..now that is too be a concern..BLM GROUPS VISIT THE WHITE HOUSE DAILY..WAKE UP..
@potus barely had a cabinet assembled by this time. Where were you then?
Vote yes for PE Trump's designated Sec of State, Mr. Tillerson represents a departure f/political hacks to real leadership.
There is NO more qualified leader than R. Tillerson to lead Sec of State. Has more experience in world affairs than U.
Russia was the FIRST thing they talked about other than fleecing Oil!
@catalishus2 I spit out my coffee and laughed my ass off.
that's not amazing that's a heaping pile of BULLS**T
@1zzyzyx1 He is a traitor!!!
@3DTruth you gotta wonder how stupid he thinks everyone is or can they just not stop lying?
aside from the recent unsubstantiated report, something is going on with Trump, Tillerson and Putin
It sounds like you are calling him a liar? I find your arrogance pretty amazing- when did you become omnipotent?
Menendez is a kook, koolaide drinker, looked like a fool today
How's your bribery and corruption case coming?

How about "Pretty amazing that he can lie with a straight face like that"? Don't let Trump and cronies destroy us.
you were so impressive today? You "facts" him over! @Fahrenthold
TOTAL BS.......Good job with the questions, PLEASE URGE others to VOTE NO to confirm!
More sad
the soon to be POTUS has not discussed Russia with his soon to be SEC STATE? As citizens, how can we know more than them?
Thank you Senator
How do you keep from screaming "HAVE YOU PREPARED FOR THIS AT ALL?!?" at these idiots? My hat's off to you, Senator.
Now u should know he is lying
Thank you!
@Watchdogsniffer I dont believe this! Otherwise DT did not choose his cabinet members...others did (Bannon, Flynn???)
@charlene_rallo @MSNBC UnFreakingBelieveable!!!
@arcadiaoccult So the Republican Party are Russian sympathizers? OK!
@Martina Why would he? Trump and Tillerson think Putin is their friend. He also said he's not sure about sanctions.
Court rejects Sen. Robert Menendez's attempt to get corruption case thrown out. Supreme Court next? Your Moral Authority?
@dougnot2   Good job today. @SenatorMenendez @ThomboyD
@Pgn3540 amazing or pathetic
During their initial interview one would think Russia would be discussed .Doesn't want to talk about it ,should not lie
The "((Shrug)) I dunno" defense. One of my favorites!
@Fahrenthold trump has no idea
are you relate to that sick pervert jose menendez?
@Fahrenthold
 
that's what he says about everything
great job today
@ImpactDemocracy  You should have said, I call bullshit.
Well we now know he is a liar.
I hear a train a-coming... it's coming 'round the bend...
impeach him please
please save us from this lunatic
Is this man under oath when he is talking to the committee? Is this not testimony? Where are ethics reports
I was floored by him and session, yesterday, saying same thing.  dt too busy tweeting insults?
@Fahrenthold 
Trump imcompetent. Sure the mtgs were extended meet and greet stuff. Ask if he talked w Flynn et al?!?
@Fahrenthold Then he'll be a perfect SOS for this administration since they don't seem to care about what's important.
dereliction of duty from the start
@pudderboy  I don't believe that's true. I don't think anyone in that room (in good faith) can believe that. Tillerson 
THANK YOU for holding Tillerson feet to the fire, demanding substantial answers, representing American voters.
And to lie with the a straight face too. He didn't even flinch. #NewWorldOrder
@BenBerkon Keep pressing hard, he can not be SOS!
@Fahrenthold the state where I was born - thank you @senarorMenendez
Thank you for amazing work today.
You cannot confirm him
as a NJ voter and someone that has voted for you, please do not approve this man!
Have you thought about getting an acting gig?
Keep the heat on, for all of us!
How can you make a decision to support this guy if he does not know what Prez Elect would have him fight for. Waste of time
@Fahrenthold 
Trump's sons will handle that, I guess.
what's amazing is people continue to leave you in office, should focus on your state god knows it needs help
prez elect was busy watching snl and courting romney. No time 4 Russia talk.
Ask him in private! You DO NOT flap ur lips about strategy! And don't forget how UR DEMS screwed U over, so knock it off!
The fact he admitted sanctions hurt businesses,(ExxnMobil was hurt w/them)makes him not qualified.Wants troops in harms way
@justomunoz Well Senator amazed at how you democrats are ok with the Clin Foundation and its  tentacles! Double standard
I wasn't OK with all the tentacles. Your turn...
Will you block Tillerson and the rear of the cabinet of raiders? How will you stand up for majority who voted against DJT?
Trump hasn't discussed policy w/ American people during debates OR during his rallies. He'll delegate that to appointees.
"When The US imposes sanctions.. it by definition harms US business"   nuf said  throw this bum out
Yes, it is pretty amazing that someone could lie like this. Oscar nomination worthy.
@Fahrenthold Sometimes it seems the only Trump-Tillerson meeting was one time at adjacent urinals in Vegas.
@Fahrenthold    VOTE NO. tillerson is a damn liar 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews how many times can he lie ?#freeloader
thank you. Please keep on @Fahrenthold
@baynardwoods #PrettyAmazing
Describes our corrupt politics well.
Still nothing re evidence of #RiggedPrimary huh?? 
@FBI @AP

What's amazing is that such a corrupt Hudson County politician who schemed 2 make it 2 the Senate is not in Jail!
@marcorubio Pretty amazing indeed. I don't support Tillerson: unprepared, conflicted, experience ONLY in energy sector.
@marcylauren   Because Agent Orange doesn't talk.
please deny his appointment.
@MiaFarrow
Well..that proves how STUPID you are!!!
@Fahrenthold Trump should have spent time discussing this with Tillerson than hanging out with Don King
Where is Perry Mason when you need him? He could have squeezed Rex into a matchbox.
Shows how they are both cons and ill suited for their positions.  Thanks for question and comment.
@Fahrenthold he's not telling the truth.. Great job today Senator Menendez..
@Fahrenthold I believe him. Trump too busy watching Golden Globes, reading Breitbart and Lifezette, etc.
not only surprising, it's disturbing!!
@Fahrenthold yep amazing
Good questions. Maybe you could specifically ask for his views on Putin, compared w the PE's. That'd be equally telling. TY
It's pretty amazing that you LIE that NO nation has tried to wall themselves off since Germany. Saudis, Israel, 63 MORE.
@Fahrenthold These people out of touch,No, afraid of making comments because they dont know Trump policy TBD. We're Fucked.
@Fahrenthold vote no
He is lying.
We discussed all kinds of showers, but somehow #GoldenShowers never came up for discussion.
#rejectREX country b4 party, he is corrupt
.@SenatorMenendez @Fahrenthold Menendez is a CROOK..His ARROGANT SARCASTIC COMMENTS are WORTHLESS 
http://www.politico.com/story/2016/09/menendez-loses-in-appeals-court-228127 …
more insanity. Gonna be a lot more to come. Hard to keep up with.
@Fahrenthold Great job Senator
Please keep up the proper vetting, our country depends on it
Not bloody likely.   Thanks,  Senator  #tillersonfail
@Fahrenthold he's lying or he's incompetent for the job.  There's really no in between here anymore
@Fahrenthold please do NOT confirm this man no more Russian influence needed in our government
- Putting mildly. And you should not vote to confirm.
@Fahrenthold may have been on purpose so he could deny. Prob talked to a surrogate
.@SenatorMenendez @ShaunKing Should be thrilled to have @RexTillersonHQ working for #USA. Cheap shot passive aggressive coward Sen.'s suck
he's a disgrace too. Please do the right thing. Save us!
@anitae72 Trump has not thought about how to run the country fat is actual proof
Thank you SIR!!  :)
@ShaunKing They didn't even discuss Russia? Either he's lying under oath or he's stupid. Neither are good.
You're right. It is amazing. This man cannot do the job he was hired to do. This must be stopped.
@ShaunKing When regular citizens have conversations and he hasn't yet...Really ? # nocredibility #unbelievable
you did a great job with you time during the confirmation hearing.
Wonderful listening to you today! Keep up the good work
Hey, it just didn't come up. Unbelievable!
i hope the American people now wake up & work on finding progressive folks we can get behind! for 2020.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you for your questioning.
@ShaunKing Good questioning today. VOTE NO ON TILLERSON.
maybe trump was too busy meeting with his Dubai businessman friend
