I wish if I was one of them 
Somebody tell Tiny Tim the president wants to get rid of the immigrant criminals only 
and work something out with the good ones to make them legal
troll/fool/bot
So why don't you help them get their citizenship? You guys are all talk.
: Hire Legal Immigrants then. Problem solved. Support Secure Border Wall & Enforcement.
Since Apple wants to comment on politics, how many citizens have they sponsored from other countries?  Tim.......?
On top of quality, looks, and performance; this is another good reason for me to continue purchasing Apple products.
Me too!
How about f**k you did they come here legally and you can drop the bullshit saying that they are your coworkers .
How about telling us how much you respect them by what do they make per hour health coverage etc. Etc

How much do you make!! 
You are a Ass
How about employing handicapped people in your stores. I've never seen any wheelchair users in your stores. All you people care about are those who sneak into our country, breaking our laws.
And we deserve the biggest American company to actually keep American money here instead of Ireland to avoid paying federal taxes. You have Chinese slave labor making your products and keep profits outside the country but care about Dreamers?
If I  BREAK FEDERAL LAW (as a CITIZEN ) ... I GO TO JAIL! !!!
Thanks for publicly supporting this just cause and I agree that it’s morale issue. Hope our politicians (Republicans and Democrats) also care about these dreamers and act instead of playing politics
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @CNBC
Why haven't they applied for citizenship?
They would lose to many Government freebies!
Yeah and CHILD LABOR in your China Vendors Factories making iPhoney's  CONTRIBUTE BIG PROFITS to your Greedy Cash Stash, Apparently YOU ARE NOT  OFFENDED BY THAT, HUH????
Your Dream is for cheap labor at the cost to American workers and their Tax Dollars that go to support these Human Rats!
Time to send the #ICE wagons to @Apple and maybe one for Tim Cook FOR #aiding and #abetting #IllegalAliens

Tim Cook
@tim_cook
250 of my Apple coworkers are #Dreamers. I stand with them. They deserve our respect as equals and a solution rooted in American values.
See... Your interest is not in what is right or legal. Which are the laws of US immigration and the consequences for those who break them!
Your interest is purely financial! MY coworkers are illegal immigrants, I don't care as long as I don't have to hire new ones!  #BIGBUSINESS
Interesting how no one is talking about the Democratic legislatures turning down Trump's generous offer to reinstate DACA.  Trump's deal was to reinstate DACA, and allow them to bring in their parents and relatives in exchange for$25b for border wall.
Why didn't they pursue legal residency or citizenship in all that time? I know people who were brought here against their will, but chose to be legal residents.
mr. COOK?? What the heck do YOU suggest the USA does to STOP ILLEGAL ENTRY into our country .... YOUR democats did NOTHING when THEY were in the position to do so. This idiocy has been going on now for WELL OVER 40 YEARS!!!!
Longtime Apple customer here. Please stay out of politics. Maybe refocus your thoughts to asking why there is no Mac Pro, or iTunes is such a mess, or the terrible keyboard and lack of ports on the MacBook Pro. You know, important stuff your shareholders and customers care about.
: Hire Legal Immigrants then. Problem solved.
so put them on a track to citizenship, pony up some of that money $AAPL has and get them set up....until then, they are illegals...no need to be cheap here Tim
Mr Cook you know the D in DACA s/for DEFERRED!! Obama “deferred” action because he knew SCOTUS would dececlare the action unconstitutional. Stop giving $$ to Democrats who have abandoned your “dreamers”.  Must build the wall or we have no country at all.
u do seem really big on those H1-B visas. anything to not pay americans what they should be paid.
Are they the people you hired to help dodge taxes? Apple's idea of doing the right thing is hiring 250 people while ripping off 250 million.
DACA pay taxes
Looks like a really good time for @realDonaldTrump and #America supporters to stop buying Apple products.
I guess the United States wants Apple to open more offices outside of the United States to employ the smart people. It is frustrating ...
Any firm with any kind of decent moral values should be making arrangements to  move. The rest of the World should stop buying American
So, their parents BROKE our law, jumped the line & came here illegally - why do they deserve our respect?
They were children for pity sake
so many of them DEMANDED. you don't demand anything!. Is that how you teach your kids, to demand & cave in? hell no. So many of them waving flags from Mex.& ignoring the rest of those people,  that is racist & greedy. Did the blacks do the same,no they fought 4 all colors.
I will probably change out my next phone and computer to non-Apple product

Your hired people ILLEGALLY in America for Apple gain. #Pathetic
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Executive_order_(United_States) … constitutional and legal.
1/2 Citizenship either means something or it doesn't.  As human beings, they of course deserve dignity and respect.  What they don't...
2/2 ... automatically deserve is equal status as fully-fleged citizens, because - unlike LEGAL IMMIGRANTS - they scorned the process.
Compassion for one should not come at the expense of another. What do you say to the 250 Americans who are denied to accommodate Dreamers?
Can you ask all the Americans working abroad to return home so that their jobs can be given back to the natives
-That is fair.
If an employer truly stands with it’s “Dreamers,” they would sponsor their citizenship!  Remember, Apple and Google claim that their head office is located outside the United States so they can avoid paying taxes that would ultimately support the “Dreamers “ and their families.
You are a DISGRACE to the University of Auburn. Never ever say “War Eagle” EVER AGAIN TRAITOR !
i support this!
It's all about cheap labor.
Hey Tim! Do they get paid the same as you?!
Thanks for the tip     

@ICEgov
American values respect the law-better rephrase that fool. #IllegalAlien is #Illegal

You mean that you're intentionally hiring illegal aliens? You do know its currently illegal. That doesn't count i suppose. Did Steve know your socialism dreams trump the future of Apple?
AMERICANS FIRST!!!
求赠送iphone  X
#Dreamers as Illegal immigrants ?
Honesty and Coherence, This is the America, Not Racism, Xenofoby, And Apartheid! #StopRacism
 𝐋𝐚𝐭𝐞𝐞 𝐒𝐦𝐢𝐭𝐡 (and others like him) is a Dreamer too:
#TimCook4Pres2020
Recently discovered I'm on spectrum. The first dream I followed through properly without guilt led me to an idea For @Apple how to contact?
Then they should know that they are not above the law. Nobody is. Help them become a citizen or atleast some documentation.
I really don’t like being told what to think. However, I enjoy apple products. Please stay focused and keep the opinions. 
@Jcquale Yeah, and I choose to NEVER buy an Apple product.
Attack this policy!
Isnt it just brain robbery from latin poor countries? sure they will never get the best/important jobs in apple. Brain drainage it is. Shame
IN CHINA,250 MEANS foolish~
This is great but maybe you need to pay more attention to Apple biz and less to politics. Letting X be delayed almost 2 months a disgrace!!!
$1000 phones built by illegal labor. Classic.
Tim Cook legacy  , crap tech and political tweets
ILLEGAL means ILLEGAL. American LAW. is American values. Apple should be fined for everyday you employ ILLEGAL workers. Activism is NOT LAW.
Correction: 250 of my employees are illegal


They Don't, do you think Mexico would allow you to Sneak Across the Border, ILLEGALLY? They give you Welfare, and An Education? NO,#JAIL
Why would anybody want to sneak into Mexico? There's not a better life there. People r afraid of their country & they feel forced to move. Duh.
America has values, and it also has laws. Ignoring the laws we have passed is not one of the values.
however, old enough they should have applied for papers. willingly did not.  good people applied and received citizenship
You guys are live in a cocoon that doesn't know the REAL American life.
US national debts are skyrocketing under Obama. Trump is trying to fix it but got blame by people like you and Zuckerberg.
If a country is not strong & not self sufficient how can it stand. How do you explain the money helping out dreamers but the core is rotting
250 jobs open up for dreamers are wonderful but have you think about the 250 jobs that lost for the real US citizens.
so give them 6 months to pay all of the fees to start citizenship - I am a Native American why  won't hire me ??
That'll wonderful if you can hire 800,000 of them. At least you can solve the unthinkable issue. Meanwhile who can support them.
They had years to become legal citizens and chose not to.... deport them all
What about respect for Americans ?
American values used to include The Rule of Law. At what point did you decide that the rule which enabled us all to live together was wrong?
So, they get a pass on going thru the process and paperwork and paying big bucks on becoming US citizens! BULLSHIT! i support TRUMP!
Ditto !! 
Islaves that get paid dick Money making trash quality products.
, Our method of perpetual, repeat, PERPETUAL punishment of U #antiWhites is to get $trillions out ur estates. #WhiteGENOCIDE
WE KNOW WHY - YOU DON'T CARE - EVEN IF ILLEGALS - MAKE US LIVE - IN CONCRETE DUST Jews of Khazaria, Mexican DNA matches Sephardic heritage
YOU need to run Apple and NOT run the government.  We have over 30 MILLION illegals here.  When is enough?  Get real Cook
Mr. Tim's subject matter may be simple for you but it is important to me. I would like you to show interest
Great..you can house them all in your new spaceship..
How many of your slave labor Chinese at foxconn are dreamers ??
If they work for you then clearly they have the money to apply for citizenship. tell them to become legal to fulfill that dream.
Also it's the LAW! Read the constitution- how can u support this? Of course they're taking US jobs. Can I b hired if I pretend to b #DACA?
I can't get a job at Apple due to ur high standards and crazy interviews but all I had to do was b here illegally? Unamerican!
What an inane statement ... Cook lives in a reality of his making ...
is it possible to make a new 4 inch phone? i think we (the 4 inch lovers) are still alive and not few!
You hired how many dreamers + how many H1B Visa holders +how many H2B Visa holders-AKA Dem voters-Thats a lot of jobs stolen from Americans
I stand with them and the number who join the military in search of citizenship.
maybe u can get them a visa to work at Apple, so dreamers can stay.
FYI dreamers are not illegals, they all their documents just that expired every 2 years
Apple has been an awesome company. Giving to many. I truly respect apple for contributing to education with technology.
So Apple hires illegals isn't there a law against that?  Not that Apple follows many laws nor like they care about child labor laws
Wrong
So ...you admit 250 jobs for AMERICANS with dreams of DACA ends ?
You already have more #H1Bs than any company in America, why not get those #DREAMers legit visas like the rest of your cheap foreign labor?
"it's the reason you sell so expensive!?"
They are here illegally.
They r not legal citizens under the constitution. Blame parents! respect the laws! Luv your products not your beliefs!
Some allowed into the military with promise of citizenship. One has died in service , given citizenship posthumously.
Of course you do!! Cheap Labor!
What about the slave labor you use in China to make iPhones?
Then tell them to become citizens.  There is a process.  And while your at it, start standing behind your products.
A leader that credits his workers
Cafeteria staff.
Are they legal as our law states??
So... Paying illegal aliens, well below minimum wage, is American Values now?
Equals as humans yes..Equals as Americans no
Tim likes having employees that can't stand up for themselves without the threat of being deported.. scum bag would rather hire illegals
If they dont follow simple laws, what makes you think theyll obey other laws? The ability to lie about something small makes large lies easy
Land of 'freedom' has had a "No Vacancy" sign for years. Luckily for them, we dont implement foreign laws. Illegals are economic terrorists.
Congress must act on this.  It is not within the @POTUS ‘ Constitutional authority.  There is an answer.
I agree. Only congress can propose immigration legislation.
Great
Dues #dreamers Pay taxes that citizens need to pay? #taxes #equal
Yes they do
How is someone here illegally equal to someone here legally? That makes no sense.
How many of your workers are in Chinese sweat shops so you can charge $1300 for a crappy plastic phone?
Cook: how to get rich in America and then turn around and screw its citizens that made you rich!
how about the kids working in the sweatshop conditions over in Apple's plants in China? Dreams come at a cost I suppose.
I applaud you Tim! Now will you pay for their families to come legally to United States? after they wait their turn like all other people
Then put it in law and put it on the pres desk.. don't cry for the people who can get money for free when my family is suffering
Theodore Roosevelt Quotes. No man is above the law and no man is below it: nor do we ask any man's permission when we ask him to obey it.
Stand with #Dreamers #DACA "@tim_cook https://twitter.com/MagaliLin/timelines/906225985888157696 …
it's really sad to see a subculture in your company which totally defies everything you stand for
but your employees themselves don't give good service in India. How do you justify that?
Why did you hire 250 illegal immigrants? You are thumbing your nose at the rule of law. Try hiring actual American citizens from now on.
250 less American jobs. Of course you can pay them less, also, which is the point, right?
So you stand with .00021% of your workforce ... sounds legit
How many illegals buy 1200.00 cellphones? I thought you were a social justice warrior? Oh, only after your pockets are padded by capitalism
0...but I'm sure they get something like Our food stamps etc..then send what apple pays them back to Mexico..they use us!! Don't be niave!!!
So you're saying (flaunting)  the law means nothing to you?
You sir should take your "dreamers" and move to fucking mexico, let us Americans handle our own business
No Cook, they are illegal & should be deported. I'm done with Apple.
If you want to be a politican, run for office instead of running my company. I was a stockholder long before you ran Apple. #FiduciaryDuty
3Q
Apple acts anti-free speech.  American values my ass.
Recently Apple deleted some apps just because they were developed by Iranian developers.
We don't wanna get involved in political matters.
They are illegal, the parents at one time or another,told their kids about avoiding ICE. No amnesty. Leave and start at beginning.
Why only 250?
Well, you need to go to jail for hiring illegal aliens.  This isn't a debate- people in this country illegally need to leave.
@ICEgov send agents to apple asap
Then shame on you. They are STEALING jobs, money, resources from ACTUAL, LEGAL citizens... And you are fostering it.
How about the law? How about the Constitution? If you don't want to obey the laws of the United States, then leave Cook.
As an Apple shareholder, I'm glad to see that the company is being openly supportive of #Dreamers. Thanks, Tim!
I say maybe your company should be audited, maybe there are other laws u broke. Typing this on an Android phone.
I worked my ass off to earn citizenship. Not by some executive order. I dont get a job as a legal immigrant? Of course I dont stand with you
If they want to be our equals then they should not be breaking the law by being here illegally if I break the law I go to jail
I have a dream as well Tim. Like having the ability of having a job,supporting my household and not asking for preferential treatment.
There is other Americans like me that has the same dream So why are companies like yours employ illegal aliens #BOYCOTTAPPLEPRODUCTS
How do you pay them?cheap labor is the only reason you hire them and stand with them,you are a big part of the problem
U like2pay lower wages that's why u are "pro-illegal". U don't want 2pay a proper wage to Americans. U use these people for profit. #SpareMe
While Stealing job's Americans need & want
The solution  "rooted in American values" is prosecution and deportation as well as a hefty fine for YOU.  We are a nation of laws.
No Tim Cooke People that deserve your support & the opportunity to work are American citizens. I support heavy penalties for hiring illegals
Jerk
Any mention of the law? Which laws can we break? If I Dream of having an iPhone & take one from an @apple store next month u ok with that?
You and Apple are part of the problem , not the solution
Dear Mr Cook: Not sure why you would knowingly hire illegal immigrants to work for Apple. Laws against that. Why not hire military vets? 
Never going to happen. Mr Cook only concerned about himself & $$$. Not truly concerned about jobs for Americans. Make $ by slave labor w ims
Border control is an American value, as is citizenship. They are criminals who have no right to be here. #sendthemback
Illegal. Period.
So you're admitting to 250 counts of federal law violations.  Good to know.  They deserved parents who followed the law.  Blame them.
They deserve to be treated as the criminals they are and you should be in prison for hiring them.
So you knowingly hired people who aren't legally able to work in the US? cc: @ICEgov
...your landscape crew? Problem #1 - When hard working people get Americanized (lazy) & only want to work in A/C offices selling import junk
But why it take them so many years to become legal special when they get so much support from gov. They seem have more right than any legals
The parents brings their kids illegally with the hope they become legal then they can ask gor their parents1/2
I hope you treat them better than your "employees" in China
How many legal citizens did you pass over for those jobs? Wonder what they're all doing now while you act like they owe #Dreamers something
So you will be OK with me stealing iPhones as long as I give them to children? They "dream" too
citizen not equal to non-citizen
You're a criminal.
This is called illegal hiring, why don't show more sympathy to American heroes, Tim? @jeffsessions
Rather than stand why dont u start innovating Like what Jobs did vs u riding his legacy. Maybe you could stop warming over Jobs ideas.
Wow, I didn't know apple had sweatshops in this country too!
@ICEgov there are 250 illegals that need help getting home. Also, a employer who needs jail time.
U, need to be arrested,,, Aiding and Abetting ,,, 5yrs
Slavery was the law; women denied the vote was the law; death penalty is law in some states, not in others. THE LAW is unequal, unfair.
