@patmanspitbbq4  DACA isnt going anywhere.  YOur boy Trump is gonna lose..........AGAIN
DACA just went bye bye!
Question, where's "Repeal and Relplace" now? Exactly.  DACA will be in the courts.  It ain't goin anywhere #sucker
it is coming, takes a while to fix 8 years of stupid!
Really?  And how old are you?  Bwahaha!!
old enuff to know the Democraps are Anti-American and Demonic!
This will go to the courts.  Hope you didnt put money on this.
Wait...this dude is on trial. He is a crook..
Trump he not a president he ass hole start trouble. All time say anything dumpy
Are you not supposed to be in jail ?
Congress needs to do something about helping #DACA to citizens, Not presidential order. Time to come together & stop resistive behavior!
Stop Trump's ethnic cleansing, please. This has to stop.
Insulting to those who really are effected by ethnic cleansing!  Get educated and stop propaganda. DACA to citizens by congress is good!
I'd say the same to you.
HaHa!!    Lecturing @POTUS on law and order on the eve of your corruption trial.  #menendezcorruption #hypocrite
BUT Democrat Sen Menendez is in the middle of a HORRIBLE CORRUPTION TRIAL.
He doesn't care about Daca, he only wants the focus off his TRIAL
Maybe it will help if you bang your head against the bars when in prison serving your sentence. What a crook & a crock.
Why is MSM not reporting on your bribery trial???
Hey Bob, I would be more worried about my trial coming up on the 6th than #DACA
Ending Anchor Babies & Enacting the #RAISEAct might be  fair swap
Wouldn't be devastating for me. Now get back to court and admit your guilt.
my gosh, the nerve of you. thief
Did the underage Dominican hookers you 'allegedly' banged put you up to this? Wait, you all aren't on speaking terms anymore are you?
Hey! Why haven't you worked to change the law. The executive order wasn't legal, so why??? Too busy with your extracurriculars?
Hilariously Hypocritical for @SenatorMenendez to talk about "Law & Order" and his corruption trial starts this week.
Seriously, dude, you are the last person to speak on law and order.  You are on TRIAL for VIOLATING LAW and ORDER!!!
But they can take skills they learned here and help their real country!
Does the possibility of jail cloud your brain? Maybe you see loss of undocumented Democrat votes? Enjoy your time in prison for corruption!
Law and Order?Hmmm
Thank you, Senator.  I agree -- please fight hard against this
That is a lot fewer Democrat voters!
Requiring people to follow the law. What a concept.
Congress and the Senate just stick together and fight this devastation
Dude... you need to keep your trap shut - you didn't do your job when you need d to now you are trial with theses - you've no credibility
Congress needs to do their jobs
#Dreamers are a #Nightmare for US Workers!  #EndDACA
Shouldn't u b in jail?
well senator this is what can happen when leaders act lawlessly & without foundation - all the bloviating in the world won't change facts
Targeting young citizens, who will carry the future financial burden of your pandering for votes, is profoundly immoral.
When does your trial start?
Great Speech
Criminals go 2 jail U R being held accountable for breaking our laws #CorruptBob has a new uniform #PrisonStripes

It seems you are in favor of granting amnesty for ALL lawbreakers, regardless of their crimes. How is THAT #LawAndOrder?
Out of control.
"Do You Know What a HAZA is" @SenatorMenendez ? "it's a pig who dont fly straight" #maga #drainingtheswamp
Bravo sir. Now PLEASE do something about DT and get him OUT
I thought you were in jail?
Aren't you under criminal investigation for bribery?
Ending #DACA
DACA is an executive order.   Trade DACA for the wall.  Win-Win.
time to stay strong!
http://ICE.gov  is the biggest threat by far.  Deportations, "private prisons"    Just modern day NAZI scum.
#DefendDACA
800,000 young ppl who've been following rules & paying $500/yr just to have the program yanked. They are teachers, 1st responders, military
If you cared so much legislation would be ready and waiting!
No Bob it would send illegals back to Mexico..
Then do something about it. Instead of whining and blaming trump
Bob knows a thing or two about young people
#Treason
800,000 illegal aliens dumped upon our country #EndDACA  keep your promise #POTUS isn't the illegal aliens anchors dumped on US enough?
800,000 Dreamers and 15,000 Transgender Military put out a job. 815,000 ppl out of a job in 6 months.
Wow 800,000 jobs for LEGAL AMERICANS who r out of work. Thats a great thing!!! Why worry more about illegals than Americans?
An economy expands with more jobs. It isn't an either/or question. An added shift adds more jobs to the pool. Thus, more $ in the economy.
Illegals dont add jobs they take jobs away from Americans. Its time Americans take our country back & STOP worrying more about non-Americans
What jobs do you know of currently employing Dreamers? And the evidence that there is full employment which would filled with others?
What r u saying- these dreamers arent working? How r they supporting themselves- collecting welfare benefits that American taxpayers pay 4?
Aren't you facing corruption charges?
He has lots of issues, but yes!!!
Targeting you to go to jail would be law and order. Why are we even having to to listen to you?
This is the Dems 1st step. Their next step is to give citizenship to their parents. This must be stoped. We have homeless, hungry Americans.
Oir president doesn't care who he targets no heart or soul he just wants to erase Obama's presidency's how sad how weak  how desperate
Do something then.
Speaking of Law and Order Bobby, how's the trial going?
If these people are so well prepared for life, their home countries should welcome them as a new generation of non corrupt citizens
Write a bill. Pass it. Ask your dr. Pal to help
http://congress.gov/bill/115th-con … amend section 5acii and vote for this bill and stop grandstanding TY @GrahamBlog
He is going to jail, lawbreakers stick together it seems.
What difference does it make!! You are to be in prison. Oh I understand it's your voter base. Got it.
Doesn’t your corruption/bribery case start tomorrow? You can pal around with illegals in prison
Law and order? LAW AND ORDER? Please. You're about to face jail
Coming from a corrupt senator means a lot to us. You should focus on your trial imo.
Of course he did it.
Democrats love cheap labor because of their big corporate donors. Time to take a stand for American workers. #VoteThemOut #Resist
This is wonderful news!
