It's through government overreach that SCOTUS has power over individual. 
You're display is nothing but partian politics.
Uphold your oath!
He IS upholding his oath by denying a misogynist, corporate slave who will make  SC judgements according to his religious-terrorist mindset
Did you watch any of the confirmation hearing? Or are you just going by what MSM is telling you? Did you look at his record yourself?
Thank you!
He will become a Supreme Court judge anyway 
Have you studied at all about Gorsuch's misogynistictic judgements? As a fellow female, I beg you to have more compassion 4 yr gender, etc.
The disability thing is bullshit he goes by law not what he thinks is right
Thanks @SenatorMenendez for tweeting the right decision so this NJ voter + @DemsAbroad doesn't have to call
Thank you for coming out publicly with your #NoGorsuch statement. Your voters appreciate it. 
thank you Senator!!!
Thank you Sen Menendez!!
Thank you!
We're behind you, Senator!
Thank you, Senator!
Got as far as the -14 part and i agree. Glad to have you as my senator. Help remind @realDonaldTrump #thisisnotagameanditsnotfortheweak
Thank you!!
Thank you!
Thank you! 
Thank you, senator! I appreciate all you do- I knew we voted correctly 
thank you for your leadership
Thank you Sen Menendez
Thank you Senator.
wise judgement, thank you!
Thank you so much, @SenatorMenendez.
Thank you for listening to us, Senator!
This is a bum, standing in judgement of a SCOTUS nominee. Wrap your head around THAT
Thank you, support the filibuster. I live in your district.
Thankyou  07013
Thank you #MerrickGarland
Will you commit to aiding the #FilibusterGorsuch We MUST #StopGorsuch and NJ is counting on your help Senator!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you!
Thanks Senator. Have to admit you had me worried.  Almost stopped by one Gateway yesterday when I was in Newark
Hope you won't have to appeal YOUR  case to SCOTUS. Say bye-bye crooked Bob!  Barry & Hillary will be joining you
Thank you, @SenatorMenendez
Thank you @SenatorMenendez
In short, your pitching a fit cuz your party lost to @POTUS . Get over it already. BTW, when is your trial?
Thank you Senator!
Thank you @SenatorMenendez #NJ #TrumpRussia
thank you Senator Menendez.
THANK YOU.
Good principles, good decision. Thank you.
@nj11forchange This constituent  appreciates your explain and stand. Thank you!
The USA needs someone on the SC that follows the letter of the law and constitution.  What part of this do U & Dems not understand? @potus
Ur partisan hatred is tiresome and is part of why democrats will continue to lose. Americans r smarter than u think. #MAGA
As an independent voter and not on side of either party i see you and the others being really awful.  There is nothing wrong with  Judge.
Thank you!
Thank you Senator for standing up for the American people when we need you the most.
Thank you Senator! This nominee must not be confirmed without at least 60 votes! #FilibusterGorsuch
Peer pressure.
Thank you Senator Menendez!
Because he doesn't like to have sex with young girls like you do?
Thank you for taking the time to explain why Gorsuch is not qualified for the court - the cases you mention describe a cruel individual
You're from New Jersey. Enough said.
Thank you for your vote to preserve the right a of all
I see you got my call! Thanks!!
Weren't you the guy who got caught with underage hookers?
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you, Senator Menendez.
Thank you senator!
Thank you for giving us a voice!
Thank you for listening to our calls!!
Thank you, Senator Menendez.
Heartfelt many thanks for your continued diligence in caring for our beautiful country!
About time. 

Lest you forget, you work for the citizens of New Jersey.
simply stated: because #wedeservebetter
Thank you @SenatorMenendez for pledging not to support Gorsuch!
Thank you Senator!  You have my NJ support for this decision!
Thank you @SenatorMenendez !!!
Thank you so very much, Senator!!!
Thank you for listening to your constituents and voting NO. #MerrickGarland
Thank you, Senator, for listening to me and the many other NJ constituents who called about this crucial issue.
Thank you from a fellow NJ resident. We do not need a judge who is  bias!!!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Senator!!!
Thank you Senator Menendez!
Thank you Senator!! Woo hoo!!
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you for listening, Senator.
@SenatorMenendez as your constituent, I am happy to hear your decision.  You have a lot of supporters in NJ.
Thank you Senator!
Because he's Trump's choice. And hillary lost, as will you. #turnnjred
Thank you, senator.
#SenatorMenendez Thank you Senator. #Scotus nominees should be center enough to get 60 votes. Otherwise you endorse polarization of the govt
Thank you 
Democrats set the precedent and then whine when Republicans employee the same tactics. The Biden Rule was fine when in you favor. Hypocrisy!
The Democrat party never followed a "Biden rule." It was proposed for late summer 1992 but ignored. It is cited by Republicans for coverage.
thank you for listening to us, your voters. #VoteNoOnGorsuch
So pleased to hear that  Marianne Kehoe  Garwood
Thank you, Senator, for listening to your constituents! #FilibusterGorsuch
be sure to wear your new killer underwear on Friday
Yes!! Thank you from NJ! POTUS can't pick a SC justice until he is cleared of treason. His presidency is #illegitimate #democracyUnderAttack
Thank you, Senator.
thank you
Thank you!!
Thank you!!
Same rationale as most other @TheDemocrats, indicating a complete lack of independent thinking and a huge disservice to NJ
Repeal 17th Amndt
Thank you Sen. Menendez.... a brave and important vote in our blessedly blue NJ. Fair is fair...
thats ok, your under investigation anyway LOL, you won't be around much longer
Thank you so much, Senator Menendez! I hope you filibuster him, too!
Thank you and please support the filibuster
Thank you for doing the right thing #resist
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you, Senator!
#SusanRice preparing to say illicit domestic spying was due to YouTube video. Then call Bannon a Nazi again & the MSM will cheer all of it.
Thank you for listening to your constituents @SenatorMenendez
thank you!
Thank you!
cause you're a puppet
Because your an A-hole was good enuogh for me.
Just glad you came to the right decision!
Gorsuch was unanimously voted in 10th circuit in 2006. Admit it, you are voting no because the Dems are trying to ruin Trump. STOP
So was Garland. But that didn't stop republicans from even CONSIDERING giving Garland a hearing
I'm not saying that that is right either. They both need to work together and move forward. They are not really serving the people are they.
YES! THANK YOU SENATOR! As a constituent, I am so happy to hear that.
Ok good. I was hearing you weren't commited.
Don't you have 20 felony counts pending against you, as you speak? Correct me if I'm wrong but, if true.....you should be quiet and fired.
What's that probably-not-from-NJ Twitter Egg? You want us all to #mute you because you aren't from NJ and are a fake account? 
Wish granted!
Distinguish senator from New Jersey. I and many others voters feel the same way. Today i am a proud democrat. Thank you
As a resident of NJ, I am very unhappy about your decision. You voted for him in 2006 and he has proven himself to be worthy.
You post a lot about Tennessee for someone who says they are from NJ. And almost nothing about NJ. Interesting.
Huh? I post about TN? I think you are mistaken.
Thank you Senator!
Coming from NJ and being pro labor I would hope you vote no on Neil Gorsuch as he is proven to be anti-labor THANK YOU
Thank you Senator Menendez. I'm sure you're going to get some nastiness, but many of us here in NJ support you and this decision.
Bite a rock, senator
Thank you for hearing our voices!!!
