can u explain why you hug terrorists?
please vote against Tillerson. The women of your state are standing together!
I appeciated your skillful questioning of Tillerson.  Thank you.
this is a very childish tweet. Grow up!
#trustyness
@TruthEqualsFact We heard that and more...so "principles"? Do NOT vote for him. + don't believe him about Cuba: based on $.
Very proud to be from NJ today! Thanks to you & @CoryBooker for defending democracy on our behalf.
T Rex will eat you for lunch once he is SOS
Let's hope that does not happen. Rex = Ruskie crony. He does not put America first & ignored sanctions to make $$
u do really need to grow UP
, you weren't impressed with P.E.'s selection for Sec of State. I'd bet he's better than this:
review Rachel Maddow news last night. Exxon, oil, Tillerson, Trump Putin. Waiting to make billions if sanctions lifted
Thank you for your superb questions of Tillerson and your candid interview on CNN ,, we appreciate you.
from guy who received gifts + favors in his office #Corruption #ConfirmationHearings #RexTillerson
Thank you, Sen Menendez. As a constituent, I'm counting on you & @SenBookerOffice to obstruct Trump at every turn.
Please stop treating Trump's crooked cronies with kit gloves. When they lie to your face call them out on it! #ResistTrump
@SenateDems  hey menendez how's all ur legal problems going ?? U should have been gone u has been low life
It's quite possible  Tillerson did not know what his Co. was doing w/congress. U guys usually meet lobby in dark places $$
Did he ask you about your multiple felony indictment and trial this year Bob? Unmitigated gall.
I saw the exchange & found u extremely rude. Stop talking so fast, it's annoying. Vote to confirm
Yep he lied. We knew he would. #stoptillerson #RiggedCabinet
you can't make this stuff up. We have been drawn into reality TV.  Help!
No moral compass or ethical standards for him either. Vote NO.
And?
Trump refuses to show his tax returns, we need to keep denying his business interests in Tillerson. It will be bad for USA
aren't you under indictment for corruption?
For/Against sanctions. Confused!
-Pro sanction Putin-(Catholic) ="Sanctify Putin"
-Pro sanction (non Catholics)= F**k Putin
And today you lectured that diplomacy is not making a deal.
Is Trump selling America to Exxon and Russia to enrich himself and cronies? Also because he's compromised?
DC: take advantage of trump setting up the biggest financial collision n American history & ARREST them! This is treason.
@SybilRobinson50 Unfair; you were asking him about a document that was 2 yrs old & he did not have a copy in front of him.
remind Tillerson that Exxon should still pay NJ the $8B in damages. #fundNJpensions
@SenateDems his prep team couldn't get around his conflicts of interests other than to state he had no knowledge-
Why were you at a meeting embracing Iranian terrorists group the first wed in Dec?it is like listening to hitler disc jews
the Putin,Trump,Tillerson to make $500 Billions of dollars. Sanctions
do not approve Tillerson. He and Trump will control the oil industry.  Look to Rachel Maddow show tonight
Please don't confirm Tillerson, our country deserves a SOS who has experience
I didn't know Secretary of State was an OJT job, Tillerson does not seem at all qualified for the job, scary
It appeared you had the form in front of you. Mr. Tillerson did not see the form you badgered him about. Why not show him?
great job with Tillerson. Tillerson's priority is business first, humanitarian second... not my idea of secy of state!!!!
It was absolutely ridiculous as well as his amnesia on selling products to Iran. Thank you for your line of questioning.
@SenateDems not a peep about sanctions against China, N Korea, or Iran for their hacking, just as partisan hack as always
@SenateDems first is someone who had a career other than as a politician thinking it an honor to serve not a right
THANK YOU for exposing Exxon business dealings with Iran, and pressing Tillerson to actually face hard questions.
DONT GIVE UP !!keep fighting for us!
thank you for standing strong today!! Keep it up. @Action2getherNJ @Action2getherUS
thank you for your direct questioning today. Please keep the pressure on for answers on foreign policy.
you rocked it today sir
Most CEOs (specially large corporations like Exxon) do not micromanage every person in their employ. Cannot Know everything
Talk about ethics.
@Lee_in_Iowa Bouts of amnesia come in handy.
@Lee_in_Iowa As your constituent & a Hudson County neighbor, I am grateful you brought the fire. Keep it coming, sir.
@SenateDems yeah that was good, yet he is still in???
The calm demeanor of Mr. Tillerson demonstrates that he has the patience to put up with your BS. He is a leader. U are not.
@Lee_in_Iowa I'm ok with Rex, he seems to be rational
You were brilliant, Senator.  THANK YOU!
Shouldn't that be disqualifying?
ExxonMoblie and Russia come first in the country now
@Lee_in_Iowa Great job today.
- was stunned by the answer but we thank you. #AvoidTheArea
Have you taken any bribes today? This week? Last year?
How's your bribery and corruption case going?

You looked like a petty wuss today. You're obviously jealous and threatened by a super successful billionaire businessman.
Good questioning thank you !
Not sure how you kept your cool, while being blatenty lied to. #thankyou # keep fighting
quite questions. BUT disgusting evasive tactics by #RexTillerson. The USA is up to a rough ride, Our World endangered!
*quite good questions
you were fantastic.
Don't let up.  Continue to make your points and set an example!
Wow. Good job on questioning today.
well done on questioning!  Thank you
Your moral authority is pending until you win in Supreme Court. Watching you was better than watching Meryl Streep. Really.
@SenateDems
good job on the questions you asked
@SenateDems pervert
@maddow 
http://ln.is/www.youtube.com/2rC95 …
wow
We cannot allow Mr. Tillerson to become Sec of State. We deserve better.
has been killing it w/Tillerson.
@jbendery HOW CAN YOU POSSIBLY VOTE TO CONFIRM HIM ?
how are you tweeting and asking ?? at same time? Are you not on live TV? PS your IT conclusions came from Crowdstrike FTR
Lol. See right through your agenda.
you did a great job!!! Republicans have to find another person!  Keep fighting for all of us!!!
@SenateDems Ha! He's either playing dumb or he's unqualified to be Sec of State
 My guess is it's both. #rejectREX
playing your party card. what a loser.
don't let up! He is evading every question!!!! This is scary stuff
selective memory loss!
@SenateDems he had no context to the question
what about giving them $150+ Billion and late night ransom pymts.?? Your double standard is negligence and shame on you!
That was a pretty strange exchange.  He was pretty disingenuous.
Your statement about the "oppressive" #Cuban regime infers the U$ doesn't practice this Worldwide. #DRC comes to mind
keep the rhetoric going, and soon there will be no DNC
I wonder how many seats you will lose in 2018, so far during the past 8 years, it's around 1K
yeah it's called gerrymandering and the pushback is coming.
sounds like when my kids were little:  "i dunno"
Good Lord. Exxon certainly did business w/countries under sanctions in the past
@SenateDems That tells you what you need to know about both his comptetence & the guy who thinks he's competent
you all have shown your true colors, black hearts and no souls.  You only love power and division.
your party continues to show why you are loosing more elections at every turn, you do not listen to the people
@SenateDems #ExxonMobil for #SOS NO !!!!!
was watching this and it was quite telling... Deer in the headlights look on Tillerson.
- He knows fully well that Exxon has some of the most powerful lobbyists in DC.
Hopefully you replied "You should know-what did they do?"
That was a striking moment. Either Tillerson is being untruthful or he's incompetent. Sounds like a certain PEOTUS.
Just imagine as the future SOS, he gives a similar response to the position of the US. ..
stop playing games Senator! You know he's a good choice. His answers on Cuba issues alone should make you confident!
So is he saying he's incompetent to be CEO of @ExxonMobile but would be a great Sect. of State???
Go, go, go!  Woo hoo!  No Tillerson for SOS!  You make me proud to be a Jersey girl!
I believe it's called "plausable denial" Our new leadership, everybody.
