THIS is NOT the same as saying that there is 98% consensus on "man-made" global warming, which there is not.
You are wrong!!!!
I guess you Love pollution.
It agrees with you
You need to study
@RollieThePollie
What is this supposed to mean?
What is hard to understand here? :)
Lol 
We are a heinous species. I don't know how Menedez can stand working for such deplorables
Where'd you get that 99% number, Senator ?  If it's the "study" usually quoted by climate hysterics, you should do research
Hey Fracking dog
Do you Love cancer in your water?
Well..... I don't 
Some people are parasites on the earth
@feliciaday The 99 (or original 97) figure is bogus. The Senator knows it.
Jim
Your a deplorable ..... there are too many
human parasites on this beautiful planet
100% of the scientist agree that CO2 is used by plants and convert to oxygen.  Stop killing the plants, nuking the oceans and artificially

That is actually a lie.  99% do not agree on any such thing.  They only agree that climate is changing, but not how.
Uhhhhhh.... actually yes! Scientists do think we are killing our Earth. I guess you love filth.
Wrong.  You are misinformed.  @SenatorMenendez
OFC is is warming the planet! How else do you think we got out of the ICE AGE? It's been warming for thousands of years
Thank you senator 
We can't just keep killing our Earth 
We are a cancer on the Earth 
An abomination
Causing a green house effect to support a non sensical lie to force another tax on the people.   It's time to #DrainTheSwamp
You are not getting my vote by bashing @POTUS
As someone @EPA said "belief in climate change is the enemy & the EPA itself is our best weapon."
We don't care what the cause is.  Only humans can fix it, regardless.
@owjones97 this is good.
Boom
Thank Senator! I Love this comment. Your a Great Senator 
sick burn, Sir.
Oh!!!!!!
I get it.....
Yes!!!!!!
He's AWESOME 
According to Russia North Korea can launch a sarin gas missiles .
Can somebody please tell me how just USA is the only country Destoring the world hello China
This statement is blatantly false and misleading.
CO2 only makes up 0.03% of the atmosphere. Regulating it though is worth billions of $$ to corrupt politicians.
@CathleenHolt15 Boom!!! Good one!!!
He's ignorant and now we all have to suffer because of his stupidity.
Yes! Thank you for protecting our Home. She needs our Love now more than ever
Please join the filibuster. Gorsuch does not deserve Garland's seat and Repubs should not have their #StolenSeat validated. #FakeSCOTUS
Please vote no on Gorsuch. Stolen seat, plus he is a dark money backed corporate enabler.
Love 2 see these facts ? Ur a LIAR
Concerned @ CO2 climate change&your constituents' health?VOTE NO on SCOTUS.He will uphold harmful policies that benefit big business&corps.
I support your comment on climate change. For the nay sayers, perhaps they still think it is safe to smoke tobacco.
Come on. Take a stand on Gorsuch. Vote no. Fillibuster.
Wrong. The number is 87%. Same % as agree with evolution. Scientists are people, and fallible. Scientist /= Science.
Interesting, thanks for correction! 
No to Gorsuch: not an exceptional mind, particularly adroit writer and critically, does NOT support individuals and is a Trojan Horse.
Please say NO to Gorsuch!! #MonmouthCountyDemocrat
Just left a message.
Nnnoo[ on Gorsuch, please.
THIS IS WHY YOU MUST #FilibusterGorsuch and say no to #globalwarming produced from #darkmoney #EPA protections by #CEOs please #StopGorsuch
Rollbacks of EPA protections.
Do not vote for Gorsuch. Filibuster. This is a stolen seat and Gorsuch is not good for the country. This is a lifetime seat, consider that.
Please stand up to Russian interference in our election by supporting @SenSchumer filibuster No to Trump/Putin seat on SCOTUS #FakePresident

What is your position on Gorsuch? Join fillibuster.
 lovin' the sick burns lately!!!
Have you consider the affect HAARP is having on the atmosphere? (Newton) Heard of the chaos theory?
All of your tweets are boring and I couldn't help but to yawn as I scrolled past the boring ones. Needless to say, I never stopped scrolling
Thank you for standing up for what's scientifically correct.
Fillibuster Gorsuch nomination. Seat stolen by Republicans. Enough! Time to nominate centrists, not ideologues.
Snap!
You know that "%99" is a canard. You also know the models have never been right. What credibility does alarmist crowd have?
If by "nearly", you mean around 50%, then yes.
Always!
@melissah_98 YAS MELISSA YASSSSS
And you continue to support him.... I guess until yours and Melgen's criminal case goes forward....
We R in grave danger & need immediate action on #TrumpRussia. Plz ask US military to declare #MartialLaw to try #HighCrimes & #HangTraitors

@StephenPRodgers Remember, @realDonaldTrump knows more than the Generals about the war against ISIS also. #trumptreason
I feel certain those that voted for you...didn't vote for you be involved in bribery...
Brilliant :)
its fucking great
Can they prove it?  Prove it and I'll believe.  You know you exhale CO2 Senator.
And you exhale the smell of that Trump kool aid you've been drinking too much of.#TrumpTreason
Propaganda. Show the people where you got 99% from.
He keep saying on TV clean coal ? what is that mean , white coal not black ? smell's better ?
@EddieOsceola alex seeing you RT this made me LOL thinkin of you Lol'ling when you read it haha
haha i appreciate a good burn

By definition, personal power lusting, rabid sociopaths have no CONSCIENCE.  The End.
why doesn't every state have emissions testing? If you don't take care of the small things they will become big things
Nailed it 
Yet these jackasses fly in aeroplanes, use cellphones, wage wars with high tech weaponry, all based on work of scientists!

No to wealth transfers from fossil fuel industries and their employees to NYC, Miami, LA, SF, etc.
STOP ICE RAIDS  DEPORTATIONS KIDS CALLED ME CRYING DAD IN PRISON WILL BE DEPORTED GUANTANAMO NOT C AGAIN DAD SICK
more CO2 is emitted from earth than from human action.CO2 does cause greenhouse effect but acknowledge where it comes from
heyooooo

Does don know the meaning of CO2?  My guess is someone has to whisper it in his ear.
I'm sure he thinks it's a flattering abbreviation of himself. #TrumpTreason
get himmmm getttt himmmmmm
snappy! My man.
Zing
keep it up! Climate change is real, Trump's tan is not. #NationalDisgrace
@TrumpResist Mike drop!
Please vote against the EPA Honest Act.  We need people like you in the Senate and House to protect our  and be a voice.
@Ranthruredlight
Is it just me or has Trump regime brought new meaning to #marchmadness?  

#TrumpRussia…
@errollouis Trump is our era's Pope Urban VIII
Connect the dots! No EPA REGS/Arctic Ice melts faster/Exxon&Russia easy oil drilling access!
Proving once again that 99% of statistics are made up 
or they're just full of hot air 
thank you Senator!
Where do they plan to build their survival biosphere?
bobbbbbbbbbbbb
SLAY BOB SLAAAAY
But Trump is the President, and all those scientists are not. TRUTH ain't the starting point in a Trump story.
@tx_blue_dot Uneducated old white billionaires! What do they know? They can't even feed themselves?
@TBeckhusen Zing!!!
@mofo330 they r idiots Bob.
The 1% that don't agree don't rely on government hand outs!
Well played, sir! Well played!
Statistics you pulled up?
well said sir <3 2 U from the UK.
"@SenatorMenendez @GameWireWarrior this
"@SenatorMenendez @GameWireWarrior when he ends his mandate, he could start working for @CERN
No, Mr Senator, that is false.
You might want to cut back a little on that Trump kool aid you've been drinking...just saying. #TrumpTreason
Keep it up @SenatorMenendez! You are on .
Trump knows more than the generals and I guess more than the scientists also - The man's an F'n genius
sick 
Good one!
@BLM_CenFla Trump is way smarter than 99% of scientists...Just ask him :(
Bible speaks nothing of global warming therefore it doesn't exist. Can't fool God children
get rid of the 1%
patriots cannot defend their country when they are choking on filthy air and dirty water
@KidCasteel Damn Bob, another zinger...
Once again fake news on your part.
@thaiguy84 BOOM SHAKA LAKA
C02 is warming the planet is an undisputed fact. Question is do we need government to fix it? How do we know you can?
good burn
@Sibenjam YES! You got it Senator.

NOT the 1% Dem mandates steal from small business
@Netjeretkhau to be fair obama was president for 8 years & did nothing to substantially change that.
Science isn't consensus. Science is either true or false, not an up or down vote of the majority.
should be the host of @TheDailyShow
but the question is how much of the warming that has been observed is caused by CO2 from human activities. We don't know
we also do know that our models based on CO2 being the primary cause have been falsified.
that natural variability is too high for claims of detection
and we have no idea of the magnitude of impact of CO2. Act like an adult and research what the consensus is on.
because the consensus of scientists are also positive that renewable energy os bot the way forward. Nuclear is.
I'll believe the democrats are pro science when they try to sell nuclear energy.
@Craigipedia Hopefully we 99% can Impeach him 100% very soon!

@LivingBlueinRed Brilliant on so many levels.
@LivingBlueinRed science lies, media lies, etc. he's nauseating
What are your practical solutions?  How much of that is man-made, and is it practical to try and reduce it?  If so, how?
Bravo!
Trump grew up in the 1%
@Sylvirtear Trump and team just want to remove regulations that cost companies money and reduce profit. All about the $
hooooollllyyyy cow that's the good shit
@BadHombreNPS  ouch burn
burn
There's three types of lies:  Lies, damn lies, and statistics.
i thought it was only 97%
@feliciaday TRUTH!!!!!
what a joke you are! Do you ever stop lying?
the price is wrong, Bob!!!
you'll provide the evidence supporting the 99% claim of yours, of course. Right? Who polled? What questions? Who was asked
.CLIMATE IS JUST A COVER TACTIC
WHAT IS MORE IMPORTANT THE CLIMATE OR SECURITY,,,SCIENTISTS UNDERSTAND ABOUT SECURITY,,,BOB MENENDEZ DOES  NOT!!
CANNOT HAVE SCIENCE WITHOUT SECURITY! COMMUNISTS DO NOT CARE ABOUT DEMOCRACY JUST THAT CLIMATE CAN BE USED AS HOAX! RUSE!
Now you know that is a LIE!
witty!true/sad
who has the best burns in the Senate? Ya think it'd be @AlFrankenSenate  - but it is MENENDEZ!!!
zing! 
We are going to destroy the environment for 50,000 jobs. Despicable
@AltDIA 

I see what you did there 

Well played sir.
thank you from the shore senator!! Keep up the fight for clean air and water!!
@windmillcharger I guess he is the expert on everything,he tells us often enough.......yeah right, idiot Trump!
No not 99%. CO2 is plant food. We need to protect the planet and have sensible regulations but please stop spreading myths.
that was great
#fakestatsprovenfalse
So, let me get this right. He is bringing in legislation that will see Mar-a-Lago disappear under the sea....
99% is a lie. Some would say since the record heat year in 1998 the earth is actually cooling.
99% of adult males would find sex with minors on Caribbean island abhorrent. How is your 1% working out for you? #Eppstein
You should talk to China first!

@feliciaday Omg...how is it possible for them to be this damned dumb?
nicely said
Money is their God.Regulations stifle business,Trump contends.He's old & won't have 2 live on a ruined Earth.
SAH-LAM!
I've been loving your snark lately!  Keep fighting!
you are killing it on Twitter lately Sen Menendez. Kudos!
99% of them certainly like the money that comes from saying they believe that.
whoever runs your twitter feed needs a raise because their tweets have been 
