Un American is the press lying to Americans. The MSM agenda is NOT #FreedomOfThePress. It's anarchy Trust is lost forever.
the only outlets not on the list are the only ones that don't poke the bear.  Hmm
a, good Ole wiki leaks, Russian propaganda filter...
yes, and wiki was good before the talent defected.  Wiki leaks is fed what to leak
Thank you, Senator. What can we -- I, you, all of us -- do about this? The First Amendment is in shreds.
get over it @HillaryClinton & Obama are the reason 1st amendment is shredded. We, I decided on Nov 8th what should be done.
.@joybellesshadow Namely?
We elected @POTUS to do everything he IS doing so I'm in relaxation mode until 2020!
oh we will be alright. Briefing are more piblic than ever. CNN is not report "news". Only one sided propaganda.
Where are you and all the other Democratic Congresspeople? I don't hear BOO these days about anything! Speak UP!
Please fight this man... Please... his administration is completely unamerican!
Stick to A&P, you're lost out here. The 2A isn't the only amendment. Republikkkans are spreading lies and fear.
Since that's not what happened -- you are spreading #fakenews
You were investigated for many crimes why weren't you arrested .. prostitutes ??
much like the Obama Admin tried to do to Fox. Hmm?
Dad stop #trolling
sorry don't agree! This is not news it's propaganda!
has nothing to do with like or not like. Has all to do with the lies they tell.
If only the press was fair to all parties. Most news are very single sided #BadMedia
your guilty of using sensationalism to angle your position. #CNN is not journalism anymore and please support #termlimits
so its OK to lie then?
YES! Stand up for the #FirstAmendment
No, no it's not. Remind folks in congress, on daily basis, they are complicit for allowing POTUS to undermine democracy.
Your un-American
And what are you doing about it?!
pls block his #SCOTUS nominee then #ImpeachTrump!!
thank you!
investigate Trump connections to Russia and conflicts of interest.
i'm glad to hear you say that as I was about to call your office to raise my incredible concern. Now How do we stop it?
Start a commission on Al Bayda raid if you can
watch @GeorgWebb videos he mentions you and tweets about u seems like u may want to watch
maybe we can bribe them--are they corrupt ??
@phylogenomics everyone has to fight it especially all politicians  - people will be thankful in the future
please get your colleagues from both sides to free us from this!
twisting the news is not news.
you don't really know what #FreedomOfThePress means, do you? Means you can publish whatever you feel w/o legal punishment.
The so called mainstream media "Fake News" MSNBC,CNN, ABC, NBC etc. bought and paid by Globalists ..
do something Congress
I hope the  legislators will stand on the side of the American Constitution when the time comes. #freedomofThepress
@Rene_gadeCowboy Where were you when Obama excluded conservative media altogether?
@janeeucraft With Trump @ the helm, being called Un-American may soon be a complement 
Free press doesn't mean fact free or cherry picked facts to support a biased POV. There's a big difference. #veryfakenews
only ok when your BFF O does it

And that's why Trump and his cronies must go..not forgetting Russia of course!  #Putinspuppet #ImpeachDonaldTrump

Senator, when can I expect to see your interview with Alex Jones of infowars. Not interviewing with him is un-American.
And outright #unconstitutional. You're a Senator. Begin #impeachment process now!
Senator did you tell this to Obama when he banned Fox news in 2009?
@JENw1n525 let's send #45 on a field trip to a concentration camp in Germany. Leave him there
how is which news agencies admitted to press room decided?

Agreed! Thanks for speaking out, Senator.
Yes ask the man that lied daily about Iraq.
what are you going to do about this as a senator??? He's going and has gone too far already.. don't wait till it's too late
I'm an American Cannabis Consumer My life has Value!
Access to White House briefings isn't protected by the 1st amendment. As a senator, you should know that.
Now THIS is protected speech http://reason.com/blog/2012/03/01/bill-passes-house-protests-near-secret-s …
You need to get way tougher than this.  #WakeUpAmerica #russiagate
Thank you Senator!  I called your office and your staff is lovely!
Sir, what is the problem Obama did the same to Fox news. I don't get it.
corporate ownership of the media, using the media as a tool to disseminate disinformation is also dangerous
Please also push for independent investigation of administration's ties to Russia.
I'm curious to know how it can be "dangerous". Are you suggesting the press will become violent?
I believe @SenatorMenendez is suggesting the #MSM will begin telling lies. Oops, too late. So what else could be more dangerous?
thanks for your stand on this!
CONGRESS HAS TO STOP THIS ATTACK ON THE FREE PRESS NOW
what do you do to press that is unfair and biased?
You act like they report facts. They distort information and push negative narratives.
No media shld attend dinner or briefings. & stop talking about this.  Talk about Priebus. They are deflecting. #NotTheEnemy
yeah we're living in Nazi-America right now
that's an idiotic statement. Try reading a history book instead of liberal dog whistle media.
Go fly a kite. No one is under obligation to talk to any news outlet particularly one that is a propaganda outfit like CNN.
@HouseGOP  @SenateGOP  Hey Republicans in Congress repression of the press is not part of the democratic process! #fascism
The press hasn't been repressed. Access to WH briefings are protected by the 1st amendment @SenatorMenendez @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
