

Don’t worry. Trump is doing an amazing job. He even said so himself. Isn’t it obvious? #Sarcasm
That is happening when you elect incompetent democratic politicians ! Is going to cost trillions to rebuild PR.
Yes, bc Democrats literally cause hurricanes.  
The helicopter you used for your campaign tour could have been put to much better use..perhaps delivering food, water, fuel, picking up injured, etc....

And did you get out & help unload a container or deliver some goods sitting on the dock? No. Mugged for some photos & trashed Trump.  Crook.
Corrupt people have no credibility
When is your trial Senator?
20 years of corrupted liberal gov. is paying dividends, a complete disaster, no national preparedness or government leadership..sad
Ya remember when Obama dropped the ball during all those disasters, me either. Chump is compleatly incompetent who is completely in over his head.
So do we
#LockHIMUP
This pedo shouldn’t be allowed to tweet about anyone suffering unless it’s him apologizing to HIS victims for the suffering HE caused!
Where have you been? Oh, in court.
Was it as devastated as your family was when they learned you screw teenage prostitutes in the Dominican Republic??
Baby raping Bob.
Too bad that monster doesn't care.  Thank u for caring enough to go there!! 
"Grow up" is a interesting choice of words for a Senator on trial accused of having sex with underage children

My homeland. 
Hi Senator. @POTUS is very busy taking weekend off to sleep in warm bed and golf. Can’t be bothered with “fake Americans” in #PuertoRico
So where is your check for $1Mil ? Surely you have money from that whole CORRUPTION THING left! #JustResignAlready #RecallMenendez
Send the USNS to P.R.
Demand more help for Puerto Rico
@POTUS.  @realDonaldTrump   Get off the gulf course. Get to the White House and help these people. People are still dying. Send more help
Golf man — golf!
So do we 

Work on are on problem
We need help for are people you should of notice d
You have stolen from the American People.
Good for you - DONATE SOMETHING $$$ and STOP COMPLAINING!!!
Resign
You need to resign
You need to resign, Bob.
Let me guess u and #DrMelgen want #PuertoRico to pay u guys to rebuild the island. #MenendezForPrison2017
Im waiting for Mr trump to parachute in with a make America great parachute  and his work clothes but I won't hold my breath.
@AmaliahOrg have solar power portable gas stations we need help with shipments from NJ to PR we helped #sandy #harvey #Irma ready 4 #MariaPR
Says the man who helped a buddy try to defraud Medicare of $90 million
We need all the help ... thank you for your support !!
They already have all hands on deck. Aren't you tied up with a trial or something? Maybe you've been too occupied with that to pay attention
OUR WORTHLESS PIG OF A PRESIDENT NEEDS TO SEND @USArmy TO LEAD #PUERTORICORELIEF EFFORTS NOW. NO MORE EXCUSES AND BULLSHIT.

@realDonaldTrump, bragging about body counts, hasn't confirmed or denied he's gouging #PuertoRico evacuees http://www.snopes.com/is-the-trump-administration-puerto-rico-evacuees/ … … #Resist
Don't tell us tell the racist ass playing golf, thinks he is a banker God help us if an enemy decides to start war on a weekend, so inept.
#SENATOR Bob Menendrez , are you sure if all men were hold their 'DICK "it can resolve PUERTO RICO Hurricanes devastations? Just asking  '
#whatsyouridea
Sorry, golfing comes first in the Republican government. Where's my jet damn it.
Please get emergency aid to PR fast Senator.
to be relieved for a while. This is all in-correct.
because maybe they have not found them all. I won't beg. I know what the law is.  The mayor actually felt like she had to beg. she needs
There needs to be more Military aid and there needs to be more people looking for people in the Rural areas. They can't count the dead
SAVE THE PEOPLE OF PUERTO RICO ...
taken care of. Thank you Senator Menendez.
If they cannot re-build they will have no income for their Island. People keep asking what do they need. They have NOTHING. That needs to be
I wrote to N. Palosi and asked her to go and take a look with a group of law- makers and asked the Gov to request a 100% disaster Package.
Ask your Doctor friend to send some. How’s the Dominican Republic? Good times with those teenage girls eh Bob?
They are getting it ass hole
In the 1800's Untied  State's said 2 Puerto Rico " mine" ok "yours" help fix it or let it go, Russia would love 2 lease docks 4 warships
#America needs you to resign and face #MenendezTrial justice.
Enjoy your free time while you can.
Are u planning on coming back? Or are you staying to avoid prosecution?
Be quiet. Prison for you soon. Stay tuned!
Stop talking, nobody believes a word you say. We know they need help. We don't need another corrupt politician who steals money telling us
Why don't you help instead of running off to lay on the Dominican Republic beach?
Your new housing....federal jail.
Are you not on the pokey yet? What nerve.
If Guilty, Menendez Could Face 30 Years in Prison
Trump is golfing. #ImpeachTrumpNow
They are getting aid why don't you senator use that expensive helicopter and distribute instead of making the President sound incompetent.
Bob u need to focus on ur corruption trial, why u trying 2 get $$ for Puerto Rico that u can keep? 
Get ready for prison crook.
Criminal senator
Maybe you and Anthony Weiner can be “cellies”.
Go to jail

@SenatorMenendez please don't forget about the US Virgin Islands.  Equal devastation and the residents there are told no power for months.
"This is an emergency. For God sake, the food has to get into my people's hand" by @DavidBegnaud @CBSNews HELPPPPP
By chance did you go to the other islands inhabited by US citizens to see how they are faring?
See..All I can think of is u in Prison!
So are you calling anyone to help? Tweeting to the stratosphere doesn't get you any help.
Thank you for sharing the pictures
