If Jimmy Kimmel is the new Democratic leader an spokes person, it is no wonder RNC gets more the double DNC donations...lol.
I like how you so openly brag about aligning with oligarchs and robber Barrons, as if you loved corruption, crony capitalism and despotism
I love how you use big words yet have absolutely no substance to your argument.
Whew!  You need to pay attention more.  Ignorance is slavery
It's not healthy to keep your eyes shut to the facts
It's helping bring about a very dystopian reality.  Big brother-esk
The Koch brothers control Republicans.  This has been well known for years
So what, on your side there is an Established Nazi, George Soros. Trump didn't need the Presidency. Billionaire 12 times over.
#FAKENEWS - Please stop your Constant Lies - I can barely stand to listen any longer!
Shows how much you know - Florida opted out of #Medicaid so I have not had HealthCare since we were FORCED to buy this crap!
I want my choice of Healthcare back with no penalties - I am quite capable of choosing what works best for me since it is MY BODY 
Sad day if this bill passes..
Great day with this bill is passed!
Okay
Who's lying?
Medicar for all  sick r mom r dad who depend on  they r in a nursing  home kids with cancer diebetes waiting on transplant
Wow.  House Democrats are looking to Jimmy Kimmel for governing advise. When I think political experts, I think Kimmel, Fallon and Cobert.
The legislation protects those who have preexisting condition.stoplistening to the left
The GOP is full of liars and cheats.
The only test it passes is the Koch brothers'
Koch brothers are BAD FOR AMERICA AND AMERICANS!
THEY ARE BIGOTS AND RACISTS
AND ANTI EDUCATION FOR ALL
DARK MONEY PROVIDERS
Some of them will be felons as well, by the time this is over. 
Lordy, when will this be over?
This bill is a disaster 4 the very people  they are supposed to represent! Losing coverage for preexisting conditions will eliminate 75%
No one will lose coverage for pre existing conditions if they've paid their bills.

People will loose it they don't want it. 27 million people are uninsured NOW.
Yes because they can't afford high premium they are charged for themselves An there families. I have 47 family who cannot pay for insurance
If we r going 2 adhere 2 "The Kimmel Test" we as a nation, r lost. Lets get back 2 THE PEOPLE'S TEST. We voted 4 REPEAL. Do it @jimmykimmel
Go after the war on drugs and the Opioid Abuse.please.The war on drugs
He is a horrible Senator. Both him and Kennedy are useless and evil!
Republicans don't bat a eye when it comes to increased military spending but fight spending for health insurance
Why is it governments place to provide you with healthcare?
So if they pass it vote their asses out next year..
Trust me if they DONT pass vote them out and more more Democrats are voting against their own liberal parties get on board or get out
Get out of our medical, government. REPEAL AND REPLACE. These people need to be forced to use Obamacare. They force you.
Millions
Tell jokes please. Or are you planning on running in 2020. You know nothing
Doesn't remove preexisting conditions. The states need to take over not the federal government. Higher premiumsReally. What about Obamacare
#RapePurge
Prove it. With facts.
Kimmel is an idiot though.
You're retweeting a liberal, rich television host on a serious topic like health care? Are you crazy?
You failed #America Which is worse? And .@jimmykimmel ratings suck like he does. BTW is he on reruns now??
No one has a right to have health insurance provided by someone else's money. That is the basic unrefuted fallacy of Liberals.
And one of the reasons Trump got elected.
Lies. Obamacare has already priced healthcare out of existence for Americans. People dropping out of Obamacare.
Cassidy is a penheaded idiot. He needs to get off that I better than you mentality and leave Obamacare alone
He doesn't care about Americans as Donald Dump Trump doesn't either. They both reek of hate and racism
@GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan all need to be voted out of office for they're all in it together party over country


Amen
Umm. #GrahamCassidy fails the humanity test.
PREMIUMS R HIGH NOW,FRIEND TOLD ME HIS STARTED $500 NOW $1500. I WAS TOLD MINE WAS $1500 I MAKE 1400 AT THE TIME. YOU DONT KNOW MATH,CALL ME
Both of you have not read and understand it. But i can see why
This guy is a fake comedian who tries to tell you how to think. This is completely false.
Really? So now you Leftists need to hire late night hosts to promote your agenda? Please! Exit Stage Left!
So we're gonna stick with #KimmelTest ?
Jimmy Kimmel is NOT where you should be seeking education on health care politics. #IdiotDemocrats

These statements by Dems on #GrahamCassidy are just not true. You are spinning the facts. Tell the truth and vote for bill.
You seriously think your deductible will be less under this plan, yet provide you with coverage?
But you're willing to pay even more, for less? That makes sense. Not.
It does not! Each state has funding for this
FUCK #GrahamCassidy, KochBrothers & anyone that thinks this will make america great again. Nothing great about dying from no H/C cov.
@SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @senrobportman @JeffFlake @RandPaul @SenAngusKing @SenCapito @tedcruz @SenatorDurbin @timkaine
Wow, this fails the Kimmel test. Now that's who I want to take healthcare advice from, a comedian.
Health Insurance is not a Right. Health Care is! Government will only corrupt Health Care like it has everything else it has touched!
cause the healthcare and insurance industries on their own are not corrupt? Give me a break!
Choice is the only solution for corruption not government. If that were not the case the VA would be a model of Health Care for the world.
Democrats failed the American people when they voted for the ACA. Dem have messed up health care. One reason why I stopped voting Democrat.
Jeez none of those things are true what is wrong with you

ACA, raised premiums, raised deductibles out of this world, ripped healthcare from millions of responsible Americans who paid their way.
What did Ocare do? If Dems are honest "dismantled patient centered care". This will be a new platform to provide usable health care for all.
Please help us! #SaveACA.      #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Well, Kimmel fails everyday!
The People don't give a $hit what Jimmy Kimmel thinks.
Yeah we do. The People don't give a $hit what YOU think.
Not to mention .. "the sky is falling".
Well, thank goodness we have Kimmel for a non biased assessment/evaluation of the impact to Americans...
So Kimmel has joined Congress. Perfect addition for the Dems..  Maybe he can now replace Schumer or Pelosi.
get government out of healthcare...the only time they've tried it is the VA...and it SUCKS...DO WE WANT THE VA FOR ALL???
