Good now join the fight for #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll #HR676
As your constituent who has insurance through the Obamacare exchange for less, I implore you to continue fighting this abomination of a bill
Inez Walsh   what about increased premiums for pre exist cond. for  thos on fixed incomes???????
You should be extremely nauseous that insurance companies across the country are opting out of OCare, unaffordable, can't keep our drs/hc.
Senator Menendez: you're on fire, sir!
Then be a partner and not an obstruction. Obamacare is a failure.  Cost to my wife and I.  Almost $900 a month.
Being alive is a pre-existing condition. Also being female!
What about the individual that can not even buy ins 2day unless they have a qualifying event? What do you say to those individuals?
We need to fight to get all those who voted yes to repeal Obamacare off the congress and back home and work for a change
Stop throwing a tantrum and pass the health bill so people can really have health insurance.
healthcare is the problem. We need to take the hippocratic oath seriously and stop the insanity of pharma overmedication!
DO YOU GET A NAUSEOUS WHEN YOU SPENDING TAXPAYER MONEY ON WHORES  AND SMUGGLING FROM THE SOUTH AMERICA ?
What's cruel is Obama promising to Americans that they can keep their doctors and keep their plans. #LiarLiar
Now they don't have to worry because they are out there without health insurance no support from insurance companies that will rip them off
You're a bot
Get the non-paying leeches off the rolls. No more government health subsidies!
If James Comey felt SO "intimidated" by Trump, why didn't he tell the press Trump wasn't being investigated, like he asked him to?#Comey
Stop fooling around with all this nonsense and start doing your job! I'm from NJ and I'm watching!!!!
24 million did not sign up false liberal narrative
I think mildly nauseas is a pre-existing condition
Did you do anything to fix the VA health care crises yet?  Or to prevent Insurance premiums from rising under O-care?
I am mildly nauseous that you haven't gone to trial yet
They only follow money legalize weed tax it states add theirs and use revenue for health care for all no higher taxes more money made
I know you will #VoteNoAHCA to #SaveACA #ProtectOurCare and #SaveOurCare, but I still ask you to do so.
more than Obamacare dying and Obama telling the people to go Fthemselves
AND THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN WE FAIL 2 VOTE SMH 
What is your stance? You need a platform to take action. Don't just resist, act!
Will it be stripped away or will it be their choice?  Time to be fair and honest.
Same 
You can be nauseated but people cannot be nauseous. I suppose it's possible you're the exception but learning English would be more likely
Vote No-then support #MedicareForAll Please. @justicedems will remember...
Only if nausea is documented properly by testing you can't afford anyway.
Please fight against this in the Senate.
Preexisting....sorry not covered
It likely is now.
Trumpcare has a fatal pre-exiting condition with a contagious killing quality
My family can't afford health care now and my husband, daughter and myself all have pre existing conditions.
Don't worry, you're going to jail, so you won't witness any suffering but yours and your doctor friend who was found guilty of embezzling!
Depends what state you live in.
thank you for being on the correct side of things once again...please persevere
You are lying. Medicaid has covered the poor for decades. Hospitals by law can't deny care to anyone regardless of insurance coverage.
What say you about the 50+ million who had their health insurance rendered worthless, yet still have to pay for it by law? Now, who is cruel
24 million that don't pay taxes but want us to carry them from cradle to grave. Tax payers r done with that MAGA all over you.
I love the smell of liberal tears in the morning.
I feel it too! I think it's going around. #VoteNoAHCA #voteNO #Trumpcare #AHCA
Senator - thank you for standing against this horrible bill.
I keep hearing this. Gov't controlled #healthcare is crazy b/c it's a giant welfare program, not insurance. Like #VA it is death sentence.
Sir, you're "more than mildly nauseous" ALL the time. Not sure how often you're nauseated...
Great @POTUS has taught you how to speak to the people! Now that you are on Social Media we expect you will eliminate fake media in future!
We whom have pre existing conditions will be suing GOP then president administration, then senate, then house, as our rights are violated.
Affordable health care is a right not obligation of your moving money to top 1%.
Only if you are nauseated. Nauseous means you are making others sick!
Thank you for being a human being, my senators are not..
Trump & his fellow republicans should live a life of a needy person and realise what arsehole they are for imposing this type of care plan!!
It is time to create ads in simple language so people can see what these "representatives" are voting yes on!  2018 needs to get here fast!
3/biased!
You can text Resist to 50409 and they will send faxes to senators and representatives which is quicker and more reliable than calling
I'm more concerned with the lack of support for single payer by the faux People's party- @TheDemocrats
Missouri @RepAnnWagner supports #Trumpcare . Caller and tell her she just lost your support 202-225-1621 or 636-779-5449
Lie
Since when does the minority rule the majority? Never! Full repeal of AHCA, now!!
You're a liar. 24 million do not have AHCA.
Cuckoo Bird
This will have a ripple effect. Whether it's people stepping up & voting or standing up for the little guy & joining office. The GOP is out.
Don't you understand Obamacare was an absolute failure and is disintegrating, no insurance company is going to sell this coverage?
Yep
You mean nauseated.  Learn f*cking English.
2/dumbed down school systems that have even removed literacy tests for teachers on the idiotic idea that the tests are somehow racially
Not sure about that one but being a total asshat is. You really need to get that checked out. AHCA is another bloated fleecing of USA
1/We're not all idiots, just the ones you target who have little grasp on the many nuances of the English language. The products of liberal
Remember the? Makes me Nauseous
Caring for those less fortunate is the role of individuals faith, not faith in government.
Yep, make premiums affordable for the ONE plan in the state and a $7k-$10k deductible.That's why the tax penalty was better choice for some!
FBI analyst J Minton testified on Monday in the Medicare fraud trial of Dr. S Melgen that he raked in millions 56 more from Medicare x tests
No, it's about to be less federalize and more affordable
Nope, already stopped it here if you're poor. You have to pay the $750 fine cause no one will cover you. Wait & see what the govt does
Stand with NJ nurses tomorrow at the capital
Democrats are such hypocrites. You don't mention that democrats screwed 100+ millions of Americans who had insurance for your 24 million
They always forget about those of us paying through the nose so the others get it free.
Only if they can PROVE you had it before you obtained healthcare!!!
Digital records!
Awww.  Too bad! ACA sucks and you know it!
Such a comic. How many people lost their health insurance and paying more for it under Obamacare? Leftist goal is destruction of healthcare.
Thank you
I hope you and Sen Booker can stop this in the Senate
Republicans who vote for this bill should feel nauseous about their re-election.
Yep. Rates going up for you Sir.
And all you senators have government sponsored health insurance. The vote does not impact your health coverage.
Everything else is.
Sorry Mr. Menedez but under the new AHCA we suspect you have chronic legislative stall disease,a pre-existing illnesses not covered.
Our pre-existing condition is Trump and no it's not covered by any insurance.
Only if you seek medical treatment for it ;)
New Jersey voters are more than mildly nauseous that their Senator is about to stand trial on bribery charges #NJSen
Just being a decent human being.
