#ITSOVER what part of that don't you understand? What is it with you defending LAW-BREAKING? Help #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  or LEAVE ALREADY
Fernando, Dreamers were 5 years old. They didn't know what breaking the law was. 

What if you were a #Dreamer?
Were they or were they NOT legally in the US? Answer me that. #UpholdTheLAW
Okay, I will feed your ego. You are right they were not. You didn't answer my question though. What if you were a Dreamer? #DACA
Thank you but "feeding my ego" was not what I was looking for. And where I be 1 of them, I should've known the risks of being ILLEGAL ALIEN
You would have known that at 5 years old? Jonathan, whatever hurt you in the past, please let it go and help us #DefendDACA
Ya,So, They got in illegally then we say they can stay. So Now They Can't,! & Have to Come in The Right Way! I Don't see what's the big deal
They were kids! With no knowledge of the law. This can negatively change our life forever.

What if you were a #Dreamer? 
I would of stayed in my country and maid the best life I could of with what I had for my kids! That's what I did here & still do! I'm 45yrs
1. Lucky, you were born in the USA.

2. We did not decide to come, our parents brought us.

3. I ask you again, what if you were a Dreamer.
Free ride is over
There was no free ride, these kids came when they were little and worked, studied, and struggled they are no different than you or I.
On the tax payers back ,we owe them nothing
Tax payers paid nothing for dreamers, they paid their own way. Do you know any Dreamers? I do.
END DACA. You want to be a citizen? Go through Due Process. Below written by a New Citizen of America.
I'm sorry u went thru that, but not the same issue. These r Amer Citizens in everything except paperwork. We cannot turn our backs on them.


#DACA = #EdgarCovarrubiasPadilla Good going. Deport all illegals
Can president TRUMP please sign EO to pardon all pedophiles too and they get special in state tuitions in all sanctuary state colleges
No ? How about rapists and murderers?
Here in Houston a DACA member drowned in the flood last week.... TRYING TO SAVE OTHER PEOPLE. Think about it!!!
For every sad story about a DACA there are thousand of sad stories about American Citizens no one is fighting for.  Keep your priorities
Do the math. 800000.00 DACA members suffering x 1000. Americans suffering is 800 million, more than twice of our population. They suffer +
Where are these people expected to go?  How can I fault their parents to try to get a better life for these kids?  This is a shame!
This is the most important thing you need to understand about @POTUS announcement: https://twitter.com/trumpsblonde/status/907707736036659202 …
It is to bad, these idiots can't read English to read important info.  I say, DEPORT them NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is how legal immigrants feel about DACA.
Please don't include millions of people in this. Not everyone is as heartless as some of you are!
This is one thing you need to know we got the best president that's ever been in the White House.
United you can get your illegal asses out of my country!  Another win for those who actually care about the LAW and The Nation.

Here's the full DHS Memo on the subject:
https://www.dhs.gov/news/2017/09/05/memorandum-rescission-daca …

#DACA #SaveDACA
They grew up here and are just (if not more) American as the rest of us. One of us. One of us.
Dreamers are our people
6) Pack your bags.
My dream brought about by your arrogant and ungrateful actions is to deport you all.  #MyDream
Still an UNCONSTITUTIONAL presidential order.  #Educateyourselfonthatdocument
dreamers take jobs from americans:  deport them all
There are a couple of things YOU need to know. They are NOT AMERICAN CITIZENS AND THEY NEED TO BE DEPORTED NOW
So grateful that this information is being put out. Many people are probably confused and dazed about DACA and the DJT decision.
These NOW adults have been here 4 quite some time? Why haven't they applied for citizenship? Sounds like political rhetoric 2 me.
Please go to http://USCIS.gov  and do some reading, you think if it were that easy people would be undocumented?
I never said it was easy. What in life that is good is easy? Is it illegal for them to work toward being citizens?
Confused. Valid until expiration date, yet if expiring between now and 3/5/18, then renew? Is there a contradiction here?
All those who renewed this year are good till 2019 so I think they are giving people a chance. By March 5 maybe they will reinstate DACA.
dreamers want to use there status as a tool to provide protection family to stay:  deport them all
That list left out that they are ILLEGAL. I'm sure it was just an oversight.
these are all lies.Any one who supports abortions does not care about a persons life.They only cares about illegals rights which is wrong
What's with the fear mongering? Congress can make it an actual law. In the mean time the dreamers can become citizens.
What can I do next to help support #DACA in my local community (North Hollywood area)
You support people living their dream (fine), but you don't support people living. Backwards and hypocrites. #PlannedParenthood
Funny that you're blaming Trump! When it was Obama that created this UNCONSTITUTIONAL nightmare! He sent it where it belongs CONGRESS!
Learn, share, and work to change this.
you need to know only 2 things 1. it is unconstitutional per mr. obama. 2. the dems did nothing about it when they had control for 13 months
We shall fight
Will DACA crack open Trump's Wall?
Trump lashes out, blindly!
IMPORTANT

THERE IS ONLY ONE THING  YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT CECIL RICHARDS & PP

THEY KILL HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF INNOCENT CHILDREN A YEAR
Sounds good
@solemann_23  let's move to NZ

Someone posted this poster on /r/The_Donald and they decided to photoshop it with ICE number instead.

Kik out some Dreamers to make way for paying customers welcome to AMERIKA!
What part of illegal do you not understand? I thought illegal meant breaking the law.
Thank you @POTUS for ending this program!!!!
Here is one thing you need to know about DACA - Chris Murphy has DONE NOTHING for 10 years in DC and now he is ready to fight? @CTGOP 
DACA recipients can't travel abroad.
Trump sent it to congress to process legally unlike obama who doesnt care about the law. So if lawmakers solve this, it would be good.
You mean, they should read, listen and learn instead of running around hysterically singing "I dreamed a dream" and the sky is falling.
It's an unconstitutional executive order. There, fixed it.
10 Steps to Naturalization: Understanding the Process of Becoming a U.S. Citizen

To apply for naturalization, you file Form N-400
Oh, it's Trump huh

#6 You don't have that illegitimate President Obama to write anymore EOs that only last long enough for u to vote Dem in the last election!
It's should say "on behalf of America" not just the Trump admin!
Trump's announcement about obama's DACA ending as scheduled. LOL
Good info in a terrible situation.
He's giving a month for hundreds of thousands of people to renew their permits....note to trump you don't have the personnel to process them
Contact local congressmen and have them get a bill passed, they were elected to to a job make them do it
@DavidDobrik this is important
Love ya Tyler!
Excellent. Immigration reform has been needed for a long time.
Criminals, everyone.
Now if they didn't hire immigrants who will do the work?
#Homeless will that is who.
Let's just show how heartless we can be America
DEMOCRATS PSA @YoungDems4Trump

Proclamation from your Dear Leader @realDonaldTrump . Or was it from Miller or Prez Bannon? Or the littlest racist Jeff.
Read
#plannedparenthood is still tweeting more abt immigration than family planning. That's why they'll lose funds.
here's a 6th thing
https://www.facebook.com/WorldCloudLA/videos/611108825679970/?hc_ref=ARQKNDMYG9bU1XtRsA6hNGLMLs2FQwmqY-eQvzLKfBoEF5rUEn1Sp_eAi0aZCU5PGjo# … @jimjames
Perhaps keep tabs on how long it takes those requests for renewal, that must be filed within a month, to be fully processed.
most imortant thing is contact the Senator and Congressman in your state asking them to make the law fixing this. That's why it's happening
DACA needs a smart, educated strategy to share with Congress why this should be approved.  Rioting and demonstrations is NOT the answer.
How many of those children that were accepted by DACA have actually took the citizenship test and became citizens?
Uh none. Because that's now how it works. DACA just means you don't get deported for 2 years & u get a work permit. That is ALL.
Bering in mind that during those 2 years recipients have to keep their record spotless and work towards a degree.
It is NOT a path to citizenship or even a path toward residency. It was just a renewable 2 year  work permit.
Not a Trump thing even dumb dumb knew
That's an invitation to civil war inside USA for the people who wants to live there
DACA is UNCONSTITUTIONAL legislating by executive fiat. Democrats violate oath by supporting it. Only Congress can make law. Obey it.
Elimination game DACA & deporting people is not going to b a new job 4 u. In fact, your life is going to b miserable
If Congress doesn't make it into law, it will take at least a year for that to happen, during which people can apply to be citizens.
Does any enity really have power anymore?
We're dreaming that you will go to jail for your crimes
Remember #daca is unconstitutional. The "dreamers" should be mad at their parents not the gov for having laws!!
@erykalovexo
I have no comment for this.But just to be clear,Mr president you didn't pick a side,you just said excluded us from politics.
that is my point of wiev.which is not a bad thing when you think of it that way,but in obvious thing it's all about having
POWER.
And Mr.president my fight with politiants on college,isn't something to brag about.sorry I deserved your attention

Only one thing DACA is unconstitutional thanks to Obama's disreguard fo the Constitution
Law & order President doesn't pardon a convicted racist, side with supremacists yet attacks innocent dreamers! Plain sick!
He's treating this nation like a goddamn country club. We went from being an example to the world to a cautionary tale.
Wow horrible.
@TheDemocrats 
I STAND W THE DREAMERS & THEIR FAMILIES! WE WLL FIGHT BACK! WE WONT LET TRUMP SESSIONS & COMPNY GT AWY W THIS!

Great info now is time to investigate Comey and HC's and give THE PEOPLE the truth and prosecute
Prayers for Congress that they get it right.  But this is the way it had to be done.
By not doing so he set it up to fail.  It was already being challenged in court.  Trump did the right thing by sending it to Congress.
Revisit Obama's statement in when he implemented the program.  He should have taken it too congress and made it into law.
He did. It was in Congress before Obama administration.
You forgot, 6. The order never should have been made in the first place and is constitutionally illegal.
In 2015 Sessions praised legislation from 1924 based on eugenics to control immigration he's the attorney general #shame
How many Democrats will have to be voted out of congress before they start working for Americans not illegals? Americans see the truth!
6. Court ruled it likely unconstitutional. #DACAprotest #DACA #DACAWorks #DACADreamer #EndDACA #EndDACAnow #Trump #DACAStrong #Dreamers
no the 5th court of appeals ruled it unconstitutional and was upheld by supreme court on 6/23/16 before trump was elected
What case is that? I found the expansion case ended 4-4 leaving it blocked.
a tie in the supreme court upholds the lower courts decision
only thing not upheld but scheduled to further examine is family tie exemption
A vote for democrats is a vote for against working Americans. Americans will vote out more Democrats in congress next election.
Illegals send over 26 billion back to Mexico to fund their government.
Libs care less about working Americans. They go out of they way to support non Americans.
DNC want working Americans to support their DACA voter base. They chose illegals over legal Americans...VOTE!
One DACA arrested for 'just being there', lost his DACA because he was  arrested! No crime! Just ICE arresting anyone Mexican!


Thanks decorates u did nothing when u were the majority
Why is he STILL president?? Honest to God, I do not understand this at all.  Someone please explain. We need our America back NOW!!!
controvercial law as some of those affected couldve even voted for Trump...now they become "illegal" US democracy is declining under trump

Looks pretty reasonable given that DACA is unconstitutional anyway.
Go ahead and march and complain. The government is tired of paying for freeloaders and leaches. Was going to end under some president.
Is there a bilingual file of this that I can distribute in my neighborhood? We are an #ImmigrantsMakeAmericaGreat neighborhood and PROUD!
While We all are bracing For another DEADLY Hurricane #Irma2017 leave it to the Dems to worry about #DACA I guess #Harvey didn't touch you!
You all know you agree with me! All real Americans are more worried about our friends in the #HoustonFlood and #Irma2017 then stupid #DACA
So in other words if we don't Resist. They don't stand a chance!
Wow
#DACA  needs all of us!
People brought here outside of their control shouldn't be punished. There should be a simple pathway to citizenship for every one of them.
Thank you
Concerning #3 does the $500 have to be paid now? Can't imagine everyone hast that at hand. If so is there a fund to help them out?
daca is illegal

Illegal immigrants are breaking the law. Get that in your head.

I feel that most if not all of the DACA students are more Americans than I am. They live here work their buts off at jobs and college.
Saw report today - shows this was falsely protrayed.  Stats showing most not in college or working and broken down even more.  Check it out.
What Trump has done is not or ever will be what America stands for. Shameful.
Also if they have applied , apps will still get processed!!
This includes all the GANG MEMBERS AS WELL!
It's sad that the nation of immigrants is saying no to young determined minds. #DACA
It's actually not illegal in any way, shape or form. Stop spreading a false narrative
You should thank Obama for this mess. He knew it was the wrong way to solve this immigration problem, to give these kids false hope is cruel
Democrats fooled you.  They had all branches for 2 years ignored immigration.
It's too bad you and your Hollywood friends do not understand the difference between LEGAL immigration and ILLEGAL immigration.
Yeaaaaa
More facts obamas 2012 order was unconstitutional and illegal 2100+daca were convicted of.crimes some violent, u need to stop the demanding
don't know why people hate on other less fortunate people who want a better life & future + they were KIDS when brought here!
#6 enter a country legally, and you won't have to worry about this kind of thing.
DACA is illegal as OhBummer himself said on tens of occassions.  WHY IS YOUR WORLD A LIE!!!
#1 #DACA is not a law
The mask is telling...
.@UNITEDWEDREAM .@CecileRichards Here's what you need to know 6 months from today.

RT & Share widely!
I stand for DACA!
Im only 40 years old , and I am wondering when America stopped being great, maybe people are speaking of a time before I was born, I missed
Nostalgia is always better than the real history. Trump is a throwback, IMO, to the pre-Civil & Women's Rights era.
True and politics have had more outlandish events in the past ( minus the mass media, and nuclear weapons)
Make no mistake. BLAME OBAMA. He played a cruel joke. Executive Order is not a law. He said "its temporary. It's not amnesty"   Obama=cruel
Unless you are removed and come back it is not a crime. Most Americans are ignorant of the law.
#HereToStay #DefendDREAMers #DefendDACA
Peculiar to watch an entire country throttle itself out of little more than what amounts to spite.
Mr Murphy you need to back the citizens of USA and stop protecting illegals in this country MAGA
Is there really a job a US citizen wants/can't get because an immigrant has it? Only one I can think of is the one that B.Clinton wanted.
@TheRealMrB Schindler's List hauntingly comes to mind.
Really? How's that?
Inane policy for a pro-growth agenda in an economy with an aging labor force. Then there's the issue of morality.
Though it seems just a pamphlet, the phrase with the infinitive 'to determine' grants access to the USA.

The hateful actions of @realdonaldtrump makes me glad millions of children worldwide grew up with @BarackObama as @POTUS.
A real role model. https://twitter.com/BarackObama/status/905141484386750469 …
That is such bs. Americans die from domestic home grown criminals.
If you are so worried about those jobs, why didn't you apply for them? Most jobs hire the best of those interviewed.
@paulydoesit you're good babe
#DonaldTrump knows nothing but 2 things. Get rid of anything w/ Obamas name on it & get rid of anyone who's not white. Hateful racist
Thank you
to help African Americans fix their unemployment and under employment issues. Federal Reserves will not help DACA children with job either.
African American youth need help and is getting no help from it's own American government. Federal Reserve stated they have no solutions
Need to raise taxes on corps. Lower CEO pay.
