Rep Price has repeatedly misinformed the Committee about his role in, and access to, certain deals on health stocks
Steve Mnuchin has denied that his company used aggressive foreclosure practices that hurt tens of thousands
Thank you! This term, your job is to delay, obstruct, and #RESIST
Thank you Senator. Please also boycott DeVos and Pruitt. I'm a constituent and I appreciate all your hard work.
/ You shouldn't be allowed to vote on anything/ your under indictment on Federal Corruption Charges
We support you! #resist
please do not vote for them!
and say no to #sessionsconfirmation
Why are you dragging your feet? Trump is making a mockery of our Democracy. IMPEACH this MONSTER!
@JanisH2 @SenateDems #RegisterToVoteAndVote
As a citizen of New Jersey, I ask you to look into impeachment proceedings for President Trump for denying-
After BO and HRC, you have nerve to think Trump should be impeached? Unbelievable!
Trump ignored checks and balances. That's clear and obvious abuse of power.
Outrageous block, twisting of facts & inciting violence
@GOP rubber stamped Pres Obama's cabinet! 
#VoteGOP2018
your days in the senate a numbered.  If the criminal investigation doesnt get you, we (the voters) will!
You get paid by me! you just gave yourself a free pass for the day on MY DIME! I just changed my affiliation
LIES, Senator. "Untruths" is wishy-washy. If they lied, they lied. Just call it what it is.
you need to ensure Sessions does not become AG & no S. Ct. justice until M. Garland is seated!
stop playing games I haven't seen one dem be truthful this whole process let @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
THANK YOU for standing strong to keep unfit candidates out of critical posts.
Well senator, do your job & hold the hearings and ask them about these issues.
Thank you! Please continue. NO on Sessions!
Thank you for working to protect our country!
- Ty, is there anything that can be done about Devos?
shame on you!!
Thank you. Boycott Everyday. Until he's withdrawn. He LIED to you. Under oath. Put him in jail not in cabinet.
it's time to end the grid lock and partisanship..
and get to the peoples business. Stop jeopardizing National Security...
will you say NO to Devos, Pruitt, Sessions & Tillerson. We DEMAND to know #DumpDevos #StandUpToTrump #NewJersey
Glad to hear it, now please vote against Sessions for AG!
So ACT LIKE AN ADULT & WORK OUT A COMPROMISE! Suffering r waiting for healthcare/tax reform & you play games!
Shame on you. You're just a bunch of old, liberal fascists. You should be voted out of office soon. @RonWyden
and at this point you have 327 people w/twitter who give a hoot
Thank you Senator Menendez
Thank you, Senator Menendez!
I just called your office and they confirmed you're still undecided on Sessions? R U SRS? #DoYourJobBob
yes!!!
keep up the fight!
Thank you for standing up for #US!
boycott?   Do your job
Thank you Senator Menendez.
They are liars, pure and simple.
thank you! Please, keep acting! Don't just wait for others to do it first.
Senator I live in Highland Park, NJ. Thank you so much. Price would be a disaster for this country.
Thank you!!
why don't u quit theatrics and get in there and do your job?
He is, he's trying to make sure we have qualified people running the government
senator Menendez is not qualified so it really is an effort in futility.
Thank you.
Thank you for representing me!  Please keep fighting!
Excellent! Please keep up the good work & oppose Sessions & Supreme Court nominee.
Sessions? Still waiting for you to do the right thing and confirm you will NOT give trump a rubber stamp AG.
what about Sessions? Your constituents are really tired of your failure to make a statement against him.
why not Tillerson?
you are a misguided man.
Hideous obstruction! I urge you to reconsider this. It will impact you even in NJ!!
I guess there was no obstruction going on when Obama was president, right?
You are right There was.But not @ this level.No way.This is on steroids. I don't get it. Help if u can
yes 2 much hysteria.Fear of xtreme alt right, eg Muslim ban, Jews left out Holocaust remembrance
it's not a Muslim ban right? Temporary 90 day ban from certain countries.Ur not hysterical Thk God 
THANK YOU SENATOR!!!
@CoryBooker @SenateDems Thank you! Stand strong! #resist
thank you from Bergen County! Don't stop there, call them what they are: liars. #resist
Thank You!!
Not enuf! Find other gop who still have a shred of decency & integrity @SenatorMenendez @DrDinD @SenateDems
Thank you!  Dems must hang together,  or we'll certainly hang separately.   B Franklin is still right. 

#impeachtrump
You're a punk! Show up a do your job!
Thank you for standing in opposition to those who promote inequality.
Thank you from Atlantic County!
Yes! Stay strong!
But also, German speakers: anyone else keep reading "Mnuchin" as a garbled form of "Munich"?
And then you voted Aye on Chao!
Very Good,THANKS! It's only right. These are the WORST cabinet picks ever. We've suffered out here enough! @SenateDems
Thank you, thank you! I SUPPORT YOUR ACTIONS! @SenateDems
Thanks! Extreme measures like this are needed when this administration keeps nominating corrupt candidates.
vote NO on DeVos
Thank you Senator Menendez!
Thank You!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you!
@kschade @SenateDems You know, you're allowed to say he LIED.
Awesome! This'll make the midterms a breeze for Republicans! Keep up the good work, Senator.

@SenatorMenendez @SenateDems
thank you !!
THANK YOU!  Hold the line. We WILL remember you in a good way!
thank you Senator from a constituent in 08054.
childish. No wonder the Democratic Party is DONE! #MAGA
thank you for standing up to them, senator.
Thank you. Resistance is not futile.
thank you!!
Thanks for taking this stand against corruption. If nominees can't be truthful before being confirmed, how can we trust them in office?
Thank you! #RESISTANCE
Thank you all for standing up for America.
thank you Senator Menendez! We have to fight for our democracy!
thank you for standing up. We need more senators not afraid to take a stand #resist
we support you!
Thank you!!
