stay healthy and run for President. You got my vote.
Your boss Crak Fag (Barack Obama) & Larry Sinclair smoked Crak and had sex in a car. Then they had Crak Sex in a hotel. Not the Russians
Your a joke. Why aren't you and the big O teaching your Democrat hooligans some manners.  History will not be kind!.
Thank You so very much! This is vitally important to all people who need access to medication for Chronic illnesses. Thank you!!!
please please declare martial law and don't allow this idiot trump to come to office please
other than "feelings" this will make a difference what does it actually do other than throw tax payer money to Democrat supporters?
Perhaps if our Gov was solvent, such jesters could be appreciated but we R BROKE!  20 trillion $'s of debt for our kids.
Personally, when I am in debt up 2 my great, great grand kids asses, I don't try to give 2 charity. Show me the money?
Congrats, now pls work to declass #CBDoil class 1 it is helpful fight cancer and effects of chemo. My wife has #cancer and needs it
DISAPPOINTED IT DOESNT PROVIDE FOR ALTERNATIVE TREATMENTS THAT WORK BETTER THAN CONVENTIONAL TREATMENTS
Thank you. such a monumental time In our country...
TTT 
http://Www.transformingtreatabletragedies.org 
let's find a cure !!
2017, COL raise is less than half of 1%.  4 myself, that is 5.35.  In addition, medicare went up 5.10. This means nada
Where did this billion come from, China?  Congress has personal pet projects that draw money, money that does not exist.
@JordanHokaj Jordan fake account twitter watching you
FedGovt has proven for decades their inability to succeed at anything except gaining massive personal wealth.
Not after that ignorant lunatic takes over!!!!!!!!!!
Wow. You're in favor of cancer, Parkinson's and heroin.
it tries to help Obama malign your sex trafficked, especially Chinese American victim as "crazy" to cover up you & obama's crimes

Not to be disrespectful, but we have all given to cancer cures without much result.  Don't think our gov should.
ma man!!
Don't leave us, Joe
he's the absolute best. #biden
cast
what are the little extras hidden between the millions of misleading words? We should be careful abt othr regs/rules hitching a ride
Great news. Congratulations
Seniors have been denied a COL raise 2 yrs running.  2016, no raise due 2 low gas cost?  Flash! Seniors don't commute.
Congratulations on writing a great gov tweet! http://shiningsea.measuredvoice.com/VP/status/808869222839386112 … (Ranked 9th for Dec 13.)
Well, let's all come together and impeach this fool-elect.
God Bless you Joe! My son Elliott battled Lymphoma all year and is in remission! We love you Joe!
@WhiteHouse you guys were the worst administration this country has ever had before @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
thanks VP Biden!! We will miss you, keep up the fight
- Absolutely agree with you Sir, the #CuresAct signature shows the government's intention.
key word being "consequential", hopefully this won't carry the same consequences as Obama care
Government at its best? Really..what about when Gov killed JFK or MLK Jr? Planned 9/11 false flag,caused 08 crash..at their best then?
@HealthCareGov not with trump there
translation: expanding the unjust drug war via shell game will have big consequences. #EndTheDrugWar #LegalizeIt
glad it was passed!! my question is how are we retired and working people going to afford the price of the cures and medicine created?
or '"could" watch out for future developments
thank you so much sir! My son has glioblastoma, and I hope this can help him, we are running out of options. God bless you!
So proud of VP Biden and Second Lady Jill for their hard work to get this accomplished!
Good thing is I do have been read about Russian Consumer Culture! Here is Russia Submarine photo for American NATO!!
Russia It deloyed for the focus middle east Syria affairs! I just lets you know for American Military and prevent risk!
Bad thing is Russia deployed Oscar submarine! It was looks like not a good movie! It looks bad reality!
Hello Mr. Biden! Today I read about oversea Russia Affairs! It some part of good some part of bad!
thank you for your service.
@WhiteHouse where r the democrats challenging this PEOTUS mess!! Majority voted for demo...gotta fight/challenge/defend majority!!
too bad it gives free reign to big pharma
Vice President Bidenさん

It shows that our ◯◯ can still come together to do big, consequential things.

Thank you very much

@VP #CuresAct
so glad to see this happen
thank you for your hard work and congrats for a job well-done You should be so proud how you were able to bring everyone together.
.@VP @ONDCP Stop making more work for us actual scientists:
Former FDAer: "approving drugs for safety only might be the most horrible idea I have heard during my entire life" http://www.lachmanconsultants.com/2016/12/approve-drugs-for-safety-only-its-like-back-to-the-future-not-for-me/ …
.@VP @ONDCP You morons just made this problem worse.  WTF were you thinking? http://archive.jsonline.com/watchdog/watchdogreports/fda-approves-cancer-drugs-without-proof-theyre-extending-lives-b99348000z1-280437692.html … @fastercures
.@VP @ONDCP @fastercures @journalsentinel Here are the data since no one apparently does DD in the gov: http://archive.jsonline.com/watchdog/dataondemand/Search-54-cancer-drugs-approved-by-the-FDA-280366712.html#!/monthlycost_desc_1/ … @POTUS
not one person in that room i would even trust to watch my dog.
thank you for making a,difference for Cancer patients!  Wishing you and your family the happiest of holidays

praise God
going to miss you and also we need merritt garland in the supreme court
we need a new election
thank you for your service will miss you terribly
OBAMA it is Nice to see you even if it is on the pictures only .
glad they were able to get this Bill signed before leaving office. I will miss them both terribly. Greatest Pres & VP ever
best veep we have ever had. Will miss you come Jan 20. #diditforBo
a sta je to potpisao sa koliko sarenih boja u obliku duge ha ha ha.A da li ce to biti vazece videcemo.
Congratulations on the #CaresAct getting signed. I know how much that meant to you. Wishing you and your family a wonderful Holiday.
Proud.proud.proud
Well done Sir
thank you. Please don't go.
tell @POTUS to save Stading rock make a national monument and help @NRDC before he goes.
thank you sir!
congratulations!  The BEST VP in US modern History! You earned it Sir!!!! CHEERS!
God bless you. You are truly inspirational. Stay authentic!
not enough of that these days. Thank you for leading the way.
despite the audacity of this accomplishment it is perhaps overshadowed by a government which fails in its basic duty to confirm nominees
#2020
Here's hoping y'all can get criminal justice reform done too!
I wish you were our President!  Respected by everyone or everyone that really counts.  Stay engaged!
thank you for everything. What a great moment today. Tears of happiness.
great job!  thank you
Thank you
congratulations!
Congratulations to you and tremendous thanks for this meaningful contribution. We are honored by your service 
Really! Like #aleppo Joe?
I wish to visit you before you leave office, I am thankful to you.
keep fighting Mr. Vice President. We need you. Beau would be proud.
Let's enjoy that now, while we have it. We may not, next year.
@WhiteHouse Move to Colorado have smoke join the Green party and ,Laugh with the rest of us at Trump,I love him in SNL,is that like FOX?
Barack Obama is a scumbag Mr. Vice President.
You know Barack Obama and Bill Clinton are the sleaziest pieces of filth to ever hold the presidency. Hillary Clinton likes seeing rapes
we will really miss you , thank you for doing the best for all of us , &God may  help us for the next 4 years with the daily comic show
Your friend and boss Crak Fag (Barack Obama's nickname) and your other friend Bill "Rapeman" Clinton should stop blaming the Russians.
@GAMATHABANI 
When will democrats and republicans come togethor for the people and not for personal gains
Thank you so much!
Wonderful
like stomping on informed consent...... #CuresAct #HR34
Drug companie$ make obscene amount$ of money off public $uffering and with the monster$ in the DC 
ce$$pool... !t will only get wor$e i?
Robert Royal Rife was a visionary & I have never worried about remi$$ion! But Medicine hadn't become a bu$ine$$ owned by drug companie$?
I'm a survivor of bone cancer at 14... my father was a Oncologist and I was treated by traditional Medicine and a man Robert Royal Rife
thank you!
Thank you! This...This is how we #WageHope against our #deadliest of cancers. 
thank vp @JoeBiden  for everything you do and @POTUS  has done 4 the last 8 yrs despite obstruction. 21 years ovarian cancer survivor.
you have done so much for our country. You are a true American. Way more than I can say about the disaster that is coming next
@WhiteHouse Thanks Republican Congressman Upton.
Thank You!GOD knows YOU can' leace US now!!!
what about allepo???! What r we going to do to help those innocent civilians???
/ what did they bring about in the last 8 years??..nothing !
Thanks Mr. Bien.
Forgive the misspelling.
Thank you Mr Biden
Thank you and God bless all that came together to make this (Moonshot) happen. Love, Stage 4 and waiting for a cure !
Anon LaundryroomIntrudsposscoinjack Get Gaurd none now
I'm sure trump will repeal it 
And, hey, how about that Weimar Republic government? It was really doing good things for Germany until March 23, 1933. Then...
We're about to endure 4 yrs of government at its worst. 
Now you've spoken LA
@WhiteHouse love him
Actual news. This will be behind the more important matter of Trump / Kanye meeting
wtf?
Like what? Raping and killing children?
well thank God, we sure as hell cant afford health insurance anymore
Congrats! Secretly hoping the best VP in history will run in 2020
thank you for being the most honorable and heartfelt man ever. Please choose to stay active and save us all!!!! 
let us hope Trump doesn't reverse it having issues with science.
Let us hope it is not on the chopping block within the first 100 days.
Is that too negative? Am I forever altered? #Hope
So sad that a platform for Cancer deplorables take it for mocking. Hope their family doesn't get cursed
this is great news in bringing hope to future patients being diagnosed with cancer.
You'd have been a fine President Joe. We love you and we're gonna miss you. Thanks for everything.
PT Heinz ABC Indonesia
PT Heinz ABC Indonesia Logo
Company IndustryFood Production
Company Location.
#Derek Parker.Twin brother(ASdegree
Joe: You're vetoing his election, aren't you...Prez: No, Joe. I can't. Joe: Go ahead...I got you...
We adore you Uncle Joe! @VP
the govt can do good but only with a leader such as yourself

too bad it's not also a cure for democracy but hope it helps some people #CuresAct
Stop hating, this is about people with cancer, leave you politics where it belongs!
Nonsense. Like every other PR moment, nothing will change.
Oh God Dems and Reps agreed on something? This could either be okay or a truly horrific combo of the worst of both worlds
I think this is the kind of stuff our country needs. Hopefully it's sincere teamwork.
That's what I'm afraid of!

I'm being a *little* facetious but generally the parties agree on two things:>>
>> financial boondoggles and Orwellian national security measures.
I totally understand where you're coming from. Im just over here in denial that everything is effed.
Netflix CEO looted $2B so far in 5 years and $3.5B debt slapped on balance sheet. FINANCIAL TERROR Extreme
Congrats
Good job Joe. And, congratulations.
Thank you for your service to the people!!!
yeah like molest, torture and sacrifice children
Your son's legacy and impact continues. Thanks for all you do Mr. VP!
@WhiteHouse Petition and Email ALL Electors: https://m.facebook.com/groups/2333892664?view=permalink&id=10153921841217665 …
Dear VPB YOU just stay around for along long time to protect it. From an ABI survivor May Lord send you an extra pair of Angel wings
will miss you, sir!
This will be the last time in at least 4 years.
God Bless You, Joseph Robinette Biden!  I adore everything about you!  Best Veep EVAH!!  Just like @POTUS said!!
Thank you so much for all you've done for this country. Hope you run in 2020.
@WhiteHouse why did you allow russia to hack hillaries server?
I can not express how amazing you are. You are everything I could ever hope to be. So much love to you and Jill!!
thank you Mr. Vice president you will be surely missed
You will be missed.
Repeal.
Why? What don't you agree with?
you are my President...usted es mi Presidente...Dios te bendiga.
Thank you for your services and please keep going to help Americans
you and President Obama are the greatest. I now worry what's going to happen to our country. How can we go from you guys to this dirt
Going to miss you,  sir.
love you!!! Stay!!!
thank you for making an enormous impact. It means the world to so many. #onegoal
We are going to miss you.  Please don't leave us!  Enact Marshal Law, May God help us
So Wonderful! I'm going to miss you    so much!!!
thank you. Seriously. Thank you.
Appoint Garland
- does it make Big Pharma not exploit the American people with over the top drug costs?

The Pope was probably thinking, Pence or Kaine that's right Kaine = Cain bad choice Pence good choice.
wonderful to see. The country owes u a lot for this and ur many other contributions!
I can never express the level of my gratitude for all you've done for the cancer community. Lives will be saved because of your work. 
@WhiteHouse Best VP ever Joe!
thank you and I pray you run 2020
Thank you for all your hard work!  You're one good man!!
