WOW. Way to take women's rights back 100 years #TitleIX
So, did USDoE eliminate this abomination yet? If not, WHY? If so, WHEN?
I'm not a proponent of "Common Core", but support a system of public education: K-12, 13-17, 17-20, 20-22. Free Education for all!!!!!
DeVos 8 million in 7 months.  Questions during senate hearings were frighteningly revealing of your lack of knowledge
Thank god please stop forcing it on r kids it just makes them DUMB
If we would have had them before, people wouldn't believe in fake news and not voted for trump.
Common Core aims to make students critical thinkers, be able to analyze the validity of arguments.
you have no idea what Common Core is! It is a set of standards that delineate what each child is supposed yo know at each grade.
can you provide details as to why you believe Common Core does not provide high standards? I read you Q&A. No answers.
it is part of the elitist N.W.O agenda, get rid of it
What qualifies you?
@Kidderdoc Your awesome Betsy. God bless you!! 
So what is your proposed alternative to Common Core?
Common Core contains skills every individual needs to have in the 21st century. DOE must think about the future of all students.
get rid of it
what's your replacement?
.@BetsyDeVos 
That sums it up nicely.
how so u plant on getting  rid of it is the ?
how if it is  state ran
The page is missing. :( I wanted to read it.
how about Standards-based grading? Horrible.
no, it's not there you "full stance" where tf is it?
Thank you.  The attention against Common Core was on the maths, but it was the literature section that really caused damage!
What do you plan on doing about common core now that you are in ? For every state.
The link your provided in this tweet doesn't work.
Grizzley Lives Matter
What IS your position on Common Core?
Bachelor of Arts in what? And no teaching credential? No masters in education?
since you don't know about growth vs proficiency, you wouldn't understand Common Core. Ask a teacher for help!
The article is deleted. Interested to read this to understand why. Can you repost the correct link?
Why did you take the link down? Is it because your positions really don't matter since you bought the position?
Common core not perfect but has improved the quality of instruction by raising the bar in  schools. Don't be so quick to dismiss
The Link does not work. Do you have a position on CCSS you can share? Also any vision to that end? Thank you!
will you fund schools if you make us change "common core" standards??
We cannot read it if the page is unavailable.
it's a funny way to not support that position you support. I've heard most people hate common core. I would love more discussion
the supposed fact that you oppose Common Core would have made you more interesting & acceptable to teachers I think.
link empty. When she means period, she means, no further explanation, ty. She was in nom process,didn't want any damning details
link doesn't work. Not a great start to attention to detail.
Thank you Betsy! Please remove Common Core asap! One of the most ridiculous things ever in education. Let's get back to basics!!
Page not found?????????????
@MBOKSR_MAGA : THANK YOU!!!!!  Need to get the unions/money/politics out of education
So Thankful for your SERVICE. It drives Capitol hill crazy, when folks do things just for LOVE of education &  Country!
@Ajax2847 I will be grateful once I see #CommonCore removed..... so far, #POTUS has kept promises. I am hopeful this will be one
I have never been so disappointed in my 50+ years of our country as I have been in this admin!!
you're not a supporter of education, period. You're terribly unqualified, ignorant, and clueless.
@scorpiocbd It's developmentally inappropriate for young elementary students thank God DeVos understands that CC is a sham
@myGianLuca congratulations can't tell you how many teachers I know we're pulling for you , happy days
Are you sure what it even means?
Congratulations! 
Shame, money hungry driven people had to sling you through the mud!

#MakeEducationHonestAgain
@POTUS
@myGianLuca We are thankful for this. It's brainwashing our youth!!

Your link goes no where, it that a sign? You are there worst choice for this job! Unbelievable!
It's hard to form an opinion about you when you don't provide any stats or specifics with your stances.
I could care less how you feel about CC. Doesn't really matter if you want to privatize schools and cut funding for public.
Ok. So what exactly is your plan?
 link is broken. Please, actually tell us your stance on CCSS
Are you familiar with common core mathematics standards?  It seems that you are not. You are unqualified to discuss curriculum!
except that link re common core doesn't work. Neither do vouchers, especially for at risk youth- but as long as private ed is ok
When I click this link, I get "Page Not Found" message.  Where else can I read more on your stance regarding Common Core?
But... are you afraid of grizzly bears in our schools?
did you write this?
was interested in your full stance on common core but there is nothing there.  Coincidence?
got that #spicerfact @presssec "-period" down cold
Do you know what the Common Core is, or is it like "proficient" and "progressing" was to you?
https://www.henrymakow.com/2016/11/de-vos-common-core.html …
You are a liar---period.

http://blogs.edweek.org/edweek/campaign-k-12/2017/01/betsy_devos_on_common_core_civ.html …
Thats a lie!! Even your own ilk say otherwise.
Rooting for your confirmation. Thanks for standing up to all the ad hominem attacks.
"We're sorry, the page you're looking for can't be found." ---Similar to your responses during your hearing.
why is the page explaining your stance on Common Core down? Please update before Tuesday.
Duh. That's like saying, "I'm not a supporter of Betsy DeVos." Obviously no one supports Common Core OR Bet... oh... oops.
It must have disappeared. Where can we read about your plans for education?
this page cannot be found
So will you work to get rid of it???
You are aware that the Repubes demanded it, correct?
Will you support the CHILDREN WITH DISABILITIES IN PUBLIC SCHOOL PROGRAMS,THAT'S A FEDERAL STAPLE?
are you kidding me.
it's like your web page watched your confirmation hearing and decided to follow suit on your lack of answers.
page not found- How do you plan to ensure that students/teachers/curricula nationwide are being held to appropriate standards?
wanted to read your stance on Common Core,  but the page is down. Please post asap.
Page not found, DUH!!  >:P
This is a dead link.
You do not deserve that honor. #grammarticide
Those who opposed Common Core have neither read it, or taught it, much less understand it.
Link no longer works, and your website does not explain why you do not support Common Core, would you please elaborate? Thanks!
Here's the correct link:
The page was taken down, why?  I would like to read it.
Your link does not work.  Do you truly understand Common Core.  I suspect not.
so when do we throw away these common core books?
oh great, someone finally taught you something about common core....
I also disagree with common core-- but the link is broken when I try to open. With what will you try to replace core?
Says page not found?????
Please understand the difference of Common Core Standards and Common Core Methods
thank God,no common core.#BringGodBacktoschool
Please post a working link to your stance on the CCSS. Thank you.
common core... Amway scam crushing the dreams and opportunities of millions.thats common core MATH @realDonaldTrump
Your link, like your education reforms, doesn't work. Period.
Why would I assign value to your opinion! You have little to no understanding of how people learn! What is your degree!?
trying to read your stance.  This is a dead link.
wow big suprise you don't like sexual equality who could have guessed.
you know nothing about what is wrong with education either vouchers to priv schools not the answr start with nix standard tests
More #schools to choose from won't be beneficial for students? How is one-model-for-all superior?
Why would we believe you support CC? You are a proponent 4 EVERYTHING anti-public ed. (Yet she wants to make decisions about it)
thank you!!
To clarify, you probably don't even fully understand what common core is based on your lack of knowledge at  hearing #DumpDevos
thank god get rid of it
Your site is still down and I would love to read about your full stance
it would be good to give parents back the choices they had under NCLB including the right to choose a higher performing school
That's the only good thing about you. You have no experience, lack in knowledge, and Warren and Sanders pegged you perfectly.
Thankfully common core is awful and takes away individuality. Please ditch the state standardized testing!
I'd love to read the full stance but the link does not work;Takes me to your general page
FYI - common core is not a Jillian Michaels workout
your link is broken....unless that is your stance.........nothing of substance or value
I imagine this is temporary, but it is a nice visual metaphor for the hearing yesterday:
YES! Thank you!
 https://t.co/WvohJukU0i 
come on. Supporting equal access 2 gen ed curriculum for kids w SN is key 2 your image in public eye! #IDEA #inclusionrevolution
This link doesn't work.
"page cannot be found" so,don't want to justify your stance? The schools you fund aren't accountable to ANY standards.
who wrote this for you?? You're really really bad at answering questions on your own so I'm just curious
Common Core is insanity. Somebody made a killing on the curriculum & not 1 teacher we have likes it. #notafaneither
She is lying, she is pro common core and privatization of schools..she is a liar.
https://www.henrymakow.com/2016/11/de-vos-common-core.html …
That is the most retarded thing I have ever read. Stop spreading this bullshit.
have you even sat down with teachers to see how it is helping our students?
I am so glad to hear you don't support common core. I feel very hopeful about the education changes you support!
So sad that you don't support Common Core...the standards are based on international standards so we can compete. Not qualified
you are unfit for secretary of ed and will ruin my college education if appointed. F***ING B**CH
woefully unqualified, uninformed and unintelligible. The nation's children deserve considerably more than you have to offer. #no
You give no specifics on your opposition to Common Core. Please clarify.
So you don't think reading, writing, math, and sciece are important. That's the Common Core. Do some research.
there is a #betterway to introduce precal type collections perhaps we can examine tynker behavioral learning more closely
The texts being used under Common Core are leftwing propaganda & revisionist history. Must be changed.
You were wonderful today !!
Get rid of Michelle lunch program. Send k-12 back to states. Work on fixing Universities and setting up trade schools
early edu means as early as 1-2y/o, Not 3-4y/o
keep common core!!!Need early edu i.e. Preschool! Edu starts late here & now u want to take away standards
@ColumbiaBugle I was very sorry to see how you were treated in the confirmation hearings today Elizabeth Warren was terrible 2 u
it helps critical thinking
Watching the hearing I kept wondering why the DEMs think you should be required to follow their ideologies. WE voted for CHANGE
get rid of common core
Thank Goodness, I showed my granddaughter the multiplication table graph how I learned. Now she knows her times.
I'm a grizzly killer
proficiency and growth... U don't seem to know the difference especially at your hearing today...
That's not something you should admit to being proud of.
. WOW @alfranken @SenSanders @elizabethforma her page was taken doan about common core?
you did a great job today!
.@BetsyDeVos Are you [still] on board of Jeb Bush's Common Core-supporting edu foundation? https://www.conservativereview.com/commentary/2017/01/why-school-choice-advocates-should-be-asking-hard-questions-of-trumps-education-pick-betsy-devos …
 #MAGA #dts
@MatStaver
If you are not a supporter of Common Core, does that mean you will move to abolish Common Core? #stopcommoncore
@BeingSentinel Thank you!! We are vehemently against it.
@BeingSentinel Sanders seems to be campaigning while questioning her 
. @BetsyDeVos Charter Schools are runing America! No Tax Dollars for Charter Schools, funds to charter schools are Wasted!!! Sad Regulations
clear proof you have zero education experience.
Right, because you don't care about most school kids who need it, you were born into wealth and think we all have your $.
A law to fire brainwashing & activist (against USA) teachers, please! This should be another parent's choice.
after reading how DOE doesn't actually determine curriculum but handles distribution of funds--what exactly are your objectives?
and we're not supporters of Christian end of times education. #trump resign
Fyi: The link about your views on common core isn't working.
Comon Core is nothing but a liberal indoctrination. This is a deep-rooted injustice to our children which MUST be corrected.
I'm on the MSAD17 Sc Brd, get rid of CC and all of the fed mandates, PLEASE!
Betsy DeVos, Trump’s Education Pick, Plays Hardball With Her Wealth https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/09/us/politics/betsy-devos-education-secretary.html?smid=fb-share …
That is your full stance on Common Core?  I was expecting a well researched, thoughtful analysis, not a sound bite.
@marymac41  Please get Qatar and Islam out of our classrooms.
Did you donate $9.5 million to the trump campaign?  Does this make you qualified? #unqualified
also please teach more American History it's lovely to learn about world history but we need to master our own first
please get rid of CC it needs to go and please bring back handwriting(script) again believe it or not the kids want to learn it
you should be. It's important to have standards. It's helped students in KY.
IT is super important to root out all of the Critical Race Theory influences in the educational system. Toxic racism
A must see: Charter Schools: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO) https://youtu.be/l_htSPGAY7I   via @YouTube
Can't get rid of it soon enough,  give education back to the states! That and fix college brainwashing and bring back education
@Jacquie0415 Was anyone really asking? Really? You said many. Maybe two?
.@BetsyDeVos Common Core standards were developed by the states, and Common Core was not forced upon states by the federal government.
.@BetsyDeVos President-Elect's campaign promise to abolish the Common Core is simply illogical.
high standards, strong accountability, local control. 
 children deserve access to a quality education. Common Core!
with us educators and school districts before you destroy something so important and we all lose our jobs too. Thanks.
America's greatest gifts to our youth. A free-public education. You have zero experience working in schools. Please colloborate
District for the past 11 years. There are GREAT things already happening in our public schools. Please don't dismantle one of...
This is a sad day...I've been a credentialed elementary school teacher in the arts working for the Los Angeles Unified School...
says the privileged one who nevr had to dpnd on public ed. Look fwrd 2 see how you'll screw the poor. Dumb always votes GOP
