Than why has Congress sat on its ass watching Obama illegally 'make laws' for 7 years, 11 months? #NWOPuppet
exactly! Why then? I'd have him up on charges so fast, his fuzzy little head would spin! #DrainTheSwamp #Winning
GOP just gutted the OCE to coverup Trump's illegal conflicts of interest. GOP is 5000* more criminal.
GOP did this?

Obama Alters US Oath of Allegiance in Compliance with ISLAMIC LAW
I was trying to pick through that site's propaganda and suppositions to the facts. Help?
so when @realDonaldTrump starts doing things I am going to remind you of this video!
Trump's a criminal .Trump's collusion with Russia in election tampering "brave"?
The Constitution still says Trump's conflicts of interests are illegal, even if GOP do a criminal coverup by gutting the OCE.
As your ugly tenure comes to its end your only accomplishment was fu€king the people. If you had a conscience I'd pray it eats u alive. As it is I can only take joy in you're gone & your party is in tatters. Good job you pri€k
EVERY American will soon know abt ur own ties 2 Putin & Russia despite batting ur big blue Munster eyes & talking in circles!!
@jasoninthehouse Does this only apply to Democratic presidents? #hypocrisy
you will be remembered as a coward and a collaborator
does this still apply, some whopping 40 days later?
Remember this?  Good Times.
President Obama is in office for only 1 more month, and he’s already rolling out his last-ditch regulations. So here’s a final reminder: 
where’s your outrage now? Grow up and show leadership! Or are you just hoping for your time on the throne after impeachment?
@Vote_Davidson but it's ok when the Cheeto-in-Chief does it? Hypocrites .
we know u despise our potus; because hes been incredibly effective, because hes black, and because hes the man you'll never be!
Color, gender, orientation mean nothing. The content of ones actions not words speak loud and clear. POTUS has been rebuked
that's a good thing, since dt is challenged with his rhetorical skills. but boy, his actions are clear - gtbtp!
Not according to your last 7 years in office. You are the worst congress in history according to your polls.
so we have the worst Congress in history and the least popular President ever now ! Gross
we have a very popular president and an obstructionist congress.
lol and you "linda" are obviously.a trump bot . Hope they pay you well
Lynda, I think you read Linda's tweet wrong. She's speaking present tense. She's pro-Obama, by my reading.
you're right that all got confusing! We have the worst congress and the worst President ELECT I should have said
does that mean only 1 more month of you and your boys bein obstructive and not doing your jobs?
You abdicated your authority via obstructionism. Who were you helping? Not the American people, that's for sure.
Anything King #Obama does by decree can be thrown out. Let's see if he pardons Hillary, Lynch, Mills, Jarrett & Holder. #MAGA
Here is a reminder: Tour candidate lost the popular vote and your party lost seats in both houses. You have no mandate.
How much does it scare you that in one month you can't blame Obama anymore? What am I saying? You'll keep blaming him.
can't wait to see all your amazing solutions start rolling out on Jan 21. Tick-tock, punkin'.
I think the real fear of the mentally deranged is that #Trump and #Reps will deliver on Wall, Taxes, RoL, & Jobs
No. Our fear is that they'll cause another recession with their failed trickle down nonsense.
Supporting the same insanity that didn't work for W. That's deranged, friend.
Obviously you get your info from questionable sources. You're now complaining about something that didn't happen?
Ha! Today on "post truth America" a Trumpling denies the great recession happened. You're fun!
For his next trick, he'll explain that the earth is actually flat.
OMG. Where can I save this for the future. You KNOW @realDonaldTrump is coming...right?
Actually he is the President period
Mr. Ryan, you are a Godsend! Please, never leave as Speaker, until you make POTUS yourself!
repeal it.
Can you practice what you preach?? Cough, cough NC R governor. Hypocrites!!
you look ridiculous trying to reprimand a constitutional scholar with integrity while cowering to an unqualified corrupt nazi!
but he never gets called out for all of his lies our sold out media let's him spew this bs+they say nothing!
No but Ryan was either paid hush money or has some blackmail against him. Can't be this stupid
Ryan is not stupid. He is very smart. He is also corrupt. Money corrupts, power corrupts
and also gets to choose SC justices. But I suppose we've lost any sense of fair play now.
Ignore anything that Obama says or wants. He's become irrelevant...
And good leaders have replacements before repealing
photo opt.  Easy to repeal, expensive and complicated to replace.
Where?
you will destroy our country if he doesn't.
looks like it's refs that we need for protection from you!
Doing his constitutional job.Your job was not to oppose everything. You may be a winner now but  a loser. Time will tell
He's acting under the authority vested in him by US law. GOP obstructionism is only thing you know/care about. @SpeakerRyan
Presidents pick Supreme Court nominees. GOP controlled Senate violates Constitution by refusing to advises and consent. @SpeakerRyan
GOP and @SpeakerRyan think @BarackObama shouldn't have any power, mostly because he's a Democrat. Show some respect for President.
. Republican or Democrat, the Executive Branch does not legislate!
And Obama has done no such thing. Ryan lies again. @JCrusadr @SpeakerRyan @BarackObama
GOP must have forgotton we are a nation of laws.  That why they have the goofball Trump
here's another reminder:
@SamThiessen  Appears we need to expand civics in schools so people understand how our govt works.
Now @SpeakerRyan I want you to remember this particular tweet when, in a year, you are not objecting to executive actions taken by Trump.
Don't worry. I'll remind you, if you forget. :)
please tell me y'all can stop Obamas ban on drilling in the ocean?
Are you serious? Just go ahead & commit suicide on your own, leave the rest of s out of ur death wish; greed blinds
how is this suicide or wanting death? #dramaqueen
Loving social media! Record of your hypocrisy and whoring for power
President Obama is in office for only 1 more month, and he’s already rolling out his last-ditch regulations. So here’s a final reminder: 
.@SpeakerRyan Hey Paul, here’s something you should watch. You might learn something.
President Obama is in office for only 1 more month, and he’s already rolling out his last-ditch regulations. So here’s a final reminder: 
@IndeCardio 
And suddenly, ,NOW, you openly are opposing Obama? 
Where the hell have you been the last 2 years with this!
Speaker Ryan is still a snake! I think the fangs come out after Trump's first 100 days!
@judyrademacher2 @12voltman60 @SpeakerRyan before or after horns and pitch fork?
I dunno! Depends on when Hillary will allow him to borrow them!
good one!!!
For years I have found it difficult to say whether Hillary or Ryan helped Obama more!

Quisling: A person who betrays his or her own country by aiding an enemy, often serving later in a puppet government. #GOPQuislings
Trump was facing impeachment for illegal conflicts of interest. GOP criminal's coverup? Gutting the OCE.
He should be facing jail just for admitting he's a sexual predator.  Pussy grabbing is not presidential
trump has zero presidential qualities+zero redeeming values the lowest form of human being is in power
oh please!  Why didn't the GOP get off their lazy bums and actually write laws with Obama?  You did nothing and now you whine.
remember Obamacare was a GOP idea.  Cap and Trade was a GOP idea.  Now the GOP has to show us what ideas, if any, they have.
congress has sat on their hands for 8 years moron
@benito35dddavis and Ryan Gets $222K + Benefits and 115 Working Days Scheduled 2017. #Sweeeet
I'd do his job (nothing) for half that!
So why are you letting Trump? #hypocrite
Does this apply to all presidents or just the ones you don’t like?
Ayn Rand was Russian and now you have Putins Puppet for the next President. Why don't you move to Russia instead of all this ?
you're spineless and you're a hypocrite. Shame!
awww, look at you quoting the "constitution" #gop claims to love, but only when it comes to #guns #nra
when trump goes down you go down with him Ryan, you sold yourself long ago
we are proud of Our speaker!
if U want to save money hire me I'll do nothing for $200k a year instead of Ryan's salary of $225k save $25k!!
How quickly @SpeakerRyan forgets
President Obama is in office for only 1 more month, and he’s already rolling out his last-ditch regulations. So here’s a final reminder: 
HEY RYAN...REMEMBER THIS????? PRESIDENTS DON'T WRITE LAWS, why are u letting donny do whatever he wants? #wheresyourspine
last ditch regulations eh?  Answer me this - what about the missing justice on our Supreme Court?  What would you call that?
you really do have your head all mixed up. It's not your fault that u continue to get #fakenews. They have all been lying to u
love ya!
so stop letting Trump think he is writing laws when he signs his missives with a sharpie.
@thee_stupid You might want to consider what you said regarding Obama as it applies to your cirrent sad excuse of a President.
couldn’t agree more so pull your head out of Donald’s rear end and put the congress back in control of policy.
So what about Drumpf's multiple EO? Hypocrisy does not serve public servants well. Appalled. Next, why are we paying $$ for golfing vaca.???
@suejohnston56 You will not be Speaker after next year! I promise you that!!
Looks like you need a refresher on this @SpeakerRyan
History is not going to look kindly on you @SpeakerRyan. You have proven to be a very weak man. @sandhawke
holy shit Ryan said some eloquent & correct...
time to step up and stand up Mr. Speaker. Disappointed
Hey @Potus here's a short video explanation of how our government works.
Feel free to share with friends and family
sounds about right. You should watch this every morning on your way to work.
President Obama is in office for only 1 more month, and he’s already rolling out his last-ditch regulations. So here’s a final reminder: 
I love this!  You're the best speaker ever!
@cdespinosa Hey Mr. Ryan... you might want to remember this right about now.
Cowardly Rat. I call you that because you're a coward and you look like a RAT.
we need to work to make sure he does not get into office again. We promote and vote in the other guy.
Looking at the past eight years, apparently Congress doesn't write laws.
I am glad our congress blocked obama's plans. Otherwise we are more miserable.
HOLD OBAMA'S NOSE TO THE CONSTITUTION!! WE THE PEOPLE ARE BEHIND YOU!!!!!
Have yet yo have met a Republican who knows anything about the Constitution.
Yeah. Tell a Constitutional Harvard Lawyer how the Constitution works. You're just licking at the chops to fuck over the poor.
Not as terrible as the travesty of Republican's gutting ethics oversight.  Fox guarding hen house. Hiding sins from public.
The GOP is nothing more than a faction. Your greedy faction has all but destroyed the greatest middle class the world has seen.

it IS scary. I was a poly sci major and am an atty. These fascists take over very quickly by systematically
you are a crappy Christian!!!
True Presidents who love America more than themselves  want to make it a better country not a den of thieves and con men
I'm just curious about one thing, is your allegiance to the American people or @realDonaldTrump & Putin his puppet master?
Bending over for the Koch Brothers. #shameonyou  #boughtandpaidfor
American people got the truth about Hillary and Assange is the bad one?
will you be a traitor, too, when Trump is president? We shall see... #PartyBeforeCountry
Do not repeal ACA. My family needs it.  Of course,  tweak it to improve it, but do not repeal it.
then why isn't he stopped? You and the other politicians do nothing to stop him. You all don't deserve 1cent of pay from us.
Shut up!
What is going ON !  its going to be two years to abolish obama care are you a snake in the grass
What Obama think he is? A Dic(k)tator? will write his own rules & laws whenever he wants?
What a cheap, obviously edited version of speeches by Obama. But you're right, presidents don't write laws. #Trump
We end 2016 with Republicans still undermining President Obama, who's smarter & better than you! What you're doing is treason
your constituency is now every American.
have not done job for 8 years and are propping up a traitor so screw you- I hope he pushes everything he can including SCOTUS
it's because you and your tea party cronies wouldn't work collaboratively . He worked for"us" not you! Hear that!!
hates poor and working class people...who pay his salary. #PlannedParenthood is necessary for millions.
I hope GOP and Trump fails
Yes, and you will kiss his butt and roll with it just like you have for 8 years. You have failed "the people".
He wouldn't have had to if you obstructionists hadn't tried tying his hands over and over again.
Pres. Obama got us the lowest unemployment ever.  Saved us from REPUBLICAN deregulation.  You are pawn of lobbyists
hi limpdick!  Who's ass's shit is all over your nose today !? :)
To bad are do nothing REP Congress did not try blocking anything he has done.  Reason we did not want a politician for Pres!
He is still the president!
What's the road less traveled by the Republicans? 

The high road, never once taken.

@SarahKSilverman @SethMacFarlane
let's see if you're saying the same thing when Trump is doing it
Worst speaker ever!
feels so good when Donnie grabs your pussy
.@SpeakerRyan Is  Donny and Davids Little Squeaky Toy
Not popular to take away a government program. Are you concerned that Trump is destroying Republican party image?
And here's a reminder for you... Enjoy the next TWO yrs.
Does not know the difference between a law and a regulation? This is just more BS from #GOP
he is right about who write laws. he wants to repeal RvsW .How will he feel if some one he knows is raped & has to
remember that when the mango menace takes office.
#StandUpForUs https://vimeo.com/197790310?ref=fb-share … Stop climate destruction, racisim and hatred.
.@SpeakerRyan @SpeakerBoehner cld have changed Obama's presidency if they had kept him in check! #impeachment @JeffRoeD51 @SpeakerRyan #MAGA
Pls thank Jeh 4 rule- So GOP can mandate ALL voters have Photo ID / Purple Thumbprints 2 vote
@jasoninthehouse YOURE AI DUCKED UP. YOU WORL DOR AMERICA NOT THE REPUBLUCAN PARTY.
This is complete BS. what about last Feb when @POTUS had 11 mos to go and Congress violated constitution and kept him from making USSC appt?
I'm asking Speaker Ryan NOT to hold a vote on any attempt to defund Planned Parenthood. It's time to Protect women's rights.
is this your vision of the future?
Republicans will do anything for power to enrich the rich and take away from the have nots in order to balance budget
Laughing yesterday like a schoolboy ?You think treason is funny?You and others gave a standing ovation to a traitor GOP=treason
-- Rather than Pres O, you might want to keep a closer eye on your own Repub out-of-control idiots - like Goodlatte & ethics!
your phone system seems to be inadequate...you're gonna need a bigger boat
Where is your health care plan?
And you, sir, if you don't stop hand holding with Lindsey G. will have only a few more until you're out in the nxt election.
keep the OCE independent. America is watching you to do the right thing!
History will remember you as an obstructionist who destroyed America. Is that what you really want your legacy to be?
You're ditching some regulations yourself I hear. Namely about ethics in Congress.
what did satan offer you when you gave him your soul?
#PaulRyanSoScared

Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness.
President Obama has done the right thing...and always has. Have you? NO. Protection of our waters, air and our future, please!
Did you see what Obama the communist dictator just did to Ford's investment plans?  Oh, wait, I'm ...uh
what do you do if that legislative branch does nothing for eight years? #hypocrisy #frauds #overturncongress
weasel just talks shit, does nothing
From you last 7 years you have proved that congress doesnt pass laws either
@POTUS going out with a bust! Aware history will show him WORST Pres EVER; so he goes all the way:UN/Russia/Utah & Nevada/Kerry
Ur owing ur allegiance to the Koch brothers will cost u in the end So many people will flood u with complaints into ur actions
We need to all hold them accountable!!!
You have no alternative to ACA yet you're ready to take insurance from 20 million. Why? Give us something better than ACA 1st.
You might remind your lame duck candidate who was helped into office by the Russians. But you don't care cause he's your guy.
For years, Congress didn't either.
I am so disappointed in your continued support of this lame duck president-eg:#RussianSanctions - let us see some PROOF
Congress...yes...not YOU... Say it like you mean it...CONGRESS!!! Oh...and not Trump as well... He ain't well in the melon...
What about Congress's ethics vote? #draintheswamp
now you want to defund @PPact remember there's something called karma. You're the devil with an angel's face
Didn't you just allow vote to dismantle ethics committee?
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP
And we the people vote! 1 Corinthians 10:12 - Take heed lest you fall. The people have spoken. No repeal / Adjustments only
Speakers are expected to do the people's work. Not just Koch Bros, nor your personal agenda.
here's a reminder for YOU, WE PAY FOR OUR SS AND MEDICARE, LET'S TAKE AWAY YOUR PENSION AND HEALTHCARE SEE HOW YOU LIKE IT
bullshit, all you guys do is disrupt progress, get in the way of debate and thumb your nose at regular people
@HardballChris @mtaibbi Our number one goal is to insure that Donald Trump is a NO TERM president. #PutinPuppet
hope #ImpeachTrump is at the top of your to do list
Trump is making fools out of you and i among many that were repubs are leaving our party!  You are not worthy of us voters
You need to look in the mirror and repeat this. You and congress were elected by WE THE PEOPLE. We can dam sure vote you out!
They have to when Congress is obstructive and useless.
http://conservativefighters.com/news/traitor-among-us-obama-spends-770-million-build-foreign-mosques-american-soldiers-die/ …
back. You can't be part of this type of genocide. You do realize this is what you will be doing.So pick Trumps pocket and leave
Cute!
And in month's time you will be the manager of the pimping services at the white house
You are a Hypocrite! You are a LIAR! You are delusional! How darn you!
what is your plan? You've had eight years.where are the details? your party have done nothing but complain.

They lull themselves into believing it's good old American free enterprise… that access and cronyism did not enhance the sitch
LOL at your background, with all the children of color. Nice photo op to add to your diversity portfolio, eh? #GOPSoWhite
that would be great but you havent done your job in eight years. saying NO to everything Obama has tried to do is not doing it.
you leave us with no healthcare options or a collapsing system at your own risk
He is trying to Trump proof the not 1%.
Affordable Healthcare Act to the ethics committee. Then the GOP can privatize everything including roads schools and health
http://occupydemocrats.com/2017/01/06/republicans-just-voted-hide-massive-cost-obamacare-repeal-public/ …
If they are last-ditched they are to protect this country from people like you who want to eliminate ACA and Medicare.
You offered phone poll about ACA. We called M-Th. Got busy signal, no answer, or put on hold indefinitely.
