So, Senator, open up the hearings on the healthcare bill.  Invite dems to work with you on crafting it.  Try not shutting the other side out
Thank you Mr. Hatch,  I agree with you.
How about standing up for our President.
An eye for an eye. A tooth for a tooth. Do as you would be done by. Our President has done nothing wrong!
If you want Civility well it goes both ways. Can't expect it to be one sided as it is now.
How bout civility from those horrible people on morning Joe .. so rude nasty pathetic. They disgust me. They are an embarrassment to USA
Too many ugly hating people making our country look pathetic
Term Limits orin.....that is all we need from you and your co-workers.
FIRST SIGN OF THE PETER PRINCIPLE AND THE NEED FOR HATCH TO GO! HE RECOGNIZES THE PROBLEM BUT POWERLESS TO DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT!
Wish Hatch had retired a decade ago, but at least he got this right. "Civility", what a concept!

Republicans have no I mention of making America anything but a profit put for themselves on our backs
Really your majority was disagreeable and disrespectful for 8 years. Even today mcconnell refuses to work with democrats?
Redmap Cheats
Haa!
This comes from a man who staffers need to tell him what to say. Pathetic.....
Better step back to see who's being Un-Civil in their words and actions, Dems "Pissed" they lost elections and striking out at Repubs!
WHEN ALL the NONSENSE about the"RESISTANCE" STOPS, let us KNOW and we'll TALK!!!!!
Senator Hatch needs to tell that to the worst, most uncivil batch of unpatriotic of Democrats since Reconstruction days after Civil War!
The RINO'S talk about civility, but they don't speak out about the Dems trashing the President or his voters
Dems are. Seem to be proud of it. BC of that, it isn't ending anytime soon. So I say fire back. Give to them like they give it to us.
That's the problem. For too many years people like Orrin Hatch have been kissing Liberals butts instead of kicking them.
tell that to the democrats
Dude, you are the poster child for term limits. You go along to get along I.e. Get reelected and get nothing accomplished.
Donald Trump is your President, Senator Hatch.  You own him. You fix it.
There is no civility with Dems when they demonize and slander ... like "people will die" nonsense
@senorrinhatch ummm... People WILL die. Not nonsense.

Is he gay? Just curious.
This old guard "conservative" movement is so weak. Have some fight in you for goodness sake.
Dems are just a hate group anymore. They radicalize their dim witted base, all bc they lost! BIGLY
since when was Washington EVER civil - get over it - Mika and Joe are toxic and rabid @realDonaldTrump haters - Trump is totally justified.
As he pockets a Supreme Court justice. Take a nap and say hi to ailes
Hey Martha Go home!!! Support our president he is human too!!
Not so much.
Blah blah blah...#SimpleMajorityNow
But wait......TRUMP is the great uniter.....wait...No he's not.  You are the weakest link...goodbye
Tell Julie that Obama agent after FOX News all the time , dam man
Sure - Schumer a poster child of that
Didn't we try this like 2 weeks ago when @SteveScalise was shot? It lasted about 45 minutes...
Mika and Joe are horrific fake disgusting people!!! Fox broadcasters should be behind our president!! His establishment thank God is Loyal!
I like the old america .  Bring it back. Liberals know how to fight & win.  R is weak. Trump teaching R how to fight.
Orin is out of touch. Don't preach to us. Preach to your Dem buds
Republicans r the greatest hope for America but their stubbornness and unwillingness to compromise some beliefs will handicap Trumps efforts
Greatest hope? They are destroying America so they can have MORE money in their pockets!
Total repeal of the ACA. not affordable, not caring, is a big act, forced upon the American taxpayer, total failure. Free market solution.
Hey @realDonaldTrump, IT ISN'T HITTING BACK WHEN YOU'RE SITTING ON A TOILET TWEETING. YOU ARE A COWARD. We watched u cower in Mex. & Saudi.
tell that to the jackass in the White House
Finally @FoxNews and @OrrinHatch Ore, a President that fights back!!
Oh, but,contraire, mon Senator-it starts with Congress. Like me to post some evil tweets by the house and senate members?
"We may have to be neighbors, but I don't have to be neighborly"  

John Wayne in Chisum
Love you Orrin but term limits are needed, you were elected before electricity.
Gee, I know!  Lets start with MSM
Yes, we do had to be disagreeable.
Orin, you are 1,000 years old. Resign.
Hatch needs to go#MAGA
