This is why #nevertrump Wussified Republicans will NEVER win again -
Bullshit.
You fools play the "denounce" game that you will NEVER win and NEVER ask democrats to play - BLM terrorists invited to WH - Republicans, Meh
These knuckleheads have as much in common with the "Right" as the number 9 smells like green.
You can tell yourself that but every one of them proudly supports Trump. They chanted Heil Trump & wore MAGA hats. This is the GOP now.
No.
You can keep telling yourself that or you can wake up & smell the covfefe. There are good conservatives but they have been benched by tRump.
Exactly. I agree with you. But the Republican primary was a battle between traditional conservatism & white nationalism & you know who won.
Agree. I was responding to war monger extraordinaire @Pro_Nuke. tRump won't condemn "Alt-right" b/c they're his strongest base & he knows it
War monger? You are seriously mistaken. I am not a supporter of Trump, but a Conservative.
The nazis were a tiny fringe group until hitler gained the powers of the chancellor.
Ditto for the Bosheviks.
And, 6 months after Hitler was appointed Chancellor, all opposition parties were banned and public dissenters were in jail.
Still comparing?
He didn't have our governmental structure to deal with.
He had A governent structure, and he dealt with it ruthlessly
No circuit court could rule against him
He would not appeal, he would arrest
trump can't order arrests.
Exactly. Proves the point.
Somewhat. The tactics are different. Electoral rigging for starters.
Republicans must recognize "alt right" are your monkeys and this is your circus. Can't ignore it & expect it to go away #Standup4HumanRights
Half of GOP condemns the death but not the killers or their ideology. This is terrorism committed by Trump's base. Trump is a terrorist.
You fools really think the right is united against white supremacy? Against the confederacy? The right IS white supremacy. Do something.
It's ppl like you who foster the division & violence that happened today! Are ALL on the Left the fascist group ANTIFA? #Charlottesville
Stop with the "righteous" (aka hypocrite) indignation. Ppl like U have fostered division/violence for yrs - No Patriot would defend the KKK
@DrJacaranda Well except for the president...he seems to be cool with it.
1. Why weren't we ALL protesting Nazis??? 2. Even Republicans piled on telling him to be stronger.
#UniteTheRight has defined the Republican Party.
@realDonaldTrump and @lutherstrange's, "Condemnations," make it crystal clear that the racist block is an important part of the R base.
great thanks from this old liberal.
The "Right" must be LOUDER and speak MORE about this. Right & Left must UNITE in condemnation groups attempting to take away human rights.
Read your twitter feed and you're not being honest. It's not "their" hands - you are one of them Mr. KKK bigot. We see you for what you are
If you voted Trump or support him now it's too late for you to complain. You never stopped birther lies and allowed this hate to fester.
Too bad you dont condemn BLM and Antifa with the same intensity; then "you might" be worth listening to!
The Right has pandered to this evil for decades
Way to go Katie Guy you are right on the money. Great Show!
If only trump had done the same...still waiting of him to do so.  And you should demand that he does.
I despise the KKK. Always have. Always will. Pure evil in my book.
Your leader has yet specifically to condemn and suggests they're equal to those who protest them. If anything this showed they're accepted.
THEY ARENT THE "RIGHT". BLM is not the "LEFT". Both are the scum of the earth, and all should be locked up for life.
Not seeing it yet
A specific man, James Fields, from Ohio hit a group of protesters in Virginia with his car. A federal judge approved permit to avoid lawsuit
@KatiePavlich "fringe"? Heard of southern strategy and other dog whistles? This is logical conclusion.
Nah, that's not really how this is going down.
Odd that no one has told POTUS this yet, maybe he will finally reject domestic terrorism when someone tells him
Other than the president
Hahah.
Hahahaha the GOP's expulsion of racist policies is one step removed from what happened today.
Really? What about your comment on ISLAM, Muslim Brotherhood, N Korea,  MS-13, ANTIFA, SOROS, Linda Sarsour, REAL TERRORISTS, etc? SHAME!
You all enabled this shitshow
Sure. The old "cut nose off to spite face" gambit.
You should read the comments on Breitbart. These white supremacists probably agree with most of that site and it's comments.
Hate in all forms will predictably lead to division & violence. This includes politically affiliated hatred from both the Right & Left
Bingo
This is your base.
Agent Orange unleashed these assholes and the GOP did nothing to counter his statements. And he's yet to call them out by name.
They are not bigots. They are #WhiteSupremacists. Say it.
I'm glad to hear this, and I hope the Right's rejection of this will be palpable within the party, starting with POTUS.
How about #UniteAmerica? That's the problem with politics these days—always pitting us against them.
Nice fantasy. POTUS equated Nazis w/counter protestors. Daily Stormer was happy w/his statement & David Duke said Trump inspired the march
Thank you. Criticize Trump while you're at. This not a time to score political points.
Is @POTUS no longer part of "the right"? He certainly hasn't unambiguously condemned them.
Except the POTUS. His condemnation was at "many sides." #complicit
Nazis, blm, antifa - many sides. Sounds about right.
So are you saying Rs are going to condemn & denounce trump, anything less is tolerating it. Rs have a moment to take a courageous stand.
Uh no. You brought this on us. The fish stinks from the head down #Impeach
And yet @realDonaldTrump didn't condemn anything as his vagueness twords white supremacist nazis was on full display #Charlottesville
No, these are conservatives, this is a large part of the Republican Party. It's appalling to watch, & the Republicans have encouraged it.
No, these lunatics are not a large part of the Republican Party and definitely NOT conservatives. They're fringe kooks who must be stopped.
Good try 
It's unite the right. It's your base. It's Reagan in Phil, MS & W at Bob Jones. Attacks on other is cons stock in trade for decades.
How would we respond to that  @guypbenson?  If MLK Statue was taken down, we would hit the streets and riot just like these people are.
Like I said on my post, you cannot Heal if you keep pulling the scabs off of old wounds. What if you took down statue of MLK?
You cannot just blame the Bigots Guy.  When you take down Statues of people heritage for no reason, they are going to fight back.
you mad bro?
Except for the vocal and loud "alt right" who is eating it up.
I wish that were true.
You realize "unite the right" IS the Republican Party now right?
Just like Communist Antifa is the left -
you have these groups everywhere, I view all these types of groups the same, I would like a unite America group void of identity politics
Fringe?
No Trump win, no gorsuch without these losers. These guys are all on you. The right owns this
Yes, they did.
Amen. Yet the left embraces their vile pathetic fringe.
Bunch of losers who live in their parents basements! Condemn them and then ignore them...they're just looking for attention.
Too bad we did not see the same unified condemnation of violent antifa protests.
I'm guessing there's a lot you don't see, Mary
Lee freed his inherited slaves years before CW started called slavery an abomination of mankind. Nationalist or NOT Supermacist
Good one, @guypbenson.
Glad you are all on the same page now. Looks like you've got some housecleaning to get to.
I concur
Did you say this about other hate groups such as BLM and Antifa? I hope so.
Did they? Sadly, some important voices have yet to speak, and the silence is quite audible.
None of this would have occurred if they were just permitted their 1st Amendment right to free speech.
Actually what you are witnessing are National Socialist liberals fighting Globalist Communists liberals Not a  Conservative in sight.
You really shouldn't speak about McAuliffe in such harsh terms.
Waah!
ever think the antifa crew bashing in peoples heads with padlocks might have raised some hackles?-I have never been in a barroom brawl alone
Did you ever think both groups are responsible for their own choices? Both should be condemned without whataboutism as a defense.
If they're fringe, then how did Trump become the *GOP nominee*?
A couple hundred morons gather & the MSM act as if they’re important. These people are idiots. MSM giving them airtime is sick.
