We'll believe THAT when we see it.
if he's as good at that as he was at repealing obamacare you'll be disappointed then
From someone on the proverbial chopping block, your streak is showing by hiding behind the loser leader.
I assume you will be working behind doors without any Dems being invited in. You all act like most of country doesn't exist. Shameful
You had better be saving your strength for the unemployment line your insipid blot on the heart of America.
That would mean, I hope, be the taxes of ordinary Americans, NOT the very wealthy, right? Don't need to give more to so-called job creators.
Must be honored to work with such a patriotic American as @SenateMajLdr How's his Optic neuritis doing? I hope as good as @potus's bone spur
BTW my uncle was with Mitch at Fort Knox. He said he whined little a baby and went straight into the discharge barracks with no training.
Our taxes are already too low, driving a crumbling infrastructure, riding income inequality, and suppressed economic mobility.
Riding = rising. Damnit.
You and McConnell are traitors! How much $$ did you get to betray your constituents on healthcare?? You're both going down!
Well, no HC R&R so I dig tax reform won't happen either! Total FAIL!!
And just what do you plan to do about our failing healthcare system?
Is this you?
You'll search far and wide to find it. Nevada isn't happy with you either.
#Traitors u r! Pathetic! #ResignNow
I was a victim of o'care at $773 per mo. and $6500 deductible in 2015, went broke!
Why did you vote against choice and "freedom amendments?"
You want to lower the taxes for the 1%.  Obamacare can be fixed, you should be ashamed to support cutting healthcare for 25 million citizens
Which democrat is running against Heller?
Jackie Rosen is who the Dems are backing. She's good
Remember when we cut taxes  and financed 2 wars last time the GOP had the keys 2 the bus? How did that work for us?
It's time for you and McConnell to both go you have failed the American people and we're going to vote you out
What is you opinion on the marches in Virginia? Care to stand up and denounce racism? Or is your silence to be taken as approval?
You are a stooge and a sellout.
Better circle the wagons Dean .@DannyTarkanian
Will any of us live long enough?
All Americans? Or just the rich? What breaks will be given for those making $50k and under that are struggling?
I saw photos of you with white supremacists!
Recognizing need for "team effort", there is very critical 'need' to stop posturing & work toward positives-no more excuses
You, Mitch and @realDonaldTrump are a small selection of clowns running around DC. Go take a class with @StevenKBannon on how to suck more.
I don't see ANY leadership from McConnel NONE!
Except to obstruct
You mean tax cuts for the rich?  How about tax cuts for the middle class and tax increases for the billionaires? Would that work for you?
We American Citizen won't be holding our breathe on that happening! Do Nothing RINOS!
When are you jerks going to get 2 work and pass the "people's" legislation. You are "all talk & no action." Dolts!
Reduce whose taxes? The rich so the middle class can make up the difference.
Hahahaha
Oppose any tax cuts to billionaires- and large corporations. Trickle down economics has never worked. Reduce the wealth gap
Better hurry- Mueller is coming - Bigly!

Wow! Isn't it embarrassing that the GOP had turned into just a mutual sucking-up party? Do you guys ever do the work you were elected to?
Looking forward to not voting for u. You're no John McCain for sure.
What's your price this time?
HaHaHaHaHa. U don't want to get anything done. HaHaHaHaHa. U guys r Rinos, HaHaHaHaHa. Ur going to get primaried. HaHaHaHaHa.
You are so busted.
You jerks are only worried about cutting your benefactors taxes and to hell with the rest of us.
#TaxReform17 you can do this!
Don't forget to circle back and #Repeal!! Remember your constituents have diff wants & needs than we have over here. #ConventionofStates
What a bunch of crap!
All voters in GOP r closely watching u establishment Senators. GET THE JOB DONE OR GET OUT. U've been there 30yrs for crying out loud!
You forgot to insert the word wealthy between reduce and Americans
#ImWithTrump
Is that bipartisan or a solo act. Again. Since the latter has worked so well....
@jaketapper @SenateMajLdr you should be standing up to the man in the White House county first.
Give us the tax cuts you're planning on giving the rich & corporations then make them live with what you were going to give us. Fair?
How about you pass legislation to protect Mueller, AUMF & oversight of this admin?
Clinton won your state...that is all...
The 'President's" taxes?
Repeal ACA completely
Clueless to the bitter end.
Reducing which Americans' taxes? The wealthy?
Maybe y'all can work to get rid of the madmen trying to kill millions, which will include Americans
(Political) Dead man tweeting.
Reducing taxes for the top 1% doesn't help the rest of us. I think my reduction is about $45.00
I think you meant to say corporate taxes.
I look forward to Americans keeping their healthcare. Shame!
And be an obstructionist voice in 2020 under the new Dem President, just as he was in 2008-2016.
Taxes are the price of a civilized society. I WANT smooth roads, safe bridges, clean air/water, parks, protected work spaces. Learn from KS!
Dirty Dean Heller how about you serve your constituents and not the agenda of the wealthy minority?
Will you also reduce how money the Trump org makes off of the American taxpayer? Asking for a friend.
Please don't forget millionaires and billionaires aren't the only people considered American.
You mean @freedomcaucus taxes. KOCH taxes. Walton and DeVos taxes. Mnuchin taxes. Trump taxes. We see you.
Rich Americans.
Sorry he misspoke..again.. He meant Super Rich Americans Taxes.
You took $1,000,000 from McConnell PAC for 371,000 people losing coverage. You sold your soul for $2.70 per person. Enjoy private life.
So now "Leadership" is what we're calling undermining the founding fathers?
We look forward to both of you being voted out. Enjoy your million since your healthcare is paid by constituents you screwed over
We need to raise taxes on the wealthy
You are SO going to lose.
Hell (er) NO!!!
This is what you're thinking about? Your taxes?
w/hard work by qualified opponents, you won't have the opportunity to screw Nevadans worse than you already have!
@DeanHeller Stuck between a rock and hard place now, huh. Wish you would have stood up for this country and not played both sides.
McConnell,U& @SenateGOP failed We The People. Uall campaigned onRepeal ACA, had 7 yrs to expedite during Jan 2017. @GOPChairwoman repl RINOs
Is that what 1M$ buys?
I look forward to the GOP working to remove that nut job in the white house. As it stands you are complicit in treason.
You are just a good boy, aren't you? Yes you are!
He's a poor leader that refuses bipartisan cooperation. The @SenateGop needs fresh leadership - under the age of 50. #TomorrowIsToday
Your own taxes.
I look forward to seeing you "spend more time with your family".
Ah, so you drank the kool-aid too huh??
you won't reduce taxes for anyone make less than a million a year.  you and your peers are corrupt
Which Americans, Dirty Dean Heller? The top 1%?
Which Americans?
Quit your job.
Dean, you're done, go on home now, hug your wife and kids. They need you.
He's looking forward to reducing his own taxes, not Americans'
Your words mean less than nothing
Wow, 48 likes. You are KILLING it.
"I look forward to @SenateMajLdr’s leadership as we work to reduce WEALTHY Americans’ taxes."

Fixed that for you
Leadership such as obstructing Obama's infrastructure program and Unconstitutionally stealing SCOTUS seat from the "black guy?"
GOP leadership, salivating in their hopes for a big tax cut for their wealthy donors, continues to look the other way while 45 threatens war
Nice shot across the bow. A+
You are a short timer! Don't let the door hit you in the ass
@jaketapper @SenateMajLdr Too bad the POTUS isn't on the team. You guys let him get elected. Sorry it didn't work out for you.
So you mean as you work to raise the deficit?
We need to save the poor, oppressed billionaires.
You mean the WEALTHY's taxes, right?  Shame on you.
Dirty Dean will say anything to anyone to try to save his sorry flip-flopping ass
You spelled millionaires wrong
DC pedos
Don't cut taxes in time of war.
I look forward to when neither of you are in office anymore. And you can take your little trump with you!! #NV  #Sad
Poor turtle can't right himself
LOOK at all your TRAITORS to @realDonaldTrump   You support McConnell?  You're all full of crap! YOU side more with DEMS than real Repubs!
McConnell cannot save your job
 Only the voters can....
We don't need your praises for Off McConnel. We need you to your job. America voted for President Trump's agenda.
The same majority leader that overlord Trump says should step down?  Which one do you bow down to and when?  It must get so confusing.
You don't have the votes!
Why lead THE PEOPLE on?
I look forward to your replacement.
#donezo
CC: @DannyTarkanian
What leadership? McConnell is a failure. Senate GOP needs a new leadership team, with none of the old leadership on it.
Mainly I don't want Cornyn in charge of anything. He's a slimy ass crack.
You should wakeup and demand action, wussy @GOP @gopspinelessdeepstate
Too late Heller. We know you're in self preservation mode. To hell with the country. Don't talk. Be a GOP team player.
You guys can keep my $42 and give people health care. You just want to give your rich donors a tax cut
Just like you worked to reduce America's and Nevadans healthcare?
Stop ass kissing Dean it's not the Nevada way.  We're singularly strong and cowtow to no one.  Play your cards right Dean and you'll go far
And I look forward to not having you jack Nevada around with your lies and selling out!
Heller, you are history. Bye!
Just like you repealed and replaced Obamacare? #MAGA
Senator Pinocchio strikes again, not only is your nose growing but you're talking out of both sides of your mouth again, what a hypocrite.
McConnell and Heller, what a team. Voters won't have a chance in Hell.
Let me be perfectly clear. NO TAX BREAKS FOR CORPORATIONS or TAX CUTS FOR WEALTHY AMERICANS. HEALTHCARE FOR ALL. #NoDeanIn18 @RosenforNevada
Funny, we all look forward to your impending forced retirement for selling out your constituents. Weird....
I look forward to your next job.
Don't do it and expect a different result to the other disastrous tax cut orgies.   Progressive taxation works.  Do that.
So this is what is looks like when a grown man [read as: lap-boy] presses his lips FIRMLY against a turtle's ass.
He's sure chapping them hard!
You're the worst Dean. You're a pariah in your own state because you've throw us under the bus so many times.
Start with spending cuts.
#1 YOUR salary
#2 YOUR health benefits
#3 ZERO paid staff (ok, someone to answer your phone)
#TrueLeadership
#bullshit
Have you noticed the national debt? Tax cuts for the rich will not help us get out of this. Are you republicans really that stupid?
US national debt as a percentage of GDP and industrial revolutions,  l'histoire se répète  http://www.valuewalk.com/2017/06/industrial-revolution-magnum-opus-humanity-at-crossroads/?all=1 …  … …
@bloodless_coup Ever see that movie, "Heller in Pink Tights?" A non sequitur, to be sure... 
ha ha you are bought and paid for
Bend that knee.
So that's what 7 figures buy. #SellOut
So is that your usual brave direct way of saying that @realDonaldTrump is out of his fucking mind for attacking Mitch?
At least until you are voted out in the next election.
It's a growing country with underfunded infrastructure. Be a man and face the facts. Cutting taxes is the opiate of the people.
Just say his name you coward
Oops! You're going to have to grovel before Trump again!

Or, maybe you're really eager to slash Nevada's coffers?
I look forward to @SenateMajLdr’s leadership as we work to reduce Americans’ taxes.
Bye you are done liar and traitor to US
I look forward to forgetting who you are.

Translation: HUGE TAX BREAKS FOR THE SUPER WEALTHY OFF THE BACKS OF MIDDLE CLASS!  Don't try it Heller - we are watching you!
What leadership if you are relying on McConnell then your not the one for nevada thing about it
Yes. The huge income and wealth inequalities should be remedied by cutting taxes for your elite donors.
Sucking Koch.
You mean cut taxes for billionaires and stick it to the middle class
Wait, there is still a middle class?
Nice. Well played.
Could you maybe get this done so we see some progress on our agenda? Don't make us sit home during mid-terms. Keep the momentum rolling.
Kiss A$$
You failed on Health Care!!!!!!!! Get back and finish it!!!!!!!
