By "acting like a Flake," I assume you mean "lining up to take healthcare away from your constituents." Nothing Flakier than that.
Unless you haven't been able to afford insurance since ACA. Which is where I'm at. $2400 a month for me and my husband #repeal
I'm sorry to hear that. Honestly, you're one of the very few actual horror stories I have heard. May I ask, prior to the ACA, what costs?
Whites took away from blacks enlaved them . THE WHITE HOUSE WAS BUILT BY BLACKS what the hell are u complaining about.  Read get educated
Is losing healthcare funny to you all??!! You do not belong in our government. Resign.
I lost mine with ACA. It's only good for the poor and rich. $2400 a month for me and my husband not affordable #repeal
Insurance and Big Oharma pd out, bills passed  for insurance & pharma we pay highest $$ in world thanks to democrat congress and career Reps
An angiogram is. Privatizing hospitals drove up insurance and high drug prices. Seriously go troll uninformed republicans I am too smart
Medicaid expansion drove up rates. The more people that get it free raises rates for the pro who pay.
People not pro
You are a self interested traitor to the people of this country.  You will lose your seat. Yes you will.
We know who you are. Your time has come. You're done. You're losing your seat. Hope retirement brings you lots of time to self-reflect.
Hopefully next election Congress will have one LESS Flake! (BTW thanks for teeing that one up!) Go @kelliwardaz !!
I'm disappointed that you seem to find Healthcare such an "amusing" subject. Quit worrying that GOP won't give $ to yr next campaign.
Can't wait til you lose your job !!!!

Schumer doubles down on his earlier calls for a bipartisan health care plan 
 
You're going down Jeff...sorry...
Is it respectful to craft a healthcare bill with input from only 13 Senators then try to strongarm other Senators? Your respect bar is low.

This health care bill isn't simply unconscionable and unjust. It's unconstitutional.

We won't stand for it. 
Do what is right for AZ voters. Fix #ACA #RepairACA #NoBCRA #SaveMedicaid or it will be #FlakeOutAZ2018
#RepealAndReplaceObamacare


Simple explanation–since the 2015 vote, their constituents have experienced Obamacare and LIKE IT–can't repeal now, not have a replacement! https://twitter.com/sabrinasiddiqui/status/887376902608080900 …
#RepealReplace I don't "like it" in any way or form.  Premium/ ded skyrocketed govt tells did how to treat and O lied lost my doctor HATE OC

Joe Manchin's message to GOP senators: "Let’s get together" on health care
https://bloom.bg/2tbPSaW  
Many Americans watched the antics on senate floor. Elephants don't forget
McConnell is doing a terrible job at leading right now. Just repeal the damn ACA already or we WILL vote you ALL out of office!
@SenateMajLdr shows respect to you useless Senators but not to the American people or president. You and he both need to find other work.
White hat this is well said and I second it !
When are you going to stop towing the party line, and start representing your constituents?  You are angering every voter on all sides.
No principled Republicans left in @GOP Congress who will put Country & Americans before Party? #TaxCuts4Rich is NOT Healthcare. Fix ACA!
#RepealReplace
Still standing on your head?
All you folks have list my respect! Shameless, lazy obstructionist!
Is it respectful to keep allowing people to die under the oppressive ACA rules?People are dying &you joke about respect for failing Senators
Respect for McConnell? He's a do nothing RINO who can't get anything done. Only interested in Marxist ideology.
U r a RINO Sen. Flake & we the TRUE GOP  will primary u next year. The clock is ticking sir. Soon to be Jeff Flake & NOT Senator
When will you announce that you join the "respected" party of traitors that you are fully and disrespectfully belong to already?
Your days of #LYING and #HYPOCRISY are over CheeseDick.
Stretch the face
I will do all I can to see you out of office! You stab every conservative in this nation, in the back! We won't forget!
Isn't it about time for another circle jerk?
Only a few of you "public servants" (translated corrupt snakes) deserve ANY TYPE OF RESPECT. 

PERIOD

Hint: it's  something you must EARN!
You're a self centered tool @JeffFlake, who will do anything to be liked.  Tick tock until ur voted out. #Trump 

As a life long GOP voter I am committed to draining the insidious corrupt swamp to which you're part of!
@SenMajLdr @SenateMajLdr deserves NO respect
You are awful. Hope you are voted out. We don't need obstructionists.
You are aptly named.
You are done Sir!  Find employment elsewhere
Flake only listens to Schumer and himself.  He doesn't listen to the ppl any more. Diss the President then you're gone. KELLIE WARD IN 18.
•
#FlakeOff
Ew. Please, Flake.
We've all had to witness your craven posture daily.
Your shame gene: broken.
UniParty Lap Dog Flake.
Keep lying to AZ. 
The same guy who can't speak the truth?
This man has no CLUE about the danger of Islam, and does not respect the president.  Flake is a flake, and is NOT good for America.
Senate is a big  FAIL!!!!
Mitch McConnell is a corrupt patsy for a mad President who wants to take health care away from millions of Americans. No respect.
I strongly disagree. No credit earned. It's like respect. And that hasn't been earned either. If it were, things would be getting done.
Perhaps if he were less underhanded, sneaky, and an all-around sycophant for #45, people would respect him more?
Agreed, accusing real patriotic senators like @RandPaul of being an agent of Putin was so respectful
Too bad he didn't respect the Constitution enough to hold hearings on the SCOTUS nominee of Barack Obama, a 2x elected President.
Too bad he doesn't show as much respect for the will of the people.
Exactly!! The American people hate the GOP plan, poll after poll shows the same thing. Why aren't you listening to us????
he doesn't deserve any credit for working against the president whom we voted for.We do not forget
Since when did putting a budget based on 15yr projections override the health/well being of people? No conscience I suppose.
Hmmmm....so what you're saying is that Flake and Snake (McConnell) are alike? :(
What about his lack of respect for the American people this bill he is pushing will effect?
Was he respectful to President Obama, calling unbelievable names and Unconstitutionally denying him a SCOTUS seat?

Under BCRA, to maintain current #Medicaid program, #Arizona would have to make up $11.8B fed fund loss btw 2020-29 http://kaiserf.am/2vkF0sK  
@SenateMajLdr is a disgrace! His actions have been appalling, dishonest, unpatriotic and unAmerican. 2018! Bye!
Many feel disrespected by McConnell that he consistently acts in divisively partisan ways. He has done so much to damage Cong cooperation.
So you take a stand for @SenateMajLdr, but not your constituents? Where was your stand when he disrespected @SenWarren?
.@SenateMajLdr also doesn't get enough credit for destroying the Senate and effective representative democracy.
Shouldn't he show respect to people who disagree with him?  Or is the standard assumption that GOP members are jerks, and get + credit o/w?
He doesn't respect his constituents or rest of American citizens. That is far more important. He admits he's all about power for himself.
He needs to resign after Health Care debacle
He may show you respect but evidently doesn't have any clout.
Why not skip lunch. 
#NoRepeal
#NoTrumpcare
#2018
He treats the rest of America with contempt. Disgusting person. How about the respect he showed Merrick Garland? That'll never be forgot.
You guys are really bad people. How can you look in the mirror?
He is a dirty crooked joke and deserves zero credit. You all are lining up behind a traitor to ruin our country.
@SenateMajLdr shows no leadership skills.  He can obstruct and delay, not govern and legislate.  Hope @SenateGOP replaces w someone who can!
He deserves no respect for trying to undermine my child's Medicaid resources :(
Respects male Sens perhaps. Sen McConnell denegrates women in words as he did to @SenWarren & puts 0 women on HC comm.
Now if he could just treat the American people with respect. Isn't that what's really important? His constituents need their Obamacare.
If this healthcare bill goes through I won't protest with signs, I'll be donating to the person running against you. #Fountain Hills
You voted to take away my insurance?  Why?
Mr. Flake, Republicans have said they would repeal ObamaCare since it passed. It's been 7 years. Do your job! @RepealObamaCare
Maybe he should show respect for the people, Put country over his career, Put country over party and honor the oath he took. So should you.
That's another lie.
McConnell is a proven, obstructionist disgrace to America.
I don't really care if McConnell respects you & your colleagues. His level of callous disregard for the American people is the problem. #GOP
I'll give him credit for not being a patriot like the rest of the Republicans House and Senate. Try putting country before party.
Lmao what relatable content, dandruff, great stuff Senator
We love you, Senator Flake!
Yeah but on the other hand you don't mention how he demeans women he's always talking about women bleeding how ugly women are
Your comedic efforts are sad a snarky joke, while w e r suffering, kissing behind of  McConnell cudos for failing. U make no sense.
Did you vote for Trump?
How his showing some respect for Senate Dems?  Or, for that matter, for his country?
Putting your constituents before your party is not flaky, it's what representatives are supposed to do.
If this is your idea of leadership, then your standards are very low.
Respect is nice, but that ain't getting g the job done. He is to much of a cronie
Brown-noser.  Stick up for country party like you swore to do.  Dear leader shut down Trump-Russia info from public during campaign.
The Senate Majority Leader is what is wrong with America. He never wanted to reach across the aisle, only cared about destroying Obama.
IMO, It's time to seriously consider phasing in -- long term -- a single-payer healthcare system #Medicare for all #SinglePayer #Healthcare
Absolutely agree!
Mitch McConnell would happily seen 45000 Americans die each year because they lost their health insurance to give wealth tax cut.
All of you greedy psychopaths can go straight to hades!

Wow. When do we get to elect you out of office?
Don't think we won't remember you trying to take healthcare from 22 million next year. #replaceflake
So you're bending over for the bully.
Trump to spend $10 million on defeating Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake in the 2018 Senate primary http://www.cnn.com/2017/07/17/politics/trump-jeff-flake-arizona-primary/index.html …
And the GOP Senate snubs their nose at the People that Elected @realDonaldTrump gave senate/congress majority. #FullRepeal get fed gvt out
@JeffFlake You're literally from a town called Snowflake. Ah, the irony.
Turkey neck doesn't vote in AZ, your constituents do. It'd be nice if you cared half as much about our concerns. Can't wait to vote you out.
Ahhh, it's this type of out of touch wit that has your approval rating at 37%, lowest in the senate. Start job hunting, creep.
Except when @SenateMajLdr lies to conservatives and tries to get them primaries on top of it.
@SenMajLdr does not deserve respect. He hasn't earned it, and if it sat like a crown on @potus head, he wouldn't recognize it.
Americans need Healthcare. No ACA Repeal. No #TaxCuts4Rich. No Sabotaging Mkt. .@GOP Congress work w Dems, FIX ACA now! All Lives Matter.
.@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan refused 2 ACT when presented w #TrumpRussia conspiracy in Election. You ok w that too? @GOP Congress colluding.
Repeal as PROMISED!!!!
sadly some of the GOP shows no respect for the people  #Healthcare sad
McConnell and respect don't belong in the same sentence.
I know you're just trying to get a dork joke out there Flake, but these r serious times that call for respect to us regular folks. Show some
Hey Senator when he starts showing respect to the Democrats, then we'll talk

Oh, Jeff, Jeff. Do you not realize 2018 is just around the corner Your arrogance and disregard for your voters might come back to bite you!
Are you seriously kissing ass in writing, in public? You're that afraid of the primary? I'm embarrassed for you.
Where is the respect for the American people? 
We don't want him to repeal #ACA, he needs to start listening to the American people.
Well AZ, I think you have your answer on where Flake stands.
Your paid to show respect to (and serve) Americans - the people you work for - not a political party.
Whoopty Doo!
The American people want respect from all of you who've brought us to the brink of #CivilWar w/enslavement taxes & invasion 
Come on, Senator. Vote for common sense legislation. Improving ObamaCare is much better than repealing it.
@JeffFlake  Repealing #ACA is not okay.We need you to work w/ dems to  improve Obamacare.Repealing it w/out a replacement is irresponsible.
What insurance do you have? Everything is better than #ACAisntworking


Hahahahaha taking people's health care away is such fertile ground for jokes. You really have your finger on the pulse of the people #mormon
But you always act like a flake. This message tells me what you vote would have been....
Shutting you and majority of GOP senators - and all Dems - out of the initial drafting of bill is respect to you? Huh...
We don't see credit. When he speaks to the public, he tears down the holdouts for not endorsing his plan! Some respect!
You mean "lack of respect " right? Take your GOP goggles off and perk up your ears to the people you represent
Well, this is disappointing to read. It's a shame he doesn't show any respect for the American people.
Dont worry Jeff you wanted to hurt AZ with voting for the healthcarevbill we will take care of you at election time thats the truth
In the House you would grandstand against pork while asking agencies for $. Of course you respect a man who cynically abuses his power!
He is a jerk and a liar why would you praise him
What respect has he shown the @SenateGOP? He's basically outing all of you to your constituents for what will be a fruitless exercise.
I really want to root for you given that AZ's likely options will be Ward or DeWitt, but you make it soooo hard. You & Rubio are cornballs.
He doesn't show respect to the rest of us!
I am truly disappointed with you! Taking away Healthcare from those who need it,and siding with the rich. Disgrace!
So, Senator, clearly u will only vote along party lines. AZ residents premiums went up well over 200%!! Do u know who u work for? ARIZONA!!!
Go sit down Flake!
He doesn't deserve respect. HE has been the ultimate obstructionist and the reason nothing is getting done. We in AZ expect more from you!
Hope you mean you were against this version that will kill your constituents.  Let's fix what we have or follow the rest of civilized world.
Probably because he should respect each member of the Senate not just his own party.
C'mon, are you just dialing it in until 45 primaries you? Have you simply resigned your fate to being on the next Celebrity Survivor cast?
You have my sympathies Senator. Rock, hard place.
Shame on you, Sen Flake, for not opposing the cruel healthcare bill. Arizona should vote you out of office.
Unfortunately the same can't be said of the President. You have my sympathy and prayers
This tweet encapsulates your pattern of putting politics before your constituents in Arizona.
What would you call preventing Obama from warning the country about Russia's attack on our election last summer?
what because he wants to take away our insurance you guys do not know how to govern and can not figure out what color to paint bathroom
Just a hint, he'd do better if he respected everyone not just GOP. Compromise it the key to success.
Are you out of your mind? He is a complete a-hole who has lost now for a third time on healthcare. Makes him a LOOOOOOSSSSEERRRRR AS WELL
Did the turtle just steal your phone at lunch? Maybe you should both learn to respect your constituents.
Repeal ACA.
I'm sorry, this is what you choose to take a stand on? Perhaps staff should take away your cell phone...
Don't worry about him. The devil will give him plenty of credit eventually.
Wish he'd show a bit of respect for the American people and democracy.
So you won't come out and say it's wrong to take health care from veterans and seniors ... but you have enough time to say this??? 
JUST SEND HIM A FRUIT  BASKET
He's an ineffective leader who only knows how to obstruct, not lead. I'm doing the happy dance right now.
we are done with your games. Repeal is more than cruel, it is arrogant. You get great care, why not everyone else?
He should respect the public and ask why his approval rating and that of congress is in the teens! At best.
He should respect @SenWarren and not shut her up. After all she persisted.
Nothing funny about the disrpect McConnell showed. President Obama Merrick Garland .and the America people over heath care for his greed
DO SOMETHING!
@SenateMajLdr doesn't show respect for American LIVES. Essential Health Benefits are pro-life. All lives matter not just the 1%.
He should respect Democrats and at least be willing to talk to them and not lock them out of hearing on 1/6 of the economy.
How is healthcare funny? We have the most expensive, least effective healthcare of developed countries. Take PROFIT OUT of HEALTHCARE.
And the 48 members who are not @SenateGOP? All due respect, this is the hyperpartisan thinking that is killing this country.
#FlakeNews [betcha never heard *that* one before]
He should respect those who are so fearful of losing healthcare and stop respecting only his wife's and his ties to the healthcare industry!
Doesn't show repect to Senate Dems. Elizabeth Warren is due an apology for his disrespect. Neither of you respect the poor, sick, disabled.
He should respect James Comey and get his job back. And Sally Yates. They were right!
He should have respected Merrick Garland. He should have respected President Obama & not DAY ONE make it his goal to stymie.
Sorry, that doesn't cut it.  Leadership gets something done.  So far the GOP have not kept the two promises made to Americans.  That counts!
Very kind
@JeffFlake doesn't get enough credit for the finding literally the only thing he could praise @SenateMajLdr for: GOP partisanship
You are a hypocrite of the highest caliber. Willing to cut healthcare while hiding from your constituents. No backbone.
Whatever. Please, all, pull yourselves together, reach across the aisle, fix Ocare.
I call a lo of what he does, parliamentary bullying.
I don't really care how much the leader respects you & his GOP peers. I do care about how much you/GOP & Dems care about your constituents.
Jeff. You're better than this.
No, he's not.
Sigh. You're right of course.
