You mean like changing the rule of not holding hearings on Dem Pres nominees?
You have become the swamp. You are a party shill.
@BenWinslow may hatch please retire
party before people shouldn't be rewarded ever. Im thankful that you are retiring.
Sad day for democracy. This has nothing to do with "rewarding Democrats". It has to do with doing what's right for America #timetocleanhouse
your lies and vote are a stain on the senate and #gorsuch is a stain on the #SCOTUS
How many times did the GOP filibuster Obamas nominees?
Dems say far left Justices are mainstream expect GOP to dutifully support which GOP did.  Trump gets no such treatment. #GorsuchConfirmed
It's EXACTLY what your party wanted to do. GLEEFUL to do it. Whoever runs again you in 2018, I will donate to their campaign. Gladly.
You have no integrity, sir.
Grandpa, Republicans are just as guilty why don't you quit the BS and find a candidate both can agree like forefathers intended
Right on!
in 2013 Hatch said that he had “strong reservations about authorizing the use of force against Syria.” Under #trump it's gung ho!
You lying hack. You did not give Garland a vote, you stole his seat. then you break senate rules to push through your illegitimate nominee
No one believes you
You did a great job on your speech before roll call. It was short, to the point and said it all.
You have betrayed your constituents and the Constitution all in one fell swoop, @senorrinhatch . We Utahns will not forget this.
Democrats HATRED for our POTUS is an embarrassment & making our country look weak
Why Hatch didn't vote for MLK Day: He felt that MLK was a great leader but to elevate Dr. King above any other historical figures was wrong.
Can never really trust those who decide it's time to change the rules. You learn this when you're 5 playing any form of game.
Force the confirmation of Gorsuch on a rules change and your only accomplishment will be to delegitimize the SCOTUS. #MerrickGarland
You should know about "bad faith". How's that #Herbalife scam coming along?
What you did will taint #gorsuch on the bench and OUR #senate for the future.  Shame on you!
That's rich. Project a little, why don't you? Stiff-arm #MerrickGarland and blame it on Dems. Nice work. (I ain't buyin' it.)
That's ripe. #MerrickGarland
Some day the partisanship will come back to bite both parties and people like you will be remembered for your inability to work together
Like last year? Way to kick Democracy to the street. You suck old man.
you just made the biggest mistake of your career. Congratulations
Good luck with that. 6 to 8 years of republican majority. At most.
You're an a$$hat.  You're using the duck dynasty plan. Get her done. No matter what. Please just do your job.... correctly.
Hypocrite
#stolenSCOTUS   We will not forget
But you'll reward yourselves for the bad faith you showed to Merrick Garland? Do you know how hypocritical this sounds?
You both are whining like spoiled brats. Need a spank and time out in your respective corners.
WE SHALL NOT EVER TRUST THE @SenateGOP EVER AGAIN. NEVER EVER.
YOU LOST THE POPULAR VOTE BOTH BEFORE AND AFTER SCALIA DIED YET STILL WEASELED YOUR CORRUPT NOMINEE IN AT THE EXPENSE OF OUR DEMOCRACY.
AND YOU WILL LOSE YOUR SEAT FOR THIS DISGRACEFUL ACT AGAINST THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.  YOU PLACED YOUR PARTY AHEAD OF OUR COUNTRY.  THE END.
You're obviously senile.
Your hilarious!
You are lying, Senator.  The Republican Party is the one that has been engaging in partisan obstruction.  You know that.  Stop lying.
Typical Utah Mormon hypocrisy, courtesy of Hatch for more than forty years.
Really? Where have YOU been? Where was YOUR good faith for Merrick Garland. GOP= liars & crooks. You'll ruin our country again.
Change the rules.  Isn't that what Germany did during the 1930s.
The only thing you'll be remembered for is your permanent damage to Leg & Jud branch during the most inept Exec in history.
Ridiculous and hypocritical statement ...own the fact that the GOP is choosing party over good of country.
What? GOP filibustered Obama more than 760 times during his tenure. Sit the hell down.
.  Whatever helps you sleep at night.
Hatch has no shame.
You hypocrite.This was OBAMA's nomination that you took.Trump lost by 3 million & is under FBI investigation. I will give $$ to ur opponent

Corpses shouldn't be allowed to make important decisions.
Omggggg you're just as big of a baby as our president now. JFC
Such a hypocrite.
Sir, you just broke the record on irony
Stop #senHatchet in 2018!
You are such a hypocrite @senorrinhatch
Typical hyper-partisan bullshit, we should not reward your 40 years of bad governance with another term. #callhimhome #termlimits
MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND  MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND stolen seat
Instead you will screw democracy to get what you want instead of looking for a better candidate
Oh please. This is just rigid excuse with no back up. Do the right thing, delay vote. We've waited this long. Bipartisan move.
Pull the trigger. Us lefties see how much it will be benefit us when we take over soon.
...how well do you sleep at night?
C'mon man. This is disingenuous at best, and you know it.
Thanks for going Nuclear I need a supreme court that protects the values I fought for as A Navy Veteran. We can't let liberals take over.
It's a seat stolen from the Democratic Party. The people won't be fooled.
You're piece of , like the rest of GOP that blocked #MerrickGarland Do you suffer dementia like @SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan et al
No. You will play partisanship and you will go down in history as a villain. Constituent in 84106
Retire!!! You have a short memory!
You mean, like not holding hearings for a clearly qualified nominee?

Oh wait, that was you.
sorry, stopped listening to you long ago...you see entire world thru Republican lens. Life is more than Dems vs Repubs
Just admit the GOP is selling out the American people for party unity, greed, and to advance their harmful agenda, per usual. Stop lying.
true, it was unconscionable what Dems did to Garland, playing politics for a year  denying the appointment. Wait, that was you #unamerican
You are not serious.  I suggest you step back and re-evaluate.  You've become a political stooge.
One word: Garland. One question, though you won't answer: Why do you hate America and her people so much?
Are you listening to yourself?  What a hypocrite.
Sir! How quickly we forget. How quickly we invent. What happened last year? Can't remember. This is no way to respond. Epic fail, Sir.
@nytimes @SenMajLeader You believe Grumpy Old Party is GOD old man Orrin. Hardly and WE THE PEOPLE WILL PROVE U R NOT. Called ELECTIONS!
How much farther can your contempt for democracy go?
Bullshit, sir. Worse still: you KNOW you sling BS. 
After the Obama years, GOP has zero license to whine abt obstruction.
Sonia Sotomayor is NOT bad faith.
When you stop nomination on Clinton Fed Jug appointments or Garland last year. Look in the mirror & see everything that is wrong in politics
No, just your choice when you want to strongarm American democracy. Take away the voice of opposition now. Deal w/it when they vote you out.
Sen. Hatch moving hypocrisy into the quantum level. #StolenSeat
why do you need to lie to justify your actions ? just say you did for your party without the stupid lies
How do you not choke on the shite that comes out of your mouth? #Garland never even got a hearing.
@SenatorReid #thanksHarry
Change the rules back and start putting more conservative judges that actually follow the law unlike liberal judges/justices
You're deplorable.
Sir, hypocrisy, cowardice and lies do not look good on you.
That is a complete disregard for the law.
This will bite y'all in the ass. But you got to screw over women and get back at Obama, right? "Family values" is a lie & so are you.
No the GOP denied a great moderate candidate because their panties were in a wad. Which is ridiculous.
Oh you mean like BLOCKING EVERYTHING PRESIDENT OBAMA TRIED? YOU MEAN LIKE GARLAND?  You OLD HYPOCRITE
you are such a liar 
Your tweets do nothing but further convince me you have reached the epitome of hypocrisy.
#LAUGHABLE! Your entire strategy for 8 yrs was to deny every opportunity for compromise. #RememberMerrickGarland ?
RT @senorrinhatch: https://twitter.com/senorrinhatch/statuses/850004019133243392 … Sir, respectfully, get over the #BORK nomination. Have you been lying in wait lo these many years
Changing the rules is not anyones's first choice, but Republicans will not reward Democrats for 30 years of bad faith on confirmations. 
You will be know as the man that destroyed the US Senate. #hypocrite No one has ever not let a Pres. nominee have a hearing before, but you!
the American people didn't have the same option to change the rules and go with majority vote during the presidential election
By choosing the #NuclearOption your legacy will show you had a hand in killing democracy & the mayhem that will ensue in this country.
Bad faith?!  You have truly lost your mind, senator. For shame.

A certain hymn comes to mind, "Do what is right let the consequence follow. Battle for freedom in spirit & might." Dems are singing louder.
are you mentally ill?  I guess you haven't heard of Merrick Garland or all the lower court nominees blocked by the GOP.
This is the dude who won a senate seat by saying that his opponent has been a senator for 18 yrs & that's too long. That was in 1976.
Do not put a #PutinPick on the Court! Do not reward Putin!
Careful throwing stones when you live in a glass house.
Orrin loves when his staff blocks people on Facebook. They did the same to me for a ? on term limits. #orrinhatesfreespeech #callhimhome
The GOP not giving a vote to Judge Garland put a blood stain on the Constitution that can never be removed.
Why don't you just get a valid choice? Isn't this what the Reps did for the last yr of the previous administration? #doyourjob #termlimits
Jesus, and Joseph Smith, hate a liar, Orrin.
I'm sorry...how many times have republicans filibustered in the past 8 years? You horrendous hypocrites!!
Stop the hypocrisy, Senator. Your party used filibusters many, many times to block Obama appointments, and Dems didn't change the rules.
Don't be disingenuous.
You set the precedent last year for refusing to have a hearing for SCOTUS in the last year of a presidency. SAME THING NOW. #UTconstituent
.Utter hypocrisy. Since 2009, GOP used filibuster again & again 2 block Obama nominees. You denied hearing for Merrick Garland.#gaslighting
R-used over 70 times in the past four years, which is half the amount of times the filibuster has been used in nation's entire history. NPR
After absolutely refusing to even have a HEARING for Merrick Garland, now the GOP don't want a nominee to be blocked? Hypocrite!!
Don't reward RUSSIA for meddling in our election.  You want to confirm a judge nominated by a president under investigation for treason!!!
Remember when the D-News posted your op-ed about meeting w/Garland and not wanting to confirm him. Before you were scheduled 2 meet? I do.
Who got a hearing? Not Merrick Garland. #gaslighting
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
STOP
LYING!!
Changing the rules shouldn't even be a choice.
God bless you Senator Hatch God bless President Trump VP Pence God bless the USA and God bless all
Transparent power grab thinly covered by blaming someone else. #NoGorsuch. Going down in history as a trump lackey.
Does this guy have dementia?
I support you Senator Hatch  the liberal Democrats want to have their way and want to continue to destroy our country
and this is coming from a Senator and party that didn't even grant any consideration confirmation hearings for Obama's nomination
until you are in minority. 2/3 was to defend nation against tyrannical gov.  So we know where we're headed.  Further down socialist path thx
We won't forget your hypocrisy, Orrin.  #MerrickGarland

2018 won't forget. Remember the president is under investigation. This is tainted by that.
You should have done your job a year ago. Gorsuch is a stolen seat and you know it.
And they will not reward you for stealing a SCOTUS seat. See how that works? Why don’t you jackasses work something out?
#GarlandNotGorsuch
GARLAND! MERRICK GARLAND! OLD MAN, LISTEN CLOSELY. MERRICK GARLAND. #utpol
Please stop #gaslighting us. Please.
Just continue doing what you're doing without inventing an alt reality. Just tell the truth. It's so much healthier for you and us. Please.
.@senorrinhatch Two words: Merrick Garland!
Walking on shaky ground there Orrin
Hey Senator.  What about the bad faith Rs offered up last year by not even giving Garland Hearing 
Man you really now how to turn the hypocrite know up to 10.
11
Merrick Garland? was that good faith? What're you on?!
But we will reward ourselves for one year of really bad faith.
