Anything but the healthcare nightmare Hatch created, literally created.
Republicans have the presidency, the Senate and the House.  Why the need for dishonesty?
You are now complicit in all that Trump does. It IS a big deal and I am amazed by what cowards GOP turned out to be in selling out democracy
We will look at your donors & see why it is that none of this seems to bother you. By the way, GOP controls House and Senate. It's on you.
You gave this country to Russia you old fool. Pathetic, lying liars destroying USA. Good work Chief!
Way to reach across the aisle, Hatch. GOP owns all 3 houses & you blame Dems? I don't think Dems are your problem right now.
What you call Obstruction is really the lack of policy from *45 & the lack of nominations of credible people for positions.  RETIRE #RESIST
Funny. Yes someone really needs to give Hatch an ear full on this. Your the perfect guy for thasts.
Your Pres hasn't nominated anyone for most positions.  I guess his incompetence is Democrats fault too?
Stop blaming Demos because Republicans can't govern. You don't need Demos if Republicans were united.
Since you are "working" through August maybe you can find time to research why you staffers have infringed on my #1stAmendment rights on FB.
Obstruction you say? A certain name comes to mind... who was it... oh yeah: Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland
get this through head: working and protecting the American people, as the dems are doing, is not "obstruction". you should try it
Get out here! You've done more to compromise progress. We need better leadership. You are old and full of ridiculous ideas.
@senorrinhatch call for greater decorum in senate lasted .... wait for it .... ONE WEEK!  Back to the blame game w Old Orrin. #utpol
Sure hope his lucky staffer who tallies these things tells him - uhhhh, not a single tweet in support sir. they all know u r liar & hypocrit
What nominees? Put it out there.
Ole Hatch is upset that Dems have the audacity to care about Americans. Hatch wants to destroy America while serving Russia
How quickly your tune changes after 8 years of unprecedented obstructionism. Six months in and you've suddenly got religion! WE REMEMBER.
Senator, you can't stop until ACA is repealed and replaced. Work hard, don't let other GOP senators go until it's done! Work!
Lol ok
Puppet governors of Russian vassal states shouldn't be naming people to fill important positions.  Fix the traitor problem.
UR A FN Traitor.
Don't you guys have the majority? Pathetic.
Your praise of Trump's treason is dishonorable. Assuming you know you said it.
Sir, please retire. 4 decades in DC is far too many years there.
Sycophant. Traitors
Merrick Garland.  Do you know u r lying or becuz u have done it so long u don't even know anymore?  The arrogance & hypocrisy is staggering.
Hatch doesn't blast shit, you desperate criminals. You're all trying to defend a traitor, which makes you traitors too. Hatch = TRAITOR @GOP
Obstruction? Really?
"I don't think this is relevant to the Trump administration" - Sen. Hatch on Trump Jr.'s emails. Are you kidding.  This is disgusting.
This is a lie. Of the 100 Senators, number of Democrats Trump needs to get them confirmed: 0
Karma is a butch Orrin. Here's to the past 7 years for your GOP cooperation.
When will unpatriotic Republicans like you grow some balls and protect our democracy?
You can either 1. defend AMERICA, or 2. defend TRUMP, Senator. Can't do both. What's it going to be? #CountryOverParty #Integrity
We don't want your crappy #TrumpCare, Hatch. Y'ALL ARE NOT LISTENING TO US. Government belongs to WE, the PEOPLE --not DJT & GOP.
Why do you make excuses for trump? Does he have something on you? Irrelevant? NO! Everything RELEVANT w/ trump! Stand up for ur lds values!
Tweeting about obstruction.  One word: Garland #hypocritehatch #timetoretire #GOPobstruction

It might help if Trump actually nominated those with experience instead of a bunch of rich guys padding their own pockets.
Hatch is obstructing justice by trying to dismiss the Russian/DJT jr email scandal. Not everyone has sold their soul the way the Senator has
OBSTRUCTION??
Stop protecting Trump and defecating on your legacy. Think of your family and the deeply indelible shame you're burdening them with forever.
You defended treason today and have the nerve to attack anyone else?
Said the leader of all obstructionists.
Resign, Senator. Quit trying to pretend that your own party does not act the same way.
I hope he has a staffer next to him to remind him why he is there.
Another diversion from the corrupt White House and the fact the Trump Team colluded with Russians duing the 2016 election.
Obstruction?
You guys taught the class in it.
Do you think it's a good idea to advance nominees of Trump's?Don't you think it's a bad idea after the mob may well have sold out to Russia?
I hope Utah can see what a fool we've been keeping you in the senate. You're worthless !
Do you all stand around, drink kool-aid and then tweet? This sounds suspiciously like your dear leader's hyperbole. Losing respect
Obstruction? Serious? @senorrinhatch? You & @gop and @SenateGOP literally control everything yet can't do a dam thing. U R an embarrassment.
What about the emails, senator? WHAT ABOUT THR EMAILS?!?? #goplies
No, no, no!! Why don't you understand this administration is compromised?! All nominees, ALL LEGISLATION must end#RussianCollusion #TREASON
But his emails?????
#TrumpRussia
It's only called 'obstuction' when it's against your interests. Republicans call it patriotism when you do it 
#silence on treason. Dereliction of duty.
So you don't think Don Jr's emails are relevant to the Trump administration? Really??? #crimefamily
Obstruction like below?  
http://www.npr.org/2016/09/06/492857860/173-days-and-counting-gop-unlikely-to-end-blockade-on-garland-nomination-soon …
Great, the Intel Committee needs to work non-stop to get the traitors out of the White House! #ImpeachTrump
Dear Orrin Hack, your traitorous @gop leader HASN'T NOMINATED PEOPLE FOR HUNDREDS OF POSITIONS. Even Republicans say so. Stop lying to us.
We have a conservative deck in which Hatch has a card, check it out: http://ThePartisanNews.com 
The people don't trust or want Trumpcare. Listen to the people.
Since we know you @realDonaldTrump isn't decent, fine, young, smart, or honorable, you MUST be full of saying there's no Russian collusion!
You are evil and corrupt just like your buddy ! You need to go!!!!
WH and Congress in GOP control!!
Quit blaming!
Trump must nominate most of these appointments first!
What obstruction! Old ass fool
When are you going to blast collusion with foreign adversaries?
#RussiaGate is going to be the end of the GOP, the Regressive Party (R)
Nice cover for incompetent Congress and white house
Merrick Garland.
