in years past failing to pay taxes for your nanny meant you were scrubbed.  Classless.
Garland
His cabinet picks are an insult to America.  It's like a person with an evil sense of humor is playing a joke on us. Wake up Republicans.
He already has given Government Sachs the keys to taxpayer dollars- screw you
of you want it just like you have Obama. Well you asked for it...
I hope the Senate takes their vetting seriously, and aren't just yes men to Trump. #youworkforUS
you are asking for Senate to vote yes in unprepared, right Alt white supremacy to live ON? NO sr
Are the Senate Dems waiting for North Korea to attack before approving the DIr Natl Intelligence
Re:
Oahu, Hawaii, Dec 7, 1941. Will history repeat in 2017?
Dems have only proven to be so immature; continue to throw child like tantrums. Embarrassing for us all!
@SenateRPC @SenateDems @POTUS @SenJohnThune Do something about those lunatics in the White House first - Trump and Bannon
national security is being compromised as congress stands by.  Cowards and filth in government
Both parties of Congress should start preparing the 25th Amendment procedures for the inevitable
OK As long as we get to block your Supreme Court nominee like you did to Obama
Obama had qualified ppl.  Not just ppl that gave him campaign $$ and says nice things.
Democrats are so petty,we need everyone confirmed
I can barely contain the laughter...Dems are petty, paybacks are a bitch!!!
Including Betsy Devos who bought her position with donations to the Republican Party?
She bought herself this position! unqualified!
Can you vote to impeach our Dictator President? #DictatorTrump
Folks are paying attention like never B4. Country B4 party. Majority is not on board. Sinking
Maybe if Trumps picks were better, it would go faster
Smith New Jersey Betsy DeVos Is a bad decision. Please vote against her.
Repubs did not treat Pres Obama with any respect from day 1.
As long as we slam the door on ANY pick for SCOTUS just like the Repubs did for Judge Garland.
it's said to watch you all govern for special interests versus for the people.
u obstructed Obama at every turn. karma!
get qualified people with out conflicts of interest #EmolumentsClause #TaxReturns
The Dems DID IT for O.  Why can't you do it for DJT?  PLEASE get his Cabinet confirmed NOW!!!
not likely, not after what you people did to him!  Dems would be crazy to play nice now! #resist
Just like you allowed a vote for the court? Hypocrisy!
if they did as the GOP nothing would clear.
I'd hope that too, once we get noms even remotely as qualified as Obama's.
Don't hope, he needs his cabinet now, be like Potus let's get to work!

You're kidding, right? Please explain again why we are still short a Supreme Court Justice.
Merrick Garland says "hi."
no they should obstruct everything this President wants just like the Republicans did to Obama
@SenOrrinHatch @SenateDems @POTUS @SenJohnThune What you did to Merrick Garland was despicable. DeVos is unqualified. #disgusted
@SenOrrinHatch @SenateDems @POTUS @SenJohnThune For 8 years, Republicans did nothing but obstruct President Obama.
@SenOrrinHatch @SenateDems @POTUS @SenJohnThune I hope Senate Republicans can see corruption and lack of qualifications and act.
Dems are used to sitting on their asses. If you can't get your work done on time, you're fired.
I think they should follow your supreme court example instead. #DumpDevos
how fast was GOP on Loretta Lynch and SCOTUS
And I hope Senate Dems support SCOTUS nomination just like the Senate Repubs did under Obama.
NO
I hope the senate & house Dems realize the damage they've done to their political careers.
Rep & Ind candidates take note of Dem obstructionists & boycotters in their next election!

but then Dems can block SC judge just like you did Obama, right?
You don't deserve their help! There's only 1 GOP that still has some morals.
The rest of you will all be out in 2018 and we'll get that orange thing impeached! 
praying that Gods peace blows like a strong wind across this unsettled USA and strife is no more
I think this should not be tolerated by the Democrats that want to drag their feet.
I hope you tell Trump that he's a liar. Liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar #resist
Obama had his nominees vetted and ready. Trump doesn't. No vote for unvented nominees
you did no such thing. You all blocked him on every thing he tried to do. No vetting no vote
Trump nominees not in the interest of American people! Patriots resist Big Oil & Big $ agenda!
Is @POTUS planning on naming El Chapo head of the DEA? #repealandreplace @HouseGOP @SenateGOP Resist!
Would that be the same GOP that wouldn't allow Obama his Supreme Court Justice?
The Democrats had filled out their paperwork and had background checks.
IF there were good candidates to vote for, I would agree with you. Notice the "IF"!
That would be decent of them. But they seem to enjoy revenge, envy and attack instead.
Grand Old Hypocrite party. It's time all you GOP start working for the US not against
I hope the democrats delay them forever Most are unqualified and inadequate for their nomination
What a joke you are. The Republicans never worked with President Obama.
These people are making me exhausted.
I am sick and tired of the dims delay tactics.  They are disgraceful.
then spent 8 years blocking everything else.
Remember Merrick Garland?
You have a lot of nerve to say this. GOP stonewalled every good think Obama tried to accomplish
I don't see any of the requirements demanded of the nominees fulfilled for these nominees!!!
really did I miss the  Merrick hearings??? You all are hypocritics & the American people see it
When are Bill and Hill going to be arrested / convicted for Capital Crimes and Treason?
And I hope the candidates get their paperwork done and background chis done, u hypocritical sob
I seem to recall a Supreme Court nominee of Obama's...
there was not the massive conflict of interest then as their is now.
oh I hope that now AMERICA. KNOWS WHO THE TRUE FAR RIGHTWING,NUTJOB,WHITE SUPREMACIST TRULY ARE
dear God please drop @BetsyDeVos. You can't allow that lvl of ignorance to be in charge of our kids futures!
Vote no for Mulkenvey,Tillerson and DeVos
just like they didn't for supreme court justices you mean? GOP has spent 8 years setting prcdnt
Just like you did with Merrick Garland? Hopefully @DNC does everything available to stop Trump!
Democrats will vote 4 best cabinet picks, just as they did 4 Obama.Not the worst with hypocrites
how can you say this? Nominees are unqualified and/or corrupt!!!
Just as the Republicans did with Merrick Garland for Supreme Court you mean?
it wont be that easy they are not interested in being fair, they are Progressives NOT for USA.
why do we still need 60 votes? The Dems trashed that rule. 51 votes is majority. Confirm these people and get our country going!!
I hope the Dems keep those thugs and crooks out!! Stop lining your own pockets GOP!!
Really? Where were the hearings and vote of #SCOTUSnominee? Get over yourselves.
Your hypocrisy is showing. You stalled QUALIFIED people. Dems are asking Qs of UNQUALIFIED people
Well treat Trumps picks just like you treated Merrick Garland.
I remember your obstruction. Hope Dems use every trick to block these unqualified appointees.
due diligence is essential
How's Merrick Garland's vote going Senator Thune?
Have them turn in the paper work, that would be a start. @SenateDems @POTUS @SenJohnThune
Since you are draining the swamp and filling it with the sewer, we need to scrutinize the crap.
there are some nominees who bear more scrutiny. Don't be in such a hurry.
What about Obamas SCOTUS pick? Did you vote on that? Hypocrisy.
Elections have consequences, the country goes on so you need to confirm all now and quit games
they are setting up for what happens to them down the road
divisive language.  Putting us against each other instead of conciliatory.  Partisan politics
Ya hold that thought it would be nice if you could just go to doc for a shot that got rid of HUAS
this is so disingenuous.   Double standard for all the blocking your party did over 8 years.
like his Supreme Court nominee right?
Dems would move forward if Trump's nominees were as qualified as Obama's! Noms are inept! Say no
Obama put forth qualified people. Trump nominees r unqualified & rife with conflicts of interest
isn't this a bit like the pot calling the kettle black? Did you forget the past 8 years!
GOP obstructed Obama 8 years. American people have the right to know who is representing them!!
Did you have all the paperwork
 Where isvtrumps taxes.
You're a rubber stamp, only reason @POTUS44 nominees went thru so quick because were qualified
Obama didn't try to appoint extremists to cabinet!!! Obama didn't f#*k with 1st amendment!!!
.@SenateGOP @SenateDems @POTUS @SenJohnThune His people were actually qualified!  Unlike Pay to Play Devos.
Take names and don't forget. Payback's are hell !!
#AlternateFacts meet #AlternateReality.  How about highlighting mental illness now WH affected?
Just like how you guys voted for Merrick Garland! -We'll get right on that ; )
You hope? Kick some butts like Harry did yours!
yeah but Obama had some good choices!
Some choices are pretty sketchy needing more time for in depth questioning. I watched closely.
equating Obama's cabinet to Trump's is bogus and you all know it, conservative or not
YES & THANKS FOR FILLING SUPREME COURT VACANCY & ALL YOUR OBSTRUCTION TO PRES OBAMA-GOP SCUM!
.@POTUS @SenJohnThune It's not tit for tat. Obama's picks were qualified, Trump's aren't.
Right, we'll do it EXACTLY like the Republicans did.  Exactly! #NayVotesComingYourWay
Trump has put forth nominees tha either have conflicts of interest or like Devois not qualified.
Oh. Remind me again about the Supreme Court nomination? What happened there?
Or, like they did with his SCOTUS nominee? Yes, @SenateGOP has a great history of cooperating with #POTUS44 and confirming his nominees.
: Kind of like the way the Republicans were so courteous about that Supreme Court Justice thing?
please confirm Carson and Chau tonight!
, Carson might be brilliant doc but knows nothing about housing! Why choose him?
I hope they vote the will of America as @POTUS as shown he will not do the will of the people
