Immigration reform.. including a workable path forward for the #Dreamer population.. https://www.hatch.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/releases?ID=F38D67A3-202A-43D6-8A55-825414374BE0 … #DACA #utpol
Remind me, how long have you been a Senator, Senator?  WTF have you been waiting for?
Just thank him! He's been consistently doing the right thing against all bad Trump edicts for months now. He's stepping up, and we need him!
Educate me.  I don't remember him voting no on the ridiculous ACA repeal, for example.
He stood up to the trans ban, he stood up for the sanctions, stood up for State Dept funding. He's old school on insurance, but he's good.
Please read the link I sent.  He is not good.  Made a few "good" statements recently, but far outweighed by years of nastiness.
I've not always agreed with Senator Hatch. But our democracy & intl order are under threat, and he's a strong ally. It's all hands on deck.
We can only hope, but his track record is terrible.  My original point was he could have done something about DACA long ago. Didn't.
My point is he is doing something now. We should support that.
#MondayMotivation #Trump #MAGA

Hey Congress, how about first focusing on issues hurting Americans? Lower taxes, end Obamacare, before DACA
Thank you Senator Hatch
DACA is unconstitutional.  Honor your oath.

Thank you Senator for your kindness and please include legal immigrants, country cap effecting H4 kids age out issue, please support S281
You guys couldn't even repeal Obamacare after every single Republican campaigned on it. No confidence you guys can pass gas at this point.
Lol hooah
Please follow through on this. #DACA is good for education, good for our workforce, and good for the state - and you know it!!
Thank you.
Build the wall to prevent future illegal immigration. Our laws must be enforced or we don't have a country. No welfare for Dreamers.
Are you a co-sponsor of the BRIDGE Act, Senate bill 3542? Congress must act. #DACA
Appreciate your leadership on this. Decades of backlogs for high skilled immigrants which is not fair. Let's aim for removing GC backlogs.
How about REPEALING OBAMACARE, TAX CUTS & INFRASTRUCTURE! Tired of all you LYING RINOS! DACA NEEDS TO END secure the border & build the wall
How long have you been a Senator?
Please do. This has been ridiculous for way too long.
Mostly listen to the ppl. We know what we want and it's not trump or Pence or Ryan or maybe u! Listen to ur bosses
Who knows how far this Mueller investigation will go. U may have to step up in a big way and not just say nice things but follow through.
Why do you support illegals over citizens and legal immigrants?
Well I hope u mean what u say!Cause things ain't been working to well.Also,ur third in line to succession.Dont say things to placate,mean it
Why don't you pass meaningful reform that punishes Mexico  for not taking care of its own people?
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH
Please put these children first.  They think of themselves as Americans.
Long overdue. Partisan bickering by the two parties have left the country driftless @UnitersCentrist @CentProj @JohnKasich
Tell @SenToomey
Can we please impeach our lawless president?
Thank you.
You, Sir, are a dreamer, yourself. Your path forward will best serve us all if it is your retirement. Thank you for your service.
"immigration reform" Will only provide sewage scum child sex traffickers/pornographers a facade to hide behind as they continue trafficking
Thank you 46.
Your president is shockingly cruel.  Can't you all do Anything?
Hold up DACA
How are you going to ensure that employers have access to highly-skilled workers?  Details please.
How are you going to do that if *45's jackboots start deporting all the dreamers?  *45 is a clear and present danger to the USA. #IMPEACH45
You're too late, apparently. The racist-in-chief is ready to act now.
How are you going to do that with the trump zombies who will primary anyone who tries - and it's almost an election year?!
Follow through on this. You have said the same thing about access to health care and tax rewrite and ... nothing
ICE is already picking up DREAMER parents and using UT driver licenses/privilege driving cards to find and deport
Sounds like another run at office then maybe? Hopefully this doesn't end up like GOP work on healthcare, utahans will be watching.
Utah is watching. We want Dreamers protected. #DefendDACA #IMPEACH45
"Secure our borders" had better not mean a wall boondoggle; tying it to the fate of Dreamers would be the utmost in cynicism and cruelty.
You have six months
tick, tick, tick...
no you won't. Way too many R in Congress refuses to do "reform" until the wall's built. Its a dodge, but that's what they say.
Sen Hatch's DACA legislation better be meaningful considering he co-authored the original!

He is setting up the groundwork for his upcoming administration.
So DACA wasn't working?? 45 has no reason to do this! Fast shut down of 45's rhetoric...balance of power on all your work from now on
SenHatch,U r a traitor2the American people.U protect cheap4n labor H1B thatis destroygAm wrkrs&families.U sh b investigatd by spcl counsel.
Funny assertion, since Republicans have voted down their DREAM Act every time it has been put up for a vote (since 2001).
Not w/ trump at the helm..
The only way to stop Illegal Immigration is to put their employers in jail! Put an end to economic slavery.
I think this President has already made his decision. Too little, too late. Unfortunate for many. It's a lose/lose. Sick of winning yet?
you must vote against the wall
No "I" in #Congress.
Raise act. Build the Wall
Please do something!
Thank you!
Will trump end using H1B immigrants to work at the trump hotels?Will he start hiring citizens? When will his idiot voters realize he's a CON
What abt the DACA kids! They did more than most "naturals". We gave r word! SHAME
Why haven't you been doing this since you were elected. Shortly after the Stone age?
You don't have a choice now.
Good. Should have been done years ago.

Do whats right for the dreamers .Be the man Ted Kennedy always said you were
Ok sir. F@@k that. Save daca. Ted Kennedy omly has u now. Save daca.
Senator Hatch, is this your response to @POTUS' end to #DACA just now?
would like to see @SenateGOP grow a set of balls and start defending conservative policies instead of Obama's policies! #VoteThemOut
