The Republican health care bill preserves access to care for Americans with pre-existing conditions.
#BetterCare http://republican.senate.gov/bettercare  
Not really the full picture.  You are sunsetting EHBs in 12/19 (after next election), which means policies can not cover certain drugs, etc.
Add reinstatements of lifetime caps, medicare cuts, etc.  This is not a "win" for Utah.  It is for the 1%, but not your constituency.
After 42 years in Washington, you may have lost touch with who your actual constituents are and what their concerns are.

One of the few wins in bill. Obamacare ruined health insurance, fix it already. You control cable bills, do that with HC costs! #Enough
...but not for most Utahns.

This is simply a wealth transfer from the poorest to the richest.
pretty dark to call being dead a win
We are not winning with a man who would make fun of a disabled person as president.
Everyone knows you're a shameful liar. 
This is not a win! States can fill out a waiver for pre-existing conditions. #Multiplesclerosis #3generations
It's not accessible if it's completely unaffordable. Framing this as a "win" for Utahns is ridiculous.
Your kidding right? It's a win for Utah millionaires which seem to be the only people you care about. You disgust me.
Yes, as much as practicable get government out of health care!
It's only a win for #Utah when it's a loss for you. Same goes for rest of America. 
#HealthcareBill
Not a major win. Win for the rich and you. Not for Utah.
You tell him! #listenup
If true,  this is good.  What about lifetime caps and affordable options for people 50+ ?
They say it preserves pre-existing coverage, but put limits on pay outs so the coverage will run out very quickly.
But it won't be affordable.  The possibility of lifetime limits?! We will go through that in a matter of years. We can't afford the #AHCA.
You do realize that protected access to care for preexisting conditions was introduced by Obamacare, right? So it's not all bad, right?
Holy cow the replies. People presenting no substance on their opposition.
Only the wealthy will win and the rest of us will pay for it. They don't need the tax breaks. Not all In Utah are in to too 1%!
Wow. You are in your own little bubble, aren't you. Don't believe him. Read the analysis of the bill for the truth..
And that "access" is going to cost how much?
Bullshit... this is a win for you and the rest of your rich pals. I hope Utah wises up to your lies before its too late!
Sunshine is the best http://disinfectant.You  MUST allow proper oversight & analysis of this awful bill Not right to shove it through so fast
This will cost them every $they have to pay the deductible. #firehatch
Liar. The AHCA is a thinly veiled tax break for the rich at the expense of the poor. Resign in shame, your legacy is lost.
More embarrassment for Utah
you're either lying to yourself, unaware of what this bill is, or lying to us
Time to retire, Senator.
This is NOT good for Utah. This is a win for you and your rich friends who will get tax cuts at the expense of children & old people.
A true "major win" for Utah, would be Hatch out of office, and an end to these dishonest tweets from his staff.
"While simultaneously making it impossible to afford the care they are offered" is the part you forgot to say, you disingenuous hack
Prove it. Do your job and ensure this bill gets a full hearing in the Senate Committee on Finance.
Pre-existing conditions are already protected UNDER THE CURRENT LAW. All you can do is take it away.
You forgot adjective good for all WEALTHY. Not good for hospitals, people with serious conditions, poor, etc.
How so?
NOT TRUE! My son stands to lose both his waiver AND his private insurance.  The medically fragile #sn population in Utah stands to lose MUCH
Is this a troll account?
It seems unanimous Senator. Your re-election will reflect your stand on this issue. Let someone else take your place.
The only winners here are the very people who are wealthy enough to not need the help. Shame on you!
This tiny part of the bill- sure. But where is coverage for mental health care? Watch all these people in Utah suffering from addiction die.
I see it as a major loss for America. Complete and utter repeal of Obamacare! Senate bill is nothing more than a poor attempt to fix it.
And you are still blocking constituents on Facebook. I guess a win for you and your staff is a loss for the 1st Amendment. #CallHimHome
You weaken the country. It's why the Russians worked so hard to put a Republican in the oval office. They win
"Access to" is not the same thing as actual coverage. I prefer to wait and see how insurance companies interpret. @SenMikeLee @NRSC
For wealthy people, like yourself, getting a tax cut it is. For the rest of the USA it will mean death. Basically, you will kill people.
You should go take a lie detector on the @TheMAURYShow and see what it determines about that....
Only in your heinous perspective is further concentration of wealth at the cost of basic human dignity a "major win."
By what definition?  For who?  Every sensible assessment of the bill I've read indicates it's a colossal failure to improve healthcare
How is a plan that ensures hundreds of Moab residents won't be able to afford adequate health insurance a win for Utah?
But this cannot work without an individual mandate, which the GOP bill removes.
This is BS.   It preserves nothing and makes everything unaffordable for all but gives the rich a big tax cut
I don't think they believe you.
Also, the staffer I spoke to not five minutes ago kind of misrepresented your stand if this link is true.
.
Do Mormons believe in hell?
By "Utah" you mean rich people and by "major" you mean craven #Disgraceful #dishonorable #AHCA
This is not a win. You and your fellow senators forget the need to represent the masses, not the extremists. Republican death panel.
In your own words tell me how this is a win?
I seriously think think he has old age dementia.
Its not health care its billions of dollars tax cut 110 billion to health CEOs 1 million jobs lost you call that a major win
What about the restrictions on Medicaid? How do you see that impacting our opioid crisis?

This is a major win, if you're like me and masturbate to the thought of children dying from untreated cancer.
BE QUIET, your false equivalency called a "Health Care Bill" isn't going down the pallets we who can see it is a tax bill for the rich. FFT
FAIL
You are calling something a win because you chose NOT to take something away? It was a win for the country when it was enacted in the ACA.
No, sir, it is not.  It is not a major win for anyone.  It is a major loss for millions of Americans. #VoteNoAHCA #Highway2Heller
