Funny from someone who is an embarrassment every single day.. 
confirm Merrick Garland
The whole Democratic party is an embarrassment to all to all of us.
Good job - keep up the tweet offensive against schummer, durbin, etc-@POTUS @MikePenceVP @SecElaineChao TX1
SAD. Merrick. No to @GorsuchFacts. Bad or sick guy
A fine example set by Mitch for the past year
We will not forget what YOU & Republicans did to #MerrickGarland.
Republican leadership is dirty.
Pfft. How can you be such a hypocrite? It's astonishing.
mcconell you are the embarrassment. Saw your town hall. Deer in headlights look on your face
GARLAND, no more has to be said.
@congressdotgov @chuckschumer The guys is ! He can't remember what he did to Judge Garland.
you both embarrass the senate
remember #MerrickGarland
You are both two-faced and should not be in office #scotus
@SenateGOP embarrassed America with #GOPobstruction of @POTUS44 and Merrick Garland. #TermLimits
@senorrinhatchMcConell has no right to critisize dems when he didn't let Garland get a hearing!
Don't talk about hypocrisy. GOP treated Garland with disrespect-no hearing.Gorsuch gets the same treatment
Trump may not have a year left so he can't appoint SCOTUS. Remember you said it yourself about Garland & Obama.
This divisiveness must stop! All of you are acting like this is a competitive sport, not a government.
yes he is! Use nuclear option Dems bunch of jerks
Republicans embarrass the senate by stealing this seat. Bad karma for you.
Clowns - remember #MerrickGarland ?
And GOP decisions are so unscrupulous, they read like an dystopian novel
That ship sailed when you refused to even have a hearing on Garland!
remember: the GOP said the first black POTUS doesn't get to nominate a judge in his last year
Oh?  So what does that mean after almost a YEAR of the @GOP obstructing Merrick Garland?
BTW...You and Orin are both old men who've been there too long. Go away old men.
What should embarrass the Senate is House's blocking a #IndependentCommission to investugate #russiagate
Right this minute I'm responding to some yuuuge embarrassments. See if you can guess who they are Mitch!
You should be embarrassed for stealing this seat and for how you treated Merrick Garland
time to get him confirmed.
NOPE. You embarrass theUSA. You didn't even give Garland a vote. 
You don't recall a guy named Garland?
your ONLY strategy for 8 yrs. was obstruction; Judge Garland, a proven centrist was met with GOP racism; shame!
No. There are too many questions on his impartiality. SCOTUS should not be a political tool for the GOP's unAmerican Agenda.
hahahahaha
Mr. McConnell, you are the embarrassment.  Obstruction is your game. You're a hypocrite.
Ha,ha.Of course WSJ says that but 0 mention of this being a stolen seat.Senate shud be embarrassed over MG
.@SenateMajLdr @senorrinhatch as did #garland hearings not being held by you all
$17M in dark money. #Gorsuch beholden to secret big bosses, not the US Constitution. #filibuster #russia
you're embarrassing MERRICK GARLAND
.@SenateMajLdr @senorrinhatch Pointing out shortcomings & bad decisions = the process. Dems aren't handing him a SCOTUS seat all willy nilly
YOU embarrass the Senate, The WH, All of Congress, and of course -THE ENTIRE F'ING COUNTRY. #ResignMitch
#JudgeGorsuch is unacceptable to anyone who believes in the Bill of Rights
-wing.
Why does GOP jump every time Dems say frog? Don't need Dems to confirm thanks to Reed! GOP equals cowards!
Merrick Garlands Blocking was a true embarrassment.
Well, Mitch, you're saying something so I can only assume it's 100% .
What the Senate did with #MerrickGarland was embarrassing as are YOU as leader!  #hypocrisy @JoeNBC @Acostah
Washington in general is embarrassing to this country these days. Stop acting like only 1 party is the prob.
@TheDemocrats following the new "rule"established by @SenateMajLdr with @MerrickGarland! @DNC @SenSchumer @senorrinhatch
we the people demand term limits!!!
Your support delegitimizes him. Why do you hate America and her people so much?
You embarrass us all...
his treatment of the Dems draws concerns.
You both are an embarrassment to America. You held up Merrick Garland's chance to steal the seat. Unethical !
You did this. #MerrickGarland
You embarrass America, Mitch. Do you think people are dumb enough to forget *your* obstruction?
@senorrinhatchYou are complicit w/RU agenda. You need to go.
No Mitch. YOU embarrass the Senate with your hypocrisy. #UpperLiplessTurtle
Merrick Brian Garland. Remember screwing him and the American people?
The undemocratic party has only one objective, TAKE BACK THE WHITEHOUSE BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY. Not heroes
blah, blah, blah....
1/2 You embarrass this country. You were pro abortion rights, pro union, supported civil rights...
2/2 ...then after some time and a whole LOT of money, you are the vacuous piece of sh*t we see today. 
I thought the Republicans' questions were an embarrassment to the Senate, including Ted Cruz making goo goo eyes at Gorsuch.
Merrick Garland didn't even get a hearing! Senate should be embarrassed!
Is this the same #Gorsuch chosen by #PresidentBannon who ran the hate site @BreitbartNews?
Merrick Garland you hypocritical tortoise.
.@SenateMajLdr @senorrinhatch You are the Senate embarrassment. We will not forget Merrick Garland. #SCOTUS
Not voting on Garland embarrassed the Senate.
And the republican president embarrasses America. What's worse?
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
Yet your side was obstructionist for 8 years. What, can dish it out but can't take it?
Dude. McTurtle. U obstruct Dems for 8yrs & then whine about getting a taste of your own lettuce. Just stop tweeting.
you are the only embarrassment here. To our nation and congress.
Another old man that needs to go.
imagine that...opposing someone for no reason. You're my senator and I'm embarrassed.
You know what should embarrass the Senate? Your treatment of Garland and your acceptance of Trump. #bebetter
so get it yo floor use parliamentary procedures etc. move on. Harry Reid did why can't you
Gorsuch is the emarassment...to the GOP and this pathetic administration.
you make me sick.
You're not allowed to appoint a judge in your last year of the presidency.
U wouldnt give Garland a hearing! We shouldnt B seating a SCOTUS while the admin is under investigation treason
.@SenateMajLdr @senorrinhatch We know you are trying to ram Gorsuch through before your little boy Trump exits WH in handcuffs.
you guys really don't want to blow up the senate rules...
Merrick Garland much?
Right cause Orin Hatch is as pure as the driven snow. Shove your shill in but for the love of gawd stop selling
Sorry. You never embarrass the body that refused to hold a single hearing on Garland. Hypocrite much?
Lets put it this way, Trump will likely leave the year in jail, so it would be wrong to vote on his pick.
Yeah just like every attack you had on Clinton and Obama,  I am old like you,  you have never changed.
Your obstructionism during the #Obama admin was anti-American. This admin is illegitimate. No to #Gorsuch.
North Carolina for the win!!!
Add this to the formula:  NO MORE  CONSERVATIVE WHITE MEN!
You embarrassed the senate and KY when you circumvented the will of the people and a popularly elected POTUS
Who is spending $17 million to help Putin's puppets install Gorsuch on Supreme Court.
#InvestigateTreason
The guy who refused to hold vote on Garland and then insults dems for taking same approach to Gorsuch knows all about embarassing senate.
and you didn't last year?  GET REAL!
no you blocking Garland was more embarrassing and went on nearly a  year
Merrick Fucking Garland.


