
Trump Blasts Sessions as Top Aide Floats Divorce
@GOP discovering that the guy taking apart the gov't can also rip apart their party. #HoistedByTheirOwnPetard
#Trumpaganda!
you are morally bankrupt
BOLDLY lay blame where it belongs: Obama & Democrats! Obamacare is about controling every aspect of our healthcare choices & life itself!
You just cant stop the anti Obama rhetoric and retribution.  You should have listened to John McCain today.
Uncle Sam ca then decide how to reimburse them.
You should have told KY governor to take the medicaid expansion.  Must be so embarrassing.
Medicaid expansion was adopted early in Ky by a dem governor and worked well until state/federal GOP tried to weaken it. Mitch is a liar.
Only because you're actively sabotaging it, traitor
Thanks Senator Mich for passing the bill . I'm sorry sir  . for the bad things I said to you yesterday please forgive me..
We will accept nothing less than straight #FullRepeal. Do what you all campaigned on & stop exempting yourselves from laws you inflict on us
If you'd had the courage to support the ACA instead of wasting time uselessly fighting it for 8 years, perhaps things would be a lot better.
Single Payer will be just like the VA! Long Waits an Poor Care. Is that what you want for ur sick child? Government run healthcare, NO THNXZ
Mitch, proceed on what? There's no bill. improve the ACA. You're burning down the house w/no where to go. You're evil.
Real health care reform needs to get any third party out of the doctors' office.
Ypu have offered no viable plan. You can not just stop current plan w/ no replacement. That ewuals no coverage. Do your job!!
And expedite the failure?
I wish you would stop tweeting. You are becoming almost as bad as Trump! Ugh
Ur party had 7 years to work to improve the ACA and thereby improve healthcare for all Americans. Instead u undermined. #shamefullegacy.
Pirates
Let the doctors do their job and patients be responsible for the payments
Viejo de mierda!
You're seeing to it that it fails, Mitch. How selfish - creating mils of hardships to make a political point. U r the worst 1 of them all.
Why not work to fix it?
Go get laid! Maybe you will think more clearly. (Please knowcwe support your closet life and you should just come out.)
America says NO to Lying Chuck Schumer and we don't need Medicaid! Our businesses need to prosper and America wants JOBS! REPEAL OBAMACARE
Pls ask yourself  what cutting Medicaid has to do with Obama care.
Hint: Ocare is the excuse to cut MC and give massive TX cuts to the rich

If you starve a child it dies. STOP sabotaging the ACA and fix it for everyone. You have had 8 years and you have nothing. What a waste.
Cutting Medicaid solves what...exactly?
Huge transfer of wealth to millionaires and corporations through unnecessary tax cuts. The little guy gets screwed every time.
You said that bill was a two Headed Muadosa  so if the other head pop's up just pay Reperations!
Just repeal the damn thing. People who on OC can't use it anyway.  Can't afford the expense of deductibles.  They are going without anyway
Obstructionist.
Barely passed just to talk about it! Oh what a great accomplishment ! So proud. Now the whole thing ends. Worthless

Act to improve, not eliminate.  You're pretty twitter happy, scared that the 88% who don't want the ACA gone are going to #Resist?
Shame
You sucj
#evilincarnate #Trumpcare #kills #dieAndDieQuickly #screwlowincomepeople #sosad #soulless #heartless #Shameless #greed #hypocrisy #bs #lies
you are the second hated human on the planet good luck with that....Traitors to The American people.  #ImpeachTrump  #Resistance
DEAR MITCH MCCONNELL,
HOW OLD ARE YOU?
MY GOD RETIRE ALREADY!
HAVEN'T U GROWN RICH ENUF BY DENYING POOR AMERICA OPPORTUNITY?
#RETIREALREADY
You are a failure. Just like our fake president. #biglysadforamerica
And YOU will make sure they do!
If the plan is to give money to insurance companies and take away HC insurance you will be found out to be a liar
ACA was written by a REPUBLICAN, adopted by democrats, and amended by REPUBLICANS!! #SaveMedicaid #SaveACA #SaveOurCare #RepairNotRepeal
I'm sorry you represent my state.
Tell us what your replacement bill involves?
What failures? #Obamacare SAVED my two adult sons who couldn't get insurance before! Tell us all, what failures? #Liar
You should Suffer Just like The 32 Million without Insurance Babies and Children will be in need
You are the Severe One With not one once of Compassion for Any American
32 Million without Insurance
Put the rest of the ACA parts back in place and everything will be fine.  We aren't that stupid. #Buttboy for the wealthy.
you're actively sabotaging the #ACA  Everyone knows it. We won't forget.
 You ensured failure. It's on your hands. #wrongsideofhistory #eugenics
You suck
If you're so concerned with failures, why not vote to repeal yourself. #youareapos.
Repeal, allow states to care for their own& allow insurance companies to cross state lines to make it affordable for working people 
Yea I don't get this one. Ins cos always have a gimmick and this is one of them. If I get sick in vegas I pay more. Can't I go on vacation?
About time. How about growing the rest of your spine.
You sabotaged Obamacare. You said you would, then did.
#TrumpcareKills the young, elderly and bankrupts Baby Boomers!

#Complicit pay2play MItch.  #BoyScoutSpeech sucked!
Once again mccain will not step up to the plate & do the right thing he votes no. Its time to retire
You're such a liar. Motion to proceed with what? Once again you are moving forward without hearings, expert testimony, working w/Dems...
Are you listening to the wise council of @SenJohnMcCain ?  Are you?  Return to normal order. 
#DoYourJob


Resign.

#GOPobstruction 

#GOPsabotage
@KallieTinSC. Get it done already!!
Well get it done already
You are the death panel for Americans
Why not stop the theft by insurance companies ?
Proponent of PREMEDITATED MURDER,
RUSSIAN STOOGE, Disciple of PUTIN & KOCH Brothers, Party over PEOPLE--GREED before PEOPLE & LIAR
We the people that have been paying for this horse crap want you to keep your promise #FullRepealNotBetrayal 
The failure is you if this bill was any good you'd do it the right way
...and give HUGE tax breaks to the rich instead of decent health care to the rest of us: Disgraceful!
You'll be judged on whether #Obamacare  is repealed and replaced. No victory laps for a motion to debate, @GOP does have a majority. Geez.
Kill the bill is being chanted in the senate
That is bull sh-- & you know it. Why don't you listen to healthcare people instead of your rich friends

Nearly half a million veterans stand to lose Medicaid under Senate Trumpcare. A yes vote is a massive betrayal of our nation's troops. /1 
Nobody's buying!
That is a lie. End reconciliation. Return to normal democratic processes. Seek a bipartisan solution.
They are severe because you are choosing to defund it while there are ppl in it and still able to sign up. U R creating the mess!!!
Then do something useful, you vile partisan hack, and fix and FUND ACA.
Add water, stir, repeat. Add water, stir, repeat. Add water, stir, repeat. It must be nice to get paid big $ without doing diddly squat
With GOP help!! SHAMEFUL SABOTAGE, traitor! History will NOT be kind to you!
You can act by funding the ACA and amend those things that need to change.
Stop politicking- you are dealing with people's lives!
If not.. why don' t you step down
It's a death sentence! 11/6/18 the date on which 33 Sen seats, all 435 seats in the House of Reps, and 14 govs will be up for re-election.
WHAT FAILURES? What are they? Why won't you tell us.
Yes and if it fails the #Republicans will be held accountable by both Dems and us
Go lay an egg 
How about undoing the anchors YOU attached to the original Bill?  ACA is failing because of YOU.

You focus on killing Americans is disgusting. You only hate it because you hate that a black man cared for Americans You are the failure
You must have stock in a casket factory   Heartless McConnell and GOP. This will be your legacy. Killing citizens.
More sabotage lies from the old man dinosaur.
Please listen to your constituents, patient orgs, healthcare orgs, insurers: improve ACA, no repeal, no replace. #ProtectOurCare #VoteNoMTP
#FullRepeal socialized HC GARBAGE! Nothing is FREE! Unconstitutional! Repeal TAX MANDATE & Cadillac plans-Want my MD back! #FreeMarket OR
shut down all these phony senate Russian hearings!  Your letting Democrats run the senate! Shut down the Dems Mueller biased investigation!
Failures that can largely be attributed to your party destabilizing the markets by holding back subsidies
Stop sabotaging the ACA. 
Stop lying and don't treat people like they're stupid.
Majority wants ACA.
Work together to fix it. 
#FixACA
"Unless we act." Exactly. You could act to shore it up instead of acting to exacerbate its problems.
It's only failing because y'all are FORCING it to fail.
I'm thankful for #ACA Allows me to help my son w/health insurance while in college. @SenatorLee_cmc vote no today @SenateGOP #SaveACA
ACA is fixable, and the majority of Americans want it fixed, not repealed. Listen to ALL Americans, not just your donors.
It starts with admitting that you're wrong and working with Dems to repair Obamacare. Yes, actual governance, something new for you.
When you find yourself trapped by a mob that lost family because of you. Do no expect mercy
bc u & #Trump have been systematically defunding the ACA so u could push ur shit plan & give tax credits to wealthy
.@ChrisMurphyCT explains how Obamacare isn't dying — Trump is purposefully killing it 
We've been debating for years. Not failing, GOP sabotage!!
Work with the other side. Come up with something good for everyone Shore up the ACA. Do your job. Don't touch Medicare This will be on you.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP if u vote "yes" on healthbill, deaths of children will be ur legacy, not anything you did in the past/ future.
Not to mention, you were also intimidated by a reality tv show host,  bribed by his administration or both.
My hope is that the women who voted against trumpcare continue to hold out, because women are the real caregivers of the world.
ACA IA STILL BETTER THAN YOUR GOP PLAN THAT LEAVES MILLIONS WITHOUT INSURANCE!
You are intentionally sabotaging #Obamacare with defunding mechanisms to make it brake...#Hypocrite
CLEAN REPEAL
You need to stop the us vs them mentality and start governing for the people.
Hell no, Ldr. McConnell. ACA positives continue to grow. Please stop lying. It's not becoming of you. Stand for all Americans.
Just shut up. You and your #billionaire cronies know nothing about how most of us struggle in the real world. You all will pay for this mess
NO!!
Too little effort too late Senator! You are unwilling to stop subsidizing Ins. & pharma! See you at the polls!!!
You've undermined the program at every turn for 7 yrs motivated by your racism. You are not fit to be in the Senate. History will know you.
If they grow more severe it's *because* you acted.  People like you are why, incredibly, Congress has a lower approval rating than Trump.
You are such a liar. This is all about your hatred of Obama and getting a pyrrhic win.
Proceed to do what exactly??? Do you even know?
Pond scum has more morality and is more truthful than you.
I don't usu give advice to @SenateGOP but they better vote NO on MTP—unless they want to follow @realDonaldTrump to their political graves.
Not a fan of your parties "Affordable Death Plan". Try harder and come back when you have a plan that works for the majority.
no! @SenateMajLdr the motion to proceed does not lead us to improve US healthcare - it leads us to 22 M losing coverage. Fix, don't repeal!
Won't happen Mossy Back, Spineless Mitch
Christianity ???
@gop eliminating death panels and going straight to the executioners
VOTE NO!!!!
UnConstitutional Govt. mandating healthcare. Our Politicians are not following our Constitution. Redistributing taxpayer's $ is thievery!
Dick. Stop the sabotage
The #Republican party failures will con't to grow more severe unless we act. That starts today with voting no on motion to proceed. #Resist
The only failure is Gop BetterCare. People like ACA and want to improve it.Sen's don't know what they are voting on.We like ACA-improve it.
McCarren-Ferguson healthcare antitrust exemption must go
Overwhelming how it is more important to get your mug on TV than to help the people who elected these so called public servants.
You're as bad as Donny.
The problem is that your plan is worse.  Get over the politics of the issue, work with Democrats and do what's best for the American people
Vote yes today = vote GOP out
At 6 months in, you and yours own all the failures.  Obama blame has expired.
You will forever be known in history books as MajLdr who murdered 22 million overworked Americans who you stole healthcare from Death panels
Just do the right thing and fix #FIXACA  you're throwing the baby out with the bath water.
When you cant pass this today. You should just #Resign . Because Kentuckys going to #VoteNo on you 2018 You Sir are a menace to this Country
You suck turtle.
Just get it done! 8yrs, 6 mos. to reach a consensus on a better plan! Get it done already!
You should be flogged and deported.
Repeal, do not replace. Govt. robbed social security. Why would anyone want them handling Health Care?  Another slush fund for them to rob!
Trumpcare nightmare will be on ALL REPUBLICANS.  You McConnell want to destroy the American ppl by not working with Dems to fix ACA

Time to step down.
if u cared about what's doing right u would do this in the open& through reg order. 
THIS is shameful
They get worse BECAUSE YOU ACT! You act like evil monsters taking away healthcare from Americans. WTF is wrong with you monsters?
Well, it's either the last nail in your coffin, or the last nail in millions of innocent American lives. For R's, rite to life ends at birth
Voting yes only lines your pockets off millions of sick and elderly Americans.
.@SenateMajLdr Mitch, you better run after your supporters. As it turns out, they also love healthcare. #Trumpcare #HealthcareBill
Put something together that helps every one, not just the rich. Ask yourself if you would sign up for it.
And your replacement plan is what? GOP hubris is going to kill people.
Mitch you are way too old to be lying. You just sabotaging care for old people.
No.
Can't you actually represent Americans and defend the constitution where it promises life liberty...instead of being loyal to party + pres?
You need to vote yes on #ImpeachAndReplace
Only if you continue to sabotage ACA
A motion to proceed is just more stalling.  You all campaigned on repeal. Get to it or we will at the ballot box 2018.  We keep our promises
