#The GOP will hear from the American people in 2018 and will be voted out of office!!!
Lord get that girl some information...So Democrats haven't been working to stop GOP & now "You" will 
It's written, there's audio/video of GOP members confessing they were told 2 not work w/ Democrats. 
Democrats R publicly saying it now-it's always like that that's why they win house, senate & governors
#Not this time. We had a regime change!
You mean republicans removed the current Regime-Dems oppression -take care. 2018 next
#You are in for Trump Oppression!! Good Luck!!
How many people have you listened to about this? Many bought in to Repeal/Replace, but you have no immed repl plan
@SenOrrinHatch  You will be voted out. Destroying these programs to give tax breaks to the wealthy.
then they haven't heard the American people! Which is it?
every year my company leaves today I found out they wont cover my med they cost 700 a month last plan in state i pay 300 more
No one I know has asked you to do that. We are also Americans.
I know many, myself included, who want it repealed.
All I ask is find a win/win solution for us both. ACA has benefited family and friends - they deserve a voice also
u don't listen 2 America. 
America has told u not 2 destroy ACA. Ur greed is pathetic. U put  out & hope ppl swallow. Liars
that's not what majority of us want! Lies!  GOP $$$ from ins co! Stop senate insurance
Well u are deaf to the majority of the popular vote! Build on it and don't waste our time & money.  There is other work to do
WELL DO IT OR STOP TALKING BORING!!!
@SenOrrinHatch I am not sure you heard this voter from your home state of UT: I am NOT in support of repealing ACA. Alt plan?! 
what about a majority of 55 mil who did NOT vote for your ticket? Did you hear them too?
Seriously, Americans are begging you to take away their health insurance?
Gut healthcare to build a big wall? Our boarders can be regulated by drones you know, like real cheap. Fix our infrastructures!
The GOP's will get sick and die from infectious diseases from those without health insurance, if that's what they want. So be it.
They are mostly old men ready to die anyway, why should they care about the health of the nation that has paid for them.
LOCK TRUMP UP!!!!
so why lower taxes for the uber rich
@SenOrrinHatch PEOTUS Trump campaigned :He would not touch Medicare, Medicaid & Social Security. People voted for him & you.SHAME
sorry keep Obamacare it works well. You polling wrong people. Probably Russians
@SenateMajLdr 8 years of Obama BS - paranoia, delusion, & conspiracy theories. Russia & Trump, nothing to see here.
Yea! Just repeal, do NOT replace. HSA's and competitive ins is what we need. H/C is a service not a 'right'.
better not repeal the ACA.
If you value the oath that you took to defend & protect the Constitution, then OPPOSE Trump's nominees.
in 8 years you haven't listened only obstructed. You have presented zero workable plans. Don't create a #HealthCrisis
fix it -- do not repeal unless you have immediate replacememt that is universal.
No, Improve do not deny millions their healthcare.  Show us your plan for improvement.
Thanks soo much for trying to get rid of poeples life insurance and sucking oil companies cocks! you inbred bible thumpers
That's the opposite of what the American said. That's what you've been TELLING them. Not the same thing.
Which ones? The 20M who got insurance? You folks are delusional...
that's not what Americans are saying.
Ya'll are nothing but a broken record, you idiots. The American people didn't tell to repeal:they said to REPLACE with one better
our most vulnerable are at stake, please get this right.
WHY WOULD YOU REPEAL IT AFTER ALL THIS WORK AND MONEY PUT INTO IT. WHY WOULD YOU TAKE AWAY PEOPLE'S ACCESS TO AFFORDABLE CARE
70% OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE DO. NOT WANT TO REPEAL OBAMACARE  UNLESS U CONSIDER  ONLY GOP AMERICANS ,WHICH I THINK U DO!
you'd better have a damn good replacement and have it ready to go before repeal!! I think you misjudged your mandate.
oh wow a propaganda fake looking news clip, it must be true.
#DoYourJob liars
#Liars
no no no repeal
What particular Americans were you only listening to? trump rallies don't represent "all" Americans.
You are working to #MakeAmericaSickAgain people want ACA until you have replacement available.  Lies lies lies. #resist
Really?  All the polls and everything I have seen says that over 50% of Americans want to keep ACA until you have something new.
better move quick before impeachment...
AML+FLT3+19yo+>$1M in bills +prex condition=ty #aca for saving my baby's life. #coveragematters #the27percent
@realDonaldTrump  FINALLY! END Obama's 8 YEAR NIGHTMARE!!! REPEAL Obamacare! It's KILLING US & EMPTYING OUR POCKETS!!!
Hey u with non ACA insurance: just who do you think pays for medical care for uninsured? U do! With higher premiums! @senategop
@SenateDems If you actually have listened to the American people, then you won't repeal the ACA. But you are not listening to the Majority
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump the people want ACA fixed not repealed! 20
Million covered by ACA!
BS repeal it apparently you think it's free.
tell me how is it paid for?
Not without a suitable replacement, I hope.
According to most polls, a majority of Americans approves of the Affordable Health Care. Who have you been listening to?
They have been listening to Russia
long as pre-existing conditions stays he same and healthcare for kids in college up to 26!!!
reasonable let's get it done.
not sure which Americans you're talking about.  You mean Trump?
(3) but NOT for repeal without replacement. Thank you.
(2) Also, do some of these people realize that "Obamacare" is the same thing as "ACA"? Many of us could vote for reform,
No illegals No free contraception No nonessential surgeries . . . More options, lower copays #getitdone
I'm Republican but stay the hell out of the bedroom!  Contraception isn't THAT big a deal.  Leave that alone.
(1) Dear Sirs/Madams: Do they truly want their health care repealed before there is something else in its place?
How about working to investigate the blackmailing and compromising of PEOTUS by the Russians?
BS separate item .
No it isn't. It goes to the GOP's slavish devotion to the destruction of this country.
I believe you have been listening to that top 1% again! There are millions of people helped & SAVED by ACA!
people don't have a problem with aca. Its the COST to the tax payer that we do not want.
If you really had heard the people, you would not be repealing it. Most people don't want it repealed.
Reds are DEAF to the real needs of Americans 
Why do you hate America???
YOU have chosen to repeal ACHA NOT The American people. The lies are amazing.
>american people

You better have a real good replacement or you're even more fucked in 2020
YOUVE HEARD NOTHING OF THE SORT !! Majority of us CANT STAND YOU ! 
@HouseGOP I'm sorry, you must have misheard, please DO NOT repeal ACA.
have you heard the part where we don't want you to repeal the ACA, especially since you don't have anything to replace it with?
Why replace. We have excellent h/c. It is ins. that is the problem.
if its not Universal healthcare then don't bother. Yes it does work and covers everyone. #whatsyourplan?
If they were LISTENING they wouldn't be REPEALING.
be honest, repeal does NOT have to be followed by replace either. We've far too many laws that corp/politicians use to circumvent
Hear me.. Do not privatize Medicare. No touchy Social Security. I am America and BTW
Liar liar pants on fire!
Make Obama Pay
OBAMACARE SUCKS. OBAMA IS EXEMPT
Excellent
Crooked Lying Obama
