My heart goes out to you.Due to Age, My license has expired. I wish all of you safe passage.
But that's Socialism!
I agree your special needs shelters should have nurse managers. In fact, it should have been a top priority in planning for this years ago
This nurse mgr worked 4 days at hospital housing overflow special needs from EOC, unpaid!  My team paid well!  I'd do it again!
Why can't you pay the nurses for their work?
Will police and other emergency workers also be expected to work for no pay?
Wow. Lotta folks mad about suggesting women be paid for their work.
ACTUALLY, YOUR PIC OF YOUR BREAST ONLY IS OFFENDED.  GO AWAY UNLESS YOU ARE A HUMAN THAT LIVES ALL HUMANS, INCLUDING HURRICANE SURVIVORS
*loves not lives

Lol
President Trump says everything is going great down there thanks to him. You dont really need anything.
How about you go to the poorest neighborhoods in Florida and find people who want to be nurses, and put them through school?
And how does that help anyone today... they can go enroll anytime!
Florida should make licensing in their state more nurse-friendly, and they would likely get more help.
Wow Nice Smile
I live in Jacksonville I am a nurse who can volunteer
sent an email. I'm not a nurse, but I graduated medical school ( Mexico). Passed the first 2 steps of the board exam to go into residency.
that's not a nurse though, sorry
Who are you Rebecca to determine if he's not 'fit' to volunteer. Take a seat.
I want to do it because I believe they will do the same for me too. we have to stand together.
I hope the god you all never need me...asking for pay when you took the oath...you give a lot Nurses a bad name. Wanna benefit from tragedy!
It doesn't sound like anyone expects payment. Not sure where your coming from. Although the volunteers deserve payment for their sacrifice.
Read a lot of the replies...I'm not sure what your not seeing...
From your post... I may have read it wrong... but you expect payment for your assistance. And don't expect better from anyone else.
You said you hope "you all" never need me. Asking for pay.
Yes I hope the ones asking for pay never need me. Your totally missing my point.
Apparently I AM missing your point. At least I hope so. From my perspective you think nurses always expect payment.
There ARE  people who don't expect to even be acknowledged for their help. You don't seem to get that.
Maybe call some climate deniers to help you out?
People are about to go through hell and you're playing politics?

Have a heart.
I feel for the people affected by weather, but their governor has repeatedly denied climate change. Where, exactly, does the buck stop?
Well worry about that after people are helped. Their safety and wellbeing is priority.

Your politics aren't going to save these people.
Too bad their governor didn't feel that their safety and well-being were priorities before weather events hit. Not politics, science.
To-wit:
https://www.vox.com/platform/amp/energy-and-environment/2017/9/7/16258848/us-climate-politics-farce …
Do you need a Florida license?  I have a NC license
@katiebug6871
They needed them in houston too! Too bad we have to schedule time off 2 months in advance
Your country needs you
If I could, I would!
Where is the HUMANITY in these comments????
There's a lot of humanity coming from nurses.

Not so much from tax-cutting, climate-denying, Medicare-restricting Voldemort of a governor.
What r u doing with the relief money? 1000 volunteer? wth. Rick, do you volunteer? Why cant you pay? @FLGovScott
I wish I could volunteer for both Hurricanes...but I had an injury that needed surgery..which has put me on a walker..Oh How I wish! Prayers
Guy w/ net worth of $100million+ USD has gall to ask medical professionals to work for his state for free, as if it was Haiti 
Man. You are a special kind of douchebag to try and get political in a time like this. Someone needs to melt your teeth...
Thank you.
Texas offered $52 an hour and accommodations and travel paid for emergency nurses.
Is it time to start using the phrase climate change yet? I say we withhold federal funds until you do.
Florida actually needs a volunteer Governor. Scott is just too expensive and unstable.
You’re on your own climate denier. Levy some taxes and pay those nurses, jerk.
GOVERNOR SCOTT,  I TRIED THE EMAIL YOU PROVIDED & IT'S NOT GOING THRU
Could be a volume thing. Probably lots of people emailing in at once.
Good thought. I'll keep trying.  Thanks
Thank YOU! 
hi there are you accepting Canadian nurses?
There just might be license issues...
Nope. Sorry. My patients need me here. 
Nothing at all wrong with him paying nurses to work these shelters.He needs their expertise that no one else has. Scott has done a great job
Wouldnt it have been great if u could have paid nurses with #Medicaid expansion?
Now’s not the time Arlette
You're going to house them where? In a houseboat ?
A good guess would be the hospitals where they'd be working at numbnuts.
Please pray for us it's getting bad and very scary never ever in my life that I have ever seen this.... Very scary
free nurses better than paid nurses.
I'm sure you meant to say that nurses who volunteer their service are better than nurses who expect payment for their sacrifice.
Pay the nurses!! None of the other emergency workers are doing it for free. Why should they?
Maybe if you stopped cutting taxes for the rich, you could actually pay these nurses (because they deserve it).
Gap between rich and poor in America is humanitarian crisis. Rick Scott and his gov't only fuel it. The rich survive storms, not the poor.
Thanks for the advice Susan. Try and relax. Everything will be OK.
I'm ER Nurse in California. Have previous experience in disaster response. Deployed to Louisiana as during Katrina/Rita. Sent email. Prayers
I also speak Spanish and Creole
Right On! @FlGovScott Dr. Attilus is ready to go!
thank you Sara! I appreciate that. They would do the same for me! we have to stand together.
We do as a Nurse if I could answer this call I would I'm feeling helpless so no Thank You
Volunteer ? Potus wants to reimburse Churches in Texas for sheltering people. Will Nurses be reimbursed? Nothing like waiting last minute !
Ha ha ha! I used to be a nurse. I'll thinking NO
I understand. They are looking for people with experience with special needs people. Is it any different than asking for other volunteers.
Nursing comes with a lot of hazards it's asking a lot of a Nurse to put her license on the line. I feel bad but this should have been ...
Well if you ever need rescuing off the roof of your home, I hope someone doesn't gripe about the hazard. No one making you volunteer anyway.
And thanks for wishing me I'll.
Not wishing ANYONE ill.
Really people?  He's asking for help....what's wrong with you?

Can't change the past
Remember MC fraud of $100 million?
Why it is only from April to November and also  why some other country in the planet  not affected  by hurricane
Do they need Florida License?
I wonder if FL is a compact state?
Nurses deserve the same  respect and reverence given to Police and Fire!!
@nicoleklemme
Can we volunteer if we are out of state? Florida is not a compact state
Me too. I know u can't do paid work. I am emailing and will c. Maybe why it is for volunteers so out of state RNs can work?
Great gov, great job !!! God bless you !!
@Dtomlian33
@DanaPerino Great job on @TheFive tonight...as always! Prayers you, Peter, & Jasper have a nice weekend...God bless! 
 #TheFive 
, I am a nurse, how can I help , what do I need to do?
This tweet should have said if you want to be a decent human being and help out please email...
We can barely cover all the open shifts in our hospitals many want to but we can't leave our jobs and our patients here.
I just emailed. I want no money-it's called being a Christian and a RN
I am an RN from MICHIGAN. What can I do to help ?
May 5: Legislature cuts $160 million from South Florida hospitals.   Sep 9: Florida guv asks for volunteers.   *I see what you did there*
Calling all volunteers in Florida!!!!
What about the folks on dialysis being sent home because of lack of generators and water. I thought Florida was prepared.
@WayfaringPhoto Too bad the the timing won't work. Your father would really rock this.
So...1000 = one NFL quarterback?
Why are these professionals asked to volunteer while even the FNG get paid (a pittance but it's pay)?
How much do you pay? please state.
OK, enough I am a female nurse;this is what we do, we step up & take care of people-could care less whether or not I'm paid
Exactly
See, who said HRC voters can't get along w/Trump's...piss off a group of nurses & we'll unite in a heartbeat 
Maybe look at the nursing students to help from local colleges and give them credits for helping
Gee, I would but Gov. Scott ended the program that helped stay-at-home parents return to work so now I have a useless RN license. #Karma
Can't volunteer, already forced to be locked down at my hospital. Thanks anyway
From the guy worth millions of dollars from Medicare fraud. Why don't you serve the very people you stole from.
Coincidentally these are the immigrants that will help rebuild our country. Meanwhile, the POTUS wants to deport them.
The correct term is illegal alien, border jumper is also applicable
Just curious. Why not pay the nurses?
Would love to see that. In an emergency sometimes they just need help on the ground
Nurses are in such high demand, they must take precious time off to do this. At least cover their expenses, @FLGovScott
Hey Scotty, while you're at it, why not admit that climate change exists and that it's caused by mam?
Mam? My grandmother is causing climate change? 
We need you to ask the big hotels, now empty of tourists, to shelter those w/out cars/means to leave. DO IT NOW!
the hotels are full and there is free transportation to shelters. stop.
Full of whom?
Maybe next time he'll pay attention to climate change scientists and let his people make better preparation plans for such an occasion.
Had hurricanes since long before climate change was ever mentioned.
Even if you don't believe in climate change, don't stand in the way of people trying to protect others
Exactly!  A call for nurses is trying to protect people.
If he heeded climate scientists' warnings, he could have had all of those plans in place before hurricane season & not have to beg for help
Are you an idiot in real life or just play one on Twitter?
Ohhh the temptation!!
I think in my area ALL the nurses worth their salt are already WORKING preplanned DOUBLE shifts.  Check W/ local hospitals.
they can hit me up summer 2019
If u pay for my airfare...
I will volunteer if I can get to Florida but no flights to get there. I am a nurse and will do it for free...
Get that embezzled money from the Red Cross to pay those nurses.
Pay these Nurses Rick!
Hello I'm An LPN From Illinois, I Want To Assist
@TheRickWilson can you amplify?
I am anti the Republican party, but I have 2 say, you have shown commitment & care to the citizens of Florida. I want to commend u 4 caring!
Thank you Gov Scott for all that you're doing in preparedness for the people of Florida.  We're going to need it.
What about all the local pharmacies closing down... people are currently unable to fill prescriptions coming out of the hospitals. Thoughts?
They can fill scripts at hospital if they're coming out of hospital. Pharmacies closing so workers don't need rescuing when storm hits
The board of Pharmacy has emergency protocols for situations such as this. They will often dispatch pharmacists to dispense
Will those Pharmacists be working for free and providing their own accommodations?
I cannot speak to this situation. However, I do not believe so in respect to being paid. But likely will be helped with accommodations.
Just saying nurses should be treated as equal to all first responders
Difference is police, fire, ems jobs never stop. Md, rph, nurses are asked to step up and help in volunteer circumstances, we took an oath
Not sure what is meant by police fire and ems jobs never stop.We hover 24h and tale call where I work
Women are always expected to volunteer. Men do not want to take care of cleaning all the nursing home patients that are piled into shelters
Assumes all nurses are women...
Have you called this out on your Facebook page? I couldn't find it. I have a lot more nurse friends on FB than Twitter.
Really?  Providing transport, food, and housing?  Not in the shelter
You've never volunteered during a natural disaster, have you?
Me?  Lots. Hurricanes  Katrina, Wilma, Gilbert, EQ in Haiti, Matthew in Haiti....
Ok. Then you know the first ask doesn't always get specific. It's a call to action. Your "Really?" seemed to expect a full offer via tweet.
I'm insulted in the way he is requesting professionals. He is not putting a random call out for firefighters, Paramedics, etc, largely male
Ok. The gender thing did not even come to mind for me. I saw a simple request for volunteers in an emergency. Sorry.
I'm a nurse but i live in Brazil but if you need me to go help
Next emergency, could you get the military to use their cargo planes to evacuate people out of state?
,I'm all available but I'm in Nigeria!
Hey Gov...u might wanna ask for some RCP's,as well..becuz SOMEONE is gonna need to run those vents/bipaps/blood gasses help w vascular lines
I wonder if you'll be donating your salary? I wonder if you'll be checking to see if the nurses who volunteer benefit from #DACA?
How would they get there?
Sent along with resume
A lot of nurses are going to be working at hospitals and shelters away from their families...they never get enough respect.
RN from NL, Canada. Willing to come down to help you guys out!! Emails sent, God Bless you all!!!!
GovScott please Volunteer!
I don't understand why they wouldn't get crisis pay...
.@realDonaldTrump would charge you, Governor. #MAGA remember?

Do we need to have a Florida license?
Plenty of us canadian nurses would help if you let us
Most important fact here is nurses for SPECIAL NEEDS human beings. Nurses can do for them more than anybody. Not a bad thing to ask for them
Wish I was in any shape to come help. Stay safe.
How about "calling all scientists, I need you to help get my head out from my ass when it comes to climate change"
I'm an RN at @MayoClinic in MN. Have you reached out to orgs for nurses? Ryan @rjahoover
job growth
Answered Survey Monkey survey sent by the state.  Haven't received any information.  Willing to volunteer but need information
Many nurses can't afford to leave the job they have to volunteer. There is also a nursing shortage and that does not help.
Dawn Curry Ignagni they need you. I'll join you and help deal with the pets.
I live(d) in the Keys. We are there for our community, and our community is there for us.
Shits gonna get real, fast!!!!

#Trumpland #ChickenHawk

If any Hispanic or Muslim first responders turn up?

Or, only those like Nurse Rachett?

#TrumpRICO
I know of a kind nurse, works hospice, 3 kids in college, been here 25 yrs, probably would've helped but she was deported a few weeks ago...
How did she get a license and pass a background check if she is here illegally? Who would hire her without an SS#? 
In California we have laws that allow us to treat humans as humans.
She still would have had to get licensure, schooling, and then get hired without an SS#. I called BS on this story (as most nurses do)
Believe whatever you want, facts are facts
I would work for you but you have to sign a sworn statement that you understand what CO2 ppm is.
not today voldemort
You really wanna help Florida, ricky?
Resign.
2 all past & u gov. Scott according 2 those who live in 1/2 of Fl. flooding happens even when just d tide goes up Don't sell land in a swamp
Did he actually use the word volunteer,I am so sick of these GOP governors.
Most of the nurses I know need their pay to live. We have bills and kids. Getting paid doesn't mean we have no compassion!
Talk to your buddy 
https://www.google.com/amp/amp.usatoday.com/story/96999464/ …
R.N.'s are usually  only licensed in the state we work and live. Then again, there is probably some disaster protocol.
But there are compact states for recognition of each others licenses in the compact. Makes it much easier.
If I could I would!
Want gov't help now?
Stop with the socialism. The private sector will handle it.
Would love to be able to help, but the other nurses would be taking care of Sheila snd me.
Governor Scott - what do you think of climate change now?
With that great JBJ catch its dirty water in Boston!
Can any nurses help at all online from a distance? Something to consider.
I will be volunteering my time after the storm and dealing with some potential issues! I'm a nurse over in St Pete please send more info!!
#Nursesareneeded You would have more nurses if you didn't cut out all the nursing jobs at DOH.
Why ppl here yacking about nurses to volunteer with out pay. Why dp you first find out the details before you make your speculation?
I'm a nurse, where do I sign up?
They needed the call...there are about 2,500 nurses down there now. Stay safe everyone.
Heeded  not needed.
I'm a Nurse & I'll volunteer for places who can't afford 2 pay - FL is not 1 of those places.
Btw there is no nursing oath to work for free. So stop saying that!
But what if some Hernando County female deputy tries to arrest an ER RN
You are doing a fantastic job with this storm Governor. Wish we had you here in NY.
I'm a Co RN, I'm available but without means to get there.  I've replied to the email.
RN, ready to volunteer any time from now!
No we have more than enough of those idiots in this world.
Im a CNA  sometimes i wish i had my RN
Nurses & docs shouldn't be working for free. Crisis or not
Sir, doing a great job during #Irma but with all due respect, that email address could be much simpler.
how about having people bussed from one shelter to another to make the most of the space you have?
Nurses have special hearts -An inordinate number of my friends are nurses-wonder what that says about me? I must like those who give a darn.
Sir--If a Registered Nurse has an unencumbered license in another state--will Florida waive the need for a FL license?
They'll waive it due to emergency.
I was just thinking the same thing.
PUEDEN SER ERFERMEROS DE CUALQUIER PARTE DEL MUNDO?
SOY AYUDANTE DE ENFERMERIA VIVO EN ALEMANIA Y ESTOY LISTA EN CUALQUIER MOMENTO QUE ME NECESITEN PARA IR AYUDAR Y APOYARLOS.
i'd like to know where you're helping out Rick!??
still deny #climatechange #ClimateFacts ???
Give it a rest. Now is not the time. Many lives are in danger. Let's stay on track
He wants volunteer nurses to work in special needs shelters? God bless those that do it but no way I'd put my license on the line free!
I sent an email, I can start driving Monday from PA.
REALLY??? You are a bot/troll.
James Woods is already on it. Not to worry. He'll get er done.
I'm a 27 years exp RN in Seattle and Forida is my home state. Is a temp Fla license for the special needs shelter possible?
Prayers With #Florida .. It's Beautiful Cosmopolitan State .. Dn't Panic,Evacuate & Then Wait @marcorubio @realDonaldTrump #Irma
If you'll acknowledge Miami isn't the only concern, mandate Charlotte co. Open Neil Armstrong elementary it's the strongest school here
Email sent.
The #Governor doesn't need to Plea for #Volunteer #Nurses at this point!He should assess Reality after #Irma.FLA has Very Good #Medical Help
I'm in CA, would love to help but would hope for stipend to pay my 3,000 mile flight?  @FLgovScott
So where's the millions of donations  are?
@FLGovScott Thank you for doing an amazing job being at least a 5th gen Fla seen a few storms.Very impressed great job. God bless, Be safe
THATS SOCIALISM! USE CAPITALISM AND LET THEM CHARGE YOU $100/HR FOR THE TIME.
Calling all GOP POLS: FL and all other states need volunteer politicians to admit climate change is real and mostly human-caused.
You know, I get why people want to be paid, but as a man with family in florida bracing for irma, I cannot believe money comes over people.
People are trying to stand up for nurses.

With family in danger why aren't you concerned about poor planning by @FLGovScott ?
The U.S. virgin islands really needs volunteers I hear.
pay them you cheap dork
you made a billion dollars ripping off medicare. pay the fuckin nurses
Registered Nurse in Texas & would be happy to assist if needed.  There is nothing wrong with volunteering your time and skills.
Time of need please respond
Really?Now you beg & call for emergency nurses..Sorry, Guv, but your state elected a climate change denier. Hope they impeach & indict you!
Nothing like making the email address so easy to remember #Irma
OMG
Always the nurses who show up help and get little respect from MD's after. Good luck!
What's a "special needs "shelter...a separate one...why?
How about you pay those nurses?  @FLGovScott @POTUS
@pmmillerr
Ha ha ha ha ha yes this is the one
Are you going to force people to do drug testing from your wife's company before giving FEMA Assistance??
Will you take Medical Assistants, who have worked alongside Nurses doing their exact same duties for years?
