Trying to get the majority of the voters to agree with you, that'll happen about as fast as us believing ur magic underwear is magic dude
As one of your constituents I don't support pulling out of the Paris agreement, DONT DO IT!
Don't support the worst president in history!
You should be ashamed, Orrin.  You want your family and constituents to keep breathing Utah's awful air, with all the illnesses it provokes?
Trump is trying to erase the Obama presidency. Guess what? His portrait will still be in the White House and the history books. Keep trying!
Look cronie you say your for children. You must not care what kind of planet you 'll leave to them. Sad
Bullshit
Did Trump dictate this tweet?
This is nuts. There are red days in our own state where kids can't play outside and everyone in the valley has a headache and watering eyes.
Today is one of those days in Tooele County.  My head is throbbing out here, for the love of God!
Do you know what century you are in?  Step down or do your job!
Actually weve lowered emmission to 12% heading to 17%
Why do you continue to lie make up facts to suit your shortsighted collusionist agenda
Climate change is not like a light switch.  It's takes long term planning and action
I moved to Utah as an adult and never had any lung problems until I had lived here for a few yrs. Now I have adult onset asthma.  #utpol
Wrong side of history, when you put party and $$ ahead of air and water quality for humanity.  Btw, I vote in Utah.  84029.
your legacy will be killing people if you support withdrawal from the Paris accord
DON'T DO IT
Such a joke. But then again you won't be around years from now to deal with it. Reap benefits and pass the negatives. Typical politician.
#FossilOfTheSenate #utpol #ParisAgreement You should dust off and get out more. Ever been to Utah? That's some tasty air right there.
This is staggeringly ignorant, Mr. Hatch. Next January - when the inversion is burning our lungs? We'll remember this. Politics over people.
Senator Hatch, remember us? Utahns? Those people you supposedly represent? You're doing a crap job of it. 84005
Do you even know where Utah is anymore , please go away
Sorry staffers, I don't believe your tweet.  Direct to the evidence that forms the basis of your statement.
Who's economy? Coal? There's more jobs being created in renewable, solar, wind, battery tech in USA than all disposable energy.
Lier
The United States of America will now join Syria (Putin's other puppet nation) as the only other nation opposed to this agreement.
Stupidity
The US joined this agreement in the waning months of his Presidency, it doesn't happen overnight you buffoon. Enjoy being 2nd to China!
O really? Is that #covfefe or just puppet talk.
If you really believe in God, will you tell him as stewards of Earth, you prioritizes wealth above all?
Then why is every other country a member besides Syria and Nicaragua?
#economicallysound
u really need to be encourage not to run again. You are done old man. You are an old man that is wondering lost in pollution!
Like most Rep you're mired in an antiquated agenda that doesn't see the potential in a climate responsible economy, the future is renewables
What lies! He just wants to help the rich and he will ruin the planet and environment.  Disgraceful all the anti environment policies of his
Do you have concrete examples supported by empirical evidence here, Mr. Hatch? Enough rhetoric from you. #ParisAgreement
You're SO OUT OF TOUCH with the facts and have GOT TO GO! You'll be dead and we will be breathing polluted air and drinking polluted water!
We don't have to protect the environment forever. We know Jesus is coming back soon!
You have no credibility with regard to any issue of importance.
this is misguided and history will not judge you favorably for it.
For a guy who styles himself as a promoter of tech innovation, this statement is remarkably head. in. sand. That it defends .45 sickens.
Ignoring climate change to the short term economic benefit of a few is an unfortunate legacy for you to leave.
You're full of covfefe!
Source? Where are the numbers that show Obama's climate agenda hurt the economy? You're not God; we're not taking your partisan word for it.
Do you know how twitter works? Can you see what your voters are saying? Protect the planet Old Goat, NOT your pockets!!
What data do you have to back up that claim?
Maybe you can spend less time getting plastic surgery and more time working in Washington to help our country. Thanks
Welcome to the third world Senator. You're a regressive thinker and you will harm us all.

Smartest Senator in the Senate.

71% of Americans, 57% of Republicans support the #ParisAgreement 
Utahans like clean air & a world we can live in for longer than you'll be
how has it hurt our economy? there's no evidence for that claim.
Another hopeless phone call, but I tried.  What are the specifics?  The agreement is in force now. How has the economy been hurt? #utpol
Rising sea levels, increased deaths from disease and extreme weather... those may put a damper on the economy, don't you think?
Shame on you and Sen. Lee. Thanks to you ostriches, Utah will have no snow by the end of this century.
Fuck off, old man. We will be paying the price for your shitty political decisions well after you go 6 feet under. Eat shit.
This man has no morals.
Earth's atmosphere is a soup. You can not over add ingredients and think it will be ok. Obama understood. You need to go to science class.
Hatch what do you know forget about reflection you are done in congress shameful representation of America
Look who signed this 2009 letter supporting the international climate deal.
THIS IS A MASSIVE LIE - IT IS THE WORST FORM OF LIE - IT IS HALF THE TRUTH.  AS IF OBAMA COULD JUST FIX IT ALL OVERNIGHT.  YOU ASS.
Disgraceful. Plus shuffle off and let younger generations try to clean up the mess you've left.
You are such a disappointment to me and our state. Party before country. It is time for you to retire to your rocking chair.
Please go back to the 1950's.
Orrin - bought and paid for.
Trump pulling out of the Paris agreement never came to the senate for approval either. Don't forget that u r supposed 2 represent the ppl!
Most Americans don't support Trump ending U.S.'s participation in that agreement. You r there to represent the ppl, not to be a monarch!
I continue to be ashamed that you are one of my state's senators. Utah and our children deserve better.
Our state of Utah has horrible air. It is putting us at risk for more illness and disease every year. Climate change matters.
Uh-huh. The Dow doubling & unemployment more than halved under Obama proves his terrible effect on the economy.
Please anyone remind me of something Hatch has done to benefit the citizens of Utah? For the life of me I can't think of one single thing.
But you couldn't give two shts about climate, you're almost done with the planet. God fixes the rest. The Old Goat cares nothing for future.
You are a national disgrace!!
Stunning, the ignorance here. Blatant lie. US CO2 emissions fell. 
Car emissions down. This is about a shift in human behavior. A beginning.
What good is the word of America now? Article 5, Paris agreement... what next? Shameful.
There is a special place in the Telestial Kingdom  for you where you will spend eternity shoveling Trump's shit.  Sycophant.
Have you seen the air in Utah lately? So sad your "pro-business" fake facts are overshadowing the truth. Time to support the #ParisAgreement
Air pollution is not climate change
Just because you are 80 years old does not mean you can not think about other peoples future health. From a Utahn, up yours Senator.
Ummm the economy got better during Obama presidency. By every metric. Jobs, stock mkt, all measures gained. So you're wrong.
Says the senator of a state who has some of the worst air quality in the country for a months a year 
In case you'd like data before speaking next time on how green policies affect jobs: http://bit.ly/2rUZCcl 
My economy hurt more by discriminatory illegal hiring practices in Utah. Young-LDS-Republicans get jobs others ignored.@GovHerbert
You're on the wrong side of history, Senator. Shameful. #ParisAgreement #ParisAccord #ClimateChange
This is the key point & why opposition to the Paris Accord is so ill-advised. Trump can amend from within. https://twitter.com/GerardAraud/status/869909905389572098 …
You. Are. A. Joke.
That's a face lie and you know it. Obama did everything to protect our environment. Trump has undone all that so he push the big factories.
We are watching your missteps too Senator #ObstructionOfJustice

Were it not for the blessed American people, in their wisdom having elected this President, our Congress would still be parsing what to do
