Definitely! Get geared up for the impeached hearings!!
#savebearsears

There is nothing conservative about these political hacks obstructing justice. Real conservatives are disgusted. http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/politics/ct-republicans-mueller-uranium-deal-20171103-story,amp.html …
One term remember f/o orrin by way never bothered to say thank u
Gun control is what you should and you won't do so just do nothing. And even that's hard to do

It's devastating to hear that @OrrinHatch took $97,848+ from @NRA to think & pray about gun violence but do nothing to stop it https://twitter.com/senorrinhatch/status/927273075657363456 …
Hard things like trying to take healthcare from 20-30M people, wealth re-distribution to the rich, etc.  You've done enough hard things, thx

Congress should be giving middle class families a break. Instead, GOP is borrowing from their kids' future & putting #BillionairesFirst. 
Good afternoon, Sen Hatch. What will you do if Trump fires Mueller?
What to do when i pull funding for infrastructure,healthcare, and the wall oh wait to late get to work
you had disabled people arrested . shame on you
Do they pay or is it free. Interrupting is not acceptable. Stand outside with signs
pay for what?
Medicaid is free. People don’t pay. We run a dental office we don’t take it. Pays so little
If you vote for a tax plan that adds 1.5 trillion to the deficit YOU are not a conservative
It would b more effective if you hold Trump accountable WHILE still running for office.  The atmosphere may change by the time you run again
You mean trying to make homosexuality illegal and barring Muslims from public office?
Asked about Roy Moore’s comments about Muslims and homosexuality:

Hatch: “Well I have trouble with those.”…
Please retire
How can u dismiss Bears Ears,  Grand Staircase,  it belongs to wildlife and Indians.  Retire Orrin.  No re bad tax plan

request to review Trump's tax returns which you are legally authorized to do as Chair of Senate Finance.

Please help us get rid of this monster. Spouse WWII buff, daily showing me examples of trump to hitler. I'm scared.
Spouse also disabled veteran, Dad career vet, Grd FA WWII vet.  Help get rid of this monster in WH
Except for gun control. I need dat money.
To late kinda like bob doles viagra
The responses to your hard work are telling you something. To bad you don't seem to care.
Let's not forget adding 2x what it would cost for free college to the military budget so you can kill innocents overseas. Enough hard things
DESTROYING BEARS EARS YOU SUCK and YOU LIE
#ExpelMaxine
Your tax bill is regressive. Why should small business owners pay a lower rate than their employees? #RegressiveTaxPolicy
If you were really a small business owner, you wouldn't be saying small business owners pay less than their employees. Bot 
It will be when they send you home to stay
You will only continue to prove you are a partisan and a double standard applying hypocrit. Prove us wrong by investigating this admin.
Seriously  get a special prosecutor to investigate Hillary and Obama n all the illegal stuffon the Democratic side Mueller is a farce
Oops…
Enjoyed watching you and Sessions kiss each other's ass.
"Before I proceed with the reason we're here, I'd like to cover my ass."
This Is What Actual Racism Looks Like : Warning Graphic Content. @POTUS @GOP
This Is What Actual Racism Looks Like : Warning Graphic Content. @POTUS @GOP
This Is What Actual Racism Looks Like : Warning Graphic Content. @POTUS @GOP
This Is What Actual Racism Looks Like : Warning Graphic Content. @POTUS @GOP
Why are you supporting #DACA #Amnesty [@legislator]? #Immigration must be reformed, support @realDonaldTrump immigration principles!
http://archive.sltrib.com/article.php?id=5513048&itype=CMSID …
Save America! People like Jared Kushner have put it on SALE. Shame 2 them. Go 2 HELL Kushner. Spreading KGB NETWORK in USA??
Say NO to breaking the Iran nuclear deal!!!
Awesome! Can't wait to pay @realDonaldTrump's taxes with your latest tax cut for the rich. Thanks for looking out for your donors.
Seeing a pattern.
1) Letting CHIP expire
2) end to Murray negotiation with Alexander re CSRs
3) exec actions to undermine OCare
Priorities?
Will you start speaking up now that the party is in a freefall?
If Trump refuses to protect & defend the Constitution, Congress must do their duty, honoring their own oath of office, and impeach POTUS.
Bannon will try to unseat u w. Erik prince,  an utter nazi. Do somex.
why was it forbidden
hurry up and get it done, we are all so tired of the rhetoric,get McConnell to tow the line
You sure didn't prove it last month with GC bill. Why should we think this month will be different? No Action, Talk Only.
Mr Hatch. Your lack of action on the American agenda is disappointing, your support of Democrats agenda is unforgivable. Primaries close?
@OrrinHatch #jokingagain
Who voted against gun control? Joe and Mika read their names http://www.msnbc.com/morning-joe/who-voted-against-gun-control … #BloodOnYourHands
if not now, when?....

.@OrrinHatch got $97,848 from @NRA, so all he'll do is talk about gun violence on the Senate floor. 

Urge him to #SendBackTheBloodMoney https://twitter.com/senorrinhatch/status/914928312010625026 …
No vacations 4Senate til Entire Great America Agenda presented in primaries ispassed Senate needs to respect hardworking American taxpayers
At least $1 or $2 Trillion more in debt on top of the $20 T.  You really want to be there when it collapses.  Fiscal conservative?? Whatevs.

Remember how Sen. Hatch changed the rules of the Finance Committee to get Price confirmed? They knew he was unethical—didn't care.
Let's: the president's calling US disaster victims lazy and telling them not to count on the federal government. Time for #impeachment.
More useless babble, time for change.
Remember how Sen. Hatch changed the rules of the Finance Committee to get Price confirmed? They knew he was unethical—didn't care.
Oh, if only there had been some clues that Tom Price was unethical before you voted to confirm him. You're complicit, Orrin.
Hatch politicized #CHIP bill that provides insurance to kids. Now his state is the first casualty.
We are not counting on you to do nothing. @realDonaldTrump and his fans are begging you to do something. I'd rather go home and stay home.
Look! It's a rich old white guy pitching a tax reform bill that would mainly benefit rich old white guys. PATHETIC!
Hard to believe you're ending the week by telling us that the Senate is capable of so much when you failed  this week on Healthcare.
It's time to primary you. Amnesty and ObamaCare are your engine that can't... support President Trump.
Can you prove it by keeping us out of nuke war and save lives in Puerto Rico and US Virgin Islands?
If you vote in favor of amnesty , this will be your last term in office .
Traitor.
You will be voted out and you know it .
You won't be able to prove it without bipartisan support. Are you new at this?!
Are you man enough to have a vote on GC or have you exhausted all of your hot air? Show us what you're made of!
When are you scheduling the vote on Graham Cassidy. I want to make sure I'm watching so that I can laugh with each and every no vote !!
how about not telling disabled Americans to shut up.  You old codger fool. #ImpeachTrump #2018 #RepublicanPartyisDead
All you're capable of is being a horrible person, as your treatment of protestors shows. Keep patting yourself on the back though!
Please pass tax reform. If u don't, just please leave.
Lier just like the test of them.
Sir, I can't understand why you are voting for this bill.  It is rushed and is wrong.  Time to work across the aisle and fix healthcare.
Capable of heartless greedy. Greed over ppl. I thought it was not possible until today. https://twitter.com/politico/status/912557369107808256 …, you proved it by your words
“If you want a hearing, you better shut up,” Sen. Hatch said to protesting disability rights activists http://politi.co/2xHLtRU  
We saw what you're capable of-telling ppl who'll be hurt by horrific G-Cassidy bill-ppl who PAY YOUR SALARY-to shut up-& have them arrested
Are you deaf/stupid/or just evil?These ppl don't want a hrg-there shouldn't be a hrg on bill EVERYONE OPPOSES incl AMA&all maj health orgs
It's time for the senate to prove the cleaning of the swamp and removing the old wind bag senator from the senate.....shame
The new health care is just as horrible as the last one, please do not vote yes on this one. Fix it don't vote for less
Americans in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands are suffering horribly. Focus on US citizens, instead of focusing on the ridiculous.
F. U. C. K. Y. O. U. . You are over, finished. Done. Yesterday's trash. Not even worth recycling.

At #GrahamCassidy hearing: "No cuts to Medicaid! Save our liberty!"

@senorrinhatch: "I dont feel like sitting through this…
Creep
Doe that include telling people petrified at the prospect of losing their health coverage to "shut up"?
Yes if they are disruptive. There are ways to protest. Not make asses.....
So telling ppl who want to voice their opinions to "shut up", is how this is going to work? Just another old white dude past his expiry date
Every major Healthcare organization is against this including some insurance companies. That's "partisan"? You love misleading rhetoric.
Remember..Respect is earned..it's not a given Senator Hatch. You work FOR us, not the other way around. Never forget these 2 facts.
Is respecting/caring for your state too much?  It seems so. This bill is horrific, will harm your state residents. Learn/Listen/respect.
SHAMEFUL!! Being against the #GrahamCassidy bill is NOT being partisan. Being against has to do with RESPECTING citizens. Nothing more/less.

.@senorrinhatch tells protesters: "If you want a hearing, you better shut up." #GrahamCassidy 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTObbUq59vs&feature=youtu.be …

Sen. Hatch: "If you want a hearing you'd better shut up."
Protesters: "No cuts to Medicaid, saved our liberty."
#GrahamCassidy 

That is just pathetic that cops feel they need to remove people from their chair and place them on the floor. This is not a necessary action
GOP 2017 = common street whores, down on their knees sucking off Koch bros for cash.
Join John McCain with a thumbs down on Graham & Cassidy Bill don't sneak a bill in 2 kill Obama Care Make your vote count It impacts America
AP FACT CHECK: President Trump's tweets on GOP health bill and pre-existing conditions http://to.pbs.org/2ytnvbj   via @NewsHour
this health bill was worse than the last One!! what side of history do you want to be on?.. VOTE NO
Do so much more by.actually debating over real health care don't try and sneak one in just walk out put a thumbs down like Sen. McCain did
Ramming Grassidy bill through isn't going to help Utah one bit.m
NEW: Health insurers take a stand against Graham Cassidy ACA repeal.

That's patients, doctors, hospitals,seniors, insurers,…
People will die when you vote to defund Medicaid, so please spare us your lectures about the "hard things" the Senate can do.
What's going to be hard is watching Americans die of preventable deaths because old men like you have turned their backs on us.
No faith Senator. Y'all think Washington fixes things. Not even close.  Get out of the way
#GrahamCassidyِ is a recipe for disaster. All Americans should have equal healthcare. Pls vote no and work to improve the ACA #bipartisan
Except Senators get better healthcare, of course.
Doing so much more does not include passing Graham-Cassidy - that is doing so much less. NO NO NO
You're proud to murder thousands?
Sen has done nothing under Reid and Almost Nothing under Repubs saw your interview this AM now I know why NO leadership NO Fire, NO Grit SAD
Senator Hatch:
Please DO NOT retire! The nation and the @gop needs you for another term!
Where are Finance meetings on Sec of Treasury spending and oversight?
Mnuchin requested use of a government jet to take him and his wife on their honeymoon in Scotland, France and Italy
http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/treasury-secretary-mnuchin-requested-government-jet-european-honeymoon/story?id=49777076 …
Good luck wishing for normal with Donald Trump in office.
What do you do about how Republicans feel about Democrats? Whatever it is to lower the GOP contempt for Democrats, it's not working.
Unless you are interested in term limits this will never be fixed
Your staff in charge of this account rock.  If it's you I can't believe you are wasting your time with any committee McConnell is on.
The Senate is capable of a lot more - like impeachment, removal, and prosecution of our unstable traitor-in-chief
Does that mean you will be co-sponsoring the dream act?
Take care of the DREAMERS
Last month? 40 years on the public dole and this is it. #TimesUP Although it'll take an archeological dig to remove this #FossilOfTheSenate
Exactly! You need to reach across the isle and work with Democrats. Not everything Obama did was bad.
Praying for the Senate to get it moving. You are an example of what Senator should be with your actions.
You wouldn't do anything even if your party allowed you to. You're a weak and ineffectual official who only wins because the church allows
Skip the wall. Fund the state department and FEMA.
GOP fears damage from Trump’s move on DACA GOP better fear damage from no tax reform and lying for 7 years about repeal digging a hole
You've been there over 40 years.   I think we know who/what the problem really is.

#SenatorForLife
