A nightmare is what will result if the GOP moves forward with repealing health care for the children of our nation and jeopardizing lives!
Stop lying! Why can't the U S have single payer like the better countries?  Greed!  #Evolve
McConnell lies with the fluidity of a Trump. Humm.
Maybe debate and gather info BEFORE voting, Mitch.
You guys in the white dont give a damn about the people are their children the American people need to drain and clean the swamp
It sure would be great if Senator McConnell could stop lying about the "nightmare". One of the biggest frauds that they've ever pulled.
He's right...continue it baby @SenateMajLdr
Obama's ACA is not a nightmare. GOP  health plan is truly a nightmare. Republicans and Dems alike will suffer because it.
I would love to see Congress use the same plan we do. Watch how fast they'd fix it! Don't they have govt single payer now?? That's ok?
Obamacare gave me maternity benefits w/ $250 cost to have a baby.

Prior to #ACA, I paid $25,000 WITH insurance to have a baby.

#SaveTheACA
You have to realize that they don't think losing healthcare is a nightmare. They think higher taxes for the rich is a nightmare.
I am. It will implode and, hopefully, gov will back completely away from HC. It's not the responsibility of the Gov to fund HC for anyone.
There is no debate,this is the vote.
Yes that nightmare of job growth and halving the uninsured rate, the horror!
Also it's not a nightmare at all. And saying this doesn't make it so. Which is why it's now popular.
Well, the fact that Obamacare is popular is a nightmare for republicans.
Of course, @SenateMajLdr , it is not a nightmare. Also, fuq you.
Jus two my Senators know, I’m fine with continuing the “Obamacare nightmare”.
Any Senator who votes against MTP is voting for the well-being of the people and against dark Koch money flowing into your pockets. We C U.



Why are they just starting a debate now? They've had plenty of time to come up with a good plan.
The only reason why you think it's a nightmare is that you can't live without your huge tax break. It's called greed.
Yeah I don't want people to go back to filing bankruptcy for being sick.
Actually it's telling me that they want me to pay 40,000 for treatment out of my pocket but ok

.
Dear Mr. Mattingly. The nightmare is what the GOP has done to assure that the ACA would not work as designed...by the Heritage Foundation.
But what about the McConnell nightmare?
Any senator who votes yes on Motion to Proceed is just fine with causing pain suffering and Death to millions so the rich get a tax break

Or maybe they don't want to kill their constituents and commit political suicide
@SenateMajLdr you are asking GOP to jump off cliff w/out a parachute cuz you want 2 repeal key piece of legislation by a black man @POTUS44
Millions of us don't want to lose access to affordable health insurance. We are outraged @SenateGOP shows no regard for our families!
Nightmare? Ha! All the "victims" the GOP trotted out just complained about inconvenience & stuff we all deal with forever with insurance.
McConnell addressing the Senate:
Shouldn't there be some hearings first?
Single payer now. Only solution. #KillTheBill
@Perduesenate @SenatorIsakson ... please do support this bill ... Americans will instantly have coverage discontinued ...
That's correct--we are. You war criminal monster. We clear?
Good. Because Obamacare works.
@SenateMajLdr , you must sleep like a baby at night, what with that giant pillow filled with Koch Bros. & Big Pharma $$$ to nuzzle.
Sounds good to me!
Maybe many of us just want to see what's in it before you push it out of the starting gate. If it's bad, why waste time voting? #Healthcare
Is no one able to point out the oftentimes hypocritical statements that he makes? This level of absurdity is just too much.
Thank God! I hope they do vote NO as should you!  8419
@SenateMajLdr this just in: the majority of Americans are fine w-Obamacare! #LongLivetheACA Complete opposite of how we feel about you& @GOP
That's not what a vote against starting debate means. And he knows it.
Says ppl responsible for rewriting history. Government contractor reports this week they've been ordered to do exactly that, online, re ACA.
Yep! What's the @GOP alternative? Even they don't know ...
Any senator who stands up to this kind of hidden, back room, disgraceful and very non-democratic process is an American HERO!
It is such a nightmare that I have health coverage when I would otherwise have none. Please @GOP save me from having any security in my life
.yeah its about time it's repealed it's been 17 damn years that Obamacare has been in place...
No they are not @SenateMajLdr they are saying they oppose this terrible bill which is opposed by 80% of public. What math are you seeing?
WRONG.  I am a dr, voting no on MTP is a stand for actually fixing health system, not McConnell secretive process. #shame
Or maybe they're telling America that they want to keep their jobs and that trumps deathcare is not a good idea.
You are correct except it is not a nightmare.  You & the rest of GOP are our nightmare.  You have not included the Dems @ all. Bad Deal on u
Or telling voters they won't advance a bill drafted w/ no transparency in a backroom that guts health coverage & has a 15% approval rating.
@SenateMajLdr
Actually any @SenateGOP who votes for MTP is telling Americans that they don't care what you want!
@SenateMajLdr and YOU are just fine with killing thousands and harming millions. Shameful, hateful, soulless.
ACA far better than anything R's have come up with in nearly 8 years
Liar. Unscrupuled. Spineless. Turtle.
Wow! Any senator that votes this backroom bill is playing politics with peoples lives #Killrhebill
I wonder @SenateMajLdr if you think Obama will appear if you keep repeating "Obamacare nightmare" just fix it. Not Beetlejuice
What "nightmares" have existed in this GOP plan, that was not caused by @GOP obstructionism? Anyone?
#VoteNoMTP
Trump Care = #Nightmare Care
Support at 17 percent. A vote to debate is a vote to hurt people. Let's help the 3 mil on bad exchanges. Not hurt everyone else.
Time to shut down the GOP Nightmare Care. Need public option.
ACA is a god send to me, and my son. Single Mom of medically complex child!
In 2017, it is time for health care for all and not just for rich or healthy people. We need a public option to strengthen the ACA markets.
@SenateMajLdr is lying and you know it @SenAlexander a no vote means healthcare is important enough for actual committee hearings. Please no
Trump said same thing yesterday
Obamacare IS a nightmare- if you're a rich guy who thinks the poorer classes deserve no help & gov is forcing you to pay for them
Ojalá lleguen a un acuerdo razonable ....
They contributed to ACA nightmare b/c they couldn't stand a Black man accomplishing anything. Let's just call it as it is.
@senorrinhatch Or you know, actually drafting a bill that could address problems with the ACA.
Very irresponsible to vote on something you don't know what you are voting on
Lemmings sprinting for the cliff
Or for proper procedure and not knee-jerk response to a POTUS he despised.
Wrong. Simply wrong.
McConnell is a liar.
So they're calling it an "icebreaker." Except this icebreaker means Medicaid disappears, millions die, and trump's ego gets his "win"
Well that's 1 interpretation. It could mean they care about all the people who will get thrown off ins if they vote yes.
No, Sen. McConnell, YOU'RE the nightmare.
Their nightmare:
AK, call Sen @lisamurkowski now!  202-224-6665 
Obamacare was a dream come true for me when I was suddenly widowed and had a 4 year old son to support on my own.
No sir, voting against starting debate is voting against taking care from millions. Vote down MTP, then bipartisan solutions to improve ACA
Bobby,

7 Years to offer improvements from the GOP. Why do you think they would start now?
.@SenateGOP Would you drive a bus filled w/ constituents full speed down a highway into thick fog? No? Then vote NO on the healthcare bill.
Im pretty sure Republicans just want to repeal the name Obamacare. Can we just change the name of it and move on already
Any that vote for it shows they are  fine with letting people die that wouldn't have
Any senator who voted against hearing Garland told America they’re just fine with flouting norms and laws.
i honestly think that there is SO much money floating to them for promoting trump/russia's agenda, that they'll do anything for it.
Not A Nightmare
The "nightmare" that now has a +50% approval in opinion polls? Gee, how stupid would that be!
= "if you vote for your constituents or your conscience, we will come after you"
No they are telling America that DESPITE their opposition to Obamacare, any incarnation of THIS bill is so much WORSE.
So not true.  It truth seems irrelevant in America today.
