& COMMIN SENSE gun legislation right @GabbyGiffords  or should we ask survivors of SANDY HOOK PEOPLE w Mental illness should NOT own 
I presume you've never purchased a gun, so I'll let you in on a little hint. Mental health questions already part of the background check
It's now easier to purchase 's right @realDonaldTrump
You'll have to actually read it. It just fixes an overbroad classification of mental illness
It’s the argument made famous by Ann Coulter: "Guns don’t kill people, the mentally ill do."
Nay, he is an white supremacist ass hole.
Mr. President @POTUS

GOD BLESSED Mr @SteveScalise 
he made excellent progress in his recovery (gunshot)

https://twitter.com/MedStarWHC/status/890237102536916993 …

#MAGA #2A
tu devrais interdit la vente des arme d'assaut . et faire saisie celle qui circule dans les rue. situ veux vraiment d'un pays de paix.
Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter...
@gcamp4 #PRAYERS
My prayers r w Steve & his family.
Cuide bem do seu País e dos Militares pois eles merecem. A nação mais potente do Planeta precisa continuar pensando gd. Isso aí.
dear potus trump,i thought this would interest you
Please keep doing what you are doing. We've got my our six POTUS
Great man
So about gun control?
Prayers Are Going Up  #Scalise
Thoughts &prayers for Rep. Scalise. Now @realDonaldTrump u have 2 stop ur violent &abusive rhetoric. This is what happens when u dog whistle
Thank you for your support and Happy birthday!
Sending prayers
Already did but it won't be the only time.
Amen
He's got great health care.  Too bad my family's coverage will be gone soon with your GOP plan.
Your most appropriate and best tweet since being president.
Finally... now I can go have the best chocolate cake you people have never had and 3 scoops of ice cream.
Thank you for representing all of us, Mr. President!
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 7 Months, 5 Days, 15 Hours, 18 Minutes, and 14 Seconds
I Love OUR President
wow an unselfish tweet!
Praying for Steve!  Father God, touch Steve now with your healing power.  Give the doctors wisdom on how to stop the bleeding. In Jesus Name
Meanwhile democrats are donating their blood in DC
Happy birthday to the greatest President in U.S. History!!!
Ha hahahahhhhhahahha!
So good of you and Melanie to visit.  Stay safe.
Praying for entire USA. Already I've heard many Dems talk of gun laws....everybody is alive xcpt bad guy....#GOODGUYSWITHGUNS
They must've gave you some really good drugs at that hospital. Reads like a mishmash of grammar levels.
sending my thoughts and prayers
is it helping?
because of people like you, they weren't able to bring guns to Va, to protect themselves against a crazed Democrat.
Sending prayers to him and his family. We are with him. It's time for this country to come together.
Shame on you little boy Shawn.
He doesn't need our prayers he has Champs!
( AKA Good Health Care that covers him no matter what)!
Praying in Idaho 
You are an amazing leader and person President Trump!

Bernie is a misrible old commie
We're calling for a complete and total ban of all white males entering the country
Anybody question what religion he is? Of course not. He's white.
Well, it's really funny
You normally get Partisan Posts, but I can support this. Please keep this about the victims, not the Politics.
Best to him and his family 
I always liked Steve and I hope he makes a full recovery!!! This was a tragic event which I blame partially on the MSM.  They still hate u:/
Thank you, Mr. President.  Happy birthday wishes, sir & GB!
your are investigated FOR OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE,,,my advise go back to the hospital and fake diarrhea  cause soon u gonna have it for REAL!
Prayers for him!! 
http://trump2017.weebly.com/ 
Video:
While Arab countries fight #terrorism, #Qatar continues to support and finance ArmedGroups
https://youtu.be/jaguVi7a0c0 
@theqatarinsider
Fake News @acosta at it again tonight! Sent out tweet lying about POTUS hospital visit & then had to correct when called on it! Disgusting!
You're being investigated by Mueller for obstruction of justice. Happy birthday, orange boy.

He's a stupid ass. Now let's ignore him.
Isn't it unsafe for the President of the United States to live tweet his location as he moves around?
only for him
Time to label @CNN as a terror organization. They are insighting terror and radicalizing domestic terrorists.
Interesting that Scalise spent the majority of his career devoted to making guns easier to get, including a law allowing mentally ill
Don't give Steve any vaccines!  Some believe it causes the autisms!
How about dealing with North Koreans who beat the shit out of Otto?
shut up
Great call President
Praying fervently for him, Mr. President.
You can't  even spell the poor man's name right Don!! Doubt your at all sincere.
I am soo sorry for the man being shot. But in a way, this will bring the nation together. Trump's divide and concour sceme is dangerous!
- Prayers -

PRAYING FOR HIM, YOU AND AMERICA!  GOD BLESS OUR AMERICAN HEROES!!
Praying for his recovery, but he once referred t himself as "david duke without baggage"  #concerning
Good thin he has Health Care like Millions of Americans will NOT once you and your azzhat friends are done.
My thoughts and prayers are with him and his family Mr President
This was truly a tragedy. But your party want to arm everyone in the US - including the mentally unstable.
I do pray for him and his family. I wonder if Hillary, Obama, lynch, Comey, Pelosi, Schumer, Mueller & others are doing the same.
Greatness
yes.
Prayers
pray for Donald more like. He's in big, big twouble ;)
was that your trying to do something a la Putin way, to whom may know too much? #IWonder
I will pray for him for sure ! So sad! Tell him I hope he's doing better! Luv Diane, Cj , and Alex Miles Payne!
You never saw him. Another lie. You cannot tell any truth anymore. So many lies, so much deflection. So GUILTY
@SteveScalise Praying for him! #MAGA Get well soon...
How about some kind words for that young capitol police agent. Did you stop by and visit with her and her wife???
Praying for S. Scalise. This shouldn't have happened. Can't believe all the Haters we have in the USA. It's getting worse.Too many Nut Jobs.
According to the media you didn't even see him. You only went for the photo op, just like during the campaign when you went to Louisiana
You fired Comey and you and you admin lied about the reasons why...proof #2.
#lyingcat #lyingtrump #asscravat  Prayer is useless.
prayers for steve scalise
Amen
Maybe we should get him a doctor just in case your prayers are actually to Satan because you're the antichrist
I'm praying for you Mr.Scalise , God bless you and your family 
we will keep praying for a speedy recovery
Yes I've been praying for him since I first heard. Thank you for standing strong despite the liberal attacks.
And a Bernie Sanders supporter did this?  Why didn't he take out Hillary!
We pray for Steve and pray for you to stop showing off. Git some where and sit down. Zip those lips. Stop spouting so much fake trash.
Praying for Steve
Oops :(
Sad and all but "one of the truly great people" shouldn't you just say a great guy
Praying for Rep. Scalise and family.
I pray for the USA. I don't think it will survive you.
Lord God heal all those that were hurt.amen.
CNN MSNBC incited this like WR Hearst incited the murder of McKinley- get reciprocal concealed carry passed that will provide the needed fix
Prayers on Pres
Rep Scalise and the GOP deserve DEATH 
Matthew: 24. 24.
Still waiting for your statement about the Portland murders.
He wanted second  amendment solutions. He got one.
Dem party shooter, seemed to know that Steve Scalise is the Saint for unprotected children. He didn't like God's hand on it. Suspicious-???
Why have you made no comments in any other shooting or tragedy except this one since January 20th?
He has my prayer and I admire you even more for going to see him on your birthday
GODSPEED ! Mr. Steve
Calling on all Christians... As the scripture States... Pray for our leaders!
Trumpie Poo you are through. The whole shit show is coming to light. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Those directly responsible for the shootings against the Republican congressman they are CNN NBC ABC CBS MSNBC NY Times Washington Post
Didn't you just say he'd fully recover Dr. Trump? What went wrong with your educated prognosis?
Praying....
Prayers for Steve, his family and America ~ very dark days.  God help us
Pray for Steve & pray for our WONDERFUL PRESIDENT TRUMP 
I pray for gun control to keep guns away from mental ill people, like the one who shot Scalise.  Too bad you can't understand that.
This should never happen
I'm praying that our government would make mental health treatment more available and affordable than guns!
Oh yeah!  I'll second that!
He will be in my prayers tonight and in my Yoga classes
Did you apologize to him for all your hateful rhetoric that is in-sighting violence and division ?!

He is a hero!!! 2/3rds of America wish you were in his shoes and nobody would visit you!! You illegitimate corrupt fraud!!!!!!
Scalise , the guy who voted for lessening the vetting of gun buyers.... MAGA!
Couldn't care less about you or your cronies!!!
At least you can now claim one admirable thing you've done for anyone as POTUS. See how easy that was....
I'm praying that Hillary's next shit is a hedgehog 
As President, you have to bring both camps together. .take care out there.  If you need any WV Vets for Capitol Hill let us know.
Why would you do that! Bringing your entourage through the hospital. How inconsiderate of the rest of the patients. Bad
Prayer won't help...
Prayers said 
Lifting him and family up in prayer.
Prayers
I hope you were not joking about shooting someone.
I bet that you just met him.
Amen y Amen
Just let our NEW President Run the country .
You are such a liar. You may have gone to the hospital but you never visited Scalise. You probably caught MRSA, or CDiff.
We  need you
I'll pray for him never to have to see you again
Nothing fails like prayer. Pass gun sensible gun control #EndGunViolence
This. Is. Your. Fault.
Prayers
Prayers
According to your own WH, you never saw Scalise. Man...you lie about everything. SAD!
In our prayers!
You went to visit him? Hasn't he suffered enough?
I will pray.  This is the first real post of yours I agree with.  I will also pray for humility for you.  You sure could use it.
Why haven't you condemned the very white person who did this?
I pray for Steve Scalise AND that you stop tweeting and FOCUS

Happy Birthday President Trump! Keep doing the amazing job you've been doing since day one! We love everything you've done for us do far!!
You lie. You didn't visit Scalise in the hospital.
1. I guess that the question is, if politics is all about P.R., where does the P.R. end, and the fundamentalism begin?
Fm Caesar prod. website: "band of patriots devoted to democracy oppose leader bent on absolute power." Clearly intended to offend & incite.
President Trump, thank you for truly caring so much.  I hope one day soon that your non- supporters realize that you love all Americans!
Did he mention the black cops who saved him? Did he mention one was a married lesbian who he would like to deny marriage?
Good thing you didn't make cuts to his health care... he will need it. Thank goodness he has it. Think about it for all people.
You better rethink the 2nd amendment. That is why your buddy got shot the other day. Hope he does not die.
Thank you for your service and bravery. I know that you will get well Mr.Scalise
Probably glad when you left. You are the cause of the split in the US.
So, can we have that discussion about guns now?
Steve should have fought for stricter gun laws and so should've you.
So sorry sending healing to all that love him
The shallow nature of the left still shows in their trolling.
Karma is a bitch huh... 

