Then do something for those children besides Amen. Our prayers are that you WILL help them, and not with bombs. YOU have the power. Do it.
In 2013, 1500 of God's children were murdered by Assad you prevented @BarackObama bombing. What's changed except party affil. & skin color?
You felt so badly for them in 2013 you opposed a military strike. Hypocrite.
But you weren't ok when Obama wanted to do it? How's that?
Hypocrite 
but you won't let them come here.
You're a hypocrite in 2013 when Obama wanted to move on Syria you apposed it!!
plz, never run for office again
taking with blood of innocent ppl on your hands, thinking your terror is justice is just gross. You should be ashamed.
So is is now your moral obligation to fight to allow these children of God safe asylum the US.

Amen.
So you support admitting Syrian refugees?
YOUR CORRUPTION SICKENS US ALL.
Forgot the Amen
Open the doors to more refugees then, or sit down and shut up.
Nothing that Trump did yesterday will change anything for or stop an abuse to a Syrian child of God.
proud of AMERICAN FOR STANDING UP. WE VOTED THE RIGHT LEADER FOR THIS GREAT NEW AMERICA.
This comes a few hundred thousand civilian deaths after you opposed intervention in 2013. What changed, other than the party of the Pres.?
And why can't these "children of God" be offered refuge in this country?
And the horror of being a #SyrianRefugee with no mercy from #Potus #DeceivingDonald
So…Welcone them and their families to emigrate here?
what a hypocrite you & the rest of your colleagues are. Deny them entry, let them be gassed, don't let Obama act but now you're okay w/it?
You should be ashamed of this tweet especially knowing you denied any action being taken in 2013.

You're a hypocrite and a liar.
I see now they only become children of God if they're gassed. But yet he said he would tell those same children of God they're not welcomed.
Why did you oppose Obama's actions in 2013 for airstrikes? Because GOP decided they were going to block everything the black man did.
you were quoted by @CNN
while, @POTUS44 is in office right?  Now, your ready 2 bomb cuz of the suffering, but refuse BABIES entry. Hypocrisy. #Syria. Live w/self?
Just so rump could pound his chest. But he killed a Navy Seal & these kids+others, instead. Then GOP called it a success!
how can you think you're the good guys here? You killed four children, while there's not even a prove of a sarin attack.

In 2013, @OrrinHatch opposed Obama's Syria strike authorization after Assad killed 1500 
http://www.hatch.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/releases?ID=0ef6ced8-3f93-4e72-9c82-3fa044540353 ……
Fraud! @senorrinhatch
What about the refugees drowning fleeing this terror?
Same guy you're quoting won't allow their refugees here. But hey, semantics!!!
REALLY? What about the babies at Sandy Hook? What have you done for them? Let me help. NOTHING!
Except under a democrat?
So your going to allow Syrian refugees into America right?
Unless obama is president
"I was a stranger and you invited me in" Open our doors to these children of God. Don't use God as an excuse to kill, but not to care.
Shame. Just shame
But if that child isn't born in America,  they can die via poison gas and missile strikes... you bring the book Hunger Games to life.
Where were u in 2013? Or last week for that matter! #LIAR #GOPgarbage
Lying hypocritical Prig and GreedPig RESIGN
So why deny Obama the use of force when Asaad did this in 2013???????????????????????????????????????????????
But fuck those children of Allah, right?
They're refugees now. How many can we bundle up for you?
Which God are you referring to? Does this mean Syrians are no liner skittles?
Except the ones just bombed?
But you are turning them away when they try to escape the horror. That's despicable hypocrisy. You are politicizing their deaths.
thou bloodless, mollusc-eyed hypocrite.
Why can these children of God not be welcomed into our country as refugees?
Then you should resign immediately. This nation has been suffering under your partisan antics for as long as I can remember.
And what about the children of God in South Sudan? Mali? Somalia? Yemen? Or in other conflicts around the world?
Yet in September 2013 you said...? Fill us all in here Senator. #hypocrite #liar
Yet you vote to keep them out....your but a puppet Hatch
Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ will bless those who suffer and they will bless us as well
Guess it depends who is POTUS at the time
D&C 98, Orrin.  D&C 98. 

You'll never learn.
Go away.
Who are you talking to?
Hatch. Lost trust in him years ago.
Why?
He's talks right, walks left, and tonight echoes the McCains and Grahams.
When we bring those kids and what's left of their families to America I might then believe you mean this!!
Was that your comment too, after Trump's botched Yemen Raid killed many children (and women) one week into his presidency? Do they count?
Assad has been murdering his people for years. The"President" has shut the door on them as well as millions of other Muslim children of God.
hypocrite
I'm one who stands with you, Senator!
I have an issue with you talking about God. You are so far from God like.
You have no right to invoke G-d!!  YOU are not a true Christian. Don't insult kind, compassionate Christians by including urself w/ them.
There is no God.
Then perhaps we should be offering refuge to these children? You are such a hypocrite!
Then maybe you should have voted for intervention in 2013?
Hypocrisy from a hypocrite. U and ur party seem to only find religion on humantitarian issues when you are gearing up for invasion.
Remembering same charade in build up to disastrous Iraq invasion. Repulican Party is the party of war, lies, and greed.
Or any child of man! Which ones by the way? The ones we've killed or the ones Assad killed? I forget. There's so many.
Yeah, TOO BAD HE DIDN'T DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT, JUST SAT BACK & LET IT HAPPEN. What a great and "loving" god he is, right?
Whom's God tho
OK now we agree.
Of course, it is much more "Christlike" to exploit the victims so American missiles can make more...Nothing like a war to placate the masses
Unless they want to come here, then screw them. Right Orrin?
So, why can't that poor, war-torn child of God find refuge in our country?
Just don't seek refuge in the USA, Syrian refugees not welcome.  Can you spell hypocrite?
But let's stop those children from escaping the horror with a Muslim ban.
They've been suffering such horrors for 6 years...
You opposed intervention in 2013, so did Trump. And if you care so much, why ban Syrian refugees?
But do not let them seek refuge in the US. You are a disgrace.
Or the horrors that go on here.. like hunger, homelessness, healthcare, poverty... and police brutality, racism, Muslim ban.. gun violence..
Even the "terrorists" that you and your ilk want to close the door to? The ones you monsters want to deny refuge to?
Totally agree, yet at the same time a ban to disallow "them" to immigrate to America. Hypocrisy
So, you'll bomb their country, but not let them come to the United States as refugees?  What a humanitarian!
He didn't think the excuse through properly 
But don't let them in here to mingle with us pure Christian Americans! #syria #Refugees 

Fucking pathetic, hateful hypocritical #gop
Your words are cheap, Sen. You oppose children refugees, educ for kids, healthcare for kids, clean air & water for kids, food for kids...
Yeah? Where's your fucking outcry for all the African children starving to death? No oil or weapons money to be made there I suppose.
Beheadings in a Saudi town square?
RUSSIA GAVE THE GAS FOR THE KILL. RUSSIA INFORMED BEFORE STRIKE. RUSSIANS ARE LEADING US TO WAR!
Hypocrit
You're a coward, Orin
IT'S YOU. YOU MADE  'TERRORISTS' BY YOUR OWN  STATE  TERROR!  ISLAMIC' STATES'' CACHE.
Please retire
We could've gotten those children out of there months ago and welcomed them to American shores.
Yes. Thank god a right wing pigeon is now on the Supreme Court The callous hatred of @senorrinhatch is sickening. He will wake up in Hell
You and your party are some of the most glaring hypocrites on the planet - go away.
correct. And yet our country & allies have been maiming & killing children under your watch, for years. You're a hypocrite.
You are a monster, we will remember.
They seem to be invoking religion inappropriately while taking cruel and deadly stance against these same children as refugees
A white guy ordered the bombing so now it's ok? As long as you've been in office & this is how you want to be remembered? A Trumpkin?
Still playing the race card.
GFY
You are a MF'er
This is rich given that you and Donald are some of the most godless ppl on this planet.
and will you let these same children you are praying for seek refuge in the United States
Please include those that suffer on ssd below the poverty line. #SocialSecurityincreaseplease
Will you do something to help these dear children instead of bombing/blockading their food supply???
#YemenChildren Outcrying, screaming &calling upon the #world 2 END #Saudi siege on #Hodaidah port
#EndYemenSiege
those kids suffering because the milities of Houthis and Iran ... Iran and milities killing them evryday
Then why did you oppose action in 2013?
Should they be banned from the United States?
We are all suffering with this POTUS! And the GOP!
Keep your god and your prayers out of my congress.
Why did you oppose intervention in 2013?
PURE POLITICS.
He's a thieving, lying, dishonorable scumbag - always has been, always will be.
cc: @HadiAlabdallah @SyrCoalition @AleppoAMC @7assonRevo @mariodumont @BlocQuebecois @martineouellet @francediplo @SenTomCotton

- God xx:)
*bans syrian refugees from entering the united states*
Yet you won't let them in our country!
"So let's start a war and make sure more children of God suffer" . . . or something.
