a disservice to the American people. Keep it up.skes u look bad
you should wait until after the investigation of Russian Ties. The water is too muddied now.
Is this any way to run our country?
he will bite no to Anyone the Rep nominate he is in no way a patriot and should be ashamed
You have another Harry Reid on your hands.
sour geapes
just like all you gops refuse to vote for anyone from Obama for the same reason, you are all corrupt get out
Agree!!!!! They will continue to try and obstruct anything Republicans try to do...Dems lie, use scare tactics, put their own
Yep, why should they when Republicans stole the seat?
fillibuster. Hey GOP choose from Obamas nominations only.
@SenSchumer needs to go! So over his constant temper tantrums!!
and it wasn't a "stolen" seat!Democrats would of pulled the same stunt on republicans if rolls had been reversed
As long as the GOP places money and party before people and country, there's no reason to approve your nominees.
orrin. You know you will be voted out. Soon but not soon enough.
and criminals, lawlessness, multi-culturism above the PEOPLE!!!
agenda above the American People, What is best for USA. They support govt control, govt dependence, refugees, illegals,......
Oh, you mean like the republicans did with Obama's nominees.
Thanks for speaking out! These Dems are a disgrace to their party and their country.
Agreed he is a great choice. The Dems and @SenSchumer are out of touch with the majority of Americans.
Don't worry about it, go nuclear and have clear sailing for next pick. Yes, dems will also when they get in.
Do u really not know that this is the reality? Dems have no intentions to vote for any GOP nom, accept it and act accordingly
Let this sink in Party Boss, Trump is under investigation for TREASON. Stop this hearing resolve that issue
He's clearly anti-American
Schumer is a loser.
Block #Gorsuch since Senate would not hold hearings for Obamas nomination
gorsuch is in..nuclear option...filibuster all u want Schumer...
senator Hatch have you ever heard of anything called payback !!
They said they would Obstruct& delay, their sticking together, would B nice 2 see Republicans do the same! Solidarity No Egos
but, me hatch, he is getting a hearing. You have no room to talk.
Not good. Stop playing games. Let Gorsuch in. Sounds like a good and fair jurist.
ok, enough...nuclear it is...so tired of these dems
@realDonaldTrump Use the nuclear option.
Maybe they shouldn't until Merrick Garland gets a hearing. Fix what you broke, Senator.
then nuclear option is justified!
Schumer the face of evil. What is he doing for his voters now ? Nothing. Example of New York values
@realDonaldTrump Stop all this BS.  Go the nuclear option and vote Gorsuch and all future judges in with 51 votes. NOW !!!!!!
if you can't vote for Garland, you'll never vote for any nom from a Dem. Utah voter in 84106. You are a partisan hypocrite
Unfortunately Schumer is Pelosi's gopher in the Senate. Can't make a move without her consent.
Shmucky is a sore loser. A real partisan hack.
Schumer is an obstructionist, plain and simple. He must put out to pasture.
nuke em
GARLAND!
Not from the lying cheating GOP!
so, kind of like the GOP did you mean?
you need to retire you memory appears to be hypocritically short! #TermLimits
oh, much the way you wouldn't hold a hearing a garland #hypocrisy
American's are sick and tired of the head clown!
that would probably be correct
U should be against this nom until Russia investigation is complete.
U made us go a year w/o that seat being filled, what's a couple more months?
Certain Democrats wouldn't vote for a GOP nominee even if it was the same guy Obama nominated for the simple fact of who was
nominating him. Qualifications be damned, they just want their living rubber band Constitution without amendments
Maybe it has nothing to do w/GOP nom & everything to do w/the man who nominated him & questions about how he got his power.
Chuck Schumer has lost touch with reality. Chuck Schumer can no longer be a representative for any group of people !!!
@RickAndKim30yrs IDIOT
u should retire u stole more then most 
#gay4gorsuch
Schumer needs to shut up! #hypocrite
just like you wouldn't for a Dem nominee
.@senorrinhatch #IndependentCommission #shutdown all legislative process AND #gorsuchHearing #NOVOTES until findings released
well I guess just like Garland, no vote. Hypocrite
.@senorrinhatch No Senator should vote until FBI investigation concludes. It is desservice to Americans and Gorsuch. #illigetimate.
BULLSHIT.... VOTE FOR GORSUCH
Not true. How many GOP presidents have been under FBI criminal investigation? How many seats have been stolen?
Agreed. All the DEMs want to do is obstruct, not participate in governing. Push them aside and get to work.
If Dems follow this foolish advice they hang themselves upon own petard...Don't DARE make deal w/ Dem leadership WE WILL know
Hmm @senorrinhatch then GOP should come back from the far right. Your guy thinks Hobby Lobby's religion is more important than womens health
Since this @GOP @POTUS is a sociopathic traitor, that blanket statement doesn't exactly apply.
MERRICK GARLAND SHOULD BE VOTED ON YOU FASCIST SOCIOPATH
You started this bullshit.  You can't complain when it stinks!
***MERRICK GARLAND***
Merrick Garland
Didn't you like Merrick Garland once? Before Obama liked him of course. Hypocrite!
With one exception of course: the nominee whose seat it is: Merrick Garland.
Nuke 'em.
Not for a #StolenSeat.
