60 votes should have been used. It's now our time to organize to oust all you Republicans. You blocked Garland & now ramrod Gorsuch. 11/18!
Trot out your token black Senator to shill for you. Tim Scott beware the end game. You are worthy of respect#whiteprivilege
Untrue .  Funded by dark money, does not make it priority to meet with fem senators, plagiarist, extremely pro business
At the expense of people.  And he is too conservative, not mainstream.  That is why GOP cheated the process to get him approved.  Wake up!
Constitution states appointed by President with advice/consent of Senate. Nothing about 60 votes. Reid changed tradition of 60 years back.
Understood.  Not practiced.  Why are they calling it a 'nuclear' option?  Because it is business as usual?  No!  Be sure it is extreme.
Political opposition is the activism of the majority of voters who oppose your fascism. You ignore the will of the majority who aren't GOP.
Bullshit. 

Plagiarism is supposed to be a disqualifier, you degenerates.
Or on a dislike for lying about blatant bias and need for investigation of possible plagiarism
GO SCOTT
He's a plagiarist
So you must believe corporations are people even though the founding fathers and Constitution did not provide them rights? #peoplefirst
Notice your leaving out what this man stands for.just like med.ins will be available cost too much GOP conservative without a conscious
think about the Nuclear Option even when most Americans are AGAINST IT! How do you sleep at night? 
Centuries of history built on the American trust & thousands of military families sacrificed...How dare you even
Well that's rich coming from the party that blocked Garland.
Qualified yes. Legitimate no. You have poisoned the court for years to come. It wasn't Trump's pick.
Judge #MerrickGarland was also more than qualified. What's your point?
Oh good, we will still get #gorsuch news even though it's in the past
LIARS! The American People will not believe your lies ANYMORE!
When I hear uninformed uneducated people say Democrats started the #NuclearOption I say FUCK YOU ASSHOLES! 
Yassa Massa.
Same with Merrick Garland.  Way to choose party bullshit over country.
@JudgeNGorsuch doesn't have the votes for confirmation-GOP has to change the rules. #ILLEGITIMATESCOTUS justice
GOP will never be forgiven for Merrick Garland mess
*cough*hypocrisy*cough*
#MerrickGarland was also qualified.
You never cared about America! Even if it means destroying what our Founding Fathers have built to protect us!
Actually it's based on his rather horrible record, especially in regard to women and minorities who make up the actual majority of the U.S.
Look in the mirror
#MerrickGarland
NO ONE is buying this load of turds! When 45 is #ImpeachTrump will that make Gorsuch fruit of a poisonous tree and we can chuck him out too!
Garland was more than qualified. His obstruction was purely political. #FlipCongress2018
Hypocrisy! Dat's wat u did with Garland. Partisan is what's wrong in Washington. Swamp has not been drained!
Garland was more qualified.  Why no vote on Garland?
He might be more than qualified but when you don't answer all the questions asked you just don't know. Stop the bullshit.
We will show at the polls like never before and vote you out, #GOP. Ur ignoring the majority of voters and U are playing politics. Byebye
Actually plagarizing an article on dying with dignity makes him unqualified. As does telling a man he should have frozen to death.
Thank you Senator! The voice of calm reason amongst the cacophony of leftist Democrat hysteria.
So was #Garland, you hypocrites! #noprobenorobe
Lying cheating Republicans
.He's so qualified you had to bend the rules to get him approved. Wonder if you'll have enough for Trump's next vile pick or is Koch picking
You mean like how qualified Merrick Garland was when you wouldn't meet with him you coward.
What's wrong with that. It okay to stonewall President Obama at every turn, but now it's a problem when Dems do the same. Double standard???
The same applies to not allowing consideration of an equally qualified nominee. MERRICK GARLAND. GOP=Hypocrites
Maybe siding with gorsuch is purely political. There is more then one lense to view things
Sure because plagiarism and being owned by corporate entities is qualifying. Yep, very GOP of you, hypocrisy and no integrity.
Sorry not true. He shouldn't be confirmed and you shouldn't have changed the rules after two centuries to do so.
DO YOUR JOB and follow the laws - don't change them to suit your agenda. A sad day in American history indeed.
just wanted to wait until the end of the FBI investigation, #PurchasedParty knows that will end badly. Midterms are coming to oust you
@OversightDems @GOPoversight Is it legal/ethical for @IvankaTrump advise @POTUS and get security clearance?
So true   I'm so tired of how childlike these so called adults you all should be ashamed of yourselves don't forget who you work for.
You have just RUINED THE COUNTRY!  Good Job Republicans!!
Wrong!!!  Corporations were granted personhood because of Gorsucb.  A terrible decision with adverse impacts to people, elections, etc.
got it GOP does what they want Dems just have to live with it maybe changes 2018 2020 whole world doesnt'admire behavior of GOP with power
Merrick Garland was qualified.
like political opposition started from day 1 of Obama Admin & Mitch made up rule of his final yr dont' get to nom to SJC okay u can we can't
U r a leader please step up and lead our party we are losing to democrats even with majority
So your point is... Tim Scott reads almost as well as he stutters? 
# you got that right Senator Scott sad how government playing politics
Shame on the Senate. Shame! Shame!  Not American.  Not Democratic.
Thank you Senator Scott
No it is based on the man and the man only! Most Americans do not support Gorsuch!
Most deplorables do
04-06-2017 : If that last four would've said 1800 something You would be correct! And Plagiarism? REALLY?
So the whole Merrick Garland thing wasn't political....? Definition of #HYPOCRITES ...look it up
In past 80 yrs no elec yr appointment until after election check it out
Wait you want a strict Constitutionalist as a SCOTUS justice, but then don't want to follow the Constitution when it comes to selecting one.
Lies.
You really shouldn't give Putin's guy in the White House a scotus nom
The Dems are behaving like an ex-lover. They are cutting off their nose to spite their face.
We plan to cut off a lot more. Cut off the GOP.
You are that person. Who cares if it hurts the country?  Have a nice life.
Because plagiarism is no big deal to Lying, cheating a Republicans??
#MerrickGarland @gop are all about party over constitution. sad!
More than qualified ! Vote him in and move on to your egg hunt holiday !
Wrong.
