MASSIVE TAX CUTS FOR VICIOUS RICH REPUBLICANS,Vicious DeVos, Cruel Kochs, Merciless Mercers, Brutal Adelson, only CRUCIFIXION FOR US @sltrib
Trickle down Reaganomics=husband laid off, almost lost home, kids slept on couch, closed off upstairs, can't afford heat. Remember that pls
Pro-growth - trickle down buzzword for cutting taxes for the wealthy! This is a bad idea! Cut taxes for poor and middle and raise on wealthy
The poor don't pay taxes. The top 5% pay 80% of all taxes. Do U think paying 60% of you pay to the Fed, State & local Gov fair?
I don't care what you call it, it's still FAILED trickle down econ that has made the rich richer and the rest poorer. NO MORE TAX CUTS
The rich get richer and the poor “poorer” because the rich know what they are doing and the poor dont
WRONG!The rich get richer bc they use their2 squeeze the poor so that they stay poor,by using loopholes & abusing the laws by buying GOP!
You dont know what a loophole is nor have any understanding of the world
U R right!What do I know?Loopholes R parts of laws Corp.use 2 pay less taxes!They R not braking the law but bending & abusing it!We ppl pay!
I never insulted
U insulted my intelligence by telling me I didn't know what a loophole was,& erroneously stating I didn't understand the "world".Meant word?
Knowledge=\= intelligence. Also, pointing out facts that are pertinent and relevant is not insulting by definition
Your same old TRICKLE DOWN SCAM doesn't work. Does NOT create jobs. Just helping your rich donors
For God's sake, you can't assume growth in your budget models! @GOP #TaxReform tells us they can cut & rely on bigger GDP. Irresponsible.
Eh. Economics tells us exactly what creates growth
It tells us what likely causes growth, but you can't assume that it is inevitable or that the growth you produce is taxable good for all.
There is an extremely high likelyhood that its better than whatever a centrally planned economy could chalk up
Well, sure. But who is talking about centrally planned economy?? Not as if options are limited libertarian hellscape or communist tyranny.
Deciding which companies get huge tax deductions is a centrally planned economy
Not really. But how is that relevant? My point, again, is that GOP tax & budget plan assumes revenue that does not exist. That is dangerous.
It has nothing to do with revenue...
#DitchMitch  ORRINHATCH=RINO
George W. Bush passed massive tax cuts. It did not lead to economic growth. It was followed a few years later by the COLLAPSE OF 2008.
What massive Tx cuts? Perhaps U forget he took office in a recession, 9 months later 9/11 & economy tanked. R U equating tx cut w 08 recess?
You CANNOT cut taxes HOPING for growth. You are going to send us into RECESSION AGAIN. Ruin lives
Oh Orin.
Reducing taxes under Reagan and GW Bush didn't stimulate growth. Only made the Rich richer.
Difficult to believe that you all will pass tax reform considering your failure on health care. Will McCain torpedo tax reform as well?
The rich will get richer and the worker poorer
Get it approved fast. O Connell  better do it or let Trump replace him with Democrat votes.
I agree however what chance dis it have with those Republicans in the "Frredom Caucus" who want there own way.  Ryan should target them all
Does...freedom...their. 3 misspelled words in one tweet!  'There' also counts as a grammatical error! Good job, but I've seen worse. Bot?
2 think that these ppl voted  in2 WH!It shows the ignorance R government has created 4 last 40 yrs!System drove ppl 2 have 2 work not edu!
Not if you kill millions of Americans off due to lack of available healthcare. Vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill .
Said Kansas.  Before students sued them for their inequality on education spending.  And lack of economic growth showed the failures.
Lower middle class taxes - too much money went out the window to illegals - welfare recipients I see in my area who are able bodied!!!

Those who learn nothing from history....
Any time a Republican talks about moving the economy forward, the are talking how much money they can make from the taxpayers.
A pro-growth #tax plan is trickle down economics by another name and will only move the #rich forward.

Fixed it for you!
What are you, like 90?? The founders did not mean for serving in Washington to be a career. You bunch of grifters are a joke #SellYourSoul
Off subject but do you guys have any clue how pissed off your conservative base is right now?
NOT BE4  TAX RETURNS R MADE PUBLIC!We the ppl deserve 2 be heard & U MUST listen & follow through!DO UR JOB,STOP COVERING UP 4  & GOP!
I'm not sure that the Senate GOP can pass anything without the DNC's help. Purge the rhinos.
LIARS, LIARS, LIARS
a tax plan where the 1% and corps. pay their fair share will move the economy forward.
This is going to lead us right back to 2008 again The GOP learned nothing
Obviously you are misinformed. The 08 recession had nothing 2 do with tax cuts. Did Reagan's & Clinton's tax cuts lead 2  debacles like '08?
Tax code complicated-got it.  How are your changes fairer?  Lay it out to the public.   Rich do not need to get richer.
Get it done. 8 months in an nothing.
Sen Hatch get tax reform them if you do retire you did as a winner not a loser!
Dont belueve a word fake news
I would like to see Donald Trump tax return to see how much he will benefits from this tax cut.
If he ever paid taxes!Why do U think he refuses 2 release the returns?They show all of his dealings & all the loopholes he used & abused!
What you call a pro-growth tax plan will enrich members of Congress and throw the rest of us under the bus.
Picture on magazine boardroom pop star
Pinstripe prophet of peckerhead greed
You say Trust me with the money -- the keys to the universe...
No more trickle down Reaganomics making the rich & corporations richer. Most help for working poor/middle class/small businesses.
Trickle down will give us everything we need;
Brand new century private penitentiary:
Bank vault utopia padded for the few...
And its tumors for the masses coughing for the masses
Earphones for the masses and they all serve you
Trickle down give em the business...
Trickle down supposed to give us the goods;
Cups held put to catch a bit of the bounty...
Trickle down everywhere trickle down blood.
What used to pass for education now looks more like ignoration;
Take the peoples money and slip it to the corporation...
Yellow rain golden shower pesticide firepower...
Summon feudal demons of sweatshop subjugation
Workfare foul air homeless beggars everywhere
Picturephone aristocrats lounge around the pool.
Captains of industry smiling beneficently
Leaky hull supertanker ship of fools: Trickle down.
Takeover takedown big buck shakedown...
pusher of the anything-for-profit. First got to privatize then you get to piratize. Hooked on avarice how do we get off it?
Trickle down.
- Bruce Cockburn
Medicare for all would be pro growth.  Businesses would no longer be responcible for a citizens healthcare.

Certainly. The only question is will congress pass a plan that is pro-growth. It appears that congress will still do nothing. Fire em all.
Any tax plan you come up with , Without Trump you can stick it where the sun never shines ! You stinking Trump back stabbers !
We know better.  Additional tax breaks for the 1%.  You were elected to represent All Americans.
Bill and a @USCBO score please.
When I hear a Republican say that all that means is it's gonna move the riches savings account forward.
Stop tweeting and just getter done!
Your plans are going to wreak USA. Suck up to the oligarchs like all cheapskate Republicans. Won't spend money to make America Great. #MAGA
Trickle down economics Don't Work. Keep trying the same thing that doesn't work is called Insanity! Are you all, along with Trump, insane?
Your tax reform is a reverse Robin Hood here you're stealing from poor & giving to the rich how does help anyone except you & wealthy friend
Most Corporate Tax Cuts Go to OWNERS, not WORKERS, not INVESTMENT
The only time the Greed Over People party cries about tax reform it's their wealthy benefactors who want more of our money nothing else
Obviously!!! @realDonaldTrump WILL SIGN! Where is the PLAN? @WashTimes @FoxBusiness @FoxNews @AFPhq @PressSec #WalkTheWalk @DanScavino #MAGA
Illegal immigration is broken! Government is broken & full of criminals that should be brought to justice! When?
Fire up the ovens, dear.  You can't fire them and you can't send them back to where they never lived so I guess you'll have to kill them?
Just more Kabuki Theater from the do-nothing @GOP RINOs. You're losing in 2018. Mark my words.
When will the crooks be brought to justice! @OrrinHatch #rice #awan #wasserman #hrc #tarmac #lynch #comey #mueller #mccain When??
@TheJusticeDept @FBI @CIA STOP DEEP STATE CORRUPTION! #Prosecute #HoldAccountable @realDonaldTrump @attorneygeneral @POTUS @FoxNews #Justice
The tax code built by Republicians.
It won't do anything until it's passed. So quit talking about it and get it done. Voters are watching.
Then design it so that it throws out the stupid trickle down theory that has never worked. Post card tax returns are just a distraction.
Honestly you don't know anything about economics. Show a little creativity by not using "trickle down" it's a boring critique.
It's immigration stupid. You'll never agree on tax reform

the rich gets richer!
So will better educated citizens who are paid higher wages and who don't risk bankruptcy if they get sick. Just sayin
No tax cuts unless a corporation agrees to pay all their workers a living wage and caps CEO pay, agrees to disclose all camp. donations
A living wage? Thats a buck a day
If a corporation lays off or cuts the pay of any American worker or offshores any jobs,  they lose their tax cut.
Y u no ekonomic
Yeah ya know that's not what you clowns are proposing.
No tax cuts for any corporation that receives a taxpayer funded subsidy of any kind, or has hidden money in offshore accounts.
#censure #CensureTrump  #HR496
This was quite a segment from @CNN that will be shared far and wide 
Corporations used their last round of tax cuts on lobbying, plumping up YOUR campaign war chests, explosive CEO pay and stock buybacks.
So
But will we see it in our lifetime? Not as long as current congress is in power.
Would you support a requirement that no corporation or individual receive a tax refund greater than what they actually paid in?
This was voodoo economics in the 1980s, now its just disproven economics. Quit pushing your tax cuts for the rich, it's pathetic.
Just get off your Collective aasses and get Tax Reform & Repeal done or get out
