@RyanZinke When the rest of the wheels fall off the trump train, we Montanans will remember your lies, and you'll be left out in the cold.
So, Montana is a racist state?
I'm not sure what racism would have to do with it.
Kudos to u. If we dont keep our past present then our fight to educate the future will demise with the statues
In this case it's referring to Public Land were designated as National Monuments to protect Natural, historic, or cultural resources.
Not statues.
Just try it Ryan- it's called lawsuit and court. You will loose to your everlasting disgrace.
In this instance, he's referring to protected lands. Or what used to be protected lands.
Yes, and that is another reason to protect places like Bears Ears National Monument,
an important cultural and archeological sight for several tribes
All confederate statues will say, " mein kampf."
In this case it's referring to Public Land were designated as National Monuments to protect Natural, historic, or cultural resources.

We need to throw the #antiAmerican #traitors who disrespect our national symbols thereby our nation OUT!!!
We need to throw racist traitors out. The confederacy attacked the United States of American, dipshit.
Because we healed this nation long before Obama stoked race against race.
Those "limitations" have negative effects on established environmental support to the monuments for the sake of corporate profit.
GSENM boundaries established by act of Congress.  President has NO authority to alter an act of Congress.  Please keep this treasure intact!
Not surprised
This is SO wrong.
@Interior let me guess the only ones that are recommended for change were those OBAMA gave to the ppl.
Yup. #truth
Changes? Like allow Fracking changes?
People stick up for monuments instead of the living that are being marginalized and discriminated against
National monuments in this case are referring to tracks of Public Land designated to protect important Natural, or cultural resources

Bet he was asked about adding
Trump to #MountRushmore. 
Bravo!!! Common sense!! Just add plaques explaining the evils some good people can do!  No one is pure good or evil. Times have changed us!!
There isn't much difference in some cases between shrinking size of a monument and eliminating it.
The national monuments in this case are parks the GOP wants to mine and drill, not statues of 19th century traitors and insurrectionists.
You are not doing your job
You are not doing your job
You are not doing your job
You are not doing your job
You are not doing your job
Wanna go spam his twitter?
It's going to be a hell of a legal battle over these "recommendations"
Yes! Unleash the lawyers. #savebearsears
I agree: monuments have "largely been viewed
as an overwhelming American success story includes almost 200 of America's greatest treasures"
Unless you plan to make the parks better, you would be wise to leave them alone.
The clerical bloc of the republic must be overthrown. The security of the world and the Middle East is under threat
#RezaPahlavi
Eliminate no put in museum yes it's a part of history our history
So they can drill for oil or strip mine for coal...all for $$$
Next they will be measuring our craniums...
He also is trying to take away portions of national parks to strip them of natural resources, pollute & enrich the wealthy. BAD!
How about so called national monuments be returned to those that they stole it from for City people to vacation on and Eviros to pad pockets
Sigh. Many Trump voters here think this is about statues. Sad. #ImpeachTrump #TrumpResign #25thAmendment
This is a wildfire?
Let's ask Charles Barkleys option
Just gunna drill for oil right through a couple hundred of em NBD #MAGAfail
Hands off our monuments.....period
How about at least a plaque stating "Fought in a rebellion against the United States to preserve Human Slavery in the nation...and LOST."
This is a start. We need more information. #MonumentsForAll #ZinkeAreYouListening @UniteBlue @LCVoters @SierraClub @Wilderness @Greenpeace
Changes as in letting oil and coal rip up the natural beauty?
Public should be notified about recommended " changes" .
This thread is a textbook example of people commenting without knowing what they're commenting on...
No, just put your pants on and keep them where they've been
This is a sham by Trump & Zinke. It caters to drilling, mining, logging, & special interests. These r our public lands. They r not 4 sale!
It's probably a good idea to update monuments based on current philosophical ideology & acknowledge all historical relevant facts
so change....like mining in the grand cayon
@SecretaryZinke Shame on zinke.  History will be the judge of this bad recommendation.  How does it feel to be one of donnie's toadies?
Trump just wants to paint big gold letters spelling Trump on every National monument. Oh, & on the oil rigs drilling on public lands
Biff from Back to the Future.
Isn't this just what @realDonaldTrump warned 'to take away our history and our heritage'
Is there nothing else for government to be doing? Seriously.
You say the narrative of loss is shameful. What is shameful is your arbitrary pimpimg of public lands to oil, gas, & coal CEOs. #StinkyZinke
Why change ? 
Whatever is US history it can't change by abusing monuments !
Its people who need to change & leave racism.
He also belongs in Jail for threatening republican congress women that wouldn't vote to take health care away from millions of Americans
Changes? Like selling rights to mining and oil exploration? Keep your filthy greedy hands off our land. Not yours to exploit, Repukes!
None of them should be changed.  Zinke is betraying all of us.
Don't pat yourself on the back, Zinke. Let's see these changes!
BREAKING: This is idiotic
They're not talking about statues people, they're talking about places, like the San Juan Islands Nat Mon.
That's good
How in the world do you change a national monument??
Can we take their heads, because that would be cool with me. We should also put up new statues near them for unrecognized heroes.
Native Americans don't have their monuments yet

Changes?? How do you "change" history...
The monuments in this case are tracts of land like Bear's Ears not statues. This move is meant to open these areas for resource extraction.
Horrific
These Belong to  all Americans not just trumps buddies @SecretaryZinke
I feel a major Trump the White Supremacist Nazi is gonna fuck this over. Probably put a Statue of Himself to replace the Statue of Liberty.
That's the kind if answer you get when an entire party is built around racism!
Only confederate monuments are safe.
A local lady suggested leaving the monuments but providing a plaque with a historical explanation. Sounds good to me.
Just as long as you fully realize ANY "change" has to go through CONGRESS.  And they will check your destructive @ss.
We will see him in court.
We, the people, will lose this land forever & never be able to get it back. What an awful legacy of Trump's long term damage to our country.
Stating the obvious GOP does not give a shit about America
History shows that when the t admin says one thing, it does the opposite. So, be advised.
This is what Zinky was hired for the payback for oil and gas donorship
Good. Leave them up.
which handful? the ones that will put the most $ back in his pocket? disgrace.
The Russian Interior Secretary?  I wonder why they care?
They will if ppl keep busting them up. Govt doesnt control ppl. They trigger people.
What changes? they're beautiful just the way they are.
President lacks authority to shrink national monuments.  Here's a thread explaining why.
[Thread] This week, @SecretaryZinke plans to make recommendations to the Prez whether to eliminate or shrink some of our nat’l monuments. /1
Thank you for that very useful information!

What changes? Logging and drilling in the Parks? #BigBusiness #MoneyMoneyMoney over #Nature
What kind of changes? And why?
@SecretaryZinke Hopefully they will be multi use and all citizens will be able to enjoy them.
LEAVE OUR NATIONAL PARKS AND MONUMENTS ALONE @SecretaryZinke
Soviet behavior.
To sell protected public lands to the highest bidder? lolwut
"Elimnating" national monuments sounds like removing statues. Selling public lands is a different story. #AccuracyAccuracyAccuracy
Do you even know what a national monument is? Who cares about removing statues? Why should we even have statues of traitors?
How about leaving them all they way they are and have been since being built.
These handful of changes will most likely benefit the #TrumpCrimeFamily and his buddies.
Trump's just mad because he's not going to get a statue.
Time for jokes is well passed!

When will dumbasses on the right learn what a national monument is
Trading away God's gift to Americans for gifts to cronies for short-term profits. Not Patriotic.
Yes, " #notmypatriot"
If ur cmplanin abot hstry bein rewritn how many times has bible bin rewritn n last 2k yrs..u dont hear 2 much about JC vengeance in church
That sucks, the dems brought in some Taliban specialists to demolish Mt. Rushmore, what damn waste of airline tickets.
Looking forward to seeing the recommendations @SecretaryZinke . It's a subject of national interest like never before at the moment.
All Monuments will now have plaques replaced with new ones written by Trump with misspelled words so Trumpers can understand them
so they're only 'kinda' destroying our last remaining wilderness  wow what a relief
The people who live in these areas don't want them. And you'll never visit so unwad your panties.
Just got back from one on Wednesday.
I'm sure you did. I just got back from a ride in the space shuttle.
History shaming is another lib-button voter scheme. @TrueTheVote
Yeah but history is cool Mr George Washington profile pic
Faux outrage over statues that have been up for decades. Why is this an issue now?
Trying to sell protected lands to the highest bidder isn't an issue to the GOP b/c they've been bought and sold for a long time.
Gee thanks @SecretaryZinke you're so generous. I want a law that no national monument should ever be "changed"
Hmmm, I thought @realDonaldTrump and his administration had a real problem with messing with memorials. Appears that only applies to "some."
Would a lobotomy teach conservatives what a national monument is?
Changes to the handful that have exploitable resources. We'll maintain monument status so taxpayers are on hook for clean up.
What you said
What's the verdict, @SecretaryZinke?  99% of 2.8 million public comments don't matter to your "process," right? http://keylogeconomics.com/projectsandpublications/national-monuments-comment-review/ …
Why should it? Zinke isn't an elected official and isn't concerned with people's feelings.
Well what could he possibly have up his sleeve?
Why are people so against moving monuments to museums in which they can be more properly contextualized? It's not erasure.
Hi, this conversation is not about the confederate statues. This is about national monuments(park spaces) being exploited for resources.
The monuments will now be the size of three picnic tables and a sign describing what the land used to look like before they sold it off
this is so funny but true it hurts ahhhj
Just filling in the Grand Canyon.
This is not about statues of traitors. Those the administration loves. It's about federally protecting land from development.
Hands off our monuments, @SecretaryZinke 

#publiclands
They hate America.
Emoji heads, I heard. 
#BREAKING: US Interior secretary tells AP he's recommending changes to a 'handful' of national monuments but none to be eliminated.
The question is...
Because greed.
Leave the statues up, add a donation box to go to minority education scholarships
Trump wants to add his face to Rushmore.
Rewriting history? Never a good idea!
Tell the South. Many there have been perpetuating the myth that the Civil War was not about slavery.
Isn't this scumbag @SecretaryZinke under investigation by the Interior General over his threats to Alaska during the ACA repeal debacle?
"Robert E Lee statues will now have Hitler mustaches and googly eyes."

So...no totality?
