OMG YESSS
haha history has its eyes on you
I was just there this past spring
Dont look
Lin, RUN
If he could tweet, I am sure he would be thinking, "Damn, I am in a selfie with Lin-Manuel Miranda!"
I'm pretty sure if he could tweet he'd be exhausting the character count and threading all over the place
And subtweeting Jefferson...
... uh huh
Omg almost shot water out my nose!
That's how the gangsta creeps
RUN
You 2 need to get a room @the_a_dot_ham
Then you'd still be left out of the room where it happened.
Listen! Stop going into rooms w/ strangers. They are just trying to make $$$ off you & it is upsetting @ms_e_hamilton -AA & I r here 4 u E
@the_e_dot_ham wouldn't accept your help. She recognizes hogwash when she sees it.



IM comin' Im comin'
Meet me inside
Best laugh I've had in a while!
LOL. Hilarious !
I was just there this past spring
This is the best thing I've ever seen
No... you're safe. Unless you watch Doctor Who.
Amen! So many replies and not one was "don't blink". Was disappointed and wondering if musical nerds are different from regular nerds.
Its dangerous to cross fandom genres. But can you imagine a Doctor Who episode set in the revolutionary war with Lin as Ham?
"It's the First Bank of the United States.  It's bigger on the inside."
be careful.
Is that Hamilton or burr?
Hamilton
A reaction I give when I have a teacher behind me thinking I'm the weirdest kid in the world.
History has its eyes on you.
Perfect :P  

@HBeazyyy
UGH
oh shoot I missed this but it's here now
"I am merely the pug to Hamilton's corgi..."
Am i doing memes right???
Yes. This is *sheds tear* beautiful!
OMG I was there last January! I love you Lin!
I love you AND Alexander Lin!
YES. 
JUST BE COOL, LIN. 
BE. COOL.
He is..... just walk away slowly, maybe he won't notice
Oh god, Prince.  I know I wouldn't be mad if he walked away like that. 
I busted out when I saw this!
Did you say Alexander Hamilton three times in the mirror again?
This is everything.
?
Watch out, don't blink!

This is why I love u 
I didn't realise you guys had any statues left. Don't tell #Antifa about this one.

Brilliant!
lol
Don't blink!
Hehehe was listening to the soundtrack today all the way from Sturgeon Bay to Milwaukee. 
Be vewwy vewwy quiet...
Saw HAMILTON at the PANTAGES for the 2nd time Sunday night.  I cried again!
Great pic! Looks like A. Ham has his eyes on you...
Just be cool man, I don't think he sees you. His vision is based on movement like a T-Rex.
Oh my god I love you
He's gonna follow you the rest of your life!

Ha!
HISTORY HAS ITS EYES ON YOU LINNN
wait is this at the Capitol Building?
Don't blink.

was in DC in march and took the same pic, does this make us best friends?
Mr. Miranda, I am so proud of you I could burst. I think back on the early days of FYLMM, and Im so glad we started there - A Sweet Nerd
no, he is
http://static.snopes.com/app/uploads/2016/07/disabled.jpg …
Yeah he is ... and DAMN IS HE WHITE!!!
Hamilton has his eyes on you
Gasp he is
He approves.
I'm sure he's watching from on high and proud of all you have done for him.
I think A.Ham is stoned.
Took my son to Yorktown in honor of you
Sweet!
I remember going to the capital building for my senior trip to D.C. Took pics of the Hamilton, Jefferson, Washington and Sam Adams statues.
Forgot to add the pictures
He'll be lurking over your shoulder for the near future and beyond...#justsaying #Hamilton
Yup
Yup
That awkward moment when the person you're talking about is right there...#HamiltonSquared

Yep
Yes, and he doesn't look happy.
Is this a trick question?
"That shit was fly, yo!"
*stares Hamilton-ly*
Look busy!!!
Lol XD
I know this is sorta off topic but... A good biography to try is called Duel by Thomas Fleming.
Too funny!!!!!
Always!
@sherilynch This is another great feed to follow!!

AHHH GOING TO SEE HAMILTON IN THE GREATESY CITY IN THE WORLD~~
Too bad it's not as black and white as this photo. He looks hot!
I see this as I am listening to the "Hamilton" soundtrack!
don't. move.
He came to haunt you because you left hamilton
Yes. And he knows what you sang about him!!!!
Run!
(SHHH JUST BE COOL)
OMG I WAS THERE NOT TO LONG AGO
DON'T BLINK!
you dummy, its only a statue, which the statue has more common sense than you.
Don't blink!
History has its eyes on you.
History has it's eyes on you
Hamilception
Don't be jealous @m_jnoz but @Lin_Manuel and I think alike 
that photo is exactly what I thought of when I saw LMM's tweet! Still not sure you are quite the creative genius he is...
Oml for a second i thought that that was jefferson and i almost had a heart attack
That's so scary.
Yeah but he ain't doin' shit.
@gabriel_pigmeu
Is this at Columbia?
It would be nice to have him on your side.
Don't blink
He's got your back!
And proud of your work! You sparked interest in history that has fascinated and educated America! Love you and your talent!
He's pretending not to notice you! Act cool!
don't blink
At least he's not a weeping angel.
Run
RUN.
AHORA MISMO Keeping both eyes on you!
legend
@adi_suchevits
omg 
@kaitlinlilith
i'm seeing double
Look at those eyes.....


he's behind you, all the way!
Kudos to Donald Webber. Can't image the challenge!
Need some tickets!
He's trying to ask why your show is so expensive. He's gonna have to make another financial plan just to buy tickets
WHO COULD IT BE
yes he is!! aahh!! 
Don't blink.
Haha! I didn't even think about that. Hamilton as a Weeping Angel. Awesome. 

He'd be proud!
One so fair, and the other lithe & dark. Solemn joy & sudden spark!
Behave, Lin!
You should go visit mount Vernon if you have the time. Congrats Lin you deserve it!
*pantomime voice* hEs BEhInD YoU
And he's got his eyes on you....
Welcome to DC Lin
History has its eyes on youuu
O shit run
Nice shot with that statue of the tragic Prince of Denmark.
he has his eyes on you....
Ch ch ch ah ah ah
Just make sure you don't blink.
Saw Hamilton 2nd time (NY& LA). Came home, watched PBS Hamilton in America. Ordered Ron Chernow's book. Now to read. Thank you!
It's a good book. I started it in the summer.
Better give him tickets to see his show
Aw
JSKJAKEUHSLA:LDPOJDDNFDL
Why are you like this. 
And then...

Well, technically he's growing out of your shoulder.
Did you turn, look him in the eye, and say loudly and clearly, 'Back up, you creep'? Asking for a friend. @HillaryClinton
It must be nice, it must be nice, to have Hamilton on your side 
...History has its eyes on you...

@itskirstinhere
MY MAN 
Don't blink.
SHOOK
funny
CRYINGXGSBSBSHSJ
I wonder if Lin had to enter the Capitol and go through the tours like the rest of us to get to Ham's statue.
You can't take his place because he's not throwing away his ... spot.
#dontblink
You did not throw away your shot.
WHAT IS THE MEANING OF THIS
Why didn't you high five him??
Escape like you're running out of time!
He's saying "He's right in front of me isn't he?".

That statue certainly talks less than the real deal... but I hope he isn't smiling more. #WhySoSerious
DUDE! I SAW THAT STATUE LAST YEAR!
History has its eyes on you.
He is
#DontBlink
@Morgandb123 this is the best
Don't blink.
Just walk away slowly, and don't make eye contact
I work in the Capitol I would love to meet you today!!! It would be the greatest honor
Ham
Omg Hamilton 
LOL!!
I'm still wheezing
Don't blink.
Who is he? What's his name?
Nice shot

WWWWASHINGTON IS WATCHING FROM THE OTHER SIDE
wait so where's the real one?
This is just perfect
someone give lin a statue
I think I went to that museum for an eight grade field trip. That statue was literally all I was interested in
RUN LIN
hamception
Hahahahaha
History has his eyes on you. 
What did u say about him, Lin???
When history literally has its eyes on you.
I hear there was something special about his eyes ;)
Yes, and he's spotted you. He likes it.
