I'm sure YOU were all for obstructing POTUS O's nom. Taste of your own meds? Enjoy. Not all TN folks are stupid #Trumprussia
a Russian interference in our election flies in the face of our entire democratic process. #priorities #nottillweknow
I am not a bot.  I am a Davidson county Nashville Tennessee resident and constituent. I'd be happy to speak with you.
What flies in the face of 230 years of tradition is the rules change. The filibuster keeps the majority from punching down on the minority.
Judge Merrick Garland was nominated for this very seat. Where were you then, Senator?
Merrick Garland. Remember?
You must have a short memory, so I'll remind you: #MerrickGarland
so does refusing a nominee a hearing. You're a hypocrite and disgrace to the Constitution Senator.
Tradition?  Lol. Since when has a president nominated a SCJ while actively being investigated by the FBI for Treason?
Merrick Garland should of had a vote after nomination by Mr.  Obama. Your party denied that vote, this is the result.
,Say this 1000 times-Merrick Garland . When you are done,stick Gorsuch in the #Russiagate file. Going down with Trump.#evil 
. @SenAlexander You have got to be kidding.
GOP ignored Judge Garland just because he was chosen by Obama. Gorsuch chosen by @realDonaldTrump under FBI investigation.
So was what you did to Garland.
Oh, and BTW, so was the way y'all abused the filibuster the past few years. 
Suck it Lamar.
You're really not very smart, are you?  What did you guys do to President Obama? That's right.  FILIBUSTER.  What a hypocrite.
SENATOR do you not see the hypocrisy of your statement?
Nice try. Want a little Garland to go with your tradition?
in 230 years never before has senate aided foreign govt by sheltering @POTUS. I'd be more concerned w. being accessory..
So shutting down the govt when Obama had a year left to appoint a SCOTUS replacement is just another Tuesday? #stolenseat
@senorrinhatch Remember Merrick Garland?
.@SenAlexander Reminder: I am your constituent. You work for me. You are meant to represent me. Not your party, not @potus. Me. TN resident.
I met Lamar on the hill yesterday for the first time. I will tell you I was NOT impressed in any way.
LOL
You can dish it but can't take it huh? You're constituents are telling you to say no. You are a representative not our leader.
tradition = #MerrickGarland stop pretending that didn't happen. Party of convenient hypocrisies
You're kidding right? Where was 230 years of tradition for Garland?
Hmmm Garland nominated by a POTUS with no scandal. Gorsuch nominated by POTUS being nominated by FBI, Senate, and House of Rep. Easy choice.
Haha! Filibustering or refusing to hold hearings at all in 2016, both unprecedented. GOP "outrage" highlights their laughable hypocrisy.
But you coward RINOs wont use the same rule Reid used to steam roll past you. We are the majorly without any backbone.
You mean like the Republicans have been doing the last 8 years. Such a hypocrite!
lol you serious bro @SenAlexander
is he a freshman senator?
@commiegirl1 @SenAlexander
no Corker is the Jr Senator  this dude's been around since the 90s
What Will Hoge said.
remember 2016 Merrick Garland, whom Hatch said he would support and then didn't: HYPOCRITS
I'm your constituent and hope you are reading these responses.
so does having a president under FBI investigation getting to make a lifetime judicial appt... I don't mind breaking tradition
Tradition was already broken last year when you refused to review Garland's nomination.
the only thing I see flying in Washington is bulls!/t
Kinda like refusing to even have a vote #amiright
Maybe you should read that history book again!  This is not the first filibuster in the Senate history @knoxnews @Tennessean
In 1968, Senate Republicans filibustered LBJ’s nominee and he failed to be appointed. So 49 years... https://www.senate.gov/artandhistory/history/minute/Filibuster_Derails_Supreme_Court_Appointment.htm …
Why do you allow Big Pharma to control the FDA and stop working for the American People?
Your a fine hypocrite to make such comments.  You stab Tennessee citizens in back when you fail to oversee FDA corruption.
- Get Merrick Garland the hearing and vote he deserves. Only then can you whine about Gorsuch.
, how do you justify #Garland? No appts until #trumprussia collusion investigation is done. Nominees are ALL suspect.
@senorrinhatch so does the stealing of Merrick Garlands seat. Go nuclear to win,  but it will cost  your Senate seat 2 in 2018
You CANNOT use tradition as an argument after what was done to Garland. Hypocrite.
give me a break! You stole this seat and now you act like it didn't happen
.@SenAlexander refusing to even consider a qualified Merrick Garland flies in the face of senate tradition & common courtesy. Total BS.
Oh?  So what does that make almost a YEAR of the @GOP obstructing Merrick Garland?
As your constituent and former student of U Of TN when you were Pres., I respect you. So, why on earth would you read this?
Not even letting Obama's nominee get a vote was shameful. GOP can't claim high ground here.
You must have agreed when @POTUS44 said this re: Garland??
No? 
You didn't? 
That's what I thought.
Then why didn't you and other GOP senators refuse to meet with and vote on Judge Garland? Hypocrite!
so does refusing to meet with a nominee just because he was put forth by a member of the opposing party.  You hypocrite.
Blocking a standing President's Surpreme Court nomination is unconstitutional & flies in the face of 230 years of tradition.
hypocrite
kind of in the same order as, say, not even considering a nomination?
So, this tradition was broken last year?
you are not the guy in the red checkered I sent to Washington. You are an embarrassment.
You're building a case to unseat yourself in 2020, brick by brick.
Working for foreign gov'ts, hacking elections, and blatantly lying fly in the face of 230 years of constitutional tradition
Better to not allow any nomination hearing at all, right? You guys are unbelievable.
@senorrinhatch One word: Garland. One question: Why do you hate America and her people so much?
Did you even meet with Merrick Garland? #hypocrite
where were you last year when it was President Obama's selection. A disappointed TN voter.
WR0NG! Not even talking w/Obama's nom flies in the face of our representative's responsibility
Worthless hypocrite—you couldn't even be bothered to hold hearings on #MerrickGarland. Explain that Senate tradition to me?
hypocrite
you need replaced... that is all
How did you vote on Judge Garland? Republicans consistantly put party ahead of country, which is disgusting and mean! SAD!
lol  you hypocrite
#MerrickGarland
I'm so disappointed in you.
submitting your pic to illustrate "hypocrite" in reference books
Oh, wait, you're serious?

Sir, your lack if self-awareness is pathetic.
This TN voter remembers the way the Senate treated #MerrickGarland. And that POTUS wasn't under FBI Investigation.
@senorrinhatch wrong. Refusing to hold hearings was unprecedented.
@senorrinhatch Supporting #GOP before investigation of espionage against a #POTUS flies in the face of loyalty to country!
you broke it
@senorrinhatch So does stealing a #SCOTUS SEAT. It's not about #gorsuch it's about your shameful and unconstitutional behavior
So to be clear, filibustering a nomination = bad, refusing to have a nomination hearing = ok?  Got it you hypocrite.
Really Senator you didn't even give President Obama's nominee a hearing. Stop playing politics with our country you hypocrite
So does not allowing a sitting President to fill a SCOTUS seat when vacated during their term in office.  Try again Senator.
“[The President] shall nominate...with...Consent of the Senate, shall appoint…Judges of the Supreme Court FOR FIRST 75% OF TERM
isn't there a "rule" to not vote on a president's nominee in their first term? Seems as legit as the "Biden rule"
@senorrinhatch You ought to encourage the filibuster then vote to end filibustering.  A simple majority should be enough.
I hope you DO realize the DEMS could care less about 230+yrs of tradition.Quit screwing around call for the "Nuclear Option"
@senorrinhatch OMG Hilarious. WTF is wrong with these guys? Do they think we have all forgotten Merrick Garland?
then don't throw away senate tradition and vote on Judge Garland. Your rhetoric is stupid.
democrats shouldn't let you anti-constitutionalists get away with any of this nonsense.
@senorrinhatch What kind of historical precedent did the republicans set with the Garland blockage?
where was the outrage last year Mr. Alexander? Where was your lecturing over the GOP stealing this nomination from Obama?
@senorrinhatch @SenAlexander no blocking Garland was heinous and callous and lacked respect for Constitution.
@senorrinhatch Senate tradition, I thing we started caring about after ignoring a nominee last year
So did you fall and bump your head, cause GOP did that the first 6 years of Obama?
Guess you shouldn't have done that to Obama, now the shoe is on the other foot /a little tight there is it ?
Was there a 230 year tradition of allowing a nominee an up or down vote with 350 days of nomination? #Garland
you sure didn't have a problem letting a qualified Democratic sit without getting even the respect of a vote last year!!!!
you disgraced TN by blocking Merrick Garland without cause
oh pul-eeze! We all remember where you stood with Merrick Garland so get off your high horse already.
Hypocrite.
YOU should have thought about that when YOU did it to Obama
: Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland.
You are a hypocrite for refusing to vote on Judge Garland
filibustering is the only Senate tradition I have ever heard of. See Mr. Smith goes to Washington for a refresher.
HA! At least Gorsuch got hearings. Or did your party not completely abdicate its advise & consent duty for Merrick Garland?
But talking fossils is pure tradition. RETIRE already!
it was your party who wouldnt perform their duties on Obama's selection.......no one is falling for this crap
That's what democracy looks like. How about that shit you pulled with Garland nom?
You and your Republican cronies blocked Obama every chance you could. Taste your own medicine.
grow a spine
so never giving garland a vote didn't?
What do you call what you did to Judge Garland??  Come on Lamar, don't be a  hypocrite!
Remind us how you stood up for 230 years of senate tradition when Garland didn't get a hearing.
I can only imagine that you did not type this with a straight face. You already destroyed 230 of senate tradition
how about not even considering the last administrations candidate.  HYPOCRITE!
How exactly did the Senate behave when Garland was nominated? Take a seat. Ashamed to be one of your constituents. #Gorsuch
Merrick Garland.
.@SenAlexander doesn't lying on the Senate floor deserve a censure? Shame on you, hypocrite.
Forget Garland... tradition says if nomination is close to election, holds over for new POTUS.  STOP WHINING LIBERALS!
Finally... we need to get this nomination passed!  Get some kahoonies Republicans!
So vote on the nomination of Merrick Garland before considering Gorsuch. Right?
MERRICK GARLAND. Hypocrisy is SO @GOP.
Garland
So does treason, @SenAlexander
“Filibustering to death the #Gorsuch nomination — or any presidential nomination ... — flies in the face of 230 years of Senate tradition.” 
So did blocking a legitimate nomination just for partisanship. Pot. Meet kettle.
Jesus Christ. Are you serious? Ask Garland about your asshole moves to block him.
your party has done it.  It's part of the process suck it up and deal
Statements like this show how stupid he thinks the American people are. He wears hypocrisy like a badge.
I was going to mention Garland and how we aren't dumb, blah blah.. everyone else took care of it for me.
And not allowing hearings much less a vote on Merrick Garland was so in line with Senate courtesy and tradition! Hypocrite!
Garland, Part of Oklahoma city bombing trials. CIA agent T. McVeigh was on payroll. Garland part of conspiracy & lies.
so does refusing to hold hearings at all. #Garland
Merrick. Garland. #Hypocrite
fascinating and what happened to the tradition of allowing a sitting president to nominate a Supreme Court justice? #Garland
In this case tradition us out the window!
#MerrickGarland
I disagree @SenAlexander.  I am your constituent and feel #Gorsuch will vote in interest of corps over individuals as well as against women
you've got to be kidding. After the Senate refusal to hold hearings on Garland? THAT flew in the face of tradition.
please remind us(your TN constituents) how you voted on Judge Garland. Thanks Senator.
Excellent point!!! 
I am your constituent. I cannot believe you read that with a straight face after the way you handled Garland. #hypocrite #SCOTUS
#hypocrisy
^what they said. Hope you read these replies and ps #imfromTN
let's look at recent events Sen. MERRICK GARLAND you and your party publicly announced you would not lift a finger to confirm
I suppose denying to have even a committee meeting of an appointment is so much more appropriate? Stolen seat.
yeah that tradition died last year at your hands. Remember?
I have a 15 year old daughter, you bet I'll fight Gorsuch's appointment with everything I can.
#MerrickGarland
no lifetime appts should be confirmed until #TrumpRussia investigation complete!
NO one likes you anymore!

another vote for all of us telecom giants here in TN!
So does refusing to give someone a hearing! But you guys didn't mind doing that! Stop being a hypocrite!
So do presidential nominations of and Senate confirmations of completely unqualified candidates.
clearly your memory is failing. GOP snub of #MerrickGarland was historic departure. Are you too feeble to continue in Senate?
once again your hypocrisy is noted. Refusing to have hearings for Garland's nom didn't fly in the face of Senate tradition?
You're shameless.  Your party stole a scotus nomination in unprecedented form, now you're continuing to be a trump lackey.
I enjoyed the respect you and your colleagues showed merrick garland. So I guess obstruction > filibuster
So did blocking Garland nomination.  Also == Repubs filibustered Fortas for chief justice
so where do you stand on the nomination of Merrick Garland? #justcurious #engagedconstituant
So does refusing to have hearings on a sitting president's nominee.
.@SenAlexander No supreme court nominee until the Russian investigation is complete and the person who nominated him is cleared.
.@SenAlexander You worried 45 is guilty, which is why you're trying to rush? We won't let you after you failed to do your job with Garland.
.@SenAlexander How about this: If Trump's presidency can last 10 months, the 10 you & the @GOP stalled Garland, you can consider Gorsuch.
.@SenAlexander You stall for 10 months on Garland but want to rush an illegitimate @potus lifetime supreme court nominee through? Yeah, no.
... uh what was 2016 like then? #paybacks
.@SenAlexander You wouldn't have to deal with it if you'd done your job & confirmed Merrick Garland. I'm a TN resident btw. You work for me.
and what exactly does not giving a nominee a hearing for 11 months do? You killed tradition.

#MerrickGarland
