Omaha man arrested for making threats against U.S. Senator for Iowa. 
Well we all know what republicans will do to pigs...

Yeah makin' bacon was the inference.
Just a bad idea to tweet this
I dislike Senator Hatch, but this is obviously a joke and I think it's pretty funny and clever.
I actually like Sen. Hatch, but jokes like this in these times are potentially perilous.
Wow and it's the Dems use of violent rhetoric that is  the problem eh?
Calm down Sally ...
People, can we all agree that threatening people we don't agree with is just WRONG? You too @POTUS and Putin.
Is this the civility you were talking about?  This is not funny!
This is what your boyfriend Trump  thinks of the FBI.
Wouldn't it be great if Senate & FBI protected everyone?
Hahahaha, good point!
Nobody appreciates your nod to vigilantes. Especially w rise of white nationalism & the @GOP TREND OF DEPUTIZING MILITIAS for personal use.
. we are still waiting on followup for when racist pig cops destroy the lives of Latinos in #orangecounty CA @FBI @FBILosAngeles #AMDG
. that 's March 2012 - @lorattasanchez stuck her head up her ass as well  #AMDG
I am sure that everyone gets the warning. Ok for senators to threaten voters with asinine legislation, but the "little folks" better not...
Get your mind out of the gutter you degenerate, this county fair farm boy country.  You try to catch a muddy hog who got under the fence.
What's your opinion on allowing Russia to interfere, infiltrate, and denigrate our democracy/government/White House?
I didn't know all of those were stored on DNC e-mail servers; the only thing Russians did actually get into.

When did that move take place?

I finally forgot about this episode

BRAVO!
So just maybe u and others should stand up for FBI when POTUS berates them. Speak up, defend press and intelligence agencies.
#goingtodance

#termlimitsforbigots

#HYPOCRITE
Is it David Cameron-esque?
I am glad to see FBI is still doing some harassment enforcement.
Lol
You are so right sir

Does he fuck them?
She - the junior senator from Iowa is a woman ya dolt
How about threats against journalists??
Real threats?
Prosecute them.

Journalists whining about wrestling gifs they don't like?
Point and laugh.
according to Republican Law, Junior Senator has to marry the pigs he's been fucking first.
She...... the junior senator from Iowa is a woman
my b
Some people call this guy a pig:
#travelban #stop #refugeeban #stoptheban
@jaketapper ok... now that was funny.
 Roast & Ride! 
I enjoy your tweets immensely!
- old lady from wa state
Hatch, it is time to retire.
Take away it's health insurance?
Orrin Hatch your sickening image of violence is a prime example of the ignorance and indifference so prevalent in the White House.
no podesta and clinton and obama are the prime example ignorance that WERE in the White House
+1 Senator Hatch, well played
Oh really. How come hasn't done anything about this other pig #MAGA
@jaketapper @FBIOmaha or health care
do pigs have guns?
That's a legitimately funny response. Who knew?
Glad she's safe. Though frankly, she *is* a pig, as are you. Feeding with your followers in a trough of hate, fear, and disenlightenment.
Must drink orange pool of koolaid
Will there be ANY investigation as to why CNN was interested in the Reddit user's identity? Or why- following tweet was sent, then deleted?
Sounds like you are threatening violence to the person arrested for threatening violence.
Support it for President?
Classic response...... my hat off to Senator Hatch
While I don't condone what the person arrested did, this tweet by Hatch is unbecming of his office.
Date it?
Will there be Senate hearings to investigate CNN's tactics and methods used to release the following story?
No.
Thanks Nostradamus. Didn't know you were so well connected to the Senate.
You're welcome.
Have you seen what Putin does to his critics?  Putin threatens. Trump is his pig. Why is that okay?  #TrumpSoldUsOut
What can the Junior Senator from Iowa do to Mike Huckabee?
Lovely

Fuck it?
