You Senator are a disappointment
We Dont Buy Your fake sentiment...happy to let others die with half baked Tax Cut for Rich instead or real Healthcare! Why believe you now?
I'm disappointed, I know this is staffers, but, shouldn't you be giving the impression of not "working" on Sunday?
You got schooled, McCain made you look like the fool you are. you're not interested in helping anyone you're clearly just Trump's Chump
Get rid to trump
Please have the discussion go thru the normal Senate process.  It will be easier for everyone to accept a thoughtful compromise.
Get Federal gov't out of wealth redistribution & 4A violation business!
#Constitution #IndividualFreedom #COS #TaxReform #FightForLiberty
#TrumpCare
Don't be disappointed. You know you'll be glad to be President when the dust of this admin settles. #ImpeachTrumpNow https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_presidential_line_of_succession …
#FlatTax and Tax Reform. Talk to Cruz if you can't figure it out. #FightForLiberty.
The GOP is no longer able to govern, after decades of GOP saying Democrats can't govern. You need Democrats more than you know & admit to.
You need to be reseated In 2018. You are a killer of people. You are an embarrassment to the church.
Once again, John McCain shows he is a true American hero, not like the rest of the Republican lemmings following a corrupt POS and saying 0.
Protect ACA, STOP ACA hate & trying to sabatoge ACA, ACA haters continuing to put OUR lives at risk, mend ACA, not  make $ tax cut for rich.
We need #TaxReform! Flat taxes, no loopholes or special favors, downsize IRS, repeal Obamacare taxes. #FightForLiberty
We'll fix things without you, Hatch. Go back to your crypt.
Sad that you put special interests and money over the wellbeing of your constituents
You could not have had the courage of your colleague John McCain??  You knew very well that this bill was crap.
Senator Hatch - You've been in the "Senates Well" for Decades - 
Frankly, I have no faith in you, or your ability to accomplish (BLANK).
I'm disappointed in you, but I'm not surprised you thought it was good policy to stop health insurance from millions.
Many many many of you constituets are so relieved right now. People you claim to care about. So keep your ADA legacy and work to fix ACA.
Fix what we have was the only responsible thing from day one. But Hatch hates Obama enough to make Americans suffer.
Let OCare fail all on its own! The Dems own it!!!
No, actually the GOP owns a big loss tonight. Too bad, so sad.
Yes, we lost tonight's. Ore to repeal Dems OCare. But GOP is not causing the financial pain on American people & Sm Bus .. the Dems own this
"Obamacare" has always been a R plan. Introduced by them. Known as Romneycare in MA. Done without a public option to appease Rs. Get a grip.
We need #TaxReform! Flat taxes, no loopholes or special favors, downsize IRS, repeal Obamacare taxes. #FightForLiberty
Let's get #TaxReform  started.  Give us flat tax, no death tax or Obamacare tax, reduce or eliminate IRS.  Use Cruz plan. #FightForLiberty
By the way staffers, he needs to change his make up.
A voice of reason, after the "stick it down their throat" method didn't work.  Maybe you should have done it the right way first.
Fixing we can live with. So go fix and enjoy the work.
When will you learn that your "good friends," the Democrats are our enemy and mostly hate America and wish to replace the Constitution.
All of us USA peeps are not looking fwd to anything getting accomplished in DC until 2018 #resist  #votethemout2018 #SaveACA
Well, why didn't you all act like adults and work together to get it right the first time?  Play nice, you're all in the same sandbox.
Your vote on 667 was irresponsible and underscores just how tone deaf you have become to those that supported you here in Utah.
So follow a working method and not go half cocked like ya'll did
I'm disappointed too. My senators voted to continue a processing behind closed doors for a bill that would deprive millions of health care
So when are you all going to sit down and start addressing it like Kennedy and yourself used too? This trying to cram bills through is wrong
"Fix" is correct word. Welcome to the real world.
@senorrinhatch this was a terrible bill. Why did you vote for it?
Work jointly to improve ACA like all other social benefit programs had to be done. Wrong to tear it up because your party made it their goal
How about this crazy idea? Work WITH the Democrats to FIX the ACA?
They are dancing to the cries of GOP senators who couldn't get a bill passes that would kill a lot of Americans
Working together to fix things would be good. I miss the days when govt functioned.
Insurance companies are paying their top people over 9 million a year, time to regulate so our premiums and meds don't go up. Follow the $$
Now you might be catching on! Work together to #ImproveACA! This is what Americans want & deserve! Constituents are watching! 
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
Work with the Demcrats for all of America
Senator, you need a new approach. Stop trying to ramrod something through. Take the time to get it right!
We won't forget you tried to make 33million people lose their healthcare. We won't forget who gave you money. #RESIST GREED
Please stop with “repeal & replace.” Just “improve” #ACA! Fix real gaps & shortcomings for the benefit of Americans, not at our expense!
Yes. Now Republicans &Dems must Work Together to make fixes needed to make #ACA affordable for everyone & bring drug costs down
Wrong. It's we Utahns who are disappointed in you;actually, tired of you. Retire. You're completely out of touch with your constituents &
& you don't care about us, only in staying in power, and pandering to a President who breaks all tenets of your proclaimed faith. How do &
&you reconcile your conscience with this? The two cannot be mutually exclusive. Now is your time to stand up for something "virtuous..and of
&good report" Trump is diametrically opposite of everything your faith stands for. I moved back to Utah 16 yrs ago as a Repub. 15 yrs ago I
& became a Democrat. I've been horrified these past 6 months by the behavior of Republicans, you-Sen Hatch & @jasoninthehouse Do better.
Disappointed that you ignored my calls & faxes urging you to vote against taking my ACA away. But thanks for supporting Transgender rights!
You do not care abt the health & welfare of a democratic society.Go back to UT where you can suck on the fake pills which have made you rich
So glad he's no longer my senator
@POTUS Please don't sign anything these so called leaders that can't govern try to swindle us with We only want Repeal & Replace!! #MAGA
Why disappointed? Wanted to take away healthcare from MILLIONS of people and raise premiums for us all, for wealthcare for rich donors.
@senorrinhatch Join the club. We are SO disappointed in you. #RealityCheck: Tonight's #SkinnyBill defeat is a win. Thank you Dems & 3 GOPs
time for a bipartisan approach don't you think? And maybe some research on how to fix things.
btw, thanks for helping my mother & sisters turn democrat. I've been trying to do that for 25 years. Good job!
I'll be voting against you as you voted against Utah tonight. #WeWontForget
You've lost all credibility. The democrats are willing to fix healthcare, you voted to strip it away and deal with it later
If you're not going to look out for the most vulnerable Utahans it's time to let someone else do the job
What a Joke!! @SenateGOP We were promised Repeal & Replace! You all have to be replaced so we can have individuals that can govern to #MAGA
Which part don't you like? Millions of people with access to health care?  A healthier & more prosperous America? A Blackman's name on it?
Yes there is work to do, but you won't fix anything until you're willing to sit down at the table with women and Dems to work together.
You sit are wrong, Trying to Take HC away, while you still have it yourself. You have no heart or empathy
Please stick to your words and work with democrats to make our healthcare even better.  #bipartisanship
Fog and pony show. GOP = resistance = socialized medicine
Looks like you got your ass handed to you. Good.
You keep up the great work you are doing.  Don't give up, for the sake of we the people. We love you.
First tears came to my eyes that it didnt pass. Then anger. Im so pissed. How dare you not pass a total repeal. Our health is #1. SOB's
Awwwwwe ... poor widdle snowflake
Obviously you dont have a clue how important this was.
No, honey -- That's YOU. Go whine elsewhere. #bye
Lol
Epic fail; try harder, okay? #GOPfail
Fix?  Fixing will cost trillions of $$ and socialized medicine. I pay 4 ur ins, my family & my neighbors. Not one more dime of my taxes!
I want to fix your lying tongues first. OBAMAcare's prob began w/ locked out med/Expansions (and premiums go up yearly learn that!
I truly hope y'all's words about working together to fix things isn't just lip-service. We really need a functional Congress right now
Congress doesn't care about the people that actually pay the majority of the TAXES in the US?
Make all healthcare non-profit & the nonsense stops,who gets rich off sick people? That's not how it's supposed to go. High pay, non-profit
So relieved!! Now work with your colleagues, Dems and Repubs, and let's fix the ACA. You should have been one of the heroes that voted NO!
At this point I think most are just tired of the debate. You failed, you lied.Time to move on and accept, you guys have no honor...no code.
TERM LIMITS
Stripping insurance from 200k Utahans that would have led to >200 unnecessary deaths by 2026 probably is not the place to start again.
This is not the way. The procedural process alone should have been enough to dismiss this vote.
If the repeal is worth fighting for, it should be done in daylight with hearings and debates, not with a hasty vote in the dead of night
You do realize ObamaCare was pushed thru in the dead of night on Christmas Eve?
The ACA had over 14 months of hearings/ debates and included over 130 amendments from Republicans, whose input was welcomed
When is the last time you read 2300 and NO they didn't. 
Remember "You'll have to vote on it to read it"
-Nancy Pelosi
Your argument - if bad practice by Ds worked, Rs should do it too. I disagree. 

&, ACA took 1yr and Rs were brought into the process.

LIKE WHAT?... with jerks like McCain that huddle in the corner with democrats after he votes and laughs about it.. F U the lot of U 
YOU are a disappointment!
Which is what you should have done long ago.
Gee whiz, Orrin! If you'd worked with Dems out of the gate, we'd all be a lot less stressed and exhausted tonight.
don't let the fact that more Americans will stay healthy because of this get you too teary eyed...
Health insurance is not health Care nor does it change bad habits, but please, continue
go watch some Tool Time, lil dude
