Yaeh.. "Americans are getting pummeled" Now its your turn.. you been sucking tit for too long Hatch.. retire.
Then stop the sabotage. FIX the ACA, then increase taxes on rich to balance the budget and pay for the function of government.  DO YOUR JOB
Yes... yes... Let's punish all of the evil rich people for being rich. It's not their responsibility to take care of everyone else.
Not punishment. Our laws state plainly that taxes are to be set based in part on ability to pay
A flat tax or consumption tax would actually be fair. The current tax brackets are theft, and not everyone pays in. Everyone should pay in.
The current methods work fine. When everyone pays theirs, not hide from them.Our society prospered when,rich paid 97% under Eisenhower, yes?
The 50s had the highest GDP in history
You really need to do more studying and less memes.
nothing to study- I believe in National health and socialized medicine. Progressive taxes back to the 60s.
Hard-working Americans are getting pummeled by Capitalism gone wild.
Can't wait until 2018...

$471,000 from two lobbies Senator Hatch that will benefit from the #ACHA????
You received over $400,000 from companies that will benefit from ACHA?
So fix it. Don't throw the baby out with the bath water!
How did you all feel in 2010? https://www.facebook.com/thedailyshow/videos/10155491688506800/ …
So you feel obligated to make sure people are worse off instead of better off? Leaders don't just quote problems, they find solutions.
I have healthcare that is affordable because of ACA.
Work together in a BIPARTISAN manner FOR THE PEOPLE not for insurance company pay outs to you and your colleagues
We on Medicare need Dental Insurance.   Don't forget those who have paid in the system.
Repair AHCA,don't repeal. GOP's version is http://cruel.GOP  will not be forgiven for taking health care away from millions.Say NO
Because some Americans are actually bright enough to see past your rhetoric. We want to see a PUBLICIZED BILL. @SenSchumer @SenBrianSchatz
I am ashamed of the GOP, this President, and the continuation of putting money and profit before people. Show us your replacement.
Everyday it's the GOV shortcomings that are so abusive to the countless people who suffer under them.
Yes, but if you work with Ds to fix it, it would work. I had ACA and it helped. I kept my Doc. U, insurance, and other want ACA to collapse
It's not Obamacare, it's the insurance companies and high, for-profit rates for medical care. Why don't YOU use your Trumpcare?
Fix it without throwing 23,000,000 off the rolls.
We want the same healthcare that you politicians have. UNiversal Healthcare for all; nonprofit. Don't our taxes pay for yours?
Are you bought and paid for my RU as well? Please stop and read the bill, country over party! #showusthebill @WhiteHouse
So show us your solution. #AHCA #meanbill #Trumpcareinthedark
Gonafter the greedy insurance exec not vulnerable populations.
Don't forget after pummeling. GOP will Rape & leave us with a pre-existing condition & taxcuts for the wealthy un raped.
And everyone of you are plotting to destroy healthcare as you are the national parks.  Liars Liars and Liara
Who? Back to lifetime limits... great job. I guess I can pray that my back and knee don't go out again. MAGA - yeah right...
Because of inaction by GOP and failure to address shortcomings. Secrecy breeds suspicion and distrust. Reform healthcare. Don't trash it.
Condolences, O.C.costs money more than overcoming it shortcomings. Right.
Fix the areas of ACA that need fixed instead of trying to replace it with a worthless plan. You had 7 years and still are clueless
#GOP has become a mobster #TerroristParty working AN INSIDE JOB. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP no longer work FOR THE PEOPLE, but for these    
Most Americans do not have the finances or the means that you on the Hill have. We have pre-existing conditions and not a lot of money.
Why not 'fix' the affordable health care act~you can them call it the GOP HCA~but don't try to roll out a plan in 7 month! RIDICULOUS
Obamacare has helped millions of Americans. what is ur secret plan going 2 do give tax breaks to the rich? #StopTheBS #LeaveMedicaidAlone
Years ago you tried to pass  a disasterous health plan & you have not put the time needed to make it any better.
you MUST slow down passing of health care that will affect millions of Americans! What is trying to be done is absurd!
Senator Hatch, Seems that is all you can say, repeatedly and over again. You can say the same thing next week and the week after.
Quit bashing  #ACA & #ShowUsTheBill so we can see if yours is so much better as you say. Cutting 'Caid & tax breaks 4 the rich is NOT better
McCain said when asked if he'd seen the Senate health-care plan. "I'm sure the Russians have been able to hack in and have gotten most of it
That's EXACTLY what Obama planned when this horrible POS went forced into place, no surprise there.
So, is your alternative to pummel the American people with your own shortcomings?
How long before Russia is done with writing the health care bill for you?
Talk to the republican hold outs tell them we will not support those that are against Trumps work taking names many of us who expect help
@SenOrrinHatch, NO.!!! STOP TELLING ME WHAT'S GOOD FOR ME.!!!!
Fix it. Overall it's a good plan. 
Work with the Democrats. 
Don't gut it and hurt Americans just to give tax cuts to the rich.
so now you will get your turn pummeled the American public and take from the poor and elderly to fill you pockets
WHERE IS THE BILL????!!!
#FIXITDONTNIXIT #civilizeGOP #Americaneedssinglepayor
Dear Senator #DoNothing you had 7 years to fix #ACA. Instead you did nothing. Now you're worried about working people being pummeled? #ASS
So fix them. Dont craft a bill in secrecy. It does zero good to sneak #trumpcare past the voters
This Republican Party cares less about its people and more about rewarding people that have more then enough
And pummeled by payroll taxes, stagnant wages, banking system that steals retirement savings & home equity. Your indignation is repugnant.
...."And that is the reason the ultra wealthy need a tax cut" said he, behind closed doors..
Them work to fix it, instead of replacing it with a worse deal for Americans.
But you in the Senate aren't.  Waver for you, your staff your family. Why don't you go by the laws you pass for us?  We're watching.
ObamaCare happened because evil Republicans & Democrats alike didn't have the integrity to pass single-payer healthcare. @SenWarren @Dnc
You should be so ashamed. People will die because of your healthcare plan.
Because your party did not support the ACA the way it should have been.  Insurance cos. and pharma rip us off and you do nothing about it.
“Everyday, countless, hard-working Americans are getting pummeled by Congressional Republican shortcomings." Fixed it. You're welcome.
You people would bring back Osama Bin Laden if you could. Jesus Christ, you're KILLING us.  Your policies are KILLING US. PLEASE let us LIVE
If your plan is so great why is being done in secret?  Shame on on you....it is the United States.  Not the Republican state. Do it right.
Americans are ok with it, its a law not a boxer, and no one can help you with the law if you wont hold meeting or talk about it at all. 
Why r u dopes not investigating Wasserman Shultz staff espionage, DOJ leakers, Mueller not recuse himself for being Comey friend.
They will be killed by the fascist GOP's shortcomings. Better pummeled than killed.
You will cause a civil war if all Americans aren't covered by health care. Universal care is the only way to control cost and cover all.
Americans getting pummeled by GOP sabotage of ACA. GOP better have a terrific replacement plan w/ better, cheaper coverage for more people.
#senate GOP Our middle-class parents are living a long life thanks to Medicare but at some point they will need Medicaid nursing.
So, why doesn't the GOP-led Senate unite?
This bill will be devastating to mental healthcare: https://naminc.org/new-cbo-score-ahca-confirms-devastating-losses-mental-health-system/ …
This is not true
There was no transparency when Dems pushed thru ObamaCare in the dark of night, but Dems want to hide that. #RepealReplace #ObamaCareStinks
SO YOU'RE JUST GOING TO LINE YOUR POCKETS WHILE PEOPLE DIE. THE GOP SABOTAGED THE ACA, AND THEN TOLD US THE PREMIUMS WOULD SKY ROCKET! SICK!
As Republicans we should be supporting a single-payer system￼
Then you Reps need to do something about the HC. How about Americans choosing our plans and government staying out of it?
Stop lying to America!  You people suck, and seem to enjoy doing it. How well does Putin pay?  Treason have a nice ring to it?
I suggest you Establishment RINOs close down all Trump investigations or else we will vote you out the next election!!!!!!
For 6 years You did your best to tear it down. If ACA is failing, it's because you failed to do your job and chose instead to play games
Then every Republican should get on board and create a great health plan!!! Stop the bickering!!!
Thank you for speaking up for the silent majority!
Let us see the bill, cowards.
The whole nation gets pummeled every day we don't go for one payer. Thanks to the GOP's ruthless indifference the well being of the country!
Too ill to work, in excruciating pain every day, no cure. Without medicare I was bed bound. I don't want to be a prisoner in my body again.
No caps Hatch. You got a cap on your plan?
No we're getting pummeled by your shortcomings and bad choices like not taking the Medicaid expansion for more choices in insurancne
It's time for Mitch to retire. HC is a hateful bill that will kill Americans. This is treason against the citizens to knowingly harm them.
You are already on record as lying to the Senate Intelligence Committee.  You are not honest.
Pummeled alright. By the GOP that has been doing everything they can to force the ACA (Obamacare) into shutdown.
Repeal & replace listen to Rand & Lee! Rubio needs 2 quit running in 2020 & start supporting Trump! Disgusting! Support OUR President Trump!
Then fix it repeal it.
So these are just ridiculous now, you from your secretive stupid meetings and after sabataging  the ACA. One word. Disgusted.
You mean getting pummeled by corrupt SOB's like you and the rest of your greed over people party
Because you're sabotaging it!  Fix it and move on.

Or we could just call it "Devastation" . 
https://www.facebook.com/HuffPost/videos/476850485992437/ …
No matter what you do how you try to change Obamacare you can not change the fact that we had a black man as president
No matter what your grandchildren and your great-grandchildren will read it in the history books a black man was president
Liars
My son in law is alive because of the ACA. You,sir, are dishonest. Disreputable insurers and the GOP who obstructed the process = victims
Retire.... quit sucking up to #45. The entire administration is a worldwide embarrassment
@GOP + @POTUS sabotaged #ACA + everyone knows it, including Insurance CEOs. 
Stop wasting our time.
#HoldTheFloor
Are you still under investigation by @OIGatHHS for pulling #ACA enrollment ads early? #ProtectOurCare #HoldTheFloor
Are you aware @UN @UNHumanRights warned #ACA repeal could violate international law? #ProtectOurCare #HoldTheFloor

Actually, no.  Everyday lives are being saved by ACA.
You're straight up lying & trying 2 pass ur plan that will straight up devastate millions of Americans. Expand ACA or go singlepayer.
And we will be MURDERED by the GOP "healthcare" short comings. You could fix the ACA short comings instead of making it fail.
So, your bill will lend a hard count of 23 or 24 million?
#healthcare #atrocity
Why am I watching a bunch of old white men?
I thought you were retiring?
#youbreakityoubuyit
What are you hiding from the people? Something this big deserves proper consideration & debate. Healthcare & lives are not playthings.
RURAL hospitals and nursing homes will CLOSE under Trumpcare. Wake the F up #magavoters living in mostly RURAL AMERICA #maga #wakeUP
My sister has Parkinson's without Medicare she would just shake apart. stop thinking of your own wallets and about the poor who will suffer
Stop talking. Get the job done BEFORE your next vacation.
Or the GOP but hey I guess you call it like you see it huh?
#ShowUsTheBill stop hiding if you have the fix
You said only a few days ago that you've never seen the bill.
To step down . Remember, u will be judged by history n importantly, by ALMIGHTY.
Shut up!!
After your party did everything you could to weaken the markets. Your fault.
Plz, get out if other countries, stop murdering innocent Muslims n our innocent soldiers to appease the wicked. I ask you both, left n right
None of u r real Jews nor real Christians,nor good human beings. If u were, u would know ur scriptures n know that usury is against Almighty
Everyday we are being pummeled by a republican Congress that does nothing and puts party above people
All because GOP has spent years sabotaging it & party will sink in 2018. Health CARE plan is answer, not more INSURANCE. Medicare for All.
As a loyal citizen, I ask the left n right, to stop selling ur souls for wall street's blood money. All of step down
U have made our country undemocratic by having only 2 parties.A country becomes great when more voices r heard,when more ideas are respected
Because of u left n right, our country has been made into joke.the world is laughing at us. What happened to our country's morals n honor?
You are cheating us out of our health care BEHIND CLOSED DOORS! SHAME!!
So your solution is to add 23M more to the "countless" Americans getting pummeled? It only took 7 years to come up with this?  Brilliant!
So you have a new plan to pummel all but the wealthy? Nice
You need to be reformed, all if u need to step down n let fresh minds get to work. Never, has our country been so divided n demoralized
Left n right, u r all American haters. U r all in the pockets of wall street.If u love America, plz step down.u don't represent our citizens
No excuse to legislate in secret and without women at the table.   It begs the question, what are you afraid of? #TrumpCare
Ted Kennedy would be ashamed of you Senator Hatch. Where has your ethics gone?
It's will work, when you and your violentGOP, stop sabotaging it. We all see you.
But most of the worry is about illegals & refuse to work  lazy welfare trolls.
Then show us this bill you think is a 'Cure- All". Are you still thinking Americans are going to back it up?  So far--Not. Even. Close.
You are a liar
So fix them!
How can we work with you when you sneak around and hide behind closed doors? Why would we help you screw us more? Show Me what u got!!!
And we blame the #GOP everyday. You can still support it the way it was meant to be supported, but @SenateGOP rather take #healthcare away
Nope. A pummeling would be the unbelievable amount of shit that comes out of that orange pussy grabbing pet you let in the house. OUR house.
What about Russia? Are you as concerned about what they are doing?
GOP and Trump sabotaging it is causing these problems
Disengenous fuxwad
