How insane you must be! Puts people to WORK.Wait! Socialist don't want work. Weak and pathetic folks want social handouts! No work no life
A GOP congress may never again get a chance to kill so many people. Could rival the Iraq war in its total.
In fact, it will likely result in much better outcomes than if ACA is left in place.  This is an ACA rescue bill.
How so?
Ok, 1: a family of 4 will get $9000 in a refundable tax credit to put into an HSA.
That opens up a lot of options that were not available before. 2: Removal of the employer mandate will mean many people whose hours were cut
to get under the employer mandate trigger of 50 full time workers will work full time again.  Employers at just under 50 workers will hire
over all, we will see more people making more income.  Premiums for most will decline
But for those whose premiums will increase, the refundable tax credit should more than make up the difference.
go fuck yourself.
Never heard of your magazine. Likely due to the lack of creativity.

A screenshot????? OMG I take it back, you are SUUUUUPER creative.

I feel like "you w/ your kid/significant other in your avatar" is an underrated "this person is garbage" signifier
Oh, hey Sean, great take there. I'm def a garbage person for having a pretty normal avatar, I'll try to decide on my fav emoji instead.
you're a garbage person irrespective of your avatar. The avatar's just the tell
You made that determination based on a few tweets? You're probably the greatest man to ever live. I'll be sure to pass along your assessment
Imagine if your family members died like so many Americans will. Imagine the suffering of your own children. No, you can't. You're not human
Still feel this way, Avik?
"Greatest" for who?  Not for the American people.  Just for the Koch Bros. and other billionaires.
@POTUS @gop @SpeakerRyan In fairness CBO shld score how many ppl on off exchange individual mkt would lose coverage if ACA remains in place
Compare this quote to Pelosi. Pelosi has never claimed to have read any health law.
congratulations!
When an ideology is as morally bankrupt as conservatism, I guess people like you pass for its serious, responsible thinkers.
Your lifetime? What about the lifetimes of those this disgusting bill diminishes?
Hey, Avik, you’re brown. You’ll be one of the first ones they’ll put on the plane
The hand wringing and mass hysterical contagion over this HC bill is a hoot to watch!
Yea!  Cut coverage for pregnancy care!  What a great wonderful improvement to the lives of Americans.  You must not have been born.
i'll take "tweets i'm going to regret" for $800 billion, Alex
When will the GOP start recruiting actual human beings?
Both damn parties R the same. I'm an Independent Progressive & believe both parties r so corrupt, neither has right 2 run our nation.
I hope you have chronic diarrhea for the rest of your life, you sociopath
You'd better love every single word. If it passes, none will change without eliminating the filibuster. Your lesson has been taught well.
I guess you imagine your lifetime to never be challenged by life-altering illness.
Must bnice to have a life s trials and tribulat of humans
What's currently the greatest policy achievement by a GOP Congress in your lifetime?
Nice.
No, I'm genuinely curious! 

1996 welfare reform? NCLB?
And that destructive interventionist foreign policy was continued by Obama. And Liberals sat on their hands while it happened. Sit down.
Right, Obama really should've withdrawn our troops from there or something. Oh, wait.
Ahh, yes. as I suspected, you won't answer me. 

I'm surprised you didn't block me.
No, I answered you -- Obama withdrew troops. Claiming that's identical to Bush getting in is laughable
That will kill millions of people in your lifetime, fuck you
Please detail how that will happen. I'll hang up and listen to ur answer
Uninsured people sometimes die from illnesses they can't afford to treat. It's not that hard.
You mean like Obamacare
Sure, except the opposite.
Curious Matt.. with Ocare and 6000 deductibles what happens when you can't pay the deductible even though you have healthcare?
You seem to think that Obamacare increased average deductibles. This isn't the case. The growth of deductibles has been linear for decades.
But, even accepting your faulty premise, I would say that $6,000 is a lot lower than hundreds of thousands.
probably you have a good health insurance plan and dont care about us, the old and poor people.
Where did you get your education??
@POTUS @SenateMajLdr @SenJeffFlake @BenSasse @NancyPelosi @chuckschumer @SenSanders @SenWarren Greatest policy achievement by GOP Congress!
Lol
If by achievement, you mean death panels.
that's not even remotely true. You can't be this dense (willfully).
Funny, but the book isn't about how "poor people shouldn't have healthcare" and you know it
Or maybe Medicaid isn't perfect, which is also true, and therefore maybe "fails the poor" Underfunded can be 1 aspect. Lots of room there
Being a decent policy guy I'm sure he has some valid reasons which can be debated on the merits, but I'm also sure you don't care for it
Were you dropped on the head as a child?
My friends whose lives depend on Medicaid access will disagree. Violently., I suspect.
Hmmm ~ depends on where you fall on the lib ~ conservative spectrum
That is one Hell of an endorsement.
Yeesh. The comments remind me of the gasoline fight from Zoolander. Or, less delightfully, the vomiting scene from The Exorcist
should be interesting to see what comes out of conference and if reconciliation is needed
dude this is a hot take my dawg
What I don't get is why you'd sacrifice the well-being of millions for a policy that Kansas had proven in reality to be a complete failure.
Tell @JohnCornyn he can't read.
The Liberals have their minions in lockstep. Their responses to the HC bill are so expected, I could write them myself. #AHCA
I believe your healthcare is subsidized by taxpayer money, sir, as a retired Coastie.
Yes it is, including my own taxes. It's a small price we pay our vets to protect and defend this great country. Thanks for your contribution
I believe you served to protect all Americans. This bill will endanger 24,000,000 people, mostly women. That is 5x the population of Finland
Are you aware that two more insurance companies are dropping Ocare?
There was no doubt that ACA needed some changes. My concerns are mainly defunding Planned Parenthood, maternity & female cancer screening.
You are being fed a narrative that is disingenuous.
Achievement??? Are you out of your mind??!!My premiums will double for less coverage.  How nice for YOU, maybe. You are cruel.
I can't pay 5 times the premium if a young person, and I have ore-existing cindition
Maybe you can just directly suck people's blood now instead of doing it through a complicated network of tubing you despicable vampire.
..stop it, now you're acting like an 8 year-old.
If your goal is to rip healthcare away from the poor and middle class to engineer tax cuts for the very richest. Then YES. Congratulations.
Why is there any bill at all? Besides, since congress ceded its authority, poliburo apparatchiks will keep rewriting it for decades.
It will be the worst disaster for the health of children, the disabled, and low-income seniors in our lifetimes.
Achievement? You and I obviously have a different understanding of what that word means.
Why's that?
Because the @GOP is evil, so killing and endangering the most people is "the greatest".
genuinely curious: how do you think 60 year old people are going to get insurance?
I don't care if they get insurance. I want them to get healthcare. ACA nor this does it.
This tweet indicates you really don't know how this whole system works. You need health insurance to access healthcare.
That's his point, he would like to bypass Insurance altogether.
Then support single payer, loudly, and convince others to also, instead of making wistful statements detached from reality.
So in thirty years, will everyone be kissing Trump's ass like they do Regan's now?
oh really? Why?
Giant tax cut to rich people by screwing poor, sick people. Freedom!
I think they're trying to encourage people to get off their welfare gettin asses to get jobs. Theyre giving a reason for people to get rich.
You dont know what youre talking about. Youre just trolling. Go back to playing videogames.
Alright. Go back to sitting on the couch watching guys hit balls with sticks.
Really?
Nothing more than a @gop sanctioned genocide, because, you know, building death camps would take too long
Wow. This is amazing. "Genocide", "camps"...
Big leap, there hyperbole-boy!
Really? Just ask those who are going to lose benefits and coverage for themselves, their children, & parents. They may feel differently.
The more people they kill, the prouder they'll be. #Murica
Please provide details on how it kills and how many. We'll wait. Thanks
They can't. They just read the official DNC talking points that are mailed to them.
Drastic cuts to Medicaid, which covers ~50% of births and 2/3 of elderly in long-term care. US already lags in infant mortality.
It's a reduction of expansion. Back to the states where it belongs. You fell for Lib talking points
But yeah, I fell for those radical lib orgs like AMA, AHA/FHA, ACS, etc. Darn it! Fooled by science and evidence again!
You probably like Obamacare, so that explains it. As my ins just got cancelled. Thanks Libs
Right? SO many people losing health care! High fives all around!
Great policy achievement to conservatives is people dying because they no longer have health care
Is "achievement" really the word you were looking for? Damning praise if so. As if the @GOP goal is to be cruel and kill people for tax cuts
On its surface, I like how it pushes states for their own solution, but need unbiased analysis before I make real decision. B nice
You are being sarcastic, right?  How much do you get paid?  Is it enough to help you sleep at night?  Hope U never show up to my ER
If @Avik says this is a good bill. It's a good bill. I'm still going to read it though.
Did you adapt that quote from Eichmann?
The word great isn't always positive. Great Plague  Great Depression You will achieve something alright. Killing most ppl by a single bill.
But is it simply a transfer of wealth from the poorest among us to the richest yet again?
Time to herd cats?
Don't cream your jeans there, big guy.
Anything short of full repeal is a failure. It's putting the Dem noose of Obamacare around the necks of Republican hacks #FullRepeal
Doesn’t lack of replacement for individual mandate make the exchange risk pool toxic?
*scowl* My diabetic, insulin-dependent brother who is on Arizona's Medicaid will lose his insurance, you heartless (don't use that word)
You left out the word negative before policy.
Wow!
Your sick and every true American already understands this bill is nothing but a tax cut for the rich- kudos WTG @GOP & @realDonaldTrump
This may be the stupidest thing I've ever read.
What are you? A sadist? How many families do you want to see dead? All so the uber rich don't have to pay for our public services? Crazy!
Is a longer post on this coming to share what policy objectives this achieves, trade offs?
You have some f--up priorities.
Obamacare sucks, thank you for getting rid if it!!!
That is a very sick thing to say. Shame on you.
You ghouls really do love it when poor people die, huh?
Let's just go back to the old system b4 OCare where uninsured were paid for by the tax payer, or remained sick and a drag on the economy.
In that it brings the destruction of the GOP? Greatest policy achievement indeed
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Twitter is great for finding new, repulsive jerks to loathe...
This is garbage
It's unfortunate that think-tanks created a world in which their names so often express the opposite of their intentions.
Better than the BOFA act?
What is BOFA act?
get outta here
short life
Can you read?
Well you won't get it
Avik Roy, it's such a treat for someone other than a Potty-Mouthed- Liberal to speak in favor of this near-done project.  Thanks!
The cruelty of the modern GOP laid bare. They consider taking healthcare from vet & kids to give the wealthy a tax break a great achievement
Lovely to see a REAL expert rip you a new one so large, Captain Sully could fly a 737 through it.
That's not what I'm hearing
Why? Serious question. I don't have enough printer paper to print all 142 pages.
Go ahead, people will turn..... when they realize you are giving to the rich to take from them. It may take time, but they will turn on you.
tell me how "~$1 trillion tax cut for wealthy to cut Medicaid/low & middle income family HC by same amount" isn't an accurate description
But for the grace of G-d go you and yours...
The poor should just hurry & die, amirite? But hey! Great "policy achievement"!
Will I be able to buy health insurance on the open market? Will I pay a penalty if I don't buy any?
Delete your account.
If this is what you consider achievement, you need to become a better human being. This is a #despicable bill. It's passage will be shameful
Yeah if you are rich
Someone should put you in a dark vault without oxygen for a few hours so you know how this feels. Get some empathy u reptile.
You look like you won 3rd place at a Chevy Chase lookalike contest
It is a BIG STEP in Socializing America...!
right...?
That's what the Vatican Rothschilds UKRoyalty Rocefeller
CRIMINALS WANT!
right..?
Yep, it will be the single most cruel piece of legislation written in secret and passed by people only concerned with cutting taxes.
You are hallucinating out loud.
You're disgusting
Oh look another lying propagandist, twisting the facts. You're not looking at the whole picture and making wild assumptions. Stop it.
Or the Greatest Failure....still lots of exclusions here.  If it passes, doesn't mean the public will go for it!
Because it was put together in secret by group of white men representing 25% of population, affecting 100% and 1/6th of economy? #Governance
Strange, you don't look like a 6-month old.
Endorsement enough for me.
Bullocks.  It will kill
That's a low bar.
Passes like a stony bollus from an elderly McConnell rectum.
@Avik I'm willing to bet you $10,000 that premiums will not go down for comparable coverage and 10-20 million people will lose insurance.
Do you find it odd that no medical group shares this opinion? None of my MD colleagues approves, not even the conservative ones.
Senate Bill has "means tested" tax credits? no wonder the democrats are livid, it could mean the end of a lot of federal govt giveaways!
You do mean death sentence..like war and NRA guns ..

Would you be able to go in more details please?
Where is the creative policy thinking? You’re bluffing, I believe.
Another sphincter says "what"?
Prejudiced people drag in insults & the "it's for the rich" meme w/o knowing ANYTHING about the Senate GOP's HC bill's contents.
Congratulations!  Must be very satisfying to know that millions of Americans will suffer & some of them will die, what a proud day for you!
Great review. Thanks for cutting through the hysteria from both sides.
You had that tweet written yesterday.
I can't tell if this is serious or not. I assume no one is stupid enough to say this straight.
Are you that evil?
That's a sad commentary.... it's an amendment reconciliation bill...not policy.
Mind boggling that someone calls taking away healthcare from millions to give a tax cut to rich  a "policy achievement"
Taking healthcare away from poor people to give millions of dollars in tax breaks to rich people is an achievement? You are one sick person
Elaboration, please?
This is violence against the American people unmatched by any other proposed policy in my lifetime—now I know what GOP considers great.
The simple fact liberals are losing their minds over it makes me think it ain't that bad
Do you think ill health cares who you support? I think I'd always prefer more cover rather than less...
#GOP loves to say ACA is in a death spiral. Then responds by eliminating individual mandate? Premiums for quality plans will likely soar.
 I assume you're not pregnant?
were you born in January?
Yes, never would so much lasting misery have been created by 142 pages of text.
Damed by faint praise.
Really? What about Medicare part D or PEPFAR? No Child left Behind? Those programs worked & had bipartisan support. How old is this guy 3?
Great for the rich, bad for those that really need health care.
Maybe if you're rich it is........
Hedge fund boy of odd interest.
You're a monster
Pretty low standards, ay?
You are kidding right?
Lets get this done!
Until the "randomly shoot poor people in the street" act of 2019
So poor people can suffer while the ultra-rich get tax breaks? Sick.
That's very sad
Avik, if that's the case (and I hope it is), why are so many on the right so disdainful & say it locks in O'Care/eschews free market reform?
sellout! #ReplaceTheGOP
Really?
That's not saying much.
Then what's going on with the Senators?
U call denying people health care an "achievement"? You are morally repugnant and lack integrity.  And in five minutes, you'll be /blocked.
You are a monster.
yeah screw its affects! just look at the corrupt achievement!
What makes it great?
By what metrics do you determine This?
#Trumpcare
Murdering that many people WOULD be pretty impressive.Trump seems to really respect dictators,this would be a step in that direction 4 him.

You should be proud (heavy sarcasm).
Sociopath
Avik, like every Republican, wants there to be a moral justification for extreme selfishness.  Except there isn't one.
What's the second greatest achievement: voting themselves raises?
Will it decrease premiums,copays,deductibles; increase competition;reduce liability and subsidies?
BULLSHIT!

Greatest policy achievement for RICH.  For everyone else, not so much.  GOP values it's rich constituents, not it's poor.  It SUCKS!
Thank you!  That's what I said after I read it. All these ppl complaining & crying without reading it are really annoying
My biggest weakness? I care too much. I work too hard.
You cold callus excuse making wishful thinking sob. You and your cronies at about to kill people.  Can't explain it away, this is evil.
Why?
Are you on drugs? Or are you a establishment squish? Ridiculous.
Do you realize how little you're actually saying with that statement?
So you are for destruction of the middle class and almost all women?
