A litter of piglets rescued from a barn fire have been served up as sausages to the firefighters who saved them http://thetim.es/2vXS7m2  
Note: While this was tongue-in-cheek, its beautiful that these first responders were rewarded for risking their lives with delicious sausage
The pork industry is responsible for roughly 1,200 jobs in rural Utah -->
Had a great discussion today about how important trade is to Utah's ag industry, particularly pork producers. http://www.sltrib.com/opinion/4756281-155/op-ed-utah-pork-producers-seek-opportunities … #utpol 
Prostitution employs a lot of people too. Do jobs make something better?
implying prostitution is inherently immoral
Wait, you think this is beautiful?  Are you kidding?
As a producer, I can tell you it's beautiful. Would you rather the piglets die in a fire? They got to grow & provide nourishment. Beautiful.
It's good they were rescued from dying horribly in a fire, and I realize they were raised for meat. I just find it difficult to accept.
Violence to innocent others is always wrong. Listen to your inner voice. Watch "Earthlings". Choose LOVE, Choose VEGAN.
I LOVE my animals. I care for them and give them a great life. In return they provide nourishment to me & others. I choose HEALTHY MEAT.


Be interesting to have context for the pic. But IMO you wld be better served fighting the plight of impoverished children.
Aaaaaaaa
How cute
Is the entire GOP filled with idiots?
Yes.
It was a rhetorical question, but thank you
I knew it was rhetorical but it felt good to answer.
I mean, sausage is sausage! It probably tasted fantastic! 
Was it worth the bad publicity he is getting
This tweet is classic. Can he read or only look at pictures?
Maybe he just finds it beautiful?
Everyone, please read the article...
I read as much of the article as permitted, and it says exactly what the headline said. What did you see that we missed?
Yup. That's what I read, too. Many say joking about this is in poor taste. The firefighters beg to differ. #mmmmpork
Get to work and protect the US from Russia and their spies in the White House you pathetic partisan.
You're a sick fuck.
What?!?
Please tell me you read bills more thoroughly than you did this article?
Doubtful
This is wrong, they should have lived on animal rescue farm.
ah... a conservative. You can tell by the obligatory insult.
but... I don't see a single comment calling anyone a murderer, and I didn't think your 'joke' was funny. Enjoy your life.
So they weren't saving the pigs' lives but rather saving the farmer's bacon. #sorrynotsorry
@claireleiser
Keep talking Senator, eventually you'll cook your way out of this
shit like this is why your constituents hate you
Heartless, like you - Makes sense as you're doing just this to the people and the land you should be saving
Ironic, I think the word you were searching for was ironic.
Is Donald trump and family , jaja
Please be a joke, please be a joke, please be a joke...

Wow, most repliers are so far removed from where their food comes from and the purpose of animal agriculture. The story IS beautiful.
Senator, WitAF is wrong with whoever is your twitteraide?!
WTF is wrong with you?
Here piggy, piggy piggy 

Wtf is wrong with you???? Oh yea you're a republican you only care about yourself
You are disturbed.
Geezus, dude! This is moronic. Take it down. You pulled a Baio.
Are you joking?
Disgusting
Sick and twisted. Not beautiful.


Seriously?
From the fire into the frying pan! Gawd! Really Beautiful?
Huh?
WTF?????
dude what the fuck?
#GOP2SCARED ? #GOPPAIDOFF ? #GOPPAY4PLAY ? #GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP ? #GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK ? #GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP ? #IAMFEDUP #Scruples4Rubles #IMPEACH
@kranzmanifesto
You're a sociopath if you think that!
Sick.
Stuff of nightmares
Lol
WTF??? 
I love bacon too. But not baby bacon. This is just sick! Like the entire GOP.
What's so ?&$#-ing beautiful about it?  Are you senile?
What a stricking metaphor for what's happening to your democracy!
How could they eat those poor harmless little pigs? 
What the hell is wrong with you!?!


This is sort of a Republican problem, isn't it?
What the fuck.
You are one sick man.
I'd like to go one day without saying, "I honestly can't make this stuff up".   @TheOnion can't make this stuff up.
Between you and the president, whom would you say has the lowest reading comprehension?
WTF! Did your staff read it properly?
Is this a joke? WTF is right!!
Firemen save pigs only to be eaten by them. GOP save Trump only to be destroyed by him. Yes, I see the analyogy you were going for.
dude
I don't wanna know what you consider disgusting
It reminds me of the GOP supporting Trump and now being primaried out of office by him. SAD!
Sick!!! Just a sick mind and heart!
Oh look Orrin, you're in there, too!
What? Sick.
This is just. Weird.
Oops.
What the heck is wrong with you Senator?
Where is freaking #PETA . Oh wait, they might be njoying the sausage too. 
This is utterly disgusting.
The moment when you know it's time to retire 
You're a very disturb human being much like your POTUS
I'm a hunter, I love sausage but this is weird! Save them only to butcher them?
Some of the women are really upset about this. Say they should have had long happy lives b4 becoming sausage. Old pork == bad sausage??
You're mental.
Ummm nonot beautiful this is disturbing. Like they ate the pigs they saved? I get that we eat pigs. I eat pigs. But this seems fucked up
Jesus. Wtf.
Not funny.I love pigs!
@thetimes @KeithOlbermann  
 MUCH better picture 
You are seriously just as twisted and vulgar as Der Trumpenfuhrer.  #YouHaveNoShame
 Wow! #GoVegan
Sick!!!!
whoever wrote this tweet for you is a horrible person. You are a failing old man with no sense left. Time for you to retire. Spare us.
Really 
What in the fuck is wrong with you?
Are you fucking serious?
Calling a story about piglets being saved from a fire&then served as food as "beautiful", is really weird. Even if you're not a vegetarian.
that's f-ed up Hatch
This is not funny it is disgusting.. pigs r sentient beings as r all animals. If these were puppies ud b up in arms. #mercyforanimals
Classic Trump senator
It's actually sickening. Seriously. You're supposed to be the saving grace? Oh, dear Lord.
What an ass, I mean really.
Are you crazy, or do you have dementia with this tweet
What is wrong with you @senorrinhatch ?
WTF???
Are you kidding me???
this is ridiculous. i can't even stop laughing long enough to come up with something witty to say.
Mike Huckabee quality humour here.
I've seen so many compliments like this today. Congrats again, Orrin! You nailed it!
LOL.
You must really love some sausage.
Really you, or your social media people, are classless.
Senator Orrin Hatch, you are disgusting to think this is 'beautiful'. What a stupid thing to say.
Ewww, that's gross Senator Hatch
#Nutjob
"This really beautiful."  I'm trying to wrap my mind around that adjective as it relates to this story, and I got nothin'.
You are sick. Spending to much time with trump. #spineless
WTH is wrong with you? I guess the lack of empathy is a prerequisite for being a member of the @GOP. Just wow.
Seriously
Are you Fu&&&&&& insane ????
Rescued? Possibly, there were more accurate words to use.
URINE IDIOT.
Your joke was not funny, but then look whom it comes from.
When a US Senator has nothing better to report on when we have missing sailors...and a horrendous weather situation...DISGUSTING!!!!
This isn't funny, or beautiful, what kind screwed up in the head are you?
Hard to tell who the pig is in this post.
omg, how tasteless and insensitive!
Are you trying to out trump trump with the stupidity?
"beautiful" might not be the word. "Cruel irony" might be more to the point. #sad
It's seriously sickening and horrifying.
This is really disturbing.
what the fuck
what the fuck
every time i've rescued an animal, i've NEVER thought to eat them as some reward for being compassionate.
That's pretty fucked up #LookAtWhatYouMadeMeDo
Yes, that these piglets were saved and then butchered is truly "Beautiful," Senator! Sickening is more like it.
Disgusting.
Even though I enjoy sausage I would find this *gift* to be distasteful.
Have you lost your mind????
Disgusting and shameful
Have you lost your mind?
And to think..THIS man is 45's replacement. I think we all know where pork comes from. It's not new, but.. It's just not an easy visual.
Dafuq is wrong with you
I wish pinchy was here to enjoy this
This is sick what's wrong with you?
Who is your safety contact?
What was the point in saving them?
Seriously? It's sick and demented.
What on Earth have they been putting in your covfefe?
who TF is running his social media?!?!
You are just as effed up as Trump.
A lot of the times you should really just keep your hatch shut, Orrin. Your pandering skills are way off on this.
Can you believe this was posted by a US Senator? Unbelievable, I can't.
@senorrinhatch Ur disgusting! Firefighters work to SAVE these little guys & then they were killed & fed 2 same firefighters! #NotBeautiful
What was the point of rescuing them if they were only going to be murdered later on?
This is disgusting
I thought this had something to do with the Mayor Koch saying Trump is all "piggy piggy piggy."
Mormon love.
Youre sick
While i do love sausage, I think a pardon was in order for these survivors.
Sickening
What the fuck.
Sen, Hatch is salivating over this story.
Evidently he's gone mad along with the rest of the gop....we didn't really need to see this and I hope the pork industry takes $ hit from
So this is metaphor for Republicans rescuing people only to devour them.  You're right, it's beautiful, a perfect portrait.
That's not beautiful--it's horrifying.
I'd say the @GOP eats more pork than all of America, at the trough of American wealthy oligarchs!
Beautiful???? WTF?? Just the title of the article makes me sick to my stomach. No way I am going to read it!!
One reason why people become vegan? Compassion.
Watch:  http://www.nationearth.com . Have a  #GoVegan
Make those 1200 jobs #PlanetFriendly
That is disgusting
You're just one out of many in that basket of deplorables huh Alfalfa?
Nothing personally against old ppl but to many crazy old men in Washington.
What? Are you crazy?
And this folks, from the next president of the US. Out of the frying pan and into the 
