@SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins are heroes to millions of Americans. Thank you senators!
Pray for all the kids he killed around the world. DON'T PRAY FOR THIS CORUPT MAN. Devil waiting for you MCCAIN
Really GUYS?
Pray for McCain? Who's going to pray for the rest of us now that he's supporting the new healthcare bill? He's  no hero there.
I love you John Mc Cain.  God bless you. I will be praying for you.  Thank you for doing the right thing today.  You are my hero!
Yes you need a healthy McCain to destroy what's left of the social safety net and destroy the lives of working Americans.  #GOPsucks
me
God bless you Mr McCain, you are a role model to us all, my prayers are with you!
Republicans wanted this for 7 years,now they can't even get the AHCA repealed.Another http://embarrassment.You  all deserve to lose the Senate
I hope you people listened to his speech.  Best speech in many years.
Better listen to him because it is going to take many of you too to rein in this President. He is destroying institutions.

Save the lives of your people sir.  Vote No on Trumpcare every time please
Hero? For crashing and selling us out? POS
Screw you McCain for not voting to repeal Obamacare. Not one more dime to any republican again. I'm done.
Repeal the Individual Mandates and Penalties in 'Obamacare' or we repeal you in next election. What would be the point in voting for you?
NO THANX!Voters would rather u retired+let @POTUS finally #MAGA w/out ur obvious collusion w/Dems+RINOs to obstruct him every day!#GetLost
McCain is a sell-out to the American people, like many others in the congress.
This long-time AZ Republican voter is GREATLY disappointed in McCain's vote.  I may not longer support the GOP any longer.
You have always been a hero. THANK YOU also for voting against the repeal of the ACA.  Glad you stood up to the bullying POTUS
McCain - a beneficiary of taxpayer funded, government Hcare - left his hospital bed so that he could remove the same benefits for others.
Stop putting party over country & show Trump there are consequences for his actions!
Just fix the price problems with the ACA, everything else is good...or vote in single payer.  Work we Dems. All Americans need a HC.
A true American hero. Don't forget how @POTUS shit on his bravery and valor. Country not party first, follow his example. Get well sir!
Huh? When did he not put his party first?
Praying for God to heal you. Your the backbone of our UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
@JohnMcCain to get up from your hospital bed to gamble with the lives of millions of Americans is something you will reckon with.
Now that McCain has screwed over Americans, he should pray for us since many won't be able to afford healthcare while he gets care he needs.
.@senateGOP and .@sen.johnmcCain GOP doesn't give $#!+ about America only care about rich old white men! Bunch of Racists Obstructionists!
No we're not.
RU going to let Sessions hang with McCain while U hide beneath Mcconnell's waddle? #shameonGOP #DumpTrump #SaveMedicaid #SaveACA PLEASE!
U will care, when he comes for YOU & YOURS. When the USA is a 3rd world country & UR $$ dries up. FACT CHECK: TRUMP SCREWS HIS PARTNERS!
The day Trump said he likes ppl who weren't captured? U should have closed the book!  Russia had NO credibility until Trump. #traitors ACT.
Sen McCain has BRAVELY challenged 45 on #Putin, & UR letting him hang for it. U ALL OWE THIS COUNTRY THE SAME LOYALTY. Trump is not GOP.
He is just another hypocrite of your corrupted party.
Pray for all the people you will screw and will die because of you I am a physician and know what your health care bills really are

AARP is disheartened that a majority of Senators voted to move forward on a bill that would devastate millions of Americans.
Republicans need to impeach Trump
McCain needs to stop the Republicans healthcare bill before millions of Americans won't have insurance
What's wrong with you McCain I thought your for vets an American people millions won't have Medicaid Republicans healthcare bill expensive
I wished Sessions had 1/2 the cajones of Pelosi.  Fire that traitor.   Sessions protects illegal Deep State leakers, obama corruption.
Today will make or break the future of the Republican Party. Either GOP senators will do what they said they will do, or lie to the people.
Cancer AND PROBABLY UNABLE TO THINK CLEARLY!
Don't b FAKE I DONT CARE ABOUT MCCAIN U DRUG HIM BACK JUST TO DO SATANS WORK! ONLY REPUBLICANS WOULD TAKE ADVANTAGE OF A MAN WITH BRAIN
HOW MUCH HAS SENATOR MCCAIN'S HEALTHCARE COST IN JUST A WEEK?
We're all praying that Creator puts us out of our misery soon. You traitor
We wish the guy well and u SCREW the public with a BAD health bill = how dare you. Hope  it continues to plummet, all repub  lose seats.
Where would you be without your beyond incredible healthcare plan? I cannot believe you voted for this. Unbelievable.
FUCK JOHN MCCAIN
When can we repeal the senates healthcare. I'm tired of paying for their care.
I have always had great respect for Senator McCain. I lost that today. The desire to be part of the herd overwhelmed his compassion

Please Sir - Americans believe in you.  PLEASE ensure we keep health care!!
Shame on you all @GOP
His legacy was cemented today.
Kill the bill
Yes, but how would U feel if we took away your healthcare now? oh-- forgot you set your salaries so high it doesn't matter 2 U.
Silver lining should they pass this disastrous piece of garbage, is Trump & his co-conspirators will be out of office B4 they can implement
Remember that when you vote on Americas #HealthcareBill VOTE NO SAVE LIVES! #SaveACA
he's getting great health care too. Lucky man
#McCain please see the value in having #HealthCare. How it terrorizes ppl w/out means 4 decent care. MAKE #ACA BETTER, mind ur legacy!
It's great he's better.  Tax Payer Funded Healthcare obviously worked wonders for the good Senator.  Why does he want to take it from me?
Perhaps the tax payer funded drugs haven't worn off yet....
Hypocrisy: Having great healthcare while denying it to others  #VoteNO #Healthcare4All #TrumpcareKills #WeWon'tForget
A brave hero now that his vote matters to @realDonaldTrump
Support others w/ cancer & pre-existing conditions!!! VOTE NO!!!!!!!!!!
New York is praying for him.
hope you're on the mend. Do the right thing today and don't repeal the ACA. We all need affordable heath care.
I can tell you right now all we think & talk about is how you took a real chance to be successful w/ voters & betrayed us & @POTUS, for Dems
We are praying that you people get voted out in 2018 primaries! We are so disgusted with your attempted Cue by stalling & Mueller support!

Simple fact - Today, @SenateGOP are voting to strip healthcare to provide large tax cuts to the wealthiest Americans. 
#BackDoorGenocide
Do u have scruples or will u bend to?We r watching.Do the right http://thing.VOTE  NO today.If u bend he will u just likeJeff. #fact
Praying 4his health & praying that he(&u)doesn't take away the health care coverage he is lucky enough to have. We deserve care too!WE VOTE
While you return to Mayo for best healthcare available.. not the legacy you want to leave I think.
Dear John if you vote yes, you will go down in history as a man who voted to take healthcare away from 20+ million
Let's see McCain sign up for Trumpcare instead of the free healtcare he gets. Then maybe he'll make the right decision.
and thankful that his care is paid for by the american tax payer...something all american's should have too
can you imagine..having cancer..after the repeal of obamacare?  I think that's the definition of evil
You have house senate SC and potus and you keep the USA out of single payer making millions of hard working Americans die earlier. Psychos!

7,000 Nuns
"The sisters say they are 'united in opposition to the current Republican health care proposals.'" http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_597616a6e4b00e4363e11315/amp?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 …
It better happen today or we the people will come and fire everyone!  We want our country back...no more corruption in our country/over it
Good, we need at least one ethical senator

Please remind those who don't understand, #BCRA denies access. Junk policies or unaffordable pre-ex pools = no access, no chemo, radiation. 
We the people want it fixed today and a vote or we will take control of the house and everyone will be fired!  No vacation until it's fixed
#JohnMcCain will go down in history as the man who jumped up from his deathbed to cast a vote that sent millions of others to their deathbed
8 California Republicans flip flopped and voted for huge tax increases. One was gas 63cents a gallon! How can we trust anything Gop says?
SEN. MCCAIN A MAN WILLING TO STAND UP ON PRINCIPLES

Thousands of desperate patients flock to free clinic at outdoor makeshift hospital in Virginia http://nydn.us/2uRyCvw  
You all lied to us for the 3rd & last time.  Get the Trump agenda implemented NOW.  You all make me sick.
I pray he has little or no pain, recovers as well as possible and changes to become a republican
Sad, but all you attention should be on healthcare so voters can get the care they need. We don't have Senate healthcare #RepealAndReplace
McCain is a Traitor
Prayers for McCain and ACA - What if Senator McCain had no health care? Think on THAT Republicans! Save ACA and improve it. #SaveACA
I guess you can't languish with cancer too long. Need to take HC from 32mm. Please vote NO to any repeal. Where would YOU be w/o your HC?
Senator McCain Stay Home and Recuperate. This GOP Mess will be around when you get back. Why show up and share the Blame?
At least Mc Kane will get the best health care available. He's a very lucky man he doesn't have to depend on Obama Care.
McCain is why we need ACA improved NoT repealed. If you have no insurance or a stripped down plan, you could not cope with 76k surgery,
You would not be able to afford chemo/ radiation. You would be bankrupt and lose your job! Those unpaid bills get passed to us all!!VOTE NO!
Amen, praying for you!
But yet rushing him back to work for a blind vote that affects all Americans or are we officially Russian 
Praying for you to endanger yourself for a vote on something that has yet to be identified! Really hard ball there! Disgusting!
Senator I pray for your recovery but your trip to Washington is senseless!
Don't prayer for him you devil worshippers. We love you mc Cain
Your prayers and support didn't last long. You would try to get his doctors to allow him to fly to DC for Trumpcare vote. Heartless!
Thoughts and prayers for Senator McCain
McCain has better healthcare than most Americans . Repeal n replace with Medicare 4All. Software is there n we get provider choice too
What amazes me is why the GOP senate is not condemning Trump for his words and actions. If it was Dems they would be crucified. Disgusting
WE WANT HIS HEALTHCARE....REPEAL AND REPLACE O'CARE YOU ARE COWARDS..WE WILL REPEAL AND REPLACE YOU , REPUBS. AND DEMS.WE THE PEOPLE R MAD!!
No re any trumpcare
Show genuine respect. Let him come back when he's ready. Or, you could rush his sick bed, get him to sign something while groggy...
All the Senate has to do tomorrow is vote EXACTLY like they did in years past when Obama was President. 

Will they hold to their word?
https://twitter.com/ten_gop/status/888954791103275009 …

Catholic bishops condemn Senate’s ‘simply unacceptable’ Trumpcare & RepealAndRun bill https://thinkprogress.org/faith-groups-health-care-109aa634022 … @GOP @senrobportman @JeffFlake
For years John McCain has been a leader and put country before party.  Now more than ever, we need the rest of you to follow that example.
I will pray for the thousands of VETS who are on waiting lists to get health care because you guys can't do your job.
What goes around comes around
You lose Chuck you're really in big trouble because he's willing to work w/Dems., some of you are not but why not?
for what is right for America. I respect him for that. Not too many like him today. HERO in many ways.
I'm a Democrat & Sen McCain is one Republican w common sense who loves his country &willing to put politics aside
TRAITORS! You have time to pass sanctions with regards to this Russian Hoax but not do what you promised, Repeal and Replace Obamacare.
We pray for a divine intervention in your case. God can do it if you believe. Pls support #Biafra Republic. Thank you
Russia and John MCCain change nothing get to work and repeal Obamacare or we will find some that will
@SenJohnMcCain doesn't approve of you guys kissing Putin's ass.
Spineless. 
Praying for returned health,in Jesus name!
Republicans are in full control of government — but losing control of their party  BACK @POTUS OR LOSE VOTERS
Don't blame McCain for your inaction!!!  Pray for him, but you should honor him by your actions!!  Goooooo....!!!! Do something!!!
How  mccain hung out with isis taliban, alqueda I've seen the pictures on twitter, gop mcmahon trump russia don't support these guys no more
Wishing YOU a full recovery.  Wishing the rest of your party, a speedy demise.
Prayers to this Hero! Imagine the average American having cancer w/out proper healthcare. Leave the current healthcare plan in place for now
The average American in your place, Sir - wouldn't have the Healthcare to receive treatment. At least as is we have care while It's fixed!!
Keeping you in our prayers and hoping for a full recovery for one of our true heroes
Is Jon really sick or were we starting to connect the dots,to close for comfort? McCain receiving lot MONEY! #Playing both sides HIPOCRIT
Senate GOP wants his vote not the hero who thinks and says what he thinks right to the face of his enemies.
I care about McCain dying of cancer as much as he would care about me or any other person dying.
Feel bad for Mcain but all of u should be in jail or worse 4 undermining the wants and needs of the American people we have had enough
Yes Sir we are!
US veterans need to stick together.  My prayers & support are with Senator McCain!
OH GOD KINDLY CURE SENATOR JOHN MCCAIN...HE IS AN IDOL FOR ALL OF US..ALL THE GOOD AND BEST WISHES FOR SENATOR JOHN MCCAIN.GOD BLESS SENATOR
Got an idea how about you pray Sen.McCain.
For all the Christians in Syria that died because of your "so called rebels".
#JohnMcCain
I just lost an Uncle on Christmas at 60 years old to cancer,who had his 1st grandchild on the way. I will pray for a speedy recovery for you
Beautiful tribute to an American Hero.  We r praying for u  Sen McCain. Keep the faith, God speed.
Please don't come back
Anything but a her a corrupt senator he's a Soros puppet #endcorruptionincongress
#FakeNews
My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family Senator McCain!  Get well soon!
of course sen mccain will use his local Va for treatment
We remain firmly by your side, dear friend and great Senator John McCain!!! Our prayers are with you and your family!!!
Pastor James
Hopefully this Illness is the reason he has been behaving like a COMMUNIST Maybe the surgery will eradicate his tendency to be Anti American
Prayers for God's Love and Healing Hands to restore you!
I'm not a Republican, but I fully agree.  You are a good man, Mr. McCain and my thoughts and prayers are with you daily.
AlohaMorning@SenJohnMcCain,#ParadiseChronicleWeLeftAW/PRRep,Lynn#MayoClinic#Praying@ItsBMcKnight#BrunoMars#JustinBieber
Tell yoir so called friends to stand up for America stop kissing Mr Trumps ass
If he was on a standard plan he'd need all the prayers he's got an oligarch health plan he will be fine
Sen. McCain is one of the  great Americans and one of the few politicians I truly admire. In a class of his own, he is a man of integrity!
Get well Senator. You are a gentleman and a scholar. Rare qualities in DC.
God save John McCain
I also pray for the great friend of the Iranian Resistance, Senator John McCain
It's FAKE SINCERITY!! It's the loss of a vote the @GOP truly mourn
John McCain is far Superior to @POTUS & all @GOP He truly embodies the American spirit! puts the needs of the country 1st not party bull-sh!
