bigger danger in covering up Russia's hacking of our democracy to protect pres and his treasonous goons so u get tax cuts for rich
you do realize that Comey said that there is zero evidence that the Russians hacked the election?
Umm, that is quite a mischaracterization right there.
It was Comey or the Admiral who said it, but he said explicitly that there's no evidence that Russia hacked the election.
Depends on how you define "the election" I suppose.  Changing votes--no.  Hacking DNC to influence voting public--???
And define hack while you're at it. How do you "hack" an election?
YES PLEASE. Do define "hacked the election". Getting dizzy here from incessant goalpost moving by liberals
Nobody has ever said actual votes were hacked.  If Trump campaign colluded w/Russians, is that not a problem?
how about you be a man and condemn Trump's daily reckless comments?
How about staying on topic? This topic is Judge Gorsuch not Trump.
sorry man. My bad. I left my how to use twitter manual at home today.
I figured, that's why I offered my advice! :-) nect time, ask first...
will do nect time.
:-)
Blocking Merrick Garland's hearing was absurd and reckless. When are you going to condemn that?
Never, go screw yourself. If you've a problem w that take it up w Joe Biden, it was his suggestion. Politics got into nominations post Bork!
hey I don't know you but is everything okay? You seem pretty angry.
Yes I'm furious w/ Congress attack on good people. They let Holder & Sessions be AGOTUS but trash good people like Gorsuch & Devos.
The leader of your party is a fascist and you're worried about this????
You did a great job at the Garland hearings senator so feel free to weigh in on Dem senators at the Gorsuch hearings
garland got no hearings
I bet we've all missed the sarcasm at times given what some trumpers actually do spout! 
also I'm pretty sure Sasse wasn't in office at that point
Elected in 2015 so likely not
I can admit to missing sarcasm but he was wrong in his info so I'm not taking full blame
Its all good.... except for fact that Sasse sounds hypocritical as hell in his comment
Trump, supposed potus, is the person who speaks recklessly imo
#gop @realDonaldTrump Dang, there is a man of intelligence and principles. Ben Sasse for prez!
Yours or his?
Protections matter. Ask the residents near Duke Ash Coal plants in #NC.
Gorsuch isn't a threat to the 1%. #NeilGorsuch is only in favor of corporations as evidenced by his judicial records
The left's rhetoric edges closer to the point of no return by the day. I'm amazed they did not get #AFuckinClue from the election.
@tshep42 Really? How would you characterize the complicit behavior of the #corruptGOP? #resist #NOTNORMAL #ProtectOurDemocracy
wow just read the LA times editorial on Gorsuch , must read
Why are groups spending $10M to support him? The decision on the truck driver case shows lack of judgment and compassion. Not good
another embarrassment!!
Wow that was Awesome Congratulations you nailed it! 
As soon as he reaches for the cilice and admonishes himself for his untoward behavior, we can take him seriously.
This man needs to be president one day
How about he's rarely met a business he'd rule against over people?
No stolen SCOTUS seat, @SenSasse, you seem nice but you broke ALL Senate norms yourself & said nothing. NOPE.
What we see Senator are lobbyists for corporations dressed as representatives of America working to fill their coffers
We've become accustomed & numb to the reckless ramblings of Crazy @NancyPelosi a caricature of a member of Congress #CrazyNancy
Are you really going to talk about reckless speech? You're aligned with the king of reckless speech. And that makes you #complicit
Good speech. My main concern is putting in a Supreme Court Justice while the White House and elections are investigated. Wait!
Reckless & condemn are words more suited to be used AGAINST Republicans than BY a Republican. You've no moral ground to utter them
Agree 100%. And there is a real danger in not condemning the kind of reckless speech coming from Rep Nunes. What do you think?
"You can grab them by the pussy" is a bigger threat, and pretty reckless too. But you're cool with that one.
You miss the point entirely. The seat was stolen from Merrick Garland. Reckless is not having an independent Investigation first.
that means he will rule for corporations to poison the water and foul the air. Like Pruitt thinks CO2 increases is OK
love your comments here but there is also some recent history to deal with: Garland
did you feel the same way about Garland? If not why not? If so, haven't you played a part in eroding the public trust you talk of?
But it's OK when @SenSasse does it b/c he's a R. Not 2 me! I'm an R, but I am disgusted by this wholesale dereliction of duty.
Pelosi is bitter, nasty, entitled, biased, senile, rep. who's "sell by" time has long come and gone. Wish we had Sen. Sasse in CT!
And so has The Turtle. Parties play politics b/c judges are no longer judges, but reliable party hacks. Like Gorsuch.
@realDonaldTrump: Pelosi's comments are not well thought out & silly. This from a "career" politician. She's part of the problem.
at the very least she speaks, not like the majority of the GOP
: That's the standard you use? Uh huh. Speaks volumes. Re-read your words.
For someone critical of rhetoric, yours seems to be obscurely manicured. What's up with that?
Ugh, more tone-policing.
there's also a real danger in not condemning the many lies uttered by our president
he is far too partisan. Too many of his decisions have been reckless. He is not trusted
will you shut up and represent NE. We are all wanting things to stop until an investigation is completed. Lead the way for NE
YOU SOLD OUT YOUR COUNTRY
actually those who say such things are the real threats to human existence .  Deflecting
Bravo.
thank you
thank you for calling out reckless speech--"wiretapping"?   Please don't let the president bully the congress into bad policy!
please explain your ISP vote. Thank you. My senators didn't vote for it, but I don't expect to hear anything from them.
@ hm
.@SenSasse and Judge Gorsuch are class acts. I find myself agreeing w/ everything said here. Blind partisanship threatens our nation.
Bravo, Senator! You concisely diagnosed the echo chamber driving partisan politics, and proved yourself a model patriot.  @BenSasse
Pelosi is a disgrace and a punchline. Sasse is that breath of fresh air after a deep free dive. Fresh, invigorating, and necessary
Sadly Republican "leadership" won't.  @ShirleyFarmGirl
@ThinkSayGo 
The most important lines in this speech are: ["Neil Gorsuch], you SHOULD be confirmed" & "You WILL be confirmed."
#yessasse
More Americans should have watched these hearings to hear the eloquence expressed by you and by Judge Gorsuch. Thank you!
1) you always vote party line 2) you should've confined garland a year ago and they we wouldn't have to worry about this man!
Well start by not tweeting and get out there and say something...
he is not a threat to anyone. He follows rule of law and unlike Dem's does not make rulings according to his agenda.
what about condemning the lies of Trump? Are his falsehoods not dangerous?
#Noplacelike#thankyou
there's real danger in not condemning Trump for his speech. He lies over and over. Get back to us when u get a back bone.
You're exactly right. People don't see a distinction between the house and the Senate, they see polical party.
Bravo! #GBR
SCOTUS-it's important NOT to strictly follow the rule of law,it's being able to appropriately know when not to.Gorsuch skeptic
Failing @realDonaldTrump is being investigated for #treason by the @FBI so all #SCOTUS hearings should stop immediately!
boom.
Thank you @SenSasse
thank you for setting the right tone, adding some levity Gorsuch had to endure silliness and, frankly disingenuousness (stupidity)
it's got to be frustrating, being one of the few grownups in the room. Thank you!
@marketmodel this is the reckless speech that is dangerous to not condemn? The irony is thick.

@mitchbobbin is this not a true claim made by Pelosi?
Repubs r dedicated to exacerbating climate chaos. Gorsuch is no different. Not hyperbolic, just assessing reality
does climate justice not fall into the confines of justice as a whole?
I'm skeptical of any trump appointees commitment to law, his(and his mothers) history are antithetical to EPA,
@Westxgal omg this guy is in the senate?
#TimeWillTell Who wants to be defined by any #political party whose covers mean nothing anymore.  #ReadTheBook
So you call someone out as dangerous for using hyperbole? In a Senate hearing? If that was risky we'd done be dead years ago.
@Westxgal 
I can only say WOW! 
@AlanAshton10 Thanks for sharing this, Splodey. Sen Sasse you're correct.I also wish PRES would stop tweeting some crap he tweets!
overarching message was 'dissent on the candidate & a "no" vote for him, erodes the trust of the people.' #skeptical
Always remember:
BORK BORK BORK BORK BORK BORK BORK BORK BORK BORK BORK BORK BORK BORK BORK BORK BORK BORK BORK
You're suggesting these are vital components of life now yet you vote to destroy them. You vote recklessly. Do something!
TY Senator for being the grown up in a room with two parties bitterly divided not able to work for common good for our country.
Good analysis... but please be fair with the label of "reckless" there's lots of reckless going on... including judging political tactics
It's really insensitive to individuals that do neither of those things.
Every EO/nominations/presidential budget MUST be put on hold until extent of Russian involvement w/Trump administration is known.
@SilverPatriot1 Gorsuch is brilliant.
@rabbicreditor No long term view; no concern w/consequences of scorched earth policy when pendulum swings; loved Reid rule change.
@rabbbicreditor Too many of my fellow Berkeleyans revel in division; speaking of love, they revile those w/opposing views. 1/2
funny how today Congress is the cause of what they don't like about Judges rulings. Do your jobs you can only blame yourselves
that's rich coming from the party that elected Trump. 
No one hacked the actual election! Maybe Russia put out some fake news like @CNN @nbc @CBS @DNC so what's the difference?
what a brilliant man.
Nancy said this like 30 seconds after the announcement. You can't cure bat-sh!t crazy, but term limits would help.
well said.
.@SenSasse, I share your concern on echo chambers and the erosion of facts; would have been more powerful without the attack on @NancyPelosi
Sir, I am many years senior in years to you, but to me you represent the highest standards of conduct and hope for the future.
Well done Senator. Your message is clear.
Please run for POTUS
please, we need to suspend the hearings until we have clearer information on the Russian investigation!
He seems amazing. Seems petty and silly trying to attack him. Scare tactics. Give it a rest. A solid judge
@senorrinhatch Reckless? Your placing party and money above America is reckless. Why do you hate America and her people so much?
Everything Liberals say is a crazy lie.
@RestoreHistory he doesn't sound pro life , did you know?
very well said Sir!! Now start call out crazy @NancyPelosi  & @SenSchumer & crazy @MaxineWaters .
This is a cute rhetorical ploy, but did you denounce partisanship when #MerrickGarland was nominated? No.
Sen. Sasse,
I'm not impressed by your speech.  GOP & Dems have differing values, thus differing votes.  Thus the basis for dissent.
@TheRepLawyer Well said sir! It's a shame there aren't 99 others like you in the senate. Please keep up the good fight
@senorrinhatch Day job guy here. Father was a union president, never really forgave me for being bus man, but I learned to look
I learned to expect the best from both sides even when there is disagreement. I wish the people in power did that
@RestoreHistory there is also a real threat in the White House right now concerning Russia. Independent investigator needed!
Ben, you had me at "hello"!
Congress make law. Justice upholds law and The Constitution. #period
You would know all about "reckless self-serving speech"
I wasn't watching on CSPAN I was at work, out in the wind and dirt of Re-coat project on a nat gas pipeline near the CO/NE border
@VincentMTiberi The GOP is obviously the enemy of clean air and water. You show it all the time.
the real danger is in continuing this hearing while Russia is in the white house
After this past election, no Republican has any ground to stand on to chastise anyone for not condemning reckless speech. #getreal
. @MichaelHattem @SenSasse you don't actually follow Sasse, do you? Because if you did, you'd realize how absurd your statement is.
He is right. He should have just pointed at all conservatives. You guys did ok coal sludge in the public water.
: please keep up the fight for America and for Nebraska. Your intelligence on all issues is refreshing. #sasse2024
agree-I'm a Democrat tired of @NancyPelosi 's irrational and unproductive rhetoric. But still: Merrill Garland->Illegit nomination
Thank you, Senator!! You restore my faith in my party. May God bless you and your family!!
Great Job Senator Sasse!
.@SenSasse trust u will condemn reckless actions of @DevinNunes who seems 2 be @realDonaldTrump surrogate
I cannot thank you enough Senator...the attacks on the judicial branch's true purpose are frustrating to watch as an attorney...
'member when you blocked a scotus nomination for no reason?
I trust you speak out to reckless comments made by President Trump and the outrageous statements by his WH staff as well, sir
Outstanding Sen Sasse. We need more people like you in the US Senate! You speak the truth and I hope it resonates with Congress
Sorry, what's reckless about honesty regarding the GOP's (and by extension the Gorsuch's) disregard for the environment, US health
Way to take a stand with such a  take. Your predictable disappointment knows no bounds.
.@SenSasse You look so smitten in these videos. Just ask him to gay marry you and get it over with.
Talk about free speech - Dark money group spent $10M opposing J. Garland and $7M supporting J. Gorsuch nominations!
Well Said!!!
@CalebABobo deregulation can poison the air and water. If Gorsuch has ruled in favor of it, it's not reckless to point that out.
Good thing I breath cigarette smoke and drink whiskey
Senstor, you might start by condemning the reckless comments made by your party's elected president.
Com on @SenSasse You repudiated his claims before the before the election. Why do you acquiesce now?
caught this, thought it was great way you said, would you have voted the same on judge garland of shoe was on the other foot?
As a progressive I have come to respect u. Your speech--however sensible--will fall on deaf ears bc of R treatment of Garland
he's generally sensible but did he speak up abt Garland?  Is he speaking up enough abt Trump? Feeling dissatisfied.
he was the loudest republican to speak out against trump. Not sure about Garland.
yes, but I would like to hear more, more consistently.  Too many daily outrages.  National crisis.
just being honest, but the good Sen.'s moralistic statements ring just a bit more hollow in this context
. @SenSasse Have you even read the over 2500 decisions he's rendered during his career? Didn't think so, bask in your ignorance #NoGorsuch
The cognitive dissonance here is over the top and the adoring gazes and between you and Gorsuch are amazing.Try to smirk more, too
With no respect at all @SenSasse. Your party of hysterics was prepared to block all Clinton picks. I consider Democracy my air @SusanHelbig

No "tit for tat"? After our POTUS shared "alternative facts".
We are all left in the  playground. How did we get here?
He's a serious threat to clean air and water.  Also to women.  Remember, you represent us, not Trump or we will find someone else.
.@SenSasse What about reckless speech accusing former Presidents of treasonous acts? How do feel about that, party man?
I guess Bill is late to the party.. #TheHammer
, I share your concern on echo chambers and the erosion of facts; would have been more powerful without the attack on @NancyPelosi
How about you stop the Twitter finger-wagging and actually do something about the recklessness in your own party?
You are proof there is a rat in every DemocRAT!
glad our Nebraska Senators are speaking up. Originally from Bellevue.
Ben Sasse is great
Great job during these hearings in bringing some semblance of common sense to room full of snake oil salesmen
well @NancyPelosi  has never been held accountable, and will probably never leave office regardless of what trash she spews.
@FoxNews @NancyPelosi    Certainly. I breath air  and drink water , why is he a threat to me?  Did I missed something Mrs Pelosi?
.@SenSasse the dems should admit Gorsuch should be confirmed?
Did Garland deserved a hearing?
"WAAAAAAHHHH! Nancy's behaving like I did!" Grow up and become a man! You S/B embarrassed to sit in that seat!  Own your sins.
I agree, @SenSasse, but did you speak up when your colleagues blocked the Garland nomination with comparable nonsense? Legitimately curious
Did a SINGLE congressional Republican impugn Garland personally? No. @SenSasse
I do hope that you truly mean condemnation and not censorship. Those two get confused now a days.
thank you for being willing to speak up to the nonsense that has become our legislative branch. Do wish Gorduch would answer ?s
Excellent!
YOU eroded the public trust by refusing to give Garland the time of day. HYPOCRITE!!! He who is withous sin....
@TerryBelveal @beck_ann4
I saw a college freshman in that seat. Not in touch w/ reality. Our courts are failing miserably; Franken explained harm
Don't confirm him then duh !!!!! No one should !!!!!
Pls do not let the healthcare legislation go thru. Do all you can!! Thank you!!
Do I see a Bromance forming?
@NancyPelosi . I have in many occasion believe she is an air head but i've giving her the benefit of the doubt.  No more she loss
I’m expecting that, from this point forward, you’ll condemn ALL “reckless speech” from Congress, no matter which party says it.
If you knew anything about Sasse you'd know he does that, regularly.
He does so occasionally at best. He should be speaking out daily against the reckless speech of Trump.
Right, like Dems spoke out daily abt Obama's "I won", "You can keep your plan" "I didn't drawn that redline"
Not talking about Dems or Repubs. I’m talking about @BenSasse. He’s the one that made the statement.
Ahhh, so you admit that unlike Dems he DOES call out a POTUS of his party?
@NancyPelosi. Hearing what this woman said it made me ashame in front my friends from other countries. How to explain that comment
There's danger in not condemning your speech. Gorsuch has a sterling record of following the law, not the politicians.
Where is your proof that he is a threat? Because he uses the law in judgements not his feelings? If so then you are the threat.
@ReaganBattalion well said, the sweet sound of common sense. It won't work though!
@ReaganBattalion yeah get to work on limiting that....
@CtYank66 look at the progressive meltdown in the comments,
@FoxNews. To think that democrats are not sore loosers is idiotic. They blocked everything just because
I don't get it? Whatyou saying?
wonderful conclusion! Sounds like you've been reading @RadioFreeTom new book Death if Expertise! Makes me unexpectedly hopeful!
and I'm a liberal!
