I just learned of this. My thoughts and prayers are with you. We disagree politically, but you are a good guy for sure. Blessings be.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
So sad to hear of your huge loss. May the God of all comfort bring peace, strength & comfort as He alone can to you & all of your family. 
Eric so so sorry for all your heartaches, God Bless you and your family!
Prayers for you and your family
So sorry. Your in my prayers
I hope you get to the truth soon. Can't imagine no words but prayers for you both
Prayers for you and your family.  Heartbreaking.
It's been a month, yet I still keep hoping that this is not real.
Keeping you all in prayer 
Keep in you both in our thoughts and prayers. May God bless y'all
Know that our Lord holds Eric safely in the palm of His hand!
we miss u!!
My sister lost her son three weeks ago. I was so close to him and I just want you to know we are praying for you. Grieving with you.
Thoughts & prayers to all of you as a family & friends
I am so terribly sorry for your loss. My prayer to you and your wife.
Still praying for you and Adrienne.
@ericbolling Sorry for your http://loss.You  are missed on Foxnews.
Can't even imagine your pain. Your family is in my payers & thoughts. May you find peace & strength. America's patriots stand w/ U always.
So very sorry for your loss. Many prayers are coming your way.
My sincerest condolences to you and your wife. #thoughtsandprayers
 sorry for your loss
Words cannot lift your sorrow.  Know that you are in my heart and prayers. Bless you both!
My heart breaks for u!!  Praying for u and yr family!!
Terribly sorry. You're in thoughts and prayers
Sorry for your loss we will be praying for you
My heart breaks for you and Adrienne.
I am very sorry about your loss. 
I am heartbroken for you & your wife. 
My God wrap his arms around you both & give you comfort & peace. Praying for you 
So terribly sorry. God bless you and your family. 
So very sorry for your loss. Prayers are with you and your family.
God Bless you both... Prayers from your #MAGAFamily no words can heal your heart, but know you have many hearts to help keep you lifted up 
We love you Eric. Our deepest condolences for your family!
Deeply sorry for you and Adrienne.
I'm just heartbroken over the loss of your precious son.
Our prayers are with you
Deepest condolences, thoughts and prayers from all the Tappers, Eric. 

I am so, so sorry.
I feel devastated to hear this news Eric. I respect you so much as a presenter and I send my deepest condolences to the family.
Stay strong Brother. May God wrap u and your family in his arms. Doing this tough time.
Our deepest sympathies to both of you - we are truly saddened- may God give you strength- you are in our prayers.
Thoughts and prayers to you both.
Prayers for your family
Devastating news, Prayer to you!
praying for you
I am so sorry for your families loss. Prayers of comfort and peace at this difficult time
Much love to you and your family.
So so sorry for your loss. I pray God gives you and your family strength at this difficult time.
I pray you find any bit of comfort during this difficult time...my heart aches for all of you.
So very sorry for your loss ... Thoughts and prayers are with you .
My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family in this time of great loss.  May God give you strength and comforts.
I am so sorry to here this devastating news. My prayers go out to you and your family. God Bless your family.
Our deepest condolences to you and your family at this hard time. Your fans are always here. You made us feel like family everyday Eric 
I agree. I could feel the love he had for his son. I am stunned.
Condolences and strength to you and family.  so sorry Eric
So sorry to you and your family. May God keep you and your family in His hands.
So very sorry
I'm so sorry for your loss. Prayers for you and your family 
Heartbreaking. Love and prayers to you and your family.
Sorry ERIC. Can't imagine the grief. Praying for you and your family.
Join me in prayer 
for Eric Bolling & his family 
to have the
Lord give them
the strength
to deal with
the loss of their
precious son 
Eric and Adrienne your in our prayers So sorry for the loss of Eric Chase
It's just unimaginably sad. All of our hearts go out to Eric and Adrienne.
100% Agree  Eric is one of the good men that Loves AMERICA PRESIDENT TRUMP Fox treated him awful WE ALL WILL KEEP HIM ADRIENNE IN PRAYERS
He has been one of my favorites since Follow the Money & the Saturday show with Brenda Buttner. Charles Payne was brought back. EB should be
I am so tired of the LEFT wrongly attacking Conservative Men. It's got to stop. God Bless Eric & his wife and may God bring them peace.
You're right about that.
So sorry for your loss. No words or understanding of what you and your family are going through, this is so unimaginable.. Prayers
So sorry for the loss of your Son. Our thoughts are with you and your family. 
Took hiatus from Twitter&Fox, just found out about this. I am so sorry for your loss. I understand the pain you two are going trough
My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family, Eric. May God Bless & heal your pain at this time.  I’m so sorry.
Prayers will be offered for your family for this great loss.
What an awful loss! So sorry to hear the loss of your son. May God comfort you and your family! You are missed on the five.
I’m so sorry
They will pay in hell
Prayers!
Thoughts and prayers are with you and your family.
Prayersare sent from my family to yours
So so sorry. Prayers are offered.
we love your comentw
So sorry for your loss. Watched you nightly. Life not fair.
So sorry for your loss...my thoughts and prayers are with you and Adrienne
God bless you and your family.
oh no :(  I am so sorry
Eric Bolling, I can't imagine the pain you and your wife are experiencing. The loss of a son. We are praying for you.
Our hearts and prayers are with you.
G-d Bless you and family in this sad time!!
So sorry for your great loss!!
Prayers for you and your family!  Our condolences for your loss!!
So sorry for your family's loss. Prayers

So sorry for your loss. Praying for healing for you and your family
My sympathy -Very sorry to hear of the passing of you son. I've watched you many times & enjoyed ur commentary. God Bless you & your family!
MY heart go's out to you and your wife, and love ones. This is truly the worst that life can throw at us.... And life is never the same ever
I haven't heard of your son.  I'm so sorry. may God bless you & family.

Praying for you and family, God bless you
So sorry for your Loss Eric.
I can't imagine the pain you must have.
My greatest Sympathy to You and your family.
God be with you!
I'm Sorry, Prayers! Sometimes kids come to us short in our lives to change us as They already Perfected in eyes of Lord! God Bless & ThankU
#HurricaneIrma #HurricaneInrma2017 https://youtu.be/F8vhNaJ0oFc 
Yay you Trump supporters child is dead! Ha!!
Now you're a Mexican that needs to be deported!
So sorry for your loss. Prayers coming for peace and comfort.
So sorry for your loss. Thoughts and prayers with you and your family at this time.
so sorry...praying for you guys
Brutal! So very sorry for your loss. God bless!
Eric, I am so sorry to hear about the loss of your Son. Sending many Prayers and Hugs. 
So sorry for your Loss, and may your future be kind to you so you can gently calm your pain for years to come.
Words can't express the sorrow I am feeling for you and Adrienne. The Holy Spirit will get you through this. Prayers being said
So sorry for your loss. I have lost two sons the worst thing a parent can experience.
I am so sorry  prayers for you and your family..
Prayers for your family
So sorry for your loss
Thoughts are with you and your family
I am so very sorry for your loss.
So sorry for your loss
This is divine justice. God hates Bolling, which was proven by his kid SUICIDING over his fathers SEXIST BULLYING!. #StandWithEricBolling
#StandWithEricBolling all that hate Eric spewed was gonna come back somehow..... now it has.
What hate?  God bless Eric Bolling and his wife.
We are sorry for your loss, Eric,praying  for peace & comfort for you & family. We also miss you on Fox and stand with you!Love much!
Sending prayers your way. So very sorry for your tragic loss.

Fervent prayers for your family, Eric. I know the pain of losing a son. God bless you & take you to higher ground, where you can heal. 
Eric & Adrienne, my heart breaks for you & the loss of your beloved son. My thoughts & prayers are with you.
sincere condolences
Our prayers are with you, Eric Bolling.
Be strong!! Man!!
So sorry for your loss. Our thoughts and prayers are with your family.
Stay strong.  Just take time for you and Adrienne at this time.  So very sorry for what your going through.
I blame Fox. They keep making up sex scandals to get rid of the best. We need a news source that is Right right right, no left. Maybe you
My family's hearts go out to your family! I'm trying very hard to understand what happened! I see you all the time talking abt Eric Chase
So so sorry for your loss God bless you and your family 
I am truly sorry for your loss!! Remember, the Lord blessed you with many years with your son. He is a gift from God. Be thankful. 
Stay in the Light.   Words fall short.   Wishing you God's grace and peace.
So sorry for you and your families loss. 
So sorry to hear of the passing on of your son. I will pray that our Lord will give you the strength to carry this very heavy cross.
Praying for you Eric! Beyond sad...
I'm so incredibly sorry about the passing of your son, Eric. My heart, thoughts and prayers are with you, your wife, and your family.
Oh Eric & Adrienne so sorry! praying for your family. May the Lord wrap you in His peace and impart courage to navigate thru this loss!
So sorry for your loss
My family and I truly understand the unfathomable pain you both feel. Know that you are not alone. Praying for you
We're praying for you... our hearts are broken for you and what you're going through.
So sorry for the loss. May you and your wife receive the divine comfort of the Holy Spirit at this time. My sympathy please.
prayers and condolences to you guys
God be with you and your family. No one should ever have to bury their child. RIP Eric Jr. God please accept this young man into your fold.
As one who has lost a son we grieve with you and know your profound loss and pain. Our prayer is for God to give you strength at this time.
My thoughts and prayers are with you and your wife. God is Love! May the Peace of God be with you.
God bless you Eric
Our prayers are with you !
Prayers for you and your family
So sorry Eric, our prayers for you and your family.
Many of us in our nation will be praying for you and your family
Sorry for your loss sir :)
I am so, so sorry about your son! You have told us you  are going on vacation to see your son! What happened? God bless him in havens! 
May the Lord bless you and keep you; may He make His light shine upon you and give you peace, is my prayer for both of you.#EricChaseBolling
horrible so sorry

My family extends our thoughts and prayers to yours. We are so sorry for your loss. May God pour his comfort and grace upon you
Prayers for you and your family. I'm so sorry for this tragic loss. 
Thoughts and prayers going out.
Many prayers coming your way.
Mr. Bolling, my deepest condolences to you and your family.
My prayers are with you and your wife.
So sorry for your loss. May his spirit find peace and your family find comfort.
Sending prayers
God bless you and your family! Sending prayers.
Sad
Sending love and prayers. I'm so sorry for your loss.
Prayers
So sorry to hear about your loss. God be with you all. God loves you and will spread His goodness to you all!
I pray for God 2be w/u & your family during this incredibly painful  time, Eric. May God let his presence & healing be felt in your  heart.
so sorry. God bless you both.
Devistating news.. my words cannot heal,
But there are more people who care that u have never met! So sorry Eric !
So sorry about your loss, please stay strong and take care!
Prayers are going your way. With love  and heartfelt sympathy. The warmth of our Lords words surround you and your family. Arizona Love 
Our families deepest condolences to you & your wife nothing can replace your boy but know you're in our prayers & we stand behind you! RIP!
I'm so very sorry for your loss! Prayers for you & your family!
Oh Eric!  Our hearts go out to you.  I will pray for you and your family!
I can only pray for your family.
God bless you!!!!

God be with you
I am so sorry for your loss. Your family will always be in my prayers.

Thoughts and prayers for you & your family..So sorry for the loss of your precious son..God be with you & give you strength..
Our prayers are with you in the sad (and far too soon) loss of your son. May God be with you both.
May God grant you peace. My thoughts and prayers are with you.  Keep fighting in your sons memory to clear your name.
My condolences.
