Unless there's a Democrat in the White House then you're all for obstructionism.
@SenatorSchumer You need to be retired!! How disgusting  U r. U don't care about America or govt, only obstruction! SAD Goodbye come 2018!
I think turnabout is Fair Plsy
They are so old.
you are the biggest hypocrite in DC and that's saying something
laughable how people protesting Gorsuch never look at his solid history or listened to confirmations. Partisan much?
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland 
Merrick Garland
Merrick Who?
#MerrickGarland !

#TBT #Scotus
Schumer is a complete moron. He continues to damage the Dems more. Keep it up buddy. Republicans love it!!!
Corporations are not people.
Still complaining
@SenateGOP in 2016: We can't appoint a Supreme Court Justice, there will be a different President someday.
liars you just want to destroy America
SCHUMER has got to go...Vote this moron out of our govt!!
Do you support Putin's agenda for the USA? Are you accepting money to harm the USA? Are you proving aid to a foreign power harming the USA?
No you don't.
Schumer really is the scum of the earth...
Nazis
So you don't like Senator Reid rule now
so Merrick Garland never happened? Was I just dreaming about your refusal to even give him a hearing?
#MerrickGarland
Glad you guys feel that way because you will not be the majority after the vote in 2018.
What side of the bed did you awaken today. Retire please
SCHUMER YOUR PARTY CHANGED THE RULES, NOW YOU WHINE ABOUT IT...YOUR DISGUSTING AND OUT OF TOUCH. GORSUCH way more honorable than you ever
#GOP did not vet a sitting president's nominee #SCOTUS because of racism. The Republican Party obstructed the entire process. "no matter" BS
Perfect. That won't be a regrettable decision, ever.
Schumer is the scum of the earth.
What do you call what you did to Garland? Obstruction. You suffer from memory loss, all of you.
This dem is already obstructing everything Gorsuch must be approved no matter which avenue you need to get it done
Schumer makes me glad that we fled NY and are no longer mistaken for supporters of the liberal left wing Democrats.
That's before we had traitors in the WH and GOP became complicit in treason. And bills that hurt average Americans.
Well now, how does filibuster feel as it crudely goes down your throats?
#impeachryan
No Gorsuch until Trump TREASON is resolved
That was then, this is now.
How about that
Such a LYING HYPOCRITE! And, re;their stupid cry baby "They wouldn't allow a vote Garland, NEVER in history happens during an election year
@SenateRPC @SenSchumer Senator Schumer should do the only honorable thing that his co-conspirator Reid did. Resign his seat!
@SenateRPC @SenSchumer is a disgrace, not only to his Senate seat, but also to the dignity & honor of the entire Senate. Resign!
the kings of Obstruction have spoken
@RustyBrunson
So you admit to your 8 years of obstruction?!?
Everyone Knows Schumer has a Double Standard, One for Democrats and One for Republicans, total Hypocrite ! (Sorry Chucky, You Lose Again)
Merrick Garland. That's why. You know it. What McConnell did was wrong. Plain and simple. But we all know republicans only win by cheating.
lol God you folks are too much! Seriously? You just do not see the hypocrisy in, thru, by and for, because of, your tribalism.
Yet I didn't get one thanks to stupid partisan Republicans, like Mitch!
- Ahh a quote from 2013, three years before Ditch McConnell & Republican senators stole Garlands seat.
and the @gop thru a tantrum- scorched America style, failed to do their jobs, and never gave Garland a hearing.
Said before the @GOP dolts threw a hissy fit and obstructed Garland.
What BULLSHIT he spews
luckily Schumer isn't a *lifetime appointment*, unlike the guy nominated by Treasonous Trump, who needs way more scrutiny
That was then.  This is now.  And Dems get to change their minds whenever they want.
I wonder what changed? Oh, you stole a seat like a thug. Sow the wind, and you will reap the whirlwind.
Is this a parody account? Because you all are hilarious! #GOPhypocrisy
And the  @GOP @SenateMajLdr obstructed the nomination of Mr. Garland for almost one year..You people are treasoneous, traitors #PutinPuppet
You lost the right to call Dems on this long ago.  You are the hypocritical obstructionist party model.
Dems are the destruction of the America Government
It seems that your preferences change depending upon whether there's a Democrat or a Republican in the White House.
Yea right, you did not say that when you needed 60 votes. Looser. Go back to the circus.
If this were true, why did Judge Garlands nomination not go through for an up or down vote ?
Pure and unfiltered hypocritical Schumer on Obama's justice appointments when the shoe is on the other foot.
ESPECIALLY IF WHO IS IN POWER NOW!!-. IS YOU!! & WHEN THAT CHANGES -- YOU WILL TRY TO CHANGE THE RULES AGAIN! BS!!
Of course you do now! Too bad. Time you clowns get srewed without even a kiss!
unless of course your Dems and not in power, then forget what i said
GARLAND, how many times do we have to say it. Can't you listen!!
Really? "We've already made it very clear that a nom for SCOTUS by this president will not be filled this year." MM
main issue today is whether our leader is in collusion with our enemy Russia based on economic gain-Trump enterprises
well at least it isn't me trumps fooled.
Obstruction - you mean how Republicans refused to even have hearings for Obama's pick for the Supreme Court?
We prefer that, when a US President is under current FBI criminal investigation, he or she should refrain from nominating anyone.
You would prefer for the entire government to collapse!
#GOPobstruction Merrick Garland.
Just following the new precedent instituted by McConnell. Things change, I guess. Thanks for the tutorial, Mitch. #NoVote
not so funny now the shoe is on the other foot.
I still love when everyone booed him to the inauguration. Well deserved for a partisan clown!
