but what if the behavior itself is unbecoming of a Senator? Are you saying you should just let them get away with it?
are you saying it is more important to protect other Senators rather then call them out on their unethical/wrong behavior?
For years you have put the Party, and your own, interests ahead of the people of Utah and the people of the United States.
you need to vote no on Sessions. I have no confidence that you care about civil rights/abuses by the government, but please..
make a different choice this time. I was an intern in your office year ago. And it honestly destroyed my optimism and hope in
government in general, and you specifically. People had a write in campaign about a terrible judge. You didn't care.
realizing how much you have insulated yourself from your constituents and their concerns, and that really, nothing anyone
said or did mattered, that you would just go with the party, was honestly in my top 5 most depressing moments in my life.
A confirmation hearing for a senator by it's very nature is an investigation of their character This is political malfeasance
Yet, what @SenWarren was right and important to say.
Your comments about her should have had you banned from the Senate. You need to retire. You cannot deal with STRONG women.
so exactly what do you people do? At least @elizabethforma  represents the majority and guard us against you
I have to believe that your support of Sessions is because you think in the same bigoted and racist ways.
So you get a free pass courtesy of your position as a Senator. On one thing Trump was right ... its a swamp!
if the president nominates a senator, he's protected from normal criticisms and judgments of character a nominee would face?
Dolly sweets,there are many arcane rules on the books, but we understand they're not humane--at least most of do.
This senator considered for Atty General post. Are you saying we rubber stamp approval any sitting senator? #LetLizSpeak
why're you more offended by King's words on Sessions's suppression of black vote than by Sessions's suppression of it?
so it's okay for a senator to be racist but it's not okay to talk about it?
GOP silences two women on the floor, U mistakenly bring third into mess because of who she's married to. U R so outdated.
As Sen.Schumer pointed out, GOP has attacked Dem Sen. But clearly Rules don't apply to Repubs.. or trump!
@lisajnc1951 Why should Warren, a female, be held to the same standard as her male co-members? Oh right, equality!
you called Dems 'idiots' last week.
She quoted a 30 year old letter which is extremely relevant to the current nomination. VERY appropriate for her to do so.
permitting senators the opportunity to spout alternative facts with impunity. Nicely done. No integrity. Corrupt.
give us a break. You have all sold your souls to the devil with Trump. He will go down in history as worst president ever.
misogyny because later the senate allowed two men to finish the job, old white men banding together, this is new 
Please vote no on Sessions. Regardless of other Senator's behavior, Sessions is not fit for the job.
I understand why Senator Warren was asked to take her seat, what I don't understand is why Rule 19 exists at all.
Isn't critical discourse healthy? Shouldn't truth be expressed, ESPECIALLY if it concerns the character of a senator?
Warren did not violate the rule. If you think so, then no more Senators should ever be allowed to be nominated for cabinet.
rule XIX prevents senators from reading documents previously entered into the record? #racist
Hatch, you're insane.
when you are more concerned about the feelings of a proven racist than the truth, you have sold your soul
.@SenOrrinHatch invoked the feelings of Mrs. Sessions to defend racist.
I'd rather invoke the feelings of Mrs. King.
Rule 19. 
You, sir, are ridiculous!  Sounds like whining. "Don't call me names when I'm being corrupt!"
You guys changed rules 8 yrs. ago. (Notice how No. 3 is cut off? Remember "You lie"?
Just impeach the rotten @POTUS before it's too late. Or are you feigning ignorance? @SpeakerRyan also must go. #SaveOurNation
You know all impeachements must start in the house ? Right?  OMG! Demorats!
Which you SELECTIVELY apply, you hypocrite!
I sincerely hope that you can see why this is problematic. Reading a relevant letter that is on the record is appropriate.
Miss used rule!!
Funny how you see that apply to @SenWarren reading Coretta King opinion but not to other senators who have directly insulted
So, if you're  a Senator in Good Ole Boys Club, u can't be held accountable for your actions? Kind of a Diplomatic Immunity?
Is there a rule about actual conduct that makes one unfit to be a senator? Might want to look into that.
Ah yes. "When they go low..."
ha
Your rules suck, senator.
How does that work if a Senator is up for a nomination? I guess criticism is banned.
@monkeypox0104 so how the fuck do you explain how a senetor is unfit for a job in the debate about their nomination?
deserves to be fired. Pink slip in 2020! #FirstAmendment
Congrats, your heavy-handedness is become the news. We could all see you there behind Sen. McConnell nursing your kleenex.
I suppose that's true but sometimes you gotta call a racist a racist. It's good for democracy.
How do you debate the merits of a candidate with honesty if you are unable to criticize him/her?
How do you debate the merits of a candidate with honesty if you cannot even read the criticism of others?
Thanks for that. Always better to let an incompetent bigot run the justice department than break parliamentary rules
So if she had called Sessions a liar instead of reading a letter from Corretta King that'd be okay? https://goo.gl/Y2ROpm 
.@SenOrrinHatch you know what "pedant" means.
unbecoming of a senator?How about how the GOP treated OBAMA?Oh right,that isn't considered "unbecoming!"The GOP is PATHETIC!
Record's clear, you're fine w male Republicans impugning. So why did you tell @SenWarren to shut the hell up? #letlizspeak
Sen. Cotton (R-AR) on May 25 2016, impugning a colleague. Source: http://Congress.gov  . Rule 19. cc @SenWarren
Sen. Cruz (R-TX) on Jul 24 2015, impugning a colleague. Source: http://Senate.gov . Rule 19.
One of the most ridiculous rules yet. What is it meant to hide? #LetLizSpeak
Well, Sessions *actually did* what #CorettaScottKing accused him of, so you're saying makes Sessions unworthy of being a Sen?
Sen. Perdue (R-GA) on Feb 1 2017, impugning a colleague. Source: http://Congress.gov . Rule 19.
Seriously the GOP already has a lock on all of the unworthy and unbecoming conduct.  No imputing possible. #letlizspeak

So, every senator nominated to the Cabinet or SCOTUS gets a free pass?
So, you agree Sessions' behavior is unbecoming of a Senator? Or was Mrs King a liar? Which is it?
Instead of suppressing evidence perhaps you should demand a candidate that doesn't have evidence against them to suppress.
just imagine if this was a rule in any other context... people could get away with literally anything. Society would crumble.
this whole show is a disgrace to democracy. You should be ashamed of yourself.
PUT THE PEOPLE BEFORE YOUR PARTY. Do the right thing for ONCE. Bad behavior should be CALLED OUT!
It’s @SenOrrinHatch & the GOP using Senate rules to cut off legitimate debate which is unbecoming to a Senator. #LetLizSpeak
Interesting text. Here's another interesting text - the full text of CSK's statement:
this is you & your office saying recognizing racism is more deserving of scorn than racism. what a legacy, you utter ghouls.
I'm so ashamed of you. No on sessions. 84116
This "gag rule" was introduced by RACIST SOUTHERNERS IN THE 1800's  Not a coincidence u would not that  @SenOrrinHatch

What a joke. To quote a certain hypocrite I know: "[the Democrats should] stop posturing and acting like idiots,”
Congrats you just made #BlackHistoryMonth Living History & GOP Voter Suppression #CorettaScottKing Viral #resist #Sessions
the world is watching and this is how you choose to represent Utah?
you should be ashamed of yourself. Your morals should guide you to a better place than this.
So what if their conduct or motive IS unworthy? Sweep it under the rug? Typical!
doesn't apply to conformation hearings for cabinet appointments. Shut up U #purchased #corrupt git. #NoIntegrity
blah blah blah bullshit#
you have lost the trust of the Utah community voting for Devos was a disgace to all the kids
crybabies. Snowflakes. Do you need a safe space from historical facts? Cabinet nominees should not be protected by this rule.
What about the Republican senators who've violated this rule? You people are corrupt.
you think that quoting someone is criticism?  Clearly these rules only apply when you want them to.
Your oath.
Citizen Sessions was appointed AG. Privilege as a senator should not apply to open debate of fitness for non-senate position.
America doesn't care about your damn Senate rule. 
We want our voices heard.
a citizen's opinion, that impunge's the character of a senator by another senator, should not be allowed. It's not a trial.
Congress shall make no law....abridging the freedom of speech - 
Amendment One
This rule basically says no Senator can say that any other Senator has done anything a Senator shouldn't. That's insane.
.@SenOrrinHatch Oh yeah? We The People can point out rules too. Article I, Section 9, Clause 8. http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/the-administration/318045-the-house-can-start-impeachment-against-trump-now …
Pathetic little man: @SenOrrinHatch
.@SenOrrinHatch you know what's unbecoming of a Senator? Protecting each other's racism. You gladly support Sessions who is a racist. 
Stupid that this rule applies to cabinet confirmations. Why should senators receive special treatment over other nominees?
Funny how Republicans piss and moan about rules...I don't recall this attention to cabinet nominees *cough* quorum *cough*...
Patagonia drops out of Outdoor Retailer over Utah leaders’ opposition to Bears Ears #VOTEOUTHATCH
You, sir, are a wiggly worm, sir. And Sessions is a cracker who would bring dishonour on the office of AG.
If Sessions was too racist to be a judge in 1986, he's too racist to be Attorney General in 2017!
coward! Lets start looking into your record to figure out why you're doing this! #letlizspeak
That you would have the audacity to equate the words of Coretta Scott King with a personal insult says a lot about you!
well, that's a stupid rule when the whole point is to debate whether the person should be confirmed
Your presence is unworthy of a Senator, #voteouthatch
Your behavior says nothing about Warren and EVERYTHING about you.  Sessions is a known RACIST  #voteouthatch
.@SenOrrinHatch Okay, cool. So senators should have to resign before undergoing confirmation hearings so that they can be properly debated.
This. And so that they can't vote to confirm a drooling twit to be Education Sec'y
you got a whole 51 retweets and 65 likes. HAHA loser. How come you didnt enforce that when Ted Cruz called McConnell a liar?
Good job.
you realize that's ridiculous, right? it allows senators to get away with (literally including) murder.
cowardly and weak
Cowards. No honor.
she was reading a letter already on record.  No rule broken, liar.
and you think that reading a letter from Coretta Scott King into the record falls under this rule?! U r a FRAUD!
. @SenOrrinHatch Oh really, a quote from MLK's widow is offensive?  @GOP killing democracy.
the entire GOP Senate is unbecoming snowflake
U know where u can put ur Rule 19. You people are mean!
Awwww...do you need a safe space?
@stephiegal She’s reading from your Congressional Record!  The Senate Record!  You are so so disappointing. Shameful.
your @SenateGOP caucus has reduced that standard to racist fascist petty thug criminal so there's no conduct unworthy anymore
.@SenOrrinHatch holy shit, this is garbage! So if you nominate a shitty senator like Sessions or yourself, they skate through?
#Democrats can't help themselves!  #DemocratSoreLosers
two tweets on this...the alt-right is using the term snowflake on the wrong people!
I'm sure you never said any negative comments about your democratic colleagues
That rule was made when the over 200 years ago when the senate with run more like an aristocracy... oh wait
And the rule was introduced by racist southern Senators who didn't want to hear arguements against slavery
I wish there was a roll my eyes button
You voted for Sessions back in 1986. You and @SenateMajLdr, which explains why you're trying to hush up Sen. Warren now.
Sad old guy. Born during the Depression, he may have thought $2K a great deal for pushing a wholly unqualified SecEd nominee.
What kind of nonsense is this? How do you debate whether someone is capable of performing their duty otherwise?
 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/mnuchin-price_us_5891f428e4b0c90eff01300a …
I don't see anything about executive appointees there.
sessions is a slimeball and it needs to be on the record!
get over it bucko.
Snowflakiness trickles up.
Alan Shore appearing for the defense.
Sessions has been accused of treasonous behavior & should be brought up during debate. Public has a right to know.
Congressional decorum has been ...lacking w/ some, @SenOrrinHatch. Even more unusual to see in Senate.
This rule is a fucking disgrace when the Senator is being considered for an executive appointment.
I thought I'd miss the Senate when Trump abolishes it but in light of new evidence I'm no longer certain.
You have backed unqualified people in the name of your party. You should be ashamed of yourself. You are unworthy.
.@SenOrrinHatch Sorry sir, but we're in Trump's America now. Unbecoming conduct is all the rage & wholly acceptable.
so a Senator lies, takes bribes, or obstructs the will of the people-YOU can't talk about it. We the People & Press can.
Rule #1 - Don't be a dick.  Let's us know when you've got that down and we'll talk about the rest.
That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard.  If Sessions had lynched a black man personally could you guys talk about it?
What is this first amendment thing and where did it come from?
stop crying. Learn to take criticism like a man.
Rule 34
GOP really is against freedom of speech, sad!
Yeah, lots of GOPers in that riot at Berkley
oh I agree with that, Mr Egg!
your 8 years of obstruction follows you everywhere; we are watching and we know you are a fraud; 2018
I wish I was in a cool guys club where we could make up rules about how we're awesome and no one can say we're not awesome
it would be far better if you all ACTED like senators.
Safe space, snowflake, etc.
And you're the party that whines about political correctness. Hahaha.
i kind of feel bad for the little snowflakes, running to a safe space where they don't have to hear a letter read
People hurt your feelings?
So you can do horrible things but not get called out on them? Sorry, doesn't work that way in real life.
