Schumer: We lost one [Garland] they lost one [Gorsuch] We should now get in a room and come up with a compromise to avoid the nuclear option
This is also not how it works.
Sen. Mazie Hirono predicts SCOTUS nominee Neil Gorsuch will deny women equal pay http://bit.ly/2oWQAGf 
Oh. http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/apr/4/hirono-predicts-gorsuch-will-deny-women-equal-pay/ …
What "doesn't work" is encouraging Neil Gorsuch to steal a Supreme Court seat that clearly and unequivocally doesn't belong to him.
The seat did not belong to Garland, or to Obama, regardless of how much you wish it did.
As for Gorsuch, you're not troubled by his sociopathic reasoning with regard to hypothermia?
An appellate court judge is supposed to make rulings based on existing law, they are not supposed to consider anything else but the law.
Which makes Neil Gorsuch a sociopath (because he would not factor in the HUMAN consideration in the matter). Thanks for the clarification.
That's not what judges do, they interpret the law, period, otherwise laws mean nothing. That's a ridiculous thing to say.
No. What's "ridiculous" is your lack of humanity. See the attached.
Oh? So far it's worked exactly as you've wished...until now. Can't let you steal the seat. You'll need to compromise on this one, Senator.
This is more proof our schools r failing!!

Guess what? @SenateMajLdr not even permitting #MerrickGarland a HEARING? 
That's not how it works.
He's not entitled to a hearing, they aren't even required to consider a nomination. Time for the Harry Reid option, end of story.
@LegInsurrection we can overlook the pols saying "nuclear option"; grandstanding' their way. But let's not repeat it.
going back to the way it should be is not destructive; hence, it's not a nuclear option. #confirmgorsuch
@McConnellPress Exactly how it works Give us a new candidate don't change the rules. A moderate conservative would work for all of us.
Elections have consequences @senatorschumer
Great minds senator, great minds.
-Tables will turn, for sure. Be prepared to receive what you dish out. Corporations will not be citizens.
NUCLEAR OPTION
THE GOVERNMENT IS SO INCREDIBLY CORRUPT IT'S MIND BOGGLING.  SWAMP CREATURES EVERYWHERE
When you start working for Americans, I might listen to your telling me "how it works"  Party over country is not how it should work.
they are gonna confirm him to avoid the nuclear option, and they think the gop is dumb enough to give them something for it.
That's right!  Thank you!
Compromise, lol. That word isn't even understood in Demotard circles.
Democrats are children. School yard bullies. Smh
Certainly right senator! Like fighting as a kid. Kid u r on top of says i gve up! U let him up and he hits u from behind!
You tell him Sir!
politics has become a game of gotcha. Both sides are to blame for nothing getting done in D.C.  I 4 one am sick of all them.
Dear Republicans, you are the majority. Act like it! The Dems created the nuclear option. Let 'em wallow in it.
P. S. we the people are taking back our country! You ALL have to show some balls against liberals or you have to GO!
Enough already!
At least the Dems won't give Trump a free pass on Judges as you do with Demorats! Time for you to retire.
We didn't and we won't lose one.
stay strong and firm for Gorsuch. He seems like a great choice for America
Schumer has such grade school mentality. Which I must apologize to most grade schoolers.
@chuckschumer said Dems blocked Gorsuch bc Rep's didn't approve Garland, acting like 5 yo!
He thinks it's a game at a child's party. Get over it Chuck. GOP did what both Biden and Crazy Kaine said should be done. Simple as that.
.@senorrinhatch @RNRConnecticut #SCOTUS #Gorsuch 
#GOP is carrying out 1992 #BidenRule !Btw @SenSchumer agreed w/it in 2007!You Tube them!
Garland was payback for Bork.  We're even.
Gorsuch will be confirmed. Stop the obstruction folks.
Schumer will cave and grant 60.  He knows if the nuke opt. is forced now it will be used to replace a couple of libs soon.
Congress needs drug testing.
Confirm Gorsuch!
NUKE51 is on the docket!!
NO compromise over Gorsuch. We elected Trump to get conservative Supreme Ct. justices. Go nuclear.
Conservative is fine. This judge #Gorsuch has consistently voted for corporations against people. SCOTUS rebuked him during his own hearing!
Schummer is doing this just to spite president! He is just an ass!
SCUMMER..would like it to be that way ..one small PROBLEM..WE WON & HAVE TOTAL CONTROL & ..I FOR ONE AM BESIDE MYSELF WITH JOY !
Reid set the the nuke...let it blow
That's how it should work!  Gotta keep the #antiwoman justices OFF THE BENH @SenateDems
@AWorlow @tcberenson get him Orrin!!!!
@rmandetroit Nice try though...
Thanks you @senorrinhatch 

Please stay the course.
Do you really think Dems would be so fair?
Boooyaaaaah! American's showed Schumer the "compromise"..... we have the GOP the House, Senate & WH. That was OUR compromise after OBAMA!
How 'bout we compromise by eveyone FOLLOWING THE CONSTITUTION! (Including the part about the 'least dangerous branch')
the days of dems walking all over reps is over...enjoy the NWO Schumer lol
Thank you!
You went nuclear. What did you expect? #idiocracy #resign
Compromise?  Concession that @GOP has been shamelessly obstructionist for last 8 years?  Not on my watch
Ya - what did the democrats say?
Elections have consequences. 
No one wants your lib Supreme Court.
#WhyTrumpWon
Elections have consequences - Obama
Well said Senator!  Tell the Illegal Immigrant Party to piss off.
They lost Garland because conservatives knew what he was, who wanted him on the SCOTUS, and why. They should've picked better, I guess.
Hey Senator how does it work? You stole a seat on SCOTUS.  Merrick was in line first.
It seems like no one has worked in the Senate nor House for six years. Time to learn how to negotiate. Get the government working again
Going nuclear in April is like the guy at the grocery store pulling out a gun because he couldn't get chips on sale. #Get60.
Put vote on hold. Gorsuch will never be accepted until Russia/Trump connection solved. Show maturity, country before party.

God Bless you, Senator. Keep at it.
Do what the Democrats did for "compromise".... 

#NukeThem
We must not EVER confuse any of @TheDemocrats with FACTS.
You created it. Suck it up.
It should. If you cared about democracy, it would.
I love this guy!!!!  Thank you
That is how it works with self consumed power hungry zealots who only care about their own power. The country and protocol be damned.
I agree! #Tatiana cc: @SenSchumer
Please do not negotiate with Sen Schumer. No "big deals" behind closed doors. 51-n-done.
No Gorsuch vote until Trump TREASON is resolved! Stop spouting the Nazi crap about how democracy works
Schumer should turn in his man card. How pathetic he has become.
Go Senator Hatch!
@WeGovernUSA @tcberenson Do not back down Sen Hatch. Keep option on table. U lose that & U bog down everything and dems win.
No you think YOUR ALWAYS RIGHT! But America is beginning to understand your party can't govern
You all stole a SCOTUS seat by not even hearing Merrick Garland. You don't get to scold anybody, old man. #Senate #Gorsuch #msnbc
SCHUMER's proposing unlawful TRADING of votes.A HIGH CRIME.Garland was first nominee put forward during recess & lame duck Obama Presidency
Confirm Gorsuch NOW - screw these lunatic Dems and their leader Schumer
Just refuse to hold the confirmation  hearing like a good Senator would
Just nuke the whole thing and start loading the effing courts....screw Trumps survival odds and just get it done.....
How it's supposed to work is President nominates a candidate and you vote on candidate.  Obama nominated Garland and you didn't vote on him.
Garland didn't deserve the seat - period - killing Scalia to stack the court was despicable
Exactly thank you senator!There is no reason for listening to my senator that's an embarrassment to ny.He'd never agree to anyone appointed
GOOD - DO YOUR NUCLEAR HARM, ORRIN.  IT WILL BE YOUR LAST ACT IN THE SENATE.
But it should, sir. You people do not know how to play nice w/the other kids.
It could be.
That exactly how it should work. The problem is you and the GOP have their heads too far up their own ass
and Schumer and Dems don't - LMAO - Confirm Gorsuch NOW
I never claimed that? Try rereading. Using the nuclear option to force Gorsuch leads to more disparity. Maybe try actually talking about it?
Try talking to toddlers like Schumer, Waters and Pelosi - ok ... concept is awesome - but the cast not so much ....js
You guys literally elected the embodiment of a toddler. Glass houses. But that's how things ACTUALLY get done. Not by being petty
Please - the Democrats own petty - it's their way or no way -
Oh except for the 79 different times the GOP filibustered Obama before finally using a nuclear option. In comparison to now? It reeks petty
See - it only reeks when it is done to you right?  Schumer Pelosi and Obama confirmed Gorsuch in 2006 - so what's the problem?
Don't even hesitate to use the H. Reid option.  It's hard to understand why a majority vote is unfair.
Exactly, Do what you have to do....The ball is in your court..Don't call the wrong play.. Stubbornness is a sin..
Why not?
Bc dems didnt accept those terms when it came 2 federal nominees. Why should we accept those terms with SCOTUS? Nuke it & return to normalcy
Gorsuch was nominated by a president currently under investigation for TREASON

the GOP is anti-American  and batshit crazy
