Nobody wants the status quo. We know you caused it and you can fix it. Do your job and fix the ACA as 55% want. http://for.tn/2sjq9PH 
Most people on Medicaid are working for minimum wage - many with multiple jobs. You don't get it.
that's nice. voters will decide if u did better. So u better b certain ubrbaerving ppl not party
Better? Tax breaks for RICHEST 400 to support cruel cuts to Medicaid, allow insurers to deny cover for pregnancy, mental illness, disabled.
Our country is the disaster and you are the cause.
Other countries have FREE healthcare, but USA has to pay off big PHARMACEUTICALS Corporations since they bought your election! Disgusting!
Tell the truth.  This is no better than Obamacare.  This will only help you lose the majority.  Repeal it now while you can!
LMFAO at the republican LIES.  Help the rich, screw the middle and poorer classes.  That is your agenda.
This is the case, to work for the American people! We voted for all that our President and the Republicans are doing.
Yeah but u didn't & your sabotage is largely to blame for the current crisis.
reality is coming in the 2018 election
It's imploding because you sabotaged it! Raising premiums on the elderly and taking health care away from 23 mill ppl isn't better!
You liars.
and yet you ignore POTUS embarrassment/danger!!
You @SenateMajLdr created that "REALITY" by playing Party over Country. Now you think you're the heroes? No, more like selfish pigs.
The insurance agencies state the current problem is marketplace uncertainty caused by the GOP.  What is GOOD about GOP plan?
McConnell lied in his press conference today, insurance companies are leaving Obamacare because they do not trust the Republicans.
YOUR BILL IS SHIT. RESIGN. ALL OF YOU.
We are promised a repeal and the Senate what's to give us a worse Bill that the house! Unseat McConnell and Ryan! Failed leadership!
Two separate issues Repeal Obama like insurance. Stop being control freaks. Defund Planned Parenthood.
This is not Repeal & Replace!!!  Go back and do your job!  Give us back the competitive insurance market we had before Obama Care!!!
I am an independent voter and white McConnell started this bull Shit one term president Republican party that a Black Man got healthCareTrue
Liars, liars, liars!!! 2018
Your program/bill is no better, is worse You're still catering to insurance industry & not doing what would be best for the People.
Better? Yep for billionaires just yours boss Trump !
REPEAL MEANS REPEAL NOT OBAMACARE LIGHT OR OBAMACARE II. GET THE GOVT. OUT OF HEALTHCARE.
You are going to be responsible for a lot of deaths. But hey,  tax cuts!!
We promised to repeal ACA? No how about you speak truth to constituents & should've fix ACA probs. Party is more important, power.  Not US.

"It's much better than Obamacare," Sen. Purdue. on new health bill. 

"Why?" we ask.…
Right, Senator-- billionaires are tired of the status quo--they want those big juicy tax cuts that u give them by cutting our healthcare.
Anyone who votes for this is out next election.  The only reason you wouldn't care about that is if you will be laughing to the bank. $$$$
@HouseGOP   Yes, so PLEASE put your differences aside remain UNIFIED and don't miss this oppty to #RepealAndReplace ! Your constituents,
Touble times when the GOp does care about American
Repeal don't replace fulfill your promise or you will be out like the #dems #gop #congress
" If congress had not stolen funds that was for social security years ago, and stop behaving like Robin Hood, that would make a difference."
You and Trump are sabotaging it. The GOP will pay a high price in 2018 for taking healthcare from ordinary Americans.
@GOP only authorized 12% of #ACA payments to insurers. It obvious they are to blame for #Obamacare is failing.
I love the repeal part & voted for it, the replace not so much. Get the federal gov out of health care.
#youbreakityoubuyit
Are you sure you think that? If it were true, wouldn't you be transparent?

Excuse. U will own. It. Who will u blame then.
Just will own  it. Now learn your new talking head points wo blame on Obama.
I pray for your evil, evil souls. #NoAHCA #DeathCare #WealthCarr
Fake News.
It's not imploding. But your bill will destroy healthcare & Medicaid. Tax cuts for the rich at the expense of the poor & the elder #GOPLIes
To ignore the fact that your health care is unaffected by anything you pass onto we the ppl is deplorable
Time 4 you to go without
You cando better for your rich friends, and hurt the people that need help in the process the way you are going. Heartless, no  compassion !
I have stage 4 cancer and while you make sure I die much earlier, I will be protesting outside your offices and in my hometown. Shame on you
You made sure of it imploding!  13 white men hiding, hiding like a bunch of rats is NOT what democracy stands for. You will be remembered!
All lies.
You Repubs better be listening to Americans get Obamacare off our backs! Move POTUS agenda or be sent packing!
"Dear rural Republicans, 
Hard work, efforts and dedication of any progressive is to be scorned. Any successes shld be sabotaged, destroyed"
Hey #Kentucky  Replace this gobble neck LOSER with a republican who actually WANTS to vote like a republican! #Useless #DumpMcConnell
Better for who? Rich doctors and greedy insurance companies? Be serious. Enact Universal Healthcare now. @AmerMedicalAssn
You think so b/c you believe fascism is better. Sane people know your BS ideas are far worse for most Americans. Thats why you have to sneak
Where are the women Senators on Trump care?
more Rep lies, after sabotaging ACA, your plan will give rich huge tax breaks to super rich & kick 23M off healthcare
BS as usual..DEMS asked  what particpation introduce the bill and have hearings  Thats how Congress is suppose to WORK  dummies 
Please show us so we can sleep again. All we do is worry that we are 1 hospitalization away from bankruptcy. The bill isn't just "mean" ...
Because of its alleged contents. It's mean because you're putting the American people at risk over a pissing war.
People with pre-existing illnesses just want access so that our family won't go bankrupt in case of hospitalization. I am now a giant burden
To the people who love me the most. What are my options there? Leave them so it doesn't hurt them? Die so it doesn't financially hurt them?
Let's do all we can to make sure Obamacare implodes and then constantly talk about how Obamacare is imploding!
You had the solution when Obama was in office, it got to his desk. Pass that exact bill, or are you scared it will get signed? #GOPe
To ignore that profits over patients is the real issue, is to ignore reality. Signing up sicker patients reduced profit margin they claim.
total #crap - you are killing US citizens better than any #ISIS plot #deathpanel indeed
You ppl are the swamp, don't think for a moment we blame Dems. No, we blame you for blocking Trump. 
"it's gonna be great" 
great, what's in it?
"It'll be great, that's what"
NO SUBSTANCE
Its no recuse mission .It going to kill children and seniors and bankrupt families.But as long as the 1 precent get tax breaks SHAME
prove it. You had over 8 years to create a better plan....still have not heard it.  Stop taking vacations until your work is done
You could, but you have no interest in doing that. What you are doing is making sure the rich cronies get a tax break. Appalling !
We have defended Germany and Japan for 2 generations. They have universal care and we don't. GOP does not care.
If you think you can do better, why don't you #ShowUsTheBill? @AmerAcadPeds
What is happening to healthcare for people is your fault!  You know it. You made the market so unstable, insurance companies pulling out.
If you want to be the party that fixed healthcare, establish single-payer, multi-provider for all.
WHAT IS THE PLAN? AS CITIZENS, DO WE NOT DESERVE TO KNOW WHAT YOU ARE VOTING ON? THIS IS DISGRACEFUL & HYPOCRITICAL! U ALL SCREAMED OVER ACA
With download to the states, who have options, is your we can do better? Town halls were bad before, but this time a revolt. Dr. Price
You guys are like a broken record of constant lies. Tell the people how you destroyed the ACA. #GOPlies #ACA #AHCA
Federal support for heath Care, downloaded to States, that can opt out of Precondition and Medicaid, Trump will wear the failure.
We need sustained coverage & access to quality care. We need Universal Health Care as much if NOT MORE than military protection.
i think you're fucking the middle class to give the kochs a raise.
How can you say you have waited for the dems? You have sabotaged this law at every turn.  This so politically craven and just disgraceful.
It wouldn't implode if you'd simply pay the subsidies you agreed to pay.
Well, the information leaked tonight clearly shows you did much much worse. And the lies about the Dems refusing to work with you are gross.
Let me consistently remind you that by not paying out the RISK CORRIDOR you effectively began to destabilize the market.
GOP actions forced that.
Doubt it.
Then show Dems the bill and have a constructive conversation to fix it. This line of action will have severe consequences
So the poor and not so bright vote you in..Then you screw them over..HOW DOES THAT FEEL... .YOUR RICH AND HAVE INSURANCE. .TAKE IT AWAY
U R not even sharing with ur own committee. Hope GOP Senators now speaking up will have the guts to vote no. #CountryOverParty #NoTrumpcare
Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, you hypocrites and frauds. You who trample on the poor and needy.
ACA needs TLC. You are throwing the baby out with the bath water. Trumpcare hurts Americans.  Plain and simple.
Hope KY ppl see how ur screwing them.
Prove it. Share the ACA with the American people before voting
GOP blocked Obama's attempt @ single payer, then deflated the tires on ACA & now are killing ACA to give another tax break to the rich.  F U
Why are MORE people losing health coverage then?
Keep hitting that one note. Bumper sticker messages are much better for your supporters than actual legislation that'll help them!
Stop lying to your constituents the failure of Obamacare is in Republican states. So that's the problem, not Obamacare.
You think that you can refill your war coffers that you drained looking for nonexistent WMDs. Yea, that, thought we forgot?
and uet you want to cram new legislation down our throats just like it, only this time economic chaos would ensue
GOP is creating its own Frankenstein; Cutting healthcare n giving tax breaks to the rich.
you have had 8 years to get this right you better or we will fire you and it won't take 8 years.
So why the behind closed doors sessions? Afraid?
You're ignoring the reality that tax cuts for the rich, only benifit the rich. Or you just lie. Either way I'm not expecting any good.
Sabotage and no enforcement cuz ur frenz aren't making enuff mummy, wah wah
"To ignore that the @GOP status quo is imploding is to ignore reality.We think we can do better than that.We can give tax breaks2rich..."
..destroy the environment,protections,healthcare,libraries,&public education!All while padding our pockets4reelection."
Implementing #ACA became #Trump's sworn duty on Jan 20, 2017. If it fails under his leadership, he would have broken his oath of office.
GOP sabotaged ACA. Time for a single payer system.
It is only imploding because you refuse to adequately fund it. We will not forget your abuse of power.

We're waiting for your plan! Do you have one that you can show us, or are you AFRAID of it being toxic to us Americans? You've been warned!
Stop with your lies TRAITORS!!#TrumpRussia
You've been sabotaging Obamacare so it will implode!!
Stand with the President
If you think you can do better, why are you writing the bill behind closed doors? #ShowUsTheBill
You made it implode.

Actions have consequences.
Call it what you want. It's got a 17% approval rating and you will lose the house if you pass this.
We've heard that before from Republicans.  Stonewalling is not powerful, it's a do nothing.
The great thing about this is when it fails, Republicans will be held responsible.
By not allowing debate or people to see it. 

The president even called it mean.
But you CAN'T do better than that! You've shown this over the last 8 years! Give it Up, GOP! It will poison your party to all Americans!
83% of the country doesn't believe you...does that matter at all to you? The @GOP is imploding when it comes to integrity!
GOP did nothing for 7 yrs now even if it has been in total control of making laws of the land!  How can one say GOP can outdo ACA now???
Trumpcare is worse.  We all know it and you're hiding it to avoid the anger once the bill is seen.  GOP doesn't want to protect Americans.
Ignore that we're going to take UR healthcare away ourselves so you don't have to wait to be uninsured. We love rich people and we're MEAN!
Every Welfare recipient must have 20% deducted for health care. They can learn how to budget, blame the fraud.
Time to come out of the swamp, become a true Republican and not in name only, or be an American and not a Globalist. Pass a Health Care Bill
If you dare touch kidscare or elder care I guarantee political suicide. Wanna bet?
Give us the same coverage you currently enjoy & you can take the AHCA once you being it out from the dungeon where you are drafting it now.
Then DO better than that! This is what we elected you people to do. HELP US!!!
Is this fake news???
They ARE fake news. ACA is not imploding.
holding the insurance subsidies to sabotage the ACA market place.  You should be sued for malpractice. Shame!
For millions it was a success & problem not Obamacare but lobby $$, excessive CEO salaries & greed for more profit & GOP did not do its job.
It is the responsibility of all Republicans to come together for the good of the nation & repeal/replace with Trump health care.
better solution FOR and ABOUT the AMERICAN PEOPLE PERIOD!
Let us know when you have that plan. Sure the 24 million and elderly would be thrilled to hear that
The ONLY damage ever sustained by Obamacare was due to @GOP sabotage and YOU KNOW  IT. Your actions are dispicable
#RESISTANCE #ImpeachTrump
It is time to move forward. Turn in your resignations so we can make democracy great again. We have no room for traitors in this country.
Repeal and replace!  Get it done soon.  No excuses.
What a load of crap from @SenateGOP & @SenateMajLdr .  Those people know full well ACA is working for millions & can be improved.
You do realize that Cuba, even with  the crippling sanctions the GOP endorses, still has far better HC for their entire country than the US?
How is it that the poorest Red states vote for you when you are so cruel to them? Like dogs who are beaten?
#ShowUsTheBill
#ShowUsTheBill
Show us the bill!  @JohnCornyn @tedcruz
As a cancer survivor at risk and w/o health insurance for over 20 years, @GOP lies make me furious.
http://www.politifact.com/wisconsin/statements/2017/feb/01/paul-ryan/paul-ryans-damning-claim-affordable-care-act-obama/ …
#RESISTANCE
I call bullshit on this statement. Cite your source, please.
THIS cancer survivor got coverage for the first time in over 20 years.
Yes you can universal health cut out the middleman
You better have a better AFFORDABLE plan for those of us who lost healthcare because of Obama and don't qualify for freebie because we work
@GOP WANTS TO TAKE YOUR HC MONEY AND GIVE IT TO THE RICH. ASK US WHAT WE WANT, NOT YOU RICH 35% BASE. THE REST OF US. WHY YOU LYING?
You're doing everything to kill it. It's gonna backfire on you. But the Kochs will be happy and that's all you care about. Think of that
JUST REPEAL IT !!!                    Obamacare is dying. Americans paid more than $3 billion in fines for not signing up. Rates are up 28%.
You purposely destroyed the AFFORDABLE Care Act to replace it with what? Something worse than anything else in insurance history? Shameful
AAARG-Nothing for years but obstruct and you have the guts to stand there complain about the #ACA.
The time has come for Americans to force our politicians to put country before party. Obamacare is not imploding. #RESISTANCE #ImpeachTrump
