Talk about sore losers,  Republicans would show their pettiness with the "nuclear option " not their respect for Senate rules.
@OrrinHatch Who can qualify under their rules?????   Give you a hint #Merrick Garland.
How about Garland?
@senorrinhatch Who can qualify? Someone who doesn't think a trucker should literally die for corporate greed.
No he didn't. His own pro-corporate feelings were exactly what he followed. Laws are laws.
You don't determine if someone is "right" based on whether or not they were reversed.
Laws are rarely black/white. They are up to the judge's interpretation. Out of 7 judges, Gorsuch was the only 1 ruled in favor of TransAm.
When someone uses "oh he simply followed the laws" as an excuse, s/he is simply full of shit. Judges can follow the laws and rule either way
It depends on the application and interpretation of laws. That's also why Gorsuch's 2008 anti-disabled ruling was overturned by SCOTUS.
Well Orrin Hatch: anybody can qualify if they don't take us back to the 13th century.

McChinless is a ...  His time is coming.  Karma is a b...
Nuke it.
answer, Merrick Garland!!!
Democrats don't have to vote on your guy y'all sure in the hell didn't think about giving Obama pick a vote
Senator Hatch you are a hypocrite.  Where were you when Garland was denied a hearing?  You and your kind make me sick
The subject is RUSSIA. Keep your eye on the ball.
Let them implode....they deserve themselves.
THE GOP DECIDED TO DESTROY PRESIDENT OBAMA FROM DAY ONE, BLOCKED HIS FEDERAL NOMINEES,THE REFUSED TO EVEN TALK TO GARLAND,JUST STOP WHINING
Qualified people?
Who can get a fair hearing under yours?
DEMS have nothing to loose. The GOP has been in lockstep against DEMS, middle class and poor.
SUSAN RICE SUSAN RICE SUSAN RICE SUSAN RICE SUSAN RICE SUSAN RICE
it's about a centrist a person for all America not just your version of America @GOP
How does he get through that without cracking up?
#JennyWilson!!
how about Merrick Garland?
How about Merrick Garland
Soo repubs refuse to hold vote for obamas nom but think boohoo bc dems vote no for trumps nom .. karma much
Merrick Garland
y didn't he speak out when he and the other's wouldn't give obama appointee to the supreme court. didn't hear no outrage.
#MerrickGarland
Come o Orrin, you used to defend the honor of the Senate.
What. Sad day for America with this kind of clowns at the WH & the GOP
There is no tolerance for dissent in the Democratic Party. If you want appropriations to see the light of day you must be in lockstep.
You know what upsetting to me Mr. Hatch. Your actions, your but a puppet now.
Merrick can qualify
Judge Garland that's who! You blowhards filibustered for almost a year!
Um, try #MerrickGarland.
Dirty game of politics
Democrats wasting time
Obama & the Democrats wanted to ram through activist judges so they used the nuclear option. Now they filibuster someone who'll respect laws
With Hatch in the house there's no shortage of stupid, mealymouth or scared shitless...
He dippy. Get used to it!! #RESISTANCE
Yes he did.  Now the garbage that made is life a living hell, are getting just what they deserve from the marmalade clown.  Lol
Elections have consequences,the democrats are going to learn this. Their liberal base demands stop Trump no matter what. It won't work.
Who could have qualified under your rules when President Obama made his nomination?
A mainstream candidate, sir.
Merritt Garland,  can qualify.
Ummm...DUUUHHH!!! MERRICK GARLAND!!!
Merrick Garland
...and shouldn't have 2 qualify. The winner should get who he wants. If u want to talk about Garland, what abt the untimely death of Scalia?
anything on susan rice ? your all fake all day cnn
Just remember Republicans, this will make it harder for you to get anything else pass, will it truly be worth it?
the judge that qualified before this one #GOP going to NUKE n,U remember #Garland the one U didn't so respect to have hearing
Well at least there is a vote!You guys would't Have hearing or vote !
New expression: 'concerned but not fearful human' available in the Reptilian app store.
@OrrinHatch a reasonable centrist jurist would pass muster of the judicial committee. Not an extremist partisan jurist like #Gorsuch.
What a bunch of babies. Nut up, boysYou started this little game.
Merrick Garland.
Merrick Garland
Such unabashed bullshittery.
Merrick Garland. Or @DougBenson. Both more honest than #Gorsuch. #SCOTUS
Merrick garland qualified but you people refused to even talk to him now you want to call foul you republicans are the biggest crybabies
This man was the eponymous "Elephant Man" before qualifying for SCOTUS under the Democrats' rules. 

Who is Joseph Merrick Garland?
Watch Fox News too Get The News
Much like who can qualify with your rules
#MerrickGarland
Don't do it Sen.Hatch try & get back to Bi-Partisan!U have to help Democrats save Face!iIf U go Nuclear w/Trump as Candidate U will regret!
Sen.Hatch U have 2 fix Ditch Mitche's stupidity!Pick another Candidate McConnel has pushed the Democrats into a do or die Corner!Call Truce!
THOSE DEMOCRATS ALWAYS WANT IT THERE WAY! THEY THINK THEY OWN THE THE PEOPLE!! NOT SO FAST DEMOCRATS YOU WILL BE REMEMBERED COME ELECTION!
Garland?
Merrick Garland qualifies. Try him. #hypocrite #russiagate
Merrick Garland
Someone who was legitimately nominated, not after #GOP disgraced the senate with what they did to Garland.
Merrick Garland would qualify
Judge Merrick Garland!!!! Why don't you try that????
Merrick Garland?
Drive the Dems to insanity. Nominate Ted Cruz for next vacancy
Perhaps someone not hand picked by #PresidentBannon who ran the hate site @BreitbartNews...
#stolenseat.
Merrick Garland
And under yours?
no one
Waaaaaaaaaaahhhhh! Karma's a bitch, @senorrinhatch. Glad you got to meet her. Hope you meet her many, many more times.
@OrrinHatch  Remember what you did to Garland and Obama.  You are showing the people that the GOP first (always), people 2nd.
Merrick Garland #MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland RING ANY BELLS??? @GOP !!!
Merrick Garland,  of course.
Judge Garland.
Merrick Garland
Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch on a planned filibuster from Democrats: “Who can qualify under their rules?”
Ha ha!!! Mariam Garland is denied a vote. Not qualified under GOP rules!!
A truly moderate/progressive judge, who follows the constitution.
Shame on Dem. THEY WILL PAY BIG PRICE IN 2018
Be a Democrat and screw the country just because you can. Eat your young just to spite the gop. Dems will be sory they did this next pick.
this judge is far right how about some compromise
It was the GOP who changed the rules by not giving Judge Garland a hearing.
Needing 60 votes (Gorsuch) is at least fairer than not allowing any vote or hearings (Garland).
Garland. Boy, that was an easy one!
Merrick Garland
As we were disappointed in the Republicans that didn't even give Obamas choice a chance.  So please look into the mirror when you talk.
Take them all to a vote and the seat would already be filled why can you steal a seat not yours republicans !
Nuclear their blank
Actually, Merrick Garland is qualified under the rules; he was denied by GOP when President Obama had 11 months remaining in his second term
GOP should find someone who can get 60 votes in Senate. Obama managed that twice. SCOTUS nominee should require some bipartisan support.
Founding founders were obsessed by tyrannies that didn't exist & left us vulnerable to those that do ....tyranny of the minority.
Two faced hyprocrites...Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, oh and have I said MERRICK GARLAND
Look at all the pasty-faced cretins in this video!
#ItIsMerrickGarlandSeat!!!
Merrick  Garland Hypocrite Hatch!
THE REPUBLICAN HYPOCRITES ARE AT IT AGAIN
#MerrickGarland
With all due respect this 83yr old has a memory problem. EVERY SCOTUS appointment has met the 60 vote threshold including two Obama appoint
Also amazing what Senate style healthcare can do
They r biggest crybaby Dem whiners in history of USA! they didn't care for 8 yrs!  DEMS: now we don't care 4 the next 8 yrs!
You mean congressional rules we have been following for decades? The same rules that were followed when ALL the nominees were confirmed?
Demonstrably corrupt. Senate Republicans have to change rules they used to obstruct a qualified SCOTUS candidate so they "win."
Horror & outrage by the Pubs for Dems "resist at all cost" position? Looks like they are getting a taste of their own medicine.
no filibuster there going nuclear.Gorsuch will be confirmed on Friday
AMERICAN BAR ASSOCIATION IS A CRIME, Inc., MAFIA STYLE.
Garland! (Took 3 seconds to answer).
Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
@SenateGOP will go down in history for trying to push thru as much as poss before treasonous Pres impeached. @HouseGOP trying to cover up
Sir as a democratic I want a judge to like the people that work
Wasnt he in the Wizard of Oz?
Garland. The legit nominee for the opening. @CNNPolitics @CNN @senorrinhatch
Anyone who isn't dangerously conservative!
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland- THATS WHO!!!!
@senorrinhatch @cnn Dear Senator - the answer is obvious. Merrick Garland would qualify. You spoke highly of him last year. #StopGorsuch
Merrick Garland has GOP heard of him?
Utah's favorite son and America's 10 most hated Senators'
The exact same number of nominees that you hypocrites were going to allow Obama & HRC appoint to the SCt. This is all on the Republicans.
Orrin, you forget you did not even vote on Obama's nomination. That's the Republican "democracy".
Did anyone ask him about lack of hearings on garland?  Hypocrite
Oh, I don't know -- how about the same sort of judge who would qualify under the GOP "refuse to have hearings on anyone" rules? Hypocrites.
Need to report on the treasonous Susan rice.
Perhaps a moderate Republican, or far better, let us investigate the terrifying geopolitical web Trump has allowed himself to be tangled in.
Dems lost the house..the senate..the presidency..whats left? Obstruction .that is all they have..for ENTIRE WORLD TO SEE..BYE BYE DUMMY DEMS
#Garland
The devil, Bannon, Javanca, Richie Rich, Trump's trouvador, a Platypus, the nanny and Kim yun un and his hair stylist from hell.
Who quslified under your @OrrinHatch ? @SenateGOP is giving opponents their campaign ads if they change rules when it suits them
Uhhh...#MerrickGarland?
Merrick Garland.
Merrick Garland.
#MerrickGarland
I say, put Gorsuch on hold, give Garland a hearing and give him a up or down vote...not confirm then tell the Dems to put up or shut up
Republicans have zero right to complain about this.  They stole this seat from Obama.
Who can qualify under YOUR rules, Mr. Hatch, when you don't even allow a vote? Save your indignation for someone who doesn't know what u did
Literally no one Trump would nominate can or should qualify
Former nominee by Obama had all requisites & Republicans wouldn't even meet with him simply because Obama nominated him. #Hypocrites
Both sides are nutz !
Merrick Garland!
Merrick Garland.
R are full of shit.  We are going to lose on this one but the R have very short memories. They wouldn't even have hearing on our candidate.
Garland!
How would the republicans know, they never gave obamas choice a chance
Who qualified under them when Obama was in?
Merrick Garland
Your guy got a hearing while theirs didn't because you made up the rules
Merrick Garland
Uhhhh...not sure...but maybe it rhymes with Derrick Farland...
What abt QUALITY of Merrick Garland? @OrrinHatch @All100Senators Not radical left 2 u, it's just Ms Left, lol, if u need 2 walls btwn people
Nuke the dems, nuke them, nuke them, nuke them!!!!
the democratic congress would not vote for Jesus if President Trump nominated him for a position
Same ones who qualified under Obama presidency.  I am no longer going to be republican
WAH! WAH! Poor Repubs! Have your temper tantrum now before you get a bucket of cold water in your face.
#MerrickGarland
Maybe the GOP should have thought of that when they wouldn't give President Obama's pick a vote!!!
WILD guess...Garland!  Y'all r hypocritical at best Insincere Duplicitous Ridiculous AND OLD!
@OrrinHatch so, the right thing to do was to not even hold a hearing for Merrick Garland?
Merrick Garland, for one....
Time to change the rules like Reid did. What comes around goes around Baby
Merrick Garland could! @OrrinHatch
Dems are like a bitter ex from a divorce who can't let go of what they feel entitled to.
Can't get over losing.
Can't adjust to reality.
hatch listen to your home people -Utah vote no for Gorsuch. Vote no for hatch 2918
Waiting to hear about #SusanRice crimes against US citizens. Why won't you report on Obama #Wiretapping Why won't you report the truth?
It's the "truth" because you want it to be and because it fits your narrative?  That's not truth.
No, unlike your #FakeNews of Russian collusion we actually have proof of the wiretapping on Trump #WakeUp #BlindFool
