Get your president off of Twitter and off of the golf course
 #ImpeachNow
Quick update from #PuertoRico: Planning to feed 12,000 people today! Thank you everyone for your support of @WCKitchen!! #ChefsforPuertoRico 
i guess when your as old as you are this probably seem's like a speedy response....gonna be great watching you rot in prison. #MuellerTime
You don't look so young yourself, no evidence of collusion with Russia now HRC  is a different story tons of evidence #LockHerUp
Delusional at best....but i do not remember asking your opinion..probably due to my age..50
No you didn't you just posted it on a social media site guess you didn't take good care of yourself you look 75

Who took this picture? It's a bad photo op. Get your waders on and get yourself there! You're a leader supposedly, so lead.  Mr. Busy Pants.
We know you're as big a racists as Trump, but it's time to get that maniac out of office. His attacks on Puerto Rico are attacks on the USA.
The economy has grown 3.1%and you want to impeach the best thing to happen to America since Reagan Obama never came close

ONLY IF THERE OS MONEY TO DO IT. BALANCE THE DAMN BUDGET!!!
Too little too late!
tax reform. if we must change the rules on count. must must must get this passed
Support our President you Never Trumper!

We're NOT helpless. Here are some measures most Americans support that could help stop future mass shootings. Pass it on. (h/t @sangerkatz) 
Tax reform Kate's law repeal ocare Border security extreme vetting reduce burdensome regulations vacations only after Entire Agenda passed
Koch, Coke, Koch
You have to do more for Puerto Rico. My family shouldn't be in danger bc of Washington's snail paced action. They are Americans.
What took so long? #BillyGoat
Are you for real?                                Mormons are regular citizens just like anyone else . And I am not Mormon.
What about CHIP????  Critically important for millions of children!  #ExtendCHIP
Only because of bad mgt for 30 years. No more freebies.
#ImpeachTrump Show some spine and impeach him and Pence immediately! Start the process now! @SenateMajLdr @AP
Five days late. Unbelievable. Puerto Ricans are dying of thirst. Dying in hospitals.
On which side of history will the #GOP be on? 
#Impeach the #GolferInChief
Why is that turtle holding a pen.

Here's the Mayor of San Juan being lazy, looking for survivors in a flood of sewage. And there's @POTUS, being "presidential." @GOP #impeach 
You are way too late!  Shame on you!
Liar.
That is quite the stupid looking picture

Repubs have one major problem on Obamacare https://youtu.be/aduTfKE5IOM  via @YouTube 
Tax cuts for wealthy is what ACA repeal is really about.
So are you cutting care to women and children so you can still get your tax cuts to the top? How inconvenient hurricanes make it harder.
What about impeachment for a president who is obviously not fit for the role? When will you stand up for that?
Since all you care about is retaining your job RESIGN!
Are we forgetting the #Obamacare Bailout? 
So you actually worked today?  At a desk and everything?  Wonders never cease.
How about all the other 200 plus bills the house has sent over to you?? How about repealing the disasterous obamacare?? Simple majority now!
You did something! Now do that with the House Bills but make sure @RandPaul approves please.
About freaking time. How about #CHIP while you're at it? It only expires tomorrow. And it's not like either of these was a surprise!
Rush Limbaugh just said it. We have to find out who is influencing Mitch McConnell to keep him from letting health care pass! Who is it?
Someone rich & powerful owns Mitch McConnell.
But wait! He's playing golf this weekend.
Address how incompetent Trump WH has been listen 2 ur General
Lt. Gen. Russel Honore says gov't's first mistake with Puerto Rico relief was not giving the mission to the military http://cbsn.ws/2hCfY66  
Now are you going to finally admit that the WHOLE REASON Obama had a huge budget was because of disasters and tragedies? 6 months in Trump
So somebody is still alive on Puerto Rico? Nice to know. 

#2ndgearnow
After the horse is out of the stable you rush to put the lock on. You have to photograph yourself being the obedient slave. U created this.
You failed America
Like the delay was some sort of accomplishment. Ha! You enabled suffering.
Merrick Garland
POTUS cleaning up after bad Cabinet choices: his own swamp
Disaster in Puerto Rico and Golfer in Chief @POTUS on the links again! What a leader! Disgraceful clown. @washingtonpost @SenJohnMcCain
Good...and slo mo isn't acceptable with Cat 5 hurricanes. And yes...CHiP? Also not acceptable to take HC away from millions!
CUT OUT THE RED TAPE AND THEM HELP. It is a TINY ISLAND. Surely we can help. What is this, Haiti?  Are we a 3rd world country???
About damn time
Oh well...he can't sign it, he has to go watch the real Presidents play golf. More delays!
“Oh yes a monochrome photo of me signing my stupid name on a piece of paper.  That will make the peasants respect me.”
Is it painful doing the right thing under public pressure? #crookedGOP
What about SCHIP?!?!
#disgraced
100 days later 
Build the Wall
Jesus...it took you long enough! #toolittletoolate
You praying again? Good for you! You obviously need to!!
Now only if it was a health bill you useless turtle. Don’t expect a Christmas card Mitch.
About F'ing time. Stop enabling 5x draft dodger.  Put San Juan Mayor or head of Air Force Academy in charge!
Good.. Now get tax reform done
Distraction. Your tax plan will raise the deficit by $1.5 trillion while giving you a $12million windfall, how nice is that?
Good get the rest of his agenda on the way to his desk
Should have been done a long time ago!
Have a Too Many blinds and darkness people around alway Blame


Good Just why They call Emergency. Help America first we all suffering
Already repealed
If you're talking about the Jones act now 10 day waiver that's it
Thx, pls work bipartisan from now on.
We have no Potus or a senate
You know He's on Vacation AGAIN, wasting taxpayer money, right?!?!
Retire
wow !
‘Bout fucking time. Now CHIP, 
WHY did it take so long?
And CHiP?
Thanks. Now where is CHIP. It runs out TODAY.
Why wasn't it set up before the disasters hit?  Ever hear of war gaming problems so you are prepared for all eventualities?
Do you want a gold star Mitch for doing what you where suppose to do a week ago smh
we use computers now.

Would you please update Americans on how many bills @realDonaldTrump has signed into law to date? Thank You.

Hard at it again. Is that pen so heavy that you couldn't use it during your 8 yrs of OBSTRUCTION?
Unending shame on you for letting down 9 million children. Get back to work and pass CHIP renewal.
Call yr Senators, demand immediate renewal for the CHIP program, vital for the health of 9 million American children (202) 224-3121
9 days too late.

Lol

Leadership was needed; US territories has no representation in the Senate thus no voice on floor.

Military support fills the leadership gap
You and your colleagues should be embarrassed at how long this has taken.
Now? NOAA was just making it up before? Talk about locking the door after the horse has bolted.  Monumental hypocrisy and mendacity.
Wow. You did something good. 
This is your true form.
What took you so long...vacation
Why are you acting like you care about anything except yourself and your own pocket??
Lets hope it is signed before he leaves to play golf this weekend
How do you sleep at night? So corrupt!
Could just be ineptitude, I don't know any more.  Probably both.
The easy things you do. How about DOING what you promised America you would do. Repeal Ocare. Massive tax cuts, build the wall.
What are bragging about? We are not forgetting heath care maggot! MAGA drain the swamp
Good. Now do your job and #ImpeachTrump
Where’s CHIP?
Puerto Rico is dying.....
Have Senate. Vote on individual components of tax reform separately. It holds their ft. To the fire. No omnibus bill.
Very sad news, sir. #PrivateCharityGoodGovernmentAssistanceBad #LetsGetToCapitalism cc @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump

Mitch- Rush Limbaugh said if you got all your stop TRUMP posse together and passed TRUMP's program -Repubs could win all elections for years
Didn't get in any big hurry, did you??
Trump much too busy golfing to care .What about Chip ? Children do not matter to you No the one precent
When did he golf last.  Bet you cant tell us immediately.  Should he unlad the trucks? No corrupt PR officials should be doing it
NINE DAYS LATER?? Wow... guess you had other emergencies to deal with huh Mitch? SMH
They are empirical liars.  The status quo supports thier position, not ability.
Why all the red tape?
What about CHIP?
