During Confirmation Sessions Vows Not To Investigate Hillary Clinton:
Sessions Confirmation Hearing - Jan.10, 2017
http://www.thisweekinimmigration.com/uploads/6/9/2/2/69228175/hearingtranscript_senatejudiciarysessionsconfirmationhearing_2017-01-10.pdf …
Thank you, President Trump, for bringing Law and Order back to this nation,  You have every right to be frustrated with weak Jeff Sessions.
The United States of America is blessed w/your presidency. May God bless and protect you, your loved ones, this nation and the world.  Amen.
There's a lot to investigate, we need an Attorney General that is up to the task!
Something to be done about this Comey/Mueller conflict of interest. It is highly probable we'll charge BOTH. Mueller must be fired, at min.
President Trump, you did the right thing in STOPPING the funding of Al Qaeda "rebels" in Syria.  We were funding terrorism. You have wisdom.
It's a shame Attorney General Sessions vowed not to investigate the Clinton Foundation and the Clintons.  It ties your hands, for now.
For Reference: During Confirm Sessions Vows Not to Investigate Hillary Clinton: Sessions Con Hearing - Jan.10, '17
http://www.thisweekinimmigration.com/uploads/6/9/2/2/69228175/hearingtranscript_senatejudiciarysessionsconfirmationhearing_2017-01-10.pdf …
Do you think the disabled will celebrate you when you cut Medicare/Medicaid?
Have you even read what's proposed, or understand Medicaid? This BCRA cuts funding to millions of children, who qualify based on poverty.
Please share specific examples of this using non-biased sources. Thanks.
Are you referring to this article? Written in 2000? https://www.cms.gov/Research-Statistics-Data-and-Systems/Research/HealthCareFinancingReview/downloads/00fallpg105.pdf …
Great rally and spirit in Ohio last night Pres. Trump! You're doing an awesome job!
At destroying America.


July 26, 2017  27th Anniversary of the ADA but where are the teeth in that law. We need financial help for equipment as we age not gouging.

Great way for you to honor Ted Kennedy. The bipartisan support to pass the ADA should be used for health care today.
Why? So we will hurt less when you take away our access to health care? So cruel
Another proclamation from the faux president who thinks he's a monarch? Lol Are you going on tv to mock another disabled person? Can't wait.
Unless, of course, they need healthcare, in which case - screw them?
Is that the day you take away all their healthcare
Whilst trying to take healthcare away from millions of Americans with disabilities...
Why not make it the day of your resignation???
How about move all the liberal morons to another country?
If you are not for liberalism then you do not stand for the values our country was brought up on so how about you get the fuck out or actually learn what liberalism means.
Explain why having individual freedom, creating progress as a society, and standing for the protection of political & civil liberties is a mental disorder. We have a Statue of Liberty yet people like you continue to just repeat this liberals are bad rhetoric. #learnhistory
Never said we are governed by the Statue of Liberty... I pointed out it is a symbol of our country and what we stand for. Everything you just pointed out is speculation and speculation does not hold up. People like you need to expand your vocab and figure out a more fitting...
word than liberal for the people you are trying to go after because this country was founded by people who fit the exact definition of being a liberal.
Another DEFEAT TO REPEAL, OBAMA CARE LIVES!!!
We haven't forgotten
Fake news...
Remember this?
He ridiculed and made fun of a disabled reporter he doesn't understand disabilities. I'm probably giving him too much credit as it is.

There's a STORM brewing and it's going to clean up the  OBAMA left behind. The STORM'S name is "TRUMP" @realDonaldTrump @POTUS

…
And yet your plan to rob Americans with disabilities of health care show what your really think about them
I proclaim today as #RussiaDay, just another day for loser POS POTUS
#Resist and #ImpeachTrumpNow so we can enjoy #GameOfThrones in #peace


#MAGA #2A #BanIslam #1GOD #ProLife
And yet he is throwing the ADA under the bus with his Healthcare Reform!
Considering that you are mentally challenged, it's the least you can do. #shortfingeredvulgarian #anusmouth #grifterinchief
Um......yeah.....
#
Lol, so you champion those with disabilities by trying to strip them of healthcare and protection of those with preexisting conditions?
I taught students with disabilities. Thank you, Sir, for recognizing this important day in history. #MAGA#mypresident#KeepAmericaSafe
Emperor Trump needs some new clothes
Interestingly, those with disabilities are disproportionately harmed by his policies on healthcare and education
I'm surprised you have not tried to repeal the ADA through an Executive Order. Whoops? I should not be giving you any new ideas. @POTUS
I know of no other president that considered what was best 4 AMERICA FIRST. THANK GOD that we now have one, & so many stupid PPl don't care.
I'm surprised you haven't gutted protections for ppl with disabilities. Oh wait...repeal and replace. 
It'll be TRUMPCARE that'll kill millions of people! Enjoy the name because you own it!
It's not even a thing yet. Literally it's not even possible 4 TRUMPCARE 2 exist yet... Senators have passed 0 amendments or even a bill yet!
I know that right now but hypothetical if it passes it'll be he's baby ! He'll have to defend it & swim with the rest of his cronies!
But what if it's amazing? We won't know for probably 8 more years and by then someone else will be in office. McCain's speech said it best!
So you're celebrating by trying to take away the health care of millions of children with disabilities? Nice, class act you mate.
Stop trying to put the world to rights and get a move on up that motorway
Apparently he's just past Durham,  several more coffee and wee stops to go before Edinburgh 
Great to see we all share the same sentiment- great GIF 
You dishonor the office of the President of the United States. #maga
Thank you President Trump !
It is not right that our hospitals, schools & public businesses have 2 hire interpreters to converse with them illegals that can't speak Eng
Known to Republicans as, A Day in Celebration of the Last Anniversary of Preexisting Condition Health Care Coverage.
Remember when you mocked a disabled reporter for being disabled? I do.
People will ALWAYS remember your making fun of disabled reporter that u NEVER apologized for!!!
Finding fresh salt veins with every tweet.
Many Americans suffer with various disabilities. Some are able to find work, many are not. Make it worthwhile for employers to hire disabled
Are you gonna make jokes about cripples again? @GOP, what about you guys?

The Awan Brothers story could bring down the ENTIRE Democrat party. This could be huge!  https://www.pscp.tv/w/bEaNKDF3QkVBSlJNcUpKUVB8MWt2SnBqZ1lvVkRLRUacoHSAIQGzdAi9gYO6ZcMh1lxRW9yLghUWNQZ_OuG3 …
We love you Prez!
No WE don't.
Is he going to do mock impersonations of the disabled to commemorate the day? #Trumpolini

.@POTUS UR immigration requirements just put in R so important for R country. If they can't speak English, they R a drain on R country.
Potus, with faults 4 sure, still loves America, & is working to MAGA, bring jobs 2 AMERICA, IMPROVE EXONOMY ETC, & is succeeding. Love potus

The only thing that is dangerous to America and Americans is Trump.
After #transmilitaryban, #TrumpRussia #SessionsThreats, nothing you say counts, @scavino45. 

#ProtectTransTroops
Protect THEM?  Now you see the problem!
Thank you, POTUS for your continued fight to drain the swamp known as Washington DC. Every day our movement grows bigger, we will win!

@realDonaldTrump is a crook like his father and his sons. It's all in the family.
ADA 

..you have never been in one fight your entire life, have you kid? You look like you got asperger's
Oh making fun of mental health is hilarious you troll. Is being in fights a measure of worth?
Resign already. The world is laughing at the US because of you.
Matthew 7:15Beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep’s clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves.
 King James Version

The 29 most cringe-worthy lines from Donald Trump's hyper-political speech to the Boy Scouts
@Twitter, I think this account is being abused. Could you look into it?
#viagra #resist #shame
Deranged Donnie, MUELLER proclaims today one day closer to the end of the Trump Crime Organization!
President Trump the business man knows when to cut his loses. Expect the planned departure of America's disabled & sick from this earth.
Please stop attacking Jeff Sessions. Terrible move!!!!
Wow, give them a day & then hope rug gets pulled from them & their healthcare. Way to go. U don't give a crap about any of these people.
President Trump please give attorney sessions a chance remember he was the first one to endorse you and I believe in him and you
From a person who mocked and laughed at a disabled reporter, it's almost ironic but it's just pathetic !
The Uniformed Services Former Spouses' Protection Act (or USFSPA) 
U.S.C. sections created: 10 U.S.C. ch. 71 § 1408 e
Proud of you, Mr. President!
I'm hundred percent for you sir,but  where are the jobs? I've put in 2,000 job applications and practically going homeless. I want to work!
Call me and explain how bonds work and the best way to get the Mr President 

Talk about yourself in 3rd person much
Extremely hypocritical to celebrate ADA when you're supporting a bill that kick off millions of Americans who have disabilities off HC. SAD.
You should apologize to the NY Times reporter you insulted and bullied.
Haven't you mocked disabled folks in a the past? You are the biggest hypocrite
what does session have on Trump
I'm confused, impeach the president for what reason? I really must have missed the reason. Making America great is okay in my book.
...and this, while you are working so hard to gut healthcare.  SAD and SHAMEFUL!
Varney:      ALL TIME INTRA-DAY DOW JONES HIGH.   HURRAH  MR. POTUS.
Trump is a traitor, a liar and a con artist who belongs in prison!
While taking away health care from millions. #LiarInChief I don't envy your twitter writer! @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
To dare and use the word" celebration"...you are a menace to civilization
Yes, and lets celebrate by taking away their medicaid! Jackhole...
Take the challenge. Meet her, you draft dodger.
As he try too cut the VA and Medicaid and Medicare and Health Insurance! What a liar! @POTUS lies! #POTUSlies
#JeffSessions you and every republican should know this about #SnakeTrump @realDonaldTrump CAN'T be trusted he #FlipFlops
what better way to celebrate protections for the disabled than taking away health insurance from 22M and raising premiums?
working hard as usual
An attempt to throw us off of him, his son and son in law and the rest of the nuts that want to take away our freedom, he's a liar and crook
donnie = HYPOCRITE!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PX9reO3QnUA … @DisabledWorld @DisabledGo @DisabledVetsCPX @DisabledSportUS @_aaidd @AAPD @ASHAWeb @CP_Guide
@DREDF @EpilepsyFdn @GDSFoundation @Incight @riotwomennn @ABCPolitics @CBSPolitics @NBCPolitics @CNNPolitics @AP_Politics @morningmika
Glad to see JOHN McCain has a backbone and demonstrates his leadership skills unlike some others we know
MEET CHRIS STEVENS......................
BENGHAZI=HILLARY=DID=NOTHING.
CHRIS IS GONE NOW............................
OBAMACARE TRUMPS TRUMPCARE; thank you, Senator McCain for allowing no tie-breaker…may u cast many more votes…
So, which disabled person are you going to mock today?
trump mocked disabled reporter, stated spec needs kids biggest distraction in pub schools, and tried to cut $800 mil from Medicaid.
Another day that America will celebrate is when you get impeached and thrown in jail for treason. That day will be my new New Years.
I'M A REPUBLICAN BUT IT DOES SEEM THAT THEY R SPINELESS. U R IN CHARGE, DONT LET THIS GOLDEN HOUR SLIP AWAY. GET GINDRICH IN THERE.
..Steve Mnuchin’s approach has been to insist that it’s “not about” cutting taxes for the rich. Trump Just tell massive lies about it.
This is hilarious, you insult the disabled, fail to represent them, and work to take away their healthcare which threatens their lives, wth?
And the 17th anniversary of the ACA...LOL!
How dare U reference this historic event when you ridicule and demean the disabled.
Donald  J. , We need the PR! 
Those #lazy #bastards. Get back to work. Stop #sponging off the #government. BTW I am #disabled. And don't think that way.
In all my 56yrs on this earth would I ever witness a disgrace of a president & GOP that is spineless to stand up for what's  rite & decent!
On the same day you ban transgenders from military service? Have you no shame
And in a month you hope to celebrate taking everything they need to survive. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Is this supposed to make parents feel that trump truly cares about our beautiful, special children?
Does this mean he will apologize for his mocking of disabilities?
Don't give a crap what he proclaims, he is not my president
Thank you @POTUS!  Thank you for everything you do!
Stop making up holidays and do real work, President Clown.

Must be a typo. Oh, wait. Right.  The real Donald Trump doesn't post on this page.
Trump doesn't care about disabled people. Otherwise he wouldn't be for cutting Medicaid.
You are sickening.
As a disabled veteran I thank you for all you are doing to help veterans.
#OneNationUnderGOD God bless America I am so thankful for Trump! I still believe in the Repeal and Replace!
You're kidding right? He wants to gut Medicaid give tax breaks to the rich you are hurting the disabled not supporting them SHAME ON YOU
@BarackObama didn't do that - Wow @realDonaldTrump is getting stuff done.
The irony is real. Do you even know what it is?

Is that so he can invite folks to the White House and make fun of them? Horrible man.
Like you even care about people, never mind those with disabilities.
@TuckerCarlson @BretBaier C Krauthammer closeness to William Kristol blocks any rational assessment he can have about president Trump.
And you'll celebrate by trying to take away their health care & regs that protect them? #PatheticPOTUS #TrumpTrainDerailment

But if you are Transgender @realDonaldTrump doesn’t want you in HIS military. F him I appreciate and want your service. #ImpeachTrumpNow
@TuckerCarlson @BretBaier Gregg Jarrett, A Dershowitz and J Turley said Mueller counsels no crime, cannot do any indictment,and is UNETHICAL
I need this to be a meme
#bringbackobama @POTUS
Please do your impression again...
Dream. U know better than the ones that u lie to. STOCK HOLDERS COME BEFORE MY HEALTH NEEDS
While aggressively trying to take healthcare away from millions of disabled Americans. #hypocriteinchief
My birthday today too.
I'm disable, worked 20 years longer then told. 12+ surgery's. NEVER collected fd stamps welfare!!!
I wish u could be open minded for a moment.  U know since you have to care for all of us . Not just republicans. Affordable care is a pipe d
WOW! interesting that it comes right after discriminating against LGBTQ/MILITARY. remember this ? http://www.npr.org/sections/ed/2017/06/07/531783226/asked-about-discrimination-betsy-devos-said-this-14-times … WHAT A HYPOCRITE
Just get the f out and we will all be happy!
That is why you need a one-on-one grievance discussion with AG Sessions (show little respect); AMER doesn’t need detractors at this point
While planning to take away their insurance.  Hypocrite.
Backlash After President Trump Uses Boy Scout Jamboree as Political Soapbox – and Encourages Them to Boo Obama
July 26, 2017 Trump tweets to ban transgender Americans from military.
July 26, 1948 Truman signs EO eliminating discrimination in military
Not able to stand on your own merits by trying to fool people into thinking this is President Trumps account. #so sad #weakpeople
@TuckerCarlson W Street J  GOP “skinny Health Care  bill” version #2:Nothing about the wasteful Obama Medicaid expansion.
Will we still be celebrating  when they no longer have healthcare.
We needed more people like Trump in this world.
.

           ISIS - 1                                ISIS -2
.
Jeff sessions should resign he is weak.America needs someone who will start prosecuting criminals in our government!
The disabled. One of the next on asswipes chopping block #FakePresident #ImpeachTrump #Jailtrump
You are not royalty! Stop acting like you are!
As you push to strip healthcare from people for whom the ADA was largely created? ADA info taken off WH website DAY after puny inauguration.
Owed everyone from Russians oligarchs and gangsters to just about every banks.  Rich people don't license their name like that.
Well, at least he got the math right.
President Trump....please keep Jeff Sessions...you need his support.
How long do we hide the fact we are 20 trillion in debt open border tax giveaway  financial  #suicide
 #treason
#FullRepeal 
#Zero tax 100k
Ticked you to use a big boy word, didn't it
