Lies
GOP hasn't released much re ACA so this is special.

Fact from Sen Hatch: ACA added $1 trillion 2 American wallets.…
Your plan would cause millions of people to have no coverage at all. Is that better?
Utah under ACHA: premiums will go up avg of $701, 205,000 will lose coverage...we gonna do all the states today?
Did Utah take the expansion?
And it's YOUR fault.
Liars!
Republicans are colluding with ins co CEOS to kill Obamacare, kick 24 mil AMERICANS off healthcare in exchange for tax cuts and more profits
So why haven't you repealed it like you promised you would. Funny how you could pass Repeal when you had  Dirty Harry Reed to block it.
We have defended 1st world industrial democracies for 2 generations. They have universal healthcare and we don't. It's a damn shame.
@GOPSenFinance No one really cares about the problems of ObamaCare. You all are over playing the complaints. We want SOLUTIONS.
Yes. The new Saboteurs---Repubs.
SHOW THE @GOP BILL -the one w/o input from HC orgs or women ... SHOW THE BILL - millions left w/o HC - elderly, Kids, women - SHOW THE BILL
Republican governor.
Is this why Chaffetz is retiring? Horrible leadership
Did you know that Utah figured out its cheaper to give homeless ppl apartments than deal with the medical & police costs of homelessness? 1/
I hadn't heard that, and would oppose it. Can you point me to a resource to about it? All I can find are popular reports c.2015
U SABOTAGED ACA FROM START RE-FUND RISK CORRIDOR & GIVE INS CO INFO THEY NEED FOR 2018 WE WILL VOTE U OUT!!!!
@GOPSenFinance Based on ur complaints, ur solutions should be: Ensure everyone's covered; Lower cost; Multiple insurer options.
nobody wants the status quo. Most people want you to get work and improve it.
Your sabotage is working and American citizens are suffering. Thanks Trump! Thanks GOP!
EXPAND MEDICARE AND MEDICAID NOW!!!
BECAUSE YOU GOP KNUCKLEHEADS REFUSED THE MEDICAID EXPANSION!!! YOUR FAULT!! NOT ACA. #utpol
umm before Ocare we Pd 1280/mo on ind hlthcare. Not great coverage and my daughter w autism wasn't covered. Ins comp R the prob!!
And it saved my Uncles life. God bless Obama-Care!!!
#propaganda
CBO score is out and it reinforces why AARP opposes #AHCA. 23 million more uninsured, age tax & removal of preexisting condition protection
Blur Cross dropped out because they weren't making a profit; and won't sign with Trumpcare because they do not trust him or the Republicans.
Republicans have sabotaged the ACA for 7 yrs by not providing proper funding and are trying to blame Dems who have provided bills to Fix ACA
And you could have done something to prevent it. Tail now wagging the dog.
But none of you ever blame the INSURANCE Companies!!!!!!!!!
The same is true of a lot of stuff. Cheaper to deal w/med needs up front, than the consequences. Disability, bankruptcy, death—not cheap! 2/
I have yet to see a single medical group endorse republican revision. As far as I can tell they all vehemently oppose it. Plus the AARP.
Let's establish universal health care!
Senate Republicans, when your refrigerator goes out you burn your house down? Yeah I didn't think so. Let's get busy and fix Obamacare now
Remediating this insurer problem to minimize cost must be immediate & is irresponsible not to fix it pronto for those w/ power to do it!???
We know why we don't have insures. The Gop has made it it's business to totally sabotage it. okay show us what RYANCARE looks like!!
Your party does not want to get to the bottom of the Russia Investigation. Very, very sad. In fact UnAmerican. The price will be paid.
Such a horrible healthcare operation it's USELESS INSURANCE like commercials on TV nope MY ins don't do that
That's what happens when you (@GOP) sabotage something: it breaks.
Check out health care provided by our neighbor to the north (Canada).  Working much better than what we have
all they need is 1 insurer, I'll take a 20% increase any day over what u guys are about to do
Fix Obamacare don't let it fail. Do something positive for the first time in your political careers.
instead of going around complaining and having plans that will uninsure millions, look for a solution.  like single payer
95% of Utah's pop. lives in the other 55%. Stop lying to pass a mean spirited plan to give the wealthy a tax cut at the expense of the poor.
#sabotage
that is GOP fault by intentionally undermining ACA. GOP health plan is wretched for sick people. Don't call it insurance
The Republican “health care” bill is a disaster. It has nothing to do with health care and everything to do with tax breaks for the wealthy.
we are not fooled by your propaganda. You are intentionally sabotaging ACA to create a crisis so you can jam trumpcare through.
So your solution is to blow it up & deprive an estimated 205k Utahans of insurance per CBO score of #AHCA altogether? How compassionate of u
Your comment also ignores the deliberate efforts of R to destabilize the individual markets. #MerchantOfDeath
If @POTUS hadn't sabotaged ACA by not guaranteeing the payments to insurers for low income patients 3 months ago we would not be this bad.
Trump's threat to withhold reimbursements is tantamount to #sabotage. @GOP is complicit.
Trumpcare will devastate UT families.
Tell us how you are going to ensure all Americans have health coverage. Small biz, people, everyone will thank you! Otherwise, stop whining.
do your job fix Obamacare don't replace it make it better for all Americans not just your wealthy friends !
CBO score is out and it reinforces why AARP opposes #AHCA. 23 million more uninsured, age tax & removal of preexisting condition protection.
Solutions?
U know is this because UT lawmakers didn't expand medicade. way to spread your half truths. Stop spreading fear into America. #TELLTHETRUTH
GOP has worked hard to destroy the ACA and keep affordable healthcare out of the reach of Americans
Gave tax cuts to the rich & corporations
Go after the corrupt insurance companies. Stop accepting donations to protect them #impeachGOP
Fix ACA and stop wasting time on AHCA
Government should stay out of Healthcare insurance altogether.
Thank you. What does the CBO say the premiums will be over the next two years with your plan in Utah?
Then get this new healthcare bill passed already!!!!!!!
What's your solution? RussiaCare? #trumprussia #Russiagate
Yeah it sucks. And it's entirely due to intentional sabotage by #GOP.
What, another red state the sabotaged it. I'm starting to see the pattern
Pass the bill
GOP have done a great in the destruction of Health Care 4 all Americans! U will be known as the biggest contributor in the death of millions
It's like the insurance companies want us to go to Single Payer, and keep tightening the screws to try to make it happen.
But it's probably just about greed.
You remember greed?
That thing we all used to see as bad,
before it got elevated to some kind of virtue?
What are you doing to truly improve it instead of trashing benefits?
All due to  republicans

Own your shit
Ocare is republicans fault. I wonder if you'd be saying the same thing if it was working well 
When republicans control the house and senate and refuse to fix it and only want it to fail...ya thats on republicans
Such a great scapegoat! ACA was implemented six years before republicans got the house senate and WH and was still failing in that time!
But the millisecond repubs get complete power of the government, failures of ACA is on the republicans even though none of them voted 4 it.
When you complain about it for years and have no plan other than one that's actually worse than yeah that's on you
That makes zero sense. ACA failures has nothing to do replacement.
But republican obstruction does..
Utah residents can thank @realDonaldTrump and the @GOP for destabilizing the health care market costing them $ & their health over politics.
Amazing how much U complain, but don't do your job! Why aren't U working w/DEMS?@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @HouseGOP @washingtonpost @maddow
Repeal and Replace like President Trump promised when we ellected him.
Reason for that is the Republicans/Russian party and the games you are playing with payments #TrumpCare #GOPDontCare
Because you are making market so unstable by undermining and purposely hurting ACA to replace so rich get tax cuts!
Don't let the treasonous White House distract you from robbing the poor to give to the rich.
I don't think you know how taxes work...
Under the GOP fascists, people in 100 percent of counties will not be able to afford insurance, increases will be subject to insurers' greed
No Medicaid expansion.  Don't blam Obamacare for that
