Sen. @OrrinHatch not a fan of today's POTUS missives but ok w/ tweeting habit overall: "Every once in awhile you get a dipsy-doodle!"
This is a line from a much longer conversation in which he said in numerous ways he did not like the tweets, thought they were inappropriate
He has also urged the President to use his platform for good in an effort to accomplish the goals of the Republican agenda.
So you have sold your soul&country 4A republican agenda? You made a deal with the devil to push through an agenda as #45 destroys USA. Shame
Hatch and McConnell are just two more compelling reasons why the Senate should have a mandatory retirement age of 70.
@kaylatausche >Senator, you just don't get it. Donald Trump is sexist & Face of GOP; who is fighting an Entire Gender! Good luck with that.
Hatch is to old to be doing anything! Dear god this man needs to retire!
And yet @senorrinhatch behaved as if Obama was evil incarnate for simply being a Democrat.  How many passes will DJT get?
I thought you guys put the kibosh on hallway interviews.
My stars & little eagles! Please don't drop any more of those disgustin' dipsy-doodles! It's ever so unseemly! 
The hallway interviews that are blocked from being filmed? Is @OrrinHatch willing to go on national TV and tell @realDonaldTrump to STOP?
Well, @senorrinhatch, say it louder and with more conviction. More like Ana Navarro. 
http://snpy.tv/2s6sKKh  #TrumpTweets
Your complaint rings hollow. @SHSanders45 says you "knew what [you] were getting when [you] elected Donald Trump."
GOPers should not be shocked that Trump engages in misogyny & hate after they enabled him. http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/06/hey-gop-trumps-misogyny-and-obsession-with-revenge-are-nothing-new/ …
Wonder if, when all the corrupt & treasonous dust clears, he thinks it will be him in the Oval Office.
How will u hold him accountable?
But, he does nothing? Typical.
Weak, underwhelming, ineffective, soft response.
Is "dipsey-doodle" a misdemeanor or a felony? Yes, were well aware of your attempt to launder your leader's unhinged missives.
@kaylatausche @OrrinHatch Would like to know if Hatch will tell T to stop, grow up, and pretend to be worthy of the office.
Too little too late
Whatever not like you have power to hold trump accountable
Either you're WITH AMERICA  or WITH RUSSIA  @OrrinHatch , which one is it?
 This@OrrinHatch 
Oh, so he does have limits. Murder of poor is okay, but tasteless insults are not. Gotcha. Guess he didn't stand to gain anything this time.
When are you guys going to get some balls and impeach this guy
"a dipsy-doodle" - what is wrong with Hatch! This president's tweets today are totally unacceptable!  45 needs to be fired!
That is a cop-out. #GoKnit
Where is the video of Hatch responding? Oh yeah, no videos allowed in hallways - fascism at its best!
Save it. If this was Hillary you & your GOP gang would be impeaching her. You're too old to not have any stones #Complicit
Big deal. Orrin will continue to kiss tRump's butt.
another "deeply troubled" politician? oh n, my bad, he doesnt even go that far, just "doesnt like it"
Hatch can't even come out and agree that the tweet was inappropriate!! He is part of the problem!!
Pathetic.
But you're OK with the rest of the sociopathic act? @POTUS is a danger to the United States and needs to be impeached immediately.
@senorrinhatch should have come out on national television and should have denounced the misogyny and vileness of the comment he made.
As Americans we deserve more than this - the president doesn't seem stable to me, this is dangerous and scary.
BFD!Actions speak louder than words. What are you prepared to do? #nothing
And I whispered it in the ladie's room. Sen Hatch - speak up! Enough cowardice and kowtowing.
These GOP leaders trying to show they aren't sexist is hysterical. I would ask where you all were when we marched in Jan? I didn't see you
Did he use his stern voice and concerned expression?
He??? This mothafucka can't tweet himself???
"Dipsy Doodle" is what all the cool octogenarians call tweeting these days
@senorrinhatch this vulgar tweet is " dipsy doodle"?  Really
Senator Hatch really they call him names all day he has a right to push back all they do is lie , who side are you on ,
Then do something.  Grow a spine.
A dipsy-doodle?  Attacking a woman and her looks is a joke?  It's below the dignity of the office and is bullying and shameful.
Until you impeach you own this.
Didn't like? Oh come on @senorrinhatch How low do we have to go, someone speak up. Teach this idiot, something,  ANYTHING , about respect
Then do something about it. Y'all sitting up there making an ass of the US!!! Good God people!!!
The president does not get "dipsy doodles". But I appreciate that Hatch at least took a stand.
if he didn't like them, why won't he take action?
not saying this needs to impose on freedom of speech, but the content is completely inexcusable
Not enough @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump needs to go he is an embarrassment
Love to see someone do the things to Senator Hatch's family that's been done to Donald Trump's I would just love to see his reaction -Phony
Our kids see the cruelest bully on the playground, and wonder if they'll be President of the United States when they grow up.
America is being hurt by @realDonaldTrump You have the power to stop this destructive and childish behavior. USE IT!
Please remove this disgrace of a man from office along with his groupies (Donald Trump)
URvryWRNG.UR NToutthere daily2DefendWH&fam.kids fmPRSNL ATTKdaily98%&NTdemand Ethic, moralProfStd!URpart of problm!https://twitter.com/nolanelle/status/880513076574822401 ….
@SpeakerRyan https://twitter.com/nolanelle/status/880504857874096129 ….
BS. Grow a pair
No one gives a shit wat u like
if this is a nothing more than a "dipsy-doodle", 45 would probably have to shoot someone to get a rise out of Sen Hatch. die-hard supporter.
Thanks, Office. No TV where I work, so don't know if being reported widely. Kudos to him on this.
#fakeoutcry! We don't believe you as you're all alike!
And yet you still support him
...history will judge you harshly.
Censure @POTUS. And then take his @Twitter away.
It's time for Senator Hatch and other "leaders" to do more than "not like" obnoxious and juvenile tweets. Demand that he retract, apologize.
So, Senator. Time to urge your House colleagues to draw up the #Articles.
Is not enough
It is time to put #CountryOverParty. Call for @realDonaldTrump resignation or invoke #25thAmendment
So say it officially. Oppose openly @POTUS conduct. Only open censure of this behavior will change it.
When will Republicans realize they are making excuses for Trump daily? Sometimes several excuses in a day
@OrrinHatch He is your @GOP sitting president. Guess you'll have to live with those you bed with.
Time for the 25th Amendment, @senorrinhatch  You have the means, please find the balls, um, resolve. #25A
Hatch ain't no saint. Period.
#shame
Loud, angry chants of SHAME as Trump's motorcade arrives @ Trump Hotel for fundraiser 
Vote against BCRA & we'll let go of the dipsy doodle comment.
He is crazy, too--
No sir, was not a #dipsydoodle it was a #UnfitToServe @realDonaldTrump is vicious,  vindictive & unstable. He's unpredictable & uneducated.
It's time to stand up to this misogynistic president. Those comments are disgusting.
Yeah, well Hatch was ok w/ ALL the other stuff Trump has said way before now. Still voted for him, still going along w/ him.
And yet Senator Hatch will do nothing about it. Support impeachment.
Good, so do what's right and tell that to @realDonaldTrump directly. This is the surest way for him to see it.
you should say that you dislike them.
"Tsk-tsk" is not a "commitment to civility". You are committed or you are not. If you are committed, take action.
Yeah but you guys never DO anything about it. You knew who he was when you got behind him. You knew a 72 year old man wasn't going to change
Can you even recall what it was like to have integrity, or a moral compass?
@Potus is #UnfitToServe and so are you with statements like this. The PRESIDENT made vile misogynistic comments re: female AGAIN. Weak!
Please define #dipsydoodle (is it a pre-existing condition not covered?)
Then unfollow him on Twitter - make a statement.
Also who says dipsy-doodle?? Update your vocab it's almost like you've been in the Senate longer than some legislators have been alive
He's from Utah. That's how people talk here. 
#Leadership requires forceful voice, when POTUS behavior diminishes our democracy & people. Right now, Senator Hatch is quietly complicit.
I would like to see a stronger statement from you. Trump's tweets are dangerous on so many levels and you need to stand up against this hate
You were cool with the pussy-grabbing comment tho so idk if there's a moral high ground here
The fuck is a dipsy-doodle?
