Nice, But Julia, Time For Sleep. I'm 3 Hours behind you & Ready Myself. you have Done A Lot Of tweets. It Was A Good Week For The President
OK. Me Either. It's Been two Weeks & I Am Up At 3:30 Which is A Bit Much. Remembering & I Think You mentioned The Light Sleep.
Me Too Julia. That's Why The Early Mornings. I have Low key Fox & Friends and Almost look Forward to Twitter. Probably need A Shrink. lol
Hope That Means Sleep Time. Somehow Tomorrow I Have About 300 Geraniums & The Yellow Top Things To put In The ground. Raised In my Garage
Majority of Americans and businesses supported  Paris Agreement. There are more jobs and economic growth in clean energy.
Thank YOU
Why do you hate future generations?
You need to be better informed young lady!
Thanks for supporting tanking our economy as countries move together expanding green energy. Most Americans did NOT support leaving agrmt
#ParisClimateDeal is a bad deal. Tons of $ to maybe help environment #BadDeal #GoodTrump
I guess doing nothing is a better idea??? Has helped the environment. Lower emissions
A valid point. Not sure what to do but Paris is a bad deal. We can lower emissions without spending so much
Can you help me understand the spending to which you are referring? Clean energy jobs are growing 12 times faster 1.2 million jobs
Need more input on the bad deal I wish they would clarify
Thank you Senator Hatch, know let's make the legislation on health care and Tax revision a priority and push it thru the Houses!
Amen to that 2,500% !! No MORE LEGACIES left for ofukkup the clown boy, whiny ass gay moslem!
Thank you Senator Hatch.
Oh yes, and I'm encouraged Trump will be impeached soon.
1 was impeached 4 firing 1 of his staff members. Another was impeached 4 lying about a BJ. I'm sure colluding with the enemy is impeachable.
@senorrinhatch loves fossil fuels because he is a dinosaur, out of touch, and beholden to big energy. Ashamed to be rep'd by you.
Why do you continue to go along with the destruction of our country that #45 is doing. I'm disgusted by your views. You should be ashamed.
Senator Hatch
Progress. TY.
Still shocked that a conservative #UT would continue to vote your liberal butt in office again & again!

Um, are you trying to take credit for what President Trump did, Senator?
That's embarrassing... @senorrinhatch
Is it bad to hope an individual get asthma?
I imagine you support all his dumb ideas. You're 4th in line. All you have to hope is that Ryan gets impeached too and bam, Oval Office.
Nice statement Senator Hatch. Now time to push @POTUS 's agenda and quit screwing around in congress.

We're growing impatient with y'all.
Lacked support? So your definition of lacking support must be greater than 70% in favor. Interesting math.
Ok that's great how about health care & tax bills. Working with him on that to? Are you up for re-election ?
You are a villain
Thank you! We support our Great President @realDonaldTrump 100%! Praying for our senators to stand up and join him in his great efforts!
Thank you
@PolitiFact what is the percentage of Americans who support the #ParisAgreement ?

nobody lies so good, eloquently and effortlessly like a GOP christian...
People forgot the 100s millions BO gave to solar co that were wasted. BO didn't care if bad deal for us so long as he looked good.
retire you disastrous fossil.  Go figure out your cable remote
@CNN Which American people are you talking about?  Certainly not the majority of US citizens who want a healthy planet.  Disgraceful and sad
Hatch is an old Repugnican hack who always walks the party line, despite being detrimental to the country. He's been in the Senate too long!
Senator have you considered having a position based in logic, reason and facts?  You should try it.
Your time has come to go out to pasture
@WhiteHouse I REPEAT the ECONOMY
@WhiteHouse I dont know what you mean by HURT the economy
God bless you Sir.
Thank you Sir 
Who woke you up from your stupor? Someone must be tweeting this for you.
The GOP is all about #profitnotpeople. I look forward to your unemployment.
I am American, born and raised, I do NOT support!! Get it right!
Orrin Hatch evidently does not understand what the American people want. They want a planet on which they and their offspring can live.
When did you start hating America?
Really, hope you don't have Grandchildren who will want to Breathe in the future! YOU must be voted out!
"Plus Exxon paid me over $700,000 to support Trump in this debacle! I can buy a new golden coffin to sleep in at night!"
#utah #utpol
Exactly!
Retire already. YOU are the unnecessary burden.
You are SO wrong. And @GOP Stonewalling is what has cost this nation.
Are there ANY RATIONAL Conservatives WITH GUTS left in the @GOP? YOU are letting Bannon MANIPULATE Trump into TOTALLY DESTROYING the US
Your hatred of @POTUS44 will always obscure your ability to see the ignorance of the WH.
Correct. Now when is Congress going to do their job? Repeal ACA/de-regulate. No govt in HC! Get tax reform done. Pass POTUS agenda!!
Donald Trump is a denier of science, a hater of democracy, a Puppet of Putin and a lover of dictators. What does that make his followers?

#ParisAccord BS
Libs is this Global Warming? 
A 'Mini Ice Age' Is Coming in The Next 15 Years http://www.sciencealert.com/a-mini-ice-age-is-coming-in-the-next-15-years#.WTFfY7YXGQ4.twitter … via @ScienceAlert
Lacked support of the American people???? Might want to come out of that hole you are living in.
Sad
Any comment on your presidency that reportedly began 5/9? #LouiseMensch
You are supporting our withdrawal as a world leader. We are now a backwards country thanks to you. Shame on the GOP.
Well maybe now you and the other #NeverTrump's will stop your  and get his/OUR Agenda moving!

@Varneyco @VP @KellyannePolls @SenateGOP
Another Republican getting rich on the backs of the elderly and disadvantaged.  No ethics in the party any longer. Murderer.
Fascists
Ha! The support of the American people has never erupted so loudly and clearly in concert with 200 other nations. You've missed the boat.
Are we more concerned about our health or revenue? Without our health, we can be nothing. The health of a society is the indicator of ^ GDP
Tell Mr Hatch, he's an idiot if he believes that pulling out of the Paris Agreement is a good thing. Is he smoking some Maui wowie?
Good to leave accord (or renegotiate). China builds new Global Carbon Footprint 'Belt&Road'; "While US loses a few mining jobs" - H Clinton
Hatch you're way to old to actually understand. I hate that u are my #Utah #representatives
You may want to consider not being a complete ass since you are likely our next president.  Distance from Trump now will serve you well.
In the long run, this will be disastrous for our economy. Do your research and think about our long term future, not the next decade
You, sir are very wrong!
we expect nothing less from the @gop still attempting to pull us back to 1950, hows that coal mining doing? don't embarrass urself for DT
Stupidity. Pure stupidity. No longer leaders in free world.

I look forward to you being voted out of office.
You are old and should retire....
#WeThePeople will not forget. #Vote2020 Retirement is near!
I hope you know that your career isn't gonna last much longer
#onthewrongsideofhistoryandscience #notmysenator
Please close the hatch thank u
Another ignorant person heard from
Insanity
The GOP &45 are vindictive asses! U undo anything and everything good that Obama has done for America and the world no matter who it hurts
Thank you Senator!
You need to retire
#CallHimHome #TermLimits #HyperPartisanHack
Grumpy grandpa thinks climate change is a hoax. In my day Winters were cold and Summers were hot and that's how we liked 'em. #getoffmylawn
SUPPORT TRUMP
Good answer, Hatch!
You are wrong senator
Yay!  Senator Hatch!
Stand by our president!
YAAHHH!!!!  
You are wrong. The American people supported the #ParisAccord
We have a sacred responsibility/stewardship to care for the earth. We should have stayed at the table to negotiate. Retire you old fool.
Now keep on supporting him please. Party step up and make your voice be heard because the President is trying to do good for USA!
YOU LOOSE
Party over country (or planet) is the best was to show patriotism. Right?!
Do you guys just hate it because a black man got us into it. There is no real reason to leave other than to kill the planet.
To my knowledge you're the only person in Congress it seems to understand what the hell happened God love you Mr. Hatch
We don't need to pay dead beats to tell us how to keep our  house clean we know how and can do it
Yeah. That's why Hatch's state of Utah has some of the dirtiest air in the country.
#termLimits4Congress
Thank you Sen Hatch for supporting @POTUS in withdrawing from Paris Accord! This agreement hurt the American worker & taxpayer! Protect US!!
From Ooga w/ Love, dingledong! 
you will be out next election. You will be withdrawn from your office.
MORE LIES, the majority of Americans SUPPORT the Paris Accords. So that's your first lie! WHY ARE YOU ALWAYS LYING?????
Democrats are the Fire Hydrant, Trumps is pissing on it Everyday, lick His Balls Liberals, WorldWide !
Ignorant and irresponsible

Stop playing the political card!! Think as an American, a member of the planet earth.
Retire. You've lost your integrity. I used to think you were an intelligent man, but you showed us what you really are, you lemming.
SIR, HOW DOES A PRESIDENT GET TO GIVE A BILLION DOLLARS TO ANOTHER COUNTRY? DOESNT CONGRESS HAVE A SAY? THANK YOU
How did Obama give billions to Iran? He just did it!
Profits before planets I mean right? 
Me too.  Isn't climate change the reason for ISIS??  Per the last administration.
190+ countries made a deal which we signed. Breaking our promises and walking away is not good for business or relationships
We broke our promise when we stepped out of the agreement.
Have you read it?  What EXACTLY is the language you object to?
Party before country, lack of research, inability to think for yourself...pathetic!
Are you high?! It certainly did have the support of the American people!  Time for you to retire! You are as our of touch as Trump!
America moves backwards and into isolation.
America already leads the world in clean energy pulling out of this stupid deal did nothing to change that. High cost no results.
Thank you Senator!
Are you insane?
Can we get our money back? Not one snowflake was frozen by lining European pockets. #Bringourbillionshome
Last i checked the american people supported the #parisclimateagreement
And I thought the country would be better off with you after @realDonaldTrump realdlands in prison. Apparently not.
Uh huh. That's why Trump inherited a growing economy and surging stock market after recovering from Bush's disastrous administration. 
BS
All idiot republicans in the pockets of the Koch Bros, oil and gas  corps. #Trump as abrogated US leadership. #corruption #GOP #GangofPutin
WHITE SUPREMACIST MOFO.
Thanks Cuck for your courage on climate. How about some real support for your Pres on Russia nonsense, healthcare, taxes. @Cernovich
Lock him up
Thank you sir!!!
I always thought you were stupid - this just makes it 100% certain.
The whole world is watching you - and you failed to stand up.
Says Cancer, COPD, Asthma, et al: Thank you, Mr. President and your ilk.
#turn2018blue
Then get off your ass and do something to help him.
@WhiteHouse You are spot-on Senator.
You're out of touch.
Yes now get healthcare and tax reform done pronto. We have waited for 6 years on this.
Notice there all old fucks against it
