Watch your staff and their civility on your behalf.
What about this?  Are you going to address this? What about you @GOP?
Rose Tyler get real. Decent protester have to fear nothing only those who attack break windows . They should go all to jail
Bot.
bot your self by the way I am a Trumpster and you would like to block me like you said
Very funny showing a picture of Ed  Kennedy . He never  was responsible for his action. So much mud on Kennedy. Very sad Mr. Hatch
Staffers please tell Hatch that he is being held accountable for his actions. Such as his healthcare vote, bears ears, privacy act,.
I often disagree with you, but you echo my sentiments here. Be brave now & act. You and other senators have influence.
How will you hold the President accountable, specifically with what concequences?
Not when dealing with #LowIQDonald
I applaud this. Would also like u to commit to a break from accepting "donations" from health insurance industry. Put regular Americans 1st.
Media will not let the weak politicians compromise and discuss!! Too many politicians both sides cowards afraid of media Good Luck
What do you think of the violent video tweeted on @realDonaldTrump this Sabbath morning so close to July 4th? I'm a Utahan. I'm begging u
Please direct your thoughts 2 the pres rather than speaking in generalities. He knows his fans will take his tweet as incitement to violence
#Civility is "victory of liberal democracy over other forms of government." Here's how to restore civility in DC:
His #7 book Rediscovering #Civility.Without #God dont have ability.Established non-profit 4 #community encouragement
Since Ed Kennedy overran US with tens of millions of non-white Third World Socialist peasants & Muslims, you shouldn't post his picture!
From down here and up to Orrin Hatch, what's important is acting and behaving constructively. Not like Congressional Republicans.
And the media who arguably have more of a voice and an obligation too to protect freedom of the press
Senator, you are the only one who can do something about this. Please preserve our Union.
No. Not til the media is. We all learned in school - civility doesn't stop bullies. You have to fight back and fight better.
Your votes matter as well as your words. If you support #Trumpcare you'll kill millions, and your words won't matter.
Yes. Thank you.

How's your conscious Mr Hatch --after that hell-care proposal?


Keep watching cnn
You should be re-committing on GOP campaign promises or resign so someone else can lead.
It's long past time for you and your party to stop with the phony twitter denouncements and do something about it. Your words are cheap
Then perhaps your staff should allow your constituents to speak via the public forum that is your "official" Facebook page. #1stAmendment
More like you mainly....you do-nothing-Congressman!  What have you accomplish; nothing to my knowledge?
I think you need to speak to your Lil guy in the WH. The violent video warrants your attention. Winning?
Enough is enough ... he's destroying the country....if you care, that is.
You are a great man Senator!  An honor to know you!
We need a calendar to mark off days until his reign is over
Agree! @senorrinhatch
And this
And this
Start with the head baby. He's not worthy of that seat and never was. An embarrassment to America.
As a rep i will vote for anyone but Hatch
Thank you Senator.  I appreciate the much needed call for personal accountability.
So just more talk and no action.

You're an enabler.

You're complicit until you do something.
This is a dangerous man that is opening Pandora' s box in this country. We look to leadership to right this boat.
Then act to get this delusional orange man-baby removed from office.
By doing nothing....
How far does he have to go before someone set some limits and  he finds outthere are consequences to his actions?
May I point out that Constitution provides mechanism for enforcing against these kinds of democracy-undermining breaches of responsibility.
How can you say this and then defend bully DJT tweets as a "dipsy doodle".  You need to maintain your dignity.
this from you? unreal
Thank you for this tweet - you did not degrade Pres Trump for inappropriate comment. Rest of GOP did - DEMs don't
Grow up!
A Democrat thanks you for your reason and effort to stop this madness.
We'll just see how long your effort to conduct yourself in a civil manner toward the citizens you serve with senator hatch!
Thank you I'm with you, I'm with you
Another one that needs to retire.
Hold our leaders responsible for their speech? Great! Stop the confirmations of Bush and Schiff to the federal bench http://bit.ly/2spfHHY 
we have a lunatic for a president and you subtweet him, fantastic.
so great that you people can't see @POTUS is intentionally killing the GOP. He's a con man and has you by the... HAHAHA!
Your picture is with the great Ted Kennedy.  tRump will never be great, he will never change.  Mike Pence = healing.  #46
#TrumpIsAPig
Then you MUST commit to removing this fool from the office of the president post-haste!
You were never "civil" you have always been passive aggressive, you talk softly but insult with every pronouncement.
FFS. All you have are hollow words. Hold. Him. Responsible. #Fail
So in this case, what actual "action" will you take to confront Trump on his comments, or are you being a passive observer?
Really, it's only @POTUS grabbing pussies and #bullying in government leadership...  we COULD also work on poorly behaved middle schoolers!
R you committed 2 treating women better yourself? Did you object 2 the all male healthcare committee?What real consequence will U hold T to?
Please remove him from office.
You running late on this
Then why not take a direct stand instead of mumble-speak with careful insinuations? You either agree or refute @POTUS.
Interesting since you're collecting almost half a million from Trumpcare that you're trying to pass
You sir are a coward! Not one ounce of courage.
Then DO something beside toe party line and carry water for your deep pocket donors! For the love of country! My God, what will it take!?!
seemed to be from a new GOP script today.  did you all get the memo?
Ohhhhh now you speak up. We are stuck with President manchild because you wanted to ram through bad bills for ur party. No respect 4 you
You should talk to #45 on that subject
Give it a rest. The outsold out your soul and your country for pig in the White House. Congratulations for weakening your county.
You let him run. GOP jokes that Russia divided Ukraine. These are empty words with a money launderer in the Oval. GET HIM OUT
then invoke the 25th amendment. This guy is unfit and creating division and anger. This country is returning to the (1/2)
1950's mentality hatred. (2/2)
If this is true then impose consequences on that embarrassment of a .@POTUS or these are empty, useless words!
Maybe not for reasons you think. Your constituency tries to make a living, care for their families...etc. So please explain GOP  of Koch
You need to look at why folks in this country are so angry & not just at the expletives being used. Have no doubt, Senator People are angry
How about booting him out...how much more does he have to embarrass us, you & himself before the rest of you in Washington put a stop to him
Orrin: go sit on an egg. Hatch it. You've been an incumbent for far too long.
Not saying the way folks "dialogue" today isn't an issue but why can't you also look at its underpinnings, why is it coarsening, Senator?
while becoming colluded in war crimes
Then do your damned jobs and start controlling this idiotic sociopath before he takes us all down! THIS IS ON YOU Senator!
You said Trump's appointments - Carson, DeVos, Perry, Tillerson, etc. were fine. You said kicking 25 million people off healthcare is fine.
You said more kids dying from cancer so rich people can get a tax break is your goal. You said Jared, Ivanka, and Bannon in the WH is fine.
He has lost it, Sen Hatch. You know it, Pence knows it, most of America, the world...

It is time for you to enact 25th Amendment.
Pffff wow your courage is so underwhelming
President is irresponsible & his WH is inept/incompetent. Congress now appears to have similar characteristics w/ their refusal to stop him.
and for your callous acts of legislation. Action follows thought.
All Talk NO Action  ..  #EnoughIsEnough
How do you feel about this "political" speech? Is it, as @SHSanders45 says, just fighting "fire with fire"? Will you call this normal?
Do something then!
Move to impeach this national embarrassment. He's a disgrace to everything this Republic holds dear.
25th amendment
.@senorrinhatch I agree, and it is incumbent on the #Congress to hold our President responsible for his public speech and personal attacks.
this is too funny I have 12 pages of lies told by 45  and responsibility for his own words are not mentioned in any of them
Thank you for saying this. Now please do something about the dangerous man in office, before it's too late.
Please tell me how to plan to hold the president accountable for his speech. You must act or you must fully embrace your lack of influence.
Sen.Hatch, Trump's remarks go beyond responsible speech. He was vicious in his attack.
Feel like that cat is already out of the bag there Orrin.  Maybe you should retire because you aren't tracking very well.
SHOW US and STOP standing by this lunatic!!  Our hands are tied.  YOU and the rest of the GOP need to FIX THIS!  ACT!!   IMPEACH!
#25thAmendment #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpRussia #Resist
Oh, please!  U R complicit! The new normal for this country - boorish, rude, crude . . . Americans!  Shame! Shame!
Teddy wouldn't recognize the man you are today.  He'd be as disgusted as the country by your immoral HC bill. #KillTheBill
Embarrassing
PLEASE PLEASE IMPEACH him. Bipartisan health care can still happen. Trump will take you all down with him. Just like America.
But won't criticize our current president who is the least civil president in modern history? Ha!
Would you and other republicans even know what civility is anymore?
You have a great opportunity to take advantage of working with your bipartisan colleagues on this heath care plan. Please be a leader. 
you're a lying hypocrite get him out of the WH
Perhaps you can explain that to all Republican politicians who are now being quoted across the country with their racist and inhumane words
Well done sir.  Kudos for making the effort to restore common dignity to American exchanges.
He's a Republican ...
You are responsible to the American public and it is high time you do your job.  The @GOP Senate is pathetic.  Focus on work.
Talk is cheap, what are you going to do about it? Nothing. Just go back to screwing working poor on health care to fund tax cuts. #DeathCare
fell short of outright condemnation,,,is that how leashed you are to the party of trump ?
This is nothing other than a political win for @realDonaldTrump and harms many people. You have been on the dole too long.
You do not serve at pleasure of @POTUS you represent your constituents.
Senator Hatch. One of THE most corrupt politicians in service to our country has forgotten who he works for.
Please talk to prez*, Donnie you're outta your league. @realDonaldTrump
May we have health care, please?
Good job mr president. Should have it long ago
Finally sooner speaking out. Why not sooner when he demonized other women, press, immigrants, blacks. Trump is not going to change.
You're a US Senator. DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!
From Trump on UP, you mean. #RESISTANCE
You know damn well Trump will never hold himself accountable, or responsible for his actions.  Enjoy your party leader.
Go talk to your president and your beloved Fox News. Stop lecturing the rest of us your craven hack.
It is about time to realize there's a moron sitting in the Oval Office. Pathetic.
Could you please get to work on POTUS agenda.
It's incumbent on you to put the blame where it belongs instead of wishy-washy BS sidesteps. Blame the one who said it, the President.
How is this oblique comment not being a passive observer? Your colleagues have called him out, you should as well!
Actually, it's MORE incumbent upon YOU not to have elected such a petty misogynistic churlish bully in the 1st place. #resist #DonTheCon
It's not just about speech, but the laws you pass. Immoral & cruel bills like the #healthcarebill are uncivil. Do better in a bipartisan way
WEAK.
You act like this is some kind of shocking action for Twitler.  Quit clutching your pearls and DO SOMETHING ABOUT HIM!!
This namby-pamby let's-watch-our-language" is BS.  As a member of Congress, It is incumbent upon YOU to deal with this jackoff you elected.
That's it? "Responsible?" Or what? This is nothing new. Will not change @realDonaldTrump's adolescent behavior #25thAmendment
Civility. Pass it on.
I am re-committing to civility...
now that a republican is in the White House.

No props for that, Orrin.
TOO DAMN LATE  GTH.  THIS is what you "PPL " have laughed at and ignored to get what you have now.  REAP U Bastards.
Time for this Social Media led doctrine of an amateur Demagogue to do the responsible thing and StepDown from This mockery of POTUS...!
You have the power to do something about it; do it!
Really appreciate this. I've often thought of You and Sen. Kennedy's efforts and friendship. Thank you, sir.
Stop being stuffy and get a sense of humor.
This was an excellent read!  I appreciate the thoughtful message and I hope we can see civility return to govt. and society.
This is do nothing talk. Work for impeachment or removal under Article 25.
Civility? I still remember the nastiness you showed to Anita Hill way back when. I guess we have different refs of "civility"
Can you use crayons & explain this to Cheeto Jesus?
Thanks Senator, for this disastrously weak, I'm a toady and I don't care, statement. Utah deserves better. If U can't grow a spine, resign.
Well said, Senator. I'll believe it when you actually do more to @realDonaldTrump than just slap his wrist.
Do you think it's appropriate for @potus to make those comments?
These are just words, meaningless words that are separated by infinite distances from any real action. You own those tweets too, Senator.
HE IS  ur president. FIX IT
You Sir are the Senior member of the Senate. PLEASE address this mornings tweets. DJT is unfit, unqualified to be POTUS. It's evident to ALL
Attack on "our own" for him to open his eyes. Is the rest of America chopped liver? Wake up before 45 kills us all.
This is who Trump is and always has been. He's not going to ever be civil. He's here to stir up strife. It weakens USA.  Act.
You are #Complicit
Trump is incapable of controlling himself.  America deserves better.  He must be removed from office.
You sit straddling your hands as @POTUS destroys the sanctity of our institutions and America's reputation as a leader of nations. #SHAME
Thank you.  So good to hear republican leadership attempt to unify our country.  Craving bipartisan leadership out of this abyss.
Please do not support the senate health care bill.  Please work towards a bill that has bipartisan support.
So you're going to do something about the mentally ill toddler in the oval office then, Right? #25a
And YOUR responsibility is what? Why do you enable this second-place finishing traitor?
The NRA is calling for murdering Democrats.  Trump is attacking a woman, AGAIN.  Hypocrite.
I always ask my clients facing criminal sentencing what they think "take responsibility" for their crime means.

What does Sen Hatch mean?
why say anything if you don't plan on taking action?
Kick @realDonaldTrump out and lets reset.
FACE IT! Donald Trump is psychologically and intellectually unfit to be president of the United States. STOP MAKING EXCUSES.
