Only because you've sabotaged the ACA for the last 7 years. However the ACA is more popular than you are and actually works for ppl unlike u
Yes having healthcare and a job really sucked under President Obama. We will rectify that as soon as we can.
RUSSIAN INVESTIGATION  COMEY  VENDETTA & HOAX MUST STOP
WE VOTED ACROSS THE BALLOT GOP 4 TRUMP 2 KEEP PROMISES
JOBS
AHC
0 ACTION 0 VOTE 2018
Your fault Hatch and that of the GOP and potus poor leadership.  Has zero to so with ACA amd u know it

A glimpse into our world. Pls Retweet & help us fight against #AHCA 
My tweets being blocked while vile ones published!
Whenever I hear anyone arguing for Slavery-viz.DEMS Obamacare/Universal Healthcare-CA?-I want to see it tried on them!" Abe Lincoln 1864
Works well in Massachusetts
You blame a dam's collapse on the architect instead of the contractors who didn't use enough cement & disregarded the blueprint. GOP=Death
There are shortcomings because the GOP obstructed single payer, so don't talk like the Dems caused this because you, the GOP, caused it.
Everyday, countless, hard-working Americans are getting pummeled by
COMEY & DEMS VINDICTIVE VENDETTA RUSSIA HOAX

How long before you impeach the lying liar? If you dont impeach him then you're complicit and condone his actions.  2018 is getting closer.
American Voters: Make sure to vote these men OUT OF OFFICE if they repeal ACA and try to replace it with garbage known as TrumpCare #AHCA
Mueller must recuse himself tonight. Or, be #Fired! The moment #Comey confessed to leaking in order to get a special counsel, Mueller..."
@GOP fix hlthcre #repealdontreplace open free market
I'd rather be pummeled by shortcomings than murdered by no insurance at all.
Vote No on Trump care. Be an American that cares Senator Hatch.
Yah in states that are Republican anyway. Seems like it's a Republican problem.
People want to review the draft healthcare law. No passing laws without due process. Keep government representative.#Trumpcare
This is NOT OK. Medical Care is not a partisan issue, it is a #HumanRights issue. @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr #wethepeople #createdequal
And in the near future, we look forward to you killing off 24 million of us with you Deathcare bill. Shame on you.
ACA Status quo is abominable. So get off your duffs and REPEAL all of it.
Thanks, Obama. For tackling an issue the GOP only gave lip svc to b/c they never gave an F. And for basing it on a Repub governor's plan.
Why don't you just get out of the insurance business altogether
Why do you hate the sick and poor?
Then shut up for once and do something. Have the Balls to lead like Harry Reid!
And Rep withholding subsidies so carriers pull out. ??
Senate needs to get healthcare done. We The People know you are dragging your feet.
It's hysterical how you keep saying it to make it true, while simultaneously deliberately screwing your constituents out of health care.
I am hard pressed to understand this Rep blame game begun the day the ACA became law. They had refused to work with Dems from day one.
Hard to believe after #Republicans have been eroding the #ACA for years.
#Healthcare self-fulfilling prophecy
They are getting pummeled by your failed Trump Care because you won't go single payer!  It's your failure!
Every day, every middle class and lower class American is getting pummeled by the GOP riding out Paul Ryan's vendetta against us.
Then repeal and replace now! @NRSC
Sir majority of Americans don't want you to fix the Dems OCare or create any program like it to replace it. You can't win either way.
Why is it that liberals cling to Obamacare when it seems obvious that single payer (light) does not work in a free enterprise society?
Every day, countless, hard-working Americans are getting pummeled by the Republican party's ignorance and greed! Shame!
You mean Obamacare is suffering under your traitorous GOP sabotage. Every one of you is a traitor.
GOP the worst. Do something! You had 6 years to improve it. Sat on your thumbs & blamed Obama.  People be damned is your MO.
Be specific.What exactly is pummeling? Starting over is not a fix. Repeal is not a fix.
DO YOUR JOB!
We the People Nov 8 2016 gave you POTUS
DONALD J. TRUMP
AND SENATE MAJORITY
AND CONGRESS MAJORITY
DO YOUR JOBS
2018 IS 6 MONTHS AWAY.
@senorrinhatch Always thought you were better than this. i was wrong.
And you don't have an original thought to make their situation better, only worse. And you know it.
CBO score is out and it reinforces why AARP opposes #AHCA. 23 million more uninsured, age tax & removal of preexisting condition protection.
No everyday hardworking Americans are tired of GOP destroying democracy for your own personal gains.
They're getting pummeled by your gutting of it.
GOP plan is definition of evil greed and is inhumane. How can any God fearing human support this evil party?
No, they're getting pummeled by corrupt GOP policies!
The evil GOP action would result in loss of healthcare, death and bankruptcy to millions of American Citizens.
FIX IT!! Over 20 Million Americans R Affected by Your Incompetence By Your Lack of Compassion towards us #FeeltheHoodwink #DotheRightThing
Substitute Republicans for Obamacare and you have an accurate statement
Soon even more Americans could be pummelled by your immoral plan. How again is your plan better for non-millionaires?
no problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it.
READ TRUTH ABOUT OBAMACARE:
And they have YOU & GOP colleagues to thank! READ THE TRUTH:
Put restrictions on the insurance companies that they must provide coverage or risk losing  it
Career suicide.  And all the generations will watch in horror, their distant relatives destroyed the 'Once, "Greatest nation in the world"'
Only because the legislation u passed to destroy it with the insurers.  We know. We will be coming after u, then we will take ur puppet out
And what have you done about it?  Retire already!
But they're really screwed if the fascist GOP plan sells their lives to big insurance.
And your lack of a plan!  And your refusal to let anyone participate!  And your lack of women on the committee!  Sad!
So fix it.
Maybe you could talk with Gov. Brown who is doing really good things for his constituents 
& state! Much better than Utah. Ask him for ideas
Start working on a single payer system, and benchmark with other countries that have successful healthcare for their citizens. Look to Calif
You and the GOP could have worked with dems to fix it, but you refused. Now you appear to be doing everything possible to make if fail.
You undermine the poor and sick by not funding  ACA and then you whine. Indecent.
Sorry u feel that way. I think the very best of you as a person & a fine practitioner of your art. Let's disagree w/o name calling, ok?
what disgraceful hypocrites & bottom feeders you are. Have you no courage or honesty left? What happened to you?
We are getting shafted by your refusal to improve rather than repeal. You just want to win. You're putting party over country. #LetUsSeeIt
Or white nationalists. You pick.
No. By your unwillingness to address problems caused by greedy ins cos.
because of gop
The Republican “health care” bill is a disaster. It has nothing to do with health care and everything to do with tax breaks for the wealthy.
At least we have health coverage.
And the GOP is going to take care of us right?!  #ImpeachmentGettingCloser
And everyday I thank God for the essential benefits and protection for pre-existing conditions of the ACA.  Fix it.
Yet nothing gets done !
Maybe you should have let the Dems fix them, instead of just stonewalling everything.
Lies if you want you could fix the problem but the GOP just keeps lying
Work with Democrats to fix. Show hope for bipartisan work. Otherwise broken gov.
Senate should be very mad that Coats and Rogers didn't answer Senate questions. No accountability!
Gaslighting alert 
Your comment makes no sense. How old are you?
This from a senile old fart who blocked every Obama initiative and not even a hearing for Supreme Court nominee. #lieanddeny
Republican thinks it's Ok for Americans to lose healthcare and pay higher taxes. They created their own problems. Fix Obamacare
Except Congress #SinglePayer #SinglePayer #SinglePayer #SinglePayer #SinglePayer #singlBut you will never have political will to pass #Ass
 F
     U
         C
             K
  )))))))))))))) YOU (((((((((((((((
                        &
Yes that does feel good to say 
You guys stopped funding it. #WeThePeople are not stupid.
Don't understand. Medicare and employer insured aren't. 22 mil of previously uninsured now have insurance. R's trying hard to destroy ACA.
"Hard-working Americans" get pummeled every day by "economic terrorists" ins cos, & banks; benefactors of GOP
Thanks for making it worse jerks.
You offer nothing - you are only putting your head in the sand while you take insurance away from millions.
They wouldn't be if you didn't sabotage it
That would be CORPORATE GREED BY YOUR BENEFACTORS.
Then do it and stop posturing. Senate Republicans are worthless unless they start acting and passing Trump's agenda. We elected you to act!
STOP LYING!  Do you not have a conscience?
We all agree many people can't afford it. So it needs more money, which means taxing rich people. Instead you give them a massive tax break!
So do something about it.
So fix it!
Sure. Sounds about right. 
Our family is. When will you end this nonsense of mandatory healthcare you probably will not be able to buy if you could afford.Simply a tax
Yeah, and the GOP plan is even worse.  Check out our neighbors to the north.  Canadians have better health care than we do.  Get a clue
AND the senates do nothing about anything! Well except trying to bring President Trump down. @seanhannity
Not to mention the do nothing Senators that the only concern they have is their reelection. Get smart or get out.
Why do you insist on telling everyone what we all know? Pathetic. JUST GET IT DONE. Keep your promises. Enough recesses until work is DONE.
Hey Orrin...Countless? You have no numbers? Instead tell us how much insurers are paying you to squash the ACA. You have that number?
Your sabotage of ACA accelerated problems. Medicare for all better, cheaper and covers all. No more uninsured care that raises costs for all

Whenever I hear anyone arguing for Slavery-e.g. DEMS Obamacare/Universal Healthcare-CA?-I want to see it tried on them." Abe Lincoln 1864
When the health care was being developed, you should have helpful instead of being an obstructionist!
"If U once forfeit the confidence of Ur fellow citizens-Ull never regain their respect:U CAN't FOOL ALL PEOPLE ALL THE TIME!" Lincoln 1860
Orrin shame on you, sad
#propaganda
Fix kinks in ACA, full repeal without replacement that does not do as Pres promised (lower premiums) is just a tax cut for the rich.
I'm mostly feeling battered by the @GOP these days, guys.
It's you.
Your lies, your toadying to the rich & corps.
Your ignoring POTUS probs.
"Whenever I hear anyone arguing for Slavery(i.e.,DEMS Obamacare/Universal healthcare-CA?) I want to see it tried on them." Lincoln:July 1864
And when the evil Republicans are done, we can lose what little we got with ObamaCare. Time for Universal Healthcare. @SenateDems @cbs @nbc
You know the old saying, keep repeating a lie enough times and people will believe it. @SenateGOP  are doing just that.
But it's so much better to be pummeled than just left to die. Perhaps we might fix the working system & get on with things.
& whatever you do, don't mention the Russians.
They're getting pummeled by your unAmerican acts against our country and the People.
We do not believe a word out of your mouths. Your are exploding Obamacare intentionally. Your careers over & end historically as criminals.
#yourstory
#fakenews
Says who...You? We know u won't lie to us
.@SenateMajLdr @senategop .senorrinhatch all liars.
Which, by the way, is the result of GOP sabptage. Shame on you.
Won't it great if the AHCA passes and they lose all care or get priced out. CBO score- 23 million fewer insured.
No GOP is stealing healthcare money for tax cuts for rich. Stop lying to Americans. Sad! #impeachGOP
You mean pummeled by the Greed Over People!!
Your selfish sabotage of healthcare for political gain is backfiring. History will not treat GOP well for many hard hearted decisions.
#FullRepeal
Actually, they are getting pummeled by you and other Republican's lack of balls to stand up against the #POTUS and his disastrous policies.
And yet you knuckleheads are going to blow our only shot at repeal. Thanks for nothing, which is my level of donations until it's done.
remind me again why Americans should trust GOP party that protects a president whose campaign colluded with ?
The boy who cries wolf. If it's broken roll up your sleeves and fix it. Complaining about does not make it better.
If Orrin Hatch drowns himself in a bathtub full of vomit, I will send a case of beer to anyone who asks.
"... and now I will take a nap,"
And all you do is point fingers and lay blame. You have been hired to do the work for the people. Do your job.
Tired of the Grand OLD Party BS. Fix the ACA shortcomings. And let's move on. What the GOP house proposed is just unacceptable
You had the last 8 years to fix it
Every day Obamacare is getting pummeled by wealthy Republican politicians.
Let's be really clear about this - the @gop would rather kill millions by taking away their health care. How does that help the US?
I cant wait till the midterms. i hope all you GOPers have your private sector resumes ready!
Stop supporting Trump & get all the Truth out of him. Your job is to uphold the constitution even if it affects ur agenda. Ppl need truth.
Republicans own Healthcare and the National Debt. Fix ACA and then raise taxes to pay for the function of government DO YOUR JOBS!
Like my Mom, Dad & grandparents use to say, stop whining and do something about it!!!!
Yes they are and have been for the past 7 years. What are you doing about it?
every say you (GOP) say the same thing yet you have not come up with a better plan nor a plan at all to guarantee all Americans healthcare
And will continue to get pummeled under AHCA.
And everyday Orrin Hatch's staff continues to pummel my first amendment rights by blocking me from his official Facebook page.
GOP-controlled congress had 7 yrs to improve ACA upon discovering deficiency but did nothing intentionally...Why was the law not fixed ???
So, McConnell's trying to fast track it without a review or CBO score. Voters will remember this at election time.
Repeal the whole thing now, then debate and pass laws to fix the problems later.
I'm one of those seniors who is disgusted with your plans to leave me without being able to afford health care. Stop sabotaging the ACA.
...thanks to the GOP.
