Take a look at Judge Gorsuch's resume from 2004. Despite what he has said, he hasn't really stayed out of politics after all: 
You are ridiculous. Losing more credibility every day!
I was defending Gorsuch from a misleading charge from Democrats
Paging thru your feed & don't see u 1 time "defending" #Democrats from daily lies of @GOP. + that's not your job!
One of the best things about judge Gorsuch is that he is not Merrick Garland. BTW Jake - he wasn't a Judge in 2004
he understands that,  he is calling out the Democrats that said that
I don't think so
dems accused him of lying, jake pointed out he's not. What don't you get?
So, 13 years ago...   good-grief Charlie Brown!
Why does anyone think Gorsuch is anything less than a carbon copy of Scalia? He will side with conservative ideology 99/100 times.
no judge has ever made it to the Supreme Court without being political in some form.
Ooooo you got 'im now!!!
don't be afraid to call a lie a lie bc it comes from a democrat.
@GlennKesslerWP I think the key point here is why are we even fielding this guy when it should be Merrick Garland
Please show us where a timeline is stated in any law regarding SC appointees being considered.
You libs are such hypocrites. Our last VP stated that no appointees should be considered in POTUS last yr
how long til every last moronic conservative realizes they voted for an idiot whose policies will destroy us
wasn't that the intention? @GOP is LOVING this - @cdelbrocco @JGranowski @GlennKesslerWP
Precisely. GOP intention is to destroy us. Re-make us a theocratic kleptocracy.
LOL. Coming from a supporter of a Marxist who lost every case in court after his illegal executive orders were challenged. You caused Trump
it seems you,Jake Tapper, are the one who is misleading. Politics 2004. Became judge 2006. So, he has stayed out as judge.
My golly  gosh. You mean a trump appointee who told a big fat lie!?!? How odd?
You might want to read more carefully.  Jake's calling out the Democrats not Gorsuch.  Reading it is fundamental.
I'm struck by how self-constructed is Gorsuch. One has to look around the edges, e.g. use of the words "administrative state."
In many outward ways, Gorsuch is the opposite of Trump. But in important ways, he's Bannon's perfect Trojan Horse.
Garland being refused a hearing was clearly unconstitutional, Gorsuch refused to say that
****See The Biden Rule or The Schumer Rule
you didn't listen- you only heard
.@jaketapper "misleading" you say in this instance, yet it's "lies" when talking about Trump/Republicans

#welldone
I believe he (or someone on his behalf) excused him from answering a question due to his political naïveté. THAT was misleading
it's incredibly frustrating to watch him NOT answer questions. Same answer every time.
@CloudContact @SenateDems Filibuster! Delay! Trump cannot appoint anyone while under suspicion of treason!
Tapper r you unbiased rep of news? Do u have your personal politics affect ur work? Or are you a hypocritical hack?
oH!  and you've stayed out of politics in YOUR life Jake?? you're supposed to be an impartial observer.
So now, as a lawyer, which he was in 2004, cannot get involved in politics? Ludicrous.
Be fair now...Gorsuch was not a judge in 2004!  He could have participated in politics with no problem.
no it's not
@whpresscorps Oh Jake TY 4 bringing such a horrible thing about Gorsuch to our attn.! So horrendous I just can't handle it! NOT
your entire network is misleading 
Once in a lifetime I agree with Jake Tapper
What is misleading, is you pretending to be neutral as a "news" anchor. Entertainment t.v.
is that all you have Jake? Not much is it.
no more misleading than the Fake News. All left wing SCOTUS are political activist. Need balance on the Court.
@senorrinhatch I am extremely impressed by Gorsuch's answers and how he presents himself.
@senorrinhatch there is a difference between playing politics as a judge and personally supporting political points #4Gorsuch
@doubledown32
2004 is the most recent involvement. Good job Jake you got him.
This the best u got on him ?? If so then he is more than ready for the job...
any comment on your "live" interview with Ben Sasse while he was ?'ing Gorsuch yesterday? POTUS is right, CNN = #FakeNews
He clearly stated that since becoming a Judge, he has stayed out of politics. Not misleading, but you certainly are trying.
@LawrenceBJones3 Right. The Dems LOOK for political judges when they get THEIR chances to appoint. Gorsuch is honorable.
come on now, all nominees have lied to congress, it's the new norm
When you got a POTUS That Lies with every 2nd word, then we all think? If he can do it & get away with it.Why can't We?
@SenateDems Now do Sotomayor.
After he is confirned next week. Im sure your little puppet show will be amusing to look back on Puppet.
and Franken couldn't understand the diff. He's funnier as a senator than he was as a comedienne.
@senorrinhatch @LindseyGrahamSC @SenFeinstein @ChuckGrassley @SenateDems Important to know a judges political background, no? 
@SenateDems  ...and he has...
Did you really think he wouldn't lie? It's this Admins MO. #ImpeachTrump
@SenateDems I would say "Surely, you jest". Regrettably, I know you're not.
how is that misleading? He's only obligated to stay out of politics as a judge, not prior to being a judge, stupid.
@senorrinhatch much respect for this reporting. It's been a while.
@senorrinhatch @SenateDems Tapper has become a politicized voice if @CNN. What say you about leaks from @RepAdamSchiff ?
this guy is so smooth it's terrifying.
Your obviolsy a liberal democrat!  But you say your a fair journalist. Haha. What a joke Jake "fake news" Tapper.  Hrc supporter
Wasn't a judge until 2006. You are misleading. Can do all those activities before than.
wow, a random act of journalism
I'm not a fan if this man due to his favoring corporations but Ds need to pick their fights strategically..this is not the one
fake news and lies
I would be very curious to see Justice Kaegan's or Sodomayor's resumes-- just curious
I really think people need to know this.I don't think enough do. They think he is so honest but this shows that he is misleading
You must be so ecstatic that you think you finally found something where this man failed/get 10/10 according to yr perceptions.
thanks for being honest Jake
@DonTrumpeone That man Al really insulted Gorsuch! Kudos to For such for his great composure!!
Gorsuch
I'll explain for you - this ain't the 90's, You don't have a monopoly anymore! People see BS, and it's aggravating. 2018 revenge
And CNN worked for the Hillary Clinton campaign - what's your point? The man volunteered his time for a campaign back in 2000?
Here ya go @jaketapper Let me help. Since you apparently need help with all the grasping.
@EdDriscoll 
He wasn't a judge until 2006 you pylon.
It's beyond embarrassing @cnn at this point.
huh. Gorsuch didn't really make that clear...which is why he's misleading.
he made it pretty clear he was talking about as a judge.  It was reiterated several times....just keep fishin'
Name one judge who hasn't been involved in politics? How do you think they get elected or appointed in the first place?
WHY DO THEY FEEL THEY NEED TO MISLEAD--WHY NOT BE TRUTHFUL
thank you for being one of the only honest journalist out there. You are one of the few I actually trust.
jake the  snake continues his ignorance, he will be  confirmed , you loose again !
he was born into it. doesn't anyone know who his mom was, and what she resigned over?
@wildwestleft he is one of the liars
Same resume when he was unanimously confirmed for 10th circuit in 2006. Did the Dems not read it then? Do they read anything?
All of them are liars 
keep it up. Need to keep them all honest in Washington
No UR misleading. No politics in 10 years since appointed to Bench.  Unlike Sotomayor BTW.  Fake journalism-that's you!
that's a lie
"Misleading" here mean "lie-hackery."
that's the best you got? lol I smell desperation. Funny word misleading...
- Intolerant left is in full smear campaign mode against the judge.  Tired endlessly to attack him on multiple fronts, failed
props to Tapper

- he'll fit right in with all the current judges that are judicial activists!
Exactly. He was not a judge in 2004.
Jake this is a lost cause for you and your liberal bankrollers. There seems to be no hope for your integrity or your soul.
youve demonstrated more partisan support while playing the role of a journalist.
Jake, he is the opportunity Dems have to cross the aisle and compromise
@sheilaaj everything that comes from them is misleading.
@KFILE What human has ever stayed out of politics. It's scalable
Which certainly beats the Ruth Bader Ginsburg standard, as in no separation.
Uh, Jake, he was 8 in 1976.
@LawrenceBJones3 @SenateDems Fair calling out on this Jake.
@SenateDems stop your whining snowflakes.
@Colombiana_Gal You are nothing but a bull shit artist disguised as a journalist 
 @jaketapper
kind of sneaky for Gorsuch to say he's stayed out of politics even tho he said "as a judge" sneaky
@SenateDems He is so full of shit! Not all of us are brain-dead followers. Not supposed to be, but the judges are party loyal!
@LawrenceBJones3 Ginsburg has been political as Scotus that's right a democratic appointment
Heritage Foundation submitted SCOTUS list last yr. *45 did not make choice (he's clueless in such matters). GOP decision.
…his mother ran the EPA for Reagan…this guy's a lifer…no one get's to the Supreme Court by being obscure and submissive…
as @realDonaldTrump would call this "fake news" oh wait he wouldn't because this is in his favor.
Jake - YOU ARE FAKE NEWS PERSONIFIED - I BELIEVE NOTHING OF WHAT YOU SAY - CNN IS DEAD TO ME
misleading or fake news?
Fake News Jake Tapper talking crap about an honest good judge because his network is failing trying to get ratings.
Gorsuch is easily Trump's biggest homerun. Dems need to save political capital for bigger battles down the road.
, but it does establish he is a political animal.
@CrazyCatLadyFL He is a"Trojan Horse" nominee who is most certainly extremely conservative,vetted&approved by the Federalist Soc
@pink_sprnva Things are looking up for Tapper!
I said just about the same thing. Too bad most ppl commenting don't understand he's correcting Dems not Gorsuch 
@SenateDems wow a rare moment of honesty from Jake Tapper.
so he lied, he fits right in with the other people tapped by fearless leader.
Watch it trap you can be deleted you were on the right road stick to it.
STOP IT ALREADY..YOU LOOK LIKE A FOOL
@scottzabielski but he also stated he could not go to a town hall if he wanted to so kinda all over the place
@SenateDems Jake, just shut up…
@LawrenceBJones3 hell has frozen over. I actually agree with Jake.
@EricaRHill no it isn't as a private citizen he has every right to pursue his beliefs as a Judge he became impartial.
who gives a rip? No different than a Democrat nominee having a left leaning bend...
@EricaRHill So weak.  I believe he was referring to staying out of politics as a judge when deciding cases.
@LawrenceBJones3 Did you not watch the hearing today? Or were you still stuck on FBI BS?
the whole statement is rubbish. distinction w/o difference. how do you separate being political in various lives? @jaketapper @varadmehta
@sistertoldjah wow you get a googd job Mr Tapper for that.
you're still the best, in my book. Always fair and honest, at least from where I sit.
Fake News!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@EricaRHill another phony
see?  Everything is an attack if it's a conservative. That's why you aren't credible
Isn't that resume from before he was on a judge Circuit Court of Appeal?
@AmandaPresto He should follow your sterling example, Jake.
Everyone, Tapper, leans one way or the other. You should know that.
WOW!  That's like a judge, lying under oath (during Lent!)!!!
Thanks Jake
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFAKE
FAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKEFAKE
give it your best shot Jake. He makes everyone else in the room look small. Very small.
Not misleading at all.  Appointed as judge in 2006.  Last political actively 2004.
He will say anything to be accepted and confirmed.
@EdWhelanEPPC If you were impartial you would also report that those normal pol activities ended when he was appointed to bench
And all you Liberal hack "journalist" incessantly foist your warped world view on your viewers. WHAT IS YOUR POINT??? #FAKENEWS
interesting point... This resume does show he has been. (Prior to 2006).
like you have stayed out of politics Jakey ? Reporters are supposed to be non partisan too!
well shoot! Just dawned on me! That was point u were making! Sorry Jake! I should direct that to @SenateDems @BellaLolaGirl
Are you sure you feel okay?
you don't even hide you bias at all anymore! That's good so everyone can see it. Most qualified Judge out there! Give me a break
@SaintRPh Thanks for pointing that out. I'd characterize it as a bit worse than misleading, though.
I was very impressed with judge Gorsuch He gives a solid impression of integrity. His answers are as they should be for a judge
He stays away from politics, when deciding cases be4 him! Unlike judges like e.g. Ginsburg @BellaLolaGirl
@GlennKesslerWP He evaded so many Q's he could've answered. Politicians taught him well.
I don't believe he was a judge in 2004.
.@jaketapper I'd be more surprised if he was squeaky clean and wasn't owned by anyone. Disgusted with these people!
.@jaketapper oh look another liar. Why are we surprised with anyone that Trump has nominated or picked for admin or otherwise?
He sounds phony. Like a 1940s Hollywood movie judge.
Jake you are the best Democratic Person on the opposition Party!!!
I just hope the Dems recognizes the great work U do for them!
Look who's talking about "misleading"! What? Do judges not have a right to speak politically as citizens? @BellaLolaGirl
@KFILE - http://www.upi.com/Justice-White-and-judicial-excellence/72651020510343/ …
Hes too laid back and nonchalant. He's condescending in a way that is extremely subtle. Something's off about him. Don't like.
@KFILE Just what we need a MISLEADING JUSTICE goes along with misleading NSA Head, campaign manager, campaign advisor(Page)...
Anyone associated with tramp is a bona-fide liar.
@KFILE Ah, the Jeff Sessions defense " I didn't meet with Russians as a Trump surrogate. I met w them as a Senator".
he wasn't a judge in 2004?
@DavidCandor Oh shut up Jake. Everyone knows you R the poster boy 4 fake news. When in a hole, stop digging. 1 truth not enough.
He's right on this one tho - he's defending Gorsuch's position. The stupid @SenateDems handle is the #FakeNews here
People are so quick to judge. They skip the in between and go on a rampage just b/c...
@KFILE it is a lie, not misleading
no more than Judge Curiel whom you wanted us to believe would be impartial
Why is this any different?
#FakeNews
@SenateDems This time Tapper is correct. You're not just misleading, but intentionally deceptive. We watched, it was clear.
read comments to this from loony lefties-- might want to avoid your nutty fans @Heminator
@charlescwcooke CNN's expert on political bias chimes in.
@voicefeed How do you separate the two. Even subconsciously, politics plays a role. Especially in the Supreme Court.
Sorry...forgot the "?"
@SenateDems whats happend to @jaketapper recently? Hes seemed only semi-liberal lately. MayB his son callin him out 4 #fakenews woke him up?
keep up the good work Jake. One of the most honest in the media on any platform
@whpresscorps I didn't think he was misleading at all. Pretty plain.
@GlennKesslerWP getting back for his mother being taken down
As stated, Gorsuch was NOT a Judge in 2004.
ahh well what's another liar to the administration...I think it's a prerequisite
btw, did you Jake the fake, by any chance vote for & Collude with Hillary Crooked Clinton?? Why should anyone trust a word of u?
@ThePowersThatBe Democrats r undoing all the lies & deception Harry Reid used to label GOP as obstructionists.
isn't that a baseline requirement for a judge? You're reaching here at an attempt at neutrality but you need to keep looking
why is there existence of a group for republic or democratic lawyers?? Justice supposed to be blind. Law should model military
was it in quotes because if it was, you know what that means.
I'm astonished by the stupidity displayed on the left.
