Yeah, we should definitely be calling out our Democrat senators about the no votes. And yet, establishment Republicans are ineffective.
If by "call them out" you mean "thank them for saving us from those garbage healthcare bills," then you're correct.
Something like that. Any senator who voted no should have to signup for Obamacare. Then we'd see more yes votes, or Obamacare would improve.
They already do have to get Obamacare. The goal should be to make Obamacare better, not repeal it.
Did you read this article? It doesn't say they're on Obamacare. They setup an exchange I bet we wouldn't qualify for called DC Health Link.
It's an Obamacare exchange. That's what Obamacare is. They didn't set up an exchange. They use the DC one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G790p0LcgbI … Obamacare (written by 6 major insurance companies) passed bc of the low information voter, every1 in DC knows it.
The republican bills presented were all bad and made the problems w Obamacare even worse. The problem is republican voters have...
#prolife. Must be the reason you voted 3 times to strip insurance and Medicaid from millions.
Don't forget to thank Putin for all the help he provided the GOP this past election that made the Gorsuch pick possible.
Just pass the agenda already
Oh yeah the STOLEN SEAT.
What has Gorsuch done, like forever?
This Hoosier is firmly pro-responsible gun ownership and pro-choice. Keep state and religion separate and prayer OUT of medical decisions
Agreed!  @Scotus was my #1 issues last election.  Great job!  O-Care is hurting us.  Vote by @SenJohnMcCain is strange.  AZ worse than most.
Stealing the seat was your #1 issue?
Also your logic on "protecting life" and yet supporting guns is utter nonsense
Nice move by McConnell. However, you dropped the ball big time on healthcare. Don't ask voters again to help the @GOP when it's mostly lies.
You meant to say "without his obstruction, we'd have Merrick Garland on Supreme Court"
I knew you'd support @SenateMajLdr, you're bought and paid for by him
You sounds like a plus to me!
I would not call violating the 60 vote rule a win..... it was a STEAL...... winnets would have gotten 60 voted
FTFY: w/out @SenateMajLdr McConnell's coniving obstruction, Republicans couldn't steal a Supreme Court seat.
That is right! @SenateMajLdr is a world class obstructionist.   He stole that seat from Merrick Garland and Obama.
This is what prolife agenda does. Young girls dying in back alleys. This girl died, was cut up, wrapped in xmas paper and dumped across NY
I didn't think you could disgust me any more than you already have. #onetermtodd
The fact that you don't see a problem with using those hashtags together is troubling.
Those wearing targets on their backs because of this stolen appointment remember this every day.
Your two hashtags seem a bit incompatible. I'm not sure prolife means what you think it does.
Long before abortion was legal it was done and girls were dying. Your agenda is dangerous. We don't need the religious zealots governing US
Did you just hashtag "prolife & "progun" and not see the absurdity?  That's a whole new level of deplorable sir.
Why is a stolen SC seat something to cheer? As my freshman senator I am very disappointed in your priorities, Mr. Young.
Perspective: if you want to help Hoosiers impeach Trump before he leads us into war to deflect attention from the Russia investigations.
GOP obstructed to steal a SC seat and your position on healthcare will hurt Hoosiers. HIP is the Medicaid expansion under ACA.

You can ride that turtle all the way back to redneck island.
Give the seat to somebody who can work with Democrats #NonPartisan
Playing politics with the Constitution is not leadership, it's #unamerican #unpatriotic and #digraceful. You suck.
Careful, Todd. McConnell is back on Trump's shit list.
If it weren't for @realDonaldTrump you guys wouldn't be in the majority, but you STILL can't get anything done.
2nd Amendment guarantees guns & Roe v Wade is already law. Move on. Respond to something relevant! Lead contamination in EC, IN poverty rate
That's great but what about OCare repeal.  Ball was DROPPED!
He passed several bills to repeal O-care when Obama was President. Now he can't pass a bill involving O-care so it's worth questioning why.

I particularly like the dueling hashtags which seem to imply let's preserve life so you can be shot later.
Still ignoring wack-a-do Trump while he threatens war everywhere. Mr. Deferment doesn't mind putting soldiers at risk.
You mean if your puppetmaster wasn't a total sleaze who stole Prez Obama's appointment. You Republicans have no morals & karma will get you.
After Gorsuch, McConnell quit trying.
People seem to have short memories when it comes to the decades long impact that delivering Judge Gorsuch will have. Focus on crushing Dems
@SenateMajLdr is my senator. In '14 victory speech he told constituents "I hear you," but beyond Gorsuch he's not supporting @POTUS agenda.
I can't decide if this is A+ trolling or D- critical thinking. You forgot the most important hashtag #partyovercountry
Gorsuch seat is stolen.  Trump is a mentally deranged imbecile & now he wants to go to war in Venezuela...tick tock...pee-pee tapes coming!
Shouldn't that hashtag be progunRIGHTS...what you've posted is frighteningly open ended...and seems antithetical to your previous hastag...
Repukes stole a SCOTUS seat. #familyvalues
You sir are a gelding
I over six months you have exactly ONE accomplishment...remind again why I voted for you?????
Yes, great example of how the unprincipled majority leader and @SenateGOP spat in the face of the Constitution and democracy w/brazen theft.
And we all know the despicable motivational foundation of the theft of an SC nom.
Chicken shit!  Face your constituents!
Alternate Perspective: Obstructing process to tip a Supreme Court appointment your way and then saying it wasn’t about that is lying.
You call that leadership?!? Hell Todd, even YOU could have screwed Garland out of his appointment!
Aw, is someone sad because they couldn't screw poor people out of their healthcare?
Or the repeal of Obamacare. Oh wait...
You say leadership, I say corrupt, lying, cheating obstructionist. Agree to disagree.
That would have been a good thing.
The stolen seat, how proud you must be.
Pro life and pro gun? Not very thoughtful there Senator. I was hoping you would be above that sort of thing.
You mean, without throwing every precedent out the window, you don't have Gorsuch on the Supreme Court.
Thank you for reminding me how you guys stole a SCOTUS seat. You really ought to be ashamed.
That bill stopping POTUS from making recess appointments was pathetic. So was your Russia sanctions bill based on lies.
Without Indiana voters, you don't have a job in the do-nothing Senate,
If Todd Young doesn't get it in gear and do something he will be a one term Senator. The games changed son, since Trump come to town,Wake Up
I don't think you get to use the prolife hashtag anymore.  You've given that up with your votes for Trumpcare.
Yes. We know. Merrick Garland should be in that seat.
is #prolife and #progun. Cognitive dissonance much?
Perspective: w/out @SenateMajLdr McConnell's leadership, Republicans don't have Neil Gorsuch on Supreme Court #prolife #progun
The promise of a GOP Senate was to #RepealAndReplace - have you achieved that? You voted on it when Obama was in office. Why not now?
I agree Sen Young by refusing to do his job Donnie had a supreme court opening to fill. Pay backs are hell
So you support the way he denied Garland? Win at all costs, even if it's wrong? Might as well be Trump. That's disappointing
Perspective: Without @realDonaldTrump, Evan Bayh would have beaten you in the 2016 Senate race. #Truth

This isn't the battle to pick, bro.
Request that you put a motion on the Senate Floor asking Senate Leader Mitch McConnell @SenateMajLdr to resign immediately. Thank You.
Yes, he is a pervert who contraverted the constitution! #progun= dumber than a rock!
That doesn't get him a pass on all the other work that should be done. All of you get back early to WA,DC & get back to work.
What are you doing about Donald Trump? Are you going to let him get innocent people killed? Are you Republicans just going to sit idly by?
Progetoutofmyuterus
Be #prolife and #progun but lay off the Washington elite koolaid. Get some work done. #budget #taxreformnow #promisespromises
You're right now let's get the rest of the crap done. So you think you deserve to go home on vacation when we got a healthcare crisis
So you are a proponent of getting what you want no matter the cost or the method? Duly noted. 
Also how can U B #prolife AND #progun? #idiot
You mean the deliberate obstruction it took on McConnell's part to STEAL a SCOTUS seat?! He's a thief. #itscalledkarma
So he's officially a one trick pony, great!
You mean because he refused to do his job so the black guy wouldn't get another appointment
Do you really believe Majority Leader Cruz would not have nuked the filibuster?
@harryreid2016 was obstructed for 5-1/2 years before he changed the rules for fed judges. @SenateMajLdr waited all of 3 seconds.
Also don't forget without changing the rules of the senate #MerrickGarland
when are you going to have town hall meetings for your constituents
Or trump...they both stole the nomination with McConnel's help.
one victory does not a war win. Stop ass kissing via Twitter and do @POTUS  agenda, which is what we voted for. McConnell needs to go!
You say leadership, I say subversion.
Exactly.  Seat should have been filled by Garland.  Don't like the hypocrisy?
How about #pro constituents
Instead of writing this, why not just place your lips on Mr. McConnell's derrière? Seems more effective. #progay
Highly doubt he is the sole reason. Any Republican would have done the same.
yeah, exactly, that's why McConnell needs to GO!  He STOLE a Supreme Court seat.
So cheating makes him a good leader?
W/O Yertle's obstructionism and moving the goal line, Neil wouldn't be on the bench. And he shouldn't be. #StolenSeat
Mitchell McConnell is one of my heroes. #Scallywag
#theft you think that Trump's disregard for democratic norms is not connected to the republican culture that kept #merrickgarlnd out of SC.
You really need to reassess your party's governing values. It's important for country. Step 1- #ImpeachTrump on #trumprussia or #emoluments
Great job on Judge Gorsuch. But not enough. You must repeal Obamacare and cut taxes across the board. Close does not count.
Not really something to be proud of, given the method.
He also let's Dems walk all over him, since he is a sticker for arcane rules that allow nothing to get done.
You know Todd you're a spunky guy; whatever aid monitors the mentions on this let Todd know I think he's spunky for better or for worse
Neil Gorsuch on the Supreme Court is not something to be proud of. #merricgarland  #obstructionism #partyovercountry
Yeah exactly the problem.
You speak as if that's a good thing.  You're on the wrong side.  History will prove that DT and GOP are disastrous betrayal of this country.
Or Obamacare.
Are you in Indy? That way say HEY @VP .You can learn to privatize public entities,,then get KICKBACKS to your campaign coffers
I am glad you agree that without McConnell that Hoosiers would be better represented.
Should have stood up for democracy and voted no instead condoning obstruction by McConnell and gop #hypocrite
You are applauding him hijacking that nominee from Pres. Obama? That wasn't leadership, that was deviousness an unethical.
What you mean to say is that without Mcconnell's unprecedented obstruction of president Obama you don't have Goresuch
Prolife and progun? Seriously? You don't see that as incongruous?  That's a problem.
I thought Neil Gorsuch was on the Supreme Court representing all Americans.  My mistake
It would appear that you & many of your constituents have a differing opinion on what leadership looks like.
Yes. Yes we do. For this constituent-Todd is an embarrassment.
Lol at #prolife and #progun in the same sentence.
That's your idea of leadership? Gorsuch is occupying a stolen seat. And the irony of #prolife #progun totally escapes you I'm sure...
Lets get this straight, you are pro-birth, not pro-life. Tax cuts for the rich and Medicaid cuts for the poor is not pro-life.
Still proud of that? You are an incompetent Senator
Last time I checked, Todd, OBSTRUCTION was not spelled l-e-a-d-e-r-s-h-i-p. Public education failed you, sir.
No, without Trump u don't have Neil Gorsuch on Supreme Court. Time to stop the weak support of him if u want to be re elected.
You don't see the irony in using a pro-life tag along with a pro-gun tag? No, I guess you wouldn't.
He is not pro life. He is pro birth.  F em once they are born. #mybody
Sure...birth em then shoot em. It's the American way...
You wouldn't even vote on Obama's nominations and you think by cheating the system this is an accomplishment? You seriously have no clue.
Yet another low intellect, low moral Republican paying tribute to the Great Turtle - his lord & master.
Stolen seat
#merrickgarland
#Scalia #Podesta #WetWorks
Only thing you guys can do is change the rules and cheat to get anything done. Shame.
I can't wait to see you unseated. I'll be working to get your opponent elected.
Me too!
That's an odd way to spell obstruction.
You and the GOP can't win a fair fight so you cheat and lie. Trumpism is a symptom of your sick, morally and intellectually bankrupt party.
Tantamount to court packing, you should be ashamed of the long term damage you have done to our institutions
This is offensive. Theft is not a Hoosier value.
This is a fact.
So he should have stepped down years ago? Got it.
