It's only money for the RICH... BULLSHIT from #Hatch

Also wanted to kill #HealthCare by repealing #ObamaCare and replacing it by #TrumpCare
You don't care about the average American.
Bogus bull! You care about your rich contributors!
Only CRUCIFIXION for US
Have any Republicans thought about cutting spending.
High government salaries, benefits and bloated bureaucracy should be stopped.
Cooperate with Trump stop working against him go with his tax plan not yours. Trump is a good Republican not most of you guys.
But much more for the donor class
WHAT BS.
Average American? Explain!!!!
How long have we been hearing this.
The average American hummm I wonder who would that be to a Republican.
and the average top 1%
Lies!
Trickle down economics didn't work the last 2 x's. The Rich just get richer. GOP is lying about tax reform just like health care. Liars!
Big losers are seniors & retirees.
BULLSHIT! REPEAL THE DAMN 16TH AMENDMENT WHICH WILL REALLY BRING DOWN TAXES! IM SICK OF GIVING MY MONEY TO THIS DAMN US GOVT!
F#$K US GOVT
You had better.we will #resist.  We have our red lines too. No reducing taxes for Corp. Reduce taxes for middle and lower class,big time
We hope??
When Trump as president, You Do nothing, only the party go down
Raises taxes on the poorest of the poor and massive tax cuts for Vicious Rich Republicans
Senator Hatch and all Senators should be supporting the #FAIRTAX @FairTaxOfficial @fairtaxnation, unless the want to use IRS power over us.
I fail to understand why you would try #Brownback plan on all US. Already failed miserably in Kansas.
That's not what you've got
You want to help the Under class,Raise the Minimum Wage to 15 $ hr so we can afford to live like Humans AGAIN !!!!
Average Americans want a jobs program, infrastructure. Trickle Down has FAILED for 30+ years now. Drop the lie.  REFORM NOT JUST CUT. GEEZ!
Average Americans are not in the top 1%. Those people are the only ones who will benefit. And corporations who already make billions.
But the bill you're offering does everything to the contrary. It rewards the 1%
I will believe it when I see you put it on the president's desk.  So far the Senate is some talk and no action.
Operative words "we hope" and just like "trickle down"
We hope?
Hope really isn't a good response for this tax ruse
Yea right
I OPPOSE all your hype and propaganda. Could you just keep your word and do your job? Just once? #NotOnePenny
Hope is not a course of action.
Ridiculous comment , we hope...I think no matter how much people hate the democratic opponent ..their voting democrat.
We hope, ridicule
A 1.5 trillion dollar unfunded giveaway to millionaires. Let's see Trump's returns before you start handing out goodies to your donors.
Hatch ..aren't you up for election next year?  Maybe you should stop lying about TAX PLAN for BILLIONAIRES.
R's DO YOU SUPPORT Trump And Paul Ryan’s Tax Plan?  Its a $5 Trillion Giveaway To The Wealthy.   https://trofire.com/2017/09/28/trump-paul-ryans-tax-plan-5-trillion-giveaway-wealthy/ … …
You say not for the rich? Not so!
Is every last Republican legislator compromised, crooked or both? You're ignoring the big orange elephant in the corner.
He put us on the brink of a nuclear confrontation and made offensive comments about PR, while allowing them to suffer, die. Just this week.
I have found it hard to believe that you haven't put a stop to this sooner. What the hell are you waiting for? Nuclear annihilation?
Hatch has got to go in 2018
Bullshit. You will and always will focus on your big dollar donors. You are lying.
We hope? Just make sure we don't hurt politicians right?
If the GOP tax reform is like their tea party take over of congress created and paid for by billionaire internationalist I'm real worried
The tax cuts are for the wealthy, the Koch brothers, and the 1%. Taxes will rise for the poor and middle class. You are all insane.
Tax breaks for Trump and his rich friends that's BS wake up !!
Stop lying.  We are not dumb
Please define "average American"
I'm for a tax plan that is fair to all, not a plan that gives the wealthy an unfair advantage.
Hope is not a course of action.  The way is clear as to what needs to be done.  Do it with 50 votes and get this Nation moving.
Republicans are now a faction
Tyranny gives satisfaction
Averse to our rights,
our interests, our plight
Just for the rich they take action!
DEEP!

#WhatABunchOfBS
Bring down taxes for the wealthy and corporations. The hell with the rest of America. And let's cut SS and Medicare/Medicaid.
Give me a break! Average American? I think not!
You need to do something. The House has passed a bunch of stuff and you all seem to be suiting on your asses doing nothing.
The average American will not benefit nearly as much as the filthy rich... so tell me again about the deficit...
Americans don't believe you. Big donors have bought you.  You lie.
If you play the game of an external influence debt to hold your Economy, you can be oriented on what you Never chosen.
We've all heard this before. Our paychecks never really change much while the rich receive more benefits (aka welfare). Don't be fooled.
Only if that average american is a millionaire or a billionaire,
Hopefully, you will bring taxes down for disabled veterans and repeal the Disabled Veterans Tax, S 66. @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan
So the current plan that raises the lower tax rate & lowers the highest tax rate isn't the one you are going to vote on? #LIAR
A true Ponzi Scheme  
You don’t have to add you just have to believe.
Your hand is on your bible and you cannot be wrong. 
Studies Please
Hope?  RETIRE!!
@senjudiciary Besides not having any prosecutorial experience, can't you guys find anyone not connected to Russia? #Russiagate
Russia connections are a feature, not a bug.
It's a stretch to want your colleagues to work with you senator.
I thought the bill was completed and the most wealthy win hugely!
We don't need lower taxes. No #TaxReform that bankrupts the country. #DebtCrisis Be Republicans. Be fiscally responsible
Oh come on, this is just a way to give tax cuts to your donners, the rich. Right now is time to protect US from storms, Russia and POTUS.
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @maddow "We hope" is the key statement here.  Translation: Rich get richer and the rest of you are screwed!
Hope? Your wording reveals your true intent, cuts for the rich, increases for the poor. Even I can do better than that BS you're selling.
"we hope will bring taxes down for the average American" too funny, it is just another lie, smoke and mirrors, it is really for the wealthy
#TaxationIsTheft

#MAGA!
Make
Americans
Gullible
Always
#MADA Make America a Democracy Again!
LIAR
Hatch McCain Cohen McConnell would do not know what an "average" or "middle income" American makes or their expenses - Clueless Congress
What's 1k a year in tax cuts for family of four? How much tax will the millionaires save! A lower bracket on a million is significant.
Don't forget us single working seniors with pensions and Soc. Sec. I can't afford higher taxes, and don't want to quit my job.
We hope?????
You're off to a shoddy start. LIERS!!!  2018!!!  2020!!!!
We hope????? They have no clue.In the end the #AverageAmerican will pay more #taxes. #TaxReform #voteGOPout #resist #Resistance #indivisible
The house and senate never take action only hypothetical talking, they talk to much
Will you cut spending or just add to the deficit?
@realDonaldTrump HOPE? Not hope. Correct statement would be President Trump asked for taxes to go down for the average American and they are
YOU BETTER GET YOUR ACT TOGETHER AND PASS THIS OR KISS MIDTERM ELECTIONS GOODBYE.
WHAT DO U MEAN BY HOPE????? U EITHER BRING DOWN TAXES FOR THE MIDDLE CLASS OR U DON'T! & U KNOW THIS POS DOESN'T, SO OWN IT OR DROP IT!!!!!
Hopes? Every republican pres brings a tax cut for the rich, a recession caused by that, and a war to cover it up. Wake Up!
No specific's yet again.  YOU guys can't work your way out of paper bag.  Deplorable.
But then you won’t pass it. Are you going to call this one repeal and replace also?
Hope ? Is that your code word ? Hope ? We do not send idiots to washington an hope they do as we tell them ! We will vote your crooked butts out !!
Liar
That we hope? Figures is one of the most definitive analytical aspect of science etc.
Is this your 12% 25% 35% because saying you will lower taxes is a blatant lie


flat 10% consumption task...easy.
Let's go for a low 9% flat tax & get rid of excess bureaucrats, waste & fraud then make our gov stay within its means.
You need to get something done that we voted for or be prepared to face a whole different kind of race in 2018! #quitwastingtime #gettowork
Here's a novel thought...how about, unlike healthcare, you get independent scoring before trying to ram through a half ass bill?
U hope... we want u to leave r tax alone! U do not work 4 the average utahn. You work for Trump and his billionaires/millionaires friends
Promises, promises....
Not that politicians ever lie about the polices that send them profits, right?
Do the math .@POTUS supporters, do the math, see the truth:
"Hope?" Not good enough. You spelled out the tax relief for the rich easily enough. NO cutting the social programs to get the deficit down.
Lying! Big tax break for the wealthy!  Estate tax elimination will save Trump kids billions!
I don't have any trouble with my tax rate. I have trouble with my cell phone bills paying CEO spa treatments and the like.
Guess what, the average American doesn't buy your BS - you're only concerned with protecting your donors and yourselves
by bringing up taxes for the poor? You're sick.
"You hope" or you know??  It makes a difference.
“ and by average, of course we mean the average millionaire who makes $300,000 a year and has a net worth of 2.8 million…”
Do the math - this won't help average Americans or the Nat'l debt. No matter if you say you hope it will or not.
W/a nationwide wage raise,U can be 100% sure R economy will grow bc we spend R.W/UR tax bill U can hope 4 us & be 100% sure 4 UR 1%/donors!
@gop POTUS propose #taxcutforall that lead to grwth & prosperity Dont appropriate #DemClassWarfare
Lying Sessions look-alike WHORERepubiKKKan Carpetbagger #TrumpTaxScam #TrumpResign @GOPLeader @OccupyDemocrats #orrinhatch
We hope? Youdiddering old fool, if you don't KNOW resign
You hope it brings down taxes, but oh well if it doesn't?
Put "hope" in one hand and  in the other, and see which fills up first! HOPE IS NOT A STRATEGY senator.
Stopi us!If U write the bill,U "hope"?Can't assure us 100%?Does 1% get 100% assurance?NO TAX CUTS W/"HOPE",GIVE US A NATIONAL WAGE RAISE!
LAUGHABLE!  Nothing for the middle class.  Some will even pay more depending on the state they live in!
.@SenateGOP @GOPSenFinance. Now how stupid is that, WE HOPE WILL BRING TAXES DOWN! Just write one that does BRING taxes down
The $1000 tax cut for a family of 4 making $100K a year comes out to $19.23 a week. This is an AWEFUL Tax Cut/Reform/Revolution #Laughable
And there's a bridge in Brooklyn you want to sell us?
Sounds great. So did the promises from 52 GOP senators to repeal Obamacare. I'll believe it when I see it
"Hope"
The goal is not just a huge tax cut for the middle class and the rich! Your job is to do the hard work...think of the deficit etc
time for you to get out and retire
WHAT THE HELL DO YOU MEAN, "WE HOPE" that is crap, just write the dam thing or find people smart enough to write it
Excellent reporting show that reduced tax rates make rich persons&companies richer but poor taxpayers gain so little - stop lying citizens!?
With US$57k per capita income & GOP tax plan, Married 24k+4children12k+apt rent 18k=54k. Add utilities&etc of 10k will total 64k! Deficit???
American per capita income of $57,000 can't sustain a decent livelihood, using the GOP tax plan. And adding healthcare insurance premiums???
F for assertive, confident language.  Damn @GOP @SenateGOP You don’t even believe your own BS.  LOL
You’re going to write a tax bill that will allow The Trump Org.’s 500+ shell comps to pay lower taxes. #NoTaxReturnsNoTaxReform
how old are you
All lies!
The tax plan is expected to cut revenue by trillions! How will you pay for improvements to infrastructure? Pass it to the next generation!

I'd feel a lot better if this was being done with a more even balance of power between the parties, with real compromise going on.
For sure it will reduce taxes for the 1%! And, you "hope it'll bring taxes down for the average American?!! What a disgusting statement!
Not true!
Tax. Or give away. Stop the looting
Yeah...right
Taxes pay for the military, border patrol, highways, national debt.  GOP weakens America by cutting taxes.
No faith or trust in congress this tax package is not for the middle class republicans throwing the nation a bone like trump Care
That you "hope?" Lol!!!!!
Instead of working on AIDE for PUERTO RICO, Trump & GOP was working on TAX CUTS for BILLIONARIES & TAKING AWAY HEALTHCARE to pay for it.
I'm calling BULL$HIT!!! Dude we're on to you.
Well so far all I see is helping the top 1% AGAIN - remember when Reagan did this - disaster!  Big companies took $ & jobs overseas 
You "hope"?? You don't know?? The wealthy will benefit greatly by the elimination of the estate tax. No deductions for middle class.
You hope that'll bring taxes down when u know it will not. The country is run by billionaires so who do you think is going to benefit?Duh!
#NotOnePenny Pay their FAIR SHARE!
"hope"
HAVE HOUSE, SENATE,POTUS! STILL G.O.P. UNABLE TO GOVERN. NO BACKBONE! NO BALLS! CAN'T STAND UP TO OPPOSITION DEMS!NO GUTS, NO LEADERSHIP!SAD
I won't hold my breath you haven't done anything yet
CAN'T BE SERIOUS!NO G.O.P., NO REPUBLICAN PARTY!ONLY SELF SERVING INDIVIDUALS WHO THINK THEYRE MORE IMPORTANT THAN AMERICAN VOTERS.NO LEADER
Emphasize the word "hope" in the phrase "hope will bring taxes down for the average American".  I don't think you know what that even means
Then you're going to need a new plan.
How about one that pays for itself? Have you really abandoned all of your supposedly bedrock principles?
Lying Republicans,you saw what they did to meals on wheels & they were trying to take away ACA, don't believe them.don't vote Republicans
VOTE OUT GOP ASAP.  PUERTO RICO, Racism, Cutting Healthcare, Russia, TAX CUTS for BILLIONAIRES", DACA just too much to deal with.
But if it doesn't, oops.  So sad
Under 200k better get a cut. No cut, no more votes.
YOU WROTE A TAX BILL THAT THE KOCH BROTHERS WILL BE PROUD OF YOU FOR! TRUMP LIED-HE WILL MAKE BILLIONS IF ESTATE TAX TAKEN & MID CLASS PAYS
says a very wealthy old man who could care less about the 75% of Americans that will get screwed!
I don't see how taking away tax credit for State taxes and repealing the estate tax helps  "average Americans". Please. #TaxPlan
