@SenOrrinHatch You have zero high ground. You're amoral and as much a liar as #thatcretin Trump! #VoteOutGOP and save our democracy.
Merrick Garland. That's all.
I worry about what Republicans inlcuding you are doing in the Senate

One question. Do you ever feel like a hypocrite?
@sltrib @StandUpRepublic I believe, Sir, that is called HYPOCRISY! Please do not run for the Senate again!
GFY you hypocrite
I worry more about you not standing! Be bipartisan, if you asked it of them you need to practice it now!
do you think we have been sleeping the last 8 years?
Boo Hoo You know what they say about Karma.
we are worried about what you all are doing!
Dont worry about the dems worry about @TrumpWhiteHouse cabinet picks destroying the country.
your hypocrisy is not going unnoticed. You are going down! Your lies no longer hit home. #JustUs http://jmcam80.wixsite.com/jmcussenate 
obviously your memory is failing. Dems are just stealing your plays.
.@SenOrrinHatch Hahaaaaaaa!!!! You HYPOCRITE! Have you no shame. sir?
@utahpolitics I'm more worried about you supporting guys who barely passed animal husbandry for the dept of energy.
Do all those Mormon families in Utah want their kids futures hinged on Rick Perry /nuclear waste
they apparently do. Most will say we need to see how this goes before we think it's a problem.
I have a feeling most have no idea. if there was an education/ad campaign...they might worry
I am from Utah and i am scared to death of the horrible and inexperienced people you are supporting, no good
Bless your heart, honey.
That would be the definition of irony.
If your staff would answer their phones, or check your voicemail, maybe you could hear what the other side thinks.
You ppl dare after all the tricks you have pulled, you sir belong in jail
stupid. They should stopping them all #trumpkleptocrats
you're a big hypocrite! You blocked Garland after prev supporting him! Don't get me started on term limits promise 40 yr ago!
Keep in mind, @SenOrrinHatch ole boy, when things aren't going your way, U once said “I’m one of the biggest advocates for the filibuster."
Karma. They learned from ya’ll over the past 8 years. No one gets a free pass anymore.
No dear, they are using their God-given right to http://protest.You 're the one who unilaterally changed the rules
uncritical support of Trump and rank hypocrisy / dishonesty will cost GOP dearly in midterms and next presidential election
- i propose that your worries are misplaced.
This is the line of succession if Trump were replaced. Most could face impeachment so Ds better be be taking a good hard look
.@SenOrrinHatch What side would that be? I know that Merrick Garland is still waiting for a hearing almost 1 yr out.
You Sir, made the bed.
You have zero credibility on this subject after Merrick Garland. Zero.
This coming from a @GOP communist who blocked a SCOTUS nomination and destroy's freedoms?  HA Orrin you Crack me UP!
A swamp-fed gaggle of unprepared and undeserving nominees. Y'all should be embarrassed to put them in front of us.
I worry that you would vote to affirm Betsey DeVos  as Secretary of Education.
Do you honestly believe that Dems have no right to obstruct an unpopular pres. after the GOP obstructed a more popular pres.?
You blocked shut down gov for years, now treasonous blocks of ethics, moves to take benefits, give to rich  #GoPISStealing
suck on your own tactics.  Turnabout is fair play.  Don't choke it.
Retire!
Oh really? Are you actually saying this right now? Your hypocrisy is appalling.
But you don't mention the tactics used to block Merrick Garland for SCOTUS. Two can play at this game, you don't get cry wolf
he literally sounds like he is crying wolf. sad listening to him brownose in hearings. Utah barely likes trump!
Sen. Hatch seems like a nice guy but he's a stupid as the rest of the GOP.
i dont think he seems like a nice guy lol. infuriates me with his attitude
By nice guy, he looks a nice guy by Ted Cruz standards.
You mean like what you did with Garland, you petty partisan excuse for a representative?
YOU are the reason there should be term limits.
You Have SELECTIVE MEMORY or dementia Remember the Obstruction YOU & #Republicans placed on the last nominee for the #SCOTUS
Your failure hold any hearing to confirm Merrick Garland destroys any credibility you have on this issue. #shame #hypocrisy
then the Senate may not be the country club you're looking for
disappointing
You broke it, you own it.
. @SenOrrinHatch @sltrib what ever happened with Merrick Garland?
Does the hypocrisy burn? I don't recall you shouting down Mitch McConnell over Garland, so you don't get to whine now.
You, sir, have no credibility on this subject. You also, evidently, have no shame.
Your hypocrisy knows no bounds.
you spent 8 years blocking everything possible specifically to be partisan.
merrick garland
Didn't even give Garland a hearing. You have no ground to stand on. None.
As ye sew, so shall ye reap. (That's from the Bible, so you might not be familiar with it.)
With due respect, it may be time to hang it up. I saw some of your performance during the hearings. Term limits, yes!
oh shut up
do me a favor, office staff. Let him know 100% of 300+ responses are reminding him he's a hypocrite. & Obama was a good man.
you can't be serious right? After what you guys did last year with garland? This is what MUST happen if they want to remain
Hey Orrin, Dems remembered not to forget the last 8. Jack-off!
how would you describe you ostrich-like inactions over the past 8 years? Don't whine when the other party does what you did.
@denyf8  Merrick Garland.
Good. Hope it keeps you up at night.
Merrill garland, Cassandra butts
maybe our cabinet should be made up of qualified people for each position and not just big donors. For the people, not rich
Surely you jest. #MerrikGarland
you should worry about what your backbone is doing
That's INCLUDING Democrats who confirm people like Mnuchin, Devos, Tillerson. The CEO of Exxon for God sakes!
most disgusting display of selling off American assets I have ever seen. Everyone who confirms these people should be ashamed
democrats are being WAY too nice. I've lived through R and D presidents. I've been a republican & democrat. This is the
new coal leases, which creates more gas and oil development offshore, but also on Federal land. To me, it seems that
You have the audacity to ask that question after 8 yrs of obstruction & NOW you approve incompetent nominees for gov office?
The VA guy is the 1st person in history to not have served in the military. Zinke for interior is going to stop the freeze on
you hypocrite!Remember how you and your Republican colleagues let Garland's nomination  expire after 293 day! #extralegal
The Sec. of Labor is against raising the minimum wage, loves automation, is against paying extra for overtime.
main reason he is being considered is because he bailed Trump out in the 80's/90's after he went bankrupt in Atlantic City.
better rates, then foreclosing on them and ruining their lives. Then you have Wilbur Ross who is another billionaire. The
off the backs of vulnerable people, foreclosing on homes just to make profits, tricking people into skipping payments to get
Steve Mnuchin is a Wall St. guy from Goldman Sachs (who the leader of your party railed against for 15 months), making money
wouldn't appoint him. MLK's wife stated in detail that Sessions would ruin everything MLK stands for. He is against the VRA
senate was simultaneously fillibustering naming MLK day, MLK day (Jessie Helms was doing it. He was my senator) & they
Let's talk about Sessions. He was denied a federal judgeship by an R senate in the 80's for being too racist. That same
thought he would be working with big oil in Texas. Now he is in charge of the most deadly nuke arsenal in history.
Rick Perry is the Sec. of Energy. He ran as president to abolish the Sec. of Energy. He didn't even know what it was. He
money off charter school networks,& leave public schools in shambles. She has never taught in a classroom or been a principal
oil and is a climate change denier, the Education Sec. wants to open up "School choice" meaning create voucher program, make
is unqualified to run a cabinet position, disagrees with the Fair Housing Act. The EPA guy has sued the EPA on behalf of big
Oh, that's rich, you obstructionist hypocrite.
who just hacked our election. The HHS Secretary wants to rid of ACA, privatize medicare/medicaid. The HUD secretary stated he
Well, let's see. The cabinet is filled with oxymorons and unqualified people, the SOS has a friendship medal from the guy
you are horrible representation to Utah and your constituents. You chose money over decency.
Your tweet makes you an official hypocrite
next time a Supreme Court candidate is nominated, do your damn job. If you weren't all so petty, none of this would happen.
Senator Hatch you are among the worse servant this country has ever had. One good thing your biological time will expire soon
OHHHHHH PLEEEEEEASE - you EMBODY HYPOCRISY
We, your constituents, have a much larger issue with the nomination of people like Betsy DeVos. She's not qualified!!!
You, sir, are a hypocrite
would you like a mirror??
gfy
- I don't worry about your colleagues at all.They're doing their job. @GOP sat on their thumbs with Judge Garland. You're SAD
have you listened to a word McConnell has said the last 8 years?
my my my shame on  you
Your "alternative fact" for the day?
You should be more worried about our slide into fascism. Don't be complicit.
did you happen to notice all the people from Utah that turned out for protests Saturday and Monday?
I am not worried about violence in any city. I am worried our own govt will ambush us. His tweet is a wake up call.
Stop it. Grow up.
You've done NOTHING but obstruct for 8 Damn yrs! Now u got a complaint? Uuugghh...
Threatening own citizens does that ring a bell to you. What is wrong with America. Is this what our founders wanted?
well the nominees aren't qualified. Not nearly as qualified as Garland was for SCOTUS.
you all including Trump are Public Servant working for the public. No one should be threatened over tweets by any leader.
I wonder what kind of Senator would want to confirm a corrupt self-dealer like Price.
How in the hell can u even think u have a valid point. Get to work on impeaching that Orange Hellbeast. Serve the people.
you have zero credibility
Where's the darn hypocrite emoji when you need it?
seen you through years work in a bipartisan way. Today, you shocked me. This leadership sounds like Dictatorship.
you think we the citizens are worried about confirmation? We are worried our President is violating & threatening our rights.
and instruct your staffers to unblock me on Facebook. Silencing responsible political opposition is a total N Korea move.
you need to worry about  Trump threatening the citizens of Chicago before they go to sleep. Is this America?
I used to like your thought process & leadership skills. Lost all respect for you in past 2 weeks & I am a Democrat.
oh you mean like what you and you comrades have done for the last eight? Government shutdown ring a bell?
P.S. Can you ask your partied nominee for Sec of Ed the difference between historic and historical.
Did a bout of amnesia make you to forget what your party did for the last 8 years, or do you just have no sense of shame?
where was your righteous indignation over the last 6 years as your party blocked @POTUS44 noms for US courts! #GOPHypocrisy
you could try not being a giant hypocrite?
oh stop pretending you have any moral high ground. What will you do about the creeping fascism? Oh wait..NOTHING!
the hypocrisy is strong, or have you forgotten Merrick Garland?
in the British sense.
Shame on you, sir!
#totalass-
I believe they're living up to your stellar example. You should be proud. Bigly!
but not worried what you and your counterparts did? Because of you, next SCOTUS judge will be illegitimate due to stolen pick
cowards. Spineless lagdogs of your master daddy donny. History will remember where you stood, sir.
You hypocrite. How dare you say one word abt the unethical, unqualified people waiting after refusing a hearing for Garland.
You have got to be kidding after you refused to even have a hearing on Merrick Garland's nomination.
WTF? You stole the seat from a legitimate President.
That's funny, I worry what you and the colleagues on your side are doing to the country.
I'm more worried about the Dictator you call POTUS.
Odd everything Conservatards claimed about obama, trump really is!
Merrick Garland
Cough, cough, Merrick Garland, cough.
You obstructed Obama at every turn. Expect the same treatment with your appointments.
Take your hypocrisy and shove it, clown. #MerrickGarland
I worry that they are going too easy.
with all due respect sir you and your party lost the right to feign outrage after the absolute BS you pulled over 8 years..
I generally respect your work. But this is outright disgusting hypocrisy. And it's not #utpol it's #uspol that you've f'd up.
.@SenOrrinHatch Merrick Garland, you hypocrite
One word: Garland.
Four more: Fuck you Senator Hatch.
One last word: FASCIST!
lol
you typical republican hypocrite!!!
Dear Sir, Pls concern yourself w/ what #notmypresident is doing to undermine our democracy while seizing power for himself.
have you no shame?  God is watching.
I have a message from Merrick Garland: "Shut your lie-hatch, hypocrite."
Gee, it's almost as if you're not happy the Dems are doing what you did for 8 years.  #Karma
Remember all the people you blocked for no good reason? I do. Cry me a river
Your dementia is showing. Time to retire before you turn into the drooling guy they hide from the public.
Bwa-hahahahahahahaha! Absolutely no self-awareness at all. Suck it.
do you ever look in the mirror
.@SenOrrinHatch Memory issues? Maybe time to retire. Forgot how buddy McConnell stalled or did not allow hearings.
YOU ARE A COWARD.
Turnabout's fair play?
#MerrickGarland
so it's okay for you and anyone in the @gop to be a hypocrite but no one else better be!

nice alternative fact here.
oh, does it look familiar?
Where was this worry when your party was blocking a SCOTUS nominee for almost a year?
Merrick Garland. #Hypocrite #OneTerm
I'm sorry, I didn't realize that you were the one that had the stroke-like event while giving a speech yesterday.
I mean, I know you're old but the word "hypocrite" is a little older than you. Look it up.
I don't know how Hatch or any other @GOP sleep at night let alone claim to be Christian
you've GOT to be kidding us
More hypocrisy from you. Please resign from the Senate.
Grow a pair,  sir!!!
funny you didn't seem to care not holding a vote for Garland. Your hypocrisy is astounding
.@SenOrrinHatch Turnabout is fair play. #TheResistance
any staffer using this willing to admit that Hatch would do anything if it meant empowering a Federalist Society chum?
I worry about your inability to remember how Republicans acted for the last 8 years. #utpol #convenientamnesia
Have you heard of Merrick Garland?  That didn't concern you, you hypocrite?  BECAUSE IT CONCERNED ME and I VOTE.
Are you freaking kidding me with this hypocritical BS!?  you have no shame or honor or dignity.
umm, your side stole a SCOTUS pick. Perhaps the dems are finally standing up to the bully?
but you had no problem blocking a SCOTUS nominee from even getting a hearing for 10 month? #karma
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
