Your words, absent action, do not absolve you of your complicity in "undermining the very fabric of our country". Will this be your legacy?
@senorrinhatch show some courage and denounce trump explicitly for trying to excuse neo-Nazis and White sup.  #utah @UTresists #resistance
I voted for Hatch many times - I want to hear him call out Trump, denounce his statements on Tuesday. #ConservativesResist #StandUpRepublic
Then boot him out!! #25thAmendment #ImpeachTrumpNow
Appreciate your words @senorrinhatch, but we need actions. The "very fabric of our country" can't withstand this any longer. Need your help!
It's time to to call out the racist by name. In the name of all that's good, why can't you condemn the president by his name Sir?
If you wish to stand on the correct side of history, you will not just censure @realDonaldTrump, you will begin impeachment proceedings.
Trumpy may? not be racist, but it is beyond belief the statements he has made. Shame on you for giving him any backing! He has no morals
@senorrinhatch  then call him out on it. #45 was and still is a disgrace to the American People. We the People, remember that?
What will you DO beyond these words? Trump only has wings to fly because you & the rest of the @GOP gave them to him. Time 2 Clip his wings.
@JoeNBC @Lawrence When will you say his name and say he must be removed?
So do ANTIFA and BLM..... call them out as well!
Senator hatch do something to impeach Trump
About time! Where you @GOP?
Amen to that, brother
Exactly the reason to let aChinese American patriotic slave retrieve her rightful reputation &be compensated
U say u know trump, but if someone doesn't condemn D. Duke & call Charlottesville domestic terrorism, they're a racist.
He needs to tell president a lot more than that.
Go after all ANTIFA BLM KKK MS13 White Sup White NAT. They can believe whatever they want and there's Free speech Law is no Riots no crime
Your continued support of party over country is part of that undermining of Our country.
Why do U think it was just white supremacist?They had permit...it was other groups that came w/o permits & incited violence.POTUS is correct
Duh!
When are gutless republicans going to stand up to Trump. Trump is unstable and a disgrace to our country.
Please focus on the agenda, health care, taxes, etc.
Its time, before things get worse, because they will unless you and GOP act now. Do it for the people. #ImpeachTrump #DoSomethingGOP
Thank you @senorrinhatch for saying this. I hope this can start applying to legislation.
Senator, did u know there was a statue of Lenin in Seattle? Yes he was white n despicable but nobody is trying to take him down? Why?
WTF are you going to do about it except give some MORE lip service?
Putrid GOP.
Words without actions is useless-
I don't remember you refuting Trump's (or other GOP) claims for nearly 8 years that President Obama wasn't born in the US.  #complicit
Thank you.
As much as Antifa, but we must allow for freedom of speech. How is it possible that both groups get the ability to meet on the same day.
If you really believe that, then vote out your buddy Mitch
But he will only use words unless 45 lies about getting a blowjob then he will jump into action. Oh, and calling Mexican's rapists is fine.
You should stop carrying the water of our racist in the White House, or stop pretending you care in the least.
Your friend Senator Ted Kennedy would be so disappointed in you for following that orange clown of trump!
And then excused @realDonaldTrump  for his terrible comments. You are part of the problem. A lifetime in office and still can't help us.
I just don't see anyone standing up to trump, he opened the can of worms
So does an administration that encourages racism and white supremacy. Your empty tweets do not address the problem in D.C.
Then stop supporting the orange Nazi in the White House and file articles of impeachment. He's shown that he's not fit for office. #impeach
Even Hatch won't go that low.
You say you "know" the president is not a racist? No one can know another's . If it walks like a duck....
But does Senator Hatch still support Donald Trump to continue as president of the United States of America?
Sen Hatch: HINT: IF you become president, you should FILL your cabinet & NSC with Democrats (IF you want to save our Republic). thx.
When you gonna tell @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and act on it? Otherwise, empty words.
As long as you can sleep at night enabling Nazis to remain in the White House
Soooo Senator any truth to the rumor that you will be the next president after all this bullshit ends???
If you're too partisan to impeach Trump, Senator, then you're just talking to hear your head rattle. You want 3.5 more yrs of this chaos?
Orrin Hatch is awesome
What are you & @GOP going to do? How long 'til you put country over party? Sick of words. Time for action - the people will rise if u don't
My thread in reply to @RepChrisStewart  is just as relevant to you. #utpol #Charlottesville
Thank you. This is necessary, but not sufficient.  If your words truly express your VALUES you will lead & expressly call out @POTUS  #utpol
Racists and white supremacists finally have the president they've been waiting a long time for. He joins them in praising General R.E. Lee.
Act on your outrage. Get Trump out. Stand for what is right.
How about systemic injustice? Unfair labor and housing practices? GOP led threats to health care for all?
Senator, Dont fall for the hype, these are bernie and soros plants, not conservative
Action not just words. Work with the Utah delegation in the house to impeach trump.
ORRIN HATCH is a HUGE TRUMP SUPPORTER & buckled under to Trump.  He hasn't said boo about Trump's racist comments.  Maybe he feels the same.

Your silence makes you complicit. Demand that @realDonaldTrump remove Gorka, Bannon, and Steven Miller. #FireGorka #FireBannon #FireMiller 
Who benefits from this  ?
Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
If the president isn't leading the way, he's certainly greasing the skids.

STOP TALKING AND ACT.
Congress needs to be in session NOW. 84105

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 
And POTUS Trump, first and foremost.
