get him confirmed #ReidRule
Did you have these beliefs with Garland? Surely being a habitual liar and hypocrite isn't a qualifying attribute?
rule of law is not always best if rule is hundreds of yrs old. If so we would have muskets in every home
No presidency under investigation for colluding with foreign powers has ever been allowed to appoint to the #SCOTUS
sure are you do
#investigationbeforeconfirmation
If you believed in the rule of law, #merrickgarland would already be on the bench. Gorsuch rudeness to Klobuchar clarified his views for me.
make sure you mention that to the tyrant in the White House...
another fact - you're a joke.
do then Gorsuch should be denied. And comrade Trump removed from office. #Russiagate
we can't count on a pick from a compromised, potentially treasonous president, as being truly independent
Garland believes in the rule of law & an independent judiciary is 1 key to it.Y didn't @SenateGOP follow the constitution?
It was precedent set by Biden and Schumer before Garland was ever nominated. Look it up.
NO to Gorsuch.
The @GOP is CORRUPT. #trumprussia
INDICT Tillerson Pence Sessions McConnell Chao Nunes for COLLUSION/GRAFT
#RESIST
Words don't mean anything!
no no bo no no money out of government !!!!!! money out of government !!!!!! money out of government !!!!!!
great, Merrick Garland  believes the same thing and was nominated first. I agree, let's get him in there.
thus when we have GOP lame duck pres you will support his #SCOTUS nominee? of course you will.
the law states sitting President will pick the nominee. Adhere to the Constitution this time 2.
Rule of hypocrisy and self dealing. Vote on Garland first!
26 followers and a troll show the stupidity of this statement.
he's believes in big business winning not the little guy
can we believe you-Trump is very fond of alternate facts - are you
, maybe the BEST JUDGE EVER! 
Trump nominated you. His judgement is questionable as long as he is under investigation. Think Flynn.
republicans believe in the rule of money nothing else
Trolls with 10 followers believe in division, nothing else.
You Believe in the Law Why So Quiet About This? Pretend it's the Democrats #trumprussia #treason
they should do hearings under oath & in public otherwise it's worthless.
I believe in Rule of Corporations: "If a Truck Driver freezes to Death & the Corporation saves a few bucks, it's great!" Judge Neil Gorsuch
does Gorsuch have any ties to Russia??
Get Judge Gorsuch through or risk losing Senate.
@senorrinhatch @GorsuchFacts when will Garland get an up or down vote? Hypocrites
So why did you stonewall Merrick Garland? @SenateDems @washingtonpost
Growing up in South Brown v Bd Ed not popular. Thank God for #SCOTUS helped cure our ignorance. Need more Gorsuch.
democrats know that THE great justices come from both sides and for 200 yrs protected OUR freedoms. Gorsuch Rocks!
#filibuster Corporations are not people!
If Gorsuch had ANY INTEGRITY he would step back from nomination until #trumprussia is investigated. 
#RESISTANCE
You believe that corporation are people!
NO!
@senorrinhatch @GorsuchFacts no vote until Trump TREASON is a resolved
@GorsuchFactst the people would like to see Merrick Garland instead.
Then why does this republican fucktard dodge questions asked of him?
Sure, until you get on the court!
@ohiogop @GorsuchFacts how did approving the mentally ill to obtain guns go?? SHAME ON YOU #cincinatti
Sounds like a very nice platitude #TheResistance
How about independent commission to investigate  #Trump et al treasonous activities? #russiagate #NunesMustResign
Who would you support as the next USSCT nominee?
Drop the bomb,think of the lives you could be saving.
NO NOMINATIONS UNTIL THE FBI INVESTIGATION OF THE POTUS IS COMPLETE...NONE!
what do think of new Hampshire satille air
He looks like a door-to-door salesman. I don't need a new vacuum.
Fake news!
Time for you to NOT approve anyone Trump asks for. #TrumpRussiaCollusion  Putin is running our White House!
Why vote for a justice in last year of Trumps Presidency. You didn't even have a hearing in Obama last year.
do you believe lying under oath is perjury?
he also believes in answering questions by not answering them, and stealing a seat from #MerrickGarland
Better start listening to the people on this one too. We want someone that speaks for US-NOT big business. Failure!
@Trish061616 @GorsuchFacts Gorsuch must be in and all Liberal Judges must be removed from the bench at all costs!!!!!
too bad his words don't parallel his actions. VOTE NO ON GORSUCK
@Trish061616 @GorsuchFacts Sic em' Judge! #WETHEPEOPLE are with u!! You shut the singleminded Dems down! U came out on top #MAGA
Really? Are we to be impressed by this? Is this the work of a profoundly keen, erudite mind? Or is it simply an axiomatic soundbite?
He is as big a fake as donald
@senorrinhatch @GorsuchFacts Merrick Garland
@senorrinhatch @GorsuchFacts The problem is, Republicans and their nominees have no believability these days.
@senorrinhatch @GorsuchFacts I believe that we must stop your hearing and deal with Trump TREASON before anything
There's his problem with the loonie libs; neither of those things is what they want in a Justice...
"I believe Barack Obama was correct in nominating a Justice who should have been respected."
Garland, enough said!!
But your cases indictate you are NOT independent. Your bio shows you to have been heavily involved in politics.
GARLAND!
he is no independent. no vote til after trump/russia investigation is over.
Is that the rule of American law or the rule of Russian law? B/c you don't care abt #TrumpRussia.
@senorrinhatch @GorsuchFacts Vote no on Gorsuch. Garland did not get a fair chance. Until Trump is removed no justice seated
So why should we have a court packed with Republicans? Because Garland was nominated by a black man?
GET HIM CONFIRMED!! We need GOOD JUDGES!
#StandWithPP #StopRacism #EqualRightsFoeALL!
he's AWFUL! He's only for rich white males & that's not what America needs #WomensHealth #WomensRights #LGBTQrights
lies REPUBLICANS are noted  for lies
You abdicated your leadership when you refused hearings for Judge Garland. #WhatAboutGarland You had a moral obligation & failed!
@HouseGOP I believe that it should NOT be business as usual when the @POTUS is under federal investigation for TREASON! #TRAITOR
@Gorsuch believes in the rich the underserved be damned. His disrespect of congress says he thinks them irrelevant too not for us
He believes that corps are people & that women get jobs for maternity leave & then there's the freezing trucker.
If someone can show him the precedent. Otherwise, he needs a buggy ride back to 18th century to make a decision
Amen
you also believe in discrimination and corporations over people
#MerrickGarland
make sure this fine man is confirmed.
His past rulings and his book say everything we need to know about him. It's clear what his agendas and beliefs are.
we need to get rid of the niger on there.
Merrick Garland would have been the better choice. His seat was stolen. #NoGorsuch
sorry for your loss can't take it huh
nice. Russian egg troll. Bye!
Then why are you supporting the #LiarInChief?
Thank God. Let's get you in the SC bench---rule of law and constitution!
the protector of dark money Corporate American 's dark lord
PARTY POLITICS,  is not what "We the People" Voted for,  you were Elected to work and accomplish what "WE" want.
If need be nuke the dems!!
The law of firing truckers who didn't freeze to death for their Company
I believe in what goes around comes around #resist #blockgorsuch #blockgorsuck
Gorsuch will be our next Supreme Court Justice:) Great move for Americans
law and fats have nothing to do with feelings
 sure you do fascist
like you said if a judge likes every decision he makes he's probably not a good judge
So you say. But Gorsuch supports Big Business over the People and has religious bias. Too far right to sit on SC
It's a Yes for me 
Two words...Merrick Garland
two words go away
one word--- NO.
sure you do.
why do you think our forefathers, created such an open-ended Amendment. It was to prevent the unruly over-reach of government!
WE THE PEOPLE,  WILL BE HEARD! The 9TH PROTECTS OUR GOD-GIVEN RIGHT TO SELF-MEDICATE WITH CANNABIS. IF WE SO CHOOSE 2!
he believes in not thinking or applying common sense judgment to cases before him.  #FrozenTrucker #scotusunanimous
agreed
Apparently, the rule of CORPORATE law. 'Cause, y'know, corporations are people, too.  Did Romney pick him?
Why, then are the republicans so enthusiastic about you if you are so "independent?" Something is fishy.
But do you believe the president should be impeached? I do. Until that happens, get to the end of the line.
what I want 2 know is do u believe the leg branch rightfully neg to hold conf hearings for judge Merrick Garland?
Ditto Merrick Garland. A year ago you made a mockery of the Constitution and your solemn duty just to spite Obama.
I Believe In Our God given rights, reaffirm by the Constitution of the Constitutional Republic.
I believe God, like Santa and the Easter bunny, shouldn't be something that adults take seriously. Grow up, kid.
Merrick Garland.
How do you feel about independent investigations? asking for a friend. #Trumprussia #Treason
