Will you support the Automatic Gunfire Prevention Act so a massacre like this will never happen again?
http://wurdsfromtheburbs.blogspot.com/2015/10/another-mass-shooting-ho-hum.html …

Scum bag could care less about people. What a vile creature
U don’t go to church on EASTER who is your GOD Orin Hatch. Your kind with Stupid first names. U don’t care u never have & we can see u!
You liar u don’t care or u/w do something about guns before a tragedy like this not after. It’s your fault & others like u.It is about guns
God is calling you, Orrin Hatch, to buck the NRA and call for a BAN on assault rifles.
Thank you, sir. We also require reasonable legislation that regulates gun ownership. We'll be in touch. #VegasStrong
If you are so pro-life, how can you possibly justify NOT supporting gun control?  Are shooting victims not as important 2 U?  DO SOMETHING!
Orin is standing by you as long as you don't ask him to do anything that might actually help.
Try actually doing something about the the problem!
God stands with you but not Congress @GOP
.@SenOrrinHatch Thoughts & Prayers only matter if you act. You're a Senator, do something about it! #GunControlNow #gunsense #guncontrol
Everyone chants gun control gun control, NO ONE sites what gun control do you want? What would have worked to stop this? Bump stocks I agree
Have a national standard for who can buy what firearms. Patchwork of State laws makes any gun laws irrelevant when other states remain lax.
Where was god when that guy started shooting. Would have been nice of him to save the good people and made the guys gun explode in his face
He didn't take NRA money. Most of the GOP did.
How large a bribe does the NRA pay you each year to do their bidding?
Stand by the safely of all American and ban manufacture, sale and posseison of rapid fire and automatic weapons & ban gun shows NOW!!!
Pretty sure God wants less guns, but hey, the NRA & GOP might think they are big enough to be god...
You also stand by the @NRA 
Just sayin.
How about action? Pry your balls out of NRA grip and do something! Gun control is a matter of public safety. #GunContolNow #VegasStrong
We also mourn this terrible tragedy but instead of just talking about it why not propose legislation preventing large purchases of firearms?
Pay tribute by passing gun control laws preventing terrorist attacks! God isn’t doing anything. #utpol
God expects us to use our agency to DO something. USE YOUR INFLUENCE. Praying will NOT take guns out of the hands of bad people.
OMG!  Enough prayers!!!  God helps those who HELP THEMSELVES! #guncontrol
If God didn't do anything after children were slaughtered... he isn't going to do anything now.
We need to do something. Prayers are nothing
That's nice. Now how about tearing up #HR367 & not allowing citizens the use of silencers & armor-piercing ammo? #DOSOMETHINGMEANINGFUL
Faith without works is dead.
The time for thoughts and prayers is over. Words mean nothing. You have a unique power to actually do something about it. So do it!
How about legislation aiming to prevent these atrocities. Yours and your colleagues word ring hollow until you take action.
What Legislation? Never have any suggestions that would have helped stop this... Quit talking points give feedback. Stop bump stocks Agreed
Stand by them and future potential victims by doing your duty and passing legislation against assault weapons.
That is thoughtful and kind. Please also support common sense gun reform.
Nice words Senator but the time has come to shut down the ridiculous and dangerous gun culture in our country. No one needs a machine gun.
If you stand by then where is the NRA in your pocket??
You can almost see the NRA moving its lips as he speaks. #NRAPuppet #GunLawsNow
Do something about gun control!
Is now a good time to discuss gun control yet?
Keep your religious nonsense to yourself.
You don't get to stand at your pulpit and offer prayers while cashing checks from the NRA!! Enough!!!

The Congress that let the Childrens Health Insurance Program lapse are as guilty of murder as the perpetrator of the #LasVegasShooting
Will god make you pass gun control laws ?  I think not.  Pathetic....
Your words are meaningless Hatch you party created this mess
Lets ask this majority and leaders who wave guns on national stages MCCONNELL + Why they haven't moved and refuse to protect our people
Actually do something about it then.

#SendBackTheBloodMoney #NoSilencers. It is better if we can hear the shots so we know where to run to stay alive
Your words ring hollow.  How about voting for a ban on assault weapons to show you really care?
So pass stronger legislation-actions speak louder than words!
.@senorrinhatch so far God and prayers are doing nothing to stop the 273 mass shootings in the US in the last 275 days. DO SOMETHING!
God is watching and she's praying for gun control legislation
God's not helping the republican politicians. 
  You vote for death for Millions of the rest of us.  And love the $$ from your donors.
BTW AUTOMATIC ASSAULT WEAPONS do NOT belong on ANY STREET for ANY REASON other than to KILL HUMAN Beings .... GET IT? #resist #traitortRUMP
good man #prayforVegas
God helps those that help themselves. Gun laws now!

Absolutely meaningless based on your record for gun reform.
You voted against the 2013 Assault Weapons Ban! See the mistake in your stance & vote against laws that'll prevent these tragedies!
Your words are hollow and disingenuous until you make gun ownership illegal!
Never going to happen, not ever so come with something that would help?
You stand by them while they are being buried
How about doing something about it?
Let’s do something for gun control, enough is enough, make a change for the better!
How much money has the NRA donated to your campaigns????
Thanks to your laws this maniac had a stockpile of weapons! Do something.
Prayers won't help - gun control will . Act and do your job for once
Why don't U, @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP stand up against the @NRA & STOP THE MASS SHOOTINGS. NO on SILENCERS. #GunControlNow. No more DEATHS
How about real gun changes. Handgun for protection & a rifle for hunting. These automatic guns have to be gone. Thank You
God sat this one out.  Just like all the rest.  As he will continue to do to highlight your #sins.
Words words words. They mean nothing.
CONTROL GUNS, NOT WOMEN!
#GunControlNow #LasVegas #ControlGunsNotWomen

God expects you to act. #wakeupcongress #LasVegasStrong
There is no god. If there were, he would take out the NRA.
Always damn the NRA, NRA us only there to ensure our 2A rights  to own guns and bear arms is safe and upheld! The 2A is not going anywhere
Shame on u 4 voting NO on: background s 4 online, gun shows&private sales AND on denying guns to terrorists on lists. U s/b apologizing.
Is this Groundhog Day? #wherehaveiheardthisbefore
#BanAssaultWeapons
Stand by them by passing meaningful gun reform
Then do something useful about gun violence.
You’re ill Senator Hatch.
If you stood with them, you would actually do something about guns in this country. So shove it. How much $ did you get from @NRA #lasvegas
God don't help much clearly. Maybe you could grow a conscious or a set and vote what the people want. Gun control.
How much money have you taken from the NRA? Guess they need God as congress doesn't stand by them. #endthecarnage
How bout u stand up and do something
#GunContolNow
God said something about melting down guns to me earlier? He asks that YOU stand up with him. Unarmed. #MAGA
And America asks God for YOU to stand up AGAINST the NRA and let CONGRESS run the country, not lobbyists.
Less thoughts and prayers, more gun laws.
How much did you receive in donations from the NRA?
What are you going to do about it to make sure it doesn’t happen again @senorrinhatch ?
Then pass responsible gun legislation 2 aid in prevention of future massacres. Ban assault weapons for civilians; bk-grnd cks; X-silencers.
We're not interested in your thoughts and prayers. We're interested in you passing gun control legislation. When will enough be enough?
Yes prayers R needed. I also pray that GOP stand up 2 NRA & pass common sense gun laws. Unless U R in military U don't need semi automatics.
Prayers and god will do nothing.

You "stand by" all right, while people are slaughtered and you shill for the NRA. #BanAssaultWeapons NOW. #DoYourJob

And pass laws that prevent this!!
Hatch has blood on his hands.  He is an NRA shill. There is a special place in the Telestial kingdom for him where he will be shoveling shit
They don't need you to summon God, they need you to #doyourjob
Excellent
GOP logic, guns dont kill. we can rest easy now, 4get about n korea having nukes. nukes dont kill, people kill. i will sleep better. #XAF
N other words, you won't do a thing about it to make sure this can be prevented. The next massacre's blood is on your hands, as is this one.
why even have a government? Let's all just pray.
Hey do you actually plan on doing something about this tragedy legislatively or just give empty platitudes?
How about some smart gun laws to back up God?
With all due respect Senator, I don't think this is enough.
Then DO something about it.
Stand by us by banning assault weapons.
what does that even mean? Does asking God to do something absolve you from doing something? Is it God's will to own guns?
Really show how you stand by Americans by standing up for rational gun control.
