Excellent. Anything 0bama & clintard did,designating millions of acres as fed lands, ought be reviewed carefully. Sovereignty & specialness
Sure, let's just sell it off for oil profits. Worked for our election, didn't it, @realDonaldTrump? #Rosneft #fraud #CasinoLaundry
No I dont support selling our ntnl landmarks or sacred indigenous places off for oil rights. I doubt @POTUS & team want that either.CkItOut
Obama & Clinton did not designate federal lands. BO converted already federal land as national monuments.
I know the story. If you're fine w Feds owning 1 out of every 3 acres of USA, that's your choice. I'm for smaller Govt. State's rights.
So they didn't designate millions of acres as fed lands. That was bullshit right? You talked like Obama stole it.
And "States' rights" don't have anything to do with it. Constitution does not say "Fed govt can only own X acres."
I disagree, Diogenes. And it's a done deal now, bravo @realDonaldTrump 
monuments to white supremacy are not "history and culture"
One is a monument to a while supremacy group from Jim Crow era, rest are Confederate. Get your facts straight.
Too bad he can't come help in New Orleans as our monuments are taken down
Your racist monuments need to come down. It's not 1860.
I'm not Jewish so all the holocaust stuff should be removed, .....
Another old white racist...
No you don't ask people about their voice
How long before @realDonaldTrump starts planning Trump Grand Canyon Country Club? #SaveOurParks
Trump wants to be able to drill for oil or build hotels in our national parks. He has no rights to them, they need to stay protected.
Under the Antiquities Act of 1906-the President can not alter National Parks. Only Congress can alter National Parks.
Yes! I want 2 return control of our national monuments 2 oil companies & big bizzies! Can't wait! So lame that people want 2 conserve land!
That's the most embarrassing video I've seen since last time Sean Spicer tried to speak.
So if we say we don't want you to ruin wilderness areas, you'll listen?  We have a voice? Or does "people" mean logging companies, etc.?
Great job Sean awesome
Why have private corporations profit? How does that help the People? All coal/gas/minerals/oil should go to the People at COST.
The public did have a voice, that's why these areas were created. Trump robbing the public.
You mean so corporations have a voice. Stop assuming everyone is as foolish as those that voted for DT. Thank Melissa for your device BTW.
Wait, what??
That statement makes NO sense.  You have a cabinet that only sees their own portfolios.
"To make sure [the people who voted for us and not the majority who didn't] have a voice." The majority want to protect public land.
You mean "rich mining conglomerates" not "people."
Anything to eliminate the legacy of president Obama. When are you guys going to create your own legacy? Or will you be known as the no admin
This will be known as the Administration of YUGE Failure! 100 days of nonstop nepotism, lies, collusion, & emoluments violations. #PoorUSA
But I have a big brain. I also know more than the generals. 
Really ?....it sounds like they are just checking to if there is way to fuck us....and let the 1% make billions more...Leave the Parks alone
How so? You mean she got paid $240K for an appearance, same as Larry the Cable Guy? Trump got $1.3mill/speech.
@TommyVape got his account closed....sounds like Troll removal to me...
I have a voice.  Leave the national monuments alone. Let the American people enjoy our parks without oil, gas or mineral companies there.
Despicable. Simply unforgivable. Destroy our nations treasures in pursuit of $$$.
What Trump’s Tax Proposal Will Cost - The New York Times https://nyti.ms/2pnIRF1 
What a joke. "The People" want their parks and their monuments. What's the option? A possible angle for a @GOP scam. any angle! It's sick.
You obviously didn't watch the press release and are listening to CNN!
You mean which ones can be privatized/raped/pillaged... check
I can see Trump trying to put a Trump Hotel on a privatized National Park.
How many Trump hotel's will fit in the Grand Canyon?
Why'd you get blocked?
Trump, being so childish & jealous of Obama, is looking to repeal national monument status granted by Obama. Trump apparently hates America.
Trump hates Obama.  That's why he is destroying everything good Obama did.
Most of America is thanking God for the ninth circuit right now. Long live the three branches of government.
Most of the nation are horrified that we have a tweeting deranged orangutan with no knowledge of the Constitution as president!!! 
Women have a voice, we have Ivanka!
Please itemize her qualifications for her yet undefined "job"
Has experience making deals w/shady "investors" from totalitarian countries. See Azerbaijan.
True that!! And it's SO what needs in the WH!  Another colluder!

Calling bullshit here. Your Kook Brothers and Exxon creeps wanna drill. #lockthemup
The people are screaming, you're a monster!
The people meaning mining and oil companies. I certainly won't have a say because I'm just a lowly citizen with no profit margin at stake
Everything is about corporations making more $ with this administration. CORRUPT!!
He said he'd run it like a business. Thats a bad idea but people who know nothing about either business or govt were too ignorant to know.
Yep, and now we all suffer for their ignorance.
Corporations are not people.
According to the supreme court they are, they just don't have to pay taxes like us people
I hope this whole administration chokes on broken, bloody dicks. AIDS dicks. On fire.
He won't quit until the USA is unrecognizable.   Thank you to you who elected this malignant narcissist...see how great he is making America
Let's remove Trumpery golf courses! And save some tax payer money
As @WhiteHouse tries to distract from #TrumpRussia, they just dig deeper. Americans deserve truth & nothing less. 
Tear them all down, right? Like ISIS & the Taliban. A waste of truly commercial property-maybe another failed casino for Donnie
Boy, a real pressing issue. Trump wanna steal some more children's lunches and stop med care for their moms, let's "make America wait again"
Keep his tiny little hand off our national treasures.
Stop lying
Drill baby drill...& then put some hotels on them. NICE.  Trump penthouse right at the top. What's wrong w/ you people? Zinke's a sell out.
Just worry the states will not@properly protect them
Still not going to quit robbing people of their grazing rights.
Can the BLM.
Oh so they can be sold to developers or mine owners?  You are a mouthpiece for ecological doom.
@realDonaldTrump NOT GOING TO FORGET - STAND BY -
You mean the rich, that want to steal our natural resouces can use their money to take these lands for their own. Crooks
So...is the Post real news today and not fake news? Y'all seem to change your definition on this every day.
The people are overwhelmingly telling him not to do this, you historical revisionist hack.
The people want to keep their national monuments.  You must be referring to mining & drilling operations.  @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake
And Trump will try to sell them in order to allow corporations to make more money and Americans to have less. What is wrong with you people?
Idiot.
And by "people" you mean the oil industry.
Is there nothing you POS won't destroy?
#Puh-Leeds!
"MADE FOR TV BY TRUMPO ROBO READER" @foxnewspolitics @CNNPolitics @NBCPolitics @ABCPolitics @CBSPolitics @POLITICOMag @HuffPostPol
In other words @realDonaldTrump wants to allow Mining Forest Cutting Oil Drilling etc. on America's virgin lands to benefit the wealthy
by people you mean rich executives whowant the land to gain even moreprofits regardless of theenvironment. #claify
Bull shit. Republiscum and trumpsky do NOTHING-ever-FOR the benefit of the people.  Republiscum's creed:  do MORE harm.
Yep, we will need to get that soft wood from somewhere ..get the (US-built) dozer & let's flatten some peaks and fill in some canyons @potus
You're confusing the word people with Corporations, you are on the side of the CEO's and we all know it. We see through your antics.
Put the American flag on everyone of them!!!!
POTUS said big things will happen there.  What is not happening now that will start? local input but federal control keeps local poaching
You don't want people to have a voice and you know it!! Stop trying to destroy America!
https://democrats-oversight.house.gov/attachment-documents-relating-to-bears-ears-designation … People had a voice. This is a farce.
No! It's so corps can rape & destroy the land by drilling for dirty antiquated fossil fuels!
We the people want our monuments. Conservatives & liberals alike want to hike, camp, fish etc. No drilling!
Asses! Protections ensure the land IS for the people!  You're ALL horrible, greedy, dirty-air & polluted-water causing excuses for humans.
Why don't you jerks just say you want to drill on the land.
This is what dictators do destroy land & historic spaces to resurrect their mad dreams and then the world will forever laugh at them for it
Sean you never answer anything- why do you even try! and you support and defend an grossly incompetent, lying, vindictive man!
My voice says protect protect protect. No oil exploration, gas drilling, fracking, water selling, or pipelines ... EVER into perpetuity!
I'm not sure the administration can do anything about them, or rather... I AM sure Federal Judges will be there to issue restraining orders.
Leave them as they are. Limit business encroachment, preserve for future generations.
very sad what the present administration is wanting to do to our national park system they have no respect them
Are we trading our land to Russia now? Anything for money. That's the WH motto right now. Money in their pockets, screw the rest of us.
Great so developers can strip mine & pollute OUR land all in the name of progress huh! FOOL! Backward thinking typical of u & trump
Is the review based on how much  $ was given to the trump campaign?
4/to something beautiful, something beautiful in itself, now stands. Of course POTUS wouldn't know b/c of that blind trust, except for his
5/continuing business contact with @EricTrump, which Eric recently disclosed (big surprise, I know), but those don't count because, um, er..
3/and because of the (wink) blind trust, it's even possible a tower with the name "TRUMP" emblazoned on it may one day rise where a monument
2/People need to start calling, talking, tweeting if you want to save monuments or yuge amounts of public land, soon to be sold,
1/Will someone from the press please ask @PressSec if sale of those lands is attempt to make up for deficit from corp. tax cut, wall, etc.
Looking to sell them are you??
Yes, the last thing Gov't should do is step in to ensure millions of beautiful acres of undeveloped public land remain public, undeveloped.
@seanspicer  @POTUS  @realDonaldTrump  @VP  @KellyannePolls  Come on guys, QUIT hiring the ENEMY! FIRE HER!
The mining companies & oil companies should have NO voice, if that's what you meant by "people".

What u mean is you are reviewing any National Monuments that might be exploited for mineral wealth - that's all you care about.
Does this administration have nothing else to do? Are there no pressing issues that need immediate attention? SMH
Is this about that racist monument removed in the state of @louisiana?  We get the code Spicy.
That great battle..where white people tried to kill a bunch of black people in the dead of night.
yes..let's assure folks we are reviewing other monuments dedicated to racial oppression and hope to add them back to the save list shortly.
that's what you said..in Right wing speak?  yes?
Christ Spicer..the bad guys were called "the White League" in Louisiana
Humans who intend to inhabit a nice place at the end of days tear down this kind of shit.
Wtf Shawn
This administration just can't wait to put up oil rigs, fracking, and gas lines in our national parks.  Way to drain the swamp!
They didn't fire you yet
Maybe instead of that, he should do some real work!
In face of the crisis we have here & in the world -You have nothing else to do but look at national monuments? Pulling for straws politics!
@realdonaldtrump Bet Donnie can build some nice resorts and golf courses on some of these. Just imagine the breath taking views they have!
Wow all time low just when you thought you guys couldn't get dirtier
Hey #snowflakes going for more minerals extraction, are u? Not making enough from underfunding Parks, EPA, & ur indiscriminate deregulation?
DISGUSTING. TRUMP IS TRYING TO RAPE AMERICA !  THESE ARE MY NATIONAL MONUMENTS! ONCE RAPED THEY ARE NOT THE SAME

"By the people" - I don't think you know what this really means.
A voice in what, which ones to drill?  We oppose any attempts to rape those national parks to pad your regime's pockets!
National belong to all of us. What people? Coal, oil??
... and when you say "people" you mean corporations
SEAN....AMERICANS DON'T WANT NATIONAL MONUMENTS TURNED INTO MINING AREAS, HAVE PIPELINES, OR BUILD TRUMP SKYSCRAPERS. UN-AMERICAN
You people area ll idiots who have no idea what you are doing.
This is insane!!!! Leave the monuments alone!
trump tearing down protections of natioal monuments, forests,  and environmental enforcement agency: poisoning our rivers: GOP says nothing
This is an atrocity! trump is doing this so his big money boys can gist their drilling and mining contracts without any obstruction! LOSER!!
@POTUS @VP @PressSec @SecretaryZinke @washingtonpost            Make Mt. Mckinley, Mt. Mckinley  again!!!!
What the hell are you talking about?  Talk about Left Field...
16 million kids go hungry in USA each year, but let's look at monuments to make sure people have a voice. #priorities
Just leave our Nat'l Parks Alone!
We were happy until you guys showed up & set to destroying democracy.
#fudt
#100days #100daysofshame
Bring all confederacy monuments down.
Good god.. at least leave the Ntl. parks for the next generations although without clean air or water, it won't matter.  Do you have a soul?
Great!
@POTUS I believe the price of national park entrance fees should be lowered to allow less fortunate citizens to visit.
@realDonaldTrump @potus WE WON'T BE DISTRACTED!!!! #RUSSIAGATE #RESIST #TheResistance @CNNPolitics @nytimes @FBI
Why is Spicer tweeting.  Really. Spicer the Licer
#bullshit
We had NO voice. We're locked out of OUR lands unless WE can WALK. Doesn't help my crippled son. Just a land grab to keep WE the People out
Right, this joke wants to roll the country BACK in time. Isn't there anything more important? Like the war in North Korea trump created.
And than the old Geezer @realDonaldTrump will sign an executive order #ImpeachTrump #DoNothingPresident #TrumpRussia  #TheResistance
To magnify the voices that are saying what he wants to hear.
that's great! The Antiquities Act has certainly been treading on me
You misspoke-this is to give oil companies a voice.
I see why Don gave his paycheck to Ryan so now Ryan can give Don land for oil companies you ppl can't fool everyone! Dickwades!
Sean "Shitshow" Spicer - kinda has a nice ring to it, huh?
#shitshowSpicer
Why 1996? There's an angle here...
And I assume the people who's voices will be heard will be oil/gas/mining/logging types.
HANDS OFF OUR MONUMENTS! If damaged or destroyed they can never be replaced. PRICELESS
We The People Always Have a Voice...
So they can sell those lands to private companies for drilling, logging and other destructive policies SAD! #notmypresident
The voice of corporation who want to deface the national monuments you mean. It's all about 
LEAVE THEM ALONE. That is my voice. Your buddies can mine and drill elsewhere. Or join the 21st century.
Spicey, you cannot, seriously, believe the things you are being asked to do and say.  Have some pride man and get out now
So the big picture here is what?
Americas monuments are not for sale or for drilling!! Enough already!!
Meanwhile something else you DON'T want to talk about is the lack of vetting for Flynn.  I DEMAND you keep us informed!
Saving our lands doesn't need a review
The people say leave our national monuments and natural wonders alone A-holes.
No, I WANT MOTHER EARTH TO HAVE A VOICE. NO DRILLING.
You mean to tell me that one guy is going to be representative of ALL the people? #Trump #Politics #utpol
.@SecretaryZinke to review more than 2 dozen national monuments ‘to make sure people have a voice’ @washingtonpost  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/energy-environment/wp/2017/04/25/zinke-to-review-large-national-monuments-created-since-1996-to-make-sure-the-people-have-a-voice/?utm_term=.76cad678f6f0 …
"People?" Oh! You meant CORPORATIONS! 
#OverturnCitizensUnited
You are trying to privatize public land. Plain and simple.
Rich oil people?
THE VOICE IS LEAVE OUR PARKS ALONE. Leave monuments alone Leave something for our children.
Someone tell me how a professional fucking communicator can't come up with a better justification than "to make sure people have a voice"
How about the voices of those opposing the removal of the historical monuments in New Orleans.
@eilperin   So he can sell them to Exxon? Can't wait to see Mike Flynn's vetting documents. 
You mean "certain" people have a voice. So ridiculous. Stunts like this are why you are inventing accomplishments today. Focus.
Save Our History Sean. Taking down monuments doesn't help a thing. Less we forget!
so are we going to vote on it, otherwise that's the stupiest thing I've ever heard
there u go lying again
