We know you are so senile your aides run the show. RETIRE ALREADY! WE DESERVE BETTER!
And this right here is exactly why I finally ended my party association. Both parties do a lot of the same idioticbcral and then point
Fingers at it or something completely unrelated to get mud on the others face. When do you idiots gather around a fire and hit reset on
The damn political disaster that basically focuses on politicians and not We The Dam People
Time to have open bipartisan mtgs to hash out plan that doesn't take away coverage, tax certain ppl, & give tax break to richest in US.
This is not true. There were months of open door meeting with Republicans and websites where public citizens could make comments. I REMEMBER
ALTERNATIVE FACTS.

The whole two wrongs make a right philosophy. Solid ground, senator. Solid ground.
How many hearing did the ACA get? 100. How many GOP amendments? 160. Stop justifying your bad process with lies.
And so it's ok for you to do the same?  Wth?
Retire, old man.
The closed door Obamacare process wasn't supposed to be the "how to" manual for the Republicans.
Closed door?
Are you seriously unaware of that quote?
Hmm....yes. I never heard it!
OK so I've looked it up. It was taken out of context, by none other than Faux News, who pounced on just that part of the speech.
I was a little busy at that time, dying, without healthcare. ACA saved my life.
I'm glad ACA worked out for you.
Thanks. If ACHA passes as is, I will not be able to buy coverage, too many preexisting conditions Back to dying.
We had a month straight of hearings!  The only reason that Republicans don't like ACA is that they didn't enact it.
and you thought it was wrong
Stop hiding. As a constituent I demand to know what's in this legislation.
This is untrue. What a load of bs. As a voter in Utah I do not support this bill or the way @senorrinhatch is getting it done.
Not similar and you know it. What are you hiding?
The house vers had age tax on 60-65, cut coverage, gave tax break of over 100,000$ to richest Americans. Expect worse from Senate
Talk about fake news
Yeah eff their stupid 100 hearings!
There were hearings and amendments for ACA. For months. We all remember, and your tweet is pure misinformation. #ShowUsTheBill
You are posting this to acknowledge your own hypocrisy? What is your point?
It's disgraceful how you try to deceive your constituents. I remember the process of the ACA.
Remember those hearings???
Is misleading the public the purview of a #utpol now? Multiple hearings and 100+ amendments allowed for #Obamacare. You should be ashamed.
Even if you staffers for the old man are correct about "secret" ACA negotiations, that doesn't make it right for the GOP to do the same BS
Your dementia is getting worse. Obamacare took months & they held hearings and they let everyone read the Bill.
Can't believe you think we are this gullible. We SEE you. You are lying. It's time to retire.
Can you not think of your constituents before your party?!  What is wrong with you? Senile? TIME TO LEAVE SENATE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@senorrinhatch could you please go a day with out lying through your teeth? You only care about you and your sponsors.
"Reminder that Trump admin is actively sabotaging ACA exchanges so they can cut taxes for wealthiest by $800 bn" @chrislhayes
Must Read: Senator Orrin Hatch R-Ut looses his seat in the 2018 election! He blames it all on healthcare! Imagine that....
@OrrinHatch Ask your interns to explain the ACA vs AHCA bills and how democracy is dying behind closed doors.
Wrong. Gang of Six ring a bell? Public hearings? Republican amendments? Your hypocrisy and outright dishonesty will not be forgotten.
That's a pathetic lie. There were hearings for a year. You had input. And you could read the bill.
#PantsOnFire #ShowUsTheBill #HoldTheFloor
How about focusing on today? #downthehatch
This is a time for senators to step up and work with other side, as POTUS is dividing country.
They held hearings
Willful ignorance: ACA had 100's hours PUBLIC HEARINGS, 160 GOP amendments, then hours debate Senate floor. Anyone telling truth anymore?
How many wrongs until you make a right?
Cynical hypocrite
We aren't stupid sir. We were there for all of the hearings and amendments. You are purveying lies!!! @GOP  has become Shameful & dishonest
Isn't the point to take be better, not follow their bad behavior? Why are you using the Dems to justify your secrets, Gadianton?
FLASHBACK: ACA process included GOP amendments, like YOURS, months before passage! Oh for that kind of "closed" now.
Does this healthcare bill cover dementia, Orin?
The fact that not one Republican is out there telling the American public how good this bill is tells me everything I need to know.
lol no let's worry about what you're doing
FLASHBACK: here is your *own* website showing Dems gave you a vote on your proposed amendment to ACA. Stop lying!  https://www.hatch.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2009/12/hatch-introduces-amendment-to-reid-bill-to-eliminate-cuts-to-medicare-advantage …


#LiarLiar
When you were asked about hearings you looked totally lost and had to ask your staffer. Do you recall what a hearing is? Dementia!!
Lies and deflections. Why do you hate America and her people so much?
1. There were hearings unlike this bill. 2. Republicans controlled both houses then so why cry now? You are so sad.
Obamacare had 79 PUBLIC hearings.  #liar
Oh my god, now you're just flat out lying
Look, this was less than 10 years ago. We remember the process for ACA. We're NOT MORONS.
Do a compare and contrast on the legislative processes for the two bills. Please lead with the number of hearings held on each.
How many hearings over how many months? How many amendments accepted? You said last week you don't know what's in this bill!!!
If ONLY there were a Sen that could find his Mr. Smith Goes to DC courage and say, "I WILL DISCLOSE THE BILL IN THE NAME OF TRANSPARENCY"
OR:
HR Rprt 299 on how #ACA became law.
pp. 64-75: 100+ hearings, 120+ GOP amendm'ts adopted.
#obamacare #utpol
https://www.congress.gov/111/crpt/hrpt299/CRPT-111hrpt299-pt2.pdf …
Lol, no comparison at all between the ACA and this monstrosity, Senator.
Your actions do not set a good example for LDS persons or Utah. Your not being honest/fair in your daily dealings.
Sadden to see my senators not standing up for their values, Utah needs, and hiding from Utah residents
I beg to differ Senator. ACA had 100+ hearings
25 consecutive days & 160 hours of debate
300+ amendments, including 160+ from GOP!
You know what Senate offices could be doing instead of writing about the 2009 Obama admin? Scheduling hearings on the healthcare bill
a) not even remotely comparable, & b) even if it were comparable, you are saying that secrecy is awful. I agree. So #sharethebill!
Sept & Oct 2009, the Sen Fin Cmte worked on leg. for 8 days; longest markup in 2 decades. Considered > 130 amend & held 79 roll-call votes.
The full Senate debated the health care bill for **25 straight days** before passing it on Dec. 24, 2009.
But, please, do cite to out-of-context quotes from the SMJ McConnell's webpage for non-partisan talking points.
Real ? is, if Obamacare so bad and #AHCA so good, why hide it?  Doesn't it sell itself?
Or are your constituents, like your Native American constituents, unable to understand what it is your doing?
You are not #ProFamily, not #ProLife.  You, sir, are a #MerchantOfDeath.
"Local Senator Grows Increasingly Desperate to Defend Unprecedented Levels of Legislative Secrecy"
My God, your constituency must be made up of imbeciles.
One of my hero's Ted Kennedy always said what a good man you were ,He should see your lying and your greed
I'm sorry, can you cite your sources on this?
