"I've urged the President not to rescind #DACA... we need a permanent solution and that should come from Congress" https://www.hatch.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/releases?ID=F38D67A3-202A-43D6-8A55-825414374BE0 …
#enddaca these people are illegal and they aren't babies anymore! They've had time to become legal 

Why dont you ever care about the cost and crime that has resulted from these very policies? U swore an oath to represent your constituents
You really need to know the facts before you write something like this:
600,000 crimes committed against Texans by illegals and counting
And how many by U.S. born Texans? Idiot
having been in office since the 70s, do your job and get proper registration passed iaw the constitution! Stop fighting Trump
Cowardly position Orin.
Time for old man Hatch to not run for reelection..another Anti American  worker hack in favor of illegals at citizen expense
When in 30+yrs, aged, softened, gotten wimpy& (Xcuse crudity=for many>lowT has set in)& there's NO FIGHT left. Easy marks& donors mean more.
Bot
I have a great deal of respect for you, but this is the only way congress was going to finally address the problem.
Retire Rino!
You are kidding me @Utah. This is blatant support for violation of our sovereignty, constitutional law and republican form of government!!!!
You are all slapping the American people right in the face, I hope there are consequences for you all!!
Thank you, President Hatch.
HAHAHAH. yeah right.
If I would have known how you violated your oath and our trust, I would not have voted for you. When are you going to care about Americans.
Where were you when, O ignored the law? Do your damn jobs! You've had 8 yrs to sit in awe! U underestimate the silent majority? #TermLimits
You aren't the silent majority. Your orange king lost the popular vote and has a 34% approval rating.
but if you subtract the dead and illegal voters, voter fraud, etc, #s change drastically.. NY and Cali don't get to pick President alone
There has been no proof of large scale voter fraud. Yes NY and CA count towards the nationwide popular vote, because they are part of the US
2/2 Nope!, there's a lot of us,we just don't show our hands like you all do. We showed up and voted! If that Pissed you off, I don't care
You showed up and voted. And you were a minority of the total electorate. SAD! Facts are trump got crushed among the young. #fact
As an American, how would you like to be deported, I was as a citizen! Bite me Hatch, deport all of them. #Tweets4Trump
Thank you for taking a reasonable approach in opposition of POTUS's destructive policies.
As long as President Trump keeps the program active Congress won't act.  They want him to fail passage of a fix.
Do something 4American people.Do term limits.Would solve a bunch of problems.NO DREAMERs R not entitled 2 special treatment.
Thank you! We as a nation cannot do this...we just can't
Supremist all of you
Guess you better line up a hobby, because you're on your way OUT.  We voted Trump in for a reason, man.
Thank you @senorrinhatch for standing up for Utah families! #DefendDACA #utpol
He's standing up for cheap labor. Not families.
People with DACA have a work permit and many are college graduates. Not sure how that supports your "cheap labor" claim  #DefendDACA #UTpol
Illegal labor drives down wages. And if DACA recipients all have degrees, won't they be even MORE successful in their home countries?
This is the only country they know. They were brought here as children or even babies. They are home. 
No matter how many times you say that, they aren't. Their legal home is where they were born. They're here illegally. They need to go home.
I would check your definition of "legal home". I'd encourage you to meet ppl who are immigrants, hear their story, it makes a big difference
We aren't talking about legal immigrants. My wife is a legal immigrant. The people were discussing are here illegally.
DACA recips have poured billions into economy in taxes, spending and our filing fees. We just want a fighting chance at the #AmericanDream
Or maybe you got an education and experience to know how to go Make Central / South America Great Again! DUDE We'll be neighbors! (-;
Immigration reform is a dog wish for amnesty
They didn't commit the crime. Their parents brought them here.
If your parents steal $100k, you don't go to jail for their crimes.
you were quoted by @USATODAY
This is the establishment's modus operandi. Do nothing. Keep things the same, steal from taxpayers, fix Nothing!
Yes. B/c it will clear trump.
you were quoted in an article by @ABC
When POTUS cancels this unconstitutional EO you will have your chance to make law
Do your job don't leave it as an unconstitutional memo just want someone to blame instead of yourselves sitting on your ass pointing fingers
SCREW U
5 years ago an Illegal order was sent to DHS. Americans have paid not only in Excess Costs to Taxpayers but others had their Lives taken
The RAISE proposal is good.  5 yrs ago in 2012 this was done Illegally #EndDACA We have 1.6M American Kids Homeless Spend our Tax $ on these
Where is your workable solution for ACA, taxes, deregulations, energy, border wall etc. Worry about illegals after that list
A. The "DREAMers" are illegal immigrants  period ~ so sorry the law doesn't accommodate your feelings.
How about you hire Americans #dick
Guess the Constitution doesn't matter? It was unconstitutional so when Trump does things unconstitutional no one can say anything #DACA
we have a permanent legislative solution. 
Its called DEPORTATION for those who ignore the rules. 
OUR kids come first.
Retire already
Not good enough.
Praying for DACA! While they advocate to pray for one group of people while activity kicking another group out of the country!Heartbreaking!
If not end it will  1 term president
We already have an immigration process. Most of these 'kids' are 26yr old adults. Mexico has fine schools. #DACA
Why do you hate the American people and not support the Constitution? You do recall swearing to uphold and defend the Constitution?
You're very disappointing in your actions Senator. DACA should be terminated now
@senorrinhatch
Is Hatch saying the only "highly skilled" workers we have in this country are  from DACA?
The RINOS IN CONGRESS WANT TO "Kick" the can down the road so they can dont have to do anythingI
#EndDACA  the camel's nose under the tent. Greases the rails for DAPA amnesty leading to full blown illegal alien amnesty
Sounds presidential
Nice to see that you're preparing yourself to be President
Work with Dems and you'll probably be able to pull it off.  Regular order. Hearings. 60 votes.
4th in line soon to be #46
That you would represent illegal alien foreigners over what fed up American citizens want shows just who you are. Traitor...
DO NOT! I repeat DO NOT RE-ELECT this disgraceful RINO! The End.
HATCH IS A TRAITOR!
Why do you hate American children so much that you will give their dreams away to illegal, invading foreign children? #NODACA
People in Utah must be pretty gullible.....I guess conservative Orin hatch won't reappear again until 
He's up for reelection.
Are you excited to be president?
Why don't you just make them citizens. Then it's over.
Very presidential wink wink 
#EndDACA! Start putting citizens first for a change! @SenateMajLdr @senategop
Pass a law if that's what you want - don't depend on a dictatorial presidency.
You are part of the problem And not the solution!
You and your ilk will be replaced!
Traitor.
https://www.cbsnews.com/videos/gop-sen-orrin-hatch-obama-lacks-authority-on-immigration/ …

It was an unconstitutional act.  You said so remember?
start packing, you are done as a senator!
Thank you President Hatch!
Sounds presidential.
Wow, sounds like a national movement with 400 retweets. How about protecting the Mexican immigrants who didn't break any laws.
Wow, couple hundred Retweets. Sounds like a natu
Regarding "the coming months," I guess I'd have to wonder what you've been doing in the preceding months?
Your another backward thinking, lying, week kneed bigot Mr. Hatch. Another BS Lie to your voters. Where coming for your seat! MAGA
keep an illegal law in place until you clowns can do something what part of illegal do you not understand Hatch?
Trump ending the DACA EO does not stop you form putting a bill on the floor for a vote unless you don't want that record
Obama’s DACA is one of the programs 5th circuit ruled illegal and SCOTUS did not revive it. you want trump to enforce it
Build a wall and THEN we can talk.  NOTHING before  the wall is built.
So what have you been waiting for?
There is no high tech shortage just unemployed Americans thanks to sell outs like you!
I am high tech. My Indian boss and Indian cote plot to LOWER Position Qual so they can hire cheap Indians and fire Americans.
Citizens' live check to check, no DREAMS for law abiding American's children.
Yes,  have seen Marco's comprehensive video on this, and Senator Hatch's statement both 'right on'. tough, human, and fair.
Thank you, Senator Hatch, for being a voice of reason in Congress.
DACA is bad for American workers, it keeps wages low for corporations -- but destroys the middle class.
Congress will do anything for the Illegal criminals, not so much for ordinary Americans
time to primary this antI American R I N O
When did you start almost becoming  reasonable?
So sad to see you turn traitor like this.  I was clearly mistaken in thinking you were honorable.
Senator: I'm confused. You want to employers to have access to high skilled workers, but not low skilled ones?
2/won't that make it difficult for highly skilled Americans to get good jobs?
It's unconstitutional! Stop encouraging the breaking of the law you!
How far do you take "no fault of their own" excuse making? Through no fault of their own war in Sudan bring all sad Sudanese here?
I'm no longer a Repub, but if rumors are true, I'd be much more comfortable with Pres Hatch than #DarthOrange #ImpeachTrump
Senator Hatch is sounding quite presidential.
Congress already provided that solution: It's called current immigration law. The U.S. isn't a daycare 4 the world. #EndDACA
So pass legislation that maintains DACA. You could do it & with a veto proof margin, but you lack the will, heart and guts
Sounds Presidential...24 Aug Firefighter piglet sausage tweet aside.
People in their 20s and 30s are not children.  They need to go.  Under 18, I would consider some plan.
Hatch...Hatch... he used to be a politician or something right?
You would.  The Constitution never got in your way before.  Useless.
Sad when a sitting senator puts illegals first over Americans. And btw, Trump can't save the illegal #DACA EO. Texas et al will end it.
Shove your #amnesty where the sun don't shine. #EndDaca #DeportNow
bullshit, DACA has to end
You effing FOOL!
@potus POTUS promised on the campaign trail to END DACA & build the wall. End DACA now. Apply legally.
As millions of Americans have CONTINUALLY Told YOU, SECURE THE BORDERS!! #LAWandORDER #NoAmnesty
You should have been on Obama's team.
You were elected by citizens, time to put them first!
Resign and save us the work to replace you.
So do something senator!
Thanks 46!
Our best vehicle for securing our borders is Trump. Why would anyone want to come here when at any time @POTUS  could get them killed?
As shallow as always, vague promises to placate the base. Go after employers who use illegals to drive down wages and benefits, your base
"and the solution must come from congress" Agree 100% -- but of course, this is ten years or more later than it should have been.
He doesn't listen to his generals why would he listen to his congress
Grant them citizenship.  Done.
there is a legal way to come to this country. Our Constitution needs to be First and Foremost. You need to inforce laws!!!!
You seem to have no clue about immigration law and it is enforce, not inforce. Greetings from a legal, now naturalized, immigrant
We are not on the same side politically, but I will thank you for advocating for the Dreamers. Gives me hope we can all find common ground.
pull your heads out of your rectums! The VOTERS want it ENDED.We are tired of illegals first over tax paying CITIZENS. #POS
Thank you for supporting DACA
Don't be fooled, Sen. Hatch often talks about minorities disparagingly. He won't write a compassionate immigration policy.
It was unlawful to begin with.  How about we take care of our own.  Or do they not matter?
@POTUS  hasnt evn made a final decision @senorrinhatch on #DACA mayb try waiting until that happen b4 kissin voters butts? #LatinasforTrump
-I disagree, many have become violent protesters, disruptive, racist 2 whites, They are trying 2make USA a Global government.
Hey how about a compromise. Give DACA and get the wall. Or maybe get some budget concessions. Work it!!  Don't rollover for nothing!!
Show us the taxpayer cost of them being here versus home !
For me, very simply, it is a loss of great talent. Sen. Kennedy would support you on this. Very important statement.
Agree #EndDACA This 'great talent' goes back & Fixes Mexico's problems. 1.6 Million American kids are Homeless. Our Tax $ should go to these
He will rescind DACA because he is the meanest person on earth.
Hmm I actually agree w your statement 84121
Rescind.  And return yourself to globalist senders.
Hey, Office, please thank your boss for taking this stand.
#DACA is an unlawful act signed by Barrack H. Obama! He couldn't get the Democratic Control Congress 2 pass it! @POTUS  needs to rescind it
SimpsonMazzoli gave about 2 million amnesty and promised that would be it.  Gov never really enforced it or secured borders. Same w new law?
Unless all of gov is committed to following new law (when they haven't followed the old law for about 25-30yrs), why have any laws.
DACAkids are where they are, not because US is racist or xenophobic or hates immigrants, but because parents broke law&government let them.
...
Nurse arrested after refusing to draw blood: 'Somebody help me!' http://ti.me/2vRmffk  
One single sane voice. Please shout louder.
The President, what to say? 
This is major legislation. To sign an Executive Order making #DACA Kids US Citizen. Problem Solved!
You can tighten immigration laws, but these laws dont effect #DACA Kids #utpol Make them US Citizens. Problem solved.
Thank you!!!  #DefendDACA
Like you clowns fixed obamacare. Stop screwing the American people!
Hatch, just kissing up to the same people whom tomorrow will not vote for him and will still call him a Nazi. #EndDACA #RuleOfLaw
IF you let the dreamer's stay then their family stays so why not jst give them ALL Welfare like the Dems want? DUMB solution
What that sounds like to me is amnesty, free college and taxpayer funded support.
Thank you Senator Hatch for standing up for the Dreamers!
No we don't - Illegal is Illegal #EndDaca
#DefendDACA please and thank you 
So,YOUR OK with these"Illegals"taking jobs away from YOUR fellow Americans?That sort of thinking IS"Un-American."
Looking to pander for votes Orin? DACA is illegal there is no justification for renewal.
Bot
Nope, that's hilarious! Anyone who disagrees with you is a "bot" 
The law doesn't care about ANY of your feelings - they're illegal ~PERIOD
condoning illegsl a tions shows u support drug trade n slave trade n child slavery
u r condoning illegal immigration by allowing them to supersede the system with sympathy cards! Condoning causes more of it
illegal immigration is "illegal" get it doesnt matter if someone is using them as slaves to beat the system or patsies
It makes no sense to me. First Trumps wife is not from here second we all came to America thru are ancestors. Why put these people thru this
While you continue to carry Trump's water lets get one thing clear - Trump doesn't care what you think in the least.
All trump is doing is getting rid of an EO if you fee so strong about DACA put a bill up and vote on it run on it 2018
DACA was a EO if trump leaves that in place congress does not have to go on record and do anything you get a free pass
are these people citizens of the United States if they have been here that long?  If not, why not?
Please change to a democrat, you are confusing people!
It's freaking illegal legislation saving it is stupid as hell!!!!!!
pls support the durbin-graham lege that would protect #DREAMers + provide them a path to citizenship
Ryan- keep DACA congress has to fix Lied for now 9 years on Obama care and have done nothing and you will fix it joke
Wow you woke up and did something! This is what you woke up for ILLEGALS & their problems! NICE to know what you care about
Nope.
Now your willing to work, bunch of hypocrites GET SHIT DONE AND STOP ACTING LIKE F...ING CHILDREN Pissing me off
I am against any charity program our Gov forces onto all tax paying Americans.
Explain
Yes, we need a solution. And the solution is send them back, not reward them for illegally entering our country.
To hell with the GOP and their amnesty BS when they run in elections as anti-amnesty. #DACA is a slap in the face to the USA.
Thank you Senator for your support. I believe it is a tough issue that requires discussion because it isn't a simple fix. Thank you! #DACA
Great work, Senator Hatch!
