Dems luv it, let them keep it. Don't bail it out. Dual systems: Let insurance companies compete across state lines. Reform tort system too.
Bla bla u better fight hard for president or TRUMP VOTERS WILL MAKE YOU PAY FOR NOT FIGHTING BACK
Everyone needs insurance they can afford. We are all 1 bad illness or accident away from needing it.  WE pay for those w/o insurance
Time for a new party
Because you have such a great history of cooperation... #FireCorruptRepublicanCongress
Insurance companies must stop capping Doctor's fees doctors can't make a living if it's capped insurance should pay a % of docs fee
@GOP would NOT even be talking about Health Care if it wasn't for the #ACA courtesy of President Obama!! @GOP = DarkMoney whores
To many liars and cowards now among GOP congressman.   Go to 51 votes.
i bet all these ppl on obama care have the newest i phone,big screen tv etc. so yes @SenSanders its a right when the person makes it a right
Glad you're ready to stop beating dead horse. If you would have worked w/Dems & experts at the beginning, have a better bill that would pass
Drain swamp. You are not actually serious about helping Americans.
Crooked corrupt lying GOP.... Pulled a fast one on the American people 2 get our vote!! That won't happen again!!
How can you amend something if nobody knows what's in it?
It's hard to have Dems & many GOP come to table when you plot behind closed doors. #liars If you really mean this, bring it out in the open.
The Dems voted without reading the bill that's why we have this mess Dems only shout no discussion need closed doors
Pa-lease, this is not how you govern. Go away and leave the governing for the grown-ups.
DO YOUR JOB!
Right. All of your Twitter posts are deceptive and dishonorable. How can you live with yourselves? I know. You have no conscience.
Give us a bill with a better CBO score than ACA and postpone tax cuts until its proven to work.  Show us your not lying.
Repair not Replace!
You can't fix this mess so just Repeal and go back to HC 20 years ago
Dems won't ever work with you, they just want total control. They don't have America's best interests at heart
Would be nice if the GOP made something other than anti-Obama propaganda tweets now and then and called the ACA, the ACA-- and improved it.
Why didn't this go through committee and mark-ups first? Why the heck did y'all rush this? try to give a straight answer.
They refuse to answer questions because they are out of lies.
Seriously, I spend more time studying a recipe before cooking a meal than the @GOP spends on governing.
Nice. Make anything good lately?
A miso glazed cod dish!
Whaaaa? Got a link? That sounds awesome!
Per my son, it's a 10/10-
That looks so good. Thanks!
Dems had it in committee for 10 months IN THE OPEN! YOU wrote it in secret and wanted a vote with NO review!! #GOPCorruption

Senators, Repeal and Replace the ACA today. The President has given you momentum. Don’t squander it. Income tax… https://ifiwerepresidentiwould.wordpress.com/2017/07/27/senators-repeal-and-replace-the-aca-today-the-president-has-given-you-momentum-dont-squander-it-income-tax-replacement-and-a-balanced-budget-is-next-dont-lose-your-momentum/ …
Such bull Democrats had open session debated on the ACA and republicans got 162 amendmnts added to the ACA. So stop the lies
You are despicable and cowardly men, (the women are decent) too afraid to show this bill to Americans. Just horrible.
GOP plan will raise insurance cost by 1000% If you can pay that all your claims will be denied based on PREEXISTING GOP plan HURTS USA!
@SenateMajLdr you're known for your fake tears and false alarms #chickenlittle

Time for talk is over either get some action or admit defeat. I don't think you people want to repeal it.....
Lol. ACA went through 10 months of debate & hearings. A few days just doesn't cut it. Liars and charlatans - all of you.
Oh, that's so big of them to let the DEMS participate as well.
The Administration uses extortion!
If this plan is so great it should be your healthcare too. Shameful. Secret. Republicans.
Show us then work with them @JohnCornyn
Honorable men if they say their going to do something they lead by example and follow through that is just good leadership
and why are democrats not submitting amendments instead of grandstanding???...
If most Americans feel the same way I do the @SenateGOP better get something done on Obama Care, taxes, and boarder security!!
Can this Congress & White House be any more like the Keystone Cops, he shouldn't be President @RealDinaldTrump
7 years better way we worked 27 hours and we in congress r tired at over $200,000 year and crying this is hard all about those tax breaks
@SenateMajLdr has demonstrated incompetence! Ni Senators are finished! #Recall&Replace
Repukes answer is even worse
Lie upon lie upon lie. #sad
Praying daily for God to give you His Wisdom to do the very best for the American people. God bless you and keep you all.
GOP refused to fund the ACA & obstructed it from the very beginning! Now, after sabotaging it, they are using its struggles as an excuse.
Did Republicans propose honest amendments to Obamacare over the past 8 years? NOPE.
My insurance started going up when Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act and never stopped.  Repeal this first.
force insurance companies to participate in exchanges.  They don't participate they don't get to sell insurance in the UsA.
Okay I am liking the sound of working together. Now get a plan for US not trump not your agenda but for Americans who you work for afford

yours will not be better
What a joke...this procedure, on such a critical topic, is a disgrace to this once great nation. I am ashamed.
Lying conmen. What happened to Senators being statesmen? Founding fathers would be proud of you crooks looking out for special interests.
Our Senators & Representatives need to Have Obamacare ASAP!!!!! Demand Our so called Leaders have same healthcare as AMERICANS ARE required.
I never want to hear obamas name again!
It's very easy to dispute your bullshit.
We WILL NOT tire of pointing it out.

http://liars.live/2017/07/13/obamacare-passed-with-no-republican-votes-true/ …
Stop trying to blame your screw up on your older, more responsible sister. Mom never believed you. Neither do the American people.
What are we amending? Where is the bill?
Lies
@SenateMajLdr McConnell & #trump want to take away prexisting conditions, imagine almost 3/4 of Americans with illnesses not covered. #ACA





How surprised are #Trump supporters going to be when they find out their families are also going to lose Medicaid coverage. #ACA #MAGA @GOP

@SenateMajLdr @FoxNews @CNN @MSNBC Hard to submit an amendment when the Bill is available to read 1st. So when will it be available to read?
No ACA Repeal
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy Pence Ryan McConnell Kushner Sessions Devoss and
good grief. Leave those dems alone. They r not for the people but their purse. Get it together.Can't u c dem insane.
7 yrs of bulls&$t we trump voters will sit out 2018 there is no difference b/t Repubs & Dems  nothing but a bunch of phonies

I'm sure you will be receptive to amendments proposed by Democrats, women & people of color. That's why u had 13 white men write the bill.
IF @WorkingAmerica work like U - U will B on #Welfare, NO #Tax$ 4Ur LifeStyle , UNcountable VACATIONS! I had NO Vacation since 2,000! @POTUS
in a democracy, of course both parties would make amendments. You act as if it were special. Do you want a democracy?
SHAME on U ALL 4PUTTING a Combined Load of #WorkingAmerica=TaxPayers back! @GOP IDIOTS UNABLE 2lead ask @DNC 2put extra LOAD #TaxPayers? @VP
 Yes they lied & do they want to fix it ? Most are wonderful  to help but others PAID OFF
The politicians lies to American people! They are not doing their job that we the people pay their salary!
YOUR health care costs Americans over $35 billion a year! YOU pick from 200+ plans, options! WE pay 72% of YOUR premiums! And YOU screw US?
The GOP agenda is clear - and the Americans DO NOT WANT ANY PART OF IT.
well, it took you a long time to ask
you tried doing it with w2 white men meeting secretly the first time
Bullshit. The whole bill was subterfuge and not handled according to traditional hearings and process. You are gaslighting.
Dems are playing a game to beat the repubs in 2018, so either play the game or lose. Get your members together or they should resign.
Y does @SenateGOP continue to say obamacare can no longer work its a lie- The ins companies pulling out bc of diarray in Washington
https://www.wsj.com/amp/articles/insurers-warn-about-lack-of-coverage-mandate-in-senates-skinny-repeal-option-1501107799 …
Get government OUT of Healthcare!!
Also due to the lack of term limits, we the people will be paying your wages for the rest of your lives. And you still produce only gas!
Thanks to the lack of term limits, the bunch of you have forgotten you put your pants on the same way we do!
Premiums rose 58% under Bush & 33% under Obama yet u want 2 repeal, not expand, OCare. Why? What's this really about?
You fools will be looking for a job soon, if you don't get off your collective butts and do the people's business.
This is such fake news. Work to fix the ACA please. And fund it. Oh, and use the marketing budget for marketing, not trying to make it fail.
You have become the party of "do nothing", you promised repeal, do it.
Do your job and impeach Donald Trump.
I hope y'all are being honest here!
Sabotage the program; starve exchanges & subsidies of funding, close the call centers, claim it doesn't work, all to rob Medicaid. Genius!

Bullshit
You people all need to be removed from office ASAP. For the Nation's health. Would be nice if you all were prosecuted for lying. @cspanwj
It is noticeable that this tweet was not sent to ANY @TheDemocrats , @SenateDems ,@ChuckShumer , @ussenate, @dccc or any other @DNC
Complete bullshit
Stop killing the middle class with the Obamacare garbage - work something out.
Has one democrat put forth an amendment?
Someone needs to make the @GOP #Obamacare propaganda campaign paid for out of #ACA funding http://nym.ag/2eI6vsk  because Americans  ACA!
I saw your interview today on the transgender issue, I must say...
YOU GO BOY!!!
No, this is the GOP status quo because you bitched an moaned to allow insurance companies to continue to gouge the American ppl
The ACA was a bipartisan bill AND YOU KNOW IT. Revisionist history is a lie!
"Why nobody put ideas in our suggestion box? It right here!" #GOP
Hey John,
Thank you Senator Hatch for your sensible comments against #TransBan. 
@SenateGOP @senorrinhatch @JohnCornyn
Please do not support a bill that will kill millions. Loss of Planned Parenthood in one small Indiana town cost all.
Bunch of RINO's...get ready to be voted out!!! You didn't do what you told us you would!! Party's over!!
...since #GOP & #DEM depend on handouts for their healthcare, do lobbyists control #HC Bill & Pork Care amendments?
SPIN SPIN SPIN.  STOP THE SPIN, your partisan behavior is pitiful
Keep lining your immoral pockets GOP.
Repeal ocare or face us election time.
Not sure the problem you are having with Obamacare, but if the know what is wrong with it, they should try fixing it first and if it works
If you care about Americans, improve Obamacare instead of trying to repeal it without a plan!  And leave Planned Parenthood alone!
Well to Trump and perhaps McConnell, healthcare should be decided by the Republicans only it seems
You don't have the slightest clue what you are doing.
THINK ABOUT THIS.

While voting, GOP Whip was just caught on a hot mic admitting that they're forcing votes but have no clue what to do https://twitter.com/AmeliaFrappolli/status/890336226032668672 …
You're lying...AGAIN! You realize your constituents are watching & listening? Elections are coming up! 
You needed Pence for MTP. 88% of Americans don't want any version of BCRA or repeal. Why are you living in the past? Fix ACA in bipart way!
Would be crazy if they pass their healthcare and no doctor or hospital accepted it.
FIX the issues with the ACA!!! IT CAN BE DONE! If not, U R DONE AS A PARTY!!!!!!!!!!
Fix it...you are proposing to get rid of the one thing that could fix the markets!
The process of crafting the bill should have been open to Democrats, open to your constituents, & with full public input. Disgraceful.
Shouldn't need amendments with pork on a national heathcare bill disappointing
REPEAL
Skinny repeal: 16M lose coverage, 20% spike in premiums per CBO. It shouldn't be amended, just mocked. No wonder you want to keep it secret
Actually, even the skinny plan, takes us to back before Obamacare was put into play,  with the insurance companies making us pay what they
You lie!
Since you have no bill haven't figured out yet just what you're debating.
You all are Corrupt! You've lied and cheated to accomplish anything. You all are immoral.
Is there an actual bill?  That senators have read?  I thought not.
Here's an amendment:

This bill sucks.

because you all are trying to figure out what happens with the mandates??? U were on a hot mic.

Right....
So you're answer is to increase costs and kick people off their coverage? Got it
Really you are allowing Democrats to participate, how good of you, you OCB.
Nice job, bunch of liars! Exempt yourselves and leave the rest of us with this failing law. I loathe you people!

Lol you are a joke. ACA was bipartisan legislation passed after months of discussion across party lines. America sees you.

AMERICAN MEDICAL ASSOCIATION: Skinny bill "exacerbates the affordability problem that critics say they want to address" 
@GOP agenda is tax break for wealthy donors @HouseGOP
First thing you need to know is that Cornyn is a liar.
Now how about trying what all data says is best? Single payer, not-for-profit health care? Will your lobby owners permit that?
About time.  Get solutions forget party and get to work. Life and health care is a right Make it work
So dont try to fix it cause a democratic black president signature legislation. I guess youll will have last 8 yrs erased soon enough. #sad
STOP BASHING THE ACA/OBAMACARE! And then state "not just by democrats as well"
There was no public debate and no bill until yesterday.  You are basically lying.
They should really be able to see the bill before offering amendments. This is a smokescreen so you can say you offered. Shameful.
Haven't you guys got it "wired" by now?
You're a really bad liar John.
he ain't lying. dems can amend this one but GOP gonna pass a different one
True. McConnell has a Trojan horse. He's the real architect here, John's just his b!tch.
But he is absolute a liar. He's my Senator and every other word out of his mouth is an attempt to blame Dems for his party's inadequacies.
i'm daily amused at the stupid backwards bullshit he concocts to troll the twitterverse.
Not so fast, Senator:
Democrats say they won't offer any more amendments to GOP health-care bill, want to see Rs "skinny repeal" bill before they do anything else
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/07/21/us/health-care-amendments.html?smid=tw-nytimes&smtyp=cur …
Why should we vote Republican if you cannot successfully repeal Obamacare or cut our taxes? You are worse than Democrats!
Yea like you will accept anything they have to offer. You will kill every amendment they offer and then say they obstruct.
Now if republicans won't poo poo everything democrats suggest, we might get something that actually works. No tax breaks for the wealthy!
Then why is it still law? You've got to get a grip on the Democrats disguised as Republicans.
Fellow Conservatives.  It should come as no surprise the Left is outraged by everything! Stop arguing with them, and they go away!
This has nothing to do with helping Americans and everything to do about politics.  You are all greedy, selfish people out for yourselves.
