Dear God some people give me such hope:

REPORTER: What are you going to do?…
I voted Trump but we don't need to MAGA we just need to reaffirm that it IS.
No, it was not. Especially under the Muslim president administration. We needed a real leader and we have one now. America is great again.
We never had a Muslim president.  Which country are you thinking of?
And....someday we will!
Some day we will also be mature enough to have a POTUS who is an atheist as well.
@JoeNBC @Mikel_Jollett Americans are great but there is still much work to do for our nation. Big difference. #MAGA
None of the media driven narratives, none of the rhetoric, hyperbole, none of the identity politics can change who we are...
Lord forgive me for saying this, but this hurricane could be the best thing for us right now. Ppl are getting outside themselves again
We see Americans in need. Neighbors. Friends. Strangers. Not white, black, brown. The true strength of our country is on display
Hopefully, this can make us stop and think. Remember who we are and not let idiots and those with bad intentions chip away at out foundation
This man is still humble and so polite. Scared?
people in America never stopped being great. But our government did.
God bless you wonderful person.
Some of America is great some of the time. America also elected Trump and elected Arpaio 7 times. America also were Nazis in Charlottesville
And you have your looters, who will take advantage of this tragedy. I wonder if Trump now believes in the scientific method!!
I've always said @JonahNRO when we come together in times of catastrophes, and wars, we don't need no #TrumpTrain saying we AIN'T GREAT
Amen!
Used to be in Regean Era..has gone downhill,since with GWB CLINTON,OBAMA
It seemed more more great before Trump's era - seen the USA from abroad.
Thanks for sharing! That man exactly illustrates why America is already great!
This is the 'flyover territory' that voted for @RealDonaldTrump - not the coastal elites who voted for #CrookedHillary.
Well I don't think politics has anything to do with people helping people
No
This was the best quote in a week of great efforts throughout Houston
Then she has been chafing under restraint since 2008.
Make America Great Again by Impeaching and Removing POTUS for massive abuses of his office.
Maybe because we're under new management.
Jonah for an intelligent guy you’re a bore beating the same old drum. Suicide unemployed opioids- a wonderful world
America needs more Texas and less California.
@Mikel_Jollett Thank God for people willing to help. Getting here isn't easy right now, so this is no small thing. 
Thank you!
This type of spirit blows the theory of evolution away. "Only the strong survive."how would Darwin explain this spirit of love. God is love
Aren't you relieved you can say that once again thanks to November 2016?
Hooray for taking acts of heroism and making them about politics
Is it your position that America is not already great?
Couldn't just say that's awesome?  Had to politicize it?
And this why America is great
Amen.
The scene in Houston looked like Dunkirk, with a te smalbot
I have always believed it is pretty great.
Yes, America is already great. Thank you for loving and caring for others.
Yes it is
Until you reach Berkeley
When we can get the stupid government out of the way …
@Mikel_Jollett So is every other country in the world, if that's the metric.
This is why America is great
That's an angel
It's just our congressman and senators we have problems with. Voters are tired of cleaning up their mess.
God bless that man
Agreed.
Cheap shot
America is better & greater than its President.
Amazing....
Couldn't resist, could you?
You be safe fellow
B?C its the RIGHT thing to do whether its your next door neighbor or neighboring state, its what we do. Folks forget about that sometimes.
We can always be better but yes,
America for all its imperfections is the best country in the world!
You think
 yes it is, it never stopped being great!! 
God bless him, this is America!
Whenever there's a disaster anywhere in the world, Americans prove that over and over.
Always was. Always will be.  No one person can change that.
I love this man.
Getting greater again all the time! 
While I tend to agree with your sentiment, this subjective assertion is completely meaningless. Great = better = pride. I disagree.
I knew that!  Today we're all Texans.
Floods like this bring out fire ants, water moccasins and the finest human beings you'd ever want to meet.  #houstonflood
I have to wonder what the reporter is doing to help.
It never stopped being great.
Get the animals. Rescue the animals. Do not leave them behind.
So true, Jonah.  But way more so since 20 Jan 17!  #Liberty
we just have to get a few million more people on board to believe this
BAM!
Top man, top,top man :)
Wow. What a selfless man. Risking his life & his expensive boat to help strangers. True hero!
Always has been. Even when we stumbled.
Amen!
Has been  for 200+ years,
Watch out, now Trump will be motivated to tweet out some dirt about this rescuer.
@JoeNBC  Imagine how great it'll be once the former middle class gets their middle class lives back, which the D's + R's stole
Yeah, just wish you republican types would quit trying to disenfranchise good folks like these from voting.  Talk to your boys, @JonahNRO
I wish you Democratic types would quit trying to disenfranchise those who do vote by blocking attempts to combat voter fraud
Exactly 
Most of America is just like this. The media is the only ones trying to tell us we hate each other !!!
Now THERE is a true American hero, as opposed to our pussy president, who whines.
People in all countries are sometimes good, sometimes great, sometimes awful. America is not great. That's fairy tale BS.
Geez, mister, we get it. Give it a rest.
THATS AMERICA
That's what good people do.
I guess reporter is focused on the boat.He is still trying to figure out, if the black guy owns the boat or stole the boat to save lives.
Middle America is Great. The leftist fascist areas,not so much.
It was
And now trump is trying to destroy it
Why do you have to use this story to take a shot at Trump? You are obsessed with the hatred of the guy. Lighten up.
And NOT racist.
America has great, generous people. But America did not do a great job preparing for and mitigating for floods in this flood-prone area.
And, if Sandy recovery is any example, America won't give great longer-term assistance to the damaged and displaced.
The people saving lives are not protesting but good people.
America is great because America is good. We help people who need help. 

That's the part of America that @realDonaldTrump will never get.
Angels watch over and protect them all. The world is watching.  
These kinds of great citizens are helping all over our area..every race, Creed & political party.. nobody being rescued cares at all!
Hello
You Sir are a Hero!
You bet!
Amen
America has always been great!  America is great! Unfortunately Trump is trying to change that!
Wrong - Obama DID change that and Trump is trying to undo the tremendous damage.  You think Texans voted for Hitlary?
Thank you GOD for this kind brace man!
Thank you GOD for this kind BRAVE man!
But it can't rest on its laurels today is showing that it's not
Thank God for these great people!
Yup. It sure is.
We just need Trump to get out of the way.
You realize that you're criticizing the @PotUS these people voted for.  Obama, on the other hand, couldn't be bothered to stop playing golf.
Hero
Double like
This is what a hero looks like!
When Clinton said it, the voters went with trump...so conned
Dunkirk in Texas. Brings a tear to my eye...
Morning Joe RTing Jonah Goldberg, CATS AND DOGS SLEEPING TOGETHER!!! It's the new era of @realDonaldTrump and I NEED A DRINK! ~@billmurray
Yes..this is when they step up, when it really counts. I so wish I could do something to help. In FLA and praying for TEXAS.
We have to be. Can't depend on Trump!
I love this so much! 
Agreed!
And it could - must- get grater!
Watching on TV small boats picking up people, dogs & cats in the flood
dropping off on overpass with others in Huston.
People already rescued helping other out of boats, all going on in  a Non panic mode, a just do it.
They have a Gov. & mayors  engaged
3 from the get go unlike Louisiana in 2005,  That gov. Blanco was voted out & Mayor Negin is now in  prison.
amen to that
America the way I remember us.
now....see? if 45 had a little of that attitude, things might not be so bad
It can get better Jonah. We've been slacking for awhile. In times like these, we demonstrate the best part of our country: humanity
@Mikel_Jollett why Jonah why
Yes! America is great!!
GREATER HOUSTON COMMUNITY FOUNDATION--donated
The bitterness lingers..
Fucking right it is.
Thanks Hillary
Damn straight it is. And it isn't even near as "racist" as the daily hype-cycle news desperately tries to make everyone believe
Why don't you tell that to our President.  He apparently doesn't think so.
Blocked, you'll have to provide cliff notes
Guy in Texas was getting ready to launch his boat to save people stranded by the flood.
Thanks Brett.
Mm more like Texas is already great. America needs saving.
Amen, Jonah.
