Of the 283 noms to agencies, the Senate has only been able to confirm 56. By this time they'd confirmed 69% of President Obama's nominees.
Democrats have allowed only 10% of Trump confirmations by voice vote, while more than 90% of Obama’s had happened by voice vote in 2009.
A great example of this --> the Democrat filibuster of U.S. District Court Judge David Nye just weeks ago.
After filibustering a non-controversial district court judge, Democrats unanimously vote to confirm him. I wish I was kidding.
No point approving noms who will be fired in 2 weeks by the Trumpster.
Sad that the GOP is in control and you still can't get things done! #FakePresident #TreasonousTrump #25thAmendment
It seems most of GOP with Clinton's camp! Bastards! Fire them all!
Clinton is a Democrat not a Republican so how can the GOP be in her camp?
Another idiot Dem! So sorry for you! Don't you read or hear? Agenda going great!
So right! Take generations to fix Obama's Mess!
That's one year per decade Trump is trying to set us back. Seems fair.
President moving us forward! Don't you people read what is going on the stock market and economic growth?
We need an EO. Time limits for staffing of executive branch.  These people are not politicians, they are criminals.
Yes, they are and I believe Tratiors to our Country Government!!
@senorrinhatchStop bitching, fight fire w/ fire agst EVIL DemocratsVOTERS gave .@GOP everythingChange to 51 votes NOW#MAGA or it's WAR
Issue is #Trump is a terrible #CEO. He has no clue-he is used to ordering minions around-he is not going to order around the US people.
Sorry you lost! Or have Evil Dem madness! Move to NK maybe like it better take Dems with!
Stop blaming dems it what you want turn coat
I blame All! It seems more Evil walking those halls! Fire them all get all new people!
More like 50 since they quit or get fired so fast. But you keep backing Trump. Your legacy is shot.
Why is @POTUS obstructing Congress by no signing Sanctions?
we are tired of Trump spin, blame others & those who add to his mess. Your party has proven no loyalty to humans, only loyal to corporations
All Congress/Senate very Corrupt! Been that way for yrs! Need to Fire them all!
Can you even imagine? It's so painful when congress blocks a president for 8 years and then steals a Supreme Court seat. OH WAIT. That's you
Yes and blocks his agenda! Wish these Traitors move to NK!
Why do you keep supporting a president who has no values and morals. This is ridiculous.
What! Sorry you have Dem Madness! Or watch to much MSM lies!
Gee, if only the GOP had control of the House, Senate and WH.  Oh wait...
Bastards! GOP most with Evil Clinton's!
Obama was elected for 2-4 year terms not a 4 year and a 3 year term. REPS obstructed big time to steal supreme court seat.
Obama out in office by NWO gang! To start the Evil hate!prejudice! Agenda! Bastard!
Time to lock up Hillary. Give them a taste of their own medicine
Yes about time, tired of the waiting! Call her ugly Witch!!
Maybe all of you @GOP should grow a spine & fight them instead of always caving. #TakeAStand for the people who elected you! #DefundGOP
We elected them, we can unelect them
Yep!
Yep you never been a part of that. GOP stop pointing finger,,do your job, get something done. Oh yeah enjoy your enormously vacation time
MERRICK GARLAND. MERRICK GARLAND. MERRICK GARLAND.
Of ur ilk to stop Obama at any cost.
Coming from a senior Senator that for 8yrs Obstructed Pres. Obama. In fact sir, you took an Oath along with the rest
From a leader of a party that had 7 years to plan and construct a repeal and replacement for the ACA. Pot meet kettle.
This is profoundly dishonest. Why don't you complain about the Trump administration failing to nominate anyone for these positions?
Obstruction??? You're sure out of it.  Gop have the winning medal on obstruction.yes, you. Your party
That's their plan. Resist!
We need qualified people nominated not liars, racist, thieves and bigots!
Well then get to work Senator &realize you're the majority! PASS then thru without the damn obstructionist! Don't just pass blame! WORK!
You should thank them.
Go to 51 vote decision making progress. No more being nice with democrats.
you would think you could find some qualified people
How doe's it feel? can u say SCOTUS  nominee. KMA
How many are hold overs from Republican obstructionism?  Don't R' s prefer smaller gov't?  How many nominees are unqualified for job?
This is not on the Dems. You are complicit in letting Trump run amok. Remember Garland? You played huge role in that. Please don't run again
Where is the US Senate report on the prescription opioid epidemic that you had sealed? http://www.salem-news.com/articles/july302017/prescription-opioid-epidemic-msp.php …
GO NUCLEAR. ENOUGH IS ENOUGH.
LEADER MCCONNELL NEEDS TO DO HIS JOB AND STOP THE FILIBUSTER RULE!  NO AUGUST RECESS EITHER!!
Good. We have enough criminals staffing the white house as it is. Remember #garland
At the current rate of @WhiteHouse insanity & treason, I'm glad the @HouseDemocrats are obstructing.
republicans can hardly complain about obstruction after their treatmnt of Obama
In case you forgot here is an article about @GOP blocking Judge Garland. #utpol 
http://www.npr.org/2016/09/06/492857860/173-days-and-counting-gop-unlikely-to-end-blockade-on-garland-nomination-soon …
Remind me what Party refused to hold a hearing for Supreme Court Nominee Judge Merrick Garland when Obama was President? #utpol
Like considering the Supreme Court nominee last year. You certainly know obstruction
HOW CAN YOU CONFIRM SOMEONE WHO HASNT BEEN NOMINATED BY THE PRESIDENT YET
Get rid of the filibuster! Go to 51 nuclear vote option! STOP acting like you are helpless!
Reality/truth check staffers.  Your boss obstructed Obama big time and executive branch hasn't put up a lot of names.
Also, Merrick Garland. You have FOREVER sacrificed your right to complain about "obstruction" of any kind.
And yet, the GOP hold the Senate and there's no filibuster on appointees anymore. Tell the president to appoint more people to vacancies.
Idk, but the blatant contempt for norms with the whole Garland fiasco kindof excuses you to talk about obstruction.
Your redmap rigged majority hasn't earned a thing
That's too bad..
8 years of your hate fear obstruction sedition disrespect and traitorous acts..6 months is nothing
You don't h ave a leg to stand on!
1 nominees have not been coming, 2 nominees are unqualified-Devos 4 ex., 3 who cars whether vocal vote or not, 4 REPS obstructed Garland
Lie.
A.) Stop nominating maniacs.

B.) THE ADMINISTRATION HAS NOT PUT FORWARD NOMINEES FOR 75% OF POSTS.

Stop LYING your party has supermajority
The @GOP presides over the worst ever political, economic, and moral decline in the United States.  Staffing FRAUD AND CORRUPTION is wrong.
It sucks when the other party holds thing up eh. Garland?
All I see are Democrats who want to reach across the aisle.  Maybe you need to try harder and invite them in.  That is what Americans want.
I'm a constituent (84124) & am sick of ur hyper partisan BS. Stop playing games & pointing fingers. Clean up ur mess (Trump) & #doyourjob
Gorsuch. Get the msg?
What happened to their "Elections have consequences" and "I won, you lost" attitude? Also, they found Bipartisanship again. It's disgraceful
Can't BELIEVE that while the Trump admin melts down from gross incompetence and corruption, ur ignoring that and whining about Dems?!!
Guess U didn't like McCain's speech?  Why B accountable when U can point fingers & try to shift blame like a child?! Showing ur true colors.
That's the best news I've heard all morning, Orrin. Thanks buddy!
To you and your colleagues on both sides of the aisle, the American people are asking you: Prioritize people, not politics.
Senator Hatch, maybe you should try bipartisanship
At the current rate the GOP is dismantling American democracy, trump will still be president in eleven years
The inability to staff the executive branch rests solely on the shoulders of 'the executive'. The disfunction begins and stops there.
Change rules ASAP to end this obstruction hurting our country. Suspend each senator that is abusing role for political reasons cc:@tedcruz
Explain your connecting of "no nominee put forward" to "Democratic obstruction?"
Not just Democrat's! We have @SenatorCollins & @SenJohnMcCain helping them.While @SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan do NOTHING about obstruction 
Obstruction much
This is Unacceptable @TheDemocrats Must Pay for tgis #VoteThemAllOut
Keep blaming like a toddler instead of being a leader. Great job. 
I would say at the current rate of resignations and firings the staff will never be complete during this administration.
Ouch.... pay back is a bitch....
Please stop with the blame game. It's time both sides work together across the aisle before the United States is no longer United.
I don't want to EVER hear about "obstruction" after your party's disgraceful actions in 2016.
I saw some of the names Chump put forward 4 lower courts. Everyone of them r racist & civil rights abusers & hate women's right.
oh that's it, the mess going on at the white house is the Dems fault. has nothing to do with the super amazingly terrific tweeting fool
your party controls the senate and there is no longer a filibuster on exec branch nominees. soooooo, try again.
Democrats are against this country being great again! Think US didn't deserve our power! Rid D.C. swamp of the anti American Obama holdovers
There's 52 GOP  Senators, and you only need 50 for confirmation. Try some other lie.
Yes and those Dem Senators are holding up the vote to approve! Get your facts correct!

Work w the WH to get nominees w/o major COI to vet & worthy of voice vote. #democracy #compromise
This summer, in August, recess appoint every last one of them as Trump desires it to be.
Merrick Garland.
Remember Garland!!
No Senator Hatch, it will take exactly one election cycle. The people are understandably angry and itching to vote the rest of the Dems out.
Some Christian you are working with the Koch Brothers and the NRA and your 1 precent groups to detroy America
Merrick Garland
Trump has has very few mominess but but keep lying The GOP obstuction let you steal a surpreme court pick Neil Gorush is your right hand man
What obstruction?
GOP has both houses!! And wh!

Stop with the lies!
THEN CHANGE THE DAMN RULES!! GOP IS THE MAJORITY IN CONGRESS!! START ACTING LIKE IT!! STOP USING DEMS AS EXCUSE TO SCREW TRUMP!!
575 positions:
No WH nominations: 357
Awaiting nomination: 3
Nominated: 165
Confirmed: 50

Blame Trump not Dems. 

https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/politics/trump-administration-appointee-tracker/database/ …
You and your party attempted to limit the first Black President to 3/5 of a Presidency. 

Stop whining about obstruction, Senator.
Remember how you robbed Obama of his supreme court pick and the grounds lame duck? Trump is a lame duck in his final term, if he makes it 4
Work with the new chief of staff
Liberal Dems are afraid the the Presidents new chief of staff.  They see a man of focus and dicipline.  They want chaos.  They want failure
Collaboration on both sides of the political aisle is needed. Enough of the blame game. Americans want u to work together.
It's time for the GOP to tell the democrats they are sorry for being obstructionist during the Obama era. Perhaps you need to lead.
Go to simple majority. Stop the obstruction. Get Congress working or go home.
Why aren't people being held accountable for sedition and treason? Example: Maxine Waters should already be in jail!
GOP is as guilty. Refusal to work with @potus means ur refusing to work for the people who voted him in.  2018 conservatives staying home.
I am voting No 4U since you voted yes on health bills while you were taking money from insurance companies crooked LDS joke of a man
Yet, we have the House, the Senate, and the White House. We are allowing this to continue.
Hatch must think that all of the USA is as stupid as Trump's supporters.  Orrin is one of the biggest partisan hacks in history.
The president wants nothing to move until healthcare... maybe take it up with him?
Funny YOU should bring up obstruction! Maybe you and trump will be out of office before anyone else gets confirmed!
We don't need that long, just long enough to get a legitimate president in place. We'd apologize, but we're not sorry. #TheResistance
WHAT DEMOCRAT OBSTRUCTION?!?!
Again, Senator, it's really tough to take complaints about obstruction seriously when they come from you.
Amen.
