I think last year when you refused Garlands hearing was much lower.
It should be upsetting to everyone that you ignored the nomination of #MerrickGarland history won't lie. You are on the wrong side. #Shame
Ya know Turtle Man the Republican party never ceases to amaze me, whenever ya think they can't get any shittier you price me wrong.Midterm
Prove ...sorry
You upset me !!!!!
Wow, what a hypocrite you are! You need to just stop talking and stop Tweeting.
We've been sitting in this pit of darkness together, Mitch -- ever since you obstructed Judge Garland's nomination for eight months. #SCOTUS
The "new low" was you denying Judge Garland the opportunity for consideration. The "new low" is you pretending to have principles. #Senate
YOU brought the Senate to a new low by not allowing even a vote on Garland, easily as qualified as Gorsuch. Your obstruction was shameful.
Its upsetting that Repubs obstructed Obama's even more impressive & centrist nominee, creating today's situation. #Senate #NoNuclearOption
You are the partisan hack who is destroying the Senate.
Its upsetting you won't listen to the people and get a better nominee. Gorsuch does not serve the people over corporations.
People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
It should be upsetting to every AMERICAN what the GOP has brought to the country, a new low, okay with #TREASON because you benefited.
I lied to girl at a bar last night and benefited........ Guess I committed treason then, at least by your definition.
You brought the senate to this low refusing to bring Garland's nomination to a vote. We are not stupid, you put personal power above the law
You did this.
No sir. You did that when you refused to give Garland a hearing.
Not a new low. You went much lower when you refused to even give Garland a hearing.
No one can stoop lower than you Mitch. Just when it seems there is nowhere lower to go, you find a way to go there.  #riseup, #mitchhastogo
You did this.
Like you did by refusing to hold a hearing on Garland?
But you have all the power sir so how can those poor little dems hurt you?
You having the balls to call ANYTHING a "new low" after what you did to Garland just displays the depths of your hypocrisy. Disgraceful.
Youre the one destroying the Senate. #hypocrisy
Remember when you said the happiest day of your life was telling Obama he wouldn't fill the SCOTUS vacancy?
That remains one of the most pitiful statements I have ever heard. It should be his epitaph.
Do you think the new healthcare bill will cover McConnell's newfound amnesia?
And you, sir, are a pompous unmitigated hypocrite. Don't tell the president I said that, too many syllables for him to tally
you are personally responsible for the lows of the senate. Our gov't and country will be much better when you're gone.
YOU did that when refusing a hearing for garland! you are such a hypocrite and a liar. why are you destroying this country? it's upsetting
Dems at least gave gorsuch a hearing. Reps gave Garland 0 hearings.
you are the ones going low, trying to change rules that protect the minority from the TYRANNY of the majority under a TRAITOROUS president
It's upsetting that you are in office and have any bit of power
Plagiarism is always impressive, isn't it? The voters will not forget your complicity in this corrupt regime.
Crys when democrats threatened the nuke op and stonewalls nominations and is #PUBLIC HYPOCRITE NUMERE ONE
You brought us this when #GOP met on 2 inauguration nights and conspired to obstruct Obama at every turn. YOU DID THIS-We will not forget
It's upsetting that you are are even allowed to hold an elected office.  What is wrong with the people of Kentucky?  #hypocritical
Remember when you denied ANY hearings on Merritt Garland #draintheswamp
Still upsetting to us that the Republicans brought the #Senate to a new low, when you ignored an impressive nom #MerrickGarland #IObject
It should be upsetting that #GOP have brought #Senate to this new low, & on such an impressive nom with bipartisan support #JudgeGarland
Cut the crap: you did the same thing to Garland.  Grow up.
your behavior on Garland led us here. We are upset with YOU.
Your hyprocrisy is off the charts.
Mitch McConnell: "One of my proudest moments" was when I told President Obama "you will not fill this Supreme Court vacancy." 
you sure are quick to flip-flop when it works to your advantage
Did u forgot about Judge Merrick Garland?? Remember, he was the Judge President Obama picked?? You Repub hypocrites wouldn't even meet him
Considering you're about to commit another act of rank hypocrisy, you're demonstrating a tremendous lack of personal responsibility
You are responsible for this mess. At least be man enough to own it. #MerrickGarland #GOPhypocrisy
You brought it there, but at least your wife has a cabinet position.  Hope it was worth it.  You fraud.
Senate Majority Leader Turtle - You should focus on earning your paycheck rather than tweeting.
It is upsetting that a weasel like you has any power over the American people. Take your money and shut up.
You did this!  GARLAND!
Seriously, dude?  You would not even meet with Merrick Garland. Shame on you. You are the lead obstructionist.
YOU BOURBON MITCH BROUGHT AMERICA so low by YOUR racist, fascist, Ol' confederate hic pocrisy
You and the Republicans have brought the Senate to this low. GARLAND!

You did it.
Merrick Garland
#Garland
This tweet makes me understand you 11% approval rating.
If it is bipartisan support why can't he pass the vote?
Merrick Garland
upsetting you obstructed Merrick Garlands nomination that has led to the just & right move the @SenateDems  is now taking. We the ppl say no
You have no place to talk about bipartisan.  You and your fellow thugs have no clue how to play well with others.
Correction. YOU brought the senate to a new low refusing to do your job.
And you show a pattern of lawlessness: not voting on Garland, a possible change to simple majority for SCOTUS. You are a corrupt old fool.
Merrick Garland
metis quod seminas
GOP blocked 79 Obama nominees w/ filibuster before Reid used nuclear option. You use it after Dems say filibuster ONCE-newlow
Guess they don't find him as impressive as you do. Who else do you have? #StopGorsuch
The POTUS is under FBI. Investigation. It is inappropriate for him to nominate a SCOTUS judge. 
#Illegitimate  #Trumprussia
Filibuster! Let's reach a new low...gotta fight low with lower...
Trump puppet. Time for you to go. #OutWithRepublicans2018
Biggest hypocritical subhuman obstructionist ever. He actually saud this. #TheResistance #Complicit #TrumpTaxes
New low? Remember how you didn't it? There's a book written on your low life activities as leader .
awwwww 
your so right Mitchy. You wouldn't allow them to win in 2016, why win now. Challenge them to a duel.
With all due respect, what you did to Garland was more upsetting.
#hypocrite
Single-handedly blocking Merrick Garland nomination was Senate nadir. #nomorelies
That's the pot calling the kettle black! Low point is that you are called "leader". Just a washed up hack! #hypocrite
Reject Gorsuch.
Dems..you are defending 24 or 25 senate seats in 2018. 10 in states Trump won...combine that  w/ your mid term apathy...R's might get to 60
Dems you are not going to get ahead by casting three or four ballots each presidential election.  Your 2018 turnout will be sad like always
Garland was a NO with a hearing or without a hearing...Dems were in Minority.  Try winning off year elections.
What's upsetting is ur racism and not even considering Merrick Garland. U r such a hypocrite! How can u sleep at night?
#NOshame #NoSoul
YOU are choosing the new low. YOU set the previous low. YOU are destroying democracy.  Country over party
 you're just mad because they are doing what you did! YOU DONT APPROVE A SCOTUS that is pushed by a  TREASONIST PREZ! #Impeach2MAGA
Mitch! Can you say Merrick Garland? Didn't think so.
They still haven't even come close to the depths You and the obstructionist @GOP slithered to over the last 8 years.
Snort. After Garland? Try putting up someone electable rather than an extremist, partisan operative.
You set the precedent...
Don't back down.. CONFIRM
Leader just change rules get on with it , not that big of a deal ! Dems will not help so change rule -Drama Queens weeks of drama 
Taking tweeting lessons from @POTUS?
Change the rule to 51 for everything and make America great again!!!
Often very critical of you but want to give credit where it is http://due.You 've done a great job handling this SC issue.Good work.
it was you who did that.  And you will continue to for your own agenda.
This stupidity of Dems in Senate bogels the mind.  Even Liberal Lawyers writing op-eds today calling it tactical and procedural stupidity.
It's not the dems we're upset with.
Hey. Mitch did u see ur approval rating is 14%. America has had enough! Quit playing games and being so bipartisan. U r a embarrassment.
No sir it's u who history will remember to have brought Senate to new low all because of ur greed
A very impressive Koch operative. Yeah.
Merrick Garland
Wrong. Upsetting is your denying CITIZENS, via a democratically elected Pres his nom, and a fair hearing. You hate democracy.
I wish you had the integrity of @LindseyGrahamSC or @SenJohnMcCain You brought this on yourself and I'm an independent btw
Merrick Garland
Makes me happier than hell to see public servants listen and adhere to their constituents.  
Changing the rules to get your way...UPSETTING
We all laugh when you whine about partisanship, you damn fool.  The GOP's entire modus operandi is outrageously partisan.
Maybe a President who might go to prison sometime in the next 4 years shouldn't get to nominate a Scotus judge. Just sayin'
Stop pretending to be a tough guy. You will cave to the Democrats.
Actually you should be ASHAMED for collecting a check while doing nothing for 8 years.
After the Garland antics, you and your GOP colleagues have ZERO moral authority to so much as utter one tiny peep on this matter.
It should be upsetting to everyone that Dems have brought the #Senate to this new low, & on such an impressive nom with bipartisan support
Wait! Are you talking about Garland? Eleventh months without a hearing or vote? Centrist judge, well qualified, bipartisan support?
nuke it mitch.
u know the lowest Senate has gone? when Merrick Garland was denied a hearing/meeting. whats happening right now is Karma
Lol. Master troll.
You don't say! What about Judge Garland who didn't even get a nomination hearing? I'll wait for the B.S. response.
Garland had bipartisan support. YOU brought the Senate to a new low.
It's upsetting to everyone the Repub incompetency and inability to govern, all they are good at is resistance & avoiding doing their jobs
politics has become a game of "got'cha". Both sides of the isle are to blame for the new low set in the Senate.
Liar, liar pants in fire  GET THE F OUT!
New low?? I think you're looking at yourself in the mirror.
Sir, you are the one who took the low road. The Dems just took your lead.
U McConnell brought the senate to a new low when u tried to work AGAINST Obama for 8 years!  Signed, KY voter!
Proves what Dems really are. Partisan scum!!!
Garland garland garland garland you tired hypocrite.
No you are upsetting to America that you do not allow due process for your own benefit. Traitor
Your outrageous hypocrisy is the only thing upsetting to anyone I know. You are the epitome of a deplorable. #MerrickGarland
I am actually holding you accountable in this debacle.
The Russipublicans are why toe fungus is held in higher regard than the Senate! #failure
Nope. I depend on them to be my voice against bullies like you and your posse.
Seriously???
LOW? The Senate reached THE low the day Russipublicans began filibustering EVERYTHING during the Obama administration. #failure
How dare you!  Garland!
COWARD DO IT.  SHOULD HAVE DONE IT WEEKS AGO.  WEAK LEADERSHIP
Wow, your hypocrisy is just shocking, even for a Republican Senator, even for you!!!
Dude... remember when you obstructed Obama's pick for almost a year.?.....we won't forget.
No Gorsuch vote until Trump TREASON is resolved, Let's spend this energy on Trump/ Blackstone/ Baycox, it's the money trial to TREASON
It's a sad day that it is not about his abilities on the bench, but a political shitstorm put on by the left! Do what needs to be done Sir!
Too bad 18' is so far out, we'd relieve you of your suffering sooner, you poor little snowflake
@MarthaLivingmar I hope my party grows a set and stands together to vote
Upsetting=Mitch McConnell
No you led the Senate to this new low by not giving a hearing to Garland. It will also be your choice to go "nuclear" or not.
It should be upsetting to everyone  especially you! 23,000 miners to lose health care and pension. Keep the Promise! 26 days!
Can you say that with  straight face? You're choosing to destroy the dignity of the Senate and yelling, "they're to blame!" Childish.
Come in Mitch you did a number on OBAMA over the years, screwed Garland, and Trump/Putin connection req. #selectcommittee and you won't
They didn't bring the #senate to this low. You did with Garland. Oh, how short your memory is.
They just joined you at your level.
Doing the right thing is obviously not your goal.Will you be unmasked next? #Resist #TrumpRussia
You had it lower on Garland!
DJT is under investigation by the FBI!At least wait until he is cleared or sent to prison.Are you being blackmailed? #Disgrace
Didn't you go to Sunday School? Don't you remember right from wrong? What does "majority rules" mean to you?
Your choice what low is and how low u want to go.
Mitch you are making the wrong decision. If the vote is No, then the vote is No. You are blinded with pride & hate. #WakeUp
It is VERY UPSETTING that you have led Congress to this new low and won't admit it. You and Trump are cut from the same mold.
No, YOU brought the #USSenate to a new low by refusing even a hearing to #PresidentObama's equally impressive nominee, Judge #MerrickGarland
It's upsetting that you are lying about the facts.
Use the Dems rule change to bite them in their collective idiocy.  #GoNuclear
Leader McConnell you obstructed Merrick Garland so do not start throwing stones. You are a glass house!
MOVE on without them
Get back to some real business, get something accomplished sooner NOT later
And while you are down there, take off the gloves and start changing things for the better.  You know the critical positions and pain points
