#Freedom for millions of Americans to lose coverage and access to healthcare.
Already happened with Obamacare
Truth
Oh.... bless your heart. Don't mistake my correction for your insolence.
What about my left back? Does it not get a blessing too?
I voted for Reagan. And Romney. Last time I ever vote for any GOP candidate. You are monsters. Shame.
Stop lying!
This will affect ALL Americans!  How can this adminstration not listen to their own voters?  KARMA is a B*%~<>ch!!
Is this increasing HSA contributions to total family deductible or just individual?
HSAs create so many problems! You have an HSA and watch your kids college financial aid go down!
Actually they work well if No.1: The family is healthy and No.2: The family can afford to fund their deductible.
McConnell: "Taking funding away from abortion providers & political organizations"-Planned Parenthood out @nycwomensmarch @riotwomennn
Why should the govt. use our tax money to fund a PRIVATE company? At least let us choose where our taxes go for once.
It's a nonprofit to provide healthcare to women and men. I wish men had to go through monthly periods with changing hormones & c how that is
Still, at least let us choose which departments our tax dollars go to.
You do not represent Americans.   You will forever be remembered as traitors and laughingstocks in history
We don't want this! You are hurting people with disabilities, like my daughter! She's 4 btw.
Sorry, but we taxpayers should not b responsible 4 paying 4 others healthcare.  We have to take care of OUR families 1st then disabled.
Taking healthcare from the oldest and the most vulnerable in our society isn't sorry, it's disgusting, and it Still increases premiums 20%
Hurry up and vote. May not be perfect but it supports #LifeForUnborn.
What about the living?
Is it a distinction? Life is life. Drs should care for all living people. Argument that unborn should be killed to save resources is sick.
So you want this bill to pass to stop abortion, even though people that are alive will die?
This is bad argument. Do you want to lower the speed limit on interstate to 25 mph? IF WE DON'T PEOPLE WILL DIE!
playing @GoRemy  People will die http://youtu.be/eXWhbUUE4ko  in my head as I read
#balancethebudget by cutting spending and plan to pay 1/50th of the national debt so we don't have #BankruptGrandkids @GOP @realDonaldTrump
We get it. You really hate obama. Get over it.

The Republicans are most all EVIL!!  I will NEVER vote for a Republican again for the rest of my life!!!  SHAME ON ALL OF YOU!!!
In the annals of history the @GOP will forever be the political party of obstruction, spite, cruelty, indecency, treason, crime, & bigotry.
What does that mean in layman's 101 terms?
Finally! Give the working people some relief!


7 years of bitching about Obamacare and they're replacement is only 8 pages? Losers.
Uuummm. This is an amendment to ACA
Oh I know that: 8 pages to fix the "huge" mess they claim the ACA is...
Too many people must be trying the site. It's on overload & URL won't open. Try again later
Can be watched on Cspan.Dratz, not well enough to stay up & watch it! Perhaps I'll wake up again to see how far they got. #ChronicPainPerks
This Bill & process is deplorable. Respectfully ask @SenatorFischer & @SenSasse from Nebraska to vote NO. Put health of country over party!
You are vile.
No no no no !!!!!!
If the Dems like this bill then I don't GOP needs to unify around a conservative plan and fully repeal the ACA as they have promised 4 7 yrs
Is this really only 8 pages? WTF.
Finally!!!!!
This is a nightmare. You people are using people's lives as political pawns. You're voting on a bill you don't even want to pass #SavetheACA
Why do you hate the American people?  #Deathcare  #WeWillRemember  #Midterms2018
Any Bill more than 4 pages should be illegal
I read this in 10 minutes.  
It looks like it will lower taxes, reduce abortions, and give states power to innovate.  I like it.
So Jason do you think not funding Planned Parenthood reduces abortions? It doesn't! It prevents poor women from healthcare! Shame!
Total betrayal to the citizens of the US. GOP death panel is alive and well. Citizens will die. All for 17% of people who are selfish.
Go ahead, your all done.  I will piss on the ashes of @GOP this is America not Russia assholes
So Senator Hatch, when do the transparent, bipartisan, unrushed discussions begin? @SenMikeLee
Shame
We will remember what you did to your fellow Americans tonight.
AARP will inform our 38M members how each & every Senator votes on this bill via ads, our print publications, social media & more. #VoteNo
BREAKING HEALTHCARE

There, I fixed it for you, @SenateGOP!
This isn't governing. Hatch has been in office too long to seriously think this is appropriate.
Eat literally all the shit.
WTF literal last minute release for review, and 8 pages? You clowns couldn't manage a seltzer bottle, let alone the healthcare industry.
Where's the rest of it?
This is nothing..the same bullshit..This is why I am no longer a republican..this is a garbage bill..shame on you!
GREAT JOB.  We are all watching.  Feels like election night all over again......
GOP attacking each other in public and talking about sucking cocks now pull this piece of shit out of their asses.

#healthcarefreedomact
Once again you don't have a healthcare bill that doesn't harm@SenToomey take the time to know wht ur constituents want #skinnytoomey

A fair legislative process imbues the final result with democratic legitimacy, while an unfair process corrodes the institution.

"Finally, Americans can be free of healthcare." #HealthCareFreedom = #death
"Let me ask you one question. Is your money that good? Will it buy you forgiveness? Do you think that it could?"
So what is it @GOP did he threaten all of you like Alaska? That's it.
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP This #healthcarefreedomact is ! WAY too much subsidies 2 states from taxpayers! Have u SEEN the $20 TRILLION #DEBT
So it's retro-active? How does that work?
don't.  just don't.
Vote No 17% approval. You break it you bought it.  Bye bye
You're evil people and I hope this vote will haunt you the rest of your natural lives.
Thanks @BudgetGOP — HealthCareDeathKnell Act is here.
This is not normal process and needs time for deep discussion and CBO scores. Secret preparations are wrong and do not serve americans.
Well, it's literally 8 pages...
What big deal about 26yrs old let child stay Increase rate on plan Parents pay if child doesnt or toss them Fewer uninsured @realDonaldTrump
8 pages huh?
You realize this is an amendment to ACA
#Trumpcare
Nice, throw CHIP funds in there to make Dems vote against it.  Incompetent & malicious
Outrageous that you expect senators to vote on this tonight and you only just now let people read the bill
It's 8 pages
8 pages? Are you guys kidding? Is power really this important?
It's the Freedom From Health Bill. 
As the Mooch would say "Fucking Awesome!!!"
their is a special place in hell waiting for all of these bastards
This is so shameful. The process you destroy tonight will never be fixed. You're unraveling this country.
You Nazis will do anything to help the rich and fuck the poor.
What the actual fuck is wrong with you monsters?
Vote no.
